 SURRENDER When most people think of the word surrender, they immediately visualize a white flag being waved. It is indicative of giving up or being a loser. In Western Culture surrender is synonomous with weakness in a arena where only winners are strong and celebrated. People don't want to surrender. We are taught to fight, to win - at all costs. Yet I would argue to say that there is strength in surrender. Imagine that you have fallen into a lake or the sea and you begin fighting to stay above the water. You kick and scream and flail your arms, yet all you seem to do is sink and swallow water. In a short time, if you continue with this approach, you will drown. However, if you lean back and relax, you will find that you will float on the surface of the water as the current eventually carries you to the shore. In this instance, surrender is a good thing while fighting is a bad thing. Perhaps you know someone who has worked hard all their life, fighting and struggling to make a living only to be diagnosed with an illness such as cancer later in life. When threatened with impending death, they had to make changes in their lifestyle. They may have had to quit working so hard or so much. They may have been required to change their eating and drinking habits and make time for exercise. They find themselves paying attention to thoughts and feelings that they have been running from for years. They realize that it's just as easy to say a kind word about someone or something as it is to be critical. If they made these changes, their health may improved or perhaps they were able to find peace in their final moments and make their transition with grace. We grow up by learning to control the people and situations in our lives. As babies, we learn to cry when we are hungry or uncomfortable and then become confused when we can no longer have our needs met by crying as we grow older. We may feel that we must say certain things or act in a certain way to please others or get what we need. We may feel we have to be someone else in order to make someone like us or love us or be accepted. However, if we try to manipulate the people in our lives, they will never truly love or accept us and, more importantly, we will never truly love or accept ourselves. Sometimes we experience conflict with others or organizations and we feel we must hold a grudge out of principle than to let it go for our own emotional and mental health. In addition to the damage this does to our mind and spirit, it also manifests in our bodies as muscle tension and high blood pressure. In time, it will eat away at our bodies and maifest as dis-ease unless we learn to give up or surrender our grudge. We fear that if we forgive someone that we lose or present ourselves as weak. We are afraid that we are holding up a white flag of surrender. In reality, it takes a lot of strength to let something go. We choose our battles and how we choose to use our natural resources, and yes, peace of mind is a natural resource. When we continue to maintain hard feelings at someone or some situation, we continue to allow them to control us and they win. We don't forgive others in order to prevent ourselves from being hurt again, but in reality, we just continue to allow us to hurt ourselves. Sometimes we have been trying to control situations for so long that we don't know how to let go. Any other way to handle the situation seems uncomfortable or scarey because we have been living in such an unhealthy way for so long. Pain is the only thing an abused puppy knows until it experiences loving treatment. Sometimes we have to start where we can and that may just be the effort of be willing to surrender another person or situation to the universe. When we get out of the way and allow a higher power to handle things in a way that it sees fit, miraculous results can occur. It takes courage to practice the art of surrender. Do you feel brave today? If not, are you willing to be brave today? What are you holding on inside of you that you can give up today? Toolbox Just for today, give up the need to control other people and situations. Simply observe the world around you without judgment and notice what is going on inside you. What are you feeling? What are you thinking? What are you doing? Can you allow yourself to just be... even for a moment? Practice closing your eyes and focus on your breathing. Consciously give yourself permission to let everything go and just allow yourself the luxury of being at peace with yourself for a few moments. When you feel at peace, open your eyes and bring this sense of serenity back to the everyday world with you. Repeat as needed. Make a list of the people or situations that you are trying to control or make happen in your life. Read the list to yourself and say, "I'm willing to surrender these people and situations to the universe." Rip up the piece of paper and throw it away. Affirmation Today I am willing to surrender everything to Spirit and I am at peace.

 HIGHER POWER From the earliest beginnings of mankind, we have looked to nature and the heavens for a creator. When the hunt was good and there was plenty to eat, we thanked the gods and when the weather turned against us, we feared them. As mankind moved away from tribes who focused exclusively on hunting and formed villages with an emphasis on farming, the idea of God transitioned as well. They became the figurehead for a particular purpose or need in the community. Female fertility godesses appeared to bring abundance in farming and producing children. By the rise of Mesopotamia, Egypt, Greece and Rome, the gods and godesses had involved into three-dimensional characters that had detailed origins and histories. With flair and personlity their adventures told the story of how the world was made and what particular influence they had over mankind. They were very similar to the Justice League of America (JLA), which is the fictious organization whose members consist of Superman, Wonder Woman, Batman, etc. Next, the idea of one and only one God came to be for a brief time in Egypt and eventually with the Hebrew people who longed to separate themselves as much as possible from the gentiles. The new and improved one God proved very helpful. He led the Hewbrews out of Egypt and provided mana from the heavens before eventually leading them into the promised land. The relationship with the Hebrew God of the Old Testament was often a rocky one as the Hebrews sometimes fell out of His pleasure. This God was a jealous God and would smite someone at the drop of a hat. However, in the New Testament, Jesus spoke of a kind, loving Father who only wanted His children to forgive and love one another. This was a far cry from the God of the Old Testament. I sometimes find it helpful to think of it using this analogy: God of the Old Testament equals God before prozac; and the God of the New Testament equals God after prozac. It was really quite a change in personality. Various churches have painted different images of God over the past 2,000 years and many people in the United States grow up seeing themselves as sinners unworthy of the love from their judgmental God. We are to accept what church leaders tell us without questioning. We become sheep and do not have a personal relationship with God, but instead our interaction is mediated by a third party. Over the last fifty years or so more and more people have begun to think for themselves and have left the churches. In time, they find themselves longing for a connection with their creator, but refuse to accept the God they have been given in the past. In fact, some people have been victimized by some church members in such a way that they may be uncomfortable using the name God. That’s okay. Find another a name that feels comfortable and begin using that name instead. It may be Lord, Allah, Godess, the Universe or even just your Higher Power. Use this name for as long as you like. If one day it no longer feels appropriate, choose the name that feels right at that time. You can always change it later if you feel so led. More people are beginning to expand their consciousness of the world around them and in doing so our concept of God is changing too. Most people no longer see God as a bearded man on a throne in the heavens. God has now taken on the persona of an unconditional loving energy who wants the very best for you. There is nothing you can do that will cause God to forsake that unconditional love for you. God loves you and has loved you even if you have been angry at God for things that have happened in your life and had to turn away from God for a while. God does not insist that we suffer or feel unworthy. God wants us to feel worthy of His love and in accepting this idea, we find that we are able to open ourselves up to more good. From The Foxhole After the events of September 11,2001, Orlando found himself lost and needing comfort, but did not feel worthy to turn to God because he had previously divorced his wife and threw himself into his career. The following Sunday, he visited a local church and reconnected with God. "I realized that it didn't matter that my wife and I had divorced and I had run away from the pain by focusing all my attention on work. Like the story of the Prodigal Son, God was just happy to have me come home." Linda had been excommunicated from the church she grew up in after confiding in her youth minister that she was a lesbian. Feeling abandoned by both God and her church family, Linda walked away from the church for over fifteen years since she could not reconcile her sexuality with her religion. One afternoon, Linda was hiking in the mountains and looked out at the view before her. "It was so breathe taking I had to sit down. I looked out at the creation before me and realized I was homesick for a relationship with my creator. A thought came to me that religion and spirituality are not the same thing. It was so storng I began to read as many books as I could on spirituality. I soon realized that God didn't care who I slept with and in time, I decided the name Godess felt more comfortable to me and being outdoors in nature is my church. Whenever I feel disconnected, I go outdoors and look at all the beauty around me and I no longer feel alone. If I have a question, an answer will often come to me." Toolbox Just for today, imagine that God is with you at all times, loving you and supporting you. When challenges come up, just for grins, ask God for assistance and see what happens. Imagine that God is giving you the answer. Don’t worry if you feel that you’re making it up, just go along with it and see what happens. Being aware of God takes practice, but in time you will definitely see the results. Get comfortable, close your eyes and relax. Think about a higher power for a few moments. Focus on what you feel. Is there a name that comes to mind for this higher power? Is it God? Allah? Jesus? Lord? The Universe? Godess? Spirit? Or maybe just Higher Power? Choose a name for God and begin using it. If you find in time, that this name no longer feels comfortable, choose a new one at that time. Spend some time in nature and look at God’s handiwork. Watch a sunset and marvel at the way the colors melt in the evening sky. Drive to the mountains and experience the awe of these huge formations of rock. Go to the beach and allow the rhythm of crashing waves to lull you into a peaceful state. Remind yourself that the Universe not only created these amazing works of nature, it also created you. Therefore, you must be something special as well. Be willing to consider this idea, even if it feels strange or uncomfortable. Affirmation I am now aware of my Higher Power in my world.

 HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!! Tonight is the Widespread Panic concert at Madison Square Garden & I think I'm ready for it! My fingernails are currently painted black & I can see black lipstick, fake eyelashes, fishnet stockings, a wig and a pair of wings in my future.

 Another busy day! After I left work 35 minutes late yesterday, the plan to get these presentation books copied & out the door (via overnight to L.A.) was for me to walk the book about 5 or 6 blocks to Kinko’s and have them make the 27 copies over the course of about 2 hours. Then I would have to go pick them up, bring them back to the office, hole-punch and then spiral-bind each one. Oh, and insert dividers for each of the 3 section. Not too bad, except that I wasn’t going to get the presentation until around Noon. Now, all of that has changed. Our Production Dept. will be able to complete the job on time for me to send them out today. However, I am now at the Production Dept’s beck & call for the rest of the day. Oh well, so much for a nice leisurely day without the boss. On the laundry front, I was supposed to do them on Sunday; however, I kept Jackson on Sunday and didn’t get a chance to do them. Mondays are too busy to do them after work. So then my plan was to prep them and do them just as soon as I walked in the door from work yesterday. As noted, I was about 45 minutes late getting home yesterday so that ruled laundry duty. But today is the day!! I don’t care if I’m doing them at 10 o’clock tonight because we need our underwear back!! I’m trying to clear up my Thursday night so that I can go over to Amanda’s and meet her cousin. Friday night, Olivia, Chris and I are going to the Widespread Panic concert at Madison Square Garden. We might even be able to score some backstage passes and party with the band afterward since Amanda’s cousin is a groupie and can get us in. This all remains to be seen since I haven’t actually met this cousin of hers. If we don’t party with the band, then I think Olivia and I will be going to Hogs & Heffers, which is the bar made famous by the movie Coyote Ugly. I plan on recovering Saturday, so that rules out laundry on that day! Busy, busy! OK, now off to find some lunch and then back to the grindstone!

 Hey boo, not too much has been happenin round here, as always. But that's a good thing. No news is good news, right? Work is getting more and more stressful evryday. There are so many things I have to remember, sometimes I end up scanning in my pens and pencils rather than the pictures I'm supposed to be working on. Oh no!!! Roni is here to give me a ride home, so I will see you so very soon!!!!!!!!!! Love you!! And your little boy, too!

 Yesterday was so busy that I didn’t have time to post to my blog. Well, onto another day then. My boss left work an hour early yesterday because someone forgot to reset the office clock. I told him he deserved the extra hour. (Wonder if that will be reflected in a pay raise or bonus this year?) I did send him a nice basket of goodies for Boss’s day. The latest to partake in the sweatshop clothing industry (unknowingly, of course) is Sean “P. Diddy” Combs. His clothing line, Sean Jean, is accused of using a Honduran sweatshop. It’s reported that they pay their workers $0.25 per $50 shirt that they sew. They work 11 to 12 hour shifts, subjected to daily body searches and contaminated drinking water. Ok, so I will not complain about my job today. In a sad note, The Price is Right announcer Rod Roddy, died Monday at the age of 66. And on this day in 1886: the Statue of Liberty, a gift from the people of France, was dedicated in New York Harbor. OK, another busy day so I gotta get busy!

 It's the end of the weekend and I'm sitting here threatening my cat, Berg, with the water bottle in an effort to keep him from scratching at the front door. I think he does it just to get sprayed. I had a paper shopping bag on the floor yesterday and he climbed inside and sat like he was the king of the bag. I took a picture of him looking all regal-like. We have so many pictures of him on our computer, he has his own folder. This weekend was the Gallien/LaCour family reunion, which is my Mom's side of the family. I hear that everything was very nice and everyone had a lovely time. Someone scored me my very own freshly printed copy of the Gallien Family Cookbook . I'm very excited about it! I'm very excited to learn that my cousin, Rachael Gallien Smith, is pregnant for the 2nd time! I have more to add to that list: 3 ladies at my work - Bea, Anna & Jenn. Very exciting indeed! I wonder if 2 more people I know will also become pregnant, as they say that these things happen in 3's. Hey, the theory held true last time! Chris is working his little toes off at the Westin today. He had to work a double like he did last week. He hasn't actually called me today so I can only assume that means that he's been very busy today. That's good since time will have gone by faster for him. Jackson came over today & we played video games and watched Daredevil. We had a good time and then he had to go home and do his homework. I'm now on the phone with Becca, so I have to go now.

 FRIDAY! YEAH, FRIDAY! Chris and some of his new friends from the Mandarin Oriental are supposed to go bowling tonight at Chelsea Piers. They have black light bowling at this place. Even the pins glow in the dark! I wish I were going, but alas, I don’t think I’m invited. Maybe some time soon Cindy, Jackson, Chris and I can go and have some fun! When you think of New York City, you think about how crowded it is with all of these millions of people, Times Square, cars honking, yellow cabs rushing past, Central Park, city buses and subway trains. As far as city pets are concerned, you’d also think most people would stick to the usual house cats and dogs of various sizes. Animals such as a dozen snakes, an alligator or a tiger would seem to be somewhat far-fetched, right? Not so, my friend, no so. But I can at least say that these animals seem to be confined to Harlem or the Upper West Side of Manhattan anyway. Let’s just hope they don’t find any of these pets in Queens. In the news: A Swedish tourist tried to smuggle eight baby snakes into Australia. They found four venomous baby king cobras and four baby emerald tree boas strapped to his legs in homemade pouches. The cobras had died during the nine-hour flight, but the boas survived. He had planned to sell the snakes for $3500 in order to fund an eight-day vacation. OK, flu shot done! I’m a big girl, I didn’t cry or pass out – go me!! Now my arm hurts though. It hurts more now than it did when she stuck my arm with the needle.

 A new episode of FRIENDS comes on tonight! I’m very excited! And Chris doesn’t have to work tonight, so we get to spend some time together!! Today is a good day – so far. Tomorrow we get free flu shots here at work. Nice little incentive they give us here at my work. It’s free for me & Chris, but there’s no way I’ll be able to get Chris around a needle much less have him volunteer to be stuck by one. Today I find myself stuffing envelopes with invites to each state treasurer for the National Association of State Treasurers meeting here in NYC. Our company is hosting a dinner and program for them, which includes Jeff Greenfield (political commentator and reporter) as speaker. Meanwhile, I’m also looking for flights home for Christmas. These airlines are really sticking it to us with these holiday fares! Normally, it costs me about $225-$250 to fly home roundtrip. For Christmas, I’m seeing fares anywhere from $285 on up. I still don’t know if Chris will get to come home for Christmas. I keep trying to get him to give me an answer so that I can go ahead and get tickets. Little known fact: Tuberculosis was New York City’s leading killer in 1913. It was also known as consumption because of the way it consumed its emaciated victims.

 P.S. Becca, good job on the van!! You're worth every penny!

 Wow! It’s quite chilly outside & the temperature is supposed to drop throughout the day. Definitely a leather coat type of day! I’ve just read that the “hot” Halloween costumes for women these days are Dallas Cowboys cheerleaders or to dress as Trinity from the Matrix – just in case you’re still looking for ideas. Also in the news: the next installment of “Surreal Life” will include both Tammy Faye Messner (the ex-Mrs. Baker) and Ron Jeremy (the porn king). OK, so does anyone else see any conflicts of interest here? The show will also include Vanilla Ice, “ChiPs” actor Erik Estrada, “Baywatch” actress Tracy Bingham, “Real World: Las Vegas” housemate Trishelle. One of the ladies I work with, Ada, just got back from France. She brought us some lavender soaps when she went to visit the factory at Le Chateau du Bois. They smell soooo good!! A small observation from my little desk here on the 36th floor in Rockefeller Plaza: there are a lot of people that I work with who literally drag their feet when the walk. I’m totally shocked as I stop myself from saying, “Pick up your feet!” They all sound like they’re trying to ski on carpet. On this day in 1962: President Kennedy announced an air and naval blockade of Cuba, following the discovery of Soviet missile bases on the island. (courtesy of nytimes.com)

 Today, in Natchitoches, nothing happpened. That's right...nothing. The insurance ajduster finihsed "adjusting" the van and I caused alsmost $11,000 worth of damage. I'm a loser...... But I love you! Becca

 Another day, another dollar, another headache. Today is my 3rd and final day to sit in for the president’s assistant. This morning, he gave me a box of 4 chocolates that he got at the St. Regis Hotel in Washington DC last week. I’m saving them for dessert! No leftovers for lunch; Subway instead. It’s double stamp day!! So what else is new? They say that today is an “Indian Summer” day – which for us means that the high for today is 69. I’m all for Indian Summer days! In today’s HEADLINES dept: A man is suing Wheel of Fortune host, Pat Sajak, over a hug he received on the show that he claims hurt his back so bad, he needed surgery and months of rehab. A Michigan man survived a plunge over Niagara Falls. He wore no protective devices, etc., just the clothes on his back. Amazing, but now he’s wearing handcuffs and is sitting in some holding cell somewhere in Ontario. I’m currently reading a story on the Times Picayune website about this bacterium that appears as a small bump and then swells and is very painful. As it turns out, this mysterious little bacterium is resistant to penicillin, etc. It’s very contagious. I’ll let you know how it turns out. And on this day in 1879, Thomas Edison invented a workable electric light at his laboratory in Menlo Park, NJ. (courtesy New York Times)

 Today is my 2nd day of sitting in for the President’s assistant. I have a feeling (and hope) that today will be even duller than this past Friday. Laurren, the president’s assistant, is in California for about 6 weeks working on her acting career. This weekend I was pretty lazy, but then again, when has my weekend been exciting lately? I made King Ranch Chicken Casserole yesterday evening and it is pretty good, but it doesn’t beat my Mom’s. Big CONGRATULATIONS go out to JASON & JENNIFER WHITTINGTON, who just got married this past Saturday in Natchitoches, La. New findings from this weekend: there is a device called an Octadog, which turns an ordinary hotdog into an octopus you can eat. Interesting and just a bit scary as well! (MSRP $16.95) I also discovered a popcorn fork – so you don’t have to worry about getting that pesky butter all over your fingers cause I know that’s always been my biggest problem!! Today’s discovery is: “Snapple Pie” hits store shelves. OK, it’s not an actual pie but an apple pie flavored Snapple drink. It’s only available for a limited time (Oct-Dec 2003) to coincide with apple picking and the holiday season. Do I dare try this one? OK, now onto this whole David Blaine stunt. I can’t figure out why anyone would want to literally starve themselves for, what, 44 days?!? Publicity? Is he just that vain? I don’t know. Now the guy will have to be weaned back onto solid foods. I mean is that the sort of thing that tickles his fancy? I guess we all know what our own reactions would be to that sort of proposition. You certainly didn’t catch me hanging from a cardboard box suspended 10 feet above the ground behind my Queens apartment building, now did you? Oh, and now for the kicker: There are reports that Prince (yep, the rock star, Prince) has been going from door to door to door sharing his Jehovah’s witness faith in the Minneapolis area. Now if that isn’t strange . . .

 It certainly has been a lazy weekend for me. I actually got to spend some time with Chris Friday night and Saturday morning - it was a real treat! I made raspberry scones for breakfast (it was a mix). Now it's Sunday morning and after only an hour of sleep, Chris is back at work to pull a double. I would feel bad for him except the only reason he got so little sleep was because he and Sergio went out for drinks after work. Sergio ended up crashing here as he also had to be back up at work to pull a double today. I'm just hoping that they let Chris come home early so he can get a little sleep. Otherwise, it's all been pretty quiet. The weather is really beginning to get cold out there. This time of year usually marks the beginning of my semi-hibernation. The colder it gets outside, the less you'll see me on the streets of Manhattan! That's what I hate so much about living up here - because this shit lasts for about 6 months. I'm going to try to be better this year than I was last year. I just ended up getting really depressed about the whole situation, but I'm hoping I can pull out of it this time around. We'll see!

 WE’RE GOING TO THE WORLD SERIES BABY!! GO YANKEES!! OK, so I didn’t stay up and watch the end of the game, but I’m glad they’re going nonetheless. Today is finally Friday and I, technically, get to sleep in tomorrow morning depending upon what time Chris has to get up to go to work. That boy could use some sleep for sure! But I know if we have some spare time, he wants to go see Kill Bill. Today’s lunch consists of leftovers from last night’s meal. I baked boneless, skinless chicken breasts along with potatoes & carrots – all sprinkled with some Lipton Onion soup mix & garlic salt. It turned out quite nice indeed! Unfortunately, there weren’t any carrots left over from last night’s meal, so I have to run down to Au Bon Pain at around Noon to pick up a little something to accompany my chicken and potatoes.

 I’m really excited today since I can get a large soup for just $3 from Hale & Hearty Soups!! I’ve been looking forward to it since that tall strange man shoved the institutional green flyer at me yesterday afternoon. I was about to tell him off until I heard exactly what he said. Then I’m like “Hell Yeah!!” On a sad front, there was the whole State Island Ferry accident yesterday afternoon. Luckily, I don’t like on Staten Island and to be quite honest, I’m not sure why anyone would – it’s entirely too far away!! On a good note, after Chris is done with orientation today (around 4 pm) he’s free to go home and sleep his little heart out. He’s done well this week working both jobs, etc., but I noticed this morning that he didn’t roll out of bed in his usual chipper mood. I think this schedule is beginning to take its toll on him and I wonder if it will really ever get any better unless he quits one of these jobs. Looks like we’ll have to wait and see. Hey Bec, get your cats fixed - especially the male - unless you want him to start spraying in the corners. I hear you can never really get rid of that smell. Well, off to my discounted soup . . .

 Hey Donna boo. I see you've been very busy these past few days. You should dismantle that push cart for what it did to you. No push cart will ever hurt you again! Not too much has been going on around here. Work is keeping me busy. But it pays the bills, so I refuse to complain! Mr Lovan Tomas (my kittie) is about to lose his manhood. Roni and I have finally saved enough pennies that we can now take his hairy ass to a doctor that works out of his back yard. Just playin. But we are castrating him. That'll teach him to sniff ass around our house. Well, I guess I must get back to work now. I hope your week is so great you'll need two days to recover.......I love you!!! Becca Lynn

 I’ve never considered myself a sports fan. I mean, I’ve gone to a Mets game, but that was over a year ago (August 2001). During that outing, I purchased: a Mike Piazza jersey, the commemorative beer cup and various eats/beer that tinkered on the verge of $100 for the day. I had a blast, but it was an expensive outing nonetheless. Fast forward to the ALCS 2003: NY Yankees vs. Boston Red Sox. I’ll admit that I’m not glued to the TV as soon as it comes on, but I’ve actually been pulling for the Yankees (Amanda pulls for the Red Sox). Chris and I actually sat down Saturday night and watched one of the games – OK, so he fell asleep while I watched the game. And I was just as shocked as everyone else when a fan reached out and snatched the ball away from the Cubs preventing them from making the 2nd out in the 8th inning in last night’s game. I’m no diehard, but I’m wondering where this newfound interest in baseball is coming from. Incidentally, last night Chris ending up having to work a little late at the Westin due to the Red Sox coming in. They always seem to stay at the Westin, which is nice for Chris since they tip well, but their luggage rolled in shortly afterwards and they ended up doing room drops. But as long as they tip well . . . By the way, if you’re keeping count, today’s lunch will either consist of a chicken, broccoli & cheese hot pocket or (if I’m being bad) a salad, which will cost about $7. IN THE NEWS: I just read “Rome Rocks to Mother Teresa, the musical.” And then I read another story where a 9-month pregnant woman chased a 4-year-old kid around a McDonald’s restaurant and rubbed hot French fries in his face after he spilled ice cream on her shirt. What is this world coming to, I ask you? Ok, so in case you are unaware, I read news websites all the livelong day while at work trying to keep myself occupied. I do work when I have it, but for the most part, I have enough spare time to visit about 10 to 12 news sites a day along with other sites.

 Today's lunch is leftover pork chop, corn & scalloped potatoes from last night. Good stuff! I've been busy today at work, which is not exactly the norm around here. Chris has been super busy with all of his working - and as John W puts it, his luggage/baggage fetish. It looks like we'll actually get to see each other this Friday evening, which makes me a very happy girl! Don't know if anyone has checked out Courtenay's blog, but I like to take a look every day as it appears to be much more interesting than my life right now! I'm planning to get a package together to send to her of NYC tourist stuff and if I can find something unique, I'll throw that in there too. Ok, off to take a small walk outside since it will probably be the only sunshine I'll see today. Oh, I just found what I'm going to get my 2 bosses for Bosses Day this Thursday: the Gourmet Orchard Basket from 1-800-flowers. They're really into this eating healthy stuff!

 Monday, Monday, boring Monday. It was so quiet at work that I nearly fell asleep at my desk. Sad, but true. Ah, living in NYC - isn't it glamorous? Amanda is coming over tonight to watch Monster House and wrestling. Last night, I had the strangest dream: I was driving through these small narrow streets all over this city. Which city, I have no idea. Finally, I park my car and I end up at this diner where they're serving po-boys with sausage, peppers and mashed potatoes & gravy - all on the po-boy! And I'm upset because they're taking forever to take my order when there isn't anyone there. I remember saying how it had been a whole 30 minutes and they just keep staring at me. Why won't they take my order?!? I think I woke up around 4:30 am with a stomach ache and feeling nauseous. Maybe it was from the po-boy.

 I have done pretty much nothing this weekend. Too much to drink Friday evening means recuperating all day Saturday. No more wine!! Beer is safe, wine is bad! Thankfully, Chris took care of me. By the way, my leg hurts so much from Thursday's fall on top of the push cart. It has been throbbing like crazy! I couldn't really take anything for it Saturday since I figured I would just throw it up. Today, today will be better . . .

 Today's lunch is cheese ravioli w/tomato & basil sauce from Caccina below Rockefeller Center. Not bad, though it could use more tomato sauce. It has a slight kick to it. Today is finally Friday and I did NOT start the day off on a good foot. To start with, I was bringing laundry back last night in the push cart & with the army bag on top of it when the cart tipped over and I fell on top of it. I didn't fall all the way down, though my right shin is quite bruised today. Then, this morning at Au Bon Pain, I dropped a couple of quarters then a $5 bill. When I went to pick up the money, I lost my balance and kind of fell, but not all the way (again). Embarrassing, but at that point, I just didn't care anymore. I took my everything bagel and went & ate my breakfast at my desk, only I kept dropping my container of cream cheese on the way back from the kitchen. I just hope no one gives me a child to hold today! I'm afraid of what I might do! On the job front, Chris started orientation today at the Mandarin Oriental. This whole thing has moved so quickly that he hasn't had time to work out what he'll do with his other job at the Westin. Luckily, he's off for a few days and doesn't have to worry about that until Sunday morning. Ok, got to go down to the messenger center in our building to pick up a food order. Until tonight . . .

 Well, Chris just got a new job - luggage attendant at the Mandarin Oriental New York Hotel at Columbus Circle. He starts orientation tomorrow morning. Everything with this new job has happened very quickly. He still has his job as a luggage attendant at the Westin Times Square. He isn't sure how or what he's going to do just yet about the Westin. He could work there just part time, but he's planning to work the Mandarin Oriental full time as they pay much more per hour. Otherwise, I guess not much is happening up here. We're going out tomorrow night to the Moroccan tapas bar to wish Gerard & Judy all the best in Washington DC. Well, until tomorrow . . .

 Hump day, hump day & feeling a little better day! I think my mixture of Robitussin & Nyquil is doing me some good finally! I'm about to head to lunch with some of the girls I work with. Laurren is leaving for California next week and she'll be gone for a month. We're either going for Thai or Indian food. Speaking of food, we're going to a Moroccan tapas bar on Friday to wish our friends, Gerard Judy & Monique, all the best when they move off to Washington DC. Gerard leaves this Sunday and Judy & Monique will leave in a month. OK, it's off to the Thai place . . . yum!!

 Well, it's Tuesday and I think I'm feeling worse by the day. Whatever I have is about to slam into my chest, so I've decided to put some 'tussin on it. We'll see if that clears it up. Bec, I've taken a consensus and I don't think you should give Bryant a Mohawk. Turns out that parents really don't appreciate that sort of thing, but if you've got the balls . . . Chris has decided to pay tribute to our friend Ray by dressing up as a transvestite Viking for Halloween if we can find everything he needs. Don't worry, I'll send pictures! You know, I haven't been to the Fair in years & I absolutely love the Zipper or whatever they're calling it this year. Ironically, I'm terrified of the Ferris Wheel. Go figure! Well, the weather isn't too bad. It gets into the lower 60s during the day and into the 40s at night. I still can't figure out if what happened over the last 2 or 3 months up here actually qualifies as a summer. I'm dreading the winter this year. Last year was especially rough on me. Nothing beats a good ole Louisiana winter - or really a Louisiana anything! Looks like I'm a bit biased, but who can blame me? ~ Donna

 Oh look!! I found it!!! I so smaut....so smaut. Hope it doesn't get too cold up there! Guess what's coming to town this week! The FAIR!!!! Yes, the fucking fair! How great is that? Maybe you could help me....convince Cat and John to let me dress Bryant up as Mr. T. Complete with mohawk and gold chains......yes? Come on...you know he'd be the coolest kid ever!!!!! Love you! Becca

 Chris & I are going to a concert on Halloween night with a girl that I work with - Olivia. Olivia and I are dressing up. We have wings and wigs - the rest is still kind of up in the air. I think Chris and I may go pick out his costume this weekend. I found out this morning that our friends Gerard & Judy are moving back to Wasington DC. We haven't seen them since April & now I find out they're leaving in a week - time flies! I was supposed to go over to Amanda's apt. last night to watch Smackdown (wrestling), but I don't feel well and really didn't feel like standing out on the (elevated) train platform waiting for the subway. And wouldn't you know, I walk outside today and can see my breath. I guess it's out with the denim jacket and in with the leather coat. Where has our summer gone I ask you?!? At least it's Friday! I can sleep in tomorrow!! And Becca, Dr. Pepper at 8 am? I'm scared to ask what you're currently eating for breakfast. It's probably twinkies, chips or twix bars!

 Good morning, Donna! How was your coffee? My Dr. Pepper was amazingly refreshing so early in the morning. But you've been up for much longer than I, eh? I hope your Friday is great. Don't you love Fridays? I LOVE Fridays! You've got the whole weekend!!!! Love y'all and miss you already! See you soon! Love Becca

 Well, this is my very first post! I just got home from work in midtown Manhattan. It seems that no matter where I live, I do the same thing - put on my pjs as soon as possible! Creature of habit, i guess. I'm hoping that my future blogs will be more exciting. Maybe after my mixture of Theraflu and Nyquil kicks in, things might get interesting. We got back Monday night from a little trip to Rayville for a friend's wedding - Brad. We had a blast, we just didn't get any sleep! Well, I guess we'll sleep this weekend. Can't wait to go home for Christmas, maybe even get to see more of my family & friends this time around. Well, till next time or unless something astonishing happens tonight . . .

 I just found the coolest website for ordering urlLink 80s t-shirts and memorabilia for all of you holiday shoppers out there. That's all I really have today since I'm on cleaning duty today. I've already done part 1 of dishes and I have just a few more to do, but I ran out of drying space. Go figure. Stupid small apartment. After my coffee and then shower, I'll be off to do laundry which I have done in nearly 2 weeks. Good thing I stocked up on underwear last time I was in Louisiana! I've discovered that visitors to my website who are using a Macintosh have trouble clicking on my links. I will eventually get the links added to this blog site so that you may access pictures from here. Unfortunately, I don't know a lick about html code as I've just been winging it up until now. I'll have to find out more since the "easy-to-use" wizards that I used to set up these sites is no longer available to me. So much for resting a bit and sitting pretty. Time to get back to work and learn me something. Who knows, if I figure it all out, maybe I can work something out with the Natchitoches Times (newspaper) so they can update their own website and I can read all of the local hometown dirt from the comfort of my leather Administrative Assistant's chair on the 36th floor Rockefeller Center. Perhaps I can teach Becca when I go home at Christmas and she can update their site and thereby pay her more money. Note to Becca - discuss with Charles! You never really know until you ask. And this way, they won't have to contract the job out.

 Thanksgiving! Good! Just Cindy & me for Thanksgiving day, so we ended up drinking, eating and watching the Clean Sweep marathon and then Divine Secrets of the Yaya Sisterhood. Ok, so it was a chick-flick kind of day. We had a good time, though. Chris had his turkey dinner on Friday and then we ordered in Chinese Friday night. ENOUGH TURKEY!! Gay as the day is long - check out this website for “ urlLink Smittens .” Need I say anything else? Anyway, we all remember the Mel Gibson movie Conspiracy Theory right? Well, they must have based the movie on this guy. Check out this website. I admit that I haven’t finished reading the whole thing since it’s 10 pages long and I have a life, but I read over the first 2 pages. Maybe this guy needs to make a visit to a mental institution. urlLink http://www.drunkbastard.net/resume.htm This next little link is just interesting. As a woman, I keep a lot of junk in my purse, but it’s always fun to see what other women have in their purses. Check it out at urlLink http://www.poeki.net/bags OK, I really need to do laundry today, but I’ll probably wait until tomorrow since Chris will be at work. Looking around my apartment, I think maybe I need to do a little cleaning as well.

 It’s Pre-Turkey day!! All I have left to get are slivered almonds and a small aluminum-roasting pan. That’s pretty good for me! Cindy took Jackson to the halfway point to Albany where he’ll meet his grandfather and spend Thanksgiving. Tomorrow, she’ll come over and we’ll have a girlie turkey day! I think we’ll be cooking everything at my place, but since we’re basically cooking for 3, there’s not a whole lot to do. I read about this root from Peru that I see all the time at the grocery & produce stores in my neighborhood. It’s called yacon and it’s a root that scientists say is “good for the gut, potentially safeguards against cancer, helps absorption of calcium and vitamins and can lessen the blood sugar peaks from eating sweet food that are a problem for diabetics. Though packed with sugar, its principal appeal to the health conscious lies in the fact that the sugar in question is mainly oligofructose, which cannot be absorbed by the body.” (courtesy MSNBC.com) Last night, I was surfing the web and came across this link to an anti-rape patent. I’d seen it before, but now that I have an outlet for sharing crazy things with others, here ya go: http://www.levins.com/asm-7.html urlLink

 Hey big donna!!! It's Thanksgiving again. And what are we gonna do this year? That's my big question. The concert was so f*ck@ng awesome. We got to meet all three bands. After the first band got off stage we went to talk to them and me and Roni were talking to the bassist and the lead singer and then Trevor and Jacob walked off. Roni and I, not wanting to be rude and just walk off too, stood there and talk to them for a few minutes, until Trevor and Jacob came back and told them not to take their girls from them. So, that's pretty exciting, we got hit on by two band guys, hot ones too! I'll have to show yo the pictures as soon as I can figure out how to get them on the computer. But the bad thing was the ride home. Soooo close to Natchitoches and that poo-nanny of a trooper had to make his quota. It's gonna cost me $162, but I think I figured out a way for it not to show up on my insurance. I shouldn't own a car. I don't know what's wrong with me. Everytime I try to be the bestest driver, something stupid always happens. (cough*cough*LOSER*cough*cough) Mom's cooking stew for us for lunch. I'll eat two bowls, one for me and one for you! Christmas is coming up so fast! I can't wait for everyone to be home. We should definately take some pictures. Well, its time for you to work, young lady, and it's time for me to pretend to work. Tell Chris to take it easy big pimp and I'll see you oh so soon!!!!! Love you, Becca

 Too busy to post yesterday from work and I couldn’t access the site once I got home, so here I am today with the updates you’ve all been waiting for: We are now the proud owners of Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers, the extended edition. Who’d have guessed? Probably anyone who knows Chris, that’s who. We had a good weekend. We watched 28 Days Later on Friday night and just hung out and ate popcorn. On Saturday, we headed to Best Buy to pick up our latest round of DVDs. On Sunday, Amanda and I went to Union Square to the Christmas Market. I got a new scarf, which is just the coolest. I also got this little herbal heat/cold pack that I’ll probably give as a Christmas gift to one of my grandparents. Then we went down toward Houston Street to watch the cute guys playing street hockey. So worth the time! Last night, I realize that I hadn’t done my Thanksgiving shopping for Thursday, so it looks like I’ll be running around looking for a turkey breast today and maybe tomorrow. If I can’t find a turkey breast, then we’ll be having ham. Every year before this, Chris has always gotten a turkey from the hotel. I wonder how much this is going to cost? I wrote that last little bit yesterday, so I can now tell you that a 5 lb. turkey breast cost just under $10. And let me just say that pine nuts are quite expensive! My recipe calls for a mixture of pine nuts and slivered almonds. I found the pine nuts, but I still have to go get everything else for my Thanksgiving meal. I can’t help but feel like I’m stuck in a state of frustration these days. It comes from many angles, most which I cannot openly pinpoint on this public blog. Into my private journals they will go. I’ll be going home in just under 1 month. Yeah! I’m looking forward to it, but I also don’t like flying alone. Not much I can do for that though. I hate leaving Chris behind, but at the same time, I can’t let a free ticket home go to waste – not that I want to! I think my plan this time around is to take as many pictures with our digital camera as possible. I’ll bring our video camera, but I want lots of digital pics! On Monday’s AP: Border agents last week landed a meaty bust, seizing 756 pounds of bologna arranged into the shape of a car seat and covered with blankets in a man's pickup. Also, Media mogul Ted Turner has taken a small step to demonstrate his belief that women should run the world because men have "mucked it up" with too much warfare and military spending. I first read this yesterday evening and I’m not sure exactly what to say about it except, maybe that’s what he deserved. See for yourself: PARTICIPANT AT KKK INITIATION WOUNDED AFTER SHOTS FIRED INTO SKY. JOHNSON CITY, Tennessee (AP) -- A bullet fired in the air during a Ku Klux Klan initiation ceremony came down and struck a participant in the head, critically injuring him, authorities said. Gregory Allen Freeman, 45, was charged with aggravated assault and reckless endangerment in the Saturday night incident that wounded Jeffery S. Murr, 24. About 10 people, including two children, had gathered for the ceremony. The man who was being initiated was blindfolded, tied with a noose to a tree and shot with paintball guns as Freeman fired a pistol in the air to provide the sound of real gunfire, Sheriff Fred Phillips said. A bullet struck Murr on the top of the head and exited at the bottom of his skull, authorities said. Freeman fled the ceremony but was arrested near his home, authorities said. He was released on $7,500 bail. (courtesy CNN.com)

 The sun is a beautiful thing. It’s so nice to see sunlight. I realize this must seem a strange statement to my friends and family back home, but with all of these tall buildings here in the city, you don’t actually see the sun. I’m so glad that today is Friday! It felt weird not having to wake Chris up at 4 something this morning, but I automatically woke up anyway. Once I remembered that Chris was off today, I turned back over and drifted off to la-la land. Well, it’s official: The “naked photographer” has been captured in Ohio. This guy, who happens to be a staff lawyer for the state House, ambushed women in order to take pictures of their shocked expressions. Huh? He was charged with public indecency and assault, posted bail and was released. He was then rearrested the following day when investigators searched his home and found incriminating photos, which led to charges of felony kidnapping and gross sexual imposition. Police think he kept these photos as souvenirs. Just goes to show you that being a pack rat can be a bad thing. There is a story on WNBC.com concerning the death of a college student who died after riding on top of a subway train last weekend, the 6 train to be exact. The stupid thing is that someone did the same thing in October. They died. This most current subway surfer wasn’t alone. Another student died instantly of a fractured skull. The tunnels here in NYC aren’t like those that I’ve seen in Washington DC. In DC, the tunnels are huge. Here, they’re just big enough for the trains to fit through. In sad news, also from WNBC.com, an elderly man was killed by a street sweeper after being crushed and possibly dragged after the sweeper backed up. OK, I read this one and started to pass it up, but I just couldn’t do it. In the Manhattan Supreme Court, celebrities honored jury duty at the Court’s Juror Appreciation Day. In the presence of other famous New Yorkers -- Regis Philbin, James Earl Jones, Ralph Lauren – Twyla Tharp danced, Judy Collins sang, and Jon Stewart joked. Seems silly enough, but read the urlLink article . I read an interesting article on MSNBC.com about resistance to the Patriot Act. To be quite honest, I don’t know exactly how I feel about the Act myself, but I thought it was a good read, so check it out. urlLink http://www.msnbc.com/news/996267.asp?0cv=CB20 People magazine has named Johnny Depp as the Sexiest Man Alive. I agree. To lose one pound, it is necessary to cheat the body of 3,500 calories — say, 500 a day for a week, or 350 a day for 10 days.

 Not much happening in my world today, thus far. It’s a rainy day here in the Big Apple, but it’s getting brighter outside. If you have access to BBC America (the TV station) and you like shows like Trading Spaces, then you should watch Homefront in the Garden on Wednesdays. You’ll have to check your local listings, but it comes on at 8 pm here. They don’t just re-do your typical garden. What they do is amazing and somewhat mind-blowing. It’s only a 30-minute show so it’s quick to see results. I watched the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show last night on TV. I love lingerie, so I had to watch. They had some very interesting pieces showcased. If only my closet was big enough . . . There’s a story out on the web about a guy in Ohio who is in jail on forgery charges. He struck a deal for them to table his transfer from a local jail to a state prison all so that he could watch a football game on TV over the weekend. The place where he’s going doesn’t have TV for inmates. Interesting fact courtesy of NYTIMES.com: Berlin is the world's first major city to switch from analog to entirely digital television broadcasting. The transition went almost unnoticed in Germany or elsewhere, which is remarkable, given that in the United States, the same process has been bogged down by politics. On a poll on CNN.com this morning, the question was raised “Are you shocked by the charges against Michael Jackson?” Not surprisingly, 93% weren’t shocked. Go figure. That’s really all for today. I’m going home for Christmas one month from today. I don’t like leaving Chris alone during Christmas, but I can’t pass up a free trip home either. I can justify my guilt by reminding myself that he’ll be working the entire time anyway. It’s a good thing Mom & Dad have a new calling plan that allows them to call nationwide for no extra charge. Hope they’re not surprised when they get their bill and find that I called Chris at 3 am local time every morning to wake him up. Oh! And I’m working on filling out my insurance forms for re-enrollment for next year. Pain in the ass, let me tell ya!! Well, it’s getting closer to lunch time - time to post. I think Dawn & I will be heading to Au Bon Pain today. She wants a salad and I think I’m going to get a tuna sandwich. I’ve had soup at least 3 times this week. I’m tired of soup. Watch me end up getting soup.

 By now, you’ve surely seen or heard the stories that Michael Jackson’s estate, Neverland Ranch, was searched by investigators on claims than another 12 or 13-year-old boy was molested while on the property. Police came armed with an arrest warrant with Jackson’s name along with 60 to 70 investigators. From dangling babies over the side of balconies to admittedly sleeping in the same bed as young children that he brings into his home, it’s about time someone or some agency investigated this man. I’ll agree that he was all the rage in the 80’s, but there is a limit! Oh, and I was watching the news this morning as I’m getting ready and I see that a few Wall Street brokers were arrested for taking commissions on deals that never went through. Bad brokers. Can’t really feel sorry for them since what they did was wrong and I see them as being a money-hungry type of person anyway. I guess it really doesn’t surprise me that they’ve finally been arrested. On the war front, Chris & I have a friend who is in the Marines, Jeremy Lewis. He’s like 20 to 40 days away from getting out, but his group has been pulled to go to Iraq. I don’t know how long he’ll be there and I’m not sure he really knows either. Once he finishes over there, he’ll come back home and then he’ll have an additional 90 days left to complete. Then he’ll finally be released. I’ll be happy when that happens. Interesting fact for you on this rainy Wednesday: The United States produces more carbon dioxide than any other country by far. Each American, on average, generates about 45,000 pounds of carbon dioxide a year. That is about twice as much as the average person living in Japan or Europe. I read a story this morning on how women are getting their feet surgically altered in order to wear fashionable shoes. The surgeries are actually medically necessary or would be at some point. They are for removing corns, calluses, bunions, correcting hammertoes, etc., which I can’t knock. I think it was the quote at the end of the story by flight attendant Gloria Diaz: “I don't care what my feet feel like," she said. "I will wear a beautiful shoe no matter how much it hurts if I have to, but now it doesn't have to hurt!" (courtesy MSNBC.com) OK, and finally for one of the most insane things I’ve heard/read lately: Hip-hop magazine, The Source, has accused Eminem, the rapper, of racism. He allegedly said, “Black girls are dumb, and white girls are good chicks” on an album that dates back to 1993. On the tape, he was rapping about his breakup with his black girlfriend. He said that he made it out of frustration right after their breakup. I’m not saying that he didn’t say this, but has ANYONE listened to his songs? Is this suddenly the only outlandish thing he’s done? The guy has been sued by his own mother – enough said. He’s always been followed by controversy. It’s what he does best. Wait, I just read something else that, well, as Jerry Brown puts it, “makes your bootie wink”: A Texas baby is recovering Tuesday, one day after doctors at Schneider Children's Hospital in New Hyde Park created an anal opening for him. Chief of Pediatric Surgery Dr. Alberto Pena performed the rare anorectal surgery on the 10-month-old baby boy Monday. The operation was teleconferenced live to Hadassah Hospital in Israel, where about 80 surgeons from Israel, Greece, Turkey and Italy watched. Pena developed the procedure and has done about 1,700 anorectal surgeries since 1986. He says the problem is a birth defect in which the anus and rectum do not develop properly. This type of malformation affects one in 5,000 newborns annually. (courtesy WNBC.com) And finally, on this day in 1863: President Abraham Lincoln delivered the Gettysburg Address.

 So far, today is a much more relaxed day than yesterday. However, I now have my “irk” of the day: I booked roundtrip tickets for someone that I work for. I was given the dates by someone else. Flights booked, itinerary printed, placed in folder & given to traveler. Today, I find out that they never went on that trip nor was it cancelled. We’ve lost the money on that trip and we really can’t do anything about it. I feel like yelling at the person who gave me the dates because she looks at me all innocently, but I’m not going to yell or really say anything because it wouldn’t do any good. In truth, she could have given me the correct dates and I just screwed everything up myself. Who really knows at this point? Luckily, it wasn’t one of our most expensive trips. Instead, I’ll just take a few deep breaths and try to think about other things and how I can make this whole situation better. But I still want to hit something. In breaking news: the Massachusetts' highest court today ruled that the state couldn’t deny gays and lesbians the right to marry. The court stopped short of allowing marriage licenses to be issued to the couples that challenged the existing law -- and gave the state Legislature 180 days to find a solution. (courtesy CNN.com) Interesting development considering if one state allows same sex marriages, then all states must allow them. I’ll be curious to see how this one ends. We’ve all heard of jelly bracelets. We wore them in the 80’s (a-la Madonna style) and they are of course making a comeback. However, in some of the local schools here in NYC, the jelly bracelets are associated with a game called “snap” in which different colored bracelets represent different sexual acts. In some variations of the game, a yellow bracelet symbolizes hugging; purple means kissing; blue means oral sex; and red means a lap dance and if someone breaks a bracelet, he or she is entitled to a sexual favor. I, for one, cannot believe this! Its nuts! These kids are like 12 and 13 years old. They’re KIDS! They’ve likened to a modern day form of spin-the-bottle. You know, I hate to admit it, but of the 2 or 3 times I played spin-the-bottle, I always hoped it would never land on me! I hated that game!

 WOW! I am tee-total tired! And yet, well, actually I was going to say something along the lines of: since I've been so busy or since I haven't been able to devote more time to my blogs as of late . . . but truthfully, I just feel like blogging one more time on this lovely November Monday. Amanda is coming over in about an hour to watch wrestling with me and I can't decide if I want to cook or not. To be honest, I really don't want to cook, but I don't necessarily want to spend the money on take-out. OK, that's not quite right either. It's really "ordering in" because we all know at this point in the day, I'm not getting dressed again to go outside. My feet hurt. Darn boots. Nothing too exciting is happening in my life right now. Chris is working, working and I'll get to see him again on Friday - except for the 20 minutes or so I see him during the 4 am hour to rouse him out of bed by scratching his back. Maybe that's why it takes him 4 tries to get up, but probably not. I mean, if I only got 4 hours of sleep a night 5 days a week, it would probably take many tries before I got out of bed. Don't know how he does it. Berg, our cat, just threw up on the living room carpet. Gee, thanks. Darn hairballs. Which reminds me, but I can't really remember if I blogged about this the other day, anyway, this lady brought her 3-year-old child to a doctor to have a huge hairball removed from the girl's stomach. Turns out that she has that disease that makes you pull your hair out at the roots - urlLink Trichotillomannia . Kind of crazy - and that was what I was reminded of just then. Thanks Berg! Hopefully someone has learned something today - even if it's only that there is a disease out there for pulling out your hair. Good boy! Down Berg - don't attack. He's such an angry cat. Alright, now I'm heading off to order in some supper. It'll either be pizza or Chinese. Probably Chinese.

 Busy, busy again today. Laurren is back from California! I got her some Gerber daisies and made a sign that said “Welcome Back Laurren,” which I colored with crayons yesterday evening while I was watching JFK. I’m kind of glad that I watched that movie when I did because today I’m watching the Today Show on NBC and they interviewed Lee Harvey Oswald’s brother. Can’t remember exactly what year JFK was assassinated, but it’s getting closer to the anniversary (40 years, I think) so, of course, they’re re-hashing everything. Good movie if you like that sort of thing. I do. Anyway, the weekend went pretty well. On Friday, Chris and I went out to eat at Uno Pizzeria and then watched Matrix Revolutions. Both excellent! We brought our new camcorder along to play with so that we could learn how to use it. On Saturday, we went to Best Buy in Queens and bought like 5 movies along with a carrying case for the new camcorder. Always much fun at Best Buy, but you can’t stay in there too long or Chris will go nuts! On Sunday while Chris worked, I stayed home and did some light cleaning and that was about it. I rested as much as I could since I figured that today would be pretty busy since I have lots of presentation materials to get out this evening. I may be staying late today . . . Interesting read on ABCnews.com: a British multimillionaire will hand over his infant to a gorilla for a night of baby-sitting. He says that’s kind of how he grew up, only odder. Very strange man indeed and I’ll be surprised if there aren’t any protests, but we can only wait and see. In a story out of Shreveport which I found on CNN.com, it is reported that Southern drawls & accents have thwarted voice recognition systems used to route non-emergency calls. I guess we’re just too complicated for their high-tech systems!! OK, I must go find something good for lunch today – hopefully something warm instead of just a sandwich or salad. Later kids!

 As I walk down the hallway to get my morning cup of coffee here at work, I feel like I’m on a ship in the high seas. The building is creaking and moaning. Luckily, since I’m an avid watcher of the Discovery Channel, I know the building is supposed to move in high winds. Keeps the whole things from toppling over. I would say that I’m not sure what to make of the Senate’s 40-hour talk-a-thon, but realistically, it’s just a big publicity stunt that has wasted time and taxpayer dollars. It all has to do with the approval of Bush-backed judges. According to Senator Rick Santorum, "Never in the history of the United States Senate have we required more than a simple majority to confirm a judge. And now, this year, the Senate Democrats have decided they're going to raise the bar to 60." (courtesy CNN.com) I think that pretty much explains it in a nutshell and I don’t know if I even want to spend more time on this silly little subject, so I won’t. Not enough time to get into everything I’d like to right now, but we got a new camcorder yesterday. Chris surprised me with it! Good boy! P.S. Christie, from yesterday's blog, is Chris's cousin. Oh! And Mom is being released from the hospital as I type. Nothing but rest scheduled for her this weekend - and I think she deserves it after all she's been through!

 CONGRATULATIONS! Christie & Bruce Bolton had a little girl: ANNA BELLE BOLTON at around Noon yesterday. She weighed 7 pounds 14 ounces. I’ve been a busy little bee here at work lately. Tired as all get out by the end of the day. The only good thing about it is that it makes the day fly by – that and we’ll be getting end of the year bonuses and raises soon, so I’m hoping someone is taking notice of all of my hard work. Mom is doing well and getting better. She’ll either get out of the hospital today or tomorrow. The weather is supposed to be dropping throughout the day today and very windy – gusts up to 60 mph. I guess we have it easy though since Los Angeles is getting pelted with hail and snow. I didn’t know that it even snowed in L.A. What is behind all of this crazy weather? There’s not a whole lot happening in today’s news – at least that I’ve had time to read anyway. One little tidbit though: the women of Wal-Mart are posing for Playboy. I guess eventually, they’ll also have the women of Target and Brookshire’s. OK, back to work to make more travel arrangements.

 Another rainy day. Yuk! Good news is that Mom is doing well after her surgery. I’m hoping that they eventually give her solid foods or she might get cranky. I know I would. This morning as I’m trying to get Chris out of bed to go to work, he tells me that I’m being mean to him. However, he didn’t mention how nice I was to him the prior 3 times the alarm went off. I even scratched his back on the 3rd attempt to get him up. I’m a little hurt. I was reading a story in the Offbeat News section of CNN.com about new protests against Naked Sushi night at a restaurant called Banzai in Seattle. A model wears nothing but a thong and a couple of strategically placed flower petals. Plastic wrap is then placed over her torso and then the sushi is placed on the plastic. This little event takes place once a month at the restaurant. I’m totally sure how I feel about this issue. The protestors argue that this degrades women and will promote violence against women. On the flip side, the restaurant and patrons alike claim that this is a work of art. Seems that some children in Brooklyn found a US Army issued missile launcher in a trash can in their neighborhood. An adult took it away from them and dropped it off at a police station. Luckily, the thing was inoperable, but could you imagine?!? Of course, were would we be without the shock of the day: millionaire Robert Durst was found not guilty of murdering 71-year-old Morris Black of Galveston, TX. He actually admitted to killing him, hacking his body up into pieces and then throwing them into Galveston Bay. He then fled from Texas and returned to move the head since he thought it could be used to identify the victim. After doing that, he winds up in Pennsylvania with $500 in his pocket but steals a $5 sandwich. Caught, extradited to Texas and the rest is history. The catch is that the jury was asked to find him guilty or not guilty of murder – and no lesser charge. The defense claims that Durst killed Black in self-defense. The jury agreed. They couldn’t really take into account the actions of Durst after Black was killed only that he died as a result of an accident and it was not intentional. Talk about shock and surprise! Even Durst couldn’t believe it! How often does someone kill someone else, admit to killing them & dismembering the body and get away with it? I mean, I can see how he got off on technicality and to be quite honest, I almost think it was brilliant of his lawyers to take that gamble, but it was just that – a big gamble that ended up paying off. Oh! And I learned a new term: BIN (booger in nose)

 Mom is going in for a hysterectomy today. About time, too! The only down side is that she won’t be able to do any lifting for about 6 weeks. I’m happy that she’s finally getting this done, but I wish I could be there anyway. I’m not sure if anyone has ever heard of exploding manhole covers. I had never heard of it until earlier this year and living in NYC, many (paranoid) people this it is terrorism related. It’s actually due to a buildup of steam or gas. I’ve never actually seen it happen, but I remember when they started exploding on 5th Avenue once. Today, they’re exploding in Queens, but not where I live. OK, so I’ve moved on to looking for Thanksgiving dinner recipes. I’ve printed out 2 different menus: A Simple Feast for a Small Gathering & Light and Healthy Thanksgiving Dinner. I think I’ll read over both and go with the one that looks least complicated. Not sure if I ever revisited this piece, but a few days ago, I wrote that there is a new British Royal scandal that has been shrouded in mystery because no one is allowed to divulge any details. Well, the rumor around the mill is that Prince Charles might be bi-sexual or he had a bi-sexual affair with one of his former servants. Of course, this could all be BS and I think it is BS. I’ve been trying to read up on it and it seems that there are so many rumors floating around; seems like the press has been feeding the flames by printing “what ifs” boosting their sales. I just think its funny that there is another British Royal scandal, but no one knows what it is and yet there is all of this denial and lawsuits to block the press from printing it, etc. Crazy!! In other news, at least six Brazilian prisoners suffocated in a sewer after an attempted escape from the Sao Paulo State Penitentiary on Sunday afternoon, the state Security Secretariat said. In all, it is reported that 87 inmates tried to escape. They believe that there are another 7 prisoners who are dead, lost in the myriad of tunnels and pipes. As part of my job here at Sentinel Real Estate Corp., I work on a fund called SB Partners. Many times people need to re-register an account or they sell their interest in the fund. When that happens and the original holder of the account is deceased, they must supply us with a copy of the death certificate. Interestingly enough, I always seem to find myself looking at the death certificate to see what they died of and how old they were. I got one the other day and the cause of death was “organic brain syndrome.” What? OK, so I’d never heard of this disorder so I turn to the Internet to answer all of my newfound questions. Turns out that this is just a generic term for the things that happen to your body as you get older or by definition “Organic brain syndrome is a general term which refers to physical disorders that cause a decrease in mental function, usually not including psychiatric disorders.” Examples are degenerative disorders (Huntington’s disease, Multiple Sclerosis, Alzheimer’s, etc.), Cardiovascular disorders (stroke, etc.). OK, so the list actually goes on and on, but you get point. It’s basically anything that happens to you when you get old that decreases your mental capabilities. So, by request, on my death certificate, please have them put under cause of death “stopped breathing and she won’t wake up.” That should sum up the problem. I found a very interesting website for all of you who have ever wondered: Where does my poop go? So check out the link below. It’s kind of a long read, but not too bad and you’ll probably have a few questions answered by the end of the article. Enjoy! http://www.portlandmercury.com/2002-12-24/feature.html Oh, and thanks Becca! You made me blush a little! I'm very glad our family is so close and we can share in each others joys and sorrow and be there for each other. I love you and can't wait to see you in just over a month!!

 Donna - you are the most beautiful woman in the whole wide world!!!! All we can do is pray. I love you and I miss you. It's so good to hear your voice after a week like this. I'm glad that our family is so close. Nothing will ever tear us apart. Chris - word up. Love, your little sister

 Cacky is safely back in Roxie, MS taking care of her aching and sore husband, John, who was in a car accident this past Saturday night. Luckily, he’s just sore and no more. We had a great time with Cacky during her trip. We went out to eat Friday night and then to an Irish pub for some live music where a homeless/bag man came inside to dance to the rhythm of the night. He made friends with some guys who bought him drinks. Of course, the more he drank, the more he kept trying to go on stage. The bar keep, James, finally had to tell him to either sit or get out. On Saturday, we hit the stores while Chris kept Jackson. Jackson scored 2 video games out of the deal. We were done with shopping around 4:30 pm and then went home to get ready for dinner & the Upright Citizens Brigade (UCB) later that night. Good times indeed! I’ll be adding the pictures under the Gallery 3 link on our homepage, but for some reason, I was having problems adding pictures this weekend. I’ll try again later. As far as the stress meter is concerned, things are pretty shaky all around. Just when things seemed to be getting better, we’re hit with another curve ball. I’m hoping we can make it to the end of the game before one team calls forfeit and walks away. Only time will tell at this point. I’ve been so busy today at work that I really haven’t had a chance to go full throttle at my blog today, so until tomorrow . . .

 This has been the longest 5 days in my entire life!! I’m so glad this week is over! I’m mentally drained from it all. OK, so no harping on the grief for now. I need to be in better spirits. I have a long night ahead of me. It’s harder for me to stay up late on Friday nights because I get up so early to get ready for work. I’m looking forward to that 2nd wind later today. Unfortunately, I won’t get off in time to go to the airport with Chris & Cindy to pick up Cacky. For now, the plans are to meet up around 7 pm at Cindy’s apartment. We’re going out to eat at a place called The Copper Kettle and then we’ll go to Tailor’s Hall for drinks afterwards. I’m sticking to my usual beer regiment so that I won’t puke all day long tomorrow. On Saturday, we’ll go shopping. We’ll end up at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater for a couple of shows later Saturday night. Can’t stay out too late Saturday because Chris has to be at work at 7 am Sunday. A commuter’s tale: I was on the subway yesterday on my way home from work. The train was packed and I was standing, holding onto a bar. Whoever was driving the train must like to watch people jerk back and forth – that’s the conclusion most of us came to anyway. We were in the tunnel beneath the East River on our way to Queens when we suddenly jerked to a halt. At first, I was still standing and then someone started to fall. It was like this whole domino affect and the lady standing next to me was about 3 times my size. I think I hurt my right kidney. I later slammed into her when the train conduction jerked to a halt again just before Queensboro Plaza. Luckily, everyone was in a good mood and there were no words exchanged, which is a rarity here in the Big Apple. I’m not even sure exactly what category this next bit falls into, but for weeks, newspapers have declared they know a dark rumor about the British royal family that could bring the monarchy down —but they could not print it because of Britain’s tight libel laws. The bomb finally looked set to go off this week, when the Mail said it was ready to print a 3,000-word scoop based on the testimony of an ex-royal servant — but was blocked at the last minute when another former servant sued. (courtesy of MSNBC.com) So there’s all of this brouhaha of what Prince Charles did, but denies doing, but no one will say what he did or didn’t do. Confusing!! And in Malaysia, the government will restrict the importation or publishing of books judged to be too scary because they could be a bad influence, a minister said. The restrictions would apply to books with elements of mystery, fantasy, the occult and superstition that were "calculated to entertain by frightening" the reader, Deputy Home Minister Chor Chee Heung was quoted as saying Thursday in The Star newspaper. "These materials will create an unhealthy picture on the minds of the readers, and influence them by such far-fetched ghostly stories," Chor was quoted as saying. Turns out that all media is high censored in Malaysia. (courtesy AP)

 Today is a brighter day in many ways! For one, it’s almost Friday, which means that Cacky will be here tomorrow! Chris is off work tomorrow & Saturday. I have a feeling that he’ll be sleeping most of the day tomorrow until we go pick Cacky up from the airport. I hear that the US Mint will be releasing an updated version of the nickel in 2006. The front will stay the same, but the backside will be one of two designs: a handshake or the Lois & Clark longboat. It’s about time the nickel got proper recognition. On the web: There will be a total eclipse of the moon on Saturday. At the peak, the moon will hang in the night sky like a dark, reddish-orange coal. The eclipse reaches totality at 8:06 p.m. Saturday night, EST. That stage -- when the moon, Earth and sun are lined up precisely and the moon passes through the darkest part of Earth's shadow -- lasts just 24 minutes. (Courtesy of CNN.com) I just read an article about a new reality TV show titled “Can You Be A Porn Star?” with 28 women competing for $100,000 and a contract. It looks like you’ll only be able to watch the show via pay-per-view. It seems people will do anything to get on TV these days! Weird but True (courtesy New York Post): Canadian biologists puzzled by a mysterious, underwater sound think it could be herrings farting. “It sounds like a high-pitched raspberry,” said Ben Wilson of the University of British Columbia. Makes me wonder what goldfish sound like . . .

 Well, while things are still chaotic for now, but there is a silver lining and a glimmer of better days to come. All’s well that ends well, isn’t that how it goes? On the work front, Chris is tired working double shifts 5 days a week. I told him again last night (again) that if it’s too much on him, to quit one of the jobs before it starts taking its toll on him. On my job front, we get a pizza party today since they ran us ragged last week getting about 5 presentations out the door. I suddenly feel like I'm back in high school. And this Friday, Cacky is coming to visit for her birthday weekend!! Friday can’t get here fast enough! Not too many things happening on the web today, but I did find the link below. It will connect you to some ridiculous but true lawsuits from over the years. It’s a quick read and you’ll probably laugh your bootie off or snort on a few of them. Enjoy kids! http://channels.netscape.com/ns/atplay/laughable.jsp?floc=ap-main-1-L1

 And the frustration continues. What good can I do from here? What good would I be if I were there? As it is, I feel like I’m chasing something that doesn’t want to be found to begin with; something that doesn’t want to see or talk to me. I find it strange and discomforting. It’s never quite been like this before. I know things are rough right now and will be rough for a while. Why do I feel like I need to help fix this situation? Human nature, I guess. I obviously can’t do a thing for anyone from here. So I’ve decided to call in some reinforcements. I need someone with more experience, more understanding with words of encouragement & Yaya wisdom. I need someone who has been in rough spots herself. And then all I can do is cut the cord, so to speak, and wait because that’s all I’m really allowed to do from here. Helplessness sucks. It would be so empowering to say that I’d NEVER allow myself to feel this way again, but let’s face it; I didn’t really have a choice in this matter to begin with. Why is it when we’re upset we shut everyone we love out of the picture? Why can’t I be in 2 places at once? Alas, I cannot help heal the world when it wants to hurt and needs to hurt. All I can do is be here to help pick up the pieces when the time comes to move forward. God, please give us the strength and patience to get through the rough seasons of our lives. So on a lighter note: In the news: The Defense Dept. has settled a lawsuit with Linda Tripp for $595,000 for a Privacy Act violation. The 1974 Privacy Act prohibits the government from releasing unauthorized personal information about individual Americans to nonfederal organizations. Lucky duck! In hopes of adding excitement to its patrons' nightlife, The Cutting Room, a bar in New York City, is mixing drinks with Nexcite, a Swedish import marketed as an herbal aphrodisiac. I’ll take some libido on the rocks, please! On Netscape.com, I read about 20 kooky ways to save money. Whoever wrote this article is obviously smoking crack. Check it out for yourself at http://www.bankrate.com/nsc/news/cheap/20031024a1.asp

 There are many things that happen to us in life that we simply don't understand. We don't know why we feel the way we do. We don't know why we look the way we do. Many times, people feel the need to "fix" what they feel is wrong in their lives. And while that isn't a bad thing, it sometimes turns out to be not quite as easy as we expected. Plan A doesn't quite work, but Plan B doesn't really work either. So in the end, you take part of Plan A and part of Plan B and you come up with Plan C. No one said Plan C would be easy. No one said Plan C would be completely pain free and happy and full of rainbows & kittens. Sometimes Plan C hurts and sometimes, it hurts a bit too much. In the end, it may not work at all even though it showed such promise in the beginning. In despair, we try to "fix" it once again. This time, we don't want people to know that Plans A, B, and C didn't work so we tell them everything is fine; "I'm still on Plan A! Everything is A-OK!" But what the masses don't know is that you've secretly been working on Plan D, which turns out worse than all the rest. Only this time, Plan D isn't an easy thing to let go or control. So the masses step in and try to help - try to "fix" things as well. Did they ask to help? Where were they when everything was going so wrong with Plan A and Plan B? Where were they then? How come they didn't put their two cents in when Plan C was in motion? It pisses you off; makes you angry. How dare they try to fix what they don't know! Who said they have the right? But, who says they don't? At what point in your life and your troubles do you realize that what you've been doing isn't working anymore? What makes that realization an easy one? Where is the guidebook of life that's supposed to explain everything and make this world happy and beautiful once again? Geez! So many questions and so few answers do I have beating down my door. I just want to stand up and scream ENOUGH!! I'M DONE WITH THIS BULLSHIT! IF YOU HAVE SOMETHING TO SAY, JUST F**KING SAY IT ALREADY! But then I come back down to reality and I realize that that won't really do anyone any good anyway. Where is my magic wand? Who borrowed it? I want it back! I want puppies and ice cream and rainbows again. I want picnics at that spot on Hwy 165. I want coke floats and to chase butterflies at dusk with a net I made out of an old shirt and a wire clothes hanger. I want to listen to Kenny Rogers in that big ugly brown van again. I want to go skinny-dipping with that boy down the street trying to catch a peek at us doing cartwheels off the side of the pool. I want to go fishing again in the woods behind Mr. Witty's place. I want to go back to Gulf Shores and watch the sun set and then rise and then set again. I want to eat dill pickles at basketball games in that old gym and then sneak back into the music room while no one is watching us. I want to sneak out at night and go into the circle and sit under that tree until we get chilly again. I want to stand in the sand in the Red River while my toes disappear. I want to make slightly pornographic mud pies on the bottom of my red wagon again. If life were this simple, we would still be 10 years old and riding our bicycles everywhere. Why were in such a hurry to grow up? Make things our own? All I can do now is to make my life what I see in my daydreams. To make life as fun and exciting for my nieces and nephews as it was for me. This is what I have to promise myself. To get myself through the day; through the week; through the month; through the year. Through my life that is now, well, my life. I want to make life fun again and if I can't wave my magic wand and be 10 again, then I can make life fun for them again. That's what matters anyway, right?

 Drama. Not too much drama, but enough to hurt your stomach a little; that’s how my weekend ended and my week started. If I could, I would wave a magic wand and all would be right & good in the world. As it is, I can only sit on my hands, make phone calls (wait for them to call me back) and pray that all will be OK in the end. Even though I’ve been calling to try to help, I think I’m just adding to the stress of the situation. I hate being so far away during these tough times. If only I were rich enough to take off for about a month to help out. Perhaps in my next life . . . And yet I feel so helpless even though I know there’s pretty much nothing I can do from here. I’m frustrated, very, very frustrated. On a livelier front, Cacky will be coming in this Friday for her birthday weekend in NYC! We have a few activities planned, but nothing too major as Chris will have to go to work early Sunday morning (7 am). We have plans to go out to dinner, an Irish pub, shopping and, of course, the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater. Everything else is pretty much up in the air. I would write more, but I’m afraid I’m a bit preoccupied and can’t seem to grab hold of a complete thought, so let’s just make comments on today’s news! I’m sure by now everyone has heard about the California lawyer who was shot at point blank like 5 times. Amazing video! Talk about a disgruntled client! On Sunday, I watched Sean “P Diddy” Combs run the NYC marathon. He ended up raising over $2 million for NYC schools so I can’t really shoot down his efforts as just another publicity stunt. In truth, I like P Diddy – his music and most other of his business ventures. He seems like a stand up guy anyway. And in case you haven’t heard, Minnie Driver (the actress) is planning to work in a Cambodian sweatshop in order to help improve working conditions and pay for people in poor countries. She’s planning to bring a photographer along and they’re hoping to make a documentary or write a book about the ordeal. OK, so now I have to question whether she’s doing this for poor people or poor Minnie. In case anyone would like more blogs to read, there is one (www.bigwhiteguy.com) in which this Canadian white male who is now living in Hong Kong recounts his adventures of living in a city where the “tax rate is unbeatable” and he sees “things most people on dream of seeing.” This site was featured on CNN and is good to read in case you just don’t have enough to fill your day. Yes, I say live vicariously through the Big White Guy!! Why not? It’s cheaper than going there yourself! Ok, now off to order Chinese food from Chef Ho Dumpling House!!

 Wow! We saw it all last night, I think! We went to a Widespread Panic concert at Madison Square Garden, which was the 1st time any of us had been to MSG. We had a great time but you should have heard some of the comments as we walked through the Times Square subway station on our way to the concert. Chris was a Redneck Alien Trucker and Olivia & I were Angel Sluts. Don't know if that's what we had in mind when we picked out our costumes, but that's what we ended up with. Check out the pictures in Gallery 3 - we saw: a glow worm, cheerleaders, fairies, butterflies, girls scouts, scooby-doo, 80's man, princesses, the Pope, Hawaiian girls (I mean, men), chicken man, the gingerbread man, candy corn, walking Christmas trees, Goth girls, Austin Powers, devils, cat women, stop light girl, TV man, etc. You name it, we probably saw it! Including the guy I spotted in nothing but a speedo. Thankfully, that one wasn't too close to where we were sitting! At one point, I went to the bathroom & Chris went to get beer. I come back from the bathroom & Chris is standing up there placing his order while some girl is trying to kiss him. She liked his Alien Redneck Trucker teeth. My wings broke just before the end of the concert, but I think I can repair them. My feet were hurting so bad by the end of the night & we ended up walking like 10 blocks from 33rd Street to 42nd Street trying to catch a cab. Never found one! We ended up squeezing onto the 7 train at Bryant Park and taking it into Queens and transferred to the N train. Got home just before 2 am. All in all, good times all around! OK, off to soak my aching feet! And to store my wig & wings until they're needed once more in this City of Dreams.

 I started thinking about the movie Fight Club after an earlier conversation with a co-worker. Then I started thinking about what a Single Serving Friend is. Then I thought about my latest Single Serving Friend. Ernest, I think his name was. I met him on the flight from Atlanta, GA to Alexandria, La. He was going to Natchitoches, coincidentally, to see his daughter, Erica (we'll call her), for her 18th birthday. He began telling me how she didn't finish high school and quit in like either the 9th grade or 11th grade. She now works for a small local fast food joint. My new friend, Ernest, has been trying to convince his daughter to come visit him and his family in either Boston or Germany. A little history: Ernest and this woman were never married and he is now remarried and living in Boston. His new wife is German and they go back to Germany occasionally. Anyway, I was telling him how I'm glad that I got out of Natchitoches for a bit. Even if I eventually ended up there, life is certainly worth the experiences. You can always go back home, but some opportunities won't wait on you. So I told Ernest how I thought leaving was one of the best things I ever did. Not the easiest, but it has helped my grow in these 2 1/2 short years that I've been here. I certainly enjoy going home and I certainly wish I could be there more often for all of the little things, but what can I do really. I go home as much as I absolutely can. I enjoy every minute of it because I know I have to tell them all goodbye at the airport. Airports make me cry. I'm usually teary-eyed for the first leg of the trip, which is only an hour long. But it's a new year (almost) and new vacation days are coming - except the ones that I "borrowed" to go home for Christmas. By the way, New Year's is tomorrow night. I am not going to Times Square in case you were wondering. And I know you were. Last year, Chris's parent were here, so it was fun to go out. This year, Chris is working and Cindy has a date. Dick Clark, here I come baby!! It's you and me this year! If I can stay awake that long.

 I watched the Michael Jackson interview where he said that he was manhandled by the police, etc. What can I say really but, ARE YOU CRACKED OUT MICHAEL?!?!? Jeez! I'm sorry if this offends anyone, but the dumbass is lying. Interestingly enough, M&Ms will phase out color in 2004. The company says that this is an effort to turn over a new leaf and gain market share. In early 2004, the only colors available will be black and white. They will then run a contest 4 or 5 months later reminiscent of the golden ticket from "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory." They will produce 6 bags of colored M&Ms - all candies in each of the 6 bags will be the same color. One bag each for: yellow, orange, red, green, blue, and brown. Click urlLink here to read. I read an article on Time.com about whether or not the draft should be reinstated. The thing is, with the attacks on the World Trade Centers and the Pentagon, Chris and I had to sit down and have a serious talk about the goings on up here in NYC. At that time, there were many anthrax threats as well as the possibility of smallpox or something like that. I forget now that it's 2 years later. In the news: Tammy Faye Messner, the ex-wife of televangelist Jim Bakker, says she may pick up some tips on make-up from the male transvestites she'll appear with this Friday. The former Tammy Faye Bakker will host Drag Bingo in Durham , to raise money for the Alliance of AIDS Services Carolina. (courtesy urlLink WNBC.com )

 So my efforts at trying to post each day of my Christmas vacation failed miserably. Sucks for you, kid. All in all, good times indeed! Indeed. As reported, I held an alligator for the very first time in my life. Not so bad. My flights went well and during my 2 hour layover in Atlanta on the way back, I had an appointment with an endless bowl of chips & salsa from Chili's and a Corona. I ended up buying myself a silver band for my thumb. Momma likes. It was a WONDERFUL Christmas vacation!! I, however, have come to the realization that I cannot spend a holiday as important as Christmas away from Chris. I've been so out of the loop in the news world that I didn't even know there was an earthquake in Iran or mudslides in Utah, etc. In truth, I couldn't figure out how to work my Dad's satellite TV. I must admit that I'm a little ashamed of myself, too. I'm surrounded by technology and I can't figure out how to watch my favorite channels on satellite. Dumbass. I found this interesting little website of urlLink found notes . Neat site. You should visit. And then I found another site for someone who decided to take the whole cell phone matter into his own hands by " urlLink rearranging " it. And this next one is just about the scariest thing I think I've ever seen. urlLink Ugly sweaters, really fast . And for all of you with time on your hands: the urlLink Michael Jackson game. OK, so it's kind of lame, but you're the one who's bored. Not me.

 This week has gone by all too quickly and yet I can't wait to get home to see my husband and sleep in my own bed! I've had a great visit back in Louisiana. Santa was good to all! I have 2 nephews here in Natchitoches: 2 1/2 years old & 10 months old. I don't understand how my sister still has an ounce of sanity left in her body. My sister-in-law has 3: 5 years old, 3 years old & a 1 year old - all girls. I don't know how they do it! At times, I feel like I'm ready to have kids until I come to visit some of my nieces & nephews. Then I feel like waiting for another 10 years. They're exhausting, but I love them all! Today, we went out to Campti & Coushatta to see some of my aunts, uncles and cousins. It was so nice when the boys fell asleep in the car on the way back! Well, I guess I'm off again since my sister and her husband just came in. Time for more coffee and some awesome carrot cake made my very own loving mother!! Oh! And we had fried turkey yesterday for Christmas dinner! AWESOME!!

 Ok, so I've been home for about 2 1/2 days and I'm just now able to post. It's been busy so far. I can't comment on any news this time around as I haven't stopped long enough to watch anything on TV. As soon as I landed in Alexandria, La on Saturday, we ate at Cracker Barrel. Then, we drove to Rayville to go see my grandparents and my in-laws. We did a little present swapping, ate some good ole deep-fried chicken and then watched the Blue Collar Comedy Tour starring Jeff Foxworthy. Too funny! My sister-in-law, Cacky, recorded it from Comedy Central one night. Good work, Cacky dahlin, good work! I got all kinds of good stuff for Christmas already and it's only the 22nd!! I just want to point out that I haven't even worn my coat since I landed. It's been in the 50's or 60's during the day. Crazy!! Oh! And I held a couple of alligators just about an hour ago. I took a picture with them, too! Their snouts were taped shut so they wouldn't bite anyone. My little nephew, Bryant, was a little scared of them but he stuck it out for the pics. This morning, Mom, Dad & I got in the car to go to Shreveport for a little shopping. The car didn't want to start, but Dad coaxed it and it came to life. We took it back to the dealership since they've only had it about a month. Turns out that a rat crawled up in the engine and tried making a nest. It chewed through a few wires, which had to be replaced. Ended up costing about $130 plus tax. And about 2 hours of our time. However, I must say that Moffit Mazda is just the nicest car dealership you could possibly pick. Alright, Dad's making some cheese toast which happens to be an old favorite of mine, so I gotta go. Until next time . . .

 Sorry, boys & girls, for the lag in posts, but we've been dealing with a family situation. I haven't really been surfing the net lately. I haven't really been able to concentrate on one thing. However, Chris and I did manage to clean out our closets last night. Instead of sharing the closets, we've decided that we would each have one closet each to ourselves. I think we're officially a married couple now. For the most part, even though we've been married for over a year (and living together for about 5 years before that), it still feels like we're roommates. But, things are beginning to move toward the other spectrum. Chris flew out to Louisiana this morning for a funeral. He'll be back in the Big Apple Friday afternoon. We'll have Friday night together and then I fly to Louisiana on Saturday morning for a little Christmas vacation with my family. I'll try to post from there, but if I miss a day or two, we'll all somehow survive, I'm sure. I plan on getting my hair cut and add more blond highlights while I'm down there. It's just cheaper, damn it. It amazes me that quite a few women that I work with spend about $150 on their hair each time they go. And they go very regularly - about every 8 to 10 weeks. Insane! I've nearly finished my Christmas shopping and I'm very proud of myself, if not a little astonished by my power-shopping ability. If I don't finish buying gifts up here, then I'll have to finish shopping at my old buddy: Pecanland Mall in Monroe, La. I used to work at Deck the Walls (picture frame shop) when I first started college. Great times!! Pecanland has always been good to me. Last time I was home, my mother-in-law (Daisie, we'll call her) and I went through like 6 stores in less than an hour. We're animals! But I must confess, I really can't keep up with her when she's going full steam for some long-term shopping. I don't know how she does it. My Mom used to be the same way. I just haven't shopped with her lately, so I don't know if she's slowed down any yet. Must send a big shout out to COURT as I was mentioned on her blog the other day. You should definitely read her blog along with the others that I have linked to the right of this post. I wouldn't waste your time. I promise. As a matter of fact, I was inspired in some way or another by each one. Wow! I've just discovered that you can actually bid on eBay for your very own urlLink Imaginary Online Girlfriend . What the f*ck?!?The bids range from $3 to $50. I wonder how much I would pull in? And I'm sure you've heard that: urlLink MIT SCIENTIST PENS WORLD'S LARGEST BOOK BY FAR (courtesy Foxnews.com) A 133-pound tome about the Asian country of Bhutan that uses enough paper to cover a football field and a gallon of ink has been declared the world's largest published book. Author Michael Hawley, a scientist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, said it's not a book to curl up with at bedtime Ã‚Â— "unless you plan to sleep on it." Each copy of "Bhutan: A Visual Odyssey Across the Kingdom," is 5-by-7 feet, 112 pages and costs about $2,000 to produce. Hawley is charging $10,000 to be donated to a charity he founded, Friendly Planet, which has built schools in Cambodia and Bhutan. Here's a cool link to the most realistic drunk simulation I've ever seen. urlLink Click here . OK, off to eat a broccoli chicken & cheddar Hot Pocket.

 It snowed again today! Of course I decided that I needed to get some shopping done today, so I trekked 15 blocks in the wind and snow down to Steinway Street to buy clothes for my nephews for midnight Mass, which happens to be at 10 pm this year. Huh? Oh well, more important things to ponder these days. Ok, so after the clothes for the boys, I then decided they needed shoes. Cowboy boots for Bryant it is then. Alright, so I trekked the 15 blocks back to my apartment to meet Cindy and Jackson. They were only here for about 30 minutes before Chris called me. "Please don't hate me," he says, "but I left my resignation letter for the Westin at home and I need you to bring it to me. By the way, did you know it was snowing?" OK, so at 3 pm, Cindy & Jackson scooted off and I headed into the city, dropped off the letter, stole a kiss from my man and then hopped on the 7 train and went to Amanda's to help with her holiday cookies. Home by 7 pm to watch WWE Armageddon. Busy day. Tomorrow is our company's holiday party. I usually end up drinking a bit too much wine at this thing and then dancing my socks off. I plan to stick to beer this year in the hopes of no hangover!! Wish me luck! There's always an after party, which I have yet to make it to. The bad thing about this whole deal is that we have to go to work the next day. Half show up and out of those half, they show up late. I'm surprised they show up at all. In case I don't get to post tomorrow, I would like to say: HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAD!! I'm going home to Louisiana this Saturday for a whole week! I'm pretty excited, but I'm exhasted thinking of all the things that still need to get done before I leave. And, I still need to finish getting 11 more Christmas gifts. I'm sure I'll be having a Bloody Mary just as soon as they pull out the beverage cart on the 8 am flight to Atlanta from NYC. By the end of the week, I'll have deserved it twice-fold. Before I hit the publish button, I just wanted to say: THEY CAPTURED SADDAM HUSSEIN!! FINALLY!! GO USA!

 Well, I had lunch today at Takashimaya with Dawn and Andrew and I didn't get a chance to post earlier so I emailed it to my home email address. Somehow along the way, probably in our company firewall, I lost my original blog. Since I got home, I've been surfing the Internet and these are the KICK ASS links I've come up with today: urlLink Font on Font action (nerdy, but fun at the same time) If you ever need company, just keep urlLink this window open on your desktop urlLink Virtual Bubblewrap because everyone loves bubble wrap God knows what this is. But it feels like urlLink LSD in HTML form urlLink Desperate Diners Attack Trapped Fat Lady With Plastic Forks Cool urlLink optical illusion

 Wow! There really isn’t jack shit happening in the news world so far today. Well, a few things, but nothing I’d like to comment on. However, last night, I found the link so that you, too, can get your urlLink 2004 Horoscope ! Lucky you! So go and find out what the New Year has in store for you! The 12-year-old boy who accidentally killed a 6-year-old girl three years ago will finally get a new trial. I’m sure you remember this one. His defense said that it was an accident as the boy, Lionel Tate, was trying to mimic wrestling moves he’d seen on TV. He was tried as an adult, found guilty, and has served 3 years of a life sentence without parole. Personally, I don’t think he should have been tried as an adult in the first place and, luckily, they’ll now give him a new trial because the court failed to evaluate his competency before the first trial. Good for him! I just think he really didn’t mean to kill that little girl and he had no idea he could hurt her that bad. Kids that age have no idea what mortality is and all the like. I can’t believe that his attorneys let him be tried as an adult in the first place. I got a call from my former boss, Walter LaRose, this morning so I wanted to give a shout out to all of my friends in MONROE, LOUISIANA!! Oh, and another fun gadget website can be found by clicking urlLink here .

 You are Juan Moreno!! urlLink Which Completely Random Person Are You!! brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Just wanted to share this awesome website with everyone: urlLink Charles Weever Cushman , amateur photographer and Indiana University alumnus, bequeathed approximately 14,500 Kodachrome color slides to his alma mater. The photographs in this collection bridge a thirty-two year span from 1938 to 1969, during which time he extensively documented the United States as well as other countries. http://webapp1.dlib.indiana.edu/cushman/index.jsp On the main page, click on "browse" and then you can pick which way you'd like to browse the pictures. Enjoy!

 So yesterday started off a little rough and it ended about the same. After work, I walked the 1 block to the train station, swiped my card, hopped onto the N train that had just pulled into the station when an announcement came over the system: “Due to an earlier stalled train, the N and W trains may or may not be running into Queens. We won’t know anything until we pull into 57th Street. To get to Astoria, Queens, take the downtown train to 42nd Street/Times Square and take the 7 train to Queensboro Plaza and then transfer to the N or W train.” Ok, all well and good except that we sat there for about 10 minutes before everyone started going upstairs, crossed the street, back downstairs to wait on the downtown train platform. I, on the other hand, seized the opportunity to do a little shopping, as I needed to find a pair of pants for our company holiday party. So I did my thing and walked away with 1 pair of black pants with a nice ribbon detail and 1 glittery pink shirt that I’ll probably exchange as I now have pink glitter all over me, still. After my shopping, I went back to the train station on the downtown side. No train. I then walked to Times Square (about 8 blocks) and took the 7 train to Queens. I got to Queensboro Plaza and they announced that all trains were arriving and departing from the upper level to go back into Astoria. Happy, happy, yeah, yeah as I was already on the upper level. Then, to everyone’s chagrin, a train pulled into the lower level and an announcement came over the system, “The train on the lower level will be going back into Astoria.” So hundreds of people were trying to make their way downstairs to get onto the Astoria bound train only to have the train conductor then tell everyone that the next stop on that train was Lexington & 59th Street in Manhattan. Well, F**k that!! Since there were no other trains in sight, I walked home from there, which took me about 10 minutes in my boots. Finally! Home at last!! OK, then it was time to get on the phone with Verizon’s tech support to try to figure out why we haven’t been able to get online since Saturday. Well, 45 minutes into the call and catching a glimpse of the light at the end of the tunnel, I got a beep on my phone. It’s Chris, so I flipped over to let him know that I was working with Verizon on our little problem. Oops! I hung up on both Chris and Verizon!!! Son of a B**tch! So I called Verizon back and 30 minutes later, we had Internet!! It was all the router’s fault. Damn router. And scene. There is a story on MSNBC.com about an order from the Pentagon barring those nations that were opposed to the Iraq war from bidding on reconstruction contracts in Iraq. I must say that I can both sides of the argument. On the one hand, why should those countries who adamantly opposed the war and who did everything they could to stop it be awarded contracts when they haven’t done the prep work that enables them to safely go into Iraq to rebuild. However, on the other hand, the US doesn’t own Iraq. Who’s to say the Pentagon should get to decide which countries are allowed to bid on contracts. Shouldn’t an order like this technically come from the UN? I’m afraid it all comes down to greed. Luckily, I don’t have to deal directly with this stuff, so I can keep my petty little comments in my blog and the world will be a happier place indeed. For those of you with a little time on your hands and you’d like to browse some gadgets, click urlLink here .

 Before I get into all of the lousy details of my day, let me first say: HAPPY 29TH BIRTHDAY BOB!!! Ok, so now I can tell you that I’ve had a hell of night and morning. It started at 12:15 am when Chris came home, dropped his bag off and went upstairs to Sergio’s apartment. Berg meowed at the door for the next 20 minutes. I screamed only 3 times, I think, from the warmth of my bed to SHUT THE HELL UP BERG!! Later, Chris’s alarm starts going off at 4:15 am, which is normal but I’m in such a rotten mood already that I can’t go back to sleep before the alarm goes off again 10 minutes later and then 10 minutes after that. Finally, he gets up at 5 am – again, this is normal. At about 5:25 am, it sounds like someone is hitting our radiator violently with a hammer. While some faint banging is a normal (occasional) occurrence, this sound was very loud. I nearly jumped out of bed. Within 5 minutes, our neighbor, Ms. Gertie, started knocking on all of the doors on the 1st floor to let everyone know that she didn’t have electricity. I finally lay back down only to have to get up to my own alarm at 6 am. Much to my dismay, the lack of Ms. Gertie’s electricity wasn’t the only problem our building was having: no heat and no hot water. Ah, a barely luke-warm shower it is then. Then it’s finally time for my morning cup of coffee only to go cold on me quicker than normal due to our freezing cold apartment. New York City! Ain’t it the life?!? I just read on MSNBC.com that Ozzy Osbourne had to have emergency surgery after an ATV accident. You can read the story urlLink here . Now, what we’ve all been holding our breathes for, the facts on the paper vs. plastic bag saga: Convenient and Everywhere Plastic bags were first introduced in 1977 and now account for four out of every five bags handed out at grocery stores. Americans make 2.3 trips to the grocery store each week. If people use five to 10 bags each time, that's between 600 and 1,200 bags per person per year. Stores usually pay less than a penny per plastic shopping bag, and 3 to 4 cents per paper shopping bag. According to the Grocery Industry Committee on Solid Waste, less than 1 percent of shoppers consistently use cloth shopping bags. Paper or Plastic? You Decide. Plastic grocery bags consume 40 percent less energy to produce and generate 80 percent less solid waste than paper bags. Plastic bags can take 5-10 years to decompose. Paper bags take about a month to decompose. Paper bags are made from trees, which are a renewable resource. Most plastic bags are made from polyethylene, which is made from petroleum, a nonrenewable resource. Two thousand plastic bags weigh 30 pounds, 2,000 paper bags weigh 280 pounds. A packed standard-sized paper bag can hold up to 14 items, an average plastic bag often holds 5-10 items. Research from 2000 shows 20 percent of paper bags were recycled, while 1 percent of plastic bags were recycled. But plastic bag recycling is growing as plastic lumber products become more popular.

 All in all, not a bad weekend. My calves and my right arm still hurt a bit, but they’re getting better. I think I’m weathering falls down stairs better these days. On Friday night, Chris and I braved the snow and 35+ mph winds to go watch The Last Samaria starring Tom Cruise. Excellent movie and I would definitely recommend it to everyone! I made chili this weekend – perfect timing, I think. We had it 3 ways: with cornbread, with cracker, and with Frito Lay corn chips all topped with shredded cheese. Just right, kid, just right. During filming in a remote area of Italy earlier this year for the controversial Mel Gibson film "The Passion of Christ," the actor who portrays Jesus was struck during a lightning storm, according to an October report in the trade paper Variety. Also struck was assistant director Jan Michelini, who had been struck by lightning at a previous shoot for the film, in Matera, Italy. None of the strikes created a serious injury. The film's portrayals of Christ and of Jews are expected to make it extremely controversial. (courtesy MSNBC.com’s Weird News) I really wanted to see this movie, but after these lightening strikes, I think someone up there might be trying to tell us something about this movie. On this day in 1941: Congress declared war against Japan a day after the attack on Pearl Harbor. (courtesy NYTimes.com)

 Well, we've just finished moving Sergio from Brooklyn to Queens in the 1st blizzard of 2003. He's moving into the apartment directly above ours. It wasn't too bad as long as you're ready for it. A few layers of clothes and some snow goggles and we're all set, thanks. Our living room radiator is popping and clicking right now. We would normally have it turned off, but it's been a little too cold lately. Today is the NATCHITOCHES CHRISTMAS FESTIVAL!!! I wish I were there! I hope someone had a funnel cake for me! Mom & Dad opted out of the festival to go Christmas shopping in Shreveport. Ok, off to take a muscle relaxer and melt into the couch. I didn't overdo the moving until I slipped down the stairs while loading Sergio's things into the new apartment. I didn't fall all the way down since I was hanging from the banister with one arm. Ok, off to melt now.

 They’re predicting 4 to 7 inches of snow here in the city over the next day and a half. Should be interesting to help Sergio move his stuff from Brooklyn to Queens in the snow. They said that it wouldn’t snow until later this evening, but it’s already coming down pretty good. Well, the flu is really kicking some ass this year! I would say that I’m glad I’ve already had my flu shot, but the strain of influenza that is killing people out there isn’t contained in the flu shot they’re handing out. Great! I got that stupid shot for nothing! All that anxiety! There is a story out of Lafayette, La. about a little boy who received disciplinary action from his school. The mother received a call from her son’s school informing her that he had used foul words. Once she saw the disciplinary form, she got upset because he hadn’t used curse words but told another student what “gay” meant. His own mother is gay and he was explaining what it all meant. The boy was scolded in front of his class, sent to the principal's office, banned from recess and ordered to attend "behavior clinic" after his conversation with the kid. The school says that it is all a misunderstanding and that he’s not being punished for discussing what it is to be gay, but because he was off task from the students’ lesson. Now, the ACLU is involved and is threatening the school with a lawsuit. OK, in my school days, nearly every kid was off task at some point or another. I have a hard time believing that behavior clinic attendance should be required if the issue is simply being off task. Someone’s blowing smoke. A man in Queens was issued a ticket for too much noise when his son’s balloon popped on the sidewalk. How insane is that? The man says that he’ll fight the ticket in court. I’m afraid I’m on this man’s side on this one.

 Hey Donna Boo - I just wanted to say hey before the weekend started. Guess what's happening this weekend?!!! THE 77th ANNUAL CHRISTMAS FESTIVAL!!!! Don't worry, I'll take lots o pictures and send the good ones to you. I hope you have a great weekend and tell Chris I said word. Love you! Becca

 So far, today has been a good day. It’s butt-ass cold outside, but what’s new? Chris doesn’t have to work tomorrow and I’m looking forward to his alarm not going off at 4:15 am. On Saturday, we’ll be helping his friend, Sergio, move from Brooklyn to the apartment directly above ours. Should be an interesting arrangement as long as I don’t hear any strange sounds from above. OK, so I’ve watched Fox’s “The Simple Life” starring Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie for the last 2 nights. I think my jaw hit the ground after last night’s episode. Their host family secured them jobs at a dairy farm. Now, this is their very first job in their entire lives and they’re going to work on a farm. I knew things would go wrong when they showed up an hour late and Paris carried her Louis Vuitton bag with her to milk the cows. At the end of their workday, they were supposed to fill all of these bottles with milk and seal them for the delivery truck that was on its way. After the owner walked away to tend to other matter, they proceeded to hide half of the empty bottles they were to fill and then they: spilled about half of the milk, added water to some bottles, got dirt in a few, etc. They then disappeared into the dairy farm owner’s home to sleep on his couch. Once he found them, he gently said that he would do better by himself, paid them each $42 for what little they worked and wished them the best in life. I have to hand it to the dairy farm owner because I would have cussed them to no end and then kicked them in their pampered asses. I must say that I thought they would have done better as far as jobs go. Next week’s episode has them working at Sonic where they proceed to put up naughty words on the marquee and then flip off passers by while wearing Sonic food costumes. We’ll see what happens next week. I’ve also been watching MTV’s “Rich Girls” starring Ally Hilfiger and Jamie Gliecher which, at times, can be just as jaw dropping when you see all of the things they do or can’t do. For instance, if I’m not mistaken, Jamie has someone do her makeup every morning. On the episode I watched last night, Ally was whining and crying to her dad about her childhood and then because she wants to be able to stand on her own 2 feet without her parents help. She then goes grocery shopping for ingredients to make nachos, but has to ask various people in the store what goes on them or what type of cheese to use. I must say that one thing I’ve noticed about these über rich people is that they lie around and nap a lot! In today’s paper: Five high school students pleaded not guilty yesterday to robbery charges stemming from a monthlong crime spree in which they posed first as female prostitutes and then undercover cops, to rip people off. (courtesy NYPost.com)

 Ok, it’s a long one today because I went home last night and found some interesting things on the Internet, but first, I’d like to make a correction to yesterday’s post. “A Simple Life” starring Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie is not an MTV production, nor is it showing on MTV. It is showing on the Fox Channel, though it is by the same creators as MTV’s The Real World, Road Rules, etc. Glow-in-the-Dark pet fish coming soon: The nation's first genetically altered household pet -- a fish that glows in the dark -- is set to begin appearing in stores next month everywhere except perhaps California, the only state with a ban on lab-engineered species. I’m tempted to get one of these fish just to see it glow in the dark, but I’m also afraid that Berg will make a quick dinner out of him regardless of how much it cost me. An Australian launched the latest accessory for pampered pooches Tuesday -- bottled water in flavors like chicken and corn, liver and bacon, or beef. The purified Dog Plus K-9 water went on sale in pet stores at $2.10 for 1.3 pint plastic bottle. "It's like a sports drink for dogs," said Andrew Larkey who thought up the idea. "Dogs get bored with plain water -- they deserve variety just as much as people." Larkey plans a similar line of drinks for cats, in roast chicken and pork flavors early next year. People can safely drink it as well, he said, but it probably won't be a hit with humans. "I've actually developed a bit of a taste for it myself, but I think most people's first reaction is to be a little suspicious," he said. He said each bottle also contains half a dog's recommended daily intake of vitamins B1, B3, B5, B6 and C. (courtesy AP newswire) Huh? I would ask who might be crazy enough to buy this BS, but I have a feeling people I actually know might buy this stuff. Scary, kids. Scary. A new study revealed the U.S. rate of teenage births fell a staggering 31 percent from 1991 to 2002. The rate declined from 62 births per 1,000 girls to 43 per 1,000. The study also contained some revelations on regional and racial differences regarding teenage sexuality and motherhood. New Hampshire had the nation's lowest teen birth rate in 2001, with 21 births per 1,000 girls between ages 15 and 19. The worst was Mississippi, with a teen birth rate more than three times higher, at 67 per 1,000. Interestingly, of the 11 states with the top teen birth rates, all but New Mexico require that abstinence be stressed in sex education. In all, 22 states have such laws. Overall, Southern and Southeastern states had the highest teen birth rates, while New England states, except Rhode Island, had five of the six lowest rates. Other findings included a marked racial difference as to whether girls and boys were equally likely to have sex early in life. Among teens who had sex before age 15, white girls were just as likely as boys to have sex. But black or Hispanic girls were less than half as likely as black or Hispanic males to do so. Hispanics had the highest teen birth rates, with nearly three times more than the 30 per 1,000 reported for whites. (courtesy NYPost.com) FOOD FACTS & FICTIONS (courtesy NYPost.com) Just in time for the holiday season of stuffing your face! MYTH: If you eat late at night, the food turns straight into fat. FACT: It's how many calories you eat - not when you eat them - that counts. MYTH: Foods like grapefruit, celery or ice-cold water can burn fat and calories. FACT: No food can burn fat. (If only!) MYTH: Raw vegetables are better than cooked. FACT: Cooking carrots and tomatoes helps to release cancer-fighting substances called carotenoids and lycopenes, so the body can absorb them more easily. In fact, packaged, heat-processed tomato products such as spaghetti sauce can deliver six times more lycopene than the equivalent amount of fresh tomatoes, according to the American Dietetic Association. What's more, some beans such as red kidney beans contain natural toxins, which can cause diarrhea if the beans aren't cooked properly. Boiling them for 20 minutes makes the food safe to eat. MYTH: Boiling vegetables is better than microwaving them. FACT: The longer you cook your food, the more nutrients it can lose. MYTH: Cravings are your body's way of telling you it needs something. FACT: You wish. Chances are, you're craving the pleasure and comfort you feel when you eat those foods - not a specific nutrient in them. MYTH: Any type of water is always better than soda. FACT: Although regular water is calorie-free, some trendy vitamin waters contain as many as 100 to 125 calories per bottle. Keep in mind that a 12-ounce can of Coca-Cola carries 140 calories. MYTH: Food labeled low-carb means it's healthy. FACT: Check the label: There's no governmental standard for low-carb the way there is for low-fat or organic, and even if a product touts that it's low in carbs, it may be packing in the calories. MYTH: Vegetarian meals are healthier than meat dishes. FACT: To compensate for lack of flavor, some meat-free dishes are loaded with sodium, fat and calories. MYTH: Nuts are evil and should be avoided if you want to lose weight. FACT: Although nuts are high in calories and fat, most varieties have low amounts of saturated fat, which is linked to an increased risk of heart disease. They're also a good source of protein and have no cholesterol. Lingerie becomes anti-drug weapon: They have tried aerial assaults and stiff jail sentences. Now Colombian officials have a new and unlikely weapon to combat the cocaine trade: push-up bras and thongs. Some 900 peasant women in Colombia are set to make racy lingerie and sell it to French supermarket chain Carrefour under a U.N.-backed program aimed at encouraging impoverished farmers and their families to stop growing drug crops. (courtesy MSNBC.com) I wonder if they get to keep any of the articles that they make? But then their problem might not be drugs but birth control. Oh well.

 It’s another beautiful December day! Olivia, who I work with, baked a cartload of sweets and brought half of it to the office. She even placed them in individual cellophane wrappers. And everything is wonderful! But she says that she’s done with her baking until Valentine’s Day. She made brownies, biscotti, cookies, candies . . . Amazing!! “The Simple Life,” an MTV reality show featuring Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie is set to debut tonight. The show is about these 2 rich and somewhat spoiled girls being dropped in the middle of rural Arkansas to live with a family. In the beginning, I don’t think the girls are told exactly what their living conditions will be. I think it’ll be fun to watch them adjust and to see some of their reactions to being asked to pluck a chicken or “checking” the cows. I know most people know what this means, but if not, it involves one of your arms, a long plastic sleeve to slip your arm into, and a cow’s rectum. Good times! And for all the men in our lives: DaimlerChrysler's Dodge unit is sponsoring a pay-per-view "Lingerie Bowl" during halftime of the Super Bowl on Feb. 1 featuring models dressed in lingerie playing a seven-on-seven tackle football game. The show will cost viewers $30. The teams will be coached by former NFL stars Lawrence Taylor and Eric Dickerson. (courtesy CNN.com) P.S. IT’S SNOWING AGAIN!!!! Flurries all week and nothing sticks, but IT’S SNOWING AGAIN!! OK, it quit snowing.

 For all of you Mac users out there, I added the links for Galleries 1&2 and then Gallaries 3&4 to this page. Please let me know if you can/cannot link to the pictures.

 To everyone who wished me a Happy Birthday or bought me flowers or sent a card: Merci beaucoup (French) Danke (German) Toda (Hebrew) Ashoge (Apache) Doh je (Cantonese) Tak (Danish) Thank ya (Texan) Mahalo (Hawaiian) Grazie (Italian) Arigato (Japanese) Danawad (Kashmiri) Komapsumnida (Korean) Gratia (Latin) Spasibo (Russian) Gracias (Spanish) Khawp khun kha (Thai) Sagol (Turkish) Or . . . THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU!!! I'm a very lucky girl indeed! I felt like a princess today and I didn't even have to pull out my tiara!! P.S. I wanted to share the e-card that Bridget & Yves sent me. urlLink Click here to watch!

 **H*A*P*P*Y** * **B*I*R*T*H*D*A*Y** * **D*O*N*N*A!!!!!!!!!

 December 1st – what a lovely day! Well, kind of. It started off sunny and bright and then turned strangely overcast and gray. Now it is just cloudy and looks like it might rain later. Ideally, it’s time to do some holiday shopping but it looks like I’ll have to wait until when (or if) I receive a holiday bonus. And if it happens like last year, that means that I’ll have a whopping 2 days to shop before I have to stuff it all in my luggage and hop on the plane bound for the South. I think I’m up to the challenge as long as I’m not sick during those 2 days. I recall a mere 2 years ago when I received my holiday bonus. As soon as I got off work, I hopped on a downtown train and picked up my wedding dress & tiara from the shop. I remember carrying it back onto the train and getting somewhat strange looks. I guess most people would have taken a taxi home that day, but what can I say? I was broke – I’d just spent every last penny I had on that dress. I think it’s balled up in some room at Mom’s house now. And since the wedding is now just a memory, I’ve decided on a new use for my tiara: I will wear it on each birthday from here on out (once I get it back from Mom & Dad’s house). If only I had it today . . . Ok, not much happening in the news, but I pulled this from the web word for word, so don’t go charging me with plagerism: A particularly curious statement by U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld’s at a press briefing won him an unexpected honor on Monday. Rumsfeld, usually renowned for his uncompromising tough talking, was awarded the “Foot in Mouth” award for a baffling message which probably left his audience in the dark, Britain’s Plain English Campaign said. “Reports that say something hasn’t happened are interesting to me, because as we know, there are known unknowns; there things we know we know,” Rumsfeld told the briefing. “We also know there are known unknowns; that is to say we know there are some things we do not know. But there are also unknown unknowns — the ones we don’t know we don’t know.” (courtesy MSNBC.com)

 Last night, some girls from work & I went to eat at Noche for Restaurant Week. [Sidenote: Restaurant Week is a week (or in this case, 2 weeks) when many of NYC's top restaurants offer fantastic meals for a low price. Since it is now 2004, the lunch price is $20.04. Last year (2003), the price was $20.03.] So, we go to Noche and have a lovely time. The food was OK; nothing to write home about. The place itself was spectacular and the service was fantastic! Pretty good time. Then, 3 of us (Abigail, Olivia & me) went to a farewell party for another co-worker at a bar/restaurant called Eamon's on 45th Street. Cozy little spot - very nice. I did a shot jagermeister, which I haven't done since about my senior year in high school. It tastes as awful as I can remember. Funny, when I took the shot, I remembered sitting around the kitchen table at Allison O'Con's in Natchitoches with a few other girls. We were all standing around taking turns taking shots of jagermeister before we went out for the night. I can remember riding in Allison's car, but I cannot for the life of me remember where we went that night. Oh, well, I guess. Couldn't have been too many places - it being Natchitoches and all. Otherwise, not too much happening. Chris is making his famous Open N-train Sandwiches that totally rock! 2 sandwiches: 1 ham and the other roast beef. Spicy brown mustard, mozzerella cheese, Swiss cheese, plum tomatoes. Baked open face until all the cheese melts. FANTASTIC!! Ok, gotta go eat!!

 My cat is evil. There's no other explanation. He must hate me and, now, I severely dislike him. If it weren't snowing last night, I might have thrown him outside. He woke me up at 2:30 am scratching on some boxes that we have set aside for Salvation Army to pick up on Saturday. Scratch, scratch, scratch. Spray, spray, spray with the water bottle. Doesn't really deter him much. He just hides behind the bedroom door and waits for me to lie back down and then starts all over again. My friend, Olivia, suggested a bitter apple spray they carry at the pet store. I'm all for it, let me tell you. He kept me awake for an hour last night. I had just enough time to fall asleep and wake right back up to Chris's alarm at 4:30 am. Fantastic. On the other hand, it snowed overnight. Boy, did it ever! New York City covered in snow - it's a beautiful sight. At first. As long as you remember not to stand too close to the buildings. Melting snow/falling ice from 50-odd stories up scares the hell out of you if you're not expecting it. It's also startling when it smashes into the windows of the 36th floor on its descent.

 Though yesterday ended better than it started off, I'm back in my dreary mood today. (You would have known all about that already if my stupid email hadn't gotten lost along the way) But luckily, I was finally able to access one of my favorite blogs: urlLink becca.oooo-caliente . Due to our company firewall, it wasn't letting me view her site, but thanks to some karmic slip - I'M IN!! Woo hoo!! I've missed her blog! Thankfully, I'm still able to access blogs for Court & Oz, so I'm up to date on their happenings in France & London, respectively. Now if only I could get to BigWhiteGuy from work. Well, I've decided that I would've never made it if I lived in Mauritana back in the day: Obesity is so revered among Mauritania's white Moor Arab population that the young girls are sometimes force-fed to obtain a weight the government has described as "life-threatening". (courtesy urlLink BBCnews.com ) I still weigh the same as I did when I graduated high school, so I'm afraid that I would have been kicked and spit on - and very poor. Thank goodness we live in a society that idolizes skinny bitches! Wow! It's snowing! It stopped. It's snowing again! And it stopped again. Make up your mind Mother Nature!! I'll have to change the beat of the music playing in my head to keep up with the changing weather. (from Norah Jones to Black Eyed Peas) OK, now where were we? Oh! This past weekend, Chris bought me How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days. It's so nice that he thought about me! Especially when he bought himself 4 more DVDs. Well, at least he thought about me. Point is, it's a really good movie and I so wish my life here in NYC was more like that: parties every night, flexible work hours, great clothes, Knicks tickets, diamonds the size of brussel sprouts dangling from my neck . . . Ah! Tis the life!! Interesting website that I got off of Oz's blog. Check out urlLink FactCheck.org if you've ever questioned claims made by any and all political bigwigs. Yes, they rip on both Republican and Democrat alike. urlLink Unconscious Mutterings Political:: Pig Concentration:: my forehead hurts Fish:: makes him sick Lunacy:: everyone I know Red:: sweater day Imply:: just say it, damn it! Recognize:: but what is your name again? Sexist:: most men I meet in bars Commercial:: money Stricken:: sick or poor

 I had this kick ass post for today that'd I've been working on since I got to work. Since I can't post from work anymore, I emailed it to my home address. It somehow got lost along the way. I'm a little say. It was a good one, I tell ya. I guess I can retrieve it from my sent items box tomorrow at work and re-try and also print it out. Geez!

 OK, so I haven't blogged like I usually do lately. Chris & I went to see Along Came Polly last night and it was a good movie. I guess I was expecting it to be a little funnier than it was, but it was still a good movie. urlLink Hey Ya Charlie Brown style. This next guy should just move into his local jail. And his smile is FANTASTIC! Click urlLink here . And for all of you world travelers out there, the urlLink Essential European Translator . urlLink Gummy Dongs - not for kids, but interesting nonetheless. interesting photos from news around the world. Click urlLink here .

 So we all know the pros and cons of Bush's State of the Union Address last night, right? Right. Why is it that politics can get people so fired up and that they feel the need to try to make me see their point of view? I used to be interested in doing something political. I remember going to the State Capital in Baton Rouge on a class field trip and loving it. Dreamed of one day working in that grand ole building. I don't know, one day I think it would once again be fun to work in the Capital, but I just can't stand all of the BS that goes along with it. It looks like Louisiana's wetlands will have a new spokesman: urlLink SNL's Mr. Bill . The effort to save Louisiana's eroding coast is about to get a new catchphrase: "Ohh nooo!!!" (courtesy CNN.com) Mr. Bill, SNL's clay character from the 1970s will be part of a campaign aimed at educating people, children especially, how Louisiana is losing its coastal marshes and swamps. Excerpts from the urlLink Northwestern State University crime blotter in Natchitoches, Louisiana. Just goes to show you that not much is happening. (courtesy currentsauce.com) 12-11-03 6:40 p.m. A student from Rapides called and complained that residents were smoking marijuana in a room on the 4th floor of the south hall. The room was unoccupied, but it was speculated that students were using the room to do drugs. A statement was taken from the RA, and no drug paraphernalia was found at that time. 10:11 p.m. Two NSU students were caught engaging in "extracurricular" activities inside their car in the tennis court parking lot. They were advised of university policies and left campus. 12-12-03 10:49 a.m. A call was made from the Columns regarding a young man in possession of a gun removing the weapon from the couch and proceeding to take it in to his bedroom. 12-13-03 12:04 p.m. A wreck on Tarlton Dr. did not result in any serious injuries, but one victim was transported to the Natchitoches Parish Hospital by request. 3:18 p.m. A female tried to run over a male at the light on College and Caspari in front of the flower shop. 12-14-03 2:53 a.m. The TKE's were told to leave their house. 5:21 p.m An Iberville worker called to report students having a food fight. Check out this link for an urlLink SNL opening hosted by Robert Deniro.

 Not much going on in the world, but I wanted to send shouts out to urlLink Oz & urlLink Court . I can see that they've hit a lull as well - at least until this weekend. Stuff always happens on weekends. I'm working on updating my main page, so check it out by clicking on Chris & Donna's webpage to the right. Oh! And shout out to Faye the Bookie. She f*cking rocks! But due to her request, I cannot post her webpage. It's too graphic for all of you innocent souls out there. OK kids, off to eat some chicken with mixed vegetables. Deliveryman is here! Yeah! I'm starving!!

 Nice long weekend. I needed it. On Saturday, Chris & I went to Down the Hatch with Olivia, Michael, Derrick, Anne & Caroline. $18, about 10 or 12 pitchers of beer later & too many hot wings to count, we left Down the Hatch and took in the 9 pm show at the UCB. Pictures from our outing are in the Gallery 4 album. My stomach did NOT like me the next day! Nothing too exciting as the sidewalks are too iced over to really go anywhere, though Amanda & I did go to Home Depot this morning. I nearly killed myself on the commute. And then I did laundry. I lost count how many times I nearly busted it. Just in time, the urlLink State of the Union drinking game ! OK, this next link is just bizarre. Check out these lovely urlLink mail order husbands . If this is what I had to choose from, I think I'd choose to be a lesbian. Yeah, the guy looking for an addition to his wives club or the cyberstalker - I'm having a hard time choosing. In case you're looking for a gag gift: clothes that make you look like you're naked. Click urlLink here . And just what every boy wants (but too bad it happened to a girl), Teenage girl's x-ray vision baffles scientists. Russian scientists have been unable to disprove a teenage girl who claims she has x-ray vision and can see inside human bodies. Click urlLink here to read. And here's something you don't see every day: urlLink slugs mating . And a study by the US Government of an artist drawings under the urlLink influence of LSD . These are quite interesting and a must read/look.

 Funny video of Saddam in an Outkast video. Click urlLink here .

 New York City is so pretty all covered in snow. It's so very cold outside. They say that you can get frostbite in just 8 minutes of exposure. I believe them! I had my leather gloves on and my fingers were so frozen. And while I'm enjoying watching the white stuff coming down, I know in the next day or so, it will all turn to solid, packed ice that forms a sheet over all of the sidewalks. What mounds of snow are left at that point will be dirty brown or yellow. Ah, snow! At around 2:30 pm yesterday, I went downstairs to urlLink Au Bon Pain to get a cup of coffee. My friend (and co-worker), Laurren, went with me and talked me into getting this devilish little pastry called a crème la fleur, which has cream cheese on top and inside of it. We split it and it was gone in a flash! Yum-scrum-delicious! Now, it's Friday morning and it's 4 degress outside. I feel a sick day coming on. My boss called out yesterday saying it was too cold for him. I second that motion. As soon as I dry my hair, I'm getting back into bed with Chris. I've stumbled upon another little blog written by fellow New Yorkers. Check it out by clicking urlLink here . These people are really funny and I know you'll get a kick out of it. In the news: a urlLink watchdog group has deemed the US military partially responsible in the deaths of two journalists killed at a Baghdad hotel during the Iraq war. Wow! The return of urlLink lockable luggage ! I think many travelers will be happy to read about this one. The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) now allows you to lock your checked baggage with Travel Sentry(tm) Certified locks. Something to keep in mind if you haven't eaten yet or if you're in the Evansville, Indiana area: urlLink Brain Sandwiches still on some menus even after the mad cow scare. Click here if you'd like to read the story, but I think my first reaction is: Huh? Brain sandwiches? And I thought boudin was tough to stomach.

 Not much happening again today. It's butt-ass cold outside and it's supposed to snow tonight. Why don't I live near a nice sunny beach? Hearings are beginning in the Louisiana serial killer case on the request to use evidence from the other murders in the first trial. Derrick Todd Lee will first go on trial for the killing of Charlotte Murray Pace of Baton Rouge. He's to go to trial for three other murders with the trial for the killing of Murray Pace to start in March of this year. (courtesy Newsday.com) Talk about just desserts: A drunk driver who killed a man in a head-on collision was ordered to carry a photo of the deceased victim in their coffin as part of her probation. (courtesy MSNBC.com) Click urlLink here to read.

 Wow! Today is pretty boring. Nothing in the news. Nothing happening in my world. It's a gray, dreary day outside and it seems like this time of the year, talk always turns to moving home. Must be the weather and lack of sunshine. Oh! It's snowing. Nevermind, it stopped. Oops! I blogged too quickly: Just found out that the world record for kissing has been broken! 8,890 Chileans set the record for the most people kissing simultaneously. (courtesy MSN.com) There apparently is something happening today - or yesterday. A friend from work just sent me a link to a story of a couple of guys in Louisiana who were planning a Columbine-style attack on the 5-year anniversary. Click urlLink here to read. I feel so sorry for the woman in this urlLink following story . She lost her job and kids due to the condition of her home. It's just sad and I feel so bad for her. May that NEVER happen to me. Something to do when you have a minute on your hands. urlLink One Word .

 Today isn't as cold as it was this weekend (36 today). Thank you God! Unfortunately, it will get cold again this Wednesday. Darn. In order to keep our apartment at a comfortable temperature, I have to close off the bedroom to save heat. On top of that, I keep hearing a noise in our walls that sounds like something is falling. I think it's the plaster from an apartment above ours (I blame it on Sergio). I hope the whole thing doesn't come crashing down on top of us one day. That would suck a big one. Chris and I cleaned out our front closet last night. It used to have 15 boxes of things we've been lugging around from apartment to apartment without anywhere to display. We threw out most of it. We set aside 3 boxes of "stuff" and 2 bags of clothes to go to Goodwill. Now there are only 5 boxes left in that closet. It's so nice! Next weekend, we're doing the middle closet - only 3 boxes. I blame it on TLC's Clean Sweep marathon that ran on New Year's Day. By the way, if you'd like to see a very clear picture of Chris's red fleur-de-lis tattoo, go to and then click on the Tattoo & Press link on the left and then click on the Color Work link on the right. Chris's should be the first one up (he got it in July 2003). Hard to miss. It's a big red fleur-de-lis. If you're in NYC and thinking about getting a tattoo, I highly recommend Pon. His work is amazing! And he's worth every penny. And, no, it doesn't hurt a bit. And if you believe that, you're a dumbass. I have a 4x3 inch black shaded fleur-de-lis in the lower middle of my back. I got it on my 23rd birthday. Hurt like hell. Today, Kathleen Blanco was sworn in as Louisiana's first woman governor. She took the oath in both English and French. It seems that Martha Stewart is posting about her trials and tribulations on her website www.marthatalks.com . Now, I wasn't planning to comment on this story and yet, I really couldn't pass it up. This guy in Germany posted an ad on the Internet seeking someone who was willing to be killed and eaten. One such man replied to the ad. The only thing, according to his partner, is that he "never expressed any desire to die." However, according to Mr. Cannibal, he "wanted to be stabbed to death after drinking a bottle of cold medicine to lose consciousness." (courtesy CNN.com) Hmmm. It would appear we have a conflict of interest in this case. Mr. Cannibal was interested in eating willing participants, but Mr. Victim was only interested in being slaughtered after Robotripping. (see my previous posts about robotripping) On this day in 1915: The US House of Representatives rejected a proposal to give women the right to vote. (courtesy NYTimes.com)

 It's 10 degrees this morning. 8 below with the wind chill. Why, God, why? That settles it - I'm putting off Bed Bath & Beyond until midweek or next weekend. Chris & I went to see Big Fish last night and I nearly froze on the walk back home. My earrings simply attracted the cold to the inside of my poor ears. Chris had to go to work this morning and I don't think the lobby of the Mandarin Oriental is heated very well. Poor thing must have 2 or 3 layers on today. Funny little cartoon, though somewhat x-rated about urlLink Dirty Little Red Riding Hood , which includes loads of cussing and animated nudity. Be warned. Panorama shot of urlLink Times Square at New Years .

 We're finally doing our gift exchange with Cindy & Jackson today. We got Cindy a DVD player and a movie. We got Jackson a move, a game for his Game Boy Advance, a kit for his Game Boy Advance with: a magnifier, cleaner, case, extra battery. While we were at Best Buy last night, we (of course) got ourselves 4 more DVDs to add to our ever-growing collection. Last night's choices were: Underworld, American Wedding (the unrated version), Alex & Emma (my choice), and XMen 2. I read on WNBC.com that a man fell asleep on the E train and woke up with a steak knife sticking out of his chest. Holy Crap!! I will NEVER fall asleep on the subway!! Not that I've ever been able to. And then I read a story about a couple of pranksters who tapped into the frequency used by a local Burger King speaker that is used when ordering in the drive-thru lane. When someone orders a whopper, for instance, they yell at the customer and tell them they are too fat and to pull up to the window. Though these guys are cussing at customers, I must admit that it's a little funny. Who would have thought of tapping into the speaker's frequency? And now, a littly funny: 20 Clues A Woman Should Call It A Night 1. I have absolutely no idea where my purse is. 2. I believe that dancing with my arms overhead and wiggling my butt while yelling WOO-HOO is truly the sexiest dance move around. 3. I've suddenly decided I want to kick someone's ass and honestly believe I could do it too. 4. In my last trip to "pee" I realize I now look more like Tammy Faye Baker than the goddess I was just four hours ago. 5. I drop my 3:00 am. submarine on the floor (which I'm eating even though I'm not the least bit hungry), pick it up and carry on eating it. 6. I start crying and telling everyone I see that I love them sooooo much. 7. There are less than three hours before I'm due to start work. 8. I've found a deeper/spiritual side to the geek sitting next to me. 9. The man I'm flirting with used to be my 5th grade teacher. 10. The urge to take off articles of clothing, stand on a table and sing or dance becomes strangely overwhelming. 11. My eyes just don't seem to want to stay open on their own so I keep them half closed and think it looks exotically sexy. 12. I've suddenly taken up smoking and become really good at it. 13. I yell at the bartender, who (I think) cheated me by giving me just lemonade, but that's just because I can no longer taste the gin. 14. I think I'm in bed, but my pillow feels strangely like the kitchen floor. 15. I start every conversation with a booming, "DON'T take this the WRONG WAY but.." 16. I fail to notice that the toilet lid's down when I sit on it. 17. My hugs begin to resemble wrestling takedown moves. 18. I'm tired so I just sit on the floor (wherever I happen to be standing) and take a quick nap. 19. I begin leaving the buttons open on my button fly pants to cut down on the time I'm in the bathroom away from my drink. 20. I take my shoes off because I believe it's their fault that I'm having problems walking straight.

 Chris and I have decided to work on taking a vacation for ourselves at some point this year. This means that we may not make it home as much during 2004, but since we've yet to take our honeymoon then I'm OK with being a little selfish this time around. Where, you ask? Well, the list is building and so far, we have: the urlLink Cayman Islands , Jamaica, Costa Rica, Portugal, and the list is growing. Interesting bit: A painting by artist urlLink Scott LoBaido depicts Bush holding Bin Laden's severed head and the American flag in the other hand. I read a story on the urlLink AP newswire where this guy wrapped his friend's apartment completely in foil while he was away on trip to LA. Absolutely hilarious and I'm now plotting to do something similar when I get the chance! Watch out kids! You could be next! Top 10 Hollywood Money Makers: 1. Jim Carey 2. Nicole Kidman 3. Jack Nicholson 4. Tom Cruise 5. Julia Roberts 6. Johnny Depp 7. Russell Crowe 8. Tom Hanks 9. Will Ferrell 10. Renee Zellweger

 18 degrees this morning. 18. Oh, and then there's the wind, which drops the temp down to like 9 degrees. 25 for the high today. Otherwise, not that bad of a day. Yesterday was Chris's first day back to work since he resigned from The Westin. The Mandarin Oriental (his new job) gave him 2 days off paid as a Christmas present, which he took this past Sunday and Monday. He has one more day coming as his New Year's gift, which he'll take sometime next week. While it is nice having him home, he's a loud person. Please don't feel like I'm talking behind his back. I've already told him all of this to his face and he agrees that he likes to make plenty of noise. He even whispers loudly. Now onto the subject of Berg. Berg has a reputation among our friends here in NYC and he was quite the legend in Monroe as well. (We used to have people drop by who had never come by before and the first thing they wanted to do was meet Berg because they'd heard all about him.) If you'd like to see a picture of him, click on the Galleries 1&2 link on the left. He's 15 pounds of pure evil with claws and teeth. He's very protective of the front hallway for some reason and hates the guys who deliver our groceries. He won't let Amanda and me play a decent game of gin rummy due to his desire to lie down on our cards just as the game gets underway. When Olivia stays over, she's scared to go to the bathroom during the night. Anyway, for the last few nights he has woken me up by scratching on our mattress or playing with a shopping bag. I now keep the water bottle next to me at night and my aim has gotten better with my left hand. Not too much happening the news world today. Hugh Heffner wants Britney Spears in Playboy. Not that that is really news to me. Every guy in the US wants to see Britney in Playboy. I'm sure that would be the hottest selling issue ever.

 I read a story on MSNBC.com today about a growing trend among teens: getting high from cough medicine, aka Dexing or Robotripping. I don't think this an entirely new concept as I remember it coming into fashion when I graduated from high school in 1996. It is their cough suppressant, dextromethorphan, or DXM, which kids are after. In large doses, DXM can cause hallucinations, heart problems, and a zombie-like state. Sounds like fun, right? Not to mention that wonderful cherry flavor. Unless of course your hardcore and go for the original flavor. Oh, a little word of advice if you're ever walking around the streets of Manhattan and someone approaches you about your hair. These people are selling packages that are supposed to include services such as: haircut, massaging shampoo, deep conditioning treatment, head massage, facial, etc. The package costs around $60 and then there is an additional $10 service fee that you only pay the 1st time. So, they swipe your credit card right then and there and hand you all of your information. Then you make your appointment with the hair salon and let them know what services you'd like to schedule. Like a dumbass, I did this in March 2003. For all of the "free services" included in my $60 package, it ended up costing me another $150 not including tip. The whole time I was in the salon, these 2 guys were fighting back behind me and had to be pulled apart from each other several times. Since that splendid event, I've been approached another 2 or 3 times. I just look at them and yell, "IT'S A HUGE WASTE OF MONEY AND I'LL NEVER MAKE THAT MISTAKE AGAIN!!" Then I run.

 Get ready everyone, I feel the need to jump atop my soapbox: Some of these people that I work with really freaking irk me! Let's take the issue of covering the phones as an example. There are 7 assistants sitting along my row. Of all 7, the 2 whose bosses needed the phones covered until 5 pm on days before & after holidays, well, these are the 2 who either skipped out early or just didn't show up at all. Alright, that's all I can really say about that even though I'd love to go into a rant, but alas, people I work with occasionally read my blog and I must keep things nice and rosy. Peachy f*cking keen. Not to mention those who rudely interrupt me while I'm talking and act as if they've done nothing wrong and I'm just sitting here twiddling my thumbs waiting for them to come and talk to me. (Example #2) Oh, and THE PRINCESS! (Example #3) Her voice will forever grate on my nerves as she retells each story 3 or 4 times or the way she keeps interrupting to ask questions when someone else is talking. You totally lose the point of the f*cking story! Anal! Anal! Anal! Anal! Ok, time to carefully step off the soapbox so I don't fall and kill myself. So, in today's news: Wisconsin town rings in New Year with urlLink toilet bowl parade complete with a giant throne and plunger scepters. (courtesy ABCnews.com) Oh, and in case you haven't already heard, Britney Spears is now working to annul her new marriage to her lifelong friend from Kentwood, La. She says it all began as a joke that went too far. I think it probably all began with too much alcohol. Well, at least some guy back in Kentwood can claim that he's been married to Britney. Even if it was for only 24 hours or however long it took them to sober up. And then there's the case of the Crocodile Hunter who went to work feeding hungry crocodiles with his 1-month-old son held next to his side. Maybe I'm wrong (and I don't mean to bring up MJ again), but I'm more worried about MJ dropping his child off a balcony than I am about the Crocodile Hunter bringing his kid to work with him. Oh yeah, the Crocodile Hunter is upset about the connection made between MJ and himself. From News of the Weird: * In October, San Francisco artist Jonathon Keats, 32, registered his brain as a sculpture and began selling futures contracts on its six billion neurons, offering buyers the rights to any creative products it might produce if science learns how to keep it alive after his death. He also wrote a prospectus for investors, with MRI scans showing the idea-fertility of various brain areas. For now, he is selling inexpensive options ($10) to buy a million neurons for $10,000 when he dies; he sold 71 the first day. * California Lt. Gov. Cruz Bustamante (runner-up to Arnold Schwarzenegger in the October recall election) is not the family's only public figure. As the San Francisco Chronicle reported in September, his sister Nao Bustamante, 39, is a prominent performance artist whose work includes (1) wearing a strap-on burrito for men to kneel before and bite in order to absolve themselves of "500 years of white man's guilt" and (2) sticking her head into a plastic bag filled with water and tying it around her neck to resemble a Houdini stunt, to create "an urgent situation to respond to." From Smiley Anders from the urlLink Baton Rouge Advocate : Giving 'em hell: LeRoy tells of the time Boudreaux was showing Thibodeaux around his new neighborhood when they came upon two beautiful churches directly across the street from each other. Thibodeaux asked why there were two churches so close together and Boudreaux explained that they had different beliefs. He explained it this way: "The church on the left says there ain't no hell, and the church on the right says the hell there ain't."

 THE TIGERS WON THE SUGAR BOWL!! THE TIGERS WON THE SUGAR BOWL!! THE TIGERS WON THE SUGAR BOWL!!

 Chris and I watched Cold Mountain last night. All in all, a good movie. Neither of us like the ending and I think he cursed it the entire walk home. For some reason, I'm just not a big fan of Nicole Kidman. I think she's a very talented actress, hence all the awards, but she just irks me. Can't explain it. Maybe she's just too perfect or something. There was a girl that I graduated with who was the same way. Damn all you perfect people. Chris has been playing his new video game Prince of Persia. It is by far the most awesome video game I've seen yet. You can control time and run up walls. Amazing graphics! Though he did have to break down and get the game guide because he got stuck. This game is so full of puzzles and riddles. Kickass game! Well, it appears that Britney Spears has tied the knot: Pop star urlLink Britney Spears marched down the aisle in Las Vegas on Saturday, marrying a childhood friend from Louisiana, according to news reports. (courtesy AP news) A friend of mine sent me this website for some unique greeting cards, Sugarqube. While it costs about $10 for a year subscription, it's free to sample them all. So check it out by clicking urlLink here . OK, it's time to wake up Chris so we can go do 2 weeks worth of laundry. Luckily, the Sugar Bowl game doesn't happen until 8 pm local time so I won't miss out on any of the action. GO TIGERS!!

 I can no longer post during my lunch hour from work, so my posts will now be more sporadic. Also, Chris now only holds 1 full-time job and is off in the evenings and on Fridays & Saturdays, so there's a chance I'll be a little more distracted than normal. On the other hand, I'm really happy to have all of this new-found time with him. I just hope I don't get tired of him! A new reality TV series will soon air: Reality TV is about to meet flight delays, singing flight attendants and passengers too large to squeeze between the armrests when a program on urlLink Southwest Airlines Inc. takes to the air on Monday. (courtesy ABCnews.com) All of the year-end lists you could ever want - urlLink click here . urlLink The worst roadside attraction in the USA . OK, off to take down the Christmas decorations at last!!

 HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE!! This year, I spent New Year's Eve with Jackson, my 8-year-old nephew who also lives in Queens. We played video games (Sly Cooper) and then watched The Hulk. Uncle Chris made it home (via taxi) about 20 minutes before midnight so we got to ring in 2004 all together. Sadly enough, before all of the festivities started, Chris called me to let me know that if "something" were to happen, he would find his way home. I then reminded him that it took about an hour and a half to walk from Rockefeller Center across the Queensboro Bridge to our apartment. He said that if it was a real emergency, he would probably make it here in about an hour. Showoff. It just goes to show you the kind of things we have to think about in this day and age. After that little conversation, I was sure glad that Jackson was coming over to take my mind off things! After I picked Jackson up and on our way home, we stopped for some ice cream and then we had corn dogs for our big meal! We sure know how to party! I hope everyone had great fun in whatever you did to ring in the new year! Here's to 2004! May your hangovers be kind!

 !!!HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAY RUTHIE!!! (My mother-in-law or Daisie as we like call her) I didn't blog yesterday after work because Olivia, Chris & I went to see The Passion of the Christ and I certainly recommend watching it. It was bloody & gory, but not overly done. It may make you reflect a bit, but why shouldn't it? I don't want to give away the movie, so I'll try to wait to post about it. I was supposed to go to the movies with Amanda today, but we were late getting there and it was sold out before we could make it halfway through the line at the boxoffice. We're trying again tomorrow at 3:30 pm and I've already reserved tickets on urlLink Fandango . If you live in a smaller city, you might not need Fandango, but on an opening weekend for one of the most hyped-up movies of all times in NYC, Fandango is a necessity. Since Amanda & I didn't go to the movies, we went shopping. She had never been to Steinway Street here in Astoria. (She lives in Sunnyside) Steinway has all of the shops: Express, Victoria Secret, Gap, Gap Kids, The Children's Shop, Foot Locker, Modell's, Goodwill, Salvation Army, etc. I'm surprised that I didn't spend more than I did - I'm very proud of myself. We stopped by the party supply store and I bought myself some purple feathers and a glue gun. This guy at work keeps stealing my pens, so I'm going to decorate my pen with feathers and see if he steals it again. Chris played paintball today with some of his friends. On the way out of the city, a city bus sideswipped their car and then took off. A second car was following the car Chris was in and they flagged down the bus. Not sure what all happened with that. They still played paintball even though some of their backs were hurting. He called just after 5pm from Hooters; I guess they're not hurting too bad. Saturday's Links Cool link for you: urlLink The Man Project . Not that you can very much with it, but it is so very cool. Funky (and funny) album covers from yesteryear - urlLink click here . What were they thinking? And why live your day when you can simulate it? Click urlLink here . Awesome, isn't it? I had 2 bowls of cereal - since it's simulated, I don't have to worry about simulated weight gain, now do I? And I also drove fast since I don't have to worry about any simulated cops giving me simulated tickets. OK, must hop off the computer so Chris can download pictures from today's festivities. Hopefully back later . . .

 Damn our IT department!! They keeping blocking my posts that I email to myself from work. Damn them. Anyway, on Tuesday night, Chris and I met up with 3 others that he worked with at The Essex House: Burn, Ana & Michael. We had dinner at Peter Luger's Steakhouse in Brooklyn. This place is well known in these parts for being an incredible place and I must second that, but let me tell you about the adventure we had the other night. 7:35 pm-Burn meets Chris & me on the corner on the way to the subway. 7:45-we're sitting on the subway going into Manhattan where we transfer to the J train at Canal Street. 8:20-sitting on the J train going over the bridge into Brooklyn (the train goes above the river here because the bedrock is too deep; nice view of the city). 8:40-we finally make it to Peter Luger's after walking about 3 blocks from the train; meet Ana & Michael. 8:45 pm-this is our reservation time, which we spend crammed in the bar along with everyone else who has made reservations tonight. Have some beer and duck when the waiters come by with trays of steaming, hot, sizzling steaks & shrimp (we were starving when we left the apt). 9:30-we finally get seated at our table and have dinner: boiled shrimp, tomatoes & onions, rare & med-rare steaks, German fries, creamed spinach, hot fudge sunday, cheesecake. Damn, there went the diet. 11:20-leave Peter Luger's and try to find a cab. There are none, so we walk back to the subway happy, drunk and slipping quietly into a steak coma. 11:30pm-hop on the subway which isn't going into Manhattan, but back one stop into Brooklyn where we transfer to go into Manhattan. 11:45-get off the first strain, transfer to another train (F train) because that one wasn't going any further due to construction. Go in the wrong direction - only 1 stop - turn around and go the right way. We're rocking now! Unfortunately, we passed Union Square where Ana & Michael needed to get off, but we stop at Herald's Square/34th Street and all go to our respective trains (N train for us). 1 am-we're finally home! Go straight to bed so that Chris can get up at 5:15 am to be at work at 7 am. FANTASTIC!

 I've heard of people looking for love on the internet, but this website is a touch worrisome. Simply titled urlLink A Family Proposal , I wonder what kind of people are actually interested in something like this. I'm sure there are plenty who have responded in earnest, but my response to that is: What the f*ck?!? As many times as I've emailed my fantastic blog to myself so that I could post, it keeps getting lost along the way. Seems that someone in our IT department at work sucks. Luckily, I printed it out today and will now post it so I hope that it has the same passion that I had the other day writing it. If not, blame the IT guy - I am. So, here goes: So there's this guy who is so upset with the current presidential administration that he has put a plea out on the Internet to raise enough money to move his wife, child and himself to the Netherlands. He supplies numbers and percentages of people supporting/against Bush, the economy, job loss, etc., but I don't think all of his facts are straight. Granted, I voted for Bush in 2000 and I'm not sure how I'll vote in 2004, but I loathe that EVERYTHING gets blamed on Bush and the current administration. Something tells me that we didn't lose all of those jobs just because Bush is in office. I agree that the Patriot Act isn't the best solution to today's problems, and yes, we have "lost" certain freedoms that we once took for granted. I don't think Iraq was as an imminent threat as we were once told, but a threat nonetheless. And I don't think it would have been long before it would have become an imminent threat. There has to be some other underlying issue here - perhaps it could have something to do with the former administration, but to be honest, I don't know and I don't care enough to spend all my days combing facts & figures trying to point fingers when finger pointing won't get the job done. If anything, it feels like the Bush Administration is running this country like a business. This guy has even gone so far as to imply that Bush will somehow rig the voting machines in the upcoming election since the maker of the machines, Diebold, is a Bush supporter. So to urlLink Daryl , I say, "Haul your ass to The Netherlands and I don't give a shit how you get there! You won't get any donations from me. I had to work hard and save to get myself and all of my shit to NYC, so you can do the same, buddy." Oh! And when people tell this guy to just leave the US, his response is, "I always find this to be a strange contradiction for a nation that prides itself on 'satisfaction guaranteed or your money back.'" Ok, Daryl, are you talking about America or Wal-Mart here? Strangely, I've never heard of this catchy little national motto he speaks of unless of course I'm standing in line at a store or I've just ordered something AS SEEN ON TV. I seem to remember America's jingle being something like: IN GOD WE TRUST. I don't know - call me crazy.

 Well, I had this fantastic blog for today's post, but like before, it has gotten lost between here and there. Oh well, it will be there to post tomorrow. Luckily, I saved it this time. Go me!! I think I just pissed Chris off. I won't go into details cause it's just confusing, but it included him taking a nap and me trying to send him to bed for the tonight. Needless to say, he's not my biggest fan right now. I guess I should go in there and help out now that he's worked out his anger on the poor helpless chicken.

 Another Saturday night well spent! Chris, Cindy (Chris's sister), and her new boyfriend John, & I went to an Italian restaurant and then to the Upright Citizens Brigade last night. Good time though I must say that the UCB seems to have blown up in popularity since our last visit about a month ago. Still a good time no matter how many uptight college kids bump into me in line without saying "excuse me." Before the show started, the 4 of us perused the grocery store next to the theatre where we happened to see a couple of the actors/comedians from the UCB. One of the guys does spots on VHI for shows like The 80's Strikes Back and The Best Week Ever . It probably won't be the last time I see these guys since Chris will begin taking improv classes in early March. He's been wanting to do this for a while, so I'm glad he got off his ass and signed up - oh, that's right, I had to actually sign him up. Well, close enough. And now, the list of random links for your viewing pleasure: Your very own urlLink Pimp Cup - just what every family dinner needs! I've seen some interesting things posted by the Japanese and I can proudly add this to this to the ever-growing list. Check out some of the urlLink strangest trucks on the planet! If you ever thought your house was messy, please click on this link for what must be the urlLink most cluttered house in America ! I don't understand how someone lives like this. The sad thing is that I'm sure there are homes that are worse than this. And now for the urlLink suicidal snowman - I must admit that I'm getting stircrazy myself with this cold weather. And let's not leave out those of you looking for additions to your art collection. urlLink Gallery of Original Booty Babe Art - you know you're curious! Just go ahead and click on the link. Ah! I'm so proud: the urlLink Miss White Trash Beauty Pageant . Fantastic ladies. You make us all so proud. I guess the one positive thing I can point out is that NONE of these ladies are from the Deep South. Ah! And some urlLink virtual knee surgery for your viewing/interactive pleasure! You get to actually perform the surgery yourself and, for me, find out why I'm not a surgeon making loads of money. Even though this is animated, it still makes me slightly queasy. Until tomorrow, kids, Enjoy!!

 So, I'm doing my research for our trip to Europe this August. Since we don't want to squander all of our money in Europe, I'm looking into staying at some hostels. What are hostels, you ask? Well, they can be anything from a B&B, dorms, convent, etc. where you share rooms and bathrooms. Usually, the men sleep in one area and the women in another though private rooms are available for a slightly higher rate. Hostels are great if you want to keep things cheap and you want to meet loads of different people. For the most part, it appears that younger people stay at hostels - especially all of those who are backpacking across Europe. I'm really intrigued by this whole concept and can't wait to stay in one! We'll, of course, have a few nights in a real hotel with our own private bath - probably in Rome and then in Paris. We're planning to take the eurail from Rome to Paris and stop at various places along the way. You know, keep our travel somewhat open and spontaneous. I think we must be tapping into some part of ourselves that missed out when we were just a bit younger and a bit poorer. Yesterday after work, some of the girls, Chris and I went out for a few drinks at this place called The Grotto. Today, I'm going with Olivia to a margarita place - if the Chairman of our company doesn't open up a bottle of wine for us after work, that is. I'm hoping he'll open up the wine and we can drink here instead of spending our money elsewhere. I need to blow off some steam after today's fiasco of trying to get an earlier flight for someone that I work with. The whole thing ended with him on a later flight (due to weather delays) and him hanging up on me. At that point, I went downstairs for coffee and a puff off of my friend's cigarette. I don't smoke unless I'm REALLY pissed off, which doesn't happen very often. Very frustrating! OK, time for a few links. First, the urlLink RoboReceptionist . I never thought I would feel threatened by the advancement of working robots in my job as an Administrative Assistant. When you see movies like A.I. or Terminator and the like, you think about automotive jobs or factory jobs being the first where robots replace humans in the workforce. Now, with the RoboReceptionist, they're hitting closer to home and I don't think that I like it. There are still downsides to this little experiment of theirs: the person seeking info must type in their question; she can't handle anything too complicated, etc. It's just scary - that's all I'm saying. So do you remember they guy from the American Idol tryouts - Hawaii, I think it was - that made you laugh until you pee'd your pants when he sang Ricky Martin's She Bangs? Well, this guy has such a cult following from his 90 seconds of fame, he now has his own website and he actually has contracts and deals! I saw him on TV last night on ESPN, I think. He's been on the Ellen Degeneres show and has been the subject of a skit on SNL. Check him out urlLink here . You'll need speakers/sound to hear his American Idol audition. Warning! William Hung has had NO professional training - just so we're clear on this.

 Sorry for the absence in blogging as of late. No excuses really - just being lazy. Chris offered to do the dishes tonight so that leaves me wonder what it is exactly that he wants out of this. Oops! Now he's singing The Bee Gees' Staying Alive. In a really high pitched voice. And I think he's dancing in there. If only you could witness this event! I have a FANTASTIC list of links to dole out to you but, unfortunately, I must go assist with dinner tonight: lemon chicken, rice, and broccoli. Since I hear that my father-in-law (we'll call him Fred) is feeling down today all the way down in Lake Charles, La, I'm adding this link especially for him and because I know we need to see one more parody of the Janet/Justin Super Bowl Showstopper! Click urlLink here . Ok, the real link I wanted to include for him is urlLink here . Caution - contains nudity. Oh! And because I know he's probably pretty bored sitting in his hotel room, click here to play a small urlLink game . Chris says it's addictive and since I had to physically remove him from the computer because of this game, I'll agree. I nearly forgot - just in case anyone has been left wondering, the advanced urlLink Donald Rumsfield fighting techniques are here! OK, OK, I have to go help make dinner. The rest of the list will come soon! I promise! And last but not least (by far!) - Shout out to my 1-year-old nephew (as of yesterday) IAN!! Happy Birthday playa!

 I'll be back later today to blog after I return from Manhattan. I'm to meet Cindy & Jackson at H&M Clothing Store on 5th Avenue, which is across the street from St. Patrick's Cathedral. Unfortunately, it's butt-ass cold outside and I'm not looking forward to being outside today but I just can't sit home all day today. I HAVE TO get out of my apartment! OK, just talked to Cindy and we're meeting at Ellen's Stardust Diner on the corner of 51st and Broadway, which is the ONLY diner that I can remember where it's located. It's also the diner we ALWAYS go to when someone comes to visit. The wait staff sings during your meals - they're all aspiring actors/actresses hoping to make their big break in the City. Chris and I have been looking into different locations for our trip, which we've decided to take around our 2-year anniversary in August. So it seems we're looking around the Mediterranean - maybe start in Rome and then see where the winds take us. On a progressive note, Chris has FINALLY signed up to take classes at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater starting March 7th. His class will be on Sunday evenings. This is only level 1 and he'll have a few more to go through, but he'll give this one a shot and see how he likes it. Personally, I don't understand how he's not already on stage somewhere. If you've ever met him, you know he's hilarious! By the way, the Upright Citizens Brigade is where Horatio Sanz (of SNL) got his start, among others like Matt Walsh. Oh! Chris dogsat for Adam Sandler the other day at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel. Most of the cast of 50 First Dates were at the hotel for a press junket. Chris says they're all really nice - especially Adam Sandler and Rob Schneider. Points in our books, boys, points in our books. This week's urlLink Unconscious Mutterings I say ... and you think ... ? 1. Dragon :: China 2. Molecule :: scientist 3. Tire :: Goodyear 4. Mighty :: Joe Young 5. Octane :: fuel 6. Troll :: bridge, stream, pay a toll 7. Atmosphere :: pressure 8. Guide :: you lead, I'll follow 9. Leash :: dog 10. Dustmite :: need to dust OK, off to eat some diner food baby!

 Not much going on today since it's the most dreaded day of the year for every single person on the planet. I'm not single, but Chris and I have both expressed our distaste for this "holiday" over dinner and a movie last night. By the way, 50 First Dates was pretty damn funny! I recommend. Ok, so off to the weird links I found this morning. This one is just strange, gross and there's really no other explanation for it since I have no idea what's going on - all in Japanese or something. Very strange. Click urlLink here . Ever wondered what it would be like to pop a water balloon in space? I know you have. I sometimes can't sleep at night without trying to figure out just what would happen. Well, you can now rest easy because it's finally urlLink here ! Want a hoodie with the name of your neighborhood on it? Then click urlLink here . Cute stuff. Want to see an animated urlLink girl pee standing up ? Yep, very strange indeed. Thank you Magic Cone. I will not be buying this one. OK, this is something you just have to see! Trust me, you won't be disappointed! Click urlLink here ! And next, a pretty damn funny urlLink Nutrigrain commercial. At the end, you'll feel GREAT! And finally, a urlLink weird and twisted animated movie . It's what every Valentine's Day needs. So on this special day, Rock Hard & Love Long!

 Ah! Elevator Episodes! What are Elevator Episodes, you ask? Well, you see, at work I go down for coffee every afternoon around 2:30 pm with some friends. When the mood strikes us and there isn't anyone else in the elevator we work with, we start these louder-than-usual conversations about random things - can't get into details. We like to stay covert in our operations. It's funny when one our lips are quivering because we're having a hard time keeping a straight face or we're counting floors because we're about to pop a stitch. I wonder if we're really having as much fun as we think we're having or if we're just delirious by that point in the day. Ah, who cares. My Dad sent me the following today and I just had to share: Southernisms Well, butter my butt and call me a biscuit. It's been hotter'n a goat's butt in a pepper patch. He fell out of the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down. It's so dry the trees are bribing the dogs. He's as country as cornflakes. This is gooder'n grits. Busier than a cat covering crap on a marble floor. If things get any better, I may have to hire someone to help me enjoy it. I'm bout as nervous as a long tailed cat in a room full of rocking chairs. Busy as a moth in a mitten. Happy as a clam at high tide.

 Told you it was a big list

 100 things you probably didn't know about me: 1. I am married to my first love 2. I am #3 of 4 girls 3. I am the runt of my family, but considered tall in Chris's family 4. I live in Queens in NYC 5. I have a cat named Berg who is evil 6. I work on the 36th floor of my building here in Rockefeller Plaza 7. I look out onto St. Patrick's Cathedral every day 8. I once held down 3 jobs at one time 9. One year, I turned in 5 W-2s for my taxes and I felt a little bit like a loser 10. I hate to stand in front of a crowd and talk or give a speech 11. I have weighed the same since I can't remember when 12. I am a morning person 13. I would love to travel and see the world, but not have to pay for it all 14. I was arrested when I was 16 15. I once taught Catechism class as part of my community service (see #14) 16. I didn't get my driver's license until I was 17 17. My first car was an '83 Nissan Sentra that wouldn't start if it was too hot or too cold outside 18. I once wanted to be a lawyer until I found out how much school was required 19. I get to work an hour early every day 20. Most days, I eat an everything bagel with cream cheese 21. On weekends, I don't eat breakfast until early afternoon 22. The wildest thing I've ever done is move to NYC - 3 years ago 23. For my 23rd birthday, Chris got me a tattoo (fleur-de-lis in small of my back) 24. I've broken my right arm twice 25. The second time I broke my right arm was within 2 weeks after I got it out of the cast from the first time I broke it 26. I've broken my left arm once during a game of dodge ball in 6th grade 27. In 1st grade, I had to have 3 stitches in my head after a game of dodge ball 28. I consider dodge ball to be a dangerous sport 29. My very first boyfriend was Clay Loftin in the 1st grade in (Martin) Coushatta, La 30. Clay's mom was my 1st grade teacher 31. On my wedding day, I had to use duct tape to squeeze into my dress because I was bloated 32. Some of my nicknames: Heavy D, Uncle Bill, smokie, yaya 33. I once fell off a horse onto my left side and now all of the joints on the left side of my body hurt according to the weather 34. Most days, I feel old 35. Chris makes me feel like a princess 36. I don't like lap cats, which is why Berg is evil 37. If I could, I would go barefoot everywhere 38. I have never been on a diet 39. I don't like mayonnaise, peanut butter, white or creamy salad dressings, most mustards and I'm not very fond of ice cream 40. I lived in Texas for less than a year 41. I've never been snow skiing 42. If I could choose to live anywhere, I would choose somewhere in South Louisiana 43. I wish I played either the piano or guitar 44. I've always wanted to be 2 inches taller than I am now 45. When I was a kid, I used to sleep walk 46. I hate cold weather 47. I sleep on my stomach 48. I've walked home from work only twice: Sept 11, 2001, and August 14, 2003 (blackout) 49. On 9/11/01, I had only lived here for 2 months and didn't know how to get home so once I got to Queens, I followed the subway line which runs above ground 50. I now know that it takes an hour and a half to walk home from Rockefeller Plaza 51. Flip flops are my favorite shoes 52. When I was a kid, my favorite shoes were jellies 53. I used to work at a daycare when I was a senior in high school 54. For extra money in high school, I used to help my sister, cousin and my dad mow the church grounds, which included the grave yard 55. I'm terrible at navigating footstones in a grave yard on a riding mower 56. I've held an alligator only once 57. I've petted a shark at the Aquarium of the Americas in New Orleans 58. I have never traveled outside of the United States 59. I've never been further West than Dallas & Houston 60. I've never been further North than Albany, NY 61. I have visited our nation's capital only once 62. I was on the yearbook staff during high school and college 63. When my sister and I shared a room as kids, we would talk in our sleep to each other 64. I still talk in my sleep 65. I have driven a tractor 66. I have never been in a wedding - except for my own 67. When I was younger, my cousins and I used to sneak beer and cigars out of our family reunions to drink/smoke after our parents went to bed 68. I used to hate chocolate - used to, but I don't anymore 69. On Average, I drink 3 cups of coffee a day 70. I love to go canoeing and camping 71. I HATE Valentine's Day 72. I cuss like a sailor 73. I fear needles 74. I was 22 years old before I flew in an airplane 75. I used to watch wrestling, but I'm currently taking a break until it gets interesting again 76. My former jobs: day care worker, retail sales clerk, waitress, bartender, hostess, secretary, administrative assistant 77. I have a total of 3 nephews and 3 nieces 78. When I die, I want to have a New Orleans style funeral complete with a band 79. I can clearly remember the day our house burned down when I was in 2nd grade 80. I can't go to sleep without my Chapstick 81. I am still waiting to go on my honeymoon - 1 1/2 years later 82. I have been on a trail ride (horses) 83. The first strapless dress I ever wore was my wedding dress 84. I do not know how to dive 85. It bothers me to not be able to see my feet when I'm in a large body of water 86. I collect fleur-de-lis 87. I am not a fan of chili with beans 88. I don't understand how women can wear pads instead of tampons 89. I despise pastel colors 90. I took 2 years of Spanish in high school and know very, very little of the language 91. I sew even less than my husband does 92. When I accompanied my sister to the doctor for my nephew's shots, I cried more than he did 93. My favorite meal is roast, rice & gravy 94. I was 24 before I had ever colored/highlighted my hair 95. I took self defense and ballroom dancing as electives in college 96. My favorite characters from the 80s are She-Ra the Princess of Power, Rainbow Brite and Strawberry Shortcake 97. Growing up, I hated Barbie because she was too complicated with all of her accessories 98. The "earbud" earphones are too big for my ears, so they keep popping out - and they hurt 99. I can spray Berg with the water bottle using my left hand from across the room in the middle of the night in the dark and hit him square between the eyes 100. Instead of road rage, I get subway rage when people bump into me without saying excuse me

 Howdy do?! I'm working on a list for tomorrow's post which is quite time consuming, so I won't post too much today. Chris just sold both of his paintballs guns on eBay. One will go to Indiana and the other goes off to Kansas. May they make someone happy. They're making me happy just by not being here and when the money comes through for the payment on these things, it'll been even sweeter. OK, off to make some spaghetti for my honey.

 Wow! Another fantastically boring Monday! Well, I guess that's better than being too busy to sit down at my desk. So I will try not to complain. At lunch today, I went over to The Gap to get my little nephew something for his birthday coming up on the 17th. So I'm at the cash register and the guy says, "did you buy out the store?" and I artfully reply, "well, if the women's section wasn't done entirely in pastels, I would have bought something for myself instead." Yes, I know I left him reeling in shock but sometimes you just have to put your foot down. I absolutely refuse to wear pastel colors so that I match a gazillion random kids walking down the sidewalks of New York. Not me, buddy. No way. Speaking of fantastic days, I got the new Mardi Gras rice bag order form in today's mail from Bertrand Rice down in Elton, Louisiana! http://www.bertrandrice.com Check out their site and order something! The couple that owns/runs this little shindig are cousins of mine on my Dad's side. Every time we would go down to South Louisiana to visit, we would stay at their house. David & Lorraine have 3 kids: Jon, Andre & Julie. So much fun!! Jon is in school and is also currently in a band that travels around playing Cajun music. Andre is at McNeese studying hard, I'm sure. Julie is at LSU and running track. My oldest sister, Bridget, sees her from time to time, as Bridget is a grad student at LSU. Well, I haven't been down to good ole Elton in about 7 years and I sure would like to go again soon. They do an old fashioned Mardi Gras run where all the men dress up and ride horseback along a predetermined route. They start (usually) at my cousin Todd's house for a little breakfast. The men ride their horses while a wagon follows that carries the musicians and the beer. At homes along the route, the Captain of the "krewe" will ask for permission for the group to approach the house. Once they have permission, the group sings a song, which asks for a little something to go into the pot for their gumbo. If the owner wishes to contribute a chicken, for example, then they release the live chicken in the yard for the boys to catch. Once the chicken is caught, its neck is wrung and it is tied to one of their horses to be brought back to add to the gumbo. This continues throughout the route and they acquire various ingredients for the gumbo. The ride ends at the local Catholic Church where the women take the goodies the men have brought back and they make their gumbo. All who have contributed are invited to attend and partake in some social gathering and mighty fine gumbo. OK, off the feel good stuff for a bit. Time to get down to stupid political antics: Amazingly enough, someone (OK, any active Democrat about right now) out there is willing to spend hard earned money to look into whether or not our President went AWOL from the Alabama National Guard in 1972. Granted there's no investigation at this point, but as this is an issue now, it will certainly be an issue later this year during the campaign for the White House. I'm floored - who the hell cares?!? Do you? If you were going to vote for George Bush in November, would this newfound knowledge change your vote? Are we voting on what happened in 1972 (6 years before I was born) or are we voting on what's going on right now in this country and in this wonderful world of ours? Yeah to Kerry who received 3 purple hearts, a bronze star and a silver star in Vietnam. Congratulations. Well done. Kudos. That still doesn't tell me that he can run this ship any better than ole George W. F*ck it! I'm voting for Ross Perot. And finally, the Grammys. I guess if you didn't know who Beyonce was before, then you do now. Other than that, the show left me hopeful that MTV's music awards will be absolutely fabulous this year because the Grammy's were slightly boring. The media has used the words: demure, downplayed, etc. They say the only way Justin Timberlake was allowed appear was if he apologized, which he did. BORING! I wish Janet had shown up - that really would have rattled everyone! And we'd all be happier viewers if SOMEONE - ANYONE would have gotten rattled. Thank goodness MTV goes over the top each year! Top 10 Reasons to visit yayaempress: 10. Rotel Tomatoes (Queso) 9. Mrs. Gertie this, Mrs. Gertie that 8. Comfortable Couch 7. Chris's Teeth 6. umm, chicken! merrily! 5. SERGIO 4. Ummm Sandwiches 3. Coooo-kies 2. "so this is Queens" 1. Watch the relationship between Berg and Yayaempress unfold Top 10 Reason NOT to visit yayaempress: 10. Do I take the N or the W train? 9. "attention... attention this is a Brooklyn bound train" 8. "I hope Berg does not bite me" 7. Unlimited supply of Comedy Central (Chris!) 6. 1 hour and 15 min. commute 5. memory loss 4. "no more wire hangers" 3. Mrs. Gertie 2. sex, lies and video tapes 1. "sure is a lot of noise coming from upstairs"

 Not much going on this weekend. A couple of friends came over yesterday afternoon. We just sat around and ate, drank beer watched a movie and some funny shows on TV. Good time! Plan was to go out last night, but I wasn't really feeling that well so we altered our plans. Thanks girls! Next time, we're definitely going out! I found a really cool website the other night that was stamped onto a $1 bill, which was also stamped with a fleur-de-lis. Check out urlLink Where's George where you can track your paper currency and see where different bills have traveled over time. You can enter in bills that are currently in your wallet after you open an account (free!), so check it out! This next one will make you chuckle and yet I found it to be slightly disturbing. But don't take my word for it, check out Mr. Bush in urlLink drag . I say ... and you think ... ? urlLink Unconscious Mutterings 1. Identity:: different 2. Reveal:: open 3. Live:: not dead yet 4. Attitude:: extra flavor 5. Night:: sleep 6. Nevada:: Las Vegas 7. Weekend:: no work/sleep late 8. Write:: something I like to do 9. Friend:: it takes all different kinds 10. Seventeen:: ah! the year I graduated high school Well, those crazy Asians have done it again! Check out the Asian version of urlLink Cereal and Milk . I just shook my head the whole time.

 Damn Verizon. For some reason, I haven't been able to access my home email. Hope they get that fixed soon. I must have a billion junk emails to sort through so I can feel important. Why, yes, I would like to enlarge my penis, look at busty girls all the live long day, and make millions without ever leaving my home. America in the 21st century - isn't it great! Here's a little diddy I think you'll like. It takes a moment to load and it's in a different language, but sometimes you just don't need to understand what's being said to understand what's going on. Click urlLink %20&f_id=681">here . Well, it looks like I've found yet another website for urlLink 80's paraphenelia . AWESOME! Here it is!! The website of the guy who urlLink streaked the Super Bowl ! Yeah, baby!! And this next one is kind of creepy, but it's like a wreck on the side of the road. You HAVE TO watch it! You can't stop. It's addicting. Check it out urlLink here . It's almost as creepy as watching that doll thing sit in front of her computer and take off her clothes or rearrange herself or whatever she was doing. Remember that one? If not, check that one out urlLink here . And for all of my fellow drinking friends, you'll enjoy this little site devoted to urlLink drinking stuff . You can find out your blood alcohol content, drink converter, drink calorie counter, etc. Not a bad spot to visit.

 I've added another link under "blogs i read" in case you're interested. It's urlLink Yates on the States and pretty damn cool by my standards. Seems I spend most of my days floating from blog to blog to blog. Always lookin' baby, always lookin'. As a matter of fact, I just rolled over to ole' Faye's site and she seems to be having a rather rotten day. To quote, if I may: "Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuckity, fuck fuck!!!! And that's how I feel no matter what. fuck it." It would seem our dear friend could use a little pick-me-up. Poor dear. I'll have to send her some stickers or some other cool crap that fell out of yet another magazine onto my living room floor. Have no fear - I'll send something cool Faye! I promise! So, I bit the bullet and called Salvation Army today. It seems that I neglected to post about this lovely experience, but about 3 weeks ago I scheduled an appointment so they would come by and pick up all of the junk Chris & I have set aside for donation. January 31st - last Saturday. So I jump out of bed around 8:30 Saturday morning. Throw clothes on. Forego a shower just in case they should come by for the pick up. (you can see where this is going, right?) Chris is asleep and I don't want to wake him, so I pull out all of the donation items (9 boxes and 3 or 4 bags) into the front hallway. This is great since the guys won't have to walk too far and can grab the stuff and go. Fantastic! I'm on top of things. Well, the hours tick away. Chris finally wakes up. Says, "they still haven't come to get this stuff?" Smartass. Next thing I know, it's 9:30 at night and I'm telling Chris, "well, they could technically still come, right?" I am so stupid, stupid, stupid. I was all set to buy some rather large garbage bags this weekend and throw all of it out, but Chris made me feel guilty. So, I called them again today and in about 2+ more weeks, it'll all finally be GONE!! Again. Now I'm going to turn toward the TV in my nice swivel computer chair and watch a repeat of The Apprentice since I missed last week's episode. And then at 8:30 pm, I switch over to American Idol. There! I said it - I WATCH AMERICAN IDOL! But in my defense, this is the 1st season I've watched it and there really hasn't been much on TV since I started watching only 2 or 3 days ago. Uh! I need to go take a shower.

 Not much happening in my world right now. I was supposed to go out to dinner with Chris at this place called urlLink Water's Edge , which is here in Astoria but it has a fantastic view of Manhattan. So I'd heard loads about it, right? Right. So last week, I call up and get reservations for tonight at 7 pm (it being Restaurant Week and everything). All set - everything's a go. Then, we were to go to urlLink Copacabana for a party for one of Chris's co-workers. Well, without getting into too much detail (because frankly, I'm a bit tired today), dinner is cancelled and Chris is now partying at urlLink Copacabana with his buddies. It was all a time issue really since Chris's friends started partying at around 4 pm. Since I had to work until 5 pm and then go home, change clothes and try to find the place by myself . . uh, . . . don't think so kid. From what I read online, the place has quite the line on Tuesday nights not to mention velvet ropes. Sorry, but I find velvet ropes to be intimidating. Well, for anyone else who has had a long day, perhaps you'll enjoy this little diddy: urlLink Online Orgasmic Simulation . Interestingly enough, there is no nudity associated with this link but not something you want to try to expain to little Johnny sneaking a peek over your shoulder. Enjoy my little ones. Enjoy. Well, since not much else is going on, I'll end this by sending out a big HAPPY BIRTHDAY to urlLink Natalie ! I'm just a fan of her site. Pretty damn kickass, my friends. Kickass. urlLink Natalie , I hope you party like a rockstar for at least 1 night!

 Super Bowl - one game, so many topics around the water cooler this morning. #1 - can we address the fact that exposing Janet Jackson's ta-ta WAS planned? Regardless of who said what after the "incident," it was planned. CBS might not have known about it, not sure if MTV knew about it, but Justin Timberlake & Janet Jackson certainly did - hence the huge chunk of metal attached to her nipple. And why don't we back up just one more step: why the hell was Janet Jackson even performing? She hasn't had a hit in like 10 years! All of the other performers have had hits in the last 1-2 years. Why Janet? Why not some Grammy award-winning performer from the last 2 or 3 years? If you ask me (and it really doesn't matter if you didn't since I get to rant on and on and on, but), this was all a big stunt to 1) boost a sagging career & tat-ta and 2) take the media off her brother for a bit. Don't know how well that worked out since the FCC is now looking for some answers. Good luck with that one CBS, MTV, Janet & Justin! But don't take my word for it! No, listen to what a real expert has to say! Click urlLink here . Oh! And #2 of my rant from above: why didn't they show us the streaker?!? (top of the 3rd quarter) I'm outraged! It's not like he wasn't at least wearing a thong. I'm shocked and appalled that I wasn't offered the chance to watch some British guy running naked across the field during out beloved Super Bowl. It's the Super Bowl, man! Why wouldn't someone streak? And if it's never happened before, then the real question is why has it never happened before. I mean, this is America gosh-dog-gonnit! Why did we have to let someone else do our dirty work for us?!? We're not thinking Americans! And now it's time for urlLink Unconscious Mutterings ! I say . . . and you think . . .? 1. Ignore :: the stupid bitch to your right 2. Death :: party for the deceased 3. Missy :: Elliott 4. Ballet :: tutus 5. Guest :: not actually invited to the party, but they lucked up anyway 6. Campus :: college 7. Lonely :: in a crowd 8. Company :: sometimes a lot of work 9. Helicopter :: twirly bird 10. Sterile:: easy form of birth control Ever wondered what Lord of the Rings would have been like if it'd been written by someone other than JRR Tolkein? You know you have! Click urlLink here . The VC Andrews one is pretty darn good! A little sampling if you will: Dr. Seuss by urlLink gonzoron "Gandalf, Gandalf! Take the ring! I am too small to carry this thing!" "I can not, will not hold the One. You have a slim chance, but I have none. I will not take it on a boat, I will not take it across a moat. I cannot take it under Moria, that's one thing I can't do for ya. I would not bring it into Mordor, I would not make it to the border."

 Chris's paintball equipment has now been listed on eBay. If you're interested, just click urlLink here . And for the other package, click urlLink here . Still watching the Super Bowl. Only 2 minutes left.Carolina is down by 7. Commercial. Whew! Such tension!

 I'm sure most everyone is watching the Super Bowl today. Hell, I even know a few people who actually went all the way to Houston to watch it all in person. Ah, the perks of knowing people in the business. They don't get the tickets for free, but they at least get a chance to buy decent tickets. I hope they're having a blast! For the rest of us sitting at home watching all of the pre-game mumbo gumbo, here's a little something to help while away the time: This next couple may take a little bit to load, but hysterically disturbing, nonetheless. Not something to watch with impressionable kids around. Part 1: urlLink Stick Figure Penalty Part 2: urlLink Stick Figure Penalty: Chamber 2 This next one is long, but worth it. It's interactive and has loads of violence. Enjoy! urlLink Ray - Part 1 And the urlLink Bug on a Wire game is always fun! Ok, little ones, I'm off to watch more Super Bowl mumbo gumbo and pray that my darling husband will do the laundry like he said he would do. Just earlier he called me and offered me $50 to do it for him, but I did it the last few times all by myself and I think it's just his turn already. Besides, I know he'd probably never actually hand over that money so I'm just saving myself extra work. And he had 3 days off this weekend. He's Mr. Procrastinator! And I am his lovely bride. Tee Hee!

 Learning how to sew . . . it takes a lot of patience. Amanda came over Monday night and we laid out some fabric for a crib bumper she's making for her sister. Unfortunately, we had to lock Berg out of the room so he wouldn't lay down on the fabric and pattern pieces. The whole time he was shut out, he kept sticking his little furry orange paw underneath the door. He can be cute and funny sometimes and then he can be the devil other times. He's a very strange animal indeed. Chris and I went to the UCB last night for a couple of shows. All very awesome and very hilarious!

 Last Friday, I honed by flower arranging skills once again. The president of our company has a vineyard in Australia and at harvest time each season, he has flowers from the vineyard shipped to our offices. My friend (and coworker), Laurren, and I do most of the arranging. Another friend, Dawn, sometimes helps out - but she's usually busier than we are. Anyway, we ended up making like 7 or 8 arrangements from these 2 boxes and these are some of the most exotic flowers I've ever seen. They have this one flower called a protea, which actually comes from bush, and it looks like that plant/flower from Little Shop of Horrors that at any point could jump out and eat you. Otherwise, not too much has been happening. I was in one crazy ass mood this past weekend. You know the kind when you've started evaluating certain areas of your life and you don't like what you see but you can't blame anyone but yourself? Yeah, I was in that mood Saturday and Sunday. Chris & I were supposed to be going to Peter Luger's Steakhouse again tonight with some of his friends from The Essex House (hotel), but those plans changed. Now, I think we're going to slip out to a couple of shows at Upright Citizens Brigade. Should be loads of fun since we haven't been in a little over a week. Ok, off to powder the nose and then off to the show. Later gators. Oh! And I knew I said I would do the links today - and I might still after we get back - but if I don't, tough shit. You'll get them when you're ready for them. Now behave!

 OK, so now I've decided to change things again. Since some people were getting confused as to whether or not these stories are autobiographical, I've decided to move them to a different page with a link to the right - titled urlLink YAYA STORIES . Let me assure you that these stories are all fiction. My husband is a loving man who puts me on the top of a pedestal - for the most part. I slip off the pedestal when things like paintball and comic books come up, but that's only happens once in a full moon so I'm ok with that. If you enjoy the stories, them drop me a line and let me know. I don't know how often I will post a new chapter in this ongoing saga, but I will do my best to entertain the masses. I will have to get to the weekly links tomorrow since I now need to go make dinner: pork chops, mashed potatoes, gravy & green beans. Yep, I cook! Go figure!

 Since I've changed my posts as of late, I guess I should explain. I used to write some short little stories for my own personal amusement back in high school. Now since I have so much free time on my hands and this blog as an outlet, I've decided to pick it back up again. But have no fear, you will still get your weekly links. Unfortunately, this weekend's links will come after I get back from a baby shower out on Long Island and while I am doing laundry once I get back from the shower. So until then, enjoy the stories and if you just hate them, post a comment and we'll go from there.

 She had such a fucked weekend. It all started Friday with too much to drink. On Saturday, he just wouldn't quit calling her names. He said he was just picking on her, but she'd had enough. The whole situation pissed her off. To top it all off, he began lecturing her on getting a new job. She doesn't know why he thinks she hates her job so much. She's told him time and time again that she likes her job. She likes the people she works with. Why does he keep telling her that she needs to find another job - one that she'll actually enjoy going to. How many times does she have to tell him? And now she's left by herself the whole day to contemplate the past few days. She wakes up feeling inadequate. She feels like a loser. She doesn't like how she feels about herself or her situation. And that seems to be the problem with her. People push and push her in directions that aren't her own. She's played everyone else's games for the past few years. Now she feels stifled and ignored and yet she knows that her situation won't change unless she takes hold of the reins. That one little step is the scariest and she knows it, but she's tired of feeling this way. She can see a fight coming soon. A big one. One that will affect her in many ways. And yet she knows that it will only affect those areas in her life that she allows it to affect. She has to be in control again. *all stories are fiction

 "I got a new pink top this morning to wear to Webster Hall for fight night tomorrow," she told her friend. "Pink?" her friend inquires. Yes, she thought, my world's gone to pink! But I can't get away from it this season. It stares out at me from every single store window I pass. It seems that every shop in Manhattan has clothes in varying shades of pepto bismol. What to do, she pondered. She'll wear her new pink top that's topless but has this swanky piece of lace that is attached under the breast and then wraps around her neck, knowing that it will choke her at some point during the night. Knowing that part of her future is taken care of, she turns her thoughts to dinner. Nothing jumps out at her from the cabinets, which is a good thing considering food doesn't generally jump. She knows the pork chops in the freezer will take too long to thaw. And if she went that route, she'll have eaten Berg's cat food before dinner would be ready. "It should definitely be something that tastes good," he suggests. She nods her approval and hopes that he wouldn't prefer something that tastes like it came off the subway floor instead. She shakes her head and narrows it down to meatless spaghetti or ordering dinner from the Chinese place down the street. "Spaghetti!" he says, so spaghetti it is. *** She stands at the sink washing last night's dishes and she thinks back to her commute home this evening. They guy she sat next to on the train smelled curiously like hotdogs. She tried not to look directly at him as it is common knowledge that you just don't look directly at anyone in New York City. He got off at Queensboro Plaza and took the smell of hotdogs with him. Perhaps he's a street vendor, she thought. *all stories are fiction

 "Sweet, sweet nectar of Mexico! La Cerveza Mas Fina! I concur!" she shouts. He just looks at her from the couch, controller in hand. She's drinking her Corona and he has Star Wars on the brain. She's had a long day and doesn't want to think about how she stayed 45 minutes late at work today. "I wanna be on Hollywood Squares!" he says. OK. Pencil that one in. Today is just another day for the record books. Another day spent staying late at work, which seems to be happening a lot more lately. Ever since that fateful memo was circulated, her workload seems to have doubled. She thinks back to the days when she first started working at this company. She had nothing to do. Absolutely nothing besides flipping through magazines, surfing the internet and planning her wedding. Two and half years later, she wonders why her boots hate her so much and what will happen if she can no longer walk like a normal person. "You're becoming a New Yorker," they tell her. Fashion - it hurts so much sometimes. She remembers when she was a little girl, when her mom would fix her hair and she would squirm in the chair. Her mom would say, "you have to suffer to be beautiful." She grins and looks back down at her feet knowing that by morning, she'll have forgotten how she had to peel her boots off along with the wet, sweaty socks. In the morning, she'll pull her boots back on for one more day, waiting for Spring and Summer - flip flop season! *all stories are fiction

 This just in: urlLink Ozzy Voted Alien Ambassador Where there's water, there must be life, therefore Mars must have aliens. Internet pollsters recently voted Ozzy Osbourne as the favorite to represent Earth to our alien brethren. Other top choices included Tony Blair, George Bush, and Simon Cowell. What a bizarre perspective aliens would get of humanity! Followed by: urlLink Two top French nutritionists are telling people to go for a Big Mac and keep their fingers off the traditional French quiche . What a strange, strange world we live in.

 Your Sunday Links: urlLink PETA , eat your heart out. I'd be surprised to find I don't have a relative in a similar picture somewhere in the universe. Fantastic site. Just urlLink click it . You'll love it. You'll bookmark it. You'll thank me. I've heard this one before, but it's always so funny to hear again. It's a urlLink radio prank call gone wrong . When I was younger, we would go out to visit my grandparents every Sunday after church. Louisiana being Louisiana and summer being damn hot, we always found ourselves sitting out on the front porch and my grandfather would always have a fly swatter by his side killing all of the unlucky flies who came within range. Now that I'm here in NYC, I don't have a front porch and summer is rarely hot. I very rarely see flies here, but I can relive my memories with the urlLink virtual fly swatter . Hours of useless fun! I found urlLink this website on blorgy and laughed my ass off! Of course I cringed toward the end and I am now rethinking the whole childbearing thing. I have never heard childbirth described in such a fashion. Funny, but scary. And finally, some awesome urlLink doctored photos . Really cool!

 She steps out into the cold wet night and clings to his arm as they turn and head toward the busier street just down the corner. She smiles as they catch sight of a yellow cab sitting on the opposite side of the street. They're lucky; it's so hard to find a yellow cab when it's raining. He motions to the cabbie and they climb in the backseat and are on their way. They sit in silence as they cross the bridge into Manhattan. She likes looking into the apartments that are lit up, noticing how they're decorated and arranged in comparison to the others. He has his sights set toward downtown but says nothing. They're both lost in their thoughts and the goodies displayed in shop windows they pass. At the corner of 8th Avenue and 26th Street, they pay the cabbie the $15 fare and climb out to make their way to the little theater that has become one of their favorite spots. Inside they wait in line for the box office to open. They're always so anxious to get good seats; they like to be in the first row. The box office announces the sale of tickets and they step up to pay their $16. Once in the theater, they grab their usual seats, drop off their coats and head to the bathroom and then the bar for $4 beers. The details are taken care so now they can enjoy the next hour which promises to be filled with laughter and fun. After the show, they step out of the little theater smiling and recount their favorite parts of the show. Then talk turns to food and their cross-town trip they need to make to get to their next stop of the evening. He hails a cab and they hop in. "We need to get to 33rd Street at 2nd Avenue, please," she says. She turns to him and asks how he's feeling and if he's up for the rest of the night. He assures her that he's fine and that he'll let her know if he starts feeling bad again. At the corner of 31st and 2nd Avenue, they climb out of the cab and begin the search for dinner. They pick a nice little restaurant and bar just 2 doors down from their next stop for the evening. It's dark inside with old fashioned lighting and a nice dark oak bar that just begs patrons to pull up a stool and order an ale. They comply and also order a little food to help ward off the evils of drinking on empty stomachs. They make small talk with the bartender and listen to one of the regulars telling stories in a booming voice. They laugh with the others and then turn their attention toward their food and drink when it arrives. An hour later, they pay their $25 bill and leave the bartender a $10 tip, step out into the night and walk the 5 steps to the last stop for the night. Once inside the crowded bar, they make their way to the back to find her friends drinking beers and cocktails; introductions are made. He steps up to the bar and orders them beers. Heineken for her, Corona with a lime for him. They walk out the back door down the steps to the covered courtyard bearing a pool table. A couple of guys are setting up for a game of 8-ball. It's chilly out, but the alcohol helps to keep them warm. They hang out with their friends for the next couple of hours and then decide to head home around midnight. He has to be at work early the next morning. Outside the bar, they walk uptown a couple of blocks to get ahead of the others hailing cabs on the street. They spot a cab making a dropoff and then climb inside. Twenty minutes later, they're home. They struggle out of their coats and winter clothes. She slips into something a little more comfortable; a purple silk slip with lace. Ten minutes later, the lights go out and they head to the bedroom. Yes, it's another great night that leaves them smiling as they fall asleep in each other's arms. *all stories are fiction.

 Happy Belated Birthday Roni!! Sorry, I missed my post yesterday since we were watching Dawn of the Dead , which was awesome!! Tonight we're going to out a bar on the East side around 34th Street for a friend's birthday party. $30 all you can drink from 10 pm to 2 am. Sounds like a winner to me!! I'll let you know how it turns out. This link is fun, if not a little gross but I know you'll enjoy it! urlLink Click here ! For all of the hunters in our lives who have come back from a day in the woods with only 1 sock or part of a tshirt, there's the urlLink off road commode . Go to the website and then view the video. Kinda funny. This link contains nudity, but it's fascinating. It's a urlLink boob job without surgery . Interesting, indeed. An experiment with urlLink spiders and drugs conducted by NASA.

 Happy, happy Thursday! When all the good shows come on! Or most of them anyway. I read an article that Omorosa, the bitch who got fired from Apprentice, just got some Ebony award and she's got offers for some sort of political commentating job for the upcoming election. I hope she enjoys her 15 minutes of fame because I can't imagine that she'll last long as dramatic as she is. I so can't stand that bitch. Anyway, I was walking into my building today after work and after stopping off to do a little grocery shopping when I ran into one of my neighbors, Julie. We're inside the building but outside our apartments chatting away and I hear Berg (satanic cat) meowing at the door. Since I'm just standing there anyway, I let him out into the hallway. He's rubbing all over the wall kind of hopping as he turns around and goes for another rub. He's wagging his tail and he's so happy. As soon as I get us both back inside, he turns evil again. Ah, what can you expect? I'm just keeping the water bottle beside me so I can spray him in the face when he starts scratching on the door or the movies/dvds or the mattress or the window or Chris's amp or the couch . . .

 It is still snowing today - very lightly, but still snowing. I'm so ready for summer!! I ended up coming home early today because I'm not feeling well. Lucky for you, that means that I've found time to post some links since yall have been so good to me lately! If you haven't seen the QVC knives blooper, urlLink click here . It takes a while to load, but damn funny. And while I was nosing around the net, I came across a story titled: urlLink RIAA Claims Music on Car Radios Meant Only for Original Vehicle Owner . The story was pretty comical, which makes me wonder if this website is entirely satirical. Well, you can be the judge and then feel free to let me know. Then there is the story of a urlLink fag and his fagmaster . Don't worry, this isn't some biased story of homosexuals, but a story of what the true word "fag" is all about. Interesting little read about a gentler time. I eventually found this website full of strange, yet very interesting photos. If you look at nothing else on this page, urlLink check this out ! I encourage you to also click on the link for urlLink A Girl's Bestfriend , which again is strange but fascinating.

 OK, where did all of this freaking snow come from? I mean, I knew it was supposed to snow a bit, but it is still snowing and there's like 3+ inches on the ground. Poured down buckets all day long. Anyway, Chris & I went to a couple of shows at the UCB tonight and Chris ran into a classmate & her husband of his there. And then we met another guy who is taking a level 1 class there under the same teacher that Chris has, but on a different night. Well, while that doesn't matter to you, they were great shows and (again) if you're ever in NYC, please, PLEASE go see a show at UCB. So worth the $8. On 26th Street at 8th Avenue. You need to make reservations and get there 30 minutes before the show starts. Alright, since it's getting late, I need to get to bed before I turn into a pumpkin. Cause I do that you know.

 Nothing much going on today, except it was my friend's birthday today. She said that she work up all depressed and sad. I know the feeling since I sometimes fall into the sinkhole myself. But I think her day turned out to very nice indeed. As I'm sitting on the N train on my way home today after work, I just watch the other people. And there are certainly different types. For instance, there are those who read, listen to music, nap until their stop and instantly pop up when they get to their stop. But first, we'll explore what I've to come to know as Pole-Huggers. Pole-Huggers stand right against the pole and lean on it no matter who else is holding the pole. You sometimes even have to pry your fingers from underneath their squishy bodies. It grosses me out. Then there are those who bring things to work on on the train, i.e. cross stitch, crotchet, knit, sew, homework, read papers for work, write in their journals, etc. Just the other day, this guy from Peru approached me on the platform trying to get directions - only he doesn't speak any English. Unfortunately, my Spanish stinks to high heaven and even though I somehow conveyed this lack of skill to this guy, he insisted on carrying on a conversation with me. Ok, so what the hell am I to do at this point. I figure, "yeah, why not work on my Spanish a little?" A few words back & forth, not really understanding what's going on, I hop off the train. This is what happens when you spend 2 years of Spanish not learning Spanish. Ok, I've exhausted what part of my brain was left over from work today. I must now go heat up some gumbo that I made yesterday and then plop myself down on the couch to watch some Fear Factor. Tootles kids.

 Funny thing happened to us on the way to the Upright Citizens Brigade (UCB) last night. We're in a cab in Astoria heading for the bridge to Manhattan when my window was struck by an orange. Yes, an orange. I'm just thankful that the window didn't shatter. Fucked up. Anyway, we went to 2 shows last night at UCB and had a great time. We had to sit on the floor for the 2nd show and that was fine until about the last 20 minutes. Pain, pain, pain. I felt bad for stretching my legs out every now and then, but I really couldn't help it. All in all, an ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC show!! So then here I am at home by myself today and I do a few things around the house, i.e. vacuuming, cleaning the bathroom, washing dishes and the like. Then I decide to make some gumbo, so I head down to the grocery store to get supplies. I buy my groceries and head home, start cutting up onions, bell pepper & celery when it dawns on me that I've forgotten to get sausage. OK, so back down to the grocery store and find out that they don't have the right kind of sausage. So I debate on whether to go to another store and then decide to go & it takes me only about 2 minutes to find what I need but 10 minutes to get through the check-out line. I book it back to the apartment and finish up making the gumbo. Needless to say, it turned into a bigger ordeal than I thought it would have been. Well, not too many new links for you today, but there is this: Want to practice your typing skills in a fun game? urlLink Click here - it even has a groovy beat to go with it.

 My sister sent me this file and I wanted to share it with all, but unfortunately, I can't post it. Just as well I guess since it had some big, big nudity in it. I then found a link to it on another website, but they've pulled the file. Go figure. Nothing too exciting happening this weekend. Chris & I went out to eat last night at this place called The Brick Oven here in Astoria. Very nice & quaint. It was only a 15 minute walk there and back, which hopefully helped burn off some of that dessert! Now on Comedy Central's Dave Chappelle's show, they did a skit about Rick James. For all of you fans out there - CHRIS - here's a little something for you. You can get your own urlLink I'm Rick James, Bitch! shirt for a mere $14! Come on, you know you want one! And if you have money running out of your ass and your out of fresh ideas for Holloween this year, urlLink click here and try Riders. I can't imagine hopping on the subway wearing this. This past Halloween we squeezed in next to Jesus complete with cross. It was a tight squeeze, but we managed it. I think he grazed my ass at one point, but it was Jesus so what was I to do? Ok, that's all I have for now. Until later . . .

 Interesting enough, presidential hopeful John Kerry has made mysterious claims that various foreign leaders are pulling for him to beat GW in November. However, he won't release any names since it might damage their relationship with the current administration. There's an urlLink article in the Washington Times about this and how they've checked into his travels over the last year or so and cannot substantiate any meeting that he's had with any foreign leaders. Not only that, they say that no foreign leaders have even been in the same area as Mr. Kerry with one exception though Kerry was not at that meeting. The article goes on to say how 75% of those polled thought that terrorists would be happier with a Kerry win in November. I'm not trying to make this a political blog by any means, but this whole election year so far just irritates me. If America's image wasn't tarnished enough, the bogus claims by Kerry make us the laughing stock of the world. In the urlLink Washington Times article , there is this quote by Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer: "I think it's probably better to keep foreign leaders and the views of foreign leaders out of domestic elections, I mean, certainly we do that here in this country. I mean, people express different views to you, if you're a candidate, I tend not to pass on those kinds of views publicly."

 OK, well blogger or the internet just ate my post. Too bad, cause you missed some pretty boring shit. So now I peruse my usual pages and I happened upon a story of a urlLink 52-year-old man from Kenya had not bathed in 10 years. His odor was so bad, the townspeople hatched a plan to trap him, tie him up and then bathe him. Well, like the saying goes, it takes a village . . . For all of you out there fed up with your computer, work, or whatever, here's a little game to help you rid your aggression. You basically just urlLink beat the crap out of your virtual computer . Takes a little while to load, but works just the same. And this website, you just can't beat - urlLink third nipple piercings . Yep, third nipple piercing. No, I didn't stutter and I know you're dying to look. Don't worry, no one will tell on you if you just look. You know you want to. Go ahead - it'll make your booty wink. (courtesy Jerry Brown) Ok, now someone please tell me I'm right because I have a hard time believing this is real. urlLink Click here and tell me what you think. The picture has to be doctored. Right?

 I forgot to tell you about my embarrassing mishap at work today. Olivia went downstairs to smoke and her boss comes looking for her to bring 2 coffees to a meeting. I offer to get the coffee, grab the company coffee mugs & head down the hall for some fresh coffee. After arranging it all on a small tray, I proceed to one of the conference rooms, see a meeting but can't see who's holding the meeting due to the way he was sitting. I walk in, realize it's not the meeting I'm looking for but proceed to offer coffee to the 2 guests as our guy is looking at me quizzically and says "no, but that's nice of you to offer." I then excuse myself and then head off to find the right conference room. Face turning red. Laughing to myself. Looking pretty stupid when you consider that all of the interior walls of the office are glass from the waist up. Ok, so it's not as funny now that I'm typing it all out, but trust me, it was funny at the time. Trust me.

 Just in time for Martha, here are the urlLink 5 cushiest prisons . And the dumbest Wal-Mart shopper of all time - A woman was caught trying to pass off a fake $1 million bill at Wal-Mart by purchasing over $1,600 worth of merchandise. Now, I know we've all been to Wal-Mart and they scrutinize $100 bills that come through the registers. I find it hard to believe this woman actually thought she could get away with a $1 million dollar bill. After they arrested her, they found 2 more in her purse. And the kicker is that the US Treasury doesn't even produce $1 million bills, though they are available to purchase as souvenirs at some stores. Ah, yes, urlLink Men in Kilts . It's all I've ever wanted in life. Interesting little website I found here called urlLink Rebel Holler . I haven't explore it completely, so feel free to give a shot and let me know in the comments section if it sucks. It's certainly a little different. And is it wrong that I want a urlLink Sperm Toilet Seat ? And it's like $12. Who can beat that? This next site makes me cringe a little. It's a guy getting shocked by urlLink 16,600 volts of electricity . Remind me never to do PCP. Or you can take a little pop quiz: can you tell which one is a urlLink female or shemale ? I got 12 out of 16. I demand a recount!

 We're having the strangest weather this week. It was all nice and sunny last week - temperatures into the 60's. This week, IT'S SNOWING. And not just some teeny-tiny little snow flurries here and there. Big fat snowflakes! And now it's stopped. Good, since I forgot my umbrella today. On the work front, I've finally gotten most of the tax forms faxed off to the 50-something people who requested them. Unfortunately, my boss dumped a whole load of stuff on the production department (which are requests for presentation materials - like 20 copies of each in color). Most of the people in that department are cussing him about now. One girl is so busy (& upset) she won't even look at me since I'm his messenger. And I think he's just informed me in a roundabout way that I may be staying late to help him get something done since he'll be out the rest of the week. On top of that, I still have to go over to my friend's apt in Sunnyside (Queens) to feed her cat. She had to fly home to take care of her mom who broke her hip while her dad goes to the funeral of his wife's brother. Follow me? Tends to get a little confusing at times. I guess this means that Chris will have to start the dinner we were supposed to make last night. Lucky Chris. Oh! And on top of that big pile of crap, I'm exhausted again today. I can feel that pain between my shoulders again. Pretty cool urlLink blog by a fellow NY'er .

 Change of plans on dinner - we're ordering in instead. General Tso's Chicken with a side of crab rangoons. Wish you were eating at my house, don't ya? And I forgot to say this because I meant to call last night when Chris got home, but fell asleep: HAPPY (BELATED) BIRTHDAY MR. MIKE!!

 Another grueling day at the office. It started off by some investor screaming at me on the phone. I was proud of myself as I held my tongue instead of telling him to "F*ck off!" Then, as I'm trying to hole punch the 3000+ pages of tax forms, I jammed the electric hole punch and ended up having to cut my papers out of it. Then it was off to email a request for duplicates for these destroyed forms. Great day, great day! On the plus side: TODAY IS DAWN'S BIRTHDAY!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY CORN NUT! Tee hee!! Anyway, there weren't too many exciting things today. I'm so completely exhausted I could lie down and cry. And now I have to go do the dishes and then help Chris make dinner. We're trying out some pork stirfry tonight. Don't know how it will work out. OK, to dishes & dinner . . .

 Non curo. Si metrum non habet, non est poema. "I don't care. If it doesn't rhyme, it isn't a poem." You are a type A personality. You like bright things, you don't call in sick to work, and you have devastating opinions about art. urlLink Which Weird Latin Phrase Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Well, not much news on this Saturday. Chris, Sergio & I went to Best Buy, Game Stop & Sports Authority today in Sunnyside. I picked up some workout clothes & a new sports bra along with a jump rope. Sergio says that jumping rope will be lower impact than running, so I'm giving it try. Only problem is that I'll have to go outside to jump rope since it's 9 feet long and hits everything/one around me in the living room. NYC apartments are a little small for my tastes. Then, we picked up Jackson on our way back to the apartment. He's spending the night with us while his mom goes out on a date. She'll pick him up sometime tomorrow. So once we got here, we ordered pizza and watched School of Rock with Jack Black. Cute movie and a must have for the teenage'd ones in your life. That's my day in a nutshell - sadly I'm not leaving much out. It's been that slow today. And now I need to go scoop out Berg's litterbox so he doesn't dig a whole into the basement. I say ... and you think ... ? (courtesy urlLink Unconscious Mutterings ) 1. Dogma - Kevin Smith movie 2. Spirit - Ghost 3. Voodoo - New Orleans 4. Demon - Devil 5. Digital - pictures 6. Ceremony - religous 7. Research - books 8. Career - path 9. Penis - good times 10. Film - movie

 Saturday Links: I don't really care to urlLink invade Canada , but if you'd like, you can read why this guy thinks we should. And if you're fascinated with stick figures fighting each other - and why wouldn't you be - then urlLink click here . What household would be complete without the urlLink Penis Owner's Manual . It's "the definitive guide to the male sex machine." It's chock full of information! Ever heard of pencil carving? Me either - until I clicked on urlLink this website . Pretty neat, though these people must have loads of time on their hands and loads of patience to go with it. For your learning pleasure, here is urlLink The History of the Dildo . It's actually interesting to read, so give a whirl. That's all for now. Until tomorrow, hopefully . . .

 border="0" alt="light"> You're Element is Light. You are friendly, happy,social, bubbly, and can brighten up any one's day. You are very kind and a real people person because you have several friends (or atleast should). You're cheery nature makes you lovable and your stunning looks are sweet and stand out. urlLink What's your Element (girls)? brought to you by urlLink quizilla.com

 Eeek! Yucky day here in the Big Apple. The buildings have all but disappeared across the street due to the fog. Everyone around me seems to be in a funky mood, including me. And it seems to be affecting my typing abilities. I could use a massage for sure. Chris & Sergio went out again last night for what has become their weekly ritual. They didn't get home until 5:30 am so I can only guess that they had a good time. Since I always have to work the next morning, I'm never invited to these little soirées. Oh, well. Don't cry over spilled milk, right? I had the strangest dream last night. I was at a restaurant going up a set of stairs meant for the waitstaff (cause the elevator was broken) but on my way up, I changed my mind and headed back down. Then all of a sudden I was riding the stairs, which had turned into a Ferris wheel. There was some guy standing below smiling watching me ride and we were talking as I went past. Then I woke up. Don't know what that was all about. Anyway, I wrote my rent check to Chris last night and on the memo line, I wrote "for sexual favors." He hasn't noticed yet, but I'm hoping that he does before he deposits the check today. Maybe someone at the bank will notice and give him a funny look. Tee Hee!! Goodness! We're supposed to go watch Starsky & Hutch this evening when I get home. Can't wait!! I love a good Ben Stiller/Owen Wilson movie! My friend Olivia, who I work with, just walked by with her monkey wrapped up in her pashmina - or cape as we like to call it. (I guess I should first explain that she has a sock monkey that sits on her desk here at work.) I wished her and her new arrival well. She says she's going to breast feed him. And something a little different: My 5 Gratitudes for Today: 1. Seeing my husband passed out in bed (finally) and he's still mostly on his side 2. The first sip of coffee this morning 3. Stepping outside at lunch to get a cup of 5-star gourmet chili for $6 4. Walking into my apt after a long day at work 5. Climbing into bed next to my hunny!

 Chris & I have started to go walking after work now that the weather is getting warmer. We'd have gone running today, but I've just been way too tired after work for the last couple of days. Next week. So anyway, there's a lot of talk about how many of the widows from 9/11 are upset at Bush because he uses images of the destroyed WTC in a campaign commercial. I find this issue a little tricky: it was certainly a historical event that took place during Bush's administration that he handled well, however it's wrong to use this personal tradegy as a political platform. I would say that it seems like they could have found another way to tie the two together without using those images, but I went to the website and watched the video (entitled urlLink Safer, Stronger ) and it's very well done and only on the screen for like 2 seconds. I don't find it offensive at all, but then again, I didn't personally lose anyone on that Tuesday. I was here that day and I can't say that it didn't effect me in a lingering way - still does to this day. But Bush & Kerry are tied in urlLink today's polls and like I said yesterday, things are going to get nasty this year. Well, in Texas, a woman gave urlLink birth to her own grandchildren . I guess it had to happen in the South, didn't it? And I know I shouldn't find this funny, but I can't help but laugh! Seniors at a urlLink retirement home in Florida got into a fight at the salad bar over lettuce. Three people were hurt and had to be taken to the hospital for minor injuries - but it's just funny darn it! This next one is just neat. It's one of those things that would be fun to have, but you wouldn't want to admit spending money on. Ooo! I think urlLink I want one ! And for the urlLink courageous hampster that is in a better place now. May the dumbasses who launched you into the air have a backup plan next time around. Can you imagine having a urlLink famous feces picture frame sitting on your desk at work? OK, maybe not at work. Alright, gonna go watch Friends, Will & Grace, The Apprentice, and Scrubs. Later Gators.

 Just a preview of what's to come in the upcoming election. Click on this link and then click on the link for urlLink Unprincipled, Chapter 1 . It's gonna be a nasty one, kids.

 I've gone and done the unthinkable - I now have a piece of clothing that is pink. Only it's not too pink, but rather mauve. At least that's my story. I can't believe I'm wearing pink - and I've actually gotten a load of compliments on it, too. Damn pink skirt. Now I'm going to have to wear it more often. So I'm getting ready for work this morning and listening to the urlLink news when I hear this atrocious story of a 20-year-old woman in the Bronx whose heart was cut out after turning down her boyfriend's marriage proposal on Valentine's Day. Can you say fecked up? Also, in the news, it seems we'll be seeing a Kerry/Bush face-off later this year in the presidential elections. I guess I can't say that I didn't see that one coming. Still doesn't mean that I like Kerry all that much. It seems that an individual or group is trying to urlLink blackmail the French government . They sent a letter saying there were 10 bombs hidden throughout the state-run railway system and they would be detonated unless they were paid over $5 million. French police have already discovered one of the bombs and defused it saying that it was a very sophisticated bomb. All I can say is that I hope they find all of those bombs before we roll through there in September.

 Well boys & girls, I've finally found out that Dick Clark is 74 years old! The world's oldest teenager they call him. I wonder just how much work he's had done . . . Oh well, I'm sure Joan Rivers is catching up to him anyway. Nothing really new on this fine day here in the Big Apple. I read Court's blog and I found her French wedding experience very interesting indeed. I can't believe that they start the reception so late in the evening - and there are 2 of them! Oh! And the fact that marriage is a civil union at the courthouse with no big frills - onto the religious ceremony with barely any frills. They must save it all for that 2nd reception that lasts until the break of dawn. Big shout out to one of my favorite new blogs: urlLink Rita ! Kick ass stuff girl, kick ass! Don't know if I'd ever give possum stew a try, but you never know just what you'll eat when you're hungry enough - or you don't know what that mystery meat is in the stew. But in case any of you are missing out on the recipe of possum stew, urlLink here it is ! I hope to add more of the blog addresses that I visit on a regular basis to the list on the right very soon.

 Something for you to do besides sitting there scratching yourself: If only all white kids could be this cool. urlLink Check this out ! Wow! A urlLink kids Guns 'N Roses tribute band - little bit scary. This next little video is also very, very disturbing. I'll never look at urlLink hamburgers and potato salads the same.

 I wanted to get on the computer yesterday to post, but I was busier than a one-armed paperhanger. And I don't know why I'm so frustrated today, but I think it's going to get better as the day goes on. It is so absolutely beautiful outside today that I don't see how I could stay in a rotten mood. Normally, I go downstairs to get lunch and then come right back to my desk to eat, but I just couldn't today. So Dawn and I ate outside at Rockefeller Center right next to the skating rink, but above 1 level. Beautiful!! So I went to see The Passion of the Christ again yesterday and it is a phenomenal movie. Please go see this movie! If nothing else, it brings a human aspect to the story of Christ - something that I think was missing during all of my years in catechism. Some people cried, some didn't, some flinched each time Jesus was beaten, some didn't, and some couldn't take it at all and left the theater. Each moviegoer had a different experience and this is the type of movie that makes you reflect. Just what a good - I mean GREAT - movie should do. Fantastic job, Mel Gibson, fantastic job! Good news is you are obese and you've done something drastic to help lower your weight - you can urlLink deduct it from your taxes ! But since I'm not a tax consultant, please don't reference this site when you get a knock on your door from the IRS. You are not my child and I will not take responsibility for your tax shortcomings. Frankly, the IRS scares the hell out of me. Here's something you don't see everyday: A town in Vermont, urlLink Killington , wants to succeed from Vermont and join New Hampshire. Wild! I haven't heard of any sort of succession since the Civil War, and well, technically, I didn't hear that directly.

 I love Thursdays! And even though it's payday, I'm still broke since my rent money comes out of this paycheck. And to top it all off, I opened up our rent invoice and our monthly rent went up by $98. No notice or anything which pretty much sucks. Rent nearly kills me & I hear they may raise subway fares! They're bleeding us dry! NYC had a budget surplus of like $4 million at least - you'd think they would help the straphangers out since they raised fares not even a year ago! Ahhh! Geez!! Assholes! Whew! I'm glad I got that off my chest! Berg is being evil as usual. He's scratching on the chair, the movies on the shelf, the couch, the front door, the closet door, the mattress - everywhere except one of his two scratching posts. Go figure. Chris & Sergio are going out tonight to The Whiskey Bar. Chris hasn't been in a couple of weeks. It was time. I've been telling Chris that he needs to go to the doctor for his chronic indigestion. He has stubbornly refused. As a matter of fact, we just went back and forth with me trying to get him to go and him saying, "I don't want to go because of needles. If they can do something without needles, I'll definitely go." At this point, I assured him that there's a really good chance they won't have to draw blood or anything, but since I didn't say "100% sure," that's not really good enough for him. I was turned down. He's stubborn and hard-headed for sure.

 I felt compelled to post this urlLink next link after hearing about it on the news this morning and then receiving the link in my email from a cousin - well, Chris's cousin to be exact (Thanks Dub!!) Anyway, this guy is divorced and found his ex's urlLink wedding dress when he was moving. Long story short, he is selling it on eBay. He's even modeled the gown himself and his comments are absolutely hilarious. Please, urlLink go and enjoy ! You'll love it, too! Not so much happening today. We went to the UCB last night and it was hilarious! We stayed for 1 1/2 shows - I was getting a little ancy(sp?) toward the end. Today, Chris signed up for his Level 2 classes at UCB. His graduation performance is in a couple of weeks & I know he'll do great! I'm proud of him for taking these classes because he truly enjoys them. The book list that is going about: I've seen it on a couple different blogs. I got it from urlLink Sheila O'Malley . If you want to play, just post the list on your own site, putting the titles you have read in bold. Beowulf Achebe, Chinua - Things Fall Apart Agee, James - A Death in the Family Austen, Jane - Pride and Prejudice Baldwin, James - Go Tell It on the Mountain Beckett, Samuel - Waiting for Godot Bellow, Saul - The Adventures of Augie March Brontë, Charlotte - Jane Eyre Brontë, Emily - Wuthering Heights Camus, Albert - The Stranger Cather, Willa - Death Comes for the Archbishop Chaucer, Geoffrey - The Canterbury Tales Chekhov, Anton - The Cherry Orchard Chopin, Kate - The Awakening Conrad, Joseph - Heart of Darkness Cooper, James Fenimore - The Last of the Mohicans Crane, Stephen - The Red Badge of Courage Dante - Inferno de Cervantes, Miguel - Don Quixote Defoe, Daniel - Robinson Crusoe Dickens, Charles - A Tale of Two Cities Dostoyevsky, Fyodor - Crime and Punishment Douglass, Frederick - Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass Dreiser, Theodore - An American Tragedy Dumas, Alexandre - The Three Musketeers Eliot, George - The Mill on the Floss Ellison, Ralph - Invisible Man Emerson, Ralph Waldo - Selected Essays Faulkner, William - As I Lay Dying Faulkner, William - The Sound and the Fury Fielding, Henry - Tom Jones Fitzgerald, F. Scott - The Great Gatsby Flaubert, Gustave - Madame Bovary Ford, Ford Madox - The Good Soldier Goethe, Johann Wolfgang von - Faust Golding, William - Lord of the Flies Hardy, Thomas - Tess of the d'Urbervilles Hawthorne, Nathaniel - The Scarlet Letter Heller, Joseph - Catch 22 Hemingway, Ernest - A Farewell to Arms Homer - The Iliad Homer - The Odyssey Hugo, Victor - The Hunchback of Notre Dame Hurston, Zora Neale - Their Eyes Were Watching God Huxley, Aldous - Brave New World Ibsen, Henrik - A Doll's House James, Henry - The Portrait of a Lady James, Henry - The Turn of the Screw Joyce, James - A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man Kafka, Franz - The Metamorphosis Kingston, Maxine Hong - The Woman Warrior Lee, Harper - To Kill a Mockingbird Lewis, Sinclair - Babbitt London, Jack - The Call of the Wild Mann, Thomas - The Magic Mountain Marquez, Gabriel García - One Hundred Years of Solitude Melville, Herman - Bartleby the Scrivener Melville, Herman - Moby Dick Miller, Arthur - The Crucible Morrison, Toni - Beloved O'Connor, Flannery - A Good Man is Hard to Find O'Neill, Eugene - Long Day's Journey into Night Orwell, George - Animal Farm Pasternak, Boris - Doctor Zhivago Plath, Sylvia - The Bell Jar Poe, Edgar Allan - Selected Tales Proust, Marcel - Swann's Way Pynchon, Thomas - The Crying of Lot 49 Remarque, Erich Maria - All Quiet on the Western Front Rostand, Edmond - Cyrano de Bergerac Roth, Henry - Call It Sleep Salinger, J.D. - The Catcher in the Rye Shakespeare, William - Hamlet Shakespeare, William - Macbeth Shakespeare, William - A Midsummer Night's Dream Shakespeare, William - Romeo and Juliet Shaw, George Bernard - Pygmalion Shelley, Mary - Frankenstein Silko, Leslie Marmon - Ceremony Solzhenitsyn, Alexander - One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich Sophocles - Antigone Sophocles - Oedipus Rex Steinbeck, John - The Grapes of Wrath Stevenson, Robert Louis - Treasure Island Stowe, Harriet Beecher - Uncle Tom's Cabin Swift, Jonathan - Gulliver's Travels Thackeray, William - Vanity Fair Thoreau, Henry David - Walden Tolstoy, Leo - War and Peace Turgenev, Ivan - Fathers and Sons Twain, Mark - The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn Voltaire - Candide Vonnegut, Kurt Jr. - Slaughterhouse-Five Walker, Alice - The Color Purple Wharton, Edith - The House of Mirth Welty, Eudora - Collected Stories Whitman, Walt - Leaves of Grass Wilde, Oscar - The Picture of Dorian Gray Williams, Tennessee - The Glass Menagerie Woolf, Virginia - To the Lighthouse Wright, Richard - Native Son Well, it would seem after selecting all of my titles, I realized that I need to start reading more classics instead of the junk I usually read - historical romances.

 Here's a little something you don't see in the news these days: urlLink Explorers are planning a quest to Turkey's Mt. Ararat in search of Noah's Ark . Biblical stories have placed the Ark near this location, however, past expeditions never turned up any evidence. Then in last summer's heat wave that hit Europe, "a mammoth structure" was exposed and thanks to satellite imagery, they've been able to pinpoint a more exact location. I think it would be very exciting if they found a boat-like structure up there. It would certainly boost a lot of people's faith. I was reading on ABCnews.com about a family of 7 who eats on less than $12/day. They now actually run a business from their home that teaches others how to do the same thing. I found it an interesting read, so urlLink click here to read their story or urlLink click here to go straight to their website. And I just read this story on urlLink CNN.com about a guy who is attending NYU, but couldn't afford to pay a $1000 housing deposit so he's been living in one of the school's libraries for the last 8 months. He kept an online journal ( urlLink homelessatnyu.com ), which is how school officials discovered him and then moved him to a free dorm room. Very interesting since I read a book not that long ago where a girl lived in the school library as well. There is a report our on urlLink SmokingGun.com about an assistant writer for "Friends" who has filed a lawsuit against 3 of the writers. She claimed they were lewd in their actions and comments and frequently spoke of the actors/actresses in a lewd (read sexual) fashion. But, please, go check it out for yourself. Ok, so now Chris & I are off to go to Herald Night at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater. It's a cheap night of hilarious entertainment - only $5 per person during the week & only $8 per person on the weekends. I can't think of anything cheaper in NYC. Except for my Goodwill Dress. About 4 years ago, Easter snuck up on me and I didn't have a dress to wear or really any money to buy it with. I could have asked my Mom & Dad to buy me one, but I thought I should at least give it a shot. I stopped by Goodwill looking for a cool purse, throw pillows or scarves when I glanced at the rack of dresses. I found a nice little red dress that is sleeveless with a red paisley design on a chiffon-like material over a red sheath that goes to my knees. Marked at $5 (read: affordable), I brought it to the register and low & behold, it's on sale 1/2 price. That's right, my $5 dress was now a mere $2.50. I still own that red dress and I get compliments every time I wear it. It's probably the cheapest since item of clothing that I have & it's what I get the most compliments on. I'm confused. I still wear it because it's so comfortable and is wrinkle resistant. I can ball it up, toss it in a bag and it's fine. Again, confused but I'm Ok with that. It's my Goodwill Dress.

 I would just like to celebrate the fact that I am now a SLIMY MOLLUSC in the Blogosphere!! And that's all I can say about that for now. I wanted to post all of the different levels, but I'm too tired to look. Not much happening in the wide world of Cooper today. It got cold again - go figure. I wish it would just turn warm already! I'm tired of this cold, overcast, rainy crap that is 2004. OK, I have to go start dinner because Chris is refusing to do anything until I'm standing next to him breathing on his neck. And since I'm pretty damn hungry and he's cutting the chicken, I have to make a choice here . . .

 Well, instead of SoHo/East Village, Chris & I wandered aimlessly around Greenwich Village. I absolutely love this part of the city. It just has an energy to it that our current neighborhood in Astoria (or all of Queens for that matter) simply lacks. One of the things Chris received when his grandmother passed away was an old pipe that his grandfather used to smoke. So while we wandered around yesterday, he picked up a pack of vanilla pipe tobacco along with one of those little cleaning tools. He smoked when he got home. It didn't stink like most pipes stink thanks to the vanilla, though I must say that it was a little weird to see him smoke a pipe. While we were out and about yesterday, we also explored the shops at the new Time Warner Center. Nice place and very clean. That's about all I have to say about that. Most stores exceeded my budget. We went into one lady's clothing store where everything was somewhat expensive, but what I noticed is that for as costly as they were, most of them were falling apart. Call me crazy, but why would I pay $425 for a sun dress when the straps are no longer attached the garment and the ends are now all frayed. Perhaps their manager should do a floor check and weed out some of the damaged pieces. Perhaps I simply won't shop there & I shouldn't worry about it. Now today, Amanda and I are supposed to go to Herald Square to find her something to wear to her sister's baby shower. After that, we might go see Jersey Girl. Ok, so I need to go take a shower now & rid myself of this funk.

 Chris & I went to see Kill Bill: Vol 2 last night and it was great! Not as bloody as the first one, but it tied up all ends in a nice little package. I definitely recommend it, but please watch Vol. 1 before seeing Vol. 2. That's just the way these things work, people. Weekend Links: urlLink Classic SNL skit on how to deal with your child being gay . Hilarious! Now here are a series of cartoons by the creators of South Park - need I say they are dirty, contain nudity & obviously not appropriate to watch during "working hours" unless of course you think you're a badass and can get away with it. Just remember: the IT department is watching!! urlLink Cartoon #1 urlLink Cartoon #2 And now for something you can share with your whole family: urlLink Escher's "Relativity" in Legos . Pretty cool, but I wonder how long it took them to do this. I'm sure I'm going to hell for putting this next link on here, but I simply couldn't resist. It's the urlLink Jesus Christ action figure playset . Cross not included. urlLink THE WARNING SIGNS OF MASTURBATION . Sponsored by your local White House. What frightens me on this one is that this website looks so official, yet very obvious it's completely satirical. Please correct me if I'm wrong on this one. OK, that's enough for today. Hopefully more links will follow tomorrow. Today's plan is to wander aimlessly around the SoHo/East Village part of Manhattan today since it is such a beautiful day! Get out & enjoy the nice weather!

 Today's meme is pretty simple: 1. Pick up the nearest book. 2. Open to page 23. 3. Post the 5th sentence and these instructions. Tomorrow she goes to Mercy. from The True And Outstanding Adventures of the Hunt Sisters by Elisabeth Roginson

 Talk to me baby Say something nice Talk to me honey I need your advice Never mind fortune Never mind fame I don't wear diamonds I don't drink champagne So, what's that song? Can you guess it? Let's see if anyone gets this one right. Otherwise, I'm sitting here wasting some time. I need to do laundry tonight, but it was kind of busy at the laudromat when I walked past it on my way home. So I figure I'll wait until about 6:45 or 7 pm and then give it a shot. Last night & tonight are free dryer nights so there are always tons of people fighting for dryers. You only save like $2 to $3 and I would rather pay extra so I don't have to fight others for machines, but we are completely out of towels and my underwear selection is starting to thin out. Interestingly enough, I was having this same conversation with one of my coworkers and she said that she only does laundry like once a month. My jaw nearly hit the floor, but she explained that most of their clothes go to the dry cleaner. Insane! I wish I only had to do laundry once a month, but then I would hate to see my dry cleaner bill. Chris is napping on the couch after having a late night. He only got like 3 hours of sleep before he dragged himself (with my help) out of bed and into the shower. I've been up since before 5 am, but I don't do naps well. I usually wake up very cranky & moody and then I just feel like shit. He also had one too many whiskeys. I've certainly been there before. "Dear God, please don't let me throw up. I promise I won't drink on an empty stomach again." I'm sure I've heard those words come out of my mouth at least once . . . Ok, off to do laundry. Wish me luck!

 Ok, so I have another new layout. Drop me a comment if you can't read the text or if you have any other problems. And I added pictures to the Gallery 3 link on the right from Ruthie, Cacky & Savannah's trip. I'm afraid the text will have to come later since I'm having trouble with the text editor for that website.

 So not much happening tonight. Chris went to Peter Luger's Steakhouse in Brooklyn with some of his friends from the hotel. I opted out tonight since 1) I wasn't aware it was tonight, and 2) I really didn't feel like going. I'm still recovering from this weekend. I feel kind of bad for not going, but I really was somewhat blindsided by it even though Chris insists that he told me about this on Saturday. Unfortunately, I was busier than a one armed paper hanger on Saturday. urlLink This link will make you somewhat crazy. Don't really know what it has to do with epilepsy, but that's what the site says anyway. Well, the urlLink world's oldest mouse celebrated his 4th birthday this past Saturday. He is the equivalent of 136 in human years. Happy Birthday Yoda! And as it turns out, urlLink Abe Vigoda is alive today. Who'd have guessed? This next story tugs at my heart. This cat now named urlLink China, was trapped in a cardboard shipping box for 30 days. It somehow got trapped in a box that contained bird cages from China. It traveled by ship to the West Coast and then by rail to Tampa where it was found. When they brought it to the vet, it only weighed about 3 pounds. Yes, I'm a cat person. Here are more urlLink pictures from someone who had spare time and photoshop on their computer. Interesting & freaky all at the same time - especially the urlLink 4th picture down . And finally, here is some of the urlLink coolest code art ever ! Just click on the names on the left. Cool, huh? Oh! I simply cannot leave without singing the praises of this group of urlLink Roman Catholic schoolgirls . I guess they were tired of looking at his willie.

 I would say "sorry" for the lack of posts, but I've had a damn good time with my guests since they got here on Thursday. Now our apartment is entirely too quiet so Chris has decided to run his power tools to help mask the void. Ruthie (Chris's mom), Cacky (his sister), and Savannah (Cacky's youngest at 16 months) came in on Thursday afternoon. Once they got here, we visited a bit and made dinner. Then we had us a little ceremony of sorts. When Chris's grandmother passed away, they divided her belongings amongst the children. In the end, they had some of her jewelry that they turned into rings for the granddaughters - and I got one, too. Mine is a ruby that came from a 40-Anniversary wedding gift that her husband gave her. It's so pretty and I'm very touched that I was included cause one day, I hope to have a little girl to pass along the ring. I love sentimental gifts. They mean more than any expensive gift in some bright shiny store. Chris also received his granddaddy's walking cane and some of his watches. During their stay, we hit Chinatown up to Prince Street, Columbus Circle, Mandarin Oriental Hotel, Central Park (picnic), Rockefeller Center/Midtown area, Jeckyl & Hyde Club, City Lobster & Crab Company, The Brooklyn Diner, Ricky's (adult store - and yes, purchases were made but those stories shall be told another time), The Upright Citizens Brigade, and shopping, shopping, shopping & shopping!!! They left the apartment at 4:15 this morning. I miss them already, but Berg is really upset he doesn't have his choice of luggage to lay on and roll around. He's currently taking out his aggression on one of my chairs. The bastard. By the way, I will be changing the layout soon to something that everyone can read. Ok, I have to go watch the end of Fear Factor - they had to do some pretty disgusting stuff on Day Two.

 We just booked our trip to Italy baby!! Whoo hoo!! 3 nights in Rome, 3 nights in Florence & 3 nights in Venice! I'm so excited! Neither Chris nor I have been to Europe - or taken a vacation together for that matter. This will be just after our 2 year anniversary. Yeah!! Interesting little tidbit: the national debt clock that hangs in Union Square here in NYC has been taken down. The building where it was hung is being demolished. It will be replaced with a new higher-tech clock next month and hung about a block north. When the clock was taken down, the national debt was more than $7 trillion. Ruthie, Cacky & Savannah are coming tomorrow!! I so can't wait! Bring on the Yaya good times!! I've recently discovered (about a month ago) urlLink this website that is more political than I'll ever be on my site. I've enjoyed urlLink his posts so far. His post today is about John Kerry and the purple hearts he received for injuries while serving in the military. Check it out. I think you'll definitely see Kerry in a new light; an unflattering new light. I stopped by urlLink Dooce's site today and read about how she is going through postpartum depression. After reading her story, my heart goes out to her. I wish there was some way that I could help out. After reading her blog everyday, I feel like I know her. I simply wish there was an easy fix for depression, but I know there isn't. I must say that's something that scares me about getting pregnant. I've gone through my own funk a time or two, but never to the extent that she has. But she's a strong person and she'll make it through and then teach us all a lesson in return. Not much else is happening here in my little world. It's been raining since Monday. I'll be going to pick up our visitors tomorrow from the airport. Chris will have to meet us at the apartment cause he won't make it to the airport in time. My only concern is that the 2-hour live season finale of The Apprentice is tomorrow night and I desperately want to watch it. I may have to tape it, if the boys aren't playing video games. I seriously hope they're not playing video games.

 I'm not sure if anyone caught the Nick & Jessica Variety Show on Sunday night, but I did. I think the thing that drew me in was that I missed out on the heydays of variety shows. I was too young. So I watched with baited breath and I laughed at times and other times I realized it was all a little corny. But now that I've seen the first show, I'm wondering what they'll do different for the next show. Since it comes on Sunday nights, I'm sure I'll be watching it again due to the lack of quality programming offered during that timeslot. If you haven't watched it, check it out and let me know what you think. I read an article on MSNBC.com this morning that said the show was the highest rated during that timeslot Sunday night. Should be interesting to see if they can pull it off again. Anyway, Chris & I went to Bed Bath & Beyond after I got off work today. Bought us: a halogen lamp (all brushed steel like), a fogless shower mirror so we can stare at ourselves at random, 3 ice cube trays, a can opener that cuts the can so there are no sharp edges (of course), and some hangers for my skirts (cause I can't wear pants to work). At just under $150 later, we took a cab home. The cabbie had such horrible body odor that I almost choked. Which reminds me, this guy sat next to me on the train this morning and he smelled like vinegar and eggs. N-A-S-T-Y! Nasty!!

 BTW, I found this link on one of the blogs I read daily. urlLink Anne of In A Puddle has started a project to record the voice of random bloggers just like us. It's really cool and I think I'll do it in a few days time. Need to think of something to say so I don't sound like a complete dork. If you're interested, urlLink click here and then click on the link to listen to urlLink Ann of In A Puddle . She'll give you instructions. Hope to hear you soon!!

 So in case you're totally oblivious, I've got a new layout. I certainly like it better than the old one. Hope you like it and don't find it too confusing. Let me know in the comments box if you find something isn't working. I'll do my best to fix it.

 HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE!! Since you've all been good boys & girls, you get . . . . . LINKS!! Had you fooled, didn't I? This is pretty cool cause the urlLink bunny won't let go of your cursor until you shake him off. Appropriate for Easter I think. Then, of course, there is the urlLink milk rap commercial brought to you by the dairy farmers of Ontario. Unique to say the least. Takes a bit to load, but funny. This must be one of the best urlLink rush posters I've seen. Leave it to the urlLink TKE's . And if you'd like to know the difference between Europeans and Italians, just urlLink click here . OK, that's it cause there weren't that many good ones today. HAPPY EASTER!

 urlLink Interesting . I can't even think of anything else to describe, but I couldn't watch for too long or my eyeballs were gonna fall out. urlLink Cool, though, very cool . If only my office was the kind where we could pull something like urlLink this . Awesome guys! Awesome! Cool video of a urlLink one-legged guy dancing his ass off . He does more with one leg than most white people do with two. And this is a totally gross " urlLink brief safe " complete with skid marks. Fantastic! This - This is insane! It's a urlLink thorax cake which bled different sauces. Here's hoping someone I know will be incredibly cool and make this one day because they have nothing better to do with their time. Seems like it would take quite a while to do. Ok, off to watch Texas Chainsaw Massacre.

 23 QUESTIONS (thanks to urlLink Dagoddess and urlLink Rita ) 1. Grab the book nearest to you, turn to page 18, find line 4. What does it say? "all of the discoveries made about creating scenes, all of" from TRUTH IN COMEDY, which is a book Chris had to read for his class. 2. Stretch your left arm out as far as you can. What do you touch first? the paper shredder 3. What is the last thing you watched on TV? Just finished Gothika (w/Halle Berry) on DVD 4. WITHOUT LOOKING, can you guess what the time is? 11:15 p.m. 5. Now look at the clock, what is the actual time? 11:20 p.m. (not bad surprisingly) 6. With the exception of the computer, what can you hear? Chris whispering into my forehead 7. When did you last step outside? What were you doing? Got home around 8:30 pm from dropping off food at Amanda's, looking for a halogen lamp at Home Depot (unsuccessfully) and then stopping by Best Buy to pick up 4 DVDs. 8. Before you came to this website, what did you look at? watched the Spider Man 2 trailer. 9. What are you wearing? a CBGB shirt, sleep pants & a green robe 10. Did you dream last night? Don't think so, but I had some crazy ass dreams earlier this week. 11. When did you last laugh? just now. 12. What is on the walls of the room you are in? white paint on plaster walls, 3 fluer-de-lis candle wall sconces on the wall to my right, a wooden shelf on the wall behind me, an iron fluer-de-lis cross on the wall to my left and nothing on the wall on front of me. 13. Seen anything weird lately? yes, the guy who delivered our dinner tonight had only half an arm on one side and what looked like a finger attached where the bend in his elbow should have been. He used it (the finger thing) to carry the bag of food and then to help count bills. 14. What do you think of this quiz? different 15. What is the last film you saw? In the theater? At home: Gothika In the Theater: Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind 16. If you became a multi-millionaire overnight, what would you buy first? a bigger apartment in Manhattan 17. Can you tell something about you that no one knows? yes, I could 18. If you could change one thing about the world, regardless of guilt or politics, what would you do? stop the senseless killing 19. Do you like to dance? yes, especially while washing dishes 20. George Bush: is he a power-crazy nut case or some one who is finally doing something that has needed to be done for years? The 2nd one and then I could elaborate further, but . . . 21. Imagine your first child is a girl, what do you call her? If my first child is a girl, I like the names Josephine (Joie for short) or Matilda (Millie or Tillie for short) 22. Imagine your first child is a boy, what do you call him? If my first child is a boy, I like the name Leo but Chris likes the name Leto (Children of Dune) 23. Would you ever consider living abroad? Theoretically, yes, but I know it would be too far away from my family & that would kill me.

 Do you know your urlLink pimp name ? I do. My urlLink pimp name is Macktastic empress Dogg - and don't you forget it. And while we're at it, do you know your urlLink porn name ? Surprisingly, I do. My porn name is Honey Lips , but then I chose a random identity and got Serenity Fox , which I like too. If Chris ever gets a hairy chest, I'm doing urlLink this to him. I found this cool website for a hotel in Berlin that has the coolest rooms! Check it out by urlLink clicking here . Awesome, isn't it? I personally found urlLink this a little offensive since it resembles Berg, but others may urlLink find it funny . And then, of course, there is urlLink Dionne Warwick's Cosmic Peephole . Fun and doesn't cost a thing. This is a pretty urlLink funny beer ad that I don't think I've ever seen on TV. Enjoy! If only beers really did that. Takes a little bit to load, but worth it.

 Stomach growling, feeling faint, must eat soon . . . so, I'm a little hungry and about to make some chicken alfredo pasta cause I'm a badass. And Chris will love it - except that I forgot to get the kind of pasta that he loves, but tough shit. I'm not getting dressed again to go back down to the store in the cold and the wind. April in NYC - ain't it grand? While I'm sitting here typing, The Rock is on Conan O'Brien and it reminded me to tell everyone: Chris met The Rock last week when he was staying at The Mandarin Oriental (hotel). Interestingly enough, he checked in under the name of "Mr. Cook." He only stayed like 1 night and then moved on. I could eat him with a spoon! Visitor update: Ruthie, Cacky & Savannah are coming up on the 15th for 4 days. Becca & Trevor are coming up at the end of May for her 21st birthday. Then, Brad & Adrianna are coming up at the end of June and, last but not least, there is a possibility that we'll get to see our friend Hiroshi after summer when he flies in from Las Vegas to visit a friend here in NYC. That's it so far this year. Oh! The piece de resistance (of course) is our upcoming trip to Italy. We've finally narrowed it down to staying in just Italy: 3 days in Rome, 3 days in Florence (with a day trip to Pisa), and 3 days in Venice. I SO can't wait! Chris and I have never been to Europe - hell, I don't think we've ever really taken a trip together by ourselves! And that's saying a lot considering we've been together for 9 years (married 2 and a half years). Ok, off to make dinner so I can EAT!!

 I'm doing my laundry today and the laundromat is 2 1/2 blocks away. A few moments ago, I went back to put the clothes into the dryer. On my way, this old man comes out of his apartment building wearing NOTHING but a thin navy blue robe. NOTHING else. NOTHING. Anyway, he then asks me if I wanted to come clean his apartment. I declined and told him I was doing my laundry, but thanks anyway. So he asks me if I wanted to come do laundry in his apartment. Ok, so "No thanks, I'm kind of busy. But thanks." WTF?!?

 Well, the Met was great! If you're ever in NYC, it's a must see - even before the American History Museum, which is usually packed to capacity. The Met was easier to get into (shorter lines) and they have a coat check. Very nice! Chris & I spent 3 hours there and only saw part of the 1st floor and a very small part of the 2nd floor. But one of the places we saw on the 2nd floor was just row after row of objects behind glass. There was virtually no one else up there and it almost felt like we weren't supposed to be there. Like we discovered some secret part of the museum. It was absolutely fantastic - and this from someone who's not a big "art" fan, but it certainly wasn't just paintings. There was so much more! Anyway, more on that later. I'm sill downloading pictures and I hope to post some to one of the picture galleries. Of course since everything was pretty much behind glass, you'll see our reflections in a few of them. Oh! And it was cool in the American Wing portion because they had these rooms that you could walk through that were set up just like those that would be typical of Virginia or Massachusetts or Maine in the late 1800's. Gorgeous!! Ok, enough! Cause here are your links!!! I know you're smiling and that makes me happy! So, here you go: This is just a strange story - almost sci-fi like: urlLink Woman Grows Extra Breasts . And not in a good way either! And now, urlLink The Rainbow Plucking Orgy . This was a children's cartoon that was broadcast in the 70's and 80's. I think it has a completely different connotation now and certainly wouldn't have made it on air. It's hard to keep a straight face watching it. OK, that's all for now. I need to go do laundry. More later.

 If I can get Chris out of bed, showered & dressed, then we're going to the Metropolitan Musuem of Art today. Don't think I'm being cruel - this was his idea. He went to go see Hellboy last night and I opted to sit out of this one. For some reason, comic book movies simply don't grab me. I'm sure I'm not the only soul walking the planet who thinks this way. Wow! I just woke the man up! Time for some morning lovin'! After he brushes his teeth that is.

 Some great links for ya: urlLink The Excorcist in 30 seconds - with bunnies . Absolutely fantastic & hilarious, but I'd suggest turning the volume down on your computer lest you go deaf. I'm sure most parents discourage urlLink playing with food , but this I might actually encourage. Don't know what this article is actually about since the headline is the coolest part!! urlLink Click here ! urlLink Check out this link . That's right! They have hyenas on leashes. Yep, hyenas. And if you haven't been able to urlLink slap a ho in a while, have no fear - just urlLink click here . I, myself, am a Super Pimp! Beat that! And I'm sorry, Chris, but this is the urlLink biggest penis I think I've ever seen! Even bigger than that donkey's penis in front of Mrs. Jackie's house! This is kinda fun for all of you familiar with the hip hop world. It's the urlLink Hip Hop Adventure ! Ok, I think you've had enough for today. But I couldn't leave you with the last link, so here you go. urlLink I think I want this for my birthday ! December 1st (hint, hint!!) It'll make the work day go faster!

 I've been working at the same job for the last 2 years and 8 months. I'm basically the middle-manwoman for an investment portfolio. 75% of the investors in this portfolio are elderly and when they call up for information or forms, they expect things to be done rather quickly because, as they often remind me, they may die soon. At this point, they usually pause and I really never know what to say: "Yep, so you'd better hurry up and cash that check. You could die later today even!" Yeah, that never really seems to blow over, so I usually just give them a monotone "Yes sir or Yes ma'am" and leave it at that. Every once in a while, I get a screamer on the phone. This person wants to know why they don't get more money and why I'm not doing something about them getting more money - all while screaming angrily into the phone. I've even been cussed at. I had a nice change from the norm the other day when a 75-year-old lady called me to change the name on her account. She was telling me all about her friend of 31 years who passed away and all of the things they used to do. She was laughing and carrying on; I must have talked to her for 30 minutes. Well, when she sent the paperwork back to me, it smelled of stale cigarettes but it also included a nice card. She wrote that it was the first time she laughed in 6 months. Made me feel all nice and gooey inside. I think I'll frame that card. I got this next little funny from urlLink DaGoddess and I simply couldn't resist since it made me laugh out loud at my computer monitor. Needless to say, I got a few strange looks! Here goes: It was opening night at the Orpheum and the Amazing Claude was topping the bill. People came from miles around to see the famed hypnotist do his stuff. As Claude took to the stage, he announced, "Unlike most stage hypnotists who invite two or three people up onto the stage to be put into a trance, I intend to hypnotize each and every member of the audience." The excitement was almost electric as Claude withdrew a beautiful antique pocket watch from his coat. "I want you each to keep your eye on this antique watch. It's a very special watch. It's been in my family for six generations." He began to swinging the watch gently back and forth while quietly chanting, "Watch the watch, watch the watch, watch the watch . . . ." The crowd became mesmerized as the watch swayed back and forth, light gleaming off its polished surface. Hundreds of pairs of eyes followed the swaying watch, until suddenly, it slipped from the hypnotist's fingers and fell to the floor, breaking into a hundred pieces. "Shit!" said they hypnotist. It took three weeks to clean up the theater.

 I'm fucked up! And Chris the Great is turning the AC on cause he's a badass. Today is Becca's birthday. A Marine bought us each a shot of Yagermeister (sp?) and I think we're all fucked up! And my brother-in-law, John, is a badass, too! Anyway, after the Met, we went to PJ Carnie's and had a couple of drinks a few appetizers. Then, we went to Faces & Names and had a few more drinks and a dish of curly fries. That's when the Marine bought us the drinks. We've had a good day & I must go since I can't type cause I'm too fucked up! Later gators!!

 My little sister is here!! Which is why I haven't posted since Wednesday. Well, that's not entirely true. On Thursday night, we had a going away party for a couple of people at work. I would have done fine with my Corona beers until the shot of Yagermeister & the shot of Jack Daniel's. It's the shots that kick my ass. So I was late for work on Friday, but I get points for at least making it. Right? Yeah, well, points for me anyway! Becca and Trevor came in Friday evening around 6 pm and then hit Times Square, Rockefeller Center & walked up 5th Avenue up to Central Park South. We've also seen Battery Park, the WTC site, the Wall Street Bull, Chinatown, SoHo, the East Village, Central Park, Madame Tussaud's Wax Museum, and Grand Central. And today: HAPPY 21st BIRTHDAY BECCA!! So today, we're obviously going to do a little drinking after we go to The Met (museum). I made her some chocolate cupcakes for breakfast & her boyfriend, Trevor, just went and got her some flowers - she's in the shower right now so she'll be surprised when she gets out. OK, gotta go!

 I can't decide if this is a urlLink music video or porn , so please, judge for yourself. This is not appropriate for work or small children & you need volume for the full affect. I just don't know what to say about it. Please, someone give me that word I'm so desperately looking for here . . . something besides urlLink Tralala . And following along the same lines, here's this urlLink snazzy ad for a cell phone company . Nice work, guys, nice work. And urlLink this is fantastic ! It makes me want to get up and dance just like that!

 Tonight is the big finale for American Idol. I didn't watch the first 2 seasons and the only reason I tuned in this season was because they cancelled Buffy. So really, what's a girl to do? I couldn't let this headline pass by without comment: urlLink Spanky the Circus Clown Charged With Child Porn . Ok, I think the name "Spanky" should have sent up red flags to start with. I just tried to get our passports and had one of the most confusing conversations I think I've ever had. I think I might need to get my hearing checked. That's probably my problem right there, but I'm actually afraid I'll need hearing aids or something & I'm just too young for that. It's really frustrating when you can't hear people. I think I know how my Dad feels sometimes. Anyway, I did the unthinkable yesterday: I unleashed Chris the Great in Best Buy unsupervised. I don't know what I was thinking. He came back with one movie in particular: urlLink Bubba Ho-Tep . It was one of the craziest, funniest movies I've seen in a long time! I'd recap, but I'm not sure I would even know where to start. It's a great movie so go see it!! I just went to urlLink Rita's site , took urlLink this quiz and found out that I'm a CENTRIST, which means: Centrists favor selective government intervention and emphasize practical solutions to current problems. They tend to keep an open mind on new issues. Many centrists feel that government serves as a check on excessive liberty. Ok, so now what?

 I saw a poll on CNN.com that asked who had a better plan for Iraq: Bush, Kerry or Nader. Correct me if I'm wrong, but Kerry hasn't even announced a plan for Iraq, has he? If so, I haven't heard a single thing about it. After stopping off at urlLink Rita's site, I came across urlLink this article and photo . Sponsored by MoveOn.org, it has (of course) been linked to the Kerry campaign which doesn't surprise me. I can tell you now I'll probably never ever support MoveOn - especially after seeing this bullshit. That's it!! I don't know what's wrong with the world today! I couldn't believe my eyes when I read that urlLink Western Washington University cancelled its annual Pornfest . I mean, what's wrong with us if we can't enjoy a little porn in a group setting? Who else will sponsor condom hunts and self-gratification information booths?!?

 Since I didn't get a chance to post last night, you get an early bird post. Unfortunately, not really much to post right now. Chris & I are going to apply for our passports today, I think. We were supposed to go yesterday, but he had a meeting after work and I can't seem to find a passport office that stays open past 4 pm. I'm going to have to take off a little early either today or tomorrow to get things done. Swell. On the up side, I'm seriously looking forward to Becca & Trevor coming up Friday! I think I'm mainly ready to do a little bar hopping, but who really knows. In an effort to help brighten your day, urlLink click here to read a blog by an intern having an affair with a Congressman. I haven't gotten too into it yet, but I'm sure I'll have at least an hour on my hands today to explore a little. And one more before I go: urlLink 213 Things Skippy Is No Longer Allowed To Do In The US Army . Enjoy my little ones, enjoy!

 Think you have a bad neighbor? urlLink Check this out . I just saw my neighbor a moment ago when I took the trash out. She said that I'm always cleaning, but after see urlLink that guy's apartment , I feel the need to go clean some more. And I love rollercoasters just as much as the next person, but after urlLink checking out this page , I'll think twice about wearing some itty bitty shorts on that next coaster. I've seen plenty of cottonfields, beanfields and cornfields in my lifetime but never a urlLink concrete cornfield . Strangely serene. This is a slightly different variation of the urlLink McDonald's ebonics ad that was sent around a few years back. Nice and short so the guilt doesn't last too long. urlLink Click here for some really cool street art . OK, off to clean something.

 You are Slinky Heels! You're an uptown, well put together woman But you're not too uptight to enjoy a hot club You're always the best dressed chick in the room And you'll only settle for the best in men urlLink What Shoe Are You? Take This Quiz :-) urlLink Find the Love of Your Life (and More Love Quizzes) at Your New Romance.

 I will now be referring to Chris as Chris the Great. Why? Because his hands built the world, baby! I came home at lunch today because I was so exhausted. After eating some lunch, I took a 2 hour nap. I NEVER take naps. Ever. So it was a little strange. Maybe I'm coming down with something. Oh well. Your gain because I feel like doing a little link whorage today: urlLink Can you imagine not know what sex is ? Now try to imagine being married for 8 years and then going to a fertility clinic because they haven't been able to have a child. Why, you ask? Because they've never had sex and had no idea what it was. Very, very strange - especially in this day and age! This is one of the silliest inventions I think I've ever seen. urlLink It's a foil sleeve for driver's who put one arm out of the window as they drive. It kind of defeats the purpose. Just what every new couple needs to compliment their bedroom - urlLink a quilt made out of Crown Royal bags . I think I'll skip this one, thanks. urlLink Another strange website that follows your mouse . Interesting, but not as fancy as some we've seen in the past. urlLink Can you spot the differences ? I must admit that I'm not the best at it, but it's still fun. urlLink This is an interesting take on an online clock. Kind of nice . And finally, you can create your own urlLink South Park character . I had a chick with wings and claws. Her name was Betty.

 I was so freaking stressed out today over finding Chris's state-certified birth certificate so that we could get our passports. And in the back of my mind, I thought I would be OK and there wasn't really a reason to worry this much, but I couldn't stop myself from stressing out. Anyway, long story short, I got home & found his birth certificate in the place I put all of my important papers. Who would've thought to look in the very place it should have been in the first place? Go figure. I think I may get a chance to go see a Broadway show sometime soon. A Boy From Oz starring Hugh Jackman is on the top of the list, but all of this is tentative. Some exciting news: my oldest sister, Bridget, who was just here visiting, will be graduating from LSU with her masters degree in Marketing. Our family is going down to see her and everything. I wish I were there! So to Bridget: CONGRATULATIONS!! WE'RE PROUD OF YOU!

 Well, my sister came and went. She flew in Sunday evening and left this morning. I spent the last 2 nights with her at her hotel near Wall Street and it's kind of strange to stay in a hotel in the same town where you live. As a matter of fact, I haven't even been home since Sunday so I'm seriously looking forward to going home, putting on my pj's and sitting my ass in front of the computer to catch up on everything I've missed. However, I'm pretty sure there are still dishes left over from Sunday night's dinner waiting for me to wash. My work is never done. Since I wasn't home Monday to blog, I need to get this off my chest: HAPPY (belated) BIRTHDAY MOM!! Monday was her 53rd birthday and she ended up working late. Just what she wanted, I'm sure. I did call her on her birthday, but I also like to announce this sort of thing to my entire of audience of 2 people, so there you go. I can't help but comment on the urlLink $1000 omelet . That's right, I said urlLink $1000 OMELET . You can find this little treasure consisting of eggs, lobster, 10 ounces of caviar, and a few trimmings at Norma's restaurant in Le Parker Meridien hotel on West 57th Street. But if you'd rather just read all about it, urlLink click here . I hear that only 1 person has ordered it so far: a British journalist. I wonder how that looks on his expense account. I'm sure it's a little more than what his daily allowance would cover. urlLink This next article I found is fascinatingly odd . This guy slathered his entire hotel room - tv, bed, towels, doors, carpets, etc. - in about 14 jars of Vaseline. They found him at another hotel covered from head to toe in - you guessed it, Vaseline!! They also found pornographic materials in the trashcan in the first hotel room. I found this on urlLink Sheila O'Malley's site and I think it's pretty funny considering I'm not a big Kerry fan. urlLink It's a picture of his daughter in a completely see-thru dress - nipples, underwear and not much else.

 Have you ever had a time when your significant other treated you like a goddess (or god)? Welcome to my Saturday night!! Of course, I think it was because of my hair. Let me explain: Yesterday, I had a hair appointment - touch up my highlights and a cut. Well, the place I go to always straightens my hair before they cut it. It's just something they do. My hair is naturally wavy with a side of frizziness that Chris is always commenting on. So when I emerge with straight-as-a-board blond hair, his heart went a flutter. He treated me like a queen the rest of the day - not that he treats me like a slave girl any other time. Of course, I may have to start straightening my hair more often. I'll leave out all the details, but let's say no one had trouble falling asleep! But to bring your mind out of the gutter for a moment, I'll tell you about our evening after we left the hair salon. We walked from 32nd Street btw 5th Ave and Madison over to 40th Street and 7th Ave (I think) to go to Midtown Comics. Low and behold who do we run into but Chris's sister, Cindy, and her boyfriend, John. Hugs, hello's & comic book discussions ensued and then we all headed over to 9th Avenue for a food festival!! Yum!! They, of course, have every kind of food at these festivals and wouldn't you know it we found a place (The Delta Grill on 48th & 9th) that was selling boiled crawfish and crawfish ettoufee. Yes, we got one of each and beer. Unfortunately, the boiled crawfish were tiny and it was bland as all get out, but it was nice to be able to peel and suck a few on the streets of Manhattan. After our mudbug orgy, Chris and I walked back to Times Square and headed home. Great day!! Now, for the exciting part of today: BRIDGET IS ON HER WAY TO NYC!!! Her first time to come visit and I'm meeting her at the airport at 4 pm. I'm very excited!! Unfortunately, I need to get off my ass and get busy cleaning this place. Too much playing around yesterday leads to hurried cleaning today. My apartment isn't too, too bad, but it's certainly not spotless. Wish me luck! Oh! I went back to the Haloscan comments because I didn't want to loose what everyone has contributed, so comment away!!

 Chris & I watched Troy last night and let me just fill you in on something very special: there are 2 or 3 nude shots of Brad Pitt in this movie!! Not full frontal nudity, but close enough to fill your dreams with men sweating and wearing teeny tiny leather skirts. Yummy!! It was a great movie & I have quite a few favorite parts, so get out there and see it! P.S. Eric Bana & Orlando Bloom are fantasticaly yummy, too! In sad news, urlLink Becca's (becca.ooo-caliente.com) cockateil died. My condolences, Becca. In the spirit of all that is bloginess, I stole this from urlLink Cindi Rella ! It's a urlLink fun golf game you can play anywhere as long as you have a computer and a line to the internet. Enjoy my little ones! Today I'm going to get my hair cut and my highlights touched up. I'll feel like a new woman when I'm done. When I get home, I'll have to start the cleaning process since my sister, Bridget, will be here tomorrow afternoon!! Since they changed her interview time, she comes in a day earlier and now we have 2 days/evening together to hang out. I'll show as much as I can without overwhelming her. I can't wait! And then, my little sister, Becca, and her boyfriend, Trevor, will be here in like 2 weeks!! They're staying for a whole week and while I'll have to work every day they're here, but they'll have plenty to keep them busy until I get off work. OK, off to wake Chris up and then get ready to go into the city - cause I'm in Queens right now. By the way, I'm working on changing the layout since Blogger is now offering many more interesting templates. However, I've lost all of my comments. Sorry. Don't know if I'll get the ones back from Haloscan or not. Leave a comment or email me if there is something missing that you'd like added back.

 Have you ever picked up a piece of clothing that you own that you haven't worn for while and you sit and wonder why you haven't worn it in so long? Well, that happened to me today. I was getting ready for work and picked out a black cap sleeved shirt that has a kind of mock wrap around neckline. It's black with red, pink and white flowers that ties in the back. So I decide to wear my little shirt to work and when I get there, it finally dawns on me why I don't wear the shirt to work anymore as I look down and see my right breast about to pop out of my shirt. Note to self: quit wearing the boob shirt to work!

 I don't know why, but I watched the video of the beheading of Nick Berg. For one, I didn't think they would actually show the whole thing, but I was wrong. I won't link to it but I will say that it's one of the most disturbing things I've ever seen. If you want to see it bad enough, then you, being the resourceful person that you are, will find it. The sad part is that this was retaliation for the Iraqi prisoner abuse. I could go into a whole rant about how wrong the abuse was and how these soldiers' superiors ordered them to pose and what not and how I feel about it. I'm not jumping on that soapbox today. I'm too disturbed by the video. At the end of the video, they hold up his head in front of the camera just before it goes off. Very disturbing. Before I move onto lighter topics, let me first point out that I've been wondering if the media wouldn't highlight all of the bad things happening in the world, would we be happier people? Would the ignorance of not knowing be worthwhile? Would it give us a better quality of life? I guess not. Perhaps that was silly of me to think so. Just because the media doesn't showcase something doesn't mean that it's not taking place. So moving on to lighter, brighter things, can I just say that Brad Pitt is positively yummy?!? With all of the hype for his next movie, Troy, coming out this Friday, there are pictures of him plastered all over this city. And after about 2 years of absence, I say it's about time. That's what my life has been missing: Brad Pitt all ripped up wearing a teeny tiny leather skirt. I can now die a happy girl! An update to what happened to my friend's son yesterday. She got home and checked him out. His neck hurt where one of the boys punched him and he had a headache that evening. Turns out that there were 5 boys who tried to jump him and they all go to a charter school in the area where she lives. Luckily, these boys were wearing their school uniforms and bandanas around their heads which made them easily to identify. My friend went to their school this morning and spoke with the principal who offered to let her and her son come in after school and try to identify the boys by looking through the yearbook. She plans on taking up her offer and once she identifies them, the school is going to contact their parents to make them aware. She also made a report to the police but hasn't pressed charges. She put it on record in the event they should try to pull something similar or worse and she'll call the police back with the boys' names once she has them. I think she's probably done the smartest thing I could think of in this situation. I would have never have thought to call the police or try to track these boys down by what uniforms they had on. Note to future self. I just got a call from my oldest sister, Bridget! She is coming to NYC next week for an interview. Unfortunately, she'll only be here overnight so I'm going to go spend the night with her in her hotel room. I'm so excited that I get to see her, but sad it'll only be for 1 night. Oh well, beggars can't be choosers, right? I'll gladly take what I can get. I'm going to try my hardest to show her as much as I can while she's here. Today's Memes: Top 10 Things That Make Me Happy 10. Sleeping in on Saturday mornings - and it's twice as nice when Berg doesn't scratch everything in his reach just to wake me up. 9. The Internet. I can find anything my little heart desires in the blink of an eye. 8. My coffee maker. It's programmable so all I have to do in the mornings is pour myself a cup. 7. DVDs/DVD player. Our collection grows by leaps & bounds so it's nice to have all of this at my fingertips. 6. The smell of fresh cut grass. I have no idea why, but I love it! 5. Berg and all his evilness! 4. A beautiful summer day. And a sundress to go with it! 3. Beer & other vices (in general) as they are what makes an ordinary day all that more interesting. 2. My family & friends. They're always there for me no matter how rotten I feel about myself. 1. My husband. He can read me (most of the time) even when I'm trying not to show my true feelings and he can make me laugh at the drop of a hat.

 It's such a beautiful day!! And about damn time, too, considering it's May 11th! Blogger has a new look and I think I like it. Not so much happening in my world today. Amanda came over last night and we started a lively game of Monopoly at about 9 pm that lasted for about 2 1/2 hours. Amanda was kicking my ass & Chris's too! She owned both utilities and all 4 railroads. Chris was the first to erect a hotel and he would have bought more if it hadn't been so late. I think I came out on the short end of the stick with fewer properties, but I did have Boardwalk and Park Avenue in my pocket!! I've read so much these past few days about the Iraqi prison abuse and then I hopped over to urlLink DaGoddess's site. I think she puts into words what I cannot, so please go and read. It's a great post and if there's anything I could gank from her site today, it would be: urlLink Apologies Do Not Weaken Us & Let's Move Forward . And there's only one more thing I'd like to cover before I sign off today. My friend (and co-worker) got a call from her oldest son, who is about 12 years old. He was upset and crying. She calmed him down and asked him what was wrong. Turns out that some kids tried to jump him when he got off the bus at his block. (The bus drops him off 1 block from his house) This group of kids called out to him and he tried ignoring them. Then one kid came at him and punched him in the neck. Another kid was about to hit him when he took off running. He ran home and called his mom. She was upset - who wouldn't be - and left work early. Her son did the right thing by getting out of the situation quick, but that leaves you to wonder what will happen tomorrow and the next day when he gets off the bus. What about the day after that? It's not like she can be there every day when the bus drops him off nor should she have to baby him. After all, kids get into fights. It's simply a part of growing up. But when you and your kids live in Brooklyn, Queens, Harlem, the Bronx, New Jersey, etc, you realize that things aren't like they were when you were growing up in a small town in the middle of BFE where people would actually stop and help someone in need. Here, in this metropolis we call New York, people aren't as nice. When someone is in need of help, most people here just walk on by and pretend they didn't see or hear a thing. No one wants to be held responsible or worse yet, liable for something that might go wrong. That's one of the scariest things about what happened to my friend's kid today. If this group of kids really had tried to hurt her son, would anyone have stopped to help? I'd like to think so, but I somehow doubt it.

 I found myself with time on my hands today so I was trying to think of some interesting topics for my post. I've visited my usual news websites and found there's a lack of interesting things to post about that haven't already been beaten 12 feet into the ground. So instead, I thought I would tell you what little I know about my stalker. Let me first say that I don't for sure if he's stalking me, per say, but for all intents & purposes, he'll be my stalker today. Nearly every morning when I leave for work, I get halfway down the block and I look up to find this guy standing on the corner. He's always just waiting there. Once he sees me, he starts walking very slowly to the subway. Maybe I'm just a tool he uses to time the train, I don't really know. Anyway, I see him & he starts walking to the train. I pass him by and he doesn't say anything to me and he doesn't speed up his walking. As a matter of fact, that's really about it except when it rains. For some reason, he walks a little too close for comfort when I'm carrying my umbrella. When it rains & I find him walking too close, it takes every little bit of self-restraint I have not to beat him down with my red Mandarin Oriental umbrella and then hop onto the train. I don't necessarily feel threatened by my stalker, I'm just curious. Why me and why does he just wait on the corner until he sees me coming. Oh well, life's mysteries, I guess. Needless to say, every time I see him, I'm left daydreaming about what exactly I would do to him if he should ever try to grab me. And let me tell you, I'd sure make a hell of a racket & I'd go down kicking and screaming and biting and cussing to boot! Well, that's enough stalker talk. Today's Memes courtesy of urlLink Monday Madness : 1. If you had a farm, what would you name the following animals: pig, cow, goose, chicken, and horse (assume these are show animals and not food.) pig : The Great Flying Bacon goose : The Mystical Magical Goose chicken : Wise Cock horse : The Stallion 2. What are the top ten spices you use in cooking and what is cooked with them as the main spice (ie. Oregano : spaghetti) how about I just list the top 10 spices that I use to cook, huh? Ok, they are: salt, pepper, Tony's Chachere Seasoning, Lemon Pepper, Garlic Salt, Lowry's Seasoning Salt, Garlic - ok, that's only 8, but I'm done. 3. Name your favorite flower and describe yourself using the letter. This week, my favorite flower is the peony. P is for purty E is for entertaining O is for outstanding N is for nice Y is for yippity-doo-da kind of day, don’t you think? Ta-da! urlLink That’s Monday Madness !

 Today, from urlLink Unconscious Mutterings : I say ... and you think ... ? 1. Vagina : Birth 2. Racism : Segregation 3. Mother's Day : I love my Mom! 4. Fire alarm : Fire 5. Elvis : Lisa Marie 6. Pregnant : Belly 7. Vacation : Italy, baby!! 8. Waffles : Pancakes 9. Perpendicular : Parallel 10. Hospital: White Berg (our cat) has learned a new trick. He has learned to pull open up on of the drawers in the bathroom. He then proceeds to "fish" around and pull out each and every one of my tampons. It's like a drug and I can't seem to get him to stop. I don't know what's up with the little symbols in my posts below. They appear in spaces where apostrophes, etc. belong, so there's your hint. Maybe this is only doing this on my computer, whatever I don't care that much to change it right now. More Links: urlLink Which Tri Lam are you ? Take the test & find know your inner nerd. I'm amazed at this one: urlLink a statue of an elephant pooping . That's right, pooping. You know you can't pass this one up! Have you ever seen an urlLink albino squirrel ? Well, now I have & I can check that off of my list of things to do in my lifetime. And finally (because I need to get ready to go) here's a story of urlLink a herd of elephants rescuing a heard of antelopes . Very strange and somehow comforting in a strange sort of way.

 It's such a beautiful day here in NYC!! And about damn time, too! Last night when we went to the movies, I finally got to wear my favorite sundress with a hoodie, of course. I was so comfortable and it was so nice out that it almost felt magical. Ah, summer!! Yesterday at work, I came across this story on urlLink Slate about this woman who did an experimental silent treatment for just a couple of days and she tells about how hard it was to do it. I thought it was pretty funny and it's a fast read, so check it out urlLink here . And now for your Saturday Links: urlLink Can you catch a fly with chopsticks ? It's kind of hard, but I caught at least one before I moved on, so here go - urlLink your turn ! Why carry around some plain, boring black umbrella when you can carry around a urlLink Bright Night Illuminated Umbrella ?! According the article, it comes with 2 bulbs that actually do a great job of lighting up everything underneath the canopy, which you have the option of controlling with a button on the handle. It has a battery compartment for 4 AA batteries that will give you 4 hours of lighting. Cool colors, nice handle, great construction, & a light - would else could you possibly ask for? OK, I know that's only 2 links, but I'll have to come back later. It's such a nice day out that I can't just sit here in front of the computer anymore. See ya later!

 Chris & I saw Van Helsing, after drinks & some appetizers. I liked it for the special effects, but don’t expect great things from it. The story line is a little weak. I think the most awesome part was when these guys would turn into werewolves. They would rip off their skin and their bones would start moving and shifting - it was really cool! I also liked the vampire brides and how they would immediately change into these gorgeous women as soon as they touched the ground. I'd recommend going to see it, but again, don't expect great things. I haven’t bought my Mom a Mother’s Day gift yet but her birthday is the 17th, so I’m planning to send something halfway between for both events. I know that’s kind of lame and lazy but that’s how things get done around my house. Lame & Lazy. If I had a ranch, I’d have to call it L & L Dude Rand and stock it with hot guys who walk around bare-chested all day long while they lift heavy things so that they sweat & then they’ll need me to rub their shoulders after their doneeeeee – sorry, I was drooling on my keyboard. I’m going to have to come back to this subject after work! My thoughts keep getting away from me and then I wake up only to have my coworkers staring at me strangely too afraid to ask questions. Well, Chris is graduating from his Level 1 improv class at the Upright Citizens Brigade. His show is this Sunday at 4 pm. I can’t wait to see my baby perform!! I’m thinking about making a t-shirt with a picture of him on it and that says something stupid (read: embarrassing), but I’m going to have to think hard on this. I may have to tap my sister, Bridget, for some ideas. She’s a clever lass. And for today’s random question: What bones have you broken, if any? And how did you break it? Well, during the summer before 3rd grade, I was playing basketball on a concrete slab (that used to be our house before it burned) with 3 others. I tripped and fell on my right arm. It didn’t hurt until everyone started pointing at it & then it hurt like hell. Long story short, I ended up in a full arm cast on my right arm. A week after I finally got the cast off, I went over to my friend’s house to play. We were climbing trees, doing cartwheels, running all over the place, etc. Unfortunately, I tripped (again!) on my way into her playhouse & broke the same arm in the same place. Luckily, since my Mom was still in the driveway talking to her Mom, she ushered me into the car wrapped my arm in ice and then we were on our way to Shreveport to get my arm set again. And finally, in the 6th grade, I fractured my left arm during gym at school. It was the first class of the day & we were playing dodgeball when, again, I tripped. I made it through the day only to go home and beg my Dad to take me to the hospital cause it hurt so badly. So there, that’s my 3 broken bones. I won’t even get into the story of the 3 stitches I had in my head due to (once again) dodgeball. Thought I was gonna say that I tripped again, didn’t ya?

 I found this little website, on urlLink DaGoddess’s website; urlLink creative & funny story about moving to New York City through the eyes of a monkey . I have a feeling our little friend, Pepe, will have similar experiences when he accompanies us to Italy, so be on the lookout for The Adventures of Pepe Vol. 1: Italy coming in August to a blog near you! Neat website where people can urlLink submit 5 things others don’t know about them . Since I haven’t debuted there yet, here are some (not just 5) of mine: Things I’m not afraid to admit, but probably should be: I get to work an hour early so I’m not in bad mood due to overcrowded trains. I’m usually pretty good about not eating sweets until right before my period at which point I will sit on the kitchen floor and eat left over chocolate icing right out of the can using my finger. I still like to send handwritten letters to my family. If I could, I would live in South Louisiana and I would be the happiest person in all the world. My cat, Berg, thinks I’m his mistress and tries to make a move on me from time to time. I have a heater underneath my desk that is always on as long as I’m at work. And if I’m really cold, I also use my heating pad which can also be found under my desk. In nearly 3 years, I’ve only been to one small part of Central Park several times. I’ve only been to 1 major league baseball game – the Mets & they lost. The very first concert I went to was either Bad Company when they came to NSU in Natchitoches or Clint Black in Shreveport. I used to watch professional wrestling religiously. I ordered the pay-per-views every month, but I have since stopped watching. Part of me is disappointed and the other part is relieved. And now, get ready for the Thursday Threesome : Onesome : Something Old – Do you have anything that you’ve owned simply forever A cherished childhood toy, an antique handed down through the family . . . I have a wooden coffee table and an old metal kitchen table that was my (great)Grandmother’s. They have traveled with me everywhere! Twosome : Something New – Buy anything lately? I bought lunch today, does that count? Otherwise, the last thing I purchased that wasn’t food was a baby shower gift for someone I work with: diapers, wipes, baby spoons, medicine dropper, pacifiers, gas drops. Threesome : Something Borrowed – Ever borrowed anything and never returned it? I hate to admit it, but yes. Some old tapes of ECW (wrestling) that someone loaned when I moved to NYC. Bonus : Something Blue – See anything blue from where you are? What is it? My shirt is blue, but other than that, my mousepad is also blue and the label on my water bottle and the cover of my notebook, the highlighter in my penholder, the top to my lotion bottle . . . Play along! When you’re ready, post your answer in your own space and urlLink leave a comment here so we can find you.

 I went to the Social Security Office yesterday expecting the worst. How wrong I was! And how happy I am to be wrong! I'll have my new card in about 2 weeks. Awesome! There were no arguments on changing my name, no diagrams drawn, no accusations thrown in my direction. Fabulous! Two down, one to go. Next comes passports. Last night was the season finale for The OC. I began watching The OC from the very first episode because there was absolutely nothing on TV on Tuesday nights since Buffy went off the air. Yes, that's right, I was/am a Buffy fan. I'm not a fanatic like some people I know, but a fan nonetheless. I'm a little sad that The OC will now be reruns until Fall, but that's how the system works. Tonight is the 2-hour season/series finale for Friends. I'm sure I'll bawl my eyes out tonight. I've already warned Chris and he's prepared to hand me tissues at will. He's loves me so! I am, of course, a little sad Friends is ending but it's been like 9 or 10 years and I think it's time. I guess you can't keep the same gig forever. So Monday evening, my (not-so-little) sister, Becca, went to my parents house looking for one of her rings. No one was home at the time, so she looked around, used the bathroom & left. Well, somehow, the toilet kept running and kept running and overflowed and ruined the carpet in my parent's bedroom, Becca's old bedroom and the hallway carpet. Mom discovered this about 3 hours after Becca left the house. They had to remove all of the furniture in both bedrooms, call the carpet people to come clean up as much water as possible, and then the insurance adjuster. Once, they get everything squared away, they'll be laying down hardwood flooring throughout the house. Unfortunately, it looks like they'll be spending Mother's Day weekend prepping the house by painting, etc. Oh! And it would seem when they pulled up the carpet, they found the ugliest brown tile flooring. They had to remove that as well. I feel so bad for them because they hadn't planned on doing all of this work just yet, but they were planning on redoing the flooring at some point. Perhaps this will jump start the remodeling of their house. I wish I were there helping them out. I love that sort of thing. Well, I need to go blow dry my hair & get ready for work. I don't wake up looking stunning, you know. My tiara is usually crooked in the mornings when I wake up. Time to go fix that.

 I am now official. I have a New York State driver's license - or a temporary license, anyway. I'll get the new one in the mail in the next 3 or 4 weeks. It was not without conflict, which was to be expected. I got up to the first counter & everything was OK. I took my picture, she gave me my number and papers & told me to go sit until my number flashed on the board. I did as I was told and my number was finally on the board. So it was up to counter #9, I handed him my paperwork and waited. First, he didn't want to accept my marriage certificate because he didn't think it was the official one from the state. I argued my case and he finally asked his manager who said she would accept my certificate. Yee haw!! Then of course, he argued with me on how I'd decided to change my name. Technically, when you get married and you're changing to your married name, you should simply switch out the 2 last names. However, my Mom & my sister both did it differently. (First Name, Maiden Name, Married Name) I choose to do it differently as well. This obviously angered the little man behind the counter who proceeded to argue his point which included 2 different drawings so that he could stress his point even further. He went so far as to tell me that I was in the 10% who was in the wrong & I was setting a bad example for my future (nonexistent) children. I stand there trying to keep my cool, everything going slightly red. Obviously, I could have decided to change my name to Lulu Tutu if I felt like it & there really isn't anything anyone could do about it. I don't know why this guy felt so compelled to argue with me, but he let me change my name how I wanted. I was proud that I kept my cool - only because I was afraid he'd throw me out and make me come back another day. This was my 3rd attempt after all. So today, I'm off to the Social Security Office here in Queens. I'll let you know how that turns out. I'm actually quite afraid that it's going to turn into one huge disaster, but we'll have to wait and see. I guess I'm up for making multiple trips to the Social Security Office if I have to. I did for the DMV. After getting my new social security card, I will attempt to get a passport. I've got fun written all over me the next few weeks. All of this so we can go on our trip to Italy at the end of July. Now I have to go get ready to go. It's May 5th - Cinco de Mayo! Unfortunately, it's only 49 degrees outside and the high for today is only 61. Come on summer!!

 Some Mondays are just fine & dandy - no big deal. Today, I thought my head would explode. First, I went down the DMV (that says it all right there, doesn't it?) to get my Louisiana license changed to a NY State license & also to change my maiden name to my married name. Yes, nearly 2 years after the fact. You don't have to remind me. It's not like I haven't tried to do this before, but they didn't accept my marriage certificate last time because it wasn't the certified copy. Anyway, so after asking my sisters to go by the courthouse & picking up the correct copy, I sat on it for about a year. So that brings us back to today. I'm in line at 8 am. The office opens at 8:30 & the line is halfway around the corner & down the block. Once I finally make it to the window, they tell me they need my birth certificate which I have conveniently left at home. I silently collect my papers, etc. and head to work. Once I hit work, I'm told that the 22 books we sent out on Friday (and that I stayed an hour & a half late to complete) had to be redone since there weren't any page numbers and there was 1 spelling error. I just bit my tongue, hole-punched the 22 books, spiral bound them, boxed them up and sent them out. Silently cursing everyone.

 I had somewhat of a strange day today. At 1 pm I went to a baby shower that was on my street, but 4 1/2 blocks down. I work with the mother-to-be. So I go to their apartment (which is huge!) & there are family members there from both sides. And they were all great! Very nice, but I couldn't help but compare this shower to the baby showers that I'm used to going to back home. Let me start by saying I have a HUGE family on both sides of my family. My Mom's family all live within about an hour's drive, but most are about 20 minutes away. When we get together, it's 90% family & there are like 30+ people there with kids running everywhere. And you get EVERYTHING! This was the group that we mainly did this sort of activity with since they were all so close. I think in today's experience, I was that other 10% in the "friends" category that goes to showers. There were about 20 people there including me. Actually, I think I was the only one there who wasn't family, but it didn't take me long to strike up a conversation with Pam. Pam's mother was married to the mother-to-be's grandfather. After much thought, I finally figured out all of the connections. Anyway, Pam is married and lives in Greenwich Village. She is an artist & photographer. Her husband is a writer, I think, at Sports Illustrated - which just happens to be across the street from where I work. His office is on the 2nd floor above one of the letters. Anyway, she was telling me how they just went to Greece so that he could do a story on the upcoming Olympics. She went with him and took like 1000 photos. However, they just got back from New Zealand just a few days prior (to the shower). She couldn't stress enough how great New Zealand was to visit. Little does she know that she doesn't have to convince me too hard since Chris & I are dying to go to New Zealand on our next trip. During her trip, they went bungee jumping. She's in her mid-40s and she doesn't look like the adventurous type, which gives me hope that I won't chicken out of bungee jumping one day when I get my opportunity. After leaving the shower around 4:30 pm, going home & changing clothes and going to the grocery story, I did laundry. Such a tiring chore. I'm glad it's over. Until next week that is. Oh! Back home at the grocery stores, I don't remember ever seeing packages of chicken feet or cow tongues among other strange items I find up here. Odd thing is, I can't even find blocks of Velveeta Cheese at this store. They have most of the basics, but I also have a hard time finding Lemon Pepper seasoning there as well. Ok, enough of that. So Chris & I are trying to learn some Italian before our trip at the end of June. I have some words down, like: thank you(grazie), you're welcome (prego), excuse me as in sorry (scuzi) - and I think that's it. It's a start, but I really need to buckle down and work on it. I'd like to be able to understand certain words so that our trip will be even more AWESOME! Ok, so I guess I'm going to go learn some Italian now.

 Here's a little something I haven't done in a while: urlLink Unconcious Mutterings I say ... and you think ... ? 1. Sexy : lingerie 2. Clique : group 3. Pledge : rush 4. Carbs : diet 5. Dream Job : no job, lots of pay 6. Sweeps : tv 7. Soundtrack : movie music 8. Hero : sandwich 9. Shave : my legs 10. Christina : the car from the movie

 On the subject of abuse of Iraqi prisoners by 6 US troops, may I just say that it's appalling? I'm somewhat outraged by this. We wouldn't want US citizens in prison elsewhere in the world to be treated in this manner. They did it for shits & giggles and I hope they get what they deserve. They now say that the soldiers who did this didn't know the Geneva Convention rules. Seems like someone should have filled them in considering they were responsible for Iraqi prisoners of war in a war zone. urlLink But moving on to other things, I read this story about a woman who drove around with her mother's decomposing body in the passenger seat of her for like 5 days. They were from Oklahoma and they finally stopped the daughter in Florida. Authorities say she died from natural causes so no charges will be filed, however, the daughter is now being held for psychiatric evaluation. WEED MARCH - Yesterday, I read the following in the AM-NY newspaper. I didn't even know such a thing exists & I'm surprised they can do this but since they're simply meeting and not smoking, it's OK. You would never hear of something like this in the small town where I grew up - only in NYC. Anyway, the article goes: Million Marijuana March set for Sat. - Potheads from all around town are expected to converge on Lower Manhattan tomorrow for the New York City Million Marijuana March. Organized by a coalition of marijuana legalization advocates, protesters will march from Greenwich Village to Battery Park. A variety of issues will be raised, from the Rockefeller drugs laws to medicinal marijuana. The weed walkers will assemble at noon at Houston Street and Broadway and start marching at 1 p.m. Police said they will treat tomorrow's march like every other large gathering. May Day marijuana rallies were first started by the radical Yippies during the 1970s but fell out of favor in subsequent years. (story by Chuck Bennett) urlLink Carnival of the Vanities #84 is up at urlLink Wolves . If you've never experienced Carnival of the Vanities, it's like a weekly (I think) collection or random stories from blogs. You'll find links to blogs you visit and links for some you don't but wish you did. Go! Enjoy! Ok, now what you've really come here for - you're weekly dose of random, but interesting links. You're such a link whore: urlLink Here's a neat site of a little boy who has had his picture taken with a few celebrities here in NYC. Cool site! And where would we be without urlLink a little fun in the library during finals week . I'm sure this helped de-stress a lot of people. It takes a little while to load, but it took them a little while to come up with their routine, I'm sure. It would seem that someone's imagine has gotten away from them, but that's what interests us the most, right? Everyone like to see what twisted things we come up with when we have time on our hands & this is no different because it's urlLink The Truth About Cereal Characters by Bobber . How else would we know that the Trix Rabbit is really a disillusioned hobo? urlLink 60 acres in British Columbia were covered in a continuous silk spider web . Really cool, but I know of plenty of people who would have been freaked out by the whole thing. Cool! Just urlLink click here . And finally, for you undersimulated horny little devils out there, I give you the opportunity to urlLink play with this chick's ta-ta's . I think you need the Shockwave player, but it's free so go for it!

 Not much time to post today since Chris-the-Great & I are about to go watch Spider Man 2!! I wasn't a big fan of the first movie, but I hear this one is much better, so I hope they're right! I just wanted to do a little promoting: urlLink Operation Shoe Fly is an organization "formed in an effort to help with the collection, consolidation, and delivery of humanitarian aid for the Afghani people." (Yep, I stole that right off their website.) They're not only asking for shoes, but for other objects to send to Afghanistan, so please check it out and help if you can. There are 3 options: Option 1: Mail directly to Operation Shoe Fly- Operation Shoe Fly c/o Jim Thomson B Co, 214th Aviation Regiment APO AE 09354 Option 2: Mail to Angels for Afghanistan who will ship pallets to the Stan- Globous Relief Fund (OPSF) c/o Angels for Afghanistan 1775 West 1500 South Salt Lake City, Utah 84104 Option 3: Mail to Chief Wiggles who will add to his shipments to the Stan- Bridgepoint Systems (OPSF) c/o Operation Give 542 West Confluence Avenue Salt Lake City, Utah 84123 Alright, must go get ready for Spidey, but before I go, urlLink click here for the next installment of: What the F*ck Where They Thinking?!? Can you say Ouch?

 urlLink Beth and her Queens&nbsp; urlLink

 Brad & Beth are now safely back on Louisiana soil and I'm sure Brad is driving his truck doing some "country riding." Don't ask. Anyway, we had a great time with them! I'll be posting some pictures in the Gallery 6 link on the right in a couple of days. As of this post, I only have 3 up. I hope they come back for another visit so we can do everything we missed. In other news, I've started reading The Da Vinci Code. I'm only on Chapter 4, but it's good so far. Also, the Discovery Channel was filming an episode urlLink Surprise By Design in a building across the street & down from our apt. I must go wake Chris-the-Great from his nap & heat up some leftover spaghetti for dinner. I don't think I need to cook at all this week since I have leftovers spilling forth every time I open the refrigerator door.

 Today's urlLink Unconscious Mutterings : I say ... and you think ... ? 1. Lounge : bar 2. Photograph : black & white 3. Catacomb : monks 4. Crucifix : Jesus 5. Fire drill : fire team 6. Tube : Blue Man Group 7. Dropped : break 8. LTD : more $ 9. Panther : black 10. Formica : 70's

 I am so exhausted! It's been a busy week for me and I'm glad we can sleep in tomorrow. Well, actually, Chris-the-Great has to get up early (8:45 am) for a class rehearsal. Brad, Beth & I are going to the Statue of Liberty, Ground Zero, the Merril Lynch bull near Wall Street. From there, we'll just play it by ear as they say. We have to go back down to Chinatown at some point and we also still would like to go to the Empire State Building before sunset. We've had a good time so far, but my poor knee hurts. After walking Chinatown, SoHo up the to East Village (4th Street around Astor Place). Oh! And we also went to see Dodgeball with Ben Stiller & Vince Vaughn. Absolutely hilarious!! It's one of the funniest movies I've seen in a long time - like consistently through nearly the entire movie! I don't know if it's just because we used to play dodgeball in school & it could be quite vicious sometimes. I think I've already posted about how I received 3 stitches & broke my arm in my dodgeball days. I'd look for it, but I'm feeling pretty lazy tonight, uh, I mean this morning. Anyway, hilarious movie! Go see it, you won't be disappointed. I've really got to get to bed now. My eyes are starting to close. Tomorrow, the adventure continues.

 I stole urlLink this video from urlLink Lori at urlLink Downtown Chick Chat . I wish I was this good!

 Well Brad & Beth made it here just fine & since they've arrived, we had lunch at Uno Pizzeria here in Astoria & then we walked around a small part of Central Park until Chris got off work. We also walked around some of the shoppes at the new Time Warner Center at Columbus Circle. We're home for now. Chris has class tonight and I think I'm going to take them to Times Square, Rockefeller Center and St. Patrick's Cathedral tonight. Chris will get out of class at 10 pm and I don't know if they're up for going out later. I'll probably be too tired to go. I have the hardest time staying up late during the week. So far, I think it's a lot busier than they thought it would be and maybe a little cleaner, too. Chris & Brad are up on the roof and Beth is catching a quick nap while I blog my little heart out. I just posted a picture of Radio City Music Hall from the night of the PRIMUS concert. Enjoy. If you look close enough, you'll see the name of the tour on the marquee. Gotta go entertain.

 urlLink Outside Radio City Music awaiting PRIMUS!!&nbsp; urlLink

 urlLink Primus was awesome! urlLink The Hallucino Genetics Tour ! It started at exactly 8 pm and ended at 10:57 pm. They said something about having to be out of the building at 11 pm. There was no pig, but the drum solo knocked my knockers off! The concert was at Radio City Music Hall & I had never been there before. It was like stepping back into the 30's with all of the grandeur of gentlemen & ladies - the building, not the crowd of concertgoers. The bathrooms alone were divine! The seats were velvet with carpet everywhere - in the seating area, not the bathrooms. There were ushers everywhere and I even got patted down as we entered Radio City. And even though they announced before the concert that there was no smoking, that didn't stop people from lighting up. And we're not talking cigarettes here. The ushers didn't stop anyone & no trouble, of course. Most potheads are fairly harmless especially when there's live music 75 feet in front of you from the most awesome band in the world. Unfortunately, getting myself going this morning proved to be difficult. After I got up and got my shower & Chris-the-Great was out the door, I took an hour nap. I don't think it did much good. My eyes wouldn't even open until Noon today. I'm surprised I didn't fall asleep standing up. Still worth it. Brad & Beth are coming tomorrow! Chris-the-Great has class tomorrow night, but I'm sure we'll find something to do while he's gone. I of course still need to finish cleaning the apt. I'll probably finish up tomorrow morning. On the other hand, I'm taking the bus to the airport tomorrow. I haven't done that in a while and I'm kind of looking forward to it. Buses really arent' my thing. I just can't seem to get the bus schedules down so I never take them unless I absolutely have to. I don't mind walking. Ok, off to go clean something. But before I go, I checked out urlLink Lisa at urlLink Just A Girl In The World and found it to be worthy of the link button. Go check her out! Now! And while I'm plugging, go also check out urlLink Becca ! Shoo! Now go!

 Another Monday off to a fine start. I could have killed Chris-the-not-so-Great this morning. Sergio came downstairs last night & cut his hair around 11:30 or midnight. Chris took a shower afterward, but didn't bother writing me a note or resetting his alarm clock. I've been awake since about 4:50 am - in 10 minute intervals. He didn't tell me until nearly 5:30 am that he had already taken his shower so he could sleep for a while. All that time - wasted - not sleeping. But the upside to all of this is: I'm going to see PRIMUS tomorrow!! Yeah, that's right bitches! So don't expect a post tomorrow, I'll be partying away! This week will be busy: Brad & his friend, Beth are coming for a visit on Thursday. I don't know Beth but I guess I'll have time to get to know her. Then, in late August, my sister Catherine & her husband, John, are coming up for her birthday! I just found out today so I'm way excited! But, let's not forget Italy. I mean, it's only the first real vacation Chris & I have ever taken together in the 9+ years we've known each other. Oh, and our first trip overseas ever - for both of us. Yeah!! The only thing we have left to do is get our passports. If for some reason our waiting this long to get our passports screws up our trip, I'm going to flip my lid! I've got to think positively. Think positively . . . In today's news: In pursuit of the $10 million X-prize, the first privately built aircraft made it 62.5 miles upward into space, briefly. It then returned to where it took off just a short time afterward. This is the first step in competing for the prize; the contest will happen later this year. ( urlLink CNN.com ) From News of the Weird: From a police report quoted in Seattle's newsweekly The Stranger (April 29): "[A] witness stated that he and another witness watched the suspect walk up to several different men [at the University Book Store on the University of Washington campus], get on his knees, and sniff their anuses. He would then lean forward as though he was getting a book off the lower shelf. [One witness] also said that when one male got up from a bench and walked away, the suspect walked over and started smelling the area where the male had been sitting. When the witnesses confronted the suspect about the incidents, the suspect said, 'Sometimes I forget myself and get carried away.'" I'm hearing so much about that fat f*ck Michael Moore - that hypocritical piece of sh*t. Anyway, his movie is coming out this weekend or next and there's a lot of hype about it and I'm trying to decide if I'm going to go see it. I mean, on the one hand, I don't like the man. He's a big hypocrite. On the other hand, I'm curious to see what kind of lies this man has on tape. I'm also curious to see what kind of footage this guy has from the Middle East. For instance, as we all know by now, he had footage from one of the hostages but didn't want to release it since he thought it would generate negative publicity for his movie. That selfish piece of sh*t. Alright, so I'm going to see the movie but I won't be happy about paying for it. I hate thinking he's actually making money off of this. Why do I hate this man so much? Oh, yeah, he's a big fat hypocritical piece of sh*t, that's why. I need to go have a beer and calm down. That fat f*ck.

 I love Fridays because it's the start of the weekend, which means I can sleep in tomorrow!! Yeah! Chris & I went over to Cindy's apt. earlier to set up her new computer. It was shipped to our apt. so we had to bring it over. Damn that thing was heavy. The monitor came double boxed, so we had to leave the smaller box at our apt. so we could fit it all in the cab. She should get hooked up to the internet next week & then the fun will begin for her. We just watched Duplex on Movies-on-Demand tonight. Ben Stiller. Drew Barrymore. It was kind of funny at times but the ending kind of sucked. Killed what little the movie offered. Here's a urlLink link to a mysterious little clip . It takes a while to load & I don't have any information on it really. It's obviously a shootout in what appears to be somewhere in the Middle East. Scary when you stop and think about it. urlLink This should be illegal - I mean, there should be a limit on the breast implant size based on your body type/frame and just plain common sense. Next up is a collection of urlLink strange band names . OK, last one for the night: urlLink Which Muppet Are You ? urlLink I am Gonzo .

 I should have just stayed in bed this morning. First, I have a hard time getting Chris up, thus he stalked off to the shower in quite the mood. Then, I couldn't get the mouse to work on the desktop computer this morning so I could check the weather. After 2 attempts, I used the laptop. Later, my train was held up at the last stop in Queens before going into the City due to a stalled train at the next station. I transferred to the 7 train and walked from Times Square to Rockefeller Center. It wasn't a bad walk, just 10 blocks. The thing that set me off was having to walk on sidewalks that had just been washed. Doesn't sound bad, does it? Well, I was wearing flip flops and the back of my pink skirt had little black dots all over it. Unfortunately, I didn't notice it until after I'd waited in line at the bank's ATM for 15 minutes trying to make a deposit. Luckily, that part went right - so far anyway. So I finally rolled into work 40 minutes after my normal time. Unfortunately, I couldn't do anything about my skirt. To top that off, what's waiting for me when I get home: dishes & laundry. I should have just stayed in bed. I called my little sister earlier to rub in the fact that: I'M GOING TO SEE PRIMUS! Amanda and I are going this Tuesday night. Something I find strange: you know those plush dolls from Hallmark that dance and sing when you push a button? I seriously can't stand those things! I go to Hallmark today and find one of my coworkers pressing all the buttons and laughing up a storm. It took all that I had to not drag her away from the table and give her a good kick. Those things are just so annoying, so PLEASE, don't anyone ever buy me one of those things! I'll probably just burn it.

 urlLink Chris the Great & me; Central Park; May 2004&nbsp; urlLink

 It's been another lovely day in the neighborhood, so far anyway. Today at lunch, I went to a Japanese bookstore/gift shop in Rockefeller Center with a friend. She's half Japanese & her American father teaches Japanese at a school in Florida. So for Father's Day - which is this Sunday - she got him a few things for his desk at the school. The store was really cool, but I didn't know what half the stuff was since neither of us speak Japanese nor read it for that matter. If we couldn't figure out what it was by looking at it and turning it over and over in our hands, then back on the shelf it went! Chris the Great checked in Jessica Simpson & her sister, Ashley, today at work. He said that Jessica is a stuck-up snob but everyone else was really nice. Which brings me to my next announcement: The season premiere of SIMPLE LIFE 2 will air tonight on FOX at 8 pm EST. I must admit that I watched it last season simply to see how they fared in the middle of nowhere, but I'm afraid this season will be too commercialized after the success of last season. I guess I'll have to wait & see! In other TV show news, Chris & I have been watching HBO's Deadwood. The first season just ended and it was way better than I thought it would be. I'm afraid I'm hooked and now I'm upset that I have to wait until this fall to see a new episode. But have no fear - I will not have to go that long before seeing a (repeat) episode. We subscribed to HBO & Cinemax-on-Demand and we can now watch any show on those stations that has already run this season. I can go back and watch all episodes of Deadwood back-to-back if I feel like it or I can watch soft porn until my heart's content, which is what we did last night! Our company's Summer Outing is coming up the 2nd Monday in August. Every year, they rent out the country club & people have the following options: golf, tennis, swimming, softball, volleyball, or just laying out by the pool. And then there's the open bar for the entire day! Here's a general rundown of how the day goes: catch the bus from the office at 10 am get to the club around 11:30 am eat brunch & drink mimosas activity (or inactivity) of your choice freshen up at around 5 pm cocktail hour at 5:30 pm dinner is served around 6 or 6:30 pm catch the bus back to the city around 7:30 pm All in all, I think it's a lot of fun. Unfortunately, last year it rained most of the day & people were kind of stuck inside. This year, the Summer Outing will be my first day back in the office after our trip to Italy. Nothing like a nice day of lounging around and drinking to get you back in the grind.

 I went to see urlLink The Boy From Oz last night and it was by far one of the most fantastic things I've ever seen! It was my first Broadway Show and I hope it won't be my last. Hugh Jackman starred in the show & he was so witty & energetic that it blew my mind. And he got undressed/dressed on stage a couple of times, which is always nice! Not much else to report. I'm exhausted so I can hopefully veg-out tonight and get to bed a little early. There's a lot of talk about who John Kerry will choose for his VP. I think urlLink Blackjack breaks it down best, so go take a look at his post. Since I won't be voting for Kerry, I don't care that much who he chooses. It will be interesting when the debates start later this year, so Kerry will have to pick someone who can debate Dick Cheney. It should be another interesting election year! Well, I guess I should go get ready for work. Time to go pay the piper.

 Well, the desktop is finally up and running. Turns out that we had to disconnect the hard drive we installed a few months ago and rerun the recovery disks. Alls well that ends well as they say. I was perusing urlLink Natalie 's post over on urlLink Pickle Juice: Raged and Obuse where she talks about her amazing ability to flirt. Oddly enough, this reminds me of a dream I had the other night where Chris was sitting on the living room floor with the girl and he was flirting right in front of me. He then leaned in and gave her a kiss, pulled back, and then went for a 2nd kiss. Boy was I mad when I woke up! And when he woke up, I let him know I didn't appreciate his cheating on me right in front of me. Very strange dream. Very. OK, time to trade computers with Chris.

 This is my first post from my new laptop computer. It's a nice little Toshiba Satellite and I like it! We're bringing this laptop to Italy so that we can download our pictures from our digital camera so we can take even more pictures of Italy. When Becca & Trevor were here, we took 750 pictures and each one was 6.2 megapixels which equals a lot of memory. Ta da! Laptop. At the same time, we're trying to fix the desktop which was running slow. We decided to simply start over from scratch. It unfortunately didn't work so smoothly but the lady on HP's technical support line said that I need to disconnect everything except the monitor, mouse & keyboard and try again. After that, they'll charge me $40 to work on it since it is no longer under warranty. On the bright side of things, my cousin Rachel will be coming to NYC for a visit in July with a couple of her girlfriends. They're staying at a hotel not far from where I work, so I should be able to spend some quality time with her. She's just a year younger than I am and grew up in Birmingham, Alabama. Her dad and my dad are 1st cousins. I haven't seen here in about 5 years or so - maybe 6. Anyway, I'm really looking forward for her visit. Also, later this month, Chris's friend, Brad, is coming for a week with a friend of his. Chris says he sounds excited about coming and we're excited he's coming, so that makes a good match! Well, I just inserted the final disk of 7 disks which will take in total 33 minutes to run - I would know since this is the 3rd or 4th time I've done this tonight. Wish me luck!

 Friday night, Chris & I watched The Chronicles of Riddick & I loved it. Of course, I also liked the first movie, Pitch Black. I think this one was even better than the first. Saturday, Chris & I had a very lazy day. We didn't even get dressed until Cindy & Jackson came. We kept Jackson last night and we've just had biscuits with syrup. Jackson's now watching the Osmosis Jones cartoon. I'm supposed to go to Central Park with Amanda later & I'm really looking forward to getting outside on this beautiful weekend. Ok, I've got to get a shower and wash this funk off me. Today, from urlLink Unconscious Mutterings I say ... and you think ... ? 1. Colorblind : my Dad 2. Shallow : ditch 3. Erotica : The Village 4. Figment : Fragment 5. Eviction : apartment 6. Composed : literary work 7. Chill : cool 8. Girl : bras (don't ask) 9. California : sunny & warm 10. Bond : Bond girls

 I had such a problem getting onlne tonight! Turns out that our internet connection wasn't automatically connecting, like it normally does. Regardless, I am watching the MTV Movie Awards. And it is absolutely hilarious so far! Tom Cruise is yum-scrum-di-li-umptuous!! Chris is at his third Level 2 Class at UCB. I think he's having a good time so far, but each level gets harder and more intense and I think he sees that right now. I posted a picture of Berg, but I don't think you can really see how big he is. He weighs about 15 lbs. and he's very protective of the hallway and doesn't like the men who deliver the weekly box of groceries. Or the buzzer. And sometimes the phone. More sad news: urlLink Ray Charles died today around 11:35 am at the age of 73 from complications of liver disease . It's sad to lose both Reagan and Ray Charles within a week's time of each other. As urlLink Becca pointed out, these things usually happen in 3's . . .

 urlLink Berg. Likes Whiskas Temptations Treats, Tuna from the can, catnip, plastic Best Buy bags & Easy Cheese.&nbsp; urlLink

 Wow Faye! I can never space my clothes out like that; I don't have enough! For all of you fans out there, Faye is a guest blogger on this site. She's funny, she's brilliant, she's Southern, she's a badass. Welcome Faye!! In the spirit of Anne of urlLink In A Puddle , I will posting a picture of Berg in all his glory. Coming soon! There's not much going on right now. I'm watching President Regan's funeral procession from the plane to the Rotunda where his body will lie for visitation by the public. This all makes me very sad. But let me just say that I have such tremendous respect for Nancy Reagan. She's so graceful. I've been to more funerals than I can count & while I'm sad Mr. Reagan is now gone (he was one of my favorites), this whole thing makes me think of all of the family & friends I've lost over the years. I miss them. But onto happier things: last night, I made urlLink Thai Peanut Chicken . I got the recipe from urlLink KraftFoods.com and it was absolutely fantastic! We're having leftovers tonight.

 I'd just like to say that Dennis has good observations.... I've only worn this shirt a few times to work. I think it was once when I had an interview to go to and once when I had a date for lunch. And then today. But I'm only wearing it cause I couldn't find anything to wear that wasn't dirty or a t-shirt. So, I'm in the back getting a cup pf coffee when Dennis comes up and says, "No clean clothes? You got an interview or a lunch date?" I was like, "Yea! No clean clothes!!! How did you know?" He then informed me that I've only worn this shirt a few times and they were all special occasions. I so need to go shopping.

 Something that irks the living daylights out of me: coworkers who walk right past me in the morning that don’t say hello or good morning. They literally won’t talk unless someone else initiates the conversation. And I just absolutely refuse to do it anymore. I know that sounds silly and childish but I don’t care. It’s not like we don’t all talk to each other all the livelong day. We work in the same area. We have to look at each other all day long. Why do they have their noses stuck in the air with their ears shut? That’s what I miss most about the South; the hospitality and friendliness. Oh well. I could complain about that until the cows came home but that won’t get me anywhere. So, onto bigger and better things. Chris & I are enjoying our new 6.3 megapixel digital camera. I’ll be posting some pictures now that I’ve figured out how to do that, but since the pictures are rather large in size, I will be posting pictures from Becca & Trevor’s trip on a separate webpage. I’ll add the link to the right when I’ve completed it. I also have new pictures of my nephews that I’ll be posting soon, though the boys are naked in nearly all of the pictures. What can I say? We’re Southern & don’t believe in clothes sometimes. I don’t think there are any shots of any winkies, so I don’t expect child porn charges to be filed anytime soon. One of the ladies in our office has just walked past handing out copies of the latest sample sales. A sample sale is a hugely discounted sale of designer brands; anything from Vera Wang to Chanel to Armani to Gucci to Kate Spade to Sean Jean and on and on and on. While normal prices are slashed up to 90%, everything is still somewhat expensive – especially considering my paycheck.

 urlLink Becca & Trevor with the Manhattan skyline in the background. This was taken from the roof of our apt. building.&nbsp; urlLink

 In sad news, former President Ronald Reagan has passed away at the age of 93. According to urlLink CNN.com : His office said he died of pneumonia, described as a complication of Alzheimer's disease, a condition he made public in a stirring letter in 1994. In disturbing news, someone has allowed urlLink J Lo to marry again . This time to singer Marc Anthony. Let's see if this one will last the year mark. I somehow doubt it, but they could surprise me. In an effort to do my part, I've joined urlLink Spirit of America . If they should need me to, I'll volunteer my time and/or skills - what little I have - to help send aid to those who need it in Iraq and Afghanistan. I've seen various references to urlLink Spirit of America all over the internet & I've always been a late bloomer, so go check it out & volunteer if you can. They need all the help they can get and they've already done some good in these war-torn countries. Now, I've taken that first step. Go take yours. And while I'm at it, I'm also going to plug urlLink Voices of Valor: D-Day: June 6, 1944 written by Douglas Brinkley and Ronald Drez, with help from our very own Anne of urlLink In A Puddle who worked on the 2 CDs that come with the book. Go and check it out. So far, I've only read what's on the page that is urlLink linked here & I'm intrigued. I plan on picking up the book. In another piece of sad news, Becca & Trevor left this morning. I'm sad & I cried on the walk back from putting them in a cab. I miss them already. I'll be putting up pictures from their trip in the next few days. If I can figure out how to add pictures to my blog, then I'll add a couple here and there. I'll let you know when I have pictures from their trip up. Yesterday, we went exploring in Central Park. Neither Chris nor I had ever been that deep into the park we discovered a lot of hidden areas - rape stations as we like to call them. Needless to say, we promised each other to never venture that far in without someone with us. There are some really secluded areas with waterfalls & bridges and such. Pretty cool. Finally, for this week's urlLink Unconscious Mutterings : I say ... and you think ... ? 1. Charity : give money 2. Scale : cliffs 3. Jennifer Lopez : married again?!? 4. Coercion : terrorism 5. Meter : measurement 6. Pressure : earthquake 7. June : summer 8. Infestation : summer bugs 9. Serial killer : The Frighteners (which I watched the other day) 10. Anguish : torment

 So this past week's blogging has been a little sporadic, but next week will be back to normal. I'm a little sad today since Becca & Trevor will be leaving in the morning. I'll probably cry like I always do. I think they're going to stay up all night tonight since they have to leave the apt. at 4 am. I plan on staying up with them. I tried staying up last night, but crashed around midnight. I woke up at 5 this morning to find Chris the Great asleep next to me, with his bedside lamp and the TV on. But, since you've been lacking, here, ladies & gentlemen, are your WEEKEND LINKS : It's about time you've met urlLink TRAVIS ! Yes, he's the next internet superstar! And then there's urlLink ghetto furniture at its best ! If this shows up in my house or the house of anyone I know, I will personally destroy it. Want to see a picture of urlLink John Ashcroft made entirely out of pictures of porn ? Of course you do! urlLink Just click here . I don't know about you, but I prefer to have no party favors than urlLink this ! I would say this is a urlLink bizarre series of art , but I'm sure someone's loving it. While I like the style, I just don't think this happens very often. If so, someone needs new undershorts. I'm sure some people get off on urlLink this sort of thing , I just hope I'm never invited over to their house. You sick, sick f*cks. This is a urlLink badass webpage if ever I saw one. Watch his eyes when you move around the page. And finally, here are the urlLink dirty 2nd cousins of the Care Bears .

 Ok, so I thinks it's obvious - to the world - that we got a little drunk the other night for Becca's 21st birthday. May I just say that Marines & Fleet Week are now my favorite holiday! So now Becca & Trevor are somewhere in Chinatown hagling for sunglasses & watches. I'm so proud! Unfortunately, I now have to pull myself out of this chair & go in there and do the dishes before I start dinner. Never stops. And today's winner of the Yayaempress: What the Fuck Award is: urlLink Man Commits Suicide After Sex With Hen . Dude, what the fuck?!?

 YA YA REVOLUTION Today, our revealing expose on Ya Ya Empress continues. A post from Friday, October 3, 2003 provides our first definitive proof of her trusty sidekick, sweetly referred to as Becca .&nbsp; However, she is also known as Becca The Bruiser on the undercover circuit.&nbsp; Ashcroft has photographs, magnificently captured in black and white I might add, of BTB holding Mormon missionaries' bicycles over a trash compactor until they agreed to do her evil bidding.&nbsp; The Bruiser has also been known to discreetly do away with top level officials by slipping them genetically altered Dr. Peppers with the fizz of death .&nbsp; In other news on this day, Ya Ya, sends a secret message out to her supporters for a secret project thinly veiled as televised wrestling.&nbsp; In reality, Ya Ya has masterminded a plan to harvest the transients looked down upon by society into an indestructible army of darkness.&nbsp; Yes, the code name Smackdown can mean only one thing - a finely tuned crack whore martial arts squadron.&nbsp; It is a straight man's best fantasy and worst nightmare as he watches them pull those Chinese stars off their nipples and plant them firmly in his chest.&nbsp;&nbsp; I shudder even now as I think about it. On Tuesday, October 6, 2003 , Ya Ya has decided to make her him-bot, formerly known as Chris the Great, into the general of her Crack Whore Debutantes of Death (CWDOD) &nbsp;by dressing him up as a, and I quote, "transvestite Viking."&nbsp; The CWDOD is on constant standby, ready to respond with one subtle movement of the horn on his helmet, his long blonde pigtails flowing out behind him like a Nazi propaganda film that can only be achieved by a well placed stage fan.&nbsp; (Thank Becca the Bruiser for that one, disguised as a hotel maid with a peg leg and monocle.) Thursday, October 9, 2003 , shows that Ya Ya has planted her him-bot undercover at the Mandarin Oriental New York Hotel at Columbus Circle , which is a sinister match with his fatal, chopstick-wielding skills.&nbsp; In addition to stealing small, scented soaps in the shape of Chairman Mao's head, popping the freshness seals on freshly cleaned toilets. misdirecting room service to deliver big juicy steaks to vegetarians and speaking with a bad Chinese accent picked up around, say Cuba, he will be on the ready to steal what Ya Ya has been after for years... the ancient Chinese secret from their laundry services.&nbsp; With it, she could develop secret weapons that could wrinkle freshly pressed clothes within a 50-mile radius of ground zero.&nbsp; There is nothing worse than a wrinkled news anchor, which could effectively destroy the morale of the entire city, or more unthinkable, New Jersey. Finally, on Wednesday, October 15, 2003 , we are lucky to find a secret message from BTB to the Ya Ya. (Don't you just love secret code?)&nbsp; "Becca" confirms the chilling effectiveness from Ya Ya's push cart tests and agrees that they should arm Ya Ya's crack whore soldiers with them.&nbsp; Sashaying down the streets on roller skates, and gaudy outfits stolen from the rack of Frederick's of Hollywood , her crackerjack crack whores will take out the strongest citizens of New York first by snapping their spine from the impact of their shopping cart and then carting off the body in their cart as if it is just another homeless person dressed smartly in an Armani suit.&nbsp; Feeling overly confident, BTB uses the name of her best undercover agent, Mr. Lovan Tomas, and leader of her below 14" feline spy ring. In her last post for the day, Ya Ya confesses her plan, once again symbolically hidden in code, to steal the testicles of every man in the world.&nbsp; Yes, she talks about someone stealing a baseball at a game, but it only makes patent her true intent for the society she wishes to create - Boys Without Balls (BWB).&nbsp; What diabolical purpose can she have for all of these bollocks?&nbsp; Stay tuned.

 As an insider to the Yaya Empire, it is in great hush-hushness that I expose the true Yaya to you all. I can only do this as she and Chris the Great are overseas. (I have just finished watching The Bourne Identity and I think I can take over the world, one assassin at a time!) Let us look at a little background history, shall we? We know that she was born and raised in Louisiana. She supposedly had a full childhood with regular trips to visit family out of town. Records indicate one arrest when she was just in high school. (Once? In high school??? What????) She was smuggling illegal immigrants in from the borders of Mexico. One can only assume that these immigrants would serve as minions to her ever growing empire. Is Yaya really in Italy? Do you really believe that she's on a "honeymoon"? Stay tuned to find out.......

 WHO IS THE YA YA EMPRESS? Hey there, it's Jef from urlLink Cult of Je f in his first ever guest blog, while Ya Ya Empress and Chris the Great are in Italy.&nbsp; I hope they are having a wonderful time. To tell you the truth, I don't know Ya Ya (May I call you Ya Ya?) very well.&nbsp; We just collided like two people trying to carry several drinks back to our individual groups of friends in a bar one night, but I just keep coming back to learn more.&nbsp; She's kind of like those little chocolate covered pretzels - you can't eat just one. So, I thought I might explore and ask the questions others may be too afraid to ask: Who is Ya Ya Empress?&nbsp; What is her evil plan for world domination?&nbsp; Where does she keep her secret chocolate stash?&nbsp; I am determined to probe Ya Ya... deeply .&nbsp; First, what is a ya ya?&nbsp; Ya can be an acronym for "Young Adult" and "Yet Another."&nbsp; It is also the feminine for yo yo in the lost Serbian language Shoolencrouch, which links her roots back to the once powerful country of Hotchglosia, whose descendents have now fled to an underground of retail terrorism, flooding American stores with useless Ronco rip-off's such as pasta bowls with built-in colanders, shoes with retractable wheels and devices to bejewel denim jackets. Secondly, what is an empress?&nbsp; urlLink Dictionary.com defines an empress as the woman ruler of an empire or the wife or widow of an emperor.&nbsp; This can mean only one thing.&nbsp; Chris the Great is secret Russian royalty and he has been replaced for her own dark purposes by a him-bot, which is a robot duplicate of the original Christ the Great.&nbsp; She can now rule through her puppet pawn with no one being the wiser... except me, the thorn in her diabolical side. To begin my research, I have started with her urlLink first post from Thursday, October 12, 2003, and I have determined that Ya Ya is a drug user.&nbsp; That's right! You heard it here first.&nbsp; She engages in the dangerous practice of mixing over-the-counter medications together for a Theraflu/Nyquil cocktail.&nbsp; She obviously does not understand how to responsibly use Nyquil. It should only be used to treat colds, sedate hyperactive children and as a morning beverage.&nbsp; Further information gleamed from this post indicates her culvert operation is centered in Midtown Manhattan, which the Muppets once took quite successfully.&nbsp; When she isn't plotting to take over the world, Ya Ya likes to further explore her flannel fetish, which she innocently refers to as PJ's,&nbsp;at home.&nbsp;&nbsp; She says that she believes in the institution of marriage to throw us all off into believing that she is a humble housewife and not&nbsp;the international woman of mystery that she is.&nbsp; She closes her message by waxing on about her enthusiasm for Christian holidays wrapped in pagan traditions and and a future rendezvous with her family, AKA her henchmen/henchwomen.&nbsp; While this may look like a harmless post, I was able to have it analyzed by one of our country's top encryptologists, Dr. Hubert E. Pickens at the University of Podunkville, Alabama.&nbsp;&nbsp; Using a special computer program, Dr. Pickens revealed that this post contains a secret message, which is "More diamonds needed for the death ray.&nbsp; Send salami immediately." I will close for now, but if I should disappear, do not be surprised if the CIA shall contact you in code here.

 Well, this is it!!&nbsp; In about an hour, we're heading to the airport for Italy!!&nbsp; Thanks everyone for the well wishes & good tidings!&nbsp; We're both very excited for this trip and we hopefully haven't forgotten to pack anything major - like underwear, but I know I packed underwear. During my absence, urlLink Jef of Cult of Jef , urlLink Cinderella of Cinderella's Random Thoughts , along with my sisters, Catherine (Cat), and Becca will be filling in.&nbsp; Here are the keys little ones, just clean up after the party & don't break anything valuable.&nbsp; I've already hidden the sex & drug paraphernalia so don't even think of snooping around for it. Ok, we're off!&nbsp; Ciao!!

 O.K. thought I had this blog thing figured out but tried to post something a minute ago and it just disappeared on me! Maybe this one will go through. So I guess YAYA and Chris the Great are just about ready to leave for their Italian vacation, wish I was going with them. It will be interesting to see what will happen to her blog while she is away!

 Uh Oh! Look whos keys on found on my front door step!&nbsp; Anybody ready for a lil' p a r t y ?

 urlLink I leave you with a picture of frogs my nephew Jackson keeps catching in Louisiana.&nbsp; urlLink

 Announcing: keys to this blog are up for grabs for a few days while I'm in Italy!&nbsp; urlLink Jef of urlLink Cult of Jef has graciously offered to help me out, but there's room for more!&nbsp; So, if you want to do a little guest blogging, drop me a comment or email me at urlLink yayaempress@yahoo.com .&nbsp; I still hope to post while I'm away, but just in case I can't . . .

 I'm going to Italy in a couple of days!!&nbsp; Actually, this time Wednesday, I'll be flying over the Atlantic.&nbsp; Yippeeee!&nbsp; I'm hoping that I'll get to post while I'm in Italy, but we'll have to see what I can do.&nbsp; If I don't get to post, then I'll be back in just over a week - next Friday.&nbsp; I'd like to see if someone wanted to guest post, but I don't know if anyone would even be interested.&nbsp; I guess drop me a comment if anyone wants the keys to the front door.&nbsp; Till then, I leave you with the following: Here's a fun link to urlLink Crispin Glover's appearance on David Letterman while tripping on acid .&nbsp; Fun for the whole family.&nbsp; Ok, not really for the whole family.

 Today, from Unconcious Mutterings, Week 77&nbsp; I say ... and you think ... ? &nbsp;&nbsp;1. Sleep : Something I need more of &nbsp;&nbsp;2. Stats : Anaylist &nbsp;&nbsp;3. Portfolio : Money &nbsp;&nbsp;4. Lipton : Tea &nbsp;&nbsp;5. Telly : British for TV &nbsp; 6. Immigrate : software &nbsp;&nbsp;7. Viable : Capable &nbsp; 8. Serene :&nbsp;Peaceful &nbsp;&nbsp;9. Mountain : Where I was yesterday 10. Natalie : urlLink Pickled I went to Rockaway, New Jersey yesterday with Olivia (from work).&nbsp; We went to hang out at Ada's house (also from work).&nbsp; We drank all day long & had some great Thai food, Olivia's keylime pie, and a caramlized brie with melons that Ada made.&nbsp; We lounged in/by the pool and listened to music.&nbsp;&nbsp;I took the hour-long bus&nbsp;ride&nbsp;back to Port Authority in NYC and was home by 9pm.&nbsp; We had a great time! Today is laundry & clean the apartment day.&nbsp; It totally needs it!&nbsp; I'm trying to wash up all of our clothes that we'll need for Italy.&nbsp; We leave Wednesday & I couldn't be more excited!&nbsp; Amanda will be stopping by every other day to feed Berg and give him some company.&nbsp; I wish he were the type of cat that she could bring back to her apartment to play with her cat, Chloe, but Berg while Berg has a big bark, he's really just a pussy.&nbsp; Yes, pun intended.

 So tonight, Chris-the-Great & I went to a little bar called Faces &amp; Names on 54th Street between 6th and 7th Avenues.&nbsp; Nice little spot, but there has been so much turnover at The Essex House (Hotel), that I don't even know half the people anymore.&nbsp; But I did get to see my favorite gay friend - Damien.&nbsp; He's so absolutely fabulous that he could entertain me all night - not to mention what happens when he gets together with Chris.&nbsp; They ham it up big time!&nbsp; Damien is in some sort of position at The Essex House where he deals with big name stars and their press junkets, etc. that are held at the hotel.&nbsp; He seems to know everyone! We went&nbsp;to wish Mai good luck on her trip back to Japan, which is where she is from.&nbsp; She'll be going back for good & we wish her the best!&nbsp; Another hotel friend, Kelly, is moving to a little French island for a year.&nbsp; She's saved up enough money and now she's going to spend the next year lounging on a French beach and studying for the LSAT trying to get into law school.&nbsp; That's awesome, too! Chris-the-Great & I watched a video about Rome last night.&nbsp; It was so exciting and I want to watch it again before we go.&nbsp; We'll start packing this weekend so there's time to run out and pick up&nbsp;anything we're missing&nbsp;before we leave Wednesday. I'm sitting here posting since I left Chris-the-Great at the bar.&nbsp; You ever just get ancy and need to leave a place?&nbsp; That's what happened tonight & when I told Chris-the-Great that I needed to go, he thought I would be upset that he wanted to stay for another hour or so.&nbsp; I gave him my blessings and he walked me to 7th Avenue, hailed a cab, kissed me&nbsp;and handed me&nbsp;cab fare.&nbsp; I love him.

 Today, the minutes ticked away at a granny snail's pace at work. It should have been at least two days - that's how long it was! And I didn't have a single thing to do pretty much the entire day besides track down presentations for our Production Dept that my boss was reviewing. Oh, and I strutted around in my new white skirt with the purple and tan flowers on it that I bought yesterday, along with the purple v-neck shirt that matches. Everyone has complimented me on it - even my boss who for the past 3 years has taken absolutely no notice of what I've worn. Today he says, "I really like what you have on today." I'm like, "Thanks!" And that was that.&nbsp; Until I get off the train today at my stop after work.&nbsp; I walk down the first set of stairs, go through the turnstile, round the corner and nearly bump into a girl wearing my skirt and a lighter purple shirt.&nbsp; Damn, thought I'd gotten hold of a good skirt there, but now I'm afraid I'll be seeing it everywhere. The weather is really crappy today and if I remember correctly, the weather report this morning was for monsoon-like rains. Lovely. Because that's the kind of rain we've had the entire day. Perhaps one day soon it will decide to get sunny & warm before "summer" is over. Oh! Lightening just now! With the faintest hint of thunder. What I wouldn't give to be back on the farm with a nice tin roof listening to that rain come down! From what I hear, my nephew, Jackson, is in Louisiana having a good ole time. It's been reported that he loves this Grandaddy's new pond and tractor. His grandmother, Mimi as we call her, has already bought him a pair of rubber boots and some new tennis shoes - or sneakers as these Yankees call them - and some sandals. Oh! I nearly forgot - I saw a girl get hit by a car yesterday! Ok, maybe I should say that with a little less enthusiasm: i saw a girl get hit by a car yesterday. She wasn't really hurt. She was jaywalking and a cab driver was backing up so he could parallel park along 49th Street &amp; 7th Avenue. He bumped her and she did the rollover & flip thing in her teeny tiny skirt. I'm sure someone caught sight of her undies, but not me. Not that I'm interested in that sort of thing - you know, other girls undies. Anyway, all's well &amp; good with her, I guess, though I imagine her leg has to hurt today where he hit her. So earlier, I ventured over to Newsfeed - News for Bloggers, News for Junkies, where I stumbled upon this story: urlLink US food scientists working for the US military have developed a dried food ration that troops can hydrate by adding dirty water or urine. Now, I don't know about you, but I just don't think I could live with myself knowing that I rehydrated my food by pissing on it. I just couldn't do it. You? And then I read a story on MSNBC.com today that tells us what we already know: urlLink Howard Stern, blogs and voter virgins hold the key to the election. I watched this video a couple of weeks ago, but since I've heard about it all over the news I figured people might be looking for the link to urlLink This Land &nbsp;by brothers Greg and Evan Spiridellis.&nbsp; It's a spoof of this fabulous show we call Election Year 2004.&nbsp; Watch it!&nbsp; You'll love it!

 urlLink Mr. Mike, Chris-the-Great, Greg, Erin & Eli outside the UCB Theatre.&nbsp; urlLink

 So Chris-the-Great was on the Graham Norton Effect last night.&nbsp; His part was about 45 minutes into the show.&nbsp; They were doing a scene where earlier, they sent an audience member backstage to be painted so that he could hide in plain site on the streets of Manhattan.&nbsp; As soon as Graham Norton spotted the guy, they called him on his cell phone to see if that was him.&nbsp; That was Chris-the-Great's cue to walk this dog past the guy.&nbsp; Chris stopped and started talking to the guy and his dog started sniffing the guy's crotch.&nbsp; They don't show Chris-the-Great's face, which is good since they'll be able to use him again this season.&nbsp; Once they show his face, that's it until next season.&nbsp; I'm so proud of him!&nbsp; I know this was no big part or anything, but it's a start and it will give him some experience with TV and he got paid.&nbsp; Always a good thing! I am so ready to sleep in a bit on Saturday.&nbsp; I woke up yesterday morning thinking it was Saturday - you can imagine my disappointment when I realized that the alarm&nbsp;going off was meant to wake me up early for a reason. Tomorrow, I'm heading out to New Jersey for what I hope is atleast a&nbsp;dry day if not sunny.&nbsp; I bought a&nbsp;new swimming suit yesterday even though I may not get to use it.&nbsp; Ok, I must go get ready for work.

 This is a cool link to urlLink Faces of Heros which is a website of photos of US soldiers who have taken part of a project as they pass through the airport on their 2 week leave from the Iraq War.&nbsp; Thanks to urlLink DaGoddess . Since it's been a while, I think I'll have to post a picture soon.&nbsp; Don't know what, but I'll post something soon.

 So Chris-the-Great did a spot on the Graham Norton Effect but I don't know when it will air.&nbsp; Sometime next week, I would assume but since I don't watch it all the time, I don't really know when it comes on.&nbsp; I'll let you know more as I find out more. Anyway, Olivia & I went out for martinis last night - my first martini.&nbsp; I had one raspberry, one strawberry and one apple which I didn't finish.&nbsp; I would have been sick if I had finished the third one especially since I hadn't had dinner yet.&nbsp; I came home to pig out of Wheat Thins and cheese sprinkled with Tony Chacherey's seasoning. So this time week, we'll be on a plane to Italy!&nbsp; Three days in Rome, three days in Florence & three days in Venice.&nbsp; I'm so ready for some vacation!&nbsp; But first, this Saturday, I'm going to a coworkers house in New Jersey.&nbsp; I'm meeting up with 3 or 4 other girls from work to take the hour long bus trip.&nbsp; We'll be hanging out by the pool all day drinking so it's good no ones driving.&nbsp; Maybe I'll come away with a little bit of a tan.&nbsp; I may have to go buy a new swimming suit.

 Mr. Mike & Jackson left at 6:15 this morning for Louisiana.&nbsp; I enjoyed their visit, but I sure wish&nbsp;our aptartment was&nbsp;bigger.&nbsp; I've been up since 5 am, so I'm looking forward to turning in early tonight. &nbsp; After 3 martinies (Raspberry, Strawberry & Apple) with Olivia after work today, I am finally home watching BIG on the Discovery Channel.&nbsp; Chris-the-Great is off taping some segment on the urlLink Graham Norton Effect .&nbsp; I'll let you know when it is supposed to air.&nbsp; I'm proud of Chris-the-Great!&nbsp; It's taken some time but I think he's finally found something that captures his attention and he finds interesting - improve/sketch comedy, not the Graham Norton Effect.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; I've been cruising through what blogs I can at work, but our IT dept blocks so many of my daily reads.&nbsp;&nbsp; Instead, let me tell you about this:&nbsp; I think maybe I can't remember who reminded me why blogging is for me, but here goes:&nbsp; It's the glimpses into someone's life - their everyday mundane life - that they choose to share with me.&nbsp; It's those priveleged moments that they&nbsp;choose to pass along to those they've never met.&nbsp; It's sweet & kind moments that they think no one will give a rat's ass about, and yet they post it anyway not really knowing why.&nbsp; It's the drunkin posts I give after going out drinking with Olivia.

 Chris-the-Great had his level 2 graduation show this afternoon &amp; they were great!&nbsp; 10 times better than his level 1 graduation show, but they've worked their asses off and it shows.&nbsp; I'm very proud of him! &nbsp; Other than that, we didn't do a whole lot today.&nbsp; After his show, Chris-the-Great and his classmates went out for a couple of drinks while Mike, Cindy &amp; I came home&nbsp;and watched urlLink Love Actually .&nbsp; Great movie though it seems they could have made a couple of movies out of all of those characters and we could have gotten to know all of the characters a little better.&nbsp; But then again, it would have been a totally different movie.&nbsp; So, long story short, I loved urlLink Love Actually ! &nbsp; Last night, we went to eat at this place called urlLink Neo's which does this fusion sushi &amp; it was fabulou!&nbsp; It was a little pricey, but definitely worth it.&nbsp; Afterward, we went to UCB and watched the 9 pm show - urlLink Respecto Good vs. Elvis .&nbsp; Very funny indeed! &nbsp; That's about it really.&nbsp; Chris-the-Great &amp; Mike are watching urlLink The Road Warrior on TV.&nbsp; Very strange movie.&nbsp; Funny to watch it now that it's over 20 years old (1981).&nbsp; The costumes are great, let me tell ya.&nbsp; And great storyline.&nbsp; Ok, not really. &nbsp; Mike has one more day here in NYC.&nbsp; Cindy is taking off work tomorrow so they can all hang out.&nbsp; Early Tuesday morning, Mike is taking Jackson, my nephew, back to Louisiana for about a month.&nbsp; And since Chris-the-Great's parents are building their new barn on their 80 or so acres of land in urlLink Richland Parish , Jackson will have plenty to keep him busy.&nbsp; I hear there's some wood that needs stacking &amp; some turtles that need to come out of the new pond.&nbsp; Ah yes, cheap child labor!&nbsp; All in exchange for a little spending money, some tractor &amp; 4-wheeler driving among other fun stuff.&nbsp; I wish I were going!

 Another day, another random trip to Brooklyn.&nbsp; Well, Coney Island anyway.&nbsp; My father-in-law, Mike, came in yesterday from Louisiana.&nbsp; He's staying with us this time around.&nbsp; Friday night, Mike, Cindy &amp; I went to see Chicago starring Paige Davis as Roxie Hart.&nbsp; While the show was great &amp; I love me some Paige Davis, there was a woman in black leather underwear &amp; fishnet body stocking&nbsp;who had a fantastic body!&nbsp; I think I was watching her more than ole Paige.&nbsp; I'm glad Chris-the-Great wasn't there or he'd have left me on the spot. &nbsp; Anyway, today, Mike, Jackson &amp; I went to Chinatown and then on to Coney Island on a whim.&nbsp; We had time to kill.&nbsp; Mike &amp; I had never been to Coney Island &amp; I definitely want to go back when I have more time.&nbsp; We walked along the boardwalk and onto this great long pier where people were throwing crab&nbsp;baskets out with raw chicken.&nbsp; They were catching these small crabs that really weren't worth eating, so I don't know why they were keeping them.&nbsp; Not my problem.&nbsp; We ended up riding the Q train from one end (at Coney Island) to the other end (at 57th Street). &nbsp; Afterward, we met up with Cindy, John &amp; Chris to go eat at Neo's, which is a Japanese Fusion Sushi restaurant.&nbsp; Nice place &amp; some of the best sushi I've had yet.&nbsp; A little pricey, but great!&nbsp; After that, we went to the UCB and watched Respecto Montebon during the 9 pm show.&nbsp; Now I'm about to head to bed.&nbsp; Chris-the-Great has to go to work in the morning - 7 am.&nbsp; Poor thing.&nbsp; I'm planning on sleeping in until Berg wakes me.

 from Lori at urlLink Downtown Chick Chat who got it from Rachel at urlLink bitchalicious . &nbsp; FIRSTS First job: Babysitting since I can remember, but officially, I worked at a daycare center at 15. First screen name: yayaempress - I really can't remember my first. First self-purchased CD: I have no idea. First piercing/tattoo: Pierced ears at like 2 and tattoo (fluer-de-lis) at 23. First true love: you mean besides Tom Cruise in Top Gun? That would have to be Chris-the-Great! First enemy: broken arms &amp; casts. &nbsp; LASTS Last big car ride: At Christmas when I went home, they let me drive the 2 hours to my grandparents house. Last kiss: This morning when I walked my honey to the door like I do every morning. Last library book checked out: Many years ago, I checked out Helter Skelter &amp; I still have it. I wonder what the library fine is up to now? Last movie seen: Anchorman at the movies Friday night. Last beverage drank: Some water after throwing up this afternoon. Last food consumed: A tuna sandwich from Au Bon Pain for lunch. Last phone call: My sister-in-law in Mississippi. Last CD played: Charlie Daniels Band, I think. Last annoyance: Anything that comes out of Michael Moore's mouth. Last pop drank: I had a Coke yesterday at lunch. Last ice cream eaten: About 2 weeks ago, I had some Ben &amp; Jerry's Vanilla with Caramel. Last time scolded: A few days ago probably. I think I was annoying Chris or something. Last shirt worn: I'm currently wearing a white v-neck cotton shirt. &nbsp; I... I am: ready to go to Italy. I want: to move into a nicer apt. I have: cleaning to do. I wish: I didn't have to work for a living. I hate: stupidity (read: Michael Moore) I fear: losing my loved ones. I hear: Chris-the-Great contimplating his plans for tonight after class. I search: For porn sometimes - me too, urlLink Lori ! I wonder: if I'll ever have kids &amp; what our life will be like. I regret: my ability to procrastinate. I love: my friends and family. I always: blink a lot. I am not: a mindreader! I dance: while doing dishes &amp; listening to the radio. I sing: in the kitchen. I cry: when I'm emotionally tired. &nbsp; YES or NO: You keep a diary: Yes, written &amp; this blog. You like to cook: yes! You have a secret you have not shared with anyone: I'm sure I do. Or do I? &nbsp; DO YOU...? Have a crush: Yes, Chris-the-Great (&amp; Brad Pitt) Want to get married: I already am! Get motion sickness: No. You're a health freak: No. Current hair color: Blond/light brown. Eye color: Hazel (brown &amp; green). Birthplace: Monroe, Louisiana. &nbsp; FAVORITES Number: 4 Color: Blue Day: Saturday Month: October. Songs: I don't have just one. Season: Fall! Drink: Water or Coke Alcohol: Jack Daniels &amp; Coke &nbsp; PREFERENCES Cuddle or make out: Make out first, cuddle later. Chocolate milk or hot chocolate: Hot chocolate. Milk, dark, or white chocolate: Dark, baby! Vanilla or chocolate: Vanilla. &nbsp; IN THE LAST 24 HRS, HAVE YOU... Cried? No. Helped someone? Yes. Bought something? Yes, I bought a fern this morning at the farmer's market in Rockefeller Center and I bought lunch. Gotten sick? Nope. Gone to the movies? No. Said 'I love you'?: Yes. Written a real letter: Not in the last 24 hours. Talked to an ex?: No. Missed an ex?: No. Written in a journal?: Yes, both of them. Had a serious talk?: No. Missed someone? Yes. Hugged someone? Yes.

 Happy Hump Day! I've got some good ones for you today! urlLink The Shining in 30 Seconds & by bunnies . urlLink The Exorcist in 30 Seconds & by bunnies . I've posted this one some time ago, but I loved it the first time! urlLink The Titanic in 30 Seconds & by bunnies. And in the political spirit of things, you should ABSOLUTELY, DEFINITELY, WITHOUT A DOUBT watch urlLink THIS VIDEO . Just a suggestions. It takes a little while to load & you need your speakers & it's absolutely hilarious regardless of what your political views might be. Thanks to Daniel at urlLink ...was i there ? OK, enough for today. I'll try to do better tomorrow.

 I found urlLink this video via Daniel at urlLink ...was I there? and it is hilarious!! Warning!! Not safe for work & you'll need your speakers. Chris-the-Great and I are about to go watch some improv comedy at the UCB. I haven't been since Brad & Beth were up here for a visit. Update on Mamaw Ilva: [Background: she had a heart attack Saturday and was in ICU; she's 80-yrs-old] She's in a room now and is in high spirits & says she never been so popular with all of the phone calls & flowers, etc. She sounds good and I could hear my Papaw Leo coughing in the background when I called. They're going to try to regulate her blood pressure with medicine and start her on a cardiac rehab program. There's no blockage, which is good, cause we're beef people. Maybe that's a good side effect of a diet rich in home grown red meats & vegetables. Gotta love her! Well, I should go pull Chris-the-Great away from his Playstation. He's been playing XIII which is a RPG or role playing game.

 Saw this cool meme on Rita's site at urlLink Res Ipsa Loquitur who got it from Lynn S at urlLink Reflections in d minor , so play along. 1. UPN or Fox? Fox 2. roller derby or WWE? WWE! 3. Loretta Lynn or Tammy Wynette? Loretta Lynn 4. Tony Lama or Durango? Tony Lama 5. fried Spam or fried boloney? fried boloney 6. Buck Owens or Porter Wagoner? who? 7. fiddle or banjo? fiddle 8. Texas or Tennessee? Texas 9. Ford or Chevy? (pickup of course) Ford 10. extended cab or long bed? extended cab 11. Tabasco or Texas Pete's? Tabasco 12. Saints or Cowboys? fav=Saints, to win=Cowboys 13. baseball cap or cowboy hat? cowboy hat 14. double wide or single wide? double baby! 15. Wal-mart or K-mart? Wal-Marts - yes, that's with an 's' 16. "Your Cheatin' Heart" or "I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry"? I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry 17. Gunsmoke or Bonanza? Bonanza! 18. Johnny Cash or Merle Haggard? (ooooh... tough choice) toughie, but I'll go with Johnny Cash 19. catfish or buffalo wings? catfish 20. Charlie Daniels Band or ZZ Top? Charlie Daniels Band! 21. Velvet painting: Elvis or bullfighter? bullfighter 22. Plastic sunflowers or plastic flamingos? plastic flamingos (Dwight) 23. Lawn chairs: molded plastic or aluminum frame? molded plastic 24. John Wayne or Clint Eastwood? John Wayne

 I saw this on urlLink SondraK's site & couldn't resist posting it. Make sure your speakers/volumne are on. It's the urlLink Greatest Love Story Ever Told . I wonder if they'll do it in the Oval Office dare they get elected?

 urlLink Monique & Tristan&nbsp; urlLink

 Last night, Chris-the-Great & I went to hang out with some friends we hadn't seen in about a year. They moved to Washington DC, bought a house & had another kid - they already had one. It was really great to see them & I didn't realize how much I'd missed them until I saw them again last night. They will leave Monday morning so I think we're going to hang out with them again this afternoon - after I do laundry & before going to the urlLink UCB tonight. Today from urlLink Unconscious Mutterings , I say ... and you think ... ? 1. Crippling : Devestating 2. Tough : Hard 3. Slinky : Red Dress 4. Slogan : Catch Phrase 5. Stuffed : With Cheese 6. Instructions : Please Follow Them 7. Expletive : F*ck Off! 8. Cartoon : Saturday Mornings 9. Toddler : Full of Engergy 10. Insinuation : Blame

 I'm a wee bit upset right now because I just found out that my grandmother had a heart attack. My parents are on their way there now, but I can't seem to put it out of my head regardless of the fact that there's nothing I can do for anyone this far away from home. I called my sister, Cat, and she's promised to call me no matter the time of day or night if she hears anything. I can only wish her the best and that she'll begin feeling better soon & perhaps that her doctors will step up and treat her instead of trying to pass her heart problems off on her gall bladder or whatever other lame excuse they can come up with. I wish I were there at the hospital with them.

 And now for your Saturday links: These are some urlLink pretty cool bears , just run your pointer over them. And here's a little story about a couple who attended a concert but then decided they wanted to play a urlLink more active role . Lord, may I never drink that much that I would do something like that! I just don't know that many people who would have sex on stage at a concert. This is a fun little urlLink optical illusion - it's just a little hard to look at first thing in the morning. And from the same website, I found a picture of urlLink this toilet that I've heard so much about. You can see outside the toilet, but they can't see in. Crazy! I wish I knew where this was. I've been waiting for this to come out for a while now: urlLink Kerry Poppa . The game where John Kerry's head explodes. Loving it.

 urlLink Anchorman with Will Ferrell was pretty funny - not as funny as Dodgeball, but funny. Chris-the-Great is about to go out with his friends & I'm staying home since I had enough Jack & Coke last night to tide me over through tonight. I'm about to watch VH1's Behind The Music: Guns-N-Roses. They played this the other day and people raved about this, so I can't not watch it. I'm obviously not the only one who has noticed this, but thanks to Rita of urlLink Res Ipsa Loquitur & Matt of urlLink Drudge Report 2004 , we can all get one collaborative look at what's unfolding in front of our very eyes. I'd like to join in in saying: GET A ROOM!! I haven't had time to check out the entire site, but you should urlLink Play along with the Saddam Hussein Dead Pool ! Thanks to urlLink Becca for that one!

 This was so hilarious, that I had to post it! It's a urlLink cartoon about Starbucks so make sure you have your speakers on. Not safe for kids. Thanks to Lori at urlLink Downtown Chick Chat !

 I'm sorry Cat, but it seems that you may never get your chance at Kenny Rogers. He's just become the urlLink father of twins . (He has 3 children from a previous marriage.) I think most of us have seen The Passion of the Christ and are now familiar with the actor who played Jesus, James (Jim) Caviezel. It seems that on a recent trip to New Mexico, the locals mistook him for the real thing and began urlLink requesting miracles from the actor . Just wondering: Why is it that just about every IT dept I've come across are full of a bunch of arrogant b@st@rds? Not only are they arrogant, but they have also blocked half of the blogs I read at work. A$$hats!! Harvey over at urlLink Bad Example has answered the Precision Guided Humor assignment of coming up with a urlLink theme song for Michael Moore . By the way, a belated HAPPY BIRTHDAY goes our to our own el presidente: George W Bush! Sorry, I'm late with that big man! Thanks to urlLink Uptown Girl who gave me something fun to do that didn't include porn. She has a urlLink picture of Kerry & Edwards and invites you to supply a caption in the comments section. There are some pretty funny ones already posted, but I challenge anyone to give it a whirl! And last, by far far not least, thanks to Court of urlLink Viva la France for her recipe for Fromage Blanc or Creole Cream Cheese!! I've personally never had it, but I'm willing to give it a shot. Fromage Blanc or Creole Cream Cheese 1 gallon skim milk 1/2 cup buttermilk 1/2 Rennet tablet (you can find these in the grocery store by the ice cream toppings) Heat milk to 80 or 90 degrees. Stir in buttermilk and rennet and set aside at room temperature. If you have to cover it, use cheesecloth. After 24 hours, you will have curds. Pour this into a mold (I used a colandar or you can get a plastic container and punch holes in the bottom) and allow to drain for another day or so. The fromage is ready when it's no longer dripping. In Louisiana, they usually pour cream or half and half over it to serve. You can also find recipes using fromage blanc/creole cream cheese from Chef John Folse and Emeril. It can be both a dessert or a meal-type food. For example, in Alsace, they serve it with garlic, onions, and roasted potatoes. A couple notes on texture--when I finished mine, it had the consistency of ricotta. To get it more like French fromage blanc, I poured a little milk and half and half in it and used a blender to whip it. Oh, and if you're a Fromage Blanc virgin, the best way to eat this is with strawberries. And maybe a little sugar on top. Delish.

 And back by popular demand, it's urlLink PRINCESS (the mega-offensive cartoon) by Trey Parker and Matt Stone - the Southpark Guys.

 Ok, onto the soapbox: I'm getting irritated again. One of my friends is so very moody & a little b*tchy. Instead of getting bent out of shape over it, I'm trying not to let it bother me. I just hate it when she's in one of her "moods." I don't need that kind of shit on my Tuesday-that-feels-like-Monday. Update: she's being nicer now. Her Midol must have kicked in. In the political arena, John Kerry has finally made a decision for once in his life: He's chosen John Edwards as his VP running mate. I can honestly say that if John Edwards had been the Democratic pick, I would be having a harder time deciding whom to vote for in November. As it is, I can't stand John Kerry and would rather not associate myself with that man at all. I know others can say the same for George Bush, but this is my blog and I'll decide whom I vote for. You liked those 2 uses of the word "whom" didn't you? Ok, so I never would have chosen them if spellcheck hadn't picked up on it but it does make me sound smarter, now doesn't it? In Vacation News: we got our passports early Saturday morning! The mailman rang my bell while I was half asleep, though I did have enough wits about me to remember to pull on a robe. Thanks be to Jesus cause I was wearing a little Victoria's Secret pink ballet slip that is oh-so-comfortable! Unfortunately, I just found out that our camera that we loaned to Sergio was stolen while he was in Puerto Rico. We lost our $300 camera and $100 memory card and he lost over 150 pictures - and some were pretty wild from what I hear! I'm not that stressed about the camera since Sergio said he would replace it, but I hate that he's out that money and that he's lost all of those pictures. Lesson learned: things get stolen in Puerto Rico. For the good of your funny bone, urlLink click here ! You like that urlLink farting cat , don't you? Chris-the-Great saw it and sat there giggling on the couch with tears rolling down his face. It must be a good one. OK, last one. I promise! Here's a funny joke for you no matter what your religion: There were 3 good arguments that Jesus was black 1. He called everyone "brother" 2. He liked Gospel 3. He couldn't get a fair trial But then there were 3 equally good arguments that Jesus was Jewish: 1. He went into His Fathers business 2. He lived at home until he was 33 3. He was sure his Mother was a virgin and his mother was sure he was God. But then there were 3 equally good arguments that Jesus was Italian: 1. He talked with his hands 2. He had wine with every meal 3. He used olive oil But then there were 3 equally good arguments that Jesus was a Californian: 1. He never cut his hair 2. He walked around barefoot all the time 3. He started a new religion But then there were 3 equally good arguments that Jesus was Irish: 1. He never got married 2. He was always telling stories 3. He loved green pastures But the most compelling evidence of all - 3 proofs that Jesus was a WOMAN: 1. He had to feed a crowd at a moment's notice when there was no food 2. He kept trying to get a message across to a bunch of men who just didn't get it 3. Even when he was dead, He had to get up because there was more work for him to do.

 I stole urlLink this from urlLink Da Goddess . So go forth and enjoy!

 urlLink Chris-the-Great at Astoria Park on July 4th&nbsp; urlLink

 Not much happening today. I have the day off and don't really have a thing planned. I might walk down to Steinway Street and go check out The Children's Place to see if they have any sales. That's about it. I'll be back later. In the spirit of urlLink Unconscious Mutterings : I say ... and you think ... ? 1. Resignation : goodbye old job! 2. Coupling : requires a couple 3. Grounded : in trouble 4. Habit : Nun 5. Chainsaw : bloody massacre 6. Rental : Blockbuster 7. Deleted : gone 8. Online personals : not for me 9. Penguin : bird in a tuxedo 10. Offend : say you're sorry

 Happy 4th of July!! I especially want to wish our friend Jeremy who is in Baghdad right now searching for insurgents & urlLink Blackjack , of course, because he's in Iraq, too. What did yall do for the 4th? Chris-the-Great & I went down to Astoria Park here in Queens. We layed out for a while and played frisbie & threw the football back and forth. Then we walked along the water toward Hoyt Avenue. We stopped at one spot underneath the Triboro Bridge and when the waves washed ashore, you could hear the water going over all of the glass. It made a tinkling sound. Crazy. There was so much trash and garbage washed up it was pretty nasty. Hope everyone has had a good weekend and if you're off tomorrow, drink a beer for me!

 Spider Man 2 was an excellent movie! At least twice as good as the first movie - perhaps better. Chris-the-Great was cheering like a little boy in a toy store. Tonight, he's at class and then he's going to watch a little improv. I'm sitting here watching Most Extreme Elimination Challenge on Spike TV. I love this show! It's basically just footage of people falling and hurting themselve, but it's a Japanese game show dubbed over by some very sarcastic Americans. Mucho funny! So Chris-the-Great bought an English-to-Italian phrase book yesterday and we've been learning a few words every day. I can't wait! I've already started buying some small things for our trip but I still need to get a converter for our electronics. We're bringing our laptop, so I hope to post during the trip. Later this month, Mr. Mike (my father-in-law), Cindy & I will be going to see urlLink Chicago starring Paige Davis from TLC's Trading Spaces. Ok, I'm going to nap on the couch for a bit until Sergio comes down to borrow our small digital camera since he's heading to Puerto Rico for a bit.

 OH... Lookey here! I thought I'd come tinker around for a bit. What do we think we can find (*oops, trip, crash*)? Damit, she told me not to use the good China. Does falling into it really count? Better go look for the super glue. (*opens large drawer in the kitchen*). Now why, oh why, would somebody have so many batteries?! Add to the story my fellow bloggers...

 IN ZE GOOD OLD SUMMERTIME Dear purveyors of freedom: I am writing this from an Apple Store in the urlLink Tlaquepaque Arts and Crafts Village in Sedona, Arizona. I barely escaped the truck stop when I was ambushed by the pussy posse. I turned around just as the hind quarters of a tortoise shell landed in my face. I would have been blinded if it were not for my cheap, imitation J-Lo sunglasses. It's not easy subduing ninja kitties, but luckily I was able to wield saltwater taffy like a whip, a little skill I picked up from dating an American Airlines flight attendant with an Indiana Jones fetish. "Oh Professor Jones, open up my ancient tomb." By the time I was through with them, the only thing you could see was their little tails whipping back and forth from under a Ms. Pac-Man machine. I trust no one now. In order to blend in with the locals, I have begun wearing a black beret, a t-shirt with black horizontal stripes and painted a thin black moustache on my upper lip. I speak in a fake French accent and spy on suspicious characters by pretending to paint on my easel. The fact that I do not have a canvas seems unimportant to others. I know Ya Ya's hidden lair is somewhere in the iron mountain. I suspect her testicular ray canon is in there, waiting to steal the testicles of men all over ze planet, replacing them with little wooden decoys. I must have proof to be sure, dear readers, therefore, tomorrow I head down into the Sunshine Valley Nudist Colony to see if I can knock on wood. Stay tuned. I feel Mr. Lovan Tomas is near; something smells fishy. Resistantly Yours, Jef

 Ah ha! and Oh No!!! It seems that my cover has been blown. Mr. Lovan Tomas has been pulled from the operations and put in the warehouse to oversee the training of the other kittens. He will for sure make our little kitten rebels the most rebellious yet! (How did this Jef know that Mr. Lovan Tomas was orange? How?) We have sent his "sister" Sativa in his place. She is equipped with the voice of Shel Silverstein. No one will ever suspect those big "Puss in Boots" eyes to be pushing a laundry cart. I have also sent our neighbor's oldest boy. He isn't much for taking orders, but he can't stay away from cute kittens. You might recognize him when you see him reading a Ramona Quimby book. Yaya checked in with headquarters this morning from Florence, Italy. She says that Italy is beautiful. I wonder if she'd had time to "make friends" there. As Yaya's next of kin here, I am honored to wish Bridget Marie Verret a very HAPPY BRITHDAY!!!!! And I shall sing...."HAPPY, HAPPY BIRTHDAY, HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU. I'M SO GLAD YOU WOKE UP! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOUUUUUUU!!!!" I hope you have a great birthday and we see you soon! Well, until the next mission.....

 ON THE RUN FROM MR. LOVAN TOMAS &amp; THE 14" FELINE SPY RING I am writing to you from a 24-hour truck stop just outside of Licking, Missouri. The warm glow of the neon flamingos and palm trees seemed comforting. I had to leave Atlanta quite suddenly when I heard the doorbell ring. I placed my ear against the door and heard several cats meowing in hushed tones. Suddenly, one of them tried the doorknob and I was out the back door like a cork out of a champagne bottle at a New Year's party for AA members with esteem issues. I'm afraid that I just have a few items that I grabbed while in fight or flight mode. Looking at them now, it's clear to me that a state of panic is not the best frame of mind to be in when deciding what supplies to take when you have become a political fugitive. I have a lip balm, nail clippers, some beef jerkey, a copy of Ricky Martin's greatest hits and a box of Jello pistachio pudding mix. I'm sure McGyver could do wonders, but I will probably have to venture over the Dairy Queen on the other side of the truck stop for sustenance. I thought I had lost them when I crossed the border into Alabama. Feeling confident, I stopped to get something to eat. When I returned from the restroom, I found an entire pussy patrol ordering combo meals. What was I thinking when I stopped at Captain D's ? I managed to escape with the cats in hot pursuit. I jumped onto the back of an 18-wheeler and shouted at them in a mocking tone, "Ha! Try to get me you bunch of pussies!" However, my arrogance soon dissipated as I saw an orange tabby hoist a rocket launcher onto his shoulder while a cool calico lined me up in the crosshairs. Fortunately, the truck just made it over the top of the hill and vanished as I saw a nearby billboard for Stuckey's erupt into flames. What do they want from me? What do they think I have? Well, I do know one thing - they'll never catch me alive. Wait! Of course, they must want- What's that sound? OH NO!

 HAPPY HALLOWEEN ! Today was a good day. I was up until 2am carving the jack-o-lantern, which sort of sounds like a solo sex device that brings enlightenment. The face was easy to carve, but the words "Trick-or-Treat" were rather difficult. The words actually shine on the wall behind the pumpkin. It looked good. I came home early to beat traffic and took a nap with Buddy. We watched a two-part episode of "Coupling" where Steve accidently sees Sally's naked bottom. Sally is the best friend of his girlfriend, Susan. This show is so funny and so bang-on (I sound so British) in its statements about men and women. I also liked Jane's truth snake... especially when it started arguing with her. Jeff dressed up like the grim reaper of death. He put some sort of glow stick attachment in his mouth and it made his mouth glow. It was very popular with the kids. They will probably try to imitate him with some radioactive waste that is just laying around the house and you can imagine the rest. Julie, Donald's girlfriend, came over and helped us count trick-or-treaters and hand out candy. Steve and Mark also came over. They ate candy and drank beer. Mark was sort of trigger-happy with the fog machine. However, he was not sitting in firing range like Julie and I were. Joan came over later and we ate chili-cheese dip and toasted pumpkin seeds. The kids were fun. We had 124 trick-or-treaters, which was down from last year's 175. Julie dressed as a witch. Mark and Steve were dressed as sailors. (I always wanted to go as a sailor. Perhaps next year....) Joan was a telecommuter in a bathrobe. I dressed comfortably and told people I was sporty spice. One kid came back to tell Jeff that he was not scared of him and told Jeff he was going to beat him down with his stick. Jeff reached out and took the stick and the kid ran off never to be seen again. About 9pm we drove over to Six Feet Under, which is a pub and fish house across from historic Oakland Cemetery. We received a table on the roof and had a great view of the cemetery and downtown. We had fun. Jeff treated everyone to dinner. It was nice. I'm listening to Whigfield these days. She is an ex-Danish model that began recording dance music with Italian producers. Her 1994 hit, "Saturday Night," went into the UK charts at #1 because of its popularity during the summer at Ibizia. It's throw-away pop music, but I like it.

 THIS HAD BETTER @#*% WORK! Okay. Perhaps the third time is the charm. I wrote a lovely entry and lost it twice. The interface on this Web site is a bit different from the previous Web site. My great aunt, Priscilla, called me this morning to tell me she loved me, was thinking of me and now has unlimited long distance. Then she hung up on me. Buddy threw up on my comforter. I washed it and she seems fine now. She's sleeping in her little cat bed that I bought for her at Target. I would hate to think that I spent $7.99 in vain. Robert and I met with Deborah today regarding investment opportunities. I'm really excited about working with her because I believe she really wants to help people get into homes that might not have the opportunity without our help. Our office went to dinner with the staff of our primary lender this evening at Stoney River. The food was good. What did I have again? Oh yeah... orange glazed sesame trout. Fish is good for the memory. Fish is good for the memory. Carol Lynn, our president, told us that the only reason her parents sent her to the University of Georgia was to find a husband. She used to write her married name over and over in class. She failed math three times and look at her now; she's a mortgage queen! I visited Julie Brown's Web site, which is urlLink www.juliebrown.com . It was fun to watch the video for "Trapped In The Body Of A White Girl." You can also give Sheena Easton a makeover. What fun!

 I LOVE "COUPLING"! Well, I love the BBC series. The British series is so funny. I don't understand why the American series is unfunny. On my way home from work, I used my Borders gift certificate that my sister, Vicki, sent me for my birthday and bought Series 2 of "Coupling." I watched the episode where Steve thought Susan's parents meant masturbation when they said whistling, but they really meant just whistling. It ranks up there with "Lesbian Spank Inferno." Work went well today. Robert and I worked on our realtor packet. We are working on making connections with realtors to refer us business. It can be very slow in the beginning. Robert and I work so differently. He is like a house fly randomly flying from task to task. I tend to finish a task and move on to the next task depending on the urgency. I think I could accomplish much more quickly on my own, but Robert is much better with the sales pitch and talking to people. Then again, I don't want to be dependent upon him. I watched a sales training tape yesterday and have been applying the principles. We complement each other well. Carol Lynn, my boss, is the only woman who has ever made me use the "F" word. She truly is fabulous! She is such a pleasure to work with and so inpsiring. She mentioned that she thought Robert and I should send out a weekly newsletter via e-mail and suggested an audio/visual e-mail that someone sent her. Perhaps my degree in Multimedia and Web design will now pay off. Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! I will now use the "~" because it tragically receives so little attention. Sigh.... I also went to the volunteer meeting for "Out On Film". It was sort of subdued. The head guy, Paul, spoke for a few minutes and then we signed up for a few shifts. I was hoping to meet some other people that are serious about film making that I could connect with and interest in turning one of my short scripts into a video or film. Perhaps it will happen in the future. The link to the Web site is urlLink http://www.outonfilm.com/ . On the plus side, I saw the Robbie Williams video for "Feel" and "Dancing Queen" from Kylie's "Impossible Princess" tour. Tonight, Jeff and I watched the very first episode of "Coupling" together. He laughed a lot and very hard. He likes Jane too. It made me happy. :)

 New Beginnings I have moved my weblog from Earthlink to Blogger because it has a little more flexibility to it. I'll post more shortly.

 GIVE ME A HAND, YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL.... It's been a busy past few days. Out On Film is over. I had a much better time on Thursday and Saturday. Jane Fonda came on Thursday, but I think she was there to see one of the regular films at the Landmark Theater. Jeff met her once and didn't realize who she was. He said she looked matronly. I think I understand what he meant. She looked good. She was dressed very nice, but like a woman near sixty. She definitely left the Barbarella look at home. The concert to save the fountains was on Friday. It was a big success. I had to change clothes, which I was not happy about. It was also cold. However, I did have the opportunity to talk with my neighbor who was also volunteering. One of the DJ's from the local public radio stations was there. I forgot his name, but recognized his voice. He looked like he was my age. I always thought he was old and bald. Jeff's best friend is Jeff Hutchinson from Canada. Jeff's father died Friday night. He had been sick with cancer for a year, but took an unexpected downward turn. Jeff made a reservation to fly to Detroit and take the airbus to London, Ontario. Meanwhile, I had to clean house before my final volunteer shift at the film festival. Jeff was also making dinner for his pastor and a few people from the neighborhood. We were running late on dinner, but the green apple martinis seemed to distract the guests. I walked to CVS to get some ice. There is always a wait at CVS, but somehow everyone seemed to worry about me as if I had staggered off and was asleep in a dumpster. It seemed to go well. I got up with every intention of going to church on Sunday, but there was so much to do before Jeff left. I wrote a note to Jeff H. and took Jeff to the airport. I went to check on Joan's cats and went by the grocery store to buy a small salad and pizza. I folded laundry and watched another "Will & Grace" DVD. That show is so funny! I woke up last night expecting to see Jeff, but only found Buddy's fuzzy butt staring me in my face. Tonight on VH1 Classic I saw the video for Shakespear's Sister's "Heroine." I almost squealed with delight. I also caught the video for the Runaways' "Saturday Night Special." The Runaways never seem to get the credit they are due. I also received "The Hit Factory - The Best Of Stock Aitken Waterman" CD from the UK. This is the CD that I have been trying to get a copy of for the past 17 years. I've been listening to it over and over again. I'm also afraid that I have been intrigued with the new Britney Spears CD because of the duet with Madonna. I will try and resist. Work has been going well. One of the big realtors we have been trying to meet with has called and asked us to refinance one of his houses. We're still pinching ourselves and wanting to do a fantastic job. Last week, we had one loan in the pipeline that was about to close and a lot of leads on the fence. Now we have five more loans in the pipeline with a lotmore leads. My visualization work is paying off. I'd better get to bed. I have a meeting tomorrow morning.

 OUT ON FILM Today started out well, but I'm feeling a bit under the weather. I arrived home about nine and waited to call Jeff after ten. I fell asleep and woke up feeling very discombotulated. Hyacinith was planning her indoor outdoor barbecue with finger buffet. We chatted for twenty minutes or so. I have tried going back to sleep, but now I'm awake. Sigh.... Unfortunately, I don't feel like doing much. I turned on VH1 Classic and caught the Pet Shop Boys' "West End Girls" video. This was followed by Aerosmith and Bon Jovi, which seems typical when I turn VH1 Classic on. However, then they played Madness, the Communards, the The and finally the Lightning Seeds. What a pleasant surprise! Today was a so-so day at work. It didn't seem like I accomplished much. I did buy stamps though. I went to volunteer at Out On Film. I didn't really do much. They just kept telling me to stand there. After two hours, I finally asked if they really needed me. They had the deer in headlights look. I came home. I hope there is more for me to do tomorrow. There were interesting people there though. Well, I think I'll try to go to sleep again. Sweet dreams!

 IT WAS A QUIET EVENING IN INSTANBUL Well, once again Blogger suddenly crashed and lost my entire post. It could have been beautiful! Today was a pretty good day. Prospects are coming in. I'm not sure how I'm going to work my finances this holiday season, but I know it will work itself out if I just affirm that it will be okay. Worry just blocks our good from reaching us. Jeff was off today and trimmed shrubs. He had his "Mr. Cranky" persona on this evening. He's such a great guy, but if you listen to him, he focuses on a lot of negative stuff. The porch needs pressure washing. His car needs to be washed. He didn't pay bills tonight. He should have got more done. I wish he would lighten up a bit and live in the moment more often. I ran around the park this evening. I took Kylie with me once again. On a whim, last week I ran with Donna Summer's "On The Radio - Greatest Hits Vol. I & II." My sister received that double album for Christmas 1979. We would come home from school and put her records on my mother's big-ass Curtis Mathis entertainment center. We would bake Mrs. Goodcookies as the stereo caused the walls to thunder and the ground to rumble. My mother walked in from work one evening and thought we were having an earthquake. Ah... memories. I went to Office Depot today and found myself loitering around the PDA's. I know it would make sense to buy one for work, but I'm trying to avoid the expense at this time. I also want a business card reader now that I'm a networking fool. I'm supposed to volunteer at Out On Film tomorrow evening. I wish I knew what time and where to meet. I wonder if I have to dress in any particular way? I'm not particularly impressed at the moment. I successfully wrote a writing exercise from Julia Cameron's "The Right To Write." It was the one that I became stuck at over eight months ago. Go figure! I went to the official Pet Shop Boys Web site. I was checking on their new greatest hits compilation entitled "Pop Art." They have a section where fans can ask questions and Neil and Chris answer. For example, Immanuel from Mexico City writes the following in question 322: "Hola, from huge Mexico City (where you know we miss you A LOT) I have this thing on my mind that does not allow me to enjoy my supposedly quiet weekend. Last week I attended this great performance of Superchumbo in Mexico for a French gorgeous boy invited me. We had a great night, we danced almost together, he took some pictures of the two of us and whenever we got close to say something we touched each other backs delicately. He’s always been very nice to me and felt comfortable with his companionship. I took him home and when we said goodbye I asked him if he was gay ( I know, stupid thing)… He said ‘no’ but his explanation took more than sixty minutes. He concluded he was ‘gay friendly’ and enjoyed sharing more time with gay people…cultural shock or not, caprice or not, this made me feel more attracted to him. I honestly think he goes beyond being open. I was close to say he liked me as well, for his signs told me so… however… I only want to kiss him. Do you think I should approach or it could mean I might lose his friendship? Oh my, Europeans are far too complicated for more complicated Latinos." Neil typed a smart reply, "I guess it's a gamble." I actually grabbed an old comforter and my favorite pillow and laid on the futon with Buddy and read for half an hour. It was great. I'm reading a book about Sydney, Australia, which is my favorite place on earth. I don't know why I feel so passionately about that Sydney. It's not like I feel that I lived there in a past life.

 I HAVE NEVER EATEN DOG FOOD And I'm okay with that. This evening, I found myself in the grocery store, Publix, with a handful of lettuce, brocolli and asparagus walking down the pet supply aisle. It occured to me that if I faced impending death, what regrets would I have about unfinished business. I never ate dog food as a child. I'm still okay with it. PowerBreakfast this morning was great. I woke up at 6:00 AM to be there by 7:00 AM. I went through four round tables and gave my InfoMinute about my company and our services. Now I have to follow up with the people I met. I am a very shy person, but networking is turning out to be a lot of fun. I worked on my own today and I really enjoyed it. I found I got a lot more done. Robert threw his back out. Perhaps he is not feeling supported by the universe. I worked from home this afternoon and it's amazing how much time goes by when you're building up your own business. I just had to make a list of the things I need to do tomorrow morning. I'm getting so caught up in everything that I forgot to do a few things I had scheduled to do this afternoon. I went to run tonight at the gym. There was a sign stating there was no hot water after 5:30 PM. I thought, "What is it with my luck today?" I ran for thirty minutes on the treadmill at various speeds. (I'm always trying my best to keep my metabolism confused.) Kylie set the pace. Afterwards, I discovered that there was hot water and took a shower. It felt good to be clean. I always ran into a former UNICARE employee, Danny. Jeff grilled steaks and I steamed brocolli. I paid bills. I ordered new checks. I chose a dolphin motif. I also discovered that my left wrist is fatter than my right wrist. Go figure!

 WHERE, OH WHERE, HAS THE WEEKEND GONE? Wow! I got up today and read the paper. I picked up my friend, Jason, and went to church. Of course, Reverend John was not there. Our guest speaker, Master Chen, spoke about the similarities between Christiananity and the Tao, which is pronounced "dao." Afterwards, Jason questioned the significance of Wall Street to Christiananity in general. Sigh.... I rushed home and Robert and I went out to visit realtors in open houses. We had a very nice time and met some great realtors. Robert made a dramatic announcement in the car that we are not following up on leads as we should. Duh! I've been talking about this for several weeks. At least we're on the same page now. I ironed while watching "The Simpsons" tonight. It is the longest running show on television. Homer went to the gay part of Springfield and lived with two guys. It was very funny. Well, I must go now. I have to rise at six for a networking breakfast. Check out the new links for Obscene Interiors and Star Wars: Designers Edition.

 YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY I'VE GOT PORK IN MY TUMMY Last night we went to dinner with Bart & Tim at the Heaping Bowl in East Atlanta. I have further explored my fascination with chicken salad. Prior to dinner, we took a "sticky b" through Traders and I enjoyed one of my favorite retail past times... smelling handmade soaps. How do you make a soap smell like sex? I didn't chance it. I skipped it and went on to pink lemonade. I enjoyed the "Joy" candle as well. I never knew what joy smelled like. Unfortunately, they were out of the "Teen Spirit" candle. I would have liked to have smelled that one. Today I woke up early. I did things around the house. I had lunch with David. I went to CompUSA to return the fire wire card that I did not actually need. I came home and cleaned the bathrooms, vacuumed, swept, did laundry, etc. I sat down to read on the couch with my favorite pillow, and old comforter and Buddy, the wonder cat. It was nice. I had candles lit and one of the many Buddha Bar CD's on. Jeff went antiquing today and met Jay Baker, Jim & Tammy's son. He has body piercings and tatoos and has a ministry in Little Five Points. Jeff has always been very interested in him and I bought him Jay's book to take on his missionary trip to Honduras. Jeff may go check out his ministry. We went and had barbecue near the airport. It was very tasty. Jeff's best friend, also Jeff, is in London, Ontario with his dad. Mr. H is in the hospital trying to gain his strength back to renew chemotherapy. Keep him in your prayers. I had a dream once where an angel came to me and said that worry was like growing thick vines and weeds around us and prevents God's angels bringing our good to us. He said that faith affirmation clear the way to God's light. I hope that's true. I remember that every time I start to worry.

 MATRIX RESOLUTIONS Well, Jeff and I went with Reid to see "Matrix Revolutions tonight. We had a great time. It's always good to catch up with Reid because he lives in Fayetteville. You have to drive through 14 billion stop lights to get to Fayetteville. Reid loves the Matrix. They actually filmed one of the scenes in a park in Sydney near Circular Quay. Reid, Jeff and I were there almost two years ago to this day. It made me miss my beloved Australia. I want to live in Sydney so badly. Sigh.... We also spent some time wondering what our fourth traveller, Laura, is doing now. The movie was very good too. I got stuck in traffic so I met Jeff and Reid at Phipps Plaza. I bought the tickets and browsed through a book about Bond Girls. One day I want to write a song entitled "Bond Girl Burial Ground." (My world, welcome to it!) When they showed up, we went upstairs to eat. I had a salad, a slice of stuffed pizza and a frosty Dr. Pepper, which was created in Waco, Texas where I grew up. It was so-so. Then I bought an ice cream sandwich made with Nestle Toll House cookies. It was better in theory. It didn't taste bad, but after I was through, it wasn't really worth the fat grams and carbs. I also realized this evening that I bought Reid a birthday card and I have no idea what I did with it. I'll have to dowse in the house for it later this weekend. By the way, Reid is looking for an IT job. If you have any leads for him, let me know. This morning, Robert, Deborah and I went to the Georgia Real Estate Investors Association (GA REIA) Business Associate Orientation. It was interesting. We went to lunch and had so-so fish. It rained a lot today... especially on me. It was an interesting day work wise. That's all I'll say for now. Well, I'd better turn in. I've been gone all day and it's late. If you could be any ice cream treat, what would you be and why? I think I would be a chocolate-vaniall swirl Skinny Cow because I'm an interesting mix of opposing forces.

 WHAT DAY IS IT? Boy, this week seems to have gone by in a blur. In fact, I don't even recollect the weekend. Last night, Jeff and I went to vote at the high school around the corner from the house. We only voted for one position. I was voter #150, which sounds like a German espionage thriller. Da-dah-dum!!! Afterwards, we drove down to Morrow and visited Party City, Target and Wal-mart for Halloween stuff on clearance. Party City doesn't put any Halloween stuff on clearance. They probably send it back to their warehouse for next year. I bought a Halloween Jell-o Jiggler at Target. Next year, I'm going to make Jell-o shots. We ate at Gecko Grill, which was okay. I had trouble sleeping last night. I'm not sure why. Today, I went with Jeff to have dinner at St. Paul's Methodist, which is where they filmed some of the scenes from "The Fighting Temptations." It was a lot of food. Afterwards I sat in on his class that he was teaching. He was a little down that the TV was too old to plug the DVD player into. He was going to show a scene from "Finding Nemo" that corresponding to what he was teaching regarding Christians and money. Afterwards, I came home and typed up the "Gospel Truth" scene from "Good Evening" by Peter Cook and Dudley Moore that Joan and I are going to perform for the Christmas show at church. I'm really excited. I think we'll have fun. I sent her the script. She could use a laught right now. Fred, her cat, is not feeling well. My friend, Jason, came by to borrow my Robbie Williams CD's. Afterwards, Jeff showed me the slides from his fishing trip. I won "The Hit Factory - The Best Of Stock Aitken Waterman" CD off of eBay. I have volumes two through four. I have been looking for this CD for about 16 years. I am so excited because it has some songs I've never had before. It also reminds me of Kent, my best friend who was killed a few years ago. Gee whiz, I have a lot to do. I'd better get to bed. I'm sending everyone good vibrations!

 In PRAISE OF INTEREST ONLY LOANS I had a busy weekend. Halloween was Friday night. Jeff got early and went to Target to buy Halloween decorations on clearance on Saturday, but there really wasn't much. I bought a ghost oven mitt that I will incorporate into next year's ghost story. I have decided he will be my assistant, Boo. I went to church to decorate. I left and got stuck in traffic and was late to my hair cut appointment. It sort of freaked me out. I hate being late to appointments because then you put everyone else behind yourself behind. Luckily, Randy got back on track. I came home afterwards and didn't feel real well. I tried to take a nap, but couldn't really fall asleep. I did laundry. I watched an episode of "Coupling." Jeff and I went to Mark's for movie night. We had some pad thai with a Sprite and I felt a bit better. We watched "Sordid Lives." It was interesting because it truly captured most of my extended family. It's a Texas tragedy about a woman who was having an affair with her daughter's best friend's husband. She trips on his wooden legs on the way to the bathroom of the motel room and kills herself when her head hits the sink. Meanwhile, her sister, Sissy, is trying to quit smoking. The son is locked up in a mental institution because he thinks he is Tammy Wynette. Olivia Newton-John plays a lesbian country 'n' western singer. It was good fun. I stayed home from church on Sunday. I still wasn't feeling well. I cleaned the house and we prepared for movie night. It was hard to get into it. We really didn't have a movie to watch. Jeff showed "Hear My Song," which I really didn't care much for the first time I saw it. Dinner was good though. The night was over and I felt like I didn't really do much this weekend that I wanted to do. One day I will write. Today I worked from home. I was waiting for Robert to show up. I organized our realtor strategy and read up on programs from our primary lender. I got a lot done. I finally understand why an interest only Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) makes more sense than a fixed rate loan. The jist of it is basically because if you pay any amount over the interest only payment on the ARM, you lower your principle balanced owed. Therefore, your interest only payment decreases each time. Using the example of a $100,000 loan at 5.75% fixed for 30 years, after five years you have paid $27,776 in interest, $7,237 in principle and have a remaining balance of $92,762. This because the fixed rate loan is amortized over 30 years and the first ten years 85% of what you pay goes toward interest. However, if you choose an interest only ARM that is fixed at 4.875% for the first five years and pay the same payment as the 30-year fixed loan at 5.75%, you have paid only $22,635 in interest, $12,020 in principle and your remaining principle owed is only $87,979. That is a difference of almost $5,000. Plus, you only have to make an interest only payment. If you have car trouble, you can pay interest only and use the money you would have paid toward prinicple to pay for the repairs. Robert never showed up at my house to work today. I couldn't reach him on his cell phone. I think he must be having a hard time with the divorce. He went to see April, his ex-wife, this past weekend. Instead of getting upset, I got quiet and meditated on the matter. I have decided that it's time that I take more control of our team for the time being. Tomorrow, we will fowollow up with our realtor friends and try to get some new loans. I received the new Sophie Ellis-Bextor CD today. It's great. It reminds me of old Human League. This evening, I did power yoga upstairs. It's challenging at times. I like to do yoga at dusk. You suddenly realize you are completely in the dark except for the light of the television. The darkenss just seems to swallow up the room and the parts of your body that are not necessary at the moment. You focus on the part of your body that you are stretching and strengthening. You notice how perfectly shaped it is. You become aware of the fact that the pose is not important, only maintaining your breathing and peace of mind is important. The last pose is the corpse, where you just lay there, breathe and let your mind relax. I always wake up and crave a cigarette.

 I HAVE TO THANK RUBY WAX! Having said that, I'll move on. I finally met with my client today and got his paperwork started. I delivered the neighborhood calendars all over the place. I got a hair cut. I've written Christmas cards. I ironed. There are presents to be wrapped. I'm feeling like I just want to come home tomorrow and goof off. I did receive a lead today. Hopefully, I will be able to help this lady. I'm going to read a bit and then go to bed.

 HEIGHT? I AM ACTUAL SIZE. Okay! I registered on a Web site a while back that has changed from a various features resource to an on-line match making service. Therefore, I receive e-mails frome time to time with my closest matches. I find this interesting since my relationship status is checked "committed relationship." None the less, I find myself oddly drawn to reading the profiles of the various bachelors who come through my In Box. I've always been interested in other people. There are no nude pictures and the informations is most certainly tame. However, I enjoy finding the inconsistencies of how these individuals describe themselves and their goals in words. For example, if looks are of low importance, why would you state that you're only interested in meeting attractive, athletic guys with big muscles? Some of the answers are chosen from a drop-down menu. I'm partial to "only on religious holidays" and "not a pet person." I guess that I should go to the Web site and unsubscribe or whatever I need to do, but that just seems like more effort than I want to exert. Well the desktop computer is set to go to the shop any day now. I'm not sure what happened, but my PC did not like the new optical mouse that I plugged in and now I can't even boot up in Safe Mode. Go figure! I've been using the laptop, but my Internet connection has been giving me problems. I haven't been able to sign on for several days in a row. I haven't always had a moment to call in and work with tech support for an hour to resolve the problem each time either. Therefore, this would explain why I have not blogged much lately. Jeff and I have also been very busy with our commitments. Our December calendar looks much like a waffle covered in syrup. There are always two or three squares that are empty and maple-free. These are our free days. Sigh.... We chose the Christmas tree on Friday. I finally caught on to the secret this year. We wander through the fir tree forest in the farmer's market. Jeff will ask, "What do you think of this one?" I reply, "It looks good!" He will walk around the tree, examining it with the careful eye of a NASA space shuttle scientist and then move on to another tree. Eventually, he will connect with one tree on a level he has never experienced with any other tree before and the sale is complete. This year's tantebaum pimp was rather banal compared to the dwarf with the African-American wife from last year. They were just really nice, helpful and full of personality. We laughed and laughed. I miss them. Saturday, we got up. I cleaned the house while Jeff decorated the outside of the house. We went and sold calendars at the Artist Market during the Candlelight Tour of Homes. Afterwards, we went to a Christmas party at Paul's condo. I had four martinis and was enjoying my Santa hat! If my memory serves me correct, the cheese dip was quite remarkable. Sunday, Jeff's parents picked me up and we went to the Can-ta-duh (cantada)! Jeff sang very well. We were proud of him. Afterwards, we had friend chicken from Mrs. Wiener's. (You never see the Queen eating fried chicken. Why is that?) I went to visit realtors. Jeff and his mom decorated the Christmas tree while dad supervised from the sofa. When I returned, Jeff and I went to a Christmas party at his interior decorator's house. (This is a sentence I never thought I would write in my life time.) I sold calendars again while Jeff went on the home tour with our friend, Tim. After selling calendars in sub-zero temperatures, Jeff and Tim returned. We went to the Earl for the best hamburger in Atlanta. Jeff tried to lure me down the stony path with onion rings, but I resisted. Today, we went to work... separately. Jeff went to his small business administration class. He's so excited about his book store. I finished most of my Christmas shopping and purchased my ticket for my flight home for the holidays. Now I will address Christmas cards. Until next time, do whatever it is that you do between times.

 MAYBE THE MOON I apologize for the delay in posting another entry. The old mouse got persnickety and Jeff was complaining about it. I bought a new mouse and it worked fine until I tried to reboot the next day. I moved the laptop into "my office." I finally got the DSL up and running. It was just crazy trying to do all of this while preparing to go home to Texas for the holidays. Work is going well. Every day Robert and I move a little closer to our goals. The seminar on "Scripting For Success" at PowerCore was very helpful. I'm learning how to give my InfoMinute. We meet with the man with the nine properties tomorrow. My fingers are crossed that he will finally move ahead with it. We currently have four loans in the pipeline, but this would be great at Christmas time. It seems like I haven't been to church in forever and I sort of feel spiritually constipated. I need to get back on track. I still feel like God is trying to get me to write that book, but then I suffer from creative constipation. Don't say I'm full of it! The trip home was nice. Joan and I made good time, but hit some traffic in East Texas. We called and teased her nephew, Eric, while he was at work. I asked him if he and his boyfriend had named each other's unmentionables yet. He said they had not yet had the pleasure of doing so. I told him that was good because it was a year two thing. Joan and I swung by Holli's house and I met her partner, Keva. She's very nice. She is in the process of becoming a life coach. We got into a conversation that we could have continued for hours. We definitely had an intellectual/spiritual connection. Joan had always said that we probably would. I hate it when she's right. (Go gloat woman!) I had a good time with the family unit. Thanksgiving was uneventful. Dad drove us to my grandmother's house with the urgency of a race car on a highway full of nails. You really need a velcro butt to ride with my father. I'm not sure how he does it. I don't think I could recreate it if I tried. My grandmother is very short and her house is built to accomodate her. I went to get a roll for my niece and hit my head on the vent hood of her stove. There was an audible BOING and I began to ooze blood. Ironically, my niece could not eat the roll because she thought I was going to die. Later that night, we watched "Finding Nemo." My father seemed to enjoy it in spite of the fact that Ellen Degenerate was in it. (Actually, I guess she still is in it.) This was followed by "Moulin Rouge." This was not as popular. My father got up to look at guns on eBay. We were two-thirds through the movie when my mother asked if it was a musical. Sigh.... so much for sharing. I was supposed to go to Blaises's house that night, but I just felt too tired. In fact, I didn't see any of my friends this trip. For some reason, I just wanted to spend time with my family. Friday, we drove to Dallas and went to CD Source, which is the best used CD store in the whole world... with the exception of Amoeba Music in San Francisco. It was like Christmas and I picked up a few albums and singles at great prices. Some of the artists I picked up were: Happy Mondays; Laura Branigan; Lightning Seeds; Cliff Richard; Sigue Sigue Sputnik; and Army of Lovers. Yes, I know it's a strange mix. We then took a break for lunch at PF Chang's at North Park Mall. My mother loved lettuce wraps, albeit was very troubled that we should both order the same entree at a family-style restaurant. Fortunately, she went for the almond cashew chicken regardless of mesmerizing powers of our server. My father seemed to like his food. He no longer made mention of eating dog once the food arrived. He seemed satisfied. This was followed by a trip to Half Price Books. This is the flagship store, which is as big as Sam's Club. It has the Black Forrest Cafe, a massage therapist, reading rooms, books, videos, records, tapes, CD's, DVD's and other stuff. Most importantly, it had a restroom since I was at the mercy of several glasses of mango-peach tea. My father found the gun magazines and books. My mother found a book on girl scout ceremonies. Randi bought a book about the Beatles. I found a book about Microsoft XP, which I hope will lead to a solution with the desktop. I also found several books that I have been meaning to buy at a fraction of the price. I'm really excited to read "Auntie Mame" and "Glamourpuss," which makes several references to Bananarama. I also found "Origins of Marvel Super Heroes," which I had wanted as a child, but balked at the $6.95 cover price. I happily bought it for $2.00. Afterwards, we stopped at Target so Randi could buy a small metallic Christmas tree for her desk at work. I bought the Brian Setzer Orchestra Swinging Christmas CD. We went to BigLots! for the finale. My dad bought two power drills that came with two batteries each. We went to lunch with my sister, brother-in-law and niece on Saturday and visited their home. My sister has an eye for decorating. Mom and I played with my niece. That girl loves jewelry! Randi was going to a concert in Dallas that night and invited me along. Although I was interested in meeting her friends, I was afraid she would be out too late since I was leaving to go home at 6am the next day. Eariler that day, I had gone down to my dad's shop to find out what stuff I had down there. I found a bunch of board games, which I brought back with me along with old posters. There was even some stuff that I have inherited from various roommates along the way because I don't recognize it. I found old pictures of my friends and me. There were a few pics of Kent. I smiled and missed him. I also found a postcard that he sent me on Spring Break 1986 when the school band went to Ireland. I brought it home with me. I was amazed at how I used to look like such a baby when I was twenty-five. The road back went well. Andi, Joan's best friend, rode back with us. We listened to a lot of Heart, Fleetwood Mac and Stevie Nicks. I slept some. We had lunch at Cracker Barrel. We made good time until Alabama and then we hit monstrous traffic. I got in and went straight to bed. Yesterday, I worked from home and tried to reorient myself. It was a strange day. I thought I had lost my cell phone and wallet. I finally found them on the mantle of the fireplace. I was supposed to go to my writer's group meeting. I guess since I have not been in many months, I should reconsider this. I really wanted to go, but I haven't written anything new and I just wanted to stay home and read. I'm reading Armistead Maupin's "Maybe The Moon." It's about a little person and her life in Hollywood. It's very funny and inspiring. I love her fierce spirit. You can read more about the book here: urlLink http://www.literarybent.com/mtm_01.html.

 BOINK.COM HAS BEEN TAKEN FROM ME! It's sad, but true. I checked Dotster.com and discovered that www.boink.com has already been taken. I cannot purchase this domain name, however, I can purchase www.boink.biz or www.boink.tv, which are both intriguing in themselves. I know that the word "boink" is a silly yet cute way to say sexual intercourse, but I like to say it. It's fun to say. Boink! Boink! Boink! It just makes me feel better. 2F's and I went to dinner with Reid tonight. It was good to catch up. He's changed jobs and met an interesting young lady. He's going to keep us posted. He was filling us in on how he met said young lady and mentioned it being a coincidence. "Reid, there are no coincidences," I said. To my surprise, he agreed. As I mentioned previously, all my blogging has really stirred up my creative juices. My mind is maelstrom of creative thought. For example, the first line of a story or book is one of the most important. It's what hooks the reader in continuing further. Here's one that I came up with: It was not every day that you met a debutaunte at the rifle range, and perhaps this is what drew Ted to Jill. Some men chose not to look beneath the tafetta and the powder burns, but Ted saw a fragile vulnerability comingled with a firey independence that really cocked his pistol. Mmm... I'll keep working on it. It was a slow day at the cattle ranch. We have had about seven leads this month. Each month is more productive and lucrative. It gave me time to work on a few things I had been putting off. Joan sounds much better. She's registered with several temp agencies. The Georgia Equality Act called upon the GLBT community to show up in force at the state capitol due to the Georgia Marital Constitutional Amendment. There was some concern that the numbers would be smaller since you have to dress coat and tie to enter the state capitol during the legistlative session, but the crowds showed up in designer force. God said, "Let them be fabulous and they were and it was good." 2F's and I were discussing Log Cabin Republicans this evening, which is interesting since they are GLBT people supporting a political party that seems to be so anti-gay. It's like being a vegetarean coyote.

 COME HITHER, KNAVE! I apologize for not blogging more this week. It has been a very unusual week. In addition to Joan losing her job, a guy I sang with in a community choir went into a coma and died. Meanwhile, someone I knew from 2F’s church died from brain cancer. He had rectal cancer previously and I remember the first time I met him, the first thing he said to me was, “Hi. I don’t have an asshole.” It certainly leaves an indelible impression on someone. Anyway, I know he’s no longer in pain. Ironically, his brother died two days before he did. It was just a weird week. In other news, 2F’s and I drove up to Dawsonville, Georgia in the Miata. We listened to No Doubt (brilliant cover), Fischerspooner and Sophie Ellis-Bextor on the way up to the premium outlets. I actually caught 2F’s humming a Ellis-Bextor ditty in one of the shops. We arrive fairly early and hit the stores. For those of you who don’t know what an outlet mall is, it is a place where stores sell overstock, damaged or irregular merchandise or last year’s fashions. It’s become very popular because now they build these huge super malls with nothing but outlet stuff. It’s amazing. My favorite stores are Timberland, Polo and Banana Republic. I bought an import Rick Astley CD single for two bucks, a wool sweater for 17 dollars, two pairs of chinos, a cardigan and another pullover at Banana Republic for ten bucks. We had a great time shopping. I set all the kitchen timers in the housewares store and then walked out. I’m sure they loved me five minutes later when they all went off at the same time. 2F’s and I joked around a lot and laughed. He bought some stuff too. In fact, he was the whole reason we went. Oddly enough, we got everything into the Miata’s trunk, which is about two inches by two inches by two inches. We arrived home just in time to freshen up and go to Mr. H’s 40th semi-surprise birthday party. 2F’s was afraid that he would miss the stripper. I have to remember that this is all new for him… at 45. We arrived and the house was full of people. There was a time line of Mr. H around the dining room. I learned that Mr. H was an only child and embraces the naturist lifestyle with a passion. I was a bit chagrined to find a pic of Mr. H, myself and a few other guys I don’t remember in a hot tub together. I had a flat top at the time and had a broad smile plastered across my face. Therefore, my eyes looked really squinty. 2F’s took a great interest in who all the guys were in the hot tub with me. I replied in a matter-of-fact tone that it was all before him and he had nothing to be concerned about. I’ll have to remember to use that again because it worked. It was true, but it may come in handy again some day. Suddenly, we heard Amii Stewart singing Knock On Wood and there was some commotion in the kitchen. We moved to the edge of the dining room and saw the stripper dancing about Mr. H in a kitchen chair. I was a bit concerned because I had been told in the strictest confidence several days earlier that he would be performing to the extended version of Physical by Olivia Newton-John. Oh well, the show must go on. I wouldn’t necessarily have called it stripping. It was more like the stripper was jumping about a bit and then suddenly he tore his clothes off. There was no tease or working the crowd. It was more like, “Hello, these are my reproductive bits. Let me jiggle them about in your face for a sec.” Of course, the greatest fear for any stripper did occur during his presentation. His G-string got caught on his construction boots as he was taking them off. This just focused attention on the fact that he was wearing a bright teal G-string with camel construction boots. I just don’t think it worked personally, but it was not my night to judge. If I had my druthers about it, I would have dressed him in a smart matching ensemble with matching hot pants, vest and booties like in Bananarama’s Love In The First Degree video. If pressed, I could have edged the outfit with some contrasting piping, but that is as far as I’m willing to go. Anyway, everything was off and Julian, that was the stripper’s name, just sort of gyrated his hips around while Mr. H grabbed his ass. The question of whether or not Julian shaved his anus was quickly put to rest as I made a mental note not to shake Mr. H’s hand for the rest of the evening. The stripper hugged everybody on his way out. He was very loving. I like that in a stripper. I believe he was also from Chekoslavakia. When I had my nervous breakdown many years ago, I was given You Can Heal Your Life by Louise L. Hay to read. Louise is religious science minister who teaches that our thoughts create our experiences in our lives. If you affirm that bad things are going to happen, they will and vice versa. She also believes that dis-ease manifests in different places in the body as a result of various emotional issues that we have. She believes that we should focus on our body and affirm it is working in divine order. I was given her Heal Your Body book some time later and each page is devoted to a different part of the body. There is a brief run down on the various causes of the different ailments associated with it. I stuck with it for a while, but I just couldn't look myself in the eye in the bathroom mirror and say, "I love my anus." I mean I do, but I don't want to talk to it. You know what I mean? I had no idea that today's blog would be so anal. Please forgive me. At the party, we met Alan. He was born in Scotland, moved to England and seems to have worked all over the world. He works in advertising and just received a puppy. Throughout the evening, he grabbed my ass a few times, told me I was hot and kissed me on the lips as I left. I’m usually pretty debt at avoiding social kissing because it just comes across to me like a bunch of straight men staging a community version of Clare Booth Luce’s The Women . Alan just grabbed my head on both sides and planted one on my lips as if he were going to bonk me in the head with his own. Fortunately, it was a dry kiss. We may run into him again. We also enjoyed talking with Steve. He was just as interesting, but it’s been to long to remember details now. I ran into Tim from my writers group. Eric, the “straight model,” was the bartender for the evening. He was very nice and did a great job. He has the most adorable smile and personality. He also has a body to die for and has been a fantastic motivation for my diet this week. When we left, he was being fondled in the kitchen by the birthday boy and his partner. All in all, I walked away feeling very good. 2F’s and I must have been told we were really hot about four or five times… by different people even. Of course, we are hot guys, but you just don’t have people telling you that so much in one day. That also reminds me. 2F’s kept noticing that guys were cruising me at the outlet mall. I never notice. When we arrived home, the festivities seemed to have had an effect on 2F’s. Pan to a crackling fire in the fireplace. The music swells as the image dissolves into fireworks exploding, etc., etc. The next day, 2F's commented that he was surprised that he did not feel more uncomfortable with a stripper at the party. I suggested that since it was all gay men, it probably didn't feel as uncomfortable than if it had been a mixed crowd. He thought that might have something to do with it. I also mentioned that he sure was anxious to go refill my drink all the time and see Eric up close. 2F's just smiled and I laughed. I love that guy! Sunday was spent taking care of my list of outstanding projects around the house. I was in a cleaning frenzy. I have a list of all the stuff that has to be done so that I can have more time to write. After the funeral, Tim (non-writing one), 2F’s and I went to Mick’s for dinner. I had meatloaf and ordered apple pie for dessert. This is unusual because I don’t really like apple pie all that much, but I sometimes crave it. The last time was in Alice Springs in the Outback. Tim and I were going on low carb diets on Monday so this was our farewell meal. It was good. Our waiter was funny. I thought he talked in a gay way, but 2F’s and Tim said it was a classic genteel accent that men from wealthy families used to speak with. It was nice to listen to, but I still thought it sounded gay. The waiter asked me if I wanted more water and I told him, “No, I’m moist enough.” He almost spilled the whole pitcher on 2F’s. I have to watch what I say because I know what I meant, but it comes out all wrong. We had ice on the highways on Monday so the whole state shut down. Fortunately, I was able to work from home. After quitting time, I was back onto my projects. I read a little bit of Sex Toys Of The Gods by Christian McLaughlin. It’s pretty entertaining and has even more Bananarama and Shakespear’s Sister references than Glamourpuss . I was tired Tuesday so I just came home and read and fell asleep. Wednesday I was on the phone with Earthlink most of the evening and they are finally sending me a new modem. “Oh rapture!” Then I fell asleep petting the cat. Tonight I went to our Gotta Sell Party. It was at a 5 million dollar mansion in Vinings. Several mortgage brokers sponsored a party for real estate agents to come speak about the homes that they have got to sell and that are not moving. It was interesting. The gay realtor next to me kept looking at me. After this past weekend, I thought to myself, “What’s up with this? Do I have on my ‘Come Hither’ cologne?” There was a strange little lady there who was very monochromatic in her clothes, shoes, make up, hair and glasses. I am pretty sure her pubic hair was dyed the same color as well. I drove one of the other guys from the office back to his car and I mentioned my partner. He was sort of weird for a second so I guess he didn’t know I was gay. He’ll get over it. The weblog book says that as you continue to write on your blog, you begin to find your voice and have to express yourself or you’ll feel you’ll explode if you don’t. My mind is going all the time now with story ideas and things that I want to share. Saturday morning I woke up with a poem in my head. I rushed down stairs to write it down before I forgot it. I’m going to work on my personal Web site and post some of my poetry, short stories and screen plays. It had been a long time since I wrote a poem. I used to write them daily. I’ll wrap up for now, but I want to direct your attention to Not Enough Drew In The World on the left side. Drew worked a play this weekend and he posted some of his work on his blog. I was very impressed. It is very clever and witty and really nails home his point on the differences between social classes. Please read it and send him some feedback. I know he’d appreciate it.

 I THOUGHT I SAW A PIRATE'S FACE It was a jam-packed weekend and went by far too quickly. Joan is still reeling from her termination. She said that she was working on her resume tonight. This morning I looked out of the upstairs bathroom mirror and could have sworn I saw a pirate's face, but it was just a pattern of chipped paint on Phil's house next door. The pirate looked modern, except with a patch over his eye. Buddy went to sleep on the stairs and occasionally looked out the window. She's never done that before. 2F's and I went shopping Saturday during the day and we went to a surprise birthday party that night. The stripper was interesting. I'll write more later. I'm so tired that I'm falling asleep.

 CHEEBURGER, CHEEBURGER What a difference a day makes. Robert arrived early and we went to visit the realtor's office. We took bagels and coffee and they were very well received. We had a bit of time to get to know the realtors in the office on a personal level. We received good feedback about our previous work and walked away with three leads. After reaching the office, I received a phone call from another loan officer whom we will take over for from another realtor. He had a deal that he could not do. Unfortunately, we were unable to help the customer. Then we received another lead from one of the realtors that morning. Two of our limbo loans came through today. I blinked my eyes and they came up cherries in a slot machine. What a difference a day makes. Joan was terminated from her position today. She called me from her car. She was crying and I felt horrible for her. However, I couldn't help wonder if this was just the Universe giving her a push to move on to something else that she would enjoy. I called my friend, Tim. A friend of his that we had sung with in a community choir was in a drug-induced coma to prevent blood clots in his brain from expanding. Robert, Dan and I had lunch at Cheeburger, Cheeburger. I had a cheeburger, frings and a chocolate Dr. Pepper. It was a naughty indulgence, but alas, it not be allowed next week. When I arrived home, Joan had left a message. Tim arrived and announced that Rodney has passed away. Tim arrived home to discover that his roommate was moving out. It would have been nice if he had mentioned it to Tim. I talked with Joan again. She's feeling very badly and blaming herself. We talked about some things and I told her she may just need to vent tonight so that she'll feel somewhat better tomorrow. I told her to look over her resume tomorrow and go buy a business suit to interview in. Sandra called. She wanted to make sure that I heard about Joan and we discussed Joan's former evil supervisor. It's interesting to look back to remember how I had trained this person at one time. Sandra shared with me that she received some news about a family member that she has to deal with on the same day that this happened with Joan. It was all very overwhelming. We discussed how we might be able to help Joan get through this time. If you could say a small prayer for everyone I mentioned, it would be greatly appreciated. I'm going to bed now. Hopefully, I will be able to say, "What a difference a day makes," tomorrow.

 "CERAMICS ARE DA BOMB!" Continuing with my song title theme, today's header came from a Chris Isaak EP. I like Chris. He's got a great voice, a sense of humor and he's easy on the eyes. I can even forgive him for Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me . I have a German compilation of his hits entitled Wicked Game. I like it a lot. I also like this song he sang on Forever Blue called Graduation Day . I like his old stuff a lot. I'd like to own all of his CD's one day. Thinking about Chris Isaak reminds of my friend, Summer. She's an artist and was one of my instructors while I was in art school. I learned more from her class than any other. Afterwards, we would hang over Sunday lunches and have long conversations about all sorts of things. We talked about music and I introduced her to Kylie's Impossible Princess album. She painted a piece specifically for my house, which now hangs above my fire place in the living room. You can check out her work at her urlLink Web site . Today was surreal. It just seemed to float by. Robert had another anxiety attack this morning. I went into the office and had my meeting and then went to lunch with Karen. The assistant pastor at her church resigned. She didn't know why, but sent me an e-mail later with more information. I don't know all the facts, but it has something to do with explicit images of him in sexual positions. I sent a note back to Karen asking for clarification. It sounds like he posed for a sex manual or an artist. When Robert had not showed up by lunch time, I drove to his house. We had a long talk. We have some clients that are difficult to do anything with. We finally found a solution for one and we're waiting on some documentation. One will not provide any documentation. Another one doesn't have enough money to do anything based upon her credit. He just let it get to him. He told me we didn't have any systems in place so I told him to write down what he felt we needed to do, when it needed to happen and who needed to do it. We have a breakfast meeting with one of our realtors tomorrow. I'm affirming that it will be the start of a successful and lucrative partnership. Bonnie came in and shared some disturbing news to me. She asked if I had known about this information and I admitted that I did not. In fact, I questioned if the person involved had any idea of the news she shared with me. I suppose they will talk. I was reading an article on the BBC Web site about a toaster that does weather forecasts (see Eric's entry on his blog) and there was a link about a new aids vaccine. It stated that 3/4 of gay and bisexual men had no idea that they were infected with HIV. That number seems high to me, but it made me think of my conversation with Bonnie. I came home and washed dishes and picked up around the house a bit. I decided to spend some quality time with Buddy and jumped on the bed. The new mattress and box spring is really comfortable. I can see why "Princess" spends most of her time on it. We were enjoying each other's company as I read Rebecca Blood's The Weblog Handbook . I bought this book over a year ago and have been trying to finish it. It's become more interesting to read now that I have put a blog up. She writes about how our writing styles change and evolve as we continue with our weblog. I'm sure if I look back over my blog archives, I can see how my personality has developed online. I wonder if I have shared too much personal information. She states that there are three reasons why we keep weblogs: information sharing; reputation building; and personal expression. She has an impressive weblog entitled urlLink Rebecca's Pocket . 2F's came home after a hard days work. I knew it had been a tough day. He drank a Coca-Cola. He changed clothes and then crawled onto the other side of the bed and took a nap as I read. A few minutes later, I fell asleep as well. We went over to Elaine's to pick up some books she's giving 2F's for his used book store. Her cat sat on my coat and made my nose run. 2F's was concerned that I would bring some deadly cat virus home to Buddy and insisted that I wash my hands as soon as I stepped inside the house. We had some chicken noodle soup and a grilled cheese for dinner. I received an offer from GLBT (Gay Lesbian Bisexual Transgendered) book club. There are a lot of interesting gay writers out there these days. I'm interested in reading the one about the man who wrote the Star Trek episode entitled The Trouble With Tribbles . He adopted a boy who believed he was a Martian. In other words, plots have moved beyond getting off, coming out, suicide, aids, etc. Now we have interesting stories about characters that happen to be GLBT and the details of their individual worlds. I felt drowsy this afternoon. My nap was enjoyable, but out of the ordinary. I had plenty of sleep last night. Perhaps there is something in the air and that contributed to my runny nose and watery eyes. With the mercurial weather we have in the South, it tends to allow one to become sick with the switches from hot to cold. I listened to urlLink Sarah Brightman 's Fly album. I think it was repackaged as Time To Say Goodbye in the U.S. I admit that the cover art presents a different expectation for the listener. It's an underrated album. I worked a bit on a design for my personal Web site. I'm also thinking of moving my blog to another domain so that I can do a bit more with it. When we are at Elaine's house tonight, she was watching CSI . One of the stories was about a couple that killed their baby by leaving him in the car in the garage on a hot summer's day. They gave the baby cough syrup to help him along. They thought that he had some rare disease that their first born had died from in a slow, agonizing process. Come to find out, the symptoms the second baby had were due to small quantities of pesticide that came from the mother. I believe she was a professional gardener. The baby was perfectly fine. For some reason that really just stayed with me. Ironically, the father was played by the actor in Big Eden , which is a movie I mentioned in yesterday's blog. Hmmm, say....

 YES SIR, I CAN BOOGIE! I left my cell phone at work yesterday and I worked from home today. Luckily, I was able to check my voice mail from the regular telephone. However, the Cingular voice-response computer system is very hard of hearing. I was yelling "Option 2!" into the phone and she still could not get it right. (Bless her heart!) I spoke with Earthlink today and was passed around three times and was finally told that they do not sell new modems. I feel one of my scathing letters coming on. (Bless their heart!) We're taking breakfast to one of the local realtor's offices on Friday. This is a good sign because realtors are like Nile crocodiles and mortgage brokers are like the little birds that pick the parasites between their teeth. I treated myself to the new Sophie Ellis-Bextor CD single today. I love I Won't Change You . I like the part where she sings that she will change her underwear if that's okay with you. The video is cute too. She looks good with burgundy hair and the Ghost World glasses. The B-side is Yes Sir, I Can Boogie and it just makes me giggle like a Japanese house boy. My mortgage intensive seminar was very good. I learned a lot and received greate feedback. I've been told there is an opening on a PowerCore team for me at last. This is a local business networking group. I've been waiting since September and this is a quick opening. I heard that I was on the 14-year plan. I went to my writer's group tonight and there were just two of us this evening. Rick is about to buy a condo and is interested in me helping him with a mortgage. (Isn't the Universe a funny thing?) We discussed a spoken word event at the Red Light Cafe and publishing an anthology and doing a short story contest based on a specific topic or word. I gave Rick a short story of mine to read and he read the only poem he ever wrote to me. It was written after his lover of seven years was kiled in a car wreck. I don't know a lot about rhyme and meter, but it was a lovely metaphor about the memory of his lover visiting him. I stopped by David & Jason's house on the way home to drop a CD off that Jason wanted to borrow. I finally saw an episode of Sex And The City. I only saw a few minutes, but it was funny. Jason made me watch the Mad TV parody of Me Against The Music. It consisted of Madonna chasing Britney through the maze on a walker. David indicated that that there will be a stripper from Swinging Richard's at Hillery's semi-surprise party on Saturday. I'm not sure how 2F's will react to that. Anytime we go to any place where two or more gay men are gathered, he acts as if he is visiting a speakeasy during prohibition. "Cheese it, fellas! It's the cops!" Jason's straight (hmmm, we say....) model friend will be bartending. I can't remember his face because most of the pictures I have seen of him are his naked butt. Perhaps it's because he only designs women's clothes. 2F's and I still need to buy a gift. Jason swears that Hillery wants a Madonna CD. Me thinks he protestesth a little to much. I think I'm going to share the Kylie story that Drew, star of Not Enought Drew In The World (See links to the left), told me about. I would have told Jason before, but he would have told everyone else before the party so it would sound like I'm really unhip and behind the times. All this from a man who once told me that Dannii Minogue was not Kylie's sister. I had to break it down for him at the Christmas party... in front of the manger. (Bless his incorrect heart!) When I arrived home, Jeff was watching a news broadcast from Jordan. The entire Middle East seems to only be concerned that President Bush did not mention anything about the Israel vs. Palestine situation. Palestinions affectionately refer to Israelis as unholy Zionists. It's almost as good as "evil doers" and "trash haven." I've got a big day tomorrow, so I'll turn in now. Remember: don't wear yellow lipstick.

 "THE MAN THAT GOT THE MAN THAT GOT AWAY" OR "FAGDAD CAFE" It's been a quiet day. The photo shoot went well for my brochure. I was wearing a blue suit, the photographer threw a white cat at me and yelled, "Let the music lift you up, dahling!" Tonight I took minutes at the GPNA meeting as the newly elected secretary. Some of the people go on and on and on. I know they feel passionate about it all, but get to the point... PLEASE! 2F's has entered a sweepstakes for a HIV medication to win $25,000 due to a entry card that fell out of the Advocate magazine that I received. He was concerned about what his family would think, but I reminded him that his parents typically do not read periodicals that have advertisments for HIV meds. By the way, General Wesley Clark is looking pretty hot on the cover. He is wearing an open shirt with a white V-neck T-shirt underneath. On our Saturday excursion, I was delighted to discover that Carrie "Princess Leia" Fisher has written a new novel entitled The Bad Awful , which is about her husband leaving her for another man. The header for today's entry consists of two chapter titles from the book. She is also featured in this month's Advocate . I'm close to finishing Kylie Confidential . I'm on the edge of my seat as I enter the Madonna/Kyie comparisons. Then I'll finish with the complete discography. Robert made the decision that we should visit realtors more often. I have been saying this for months. My response was a simple, "Do you prefer to visit them on Thursday or Friday?" Always give two choices and that way you're guaranteed to receive an answer that works. We will visit realtors on Friday. I've been very prolific this past week. I'm going to bed early tonight. Ciao!

 IF THE PET SHOP BOYS SAID IT, IT MUST BE TRUE Today was Martin Luther King (MLK) Day in the U.S. Even though Martin Luther King Junior’s birthday was last Thursday, it is observed on the following Monday. Today was the first time in many years that I had to work today. It was very slow. I got a lot done today. I drove by the MLK Memorial on my way home. It's the short cut I usually take to avoid traffic. For the first time, I actually had to stop and let some cross the street at the pedestrian crossing. Robert returned from his vacation in Panama. He had a great time and now has the international travel bug. Perhaps there will be an article in Rolling Stone about people who purposely try to catch the travel bug and there will be a big controversy. I clicked on the link for urlLink Geek Slut on Belle De Jour this evening. It took me a minute to figure out he was a man. I got him confused with Pussy Ranch . He wrote about having unprotected anal intercourse with an HIV+ guy. I found that rather disturbing. This guy is having sex with a lot of people. Granted, he didn’t have anal intercourse with the HIV- boy. He seems to only have anal intercourse with HIV+ men from what I could gather and he seems to be the top in these situations. From what I have read, if two HIV+ people have unprotected sex, they run the risk of infecting themselves with several different strains of the virus. However, you read about these men that believe that HIV was just been planted in our collective consciousness by the government and it really doesn’t exist. Oddly enough, these men never seem to get sick. What if they were right? I know a few gay couples that have been together for a while and do not have an open relationship. They have been tested and they no longer use condoms for intercourse. I understand the logic, but since I came out after this dis-ease was already around, it’s just not an option that is available in my psyche. It’s interesting to notice how much the world is changing. I read another few pages in Kylie Confidential today. Did you know she dated Pauly Shore? They met on the set for Bio-Dome . She then spurned him for the French photographer, Stephane Sednaoui, who previously dated Bjork. I would assume that both Bjork and Kylie were sexually active with Stephane. Therefore, one could say that Bjork and Kylie have slept together… indirectly. I decided to visit the urlLink Pet Shop Boys Web site today. I wanted to know when they were going to release their next single from Pop Art , which is their compilation of all of their top 20 hits. There are two new songs: Miracles ; and Flamboyant . I really like Miracles and the B-side, We Are The Pet Shop Boys is a lot of fun. When I visit the PSB Web site, I enjoy reading the questions and answers section where fans have posted questions and the PSB type their replies. It is usually quite entertaining. What I have always liked about Neil Tennant is that he just says it like it T-I-S. For example, question 58 reads as follows: Do you like the french football? Do you know Bordeaux? Neil Tennant: No but I've seen the French rugby players calendar. N Then I came across a fireball of controversy and bad punctuation in question 884. Please see below: Do you think kylie should go back to pop. Neil Tennant: Yes. N Oh the scandal! Personally, I believe Neil and Chris are still a tad bit upset about Kylie’s recording of the song Falling , which they wrote for her Kylie Minogue album from 1994. Once again, she was trying to be a serious artist. Speaking of Ms. Minogue, her new single Slow has received a warm reception from U.S. radio. Her new album, Body Language , will be released on February 10th in the U.S. It will include two new tracks: Cruise Control ; and You Make Me Feel , which was also included on the Japanese version of Body Language . It will also include the videos for Slow and Can’t Get You Out Of My Head from her Money Can’t Buy concert in London last November. In other Kylie news, she will make a guest appearance on a future episode of Queer Eye For The Straight Guy and will also be featured on the soundtrack, which will coincidently be released on February 10th as well. It will include the previously unreleased remix of Slow by the Chemical Brothers. In addition, it will also include tracks by Basement Jaxx, Junior Senior, In-Grid, Fischerspooner & Billy Squier, Duran Duran, Liz Phair, Sting and Elton John. For more information, visit the urlLink Queer Eye For The Straight Guy official Web site. Finally, the last topic in the Kylie Department is that Kylie is jealous of Dannii’s Kath & Kim oven mitts. Evidently they both have the apron, but Dannii has one up on Kylie in the mitt department. (Ooh… that sounds nasty, doesn’t it?) Who are Kath & Kim ? They are an Australian sit-com on ABC TV in Australia. Check out the urlLink Kath & Kim Web site. It’s very entertaining. I like the nip and tuck page where you can perform virtual plastic surgery. 2F’s had the day off today and was very productive upstairs in the master bedroom, a renovated attic space. He bought a lamp made out of an old upright telephone and wove a lamp shade out of raffia. He then put old black & white photographs of some people that he doesn’t know into the lamp shade along with an old skeleton key. It’s pretty cool. I’m very proud of him. I told my mom that he was becoming a regular Martha Stewart. She replied, “Yeah, but look what happened to her. Tell him to be careful.” We picked up my box spring today. Abby, the store manager, has one of those great looks and voices. I decided that she should be on a sit-com. Buddy is somewhat concerned about the new mattress and box spring because it makes the top of the bed about a third higher than it was before. It’s almost like a hospital bed. She really needs something to get up on to make it to the top since she only has one hind leg. I guess I’ll have to build her a box. Tomorrow is the photo shoot for our brochure. We’re going to have some individual head shots made so at least I’ll have something to use if I do decide to audition for a play this year. Many people have been pushing for me to return to the stage. I always enjoyed acting and did quite well, but it is certainly a time commitment. I was telling Patty at the office that I had a screen test for Primal Fear and she was quite impressed. I’m not sure that there was any reason to be considering that Edward Norton received the part and an Oscar nomination and all I got was a slice of pizza from the director. While cleaning out my bedroom this evening to make room for the new mattress and box spring, I came across a book called The Visual Encyclopedia of Natural Healing . I opened the book up and it happened to be on the chapter on flatulence. If you know me, you know this is one of my least favorite subject’s in the world. In fact, I just think discussing bodily functions of the excretory system are just taboo. However, I was surprised to learn that young to middle-aged men pass gas an average of 14 times per day, releasing a total of about 2.5 cups of fumes. I couldn’t help but visualize some poor little woman in a white lab coat holding a measuring cup over some middle-aged man’s behind. There is also a diagram of a yoga pose that will relax your rectum so that you can release trapped gas. Yet the most shocking thing to learn above all is that practically everything you eat, with the exception of fiberglass insulation, causes flatulence. Here is the list of guilty foods: apples; bagels; bananas; bread; brussels sprouts; cabbage; carrots; celery; citrus fruits; eggplant; lettuce; onions; pastries; potatoes; pretzels; prune juice; raisins; and wheat germ. In addition, coffee, soft drinks, beer and other yeasty beverages produce similar results. The best advice they give is to avoid these foods completely. Well, what’s left? Buddy just hopped over to the stairs and has meowed at me that it is time to go to bed. I’d better wrap up or she’ll be down in a few minutes to check on me. She’s really quite intelligent as well as being down-right bossy. The nickname of Princess is well deserved. I’ve been under a heavy British influence lately and have decided to start using “whilst” as much as possible. You don’t believe me? Whilst he or whilstn’t he? That is the question! I received a pleasant surprise today. Drew from London sent me a nice note. It’s always nice to make a new friend… especially when he is a writer too. I had asked him previously about his disparaging remark about Debbie Harry. His response was as follows: “Oh, and Debbie Harry – well don’t get me started. She still owes me ten quid… ;)” I’m intrigued. Tell me more.

 THE MULTIPLE-ORGASMIC MAN I've been busy for the past few days. I worked late Friday and came home. 2F's and I ordered a pepperoni pizza and watched "Auntie Mame." We both laughed really hard. It was interesting to compare the book to the movie. I had seen the movie years ago when I was fourteen and was in the play a year later. I think the play/movie improved upon the book odly enough. We got up late on Saturday. 2F's has been under the weather so I let him sleep while I read "Kylie Confidential." It's a cheesey, tell-all book cashing in on Ms. Minogue's popularity. It tells about how she seduced a football player when she was sixteen on a garage floor. I did learn other things. I had no idea that Dannii, her sister, was such a huge star before Kylie. Interesting.... We went to the new Australian bakery that opened in East Atlanta. The pavlova was better than the location in Marietta. We went to the anitque mall across the street. Hours later, we dropped off our recycling at the DeKalb Farmer's Market and went to another antique mall. I had no idea that Lisa Lisa & The Cult Jam were considered antiques. We heard a little boy say, "Look Mom, an old keyboard." "No son, that's a typewriter." We went to movie night. We had dinner at Mu Lan's and I had crispy orange chicken, which was good, but not for the whole meal. I ate a candle to break the sweet taste. Afterwards, we watched "Beautiful Thing." I had seen it before. It's a very sweet movie. It moved 2F's, but also made him very sad. I also received this month's Out magazine yesterday and it was listed as the number one gay movie of all time. Hmmm, we say.... Today was busy. I went to Sunday school, church, the gym, GPNA meeting and then began organizing my bedroom while I did laundry. I'm just finishing up ironing. I found a copy of "The Multiple Orgasmic Male" in a box. I think I'm going to set it on my night stand to see what kind of response I receive from people. I wonder where it came from?

 JOAN HAS DECIDED TO RELEASE HER CELIBACY It was a good day, today. I woke up with ticking off in my head while in the shower all the things I had to do today. It was a bit overwhelming, but then I decided that everything would sort itself out and it did. The furnace man came and we now have heat upstairs. Yeah! I had that fantastic chicken club salad from Brookside Grill today. It has nuts, dried cherries and golden raisins and this fantasic marinated chicken. I had lunch with Dan today. He's really in a good place now after making some big changes very suddenly. I was speaking with some of the other loan specialists and they are experiencing the same slowness that I am right now. We expect it to pick up in February. Ironically, rates have dropped the lowest they have ever been. A 5/6 Interest Only LIBOR ARM is at 4.25%. Amazing! The creative visualization meeting was at my house tonight. We talked about all the goals that we set last year and had achieved before the end of the year. I had fifteen. I still have a list of things to do from last year, which I call unfinished business. I hope to resolve those soon. I set my new goals for this year. We wrote down all the things we want do away with from our lives. For example, negative qualities, old ideas, bad health, poverty, etc. We burned those in the chimanera in the back yard. It was very freeing. I only wish it had not been so windy. It was such a beautiful day today. The sky was blue with no clouds and lots of sunshine. It's supposed to get down in the 20's tonight. Joan has decided that she wants to start dating again, have a relationship and begin "making nice nice" again. It made antedelluvian images come to mind. I've been feeling really deep today. I've really gotten to this place in my life where I don't put a lot of expectations on anything... including myself. I'm not referring to a feeling of hopelessness. I'm just saying I plan to do things, but I'm very open-minded about how it will happen and what it will be like. I'm much more relaxed and not disappointed with the outcome. I think that's healthy. I have a stack of books beside my bed that is a real hodge podge of topics. Jeff bought me "The Story Of Pi." Merredith bought me a book on Madonna and a friend gave me "Kylie Confidential," which is really cheesey looking. I recently read Kylie's entire natal chart. She worries a lot and now I have trouble sleeping at night. Well, maybe not. There is a book about Sydney and one about a little girl who wants to make pop-up greeting cards or become a dentist. It's really very clever, but got slow in the middle. There is a book on soap making, candle making and (I love this title) "You Can Write Greeting Cards." There is also a book on hiking Georgia. I haven't spen much time outdoors the past few months and I really need to get outside. There is also "Sex Toys Of The Gods," which is by the author who wrote "Glamourpuss." Work is really getting in the way of my life. I sent an e-mail to Drew from the "Not Enough Drew In The World" blog and he sent me a very nice reply. He explained that one quid is equal to one pound. CV stands for Curriculum Vitae, which is the Latin equivalent for resume. It's very interesting. We speak the same language, but yet we don't. I sent a reply back that was much longer than I had anticipated, but I just went with the flow. It's like I tapped into some literary sugar high. If only I had been working on my book. Maybe I'll start writing in the morning. All in all, Drew seems like a really nice and bright guy. I've enjoyed reading his blog and you probably will too. Check it out! The link is on the left. I had an interesting experience that was a result from the "Quest For Meaning" book that I have been reading. The idea is that we can generate love for ourselves. When I say love, I'm not speaking of sexual or romantic love, but an appreciation and respect for the miracle of life that we each are. I had to do an exercise where I picked up a stuffed animal and imagined loving that stuffed animal to see whether the love I felt came from the stuffed animal or inside me. I really thought this was stupid and I'm prett open-minded. I wasn't even sure if I had a stuffed animal. However, I committed to doing this so I went into my room. I bought a stuffed kangaroo with an aviator cap and goggles when I was in Australia and it's on the top shelf of my book case, which is dedicated to my world travels. I picked it up and hugged it. After a moment, I really felt this intense love well up inside of me and begin to emenate out from my chest. I felt as if I was almost about to purr. It reminded me of when I pick up Buddy, much to her chargrin, and hold her. For some reason, it was particularly moving for me and I'm still thinking about it several days later. There are so many things I want to learn about and do. I just don't understand how other people can be bored. I haven't been bored since 1975.

 GET YOURSELF HIGH I was under the spell of the Chemical Brothers today. I tried to read Sophie Ellis-Bextor's lips this morning, but I just wasn't in the mood to take her home, get over myself or let music get the best of her. I, too, know that it is murder on the dancefloor. Okay. That was all bad because most of you want understand the references to her first album and first four singles. It was really a great day today until I came home and talked to Mike from Earthlink. I'm not sure what's happened with their tech support department, but they are not as together as they used to be. We once again had to test everything. I asked him if this information wasn't already in the notes since I had already been through this with the five previous technicians. He asked me which model modem I had and I asked him why it wasn't in the notes since they ask me every time. Then he told me the problem must be on my end. I said, "Hmmm... that's interesting. When I take my laptop to work and plug in the ethernet connection at the office, it works great. I've tried the modem with three brand new ethernet cables and nothing happens. Bellsouth has checked the line twice and it's fine. That leads me to believe it's the modem." Then he tells me that my modem is no longer under warranty. I remind him that I didn't buy the modem. So Mike gives me my choices: A. I buy a new modem from Earthlink for $50 B. I buy a refurbished modem from Earthlink for $40 C. I buy a new modem eslewhere, which may not be compatible with their software. D. I sign a new 12-month contact with Earthlink and receive a free modem (and outstanding support and customer service. E. I cancel my account. F. I take a lock of Mike's hair and some of his fingernail clippings to Ms. Hattie's Voodoo Is Us and.... I feel very betrayed. I've had a relationship with Earthlink, formerly Mindspring for almost seven years. It just frustrates me that I have been paying for DSL service and have not received that for the past two months and no one seems to give a damn. I felt very angry and decided it was best not to make a decision at the moment. Mike asked me what he should do with my trouble ticket. I inhaled slowly and replied, "You know what to do with it, Mike. Goodbye." On the brighter side, I did have lunch with my friend, Donald. I met Donald at art school, which sounds so hip, doesn't it? We met in Art History class. Donald always wore sandals, which was a big step for me because I usually like to know my friends for a while before I see their feet. Anyway, Donald and I would talk during breaks and in the parking lot after class. It was fun making a new friend because I really didn't make any friends at school. I was in my early 30's and already working in a successful job. I wasn't angry. I had no body piercings or tattoos. I could compose a complete sentence without the "F" word. (I love to say it like that. It's so dramatic!) Plus, I spent most of my time with Jeff and I sort of realized that I needed to branch out and spend time with some other people too. I don't remember when Donald and I spent time together outside of class, but I think it was at my surprise birthday party that I threw for myself in 2000. The surprise was that I didn't tell anyone it was my birthday. Donald brought his girlfriend, Julie, over the house and we drank a little, snacked a little and Julie showed us how she did swallow tests on elderly people in nursing homes. She has a little tube she sticks up their nostril holes. We had a great time. Over the years, we've spent some time together and the two of them are absolutely two of my most favorite people in the world. This year, Jeffifer met Julie's sister who works at the Museum of Modern Art in New York and stalks Duran Duran in her spare time. I think she's fabulous! Work was okay. It seemed to take forever to do anything today. The toilets are broken at the office. You have to take the lid off and stick your hand down in the water to pull the chain to flush it. Meanwhile you have to put the lamp in the sink because there is no overhead lighting. Fortunately, we didn't eat finger foods today. I went to church tonight and listened to a lecture on "treasure mapping." It's sometimes referred to as visual prayer, which is basically cutting out pictures of things you want to manifest in your life. For example, cutting your head out of a picture and pasting it on a picture of the body you would like to have. It was interesting. I didn't learn anything new, but I like to hear what other people have experienced and done. I guess I an experience voyeur. Because I was listening to the Chemical Brothers' Greatest Hits in the car, I kept singing: "Hey girl! Hey boy! Superstar DJ's.... HERE WE GO!" It's ironic considering that "Hey Boy, Hey Girl" isn't even included on the album. Jeff is feeling sicker than yesterday. He's achey, sore throat, sinus, etc. and deal with the legislative session. Gov. Perdue (Sonny) gave his big address to the House tonight. (It's normally given in the morning to address this year's proposed budget.) I was pretty sure he was going to tell us that he wanted to propose legislation to send school teachers to the moon... and then, perhaps, on to Mars. Instead, he addressed nothing really. It was pretty much a campaign speech. The main point seemed to be that he was not going to do away with the Hope scholarship, which takes the winnings from the lottery to fund free tuition for Georgia students to go to college. I wish we had something like that when I went to school for my first degree in Texas. Dubya gave a speech on the space program today. I'm all for space exploration. However, I think it's just a red herring to take the attention away from Iraq. Didn't his father do the same thing in '89. It's not really that interesting. I wish he would sleep with an intern. THAT would be interesting. I'm still kicking myself for not picking up a copy of "Presidential Impeachment For Dummies" on the Borders' clearance rack several years ago. The big buzz now is Bush coming to Atlanta tomorrow to put a wreath on the MLK Memorial, which is just down the street from me. It's weird living near so much history. A lot of African-American leaders feel it's just for show and in bad taste. I don't know why. I mean, Bush has been such a big supporter of civil rights since he's been in office. I shouldn't write that way. He is our leader and I should respect the office of the President. I would like politicians better if it wasn't for all the politics. Jeff and I watched some Tom & Jerry cartoons on Boomerang tonight. That cat's just not very bright. Instead of taking the corn cob away from Jerry and then trying to catch him, why not just grab him WITH the corn cob. Go figure! Okay... this superstar DJ is going to bed. Tomorrow, the furnace man cometh.

 BONNIE WAS IN THE MOOD FOR MEXICAN TODAY I don't know why I get such a kick out of my obscure headers. I suppose that on a certain leel, I want readers to think, "I'm intrigued. Tell me more." And then I rant on about something completely different. Today went by so fast. I got up and had my morning meditation time. I took Catherine Ponder's suggestion and said the Lord's Prayer 15 times on the way to work as a form of meditaton. It really is a remarkable piece of information if you break it down piece by piece. However, I did not win the lottery today. One day I'll actually have to buy a ticket. As stated above, Bonnie decided that we should have Mexican today for lunch. I had the Especial No. 10... or was it the Speedy Gonzalez. I can't remember. I left early to meet the the furnace guy. I stopped by the Cyclorama to speak with Mr. Jenkins. I took a display with nine calendars (he already had one) to Mr. Jenkins and broke it down (Oh no, you didn't say that!) for him. I finally convinced him to sell the 2004 "Postcards From The Park" calendars because he gets a dollar and the remaining nine goes to the neighborhood association. Afterwards, I dropped a contract off at a local realtor's office and spoke with one of the realtors. I'll call him George because that is how he was introduced to me. George makes me laugh. He calls me things like "sunshine," "doll," "honey," and "baby." It's such a Southern thing. The furnace guy did not show up. Evidently he wrote down the wrong number. I left a message for him and waited for a call back. In the interim, I read the archives on Belle De Jour. She never writes anything too long. I like that. Lately, I've been writing novels. I'm okay with that. It is what it is. Furnace guy calls back. He'll come by on Thursday morning. I decide to drive over to East Atlanta and have my tires repaired at Rubber Man. It was fun to stand around and watch. African-American culture is so interesting to me. It was interesting watching the dynamics amongst the workers. They did a good job and were very friendly to me. Sometimes you meet African-American people who immediatley decide they don't like you because you're caucasian. Likewise, some Caucasion people immediately decide they don't like African-American people because they are black. Will we ever grow out of this? While watching the guy take my wheels off the Miata, I gazed longingly at the floor jack. My father has a faded red two-ton floor jack. He's had it for as long as I can remember and uses it to jack up cars that he works on. (My father does body work as a hobby. He does beautiful work.) I used to jack it up and stand on it as I twised the disc on the end of the handle and I would be lowered slowly down. If anything ever happened to my father, I think I would want the floor jack to remember him by. A year or so ago, Jeff and I asked each other what one item we would want from the other's belongings to remember him by if something happened to us. We both said alarm clocks. I used to have a Fossil antique-style alarm clock. I bought it at the outlet mall in Dawsonville and it never would keep time. It remained on my night stand because it looked good. Jeff always thought this was hillarious. He used to have a tiny travel alarm clock that he would use when traveled. The cover broke off and he would even set it even at home when he set his clock radio. It was always the last thing he would do before he went to sleep at night. It always reminded me of him. Ironically, both clocks are gone now. I wonder what we would choose now if the question was put to us again. We had the Historical Committee meeting here tonight. Dinner was rather bland. I made salmon, green beans (steamed) and brown rice. I had a red-flavored Italian ice while I was cooking dinner. (Don't tell Jeff!) The meeting went well. We may be moving in another direction. I just don't want to take on any further volunteer projects. I have quite enough. I updated the article about the calendar on the neighborhood Web site. Who would have thought I would end up like this with a Web design degree? Afterwards, I wanted to unwind and read the archive on the Never Have Enough Drew blog. I'm not really sure why I decided to read it all. It's sort of sweet because he meets his boyfriend shortly after the blog begins and they fall in love and they are still in love. He writes well, seems to posses intelligence and is quite witty at times. He's a virgo too. Some of the things he describes are things I have felt before. I remember feeling like my friends had abandoned me and really missing them. I believe he is originally from New Zealand, which is one place I would love to go after visiting Australia. He used the word "squillion" and it just made me chuckle. I also enjoyed the battle of wills regarding the new Kylie album. I think I may actually send him an e-mail. I keep feeling that I should, but have no idea why. British/Aussie/Kiwi culture is so interesting because we speak the same language and yet have as much culture shock as someone from China. I just want to say something British like "Bang on!" I asked my friend, Carol, once if she knew the Pet Shop Boys. She just looked at me blankly. She's a few years my senior. Tomorrow night is my check-in night with Blaise and I have not written anything solid to share. He is my accountablility partner for my creative projects so I must put something together right now. Avoi sports fans!

 FIX-A-FLAT IS AMAZING! Where does the day go, friends? I worked from home today. It was nice and no distractions. This afternoon, I decided to drive to the bank and post office. I discovered that my left front tire was completely flat. Sigh.... I drove the truck, deposited my paycheck, got some cash, mailed Jeff's broken martini glasses back to Mikasa. The postal worker insisted on marking them fragile even though I told her they were broken. I had to hand it to her for her dedication to her work and what she thought was best. X came by this afternoon. The current boy e-mailed him today to say that he was moving out. It's been coming for awhile. It's no surprise. They were going to talk this evening. Y is not a bad person. He's had certain life experiences and has chosen one way to deal with them and isn't open to any other ideas on the matter. Y deserves love, but he has to rearrange the insides and make room for it. Meanwhile, back at the cattle ranch, X was a little bit suprised at how the news didn't upset him as much as he thought. From what he said, it sounds as if it is dawning on him how much time and energy he put into this relationship. It is sort of like drawing with your eyes closed. You think you've drawn an exceptional horse and look up and you're in Pennsylvania. Please keep them both in your thoughts. I hope they can part amicably and maintain a friendship. However, that may not be the right thing for the moment. I'm officially adding urlLink Belle De Jour to my links. She's way too interesting. Today's entry was especially interesting. She sort of reminds me of Tess Turbo from the "Bloom County" comic strip from the '80's. I'm also adding another blog to the links by a guy from a writer in London. The blog is urlLink Not Enough Drew In The World. Who knows? I may even send Belle or Drew a message one of these days. I e-mailed my friend, Scott, in Eugene, Oregon. I was responding to a message from October 30th. However, you have to understand that Scott and I write long messages back to each other. His daughter, Sioban (named after Bananarama member, Siobhan Fahey), is beginning to exhibit "diva behavior." Scott and I share a mutual love for our hacked Apex DVD players and Bananarama. We're waiting with baited breathe for the new single/album to become available in February. I haven't listened to the new urlLink Kylie Minogue album in several weeks. I wonder if she can feel that all the way across the ocean. I wonder if she is worried. Is the fear so great, that she puts on a hooded cloak and goes to light the candles and incense at her altar. She chants and I begin to move toward the "Body Language" CD, but at the last minute, I choose "Shoot From The Hip" by urlLink Sophie Ellis-Bextor . I read a little bit more of "Auntie Mame" last night. It is really straying a great deal from the plot of the play. However, considering that the play was based upon the book, I suppose that is not a valid complaint. Although I cannot complain. I'm enjoying the book. I also see what a brilliant job they writers did adapting the play from the book. It was very well done. Buddy slept most of the day. She appeared in the kitchen while I was washing dishes in hopes that chicken would magically appear in he bowl. She went outside briefly. She was unmoved by the vacuum cleaner today from which she generally runs as if it were a cat-eating beast. While Jeff was on the computer this evening, I sat down to read a chapter in my "Quest For Meaning" book. All of sudden her paw hit me straight in the head. She has developed this little system for letting us know when she is in mood to be petted. I was not amused. Princess got over it quickly and was soon asleep by my side. The Fix-A-Flat really did a nice job on my tire. It filled it back up and it rides great. I'm afraid to ask what is inside of that can. I'm surprised no one has tried to sell it as a "penis enlarging" system. Last night I read a story about the architect, Sir Christopher Wren. He visited a work site and the laborers did not know who he was. He asked the first laborer what he was doing and the man said, "I'm earning a shilling a day." He asked a second laborer what he was doing and the man replied, "I'm working on a wall." Sir Christpher asked a third laborer what he was doing and the man replied, "I'm helping Sir Christopher Wren build the greatest cathedral in the world." That story really hit home for me. I often times live in a very small world. I have decided to expand my view of the world. Joan was discussing what men find attractive on her blog, urlLink Conversations With A Woman . It reminded me of a discussion I had with my neighbors, Tony and Thom, a week ago. We were coming back from a Cuban dinner in Virginia Highlands and the topic of young girls in low-cut jeans and mid-riff tops and navel piercings. You do see a lot of young women that are ten or twenty pounds overweight dressing like this. Yes, these styles of clothing to tend to accentuate the extra flesh overflowing over the jeans. Who cares? If they are comfortable dressing that way, let them. It's a free country. Express yourself! Who says that someone has the right to censor our comfort or personal sense of style because we may not match their personal idea of beauty, sexy or aesthetically pleasing to the eye. The same thing goes for overweight men in Speedo bikini swimsuits and thongs. If they feel comfortable, who am I to take away the right to feel the sun, wind and/or sea on their skin. They are not there to titillate me. However, I may worry about their health as a result of their eating habits, diet, amount of exercise, etc., but I don't think I have a right to say what someone can or cannot wear. Thom did make a point to say that sometimes people don't know how they look in particular article of clothing. Live and learn. Okay kids... I'm heading to bed.

 WOULD YOU LKE TARTAR SAUCE WITH THAT "BIG FISH"? Yes, Jeffifer went to see Tim Burton's "Big Fish" tonight and I can safely report that it is an excellent motion picture experience. You'll laugh and you'll cry. I found it amazing watch Ewen McGregor and Helena Bonham Carter playing a scene with Alabama accents. Especially after all that fuss over casting Renee Z. in "Bridgette Jones' Diary," which I quite liked by the way. We went to F.R.O.G.S.' Cantina for dinner beforehand and I had a tasty burritto in the the most unusual shape. It was square like a large raviolli. On the way back from the theater, 2F's was waxing on about how death has permeated his life as of late. (Jeff H. from Canada lost his father a few months ago and Charles is in intensive care after brain surgery. Please think a kind thought for them.) He is still amazed at the number of people who get through most of their life without losing somone. I told him that I first experienced death when my grandfather died when I was four years old. He asked me to describe it and I was doing so when he became fixated on an eldergly blind woman trying to cross Monroe. Jeff decided that we needed to go back and help the elderly blind woman, whom I personally thought was pretty damn butch, across the street. I'm not sure what it would entail, but I always believe in following your soul. We circled around and stopped in the street. As it turns out, our elderly blind lesbian was really an elderly blind man who didn't seem to understand that Jeff was trying to allow him to cross the street safely. Finally, he did. The true irony of the situation is that when Jeff turned around, there was actually no traffic and the little guy would have been able to cross without interruption if Jeff had just driven home. Oh well.... While watching the movie tonight, it began to have a sentimental effect on 2F's. I felt his hand reach out for mine. There is an energy that I can feel when he wants both physical and emotional closeness. It's a very soft feeling like a feather in the air. It's very vulnerable and can be easily lost. It reminds me of slowly becoming aware of the breeze blowing a wind chime at night while reading and then focusing on it as the sound grows stronger and stronger. I didn't figure it would last. When we arrived home, Jeff immediately returned his full attention to putting up all the Christmas decorations. I've learned not to allow myself to be bothered by this. I'm really involved in my writing and I enjoy having time to read. In fact, I'm involved with "The Quest For Meaining: Livng A Life Of Purpose" for a class at church and "Autnie Mame" by Patrick Dennis. The latter is one of my favorite movies of all time. It's so funny and clever and... even moving. The book is somewhat different. I think it makes her out to be more vulnerable. I don't suppose it matters because Patrick Dennis was not a real person and the book was written by an advertising executive. Saturday morning I finished laundry and focused on preparing for my Creative Visualization meeting on Thursday. I also worked on my Master Mind Journal with goal setting. It was a lot of work, but I really feel much more focused now. I really want to acheive some things this year with my writing. I'm beginning to feel more like it has something to do with my purpose, but perhaps not in the most obvious way that comes to mind. A friend of mine suggested that I interview straight guys that he hires to shower and masturbate on video for his Web site. I must admit I was intrigued and already formulating Barbara Waltersesque questions such as: "If you could be any Little Debbie snack cake, what would you be and why?" "Pickup or camaro?" "Would you like to biggie size that?" I've really been fascinated by the Human League again. It comes and goes. I'm especially into the older stuff again before the girls joined the band and they actually had a hit. "Being Boiled" has been playing in my head. "Listen to the voice of Buddha...." I also pulled out some Texas CD's, OMD and Blondie. I love the new Blondie single "Good Boys." It's the perfect combination of dance and rock. The early 80's were such a great time. I wish I had been older and could have gone to the Stark Club in Dallas and watched Grace Jones snort coke with Rob Lowe. Sigh.... I know that friends often read this Web site to keep track of me, but I wonder sometimes about people I don't know coming across this Web site. I wonder how they find it and how similiar and different my life must be from theirs. Would they decide that I fancy myself a swiss cake roll or more of a star crunch? I guess we'll never know.

 I'VE BEEN A BAAAAAAAD BOY Belle Du Jour wrote about anal sex today, saying that it is the new black. I enjoyed her reference to Charlotte Church. I try to steer clear of mentioning Char's name around my mom because then she always sighs and says, "It's such a shame she let fame go to her her head and moved in with boy and talked ugly to her mother." It's much like every time my mother hear's Anne Murray's name, she has to remind us that lesbians everywhere love her. Anyway, Sue on Talk Sex was discussing anal sex with James from New Orleans. I was quite surprised to find out that I have an involuntary sphincter. Well... I guess we all do. She also spoke with Yolanda in El Paso about her lack of personal lubrication after her complete hysterectomy and a lady in D.C. with a husband that likes to cross dress. I still can't get over the girl in West Virginia whose boyfriend wanted her to take a stun gun to his testes. OUCH! Earthlink and I have come to some agreement about my DSL connection. "Houston, we have a problem." They are dispatching (I love to say that!) a Bellsouth technician out to the house to check the line tomorrow. I've already lost my Internet connection three times since I began this blog entry. Did you read about the mountain lines that attacked the two mountain bikers in California? Wasn't that something? It drug that girl off with her face in its mouth. They found the guy's body hidden under plant debris. The eerie thing is that the mountain was stalking the deputies that we're out looking for it. Unfortunately for our feline fiend, a police helicopter tipped the deputies off and they shot him. The mountain lion's friend ran away and was hit by a car and killed. It sounds just like a bad TV movie with Yvette Mimeaux, doesn't it? I supposed the publicity will cause other mountain lions to stealthly slip into public schools and attack teacher and students. This is how it all begins. I saw Cate Blanchett on Inside The Actor's Studio. I love her. She's brilliant... and from Australia, too! Jeff announced that he was disappointed in me tonight. (What? "Again?" You ask!) I ordered some Mikasa martini glasses for him as a Christmas present and they arrived broken. He called and told me to fill out a return slip, which I did. Well, somehow I was supposed to read his mind that I should wrap the box in a plain brown wrapper and send it back to Mikasa at my expense. I though they would send a merchandise pick-up tag since they obviously let gorillas ship them. I was very tempted to mention the fact that I'm still waiting for him to help me mount my bass-link back in my car since I've been waiting since... September. However, that won't help anything. It relates back to my revelation about Robert yesterday during my meditation. (I never did share it, did I?) The answer that came to me as clear as if someone whispered it in my ear is to suggest to Robert that he ask me to do things in the future instead of telling me. Better yet, why not ask what I think we should do. It should work like a charm without making him look bad. I'm looking forward to a productive weekend at home. We'll I'm off to bed. Same Bat Time, same Bat Channel, kids!

 TODAY I HAD A VERY TASTY LUNCH I woke up slowly this morning, feeling very toasty under my comforter with the space heater emitting a gentle hum. I had gone to bed relatively early for me so that I when I finally ousted myself from the bed, it was almost eight. I took care of my daily prayer and meditation business to get myself in a good place for the day. A solution regarding the situation with Robert came through in meditation today. More on that later. I reviewed a file Robert had given me early this morning and made a few notes to ask him about when he called from Miami. I explored my desk a bit and found lots of things that needed to be thrown away and lots of tasks for this weekend. I expect this weekend will be a quiet work at home weekend. Robert called when I was in the shower. I had my cell phone just outside the curtain as I knew he would call when I was in the shower. In the middle of the conversaton, my cell phone went dead. I never renewed contact with him by phone, but sent him an e-mail later Picked up a contract on the way to work and filled the Miata up with gasoline. I stopped and got a Quizino sanwich... Tuscan Chicken I believe. It was very tasty. I got a lot done today and left by 5:30pm. Traffic was dense downtown and I cut through the city. I passed the new Barnes and Noble by Georgia Tech. I imagined how nice it would be inside, drinking a cofee and reading a book in a soft easy chair while occasionally glancing outside to sit drivers fighting the traffic in the rain. When I arrived home, Jeff was putting a brisket in the oven. I changed into some sweats. (I'm very in touch with my inner lesbian.) I laid down with Buddy and slept for a few minutes. We ate dinner and I washed dishes. I read a little bit of "Alec Baldwin Doesn't Love Me & Other Trials From My Queer Life" by urlLink Michael Thomas Ford . I choked on spittle while reading the story about how he ran out of his bedroom because he thought the rapture had passed him by and freaked out the ladies in his mom's garden club. I saw Jay on my way in the house this evening. I asked him about Susan’s sonogram. He said it will be a boy. I was so sure it was going to be a girl. I guess I’ll have to turn in my gypsy license. Still… my intuition is almost always right. I immediately decided she has a little faggot in the oven. I turned around on the steps, looked at Jay and said, “Maybe he’ll be artistic.” Jay just beamed and replied, “I hope so.” People often ask me what it is like to have a relationship with someone with the same name. You still just call them baby during sex so I don’t know that it makes much difference. I have begun to take delight in referring to 2F’s and myself as JEFFFIFER. I'm trying to get things ready for next week's Creative Visualization meeting. A lot of stuff is on my desktop, which I'm taking into the shop Friday or Saturday. I'll finish that when I'm through here. I'm still having ISP problems. Darryl Watkins, my friendly general technical support specialist, sent me some detailed instructions for purchasing a new ethernet cable. This will be my third. If it's not that, it's the modem. I decided that if I worked as a friendly general technical support specialist, I would close all of my e-mails with "Lustfully Yours," or "Love & Hot Licks."

 TONIGHT THE KNIFE PIERCED THE APPLE! It's very cold in Atlanta tonight. This morning it was in the teens. The meeting with my client went well. He told Robert and I a story about his brother being electrocuted on top of a transit train in New Jersey. He was working for the historic society, but he is really a graphic designer. Hmmm? He survived and spent a year in a burn unit and eventually married his nurse. We went to work. I allowed Robert to drive me nuts. His words and actions seem to imply that I am working for him. I do not take orders from him. Occasionally, I'll do or say something to give him a subtle hint. I need to say something to him when he returns from Panama, but I don't want to hurt his feelings. One of the realtors we met on one of our Sunday visits to open houses has advised us that he would like to begin working exclusively with us. I'm excited because I liked this realtor. Our personalities are similar and he has a lot of the same work ethics. It's more important to communicate, educate and be fair to the customer. I worked late and left to see Valerie speak at church on prosperity. Traffic was backed up and I soon realized that at the present rate of travel, I would arrive with less than half an hour left of the service. I decided to drive on home. Once home, Jeff and I had dinner and then he announced that tonight was the night to undecorate the house. (I could have sworn he told me that was going to happen on Friday.) I resigned myself to not have a nice relaxing evening of reading for a bit and going to bed early. I put on Fisherspooner and we attacked the Christmas tree wth gusto. Afterwards, we sliced into the chocolate/caramel covered apple from Neiman Marcus that Jeff bought me for Christmas. It was very good chocolate and a sassy green apple. (Grandma would have definitely slapped it in church.) Jeff must have liked it because he asked, "Do you want some more?" I said I was fine. He asked, "Are you sure?" We're waiting for a new part for the heater upstairs. Jeff said he woke up last night because he felt like he had a heavy weight on his chest. He opened his eyes and Buddy was curled up fast asleep on his chest. She's an odd, but loveable kitty. Blaise was true to our agreement on checking in with each other on Wednesday regarding our artistic endeavors. I responded back. It's cold again tonight. I plugged in the space heater. I think I'll go to the early service on Sunday and then pick up a Sunday paper on the way home. I can read and do things around the house before my class Sunday night. I need some time for me.

 THE SOUND OF THE CROWD Today was a good day! I got to work by 9:00am. Robert leaves for Panama Thursday. We have several prospects that are almost ready to submit. I think Robert feels somewhat out of control about leaving because he has been very controlling in the office. I have really fought the urge to break it down for him. There is a reason why I am experiencing this and I'm working through it. He bought me an ice cream cone this evening. I think he really does value and appreciate me. We are working together because we both have stuff to work through. The Universe is so interactive. Randy cut my hair tonight and we had such a good time comparing stories. I just love him and his attitude and he is so good to me. My hair looks fabulous! Afterwards, I drove over to OutWrite, which is remarkably across the street. I met with my writers group tonight. I was a little uncertain about my story, but it was very well received. Tim and Rick both liked the story and want to know what happens next. There feedback was very helpful in pointing out areas I can improve the story. It was a real eye-opener and I'm excited about revising the story now. In fact, in some ways it is even helping me see my relationship from a new perspective. Ironically, one of the paragraphs that I had thought about cutting from the story is the one that Tim wrote "genius" beside. That was a very powerful moment for me. In fact, the sections that I felt were rather maudlin and cliché were the ones that seemed to be the most effective. It was a just real powerful experience for me. I can’t wait to write some more. I came home and arrived the same time as Jeff. He looked really handsome in his turtleneck sweater. We had scrambled eggs, bacon and cheese grits. Mmm… a feast fit for lions. My last Christmas present came in today, which was “The Very Best of the Human League” DVD. I love the Human League. It’s too bad their last single, “All I Ever Wanted,” wasn’t a hit. It really should have been. I passed a restaurant called “Me Me’s” today. I wondered if I had been named MeMe whether I would have been self-absorbed. If not, it probably would have seemed that way to French people.

 GOD BLESS EARTHLINK! As many of you may know, I have had some serious issues with my DSL service with Earthlink. While on the telephone with Tech Support, I have delved into the nether regions of my networking connections solve the mystery. Alas, it has been to no avail. They have assured me that Bellsouth has checked the line. Therefore, it must be my computer. However, my laptop has no problem connecting to the Internet at lightning speed at work. It must be my ethernet cable. However, after buying two new ethernet cables, the problem persists. Now while checking my e-mail via the Web based mail center, my e-mail is mysteriously disappearing. After checking to ensure that I had not somehow downloaded the e-mail to Outlook, which I had never opened, and checking the trash and spam folders, I sent an e-mail to Tech Support. After eight hours, I received a cheeky response from Betty at Tech Support stating that I have most likely downloaded it to my mail program and check that out. I sweetly replied to Betty and pointed out that if she had read my @#*% e-mail she would have realized that she was in error and should investigate further. I may be moving to Bellsouth for my Internet service. I feel better today. Sunday was a sad evening. Most of my time since I have returned has been tied up with doing stuff I have to do instead of what I wanted to do. I didn't really get much done before returning to work. No writing for the 1Fster. I did see some friends, which was nice. Last night, the 2Fster and I got into a discussion regarding our internal power struggle, which left me feeling hopeless. It was one of those discussions that leaves everything you felt so sure about suddenly seeming as out-of-the-question as a sequel to "Ishtar." Things are better today, but last night it just zapped all the energy out of me. I listened to the Pet Shop Boys' (PSB) "Pop Art" CD this evening as I ironed. It is quite festive. It's all the top twenty hits. I quite like the new single "Miracles" and the other new track "Flamboyant." There is a different version of "Suburbia." I believe it is the "Video Mix." There is a third CD of the PSB's favorite remixes. I haven't got to that one yet. I'm also quite fond of the new Blondie hit "Good Boys." There is a toe-tapping rap in the middle. There is some lyric about me being all over your face. (I'm not actually referring to me or you literally. It's just the lyrics from the song.) At first, I thought it was neon on your face, which I quite fancy. (Hey, I have an affected British accent like Madonna!) Jeff and I watched the new episode of "Absolutely Fabulous" tonight with Emma "Baby Spice" Bunton. I think this is season is much funnier than the last season. Jeff laughed hard in several spots. My desk is next to a window that is uncovered. Late at night, I sometimes feel that I'm being watched. My first instinct is to look, but then I stop myself and I don't look in case it is a serial killer or aliens with designs on abducting me. In spite of what any of you may think, I abhor the anal probe! (No comments from Dr. Baker (AKA Snickers), please!) I came back to a brand new work dilemna. My purchase is set to tentatively close Friday. However, the appraisal came in and the house is in bad shape. The lender will never approve this loan. We're going to have to change to a construction loan. I couldn't get hold of any of my construction lenders this afternoon so I'll be scrambling tomorrow morning. Tomorrow evening I will get a haircut. Randy will work his magic and make me a new man. Afterwards, I will walk across the street to OutWrite book store for my writer's meeting. I guess I should write something, huh? I'm participating in the Master Mind program at church. I was flipping through my 2004 journal and it looks quite helpful. You know, I decided that my vegetarian paella tasted better as leftovers than it did on Saturday. Perhaps it was the martini.

 HAPPY HOLIDAYS FROM THE LOCH NESS MONSTER! Happy New Year! I know that I have not blogged in forever. I'm still experiencing both computer and ISP problems. I have taken steps to resolve those issues as soons as possible. December flew by so fast that my head is still spinning. It was one Christmas party after another and Christmas shopping. I would have liked to have had some quieter moments in between the parties and shopping. However, no one was diagnosed with terminal illness and Bananarama are recording a new album so there is still quite a few things to be thankful about. Work is going very well. We almost closed five loans this month, but on of my clients just couldn't get all of his documents together to close before the end of the month. I suppose that is the way it was meant to be. None the less, we are picking up speed each month and my boss is happy with our progress. Robert and I attended a seminar by Dan Pinto shortly before the holidays. It was sponsored by New Centurary Mortgage and Dan went over the systems that helped him become a successful loan originator. Robert and I were impressed and we will be implementing these systems this month. Robert will be in Costa Rica after Monday and will return the following week. It will give me time to put together a few things for the following week so that we can hit the ground running. I'm really excited! I bought Palm Tungsten C PDA. It has the QWERTY keyboard and I have loaded my ACT! software on it. (ACT! is a sales pipeline program that allows you to track telephone calls, appointments, things to do, contacts and sales opportunities. I'm beginning to feel organized, which has been my biggest complaint since starting in the business. The timing is right because I feel this new year is about regaining structure in my life. I spent about eight days in Texas with my family and had a great time. I have one of the best families in the world. Granted, we have our dysfunctional elements, but we do love and support one another. We ate all sorts of things that we should not have eaten, but it was just for the holidays. In fact, I ordered my slim fins today so that I can get back into the swimming groove this month. They are special swim fins that allow you to work all the muscles in your leg so that you burn more calories and gain more strength during your workout. Christmas was very good. My sister, brother-in-law and niece joined my mom, dad and little sister Burleson for a lunch and then opened presents. Everyone seemed to really enjoy what they received. We're not a materialistic bunch at all, but this year we all seemed to be bang on! I received much more than I anticipated. I smiled and said thank you for all that I received. I typically request CD's, books, DVD's, gift certificates, etc. I prefer things that are small and can be packed easily for the plane back to Atlanta. We're also a family that buys anthing that we need immediately. Our lists are seldom practical. I was also fortunate to spend time with all my friends this year. Typically, I usually miss out on seeing someone because of the limited number of days and coordinating schedules. I had a wonderful day with Duane and Maggie. We went to Pai Wei, a fast-food version of PF Chang. We visited some used book stores and then went back to their place to see my god childrend: a colony of sugar gliders (flying squirrels from New Zealand). I met my friend, Steve, after work. He works in retail so we met around 10:30pm. We met a friend of his at the Village Station and then walked through Moby Dick's, JR's, etc. I saw a lot of the same people that I used to see about eight years ago when I used to go out. In fact, some of them were probably wearing the same clothes. I also saw a few beautiful people that were no longer quite so beautiful. I don't typically glow over another's misfortune, but it was nice to see that time had not been kind to someone that snubbed me many years ago. I also ran into an ex that I seemed to still have an effect on. It didn't end badly before. It was more a matter of the style with which it was ended. It was an abrupt end of contact with no closure. There were no hard feelings. I smiled as I walked by and walked on. I saw Susan and Darla and we laughed about the past. Darla is still trying to find help for her medical condition. She received a prescripting for Paxil during an extremely stressful time in her life and the Paxil brought about tremors in her body that are uncontrollable... even after she quite taking the Paxil. She has seen many doctors over the past few years and none have found a solution. The tremors have improved somewhat, but not enough that would allow her to work or drive. It's frustrating because Darla is such an independent person. I saw my old drama teacher from high school. I nick named her Mattie. She is living in a cute house in Arlington with someone really special. It's nice to see her happy. We had not seen each other since 2001. My best friend, Kent, was killed/murdered at that time. I think on a succonscious level I did not want to see Mattie because it just reminded me of Kent. This doesn't make a lot of sense considering that I saw Kent's boyfriend/widower, Blaise. However, I had more history with Kent and Mattie than I did with Blaise. Furthermore, if I was going to continue a friendship with Blaise, it required immediate action. In the end, it just seemed like the right thing to do so I did it. I saw Blaise the night before I left. He's doing very well. We seem to mirror each other a lot in the creative department. He is composing music for a film-maker in Dallas and soaring to new heights in his personal developments. We are both discovering ourselves artistically even though others discovered us in that area long ago. It's like we are just now beginning to accept what others have told us for years. We are going to follow up with each other every Wednesday. I'm working on my writing... a page a week or more. I finished "Way To Go Smith" by Bob Smith. I enjoyed it. I finished the last two Amisted Maupin novels, which were both quite good. I read "Glamourpuss" by Christian McLaughlin. I liked it so much that I bought it in hardbook when I found it in the used book store with Maggie and Duane. I continue to be obsessed musically with Sophie Ellis-Bextor. Her new single has a B-side called "Yes Sir, I Can Boogie," which intrigues me. I'll keep you posted. I received the Pet Shop Boys and Dead Or Alive greatest hits compilations for Christmas and have been listening to them. I was catching up on my old e-mail this evening because things were just crazy in December. I received an e-card from the Scotland Visitors Bureau. It was quite festive and made me smile. urlLink Check it out!

 I HAVE DISCOVERED MY INNER CHILD Last night, I discovered my inner child. I had a second piece of cake. My inner child, Jeffrey, wanted it. I call him Jeffrey because that what my mother always called me when I had severely embarrassed her with my behavior. The first piece of cake was adequately-sized for people over the age of 30 who do not want their waistlines increasing in size like the borders of the ancient Roman Empire. It was suitably paper thin . But no, Jeffrey wanted more. And he cut a big ol' honkin' slice to boot. All eyes were turned on me as I watched horrified as Jeffrey picked up the fork and shoved bite after bite of delicious cake into his mouth. It was like watching a car wreck. I try to keep Jeffrey under control. Especially after the incident at my last job. An older co-worker was always talking about being on a diet, yet she always seemed to be eating french, excuse me, freedom fries, cookies, candy bars, etc. One day, she came up to me at the copy machine and said, "I think I've lost some weight." She pulled her waistband out a bit to prove her point. Focusing on the complicated two-sided copy process, I did not realize the precarious hold I had on Jeffrey when he suddenly slipped away and said, "How do you know the elastic in your waistband didn't just give out?" Kids... what do you do with them?

 I'M MY FAVORITE EXCAVATION Something strange is going on. I've become aware how essential my blog is to me. I must blog on a daily basis. It's like breathing, eating, sleeping and some might even say, excretion. I've almost finished the Rebecca Blood book on Weblogs. It's dry reading, but she has some interesting insights that have got me thinking. I'm developing a better idea of who I am as an on-line identity and what I want to share. As I begin to have more free time, I think I may move my blog from blogger and design my own Web site with the Web design degree that I have and never use. I want to take it to the next level and review what links I have on my blog. They are representation of who I am. Do they really paint an accurate picture of who I am right now? Why am I motivated to do this? Is it the thrill of knowing that people are out there reading my most personal thoughts? No, AC already told me that he just reads my comments anyway. ;) No, my blog allows me to discover who I am and who I am becoming. It's like excavating through the sands of who I am to find buried treasure. Sometimes I'm not delighted at what I find, but I can recognize those things, make changes as necessary and let them go. Sometimes, I take pride in discovering new or forgotten things about myself and clean them up and put them on a pedestal. My writing is also improving. I need to post some of my writing on here. When I receive the camera, I'll add some of my photographs too. My blog has become my own voyage of self-discovery. What have you discovered through your own blogging?

 WHITE HOUSE DREAM My fascination with other bloggers is really kickin' in. I was visiting urlLink BMW: The Ultimate Blogging Machine this morning and enjoyed his post from 2/23/04. I believe he is describing a dream. You'll probably agree when you reach the end of the entry. Here is the post: So I'm at the White House in Washington D.C. and I'm walking around with my SpongeBob beach towel because I want President Bush to autograph it for me. I can't find him anywhere, but I recognize former Clinton Press Secretary Dee Dee Myers walking by me, so I say, "Hi Dee Dee." She looks at me thinking she knows me, but upon realizing that I'm just some tourist, she gives me a dirty look and keeps on walking. I catch up to her and tell her some lie about a child sick in the hospital with cancer that needs this SpongeBob towel signed by the president as his dying wish. She starts to take me seriously and tells me there is some big White House dinner this evening, and that she'll take the towel back to Bush to get it signed, but she wants me to wait in the Green Room. While I'm in the Green Room, I'm watching Tiger Woods being attended to by the makeup artist, when Paul Lynde and Kelsey Grammer walk by me. I see them look back at me and whisper to each other and Paul Lynde starts laughing hysterically.

 I'M BRAZIL You're Brazil! You're athletic, charming, and probably a good dancer. &nbsp;Unfortunatley, you don't really mind chopping down the rain forest, and you probably consider homeless people expendable in certain circumstances. &nbsp;Of course, your personality is so diverse that it's hard to track down exactly what you're like. &nbsp;You definitely like Pele, the World Cup, and shouting &quot;gooooal&quot; at the top of your lungs. Take the urlLink Country Quiz at the href="http://bluepyramid.org">Blue Pyramid

 DEATH BY E-MAIL I received an e-mail from my mother today. My Aunt G, my mother's sister-in-law, died on February 20th. It seemed like such strange news to receive by e-mail. She was my favorite aunt growing up. My sister and I would go over to spend the night and we would play Atari and watch cable and go shopping. Over time, I learned that Aunt G did not get along with my grandparents or her husband's sisters. They tried to be polite, but there was tension. Evidently my Uncle H married Aunt G because she was pregnant only to find out that she was infertile. When my grandmother died, my uncle had a falling out with his two sisters and we never talked to Uncle H or Aunt G again. My uncle believed that my grandmother had left a large sum of money and changed the locks on my grandmother's house and gave her jewelry to Aunt G. My mom and Aunt B felt as if their brother had died. Within ten years, Aunt B died too. At one time, I lived within a mile of Uncle H and Aunt G when I was in college. I never harbored any resentment against them, albeit I had been disappointed in the way my uncle had handled things. Still, if he had not, I would have never heard my mother tell him that she would blow his balls off with a shotgun. I think she was upset at the time. My mother's e-mail was bitter. It saddens me. After all this time, she has never let that pain go. She still carries a soft spot for her brother, but blamed all of his actions on Aunt G. I believe he is guilty of complicity. I wonder if she will contact him now? I wonder what Aunt G and Uncle H did for these last 20 years. I wonder how long it will take my mother to forgive my aunt and uncle? Not for them, but for herself.

 EVERYTHING YOU EVER WANTED TO KNOW ABOUT ELLEN DEGENERES' BROTHER, VANCE The other day I had a hankering to hear Middle Of Nowhere by House of Schock, which was the band fronted by Gina Schock, the drummer for the Go-Go's. I decided to look for the CD on-line and got googly wit it. I came across this Web site about urlLink Ellen Degeneres' brother, Vance . He's a really interesting guy. He was in the band with Gina. He appeared on national television in Mr. Bill on Saturday Night Live and was a correspondent on the Daily Show .

 HOW TO DEAL WITH A BIPOLAR BOSS When I worked for the insurance company, we had a director with no social skills. It was not uncommon for him to just suddenly turn on you in front of clients, which was preferable to him speaking of how he conquered his sexual addiction. (I will never look at a rest area in quite the same way.) People never understood how I could just let him sudden attacks on me roll of my back. Whenever he would blow up at me, I would simply imagine myself coming up the office late on a Saturday night/Sunday morning with my gym bag. I would whistle as I walked to my cubicle, remove all my clothes, put on my in-line skates and rollerblade around the office naked. Sometimes I would imagine myself with headphones, it depended on my mood. The whole evening came to a delicious finale when I skated into the director's office and sat in his leather swivel chair... without a towel. I would spin round and round and round until I finally came back to realty, smiled at him and walked off. It always worked for me like a charm. ;)

 BONUS THOUGHT I keep a lip balm in my medicine cabinet in the bathroom. I usually apply it to my lips, which are really dry, after brushing my teeth. I noticed for the first time that this lip balm has sunscreen. The irony made me laugh so hard that I snorted.

 I'M HERE AND YET STRANGELY FAR AWAY.... It snowed last night. I was up late tidying up the house for the appointment with M&A and the Creative Visualization meeting. Shortly before dawn, I woke up and had the inexplicable need to go buy a loaf of bread and a gallon of milk. I knew it had snowed. I hit the ground running and barely paid much attention to the snow. Fortunately, there wasn't much ice or sleet mixed in so driving was hazzard-free. I went to my closing and had the most delightful time. The seller was an older African-American woman, who seemed to have come from a well-to-do background. She wore a snazzy hat and was delightful. Her daughter was full of personallity. We talked and laughed. It has been such an intense past few days that I didn't even remember meeting Hilton at the realtor's office. I knew he looked familiar, but the past few weeks, and especially last few days, have been a blur. The attorney, Mark, did a fantastic job and you could tell that he and George have worked together before. I think George was quite pleased with the outcome of the purchase. He has been so supportive of us and I hope we can continue to work together. I left the closing with a lift in my step. I met 2F's for lunch at the Silver Skillet. You actually write your order on the ticket and the server picks it up for you. I had roast beef, green beans, fruit cocktail and dressing. I also had a piece of cornbread. It was not a low-carb moment, but it was good. I like cornbread when it has a subtle sweetness to it. I've been told that true southern cornbread is not sweet at all. Taking southern sweet tea into consideration, you would think it would be the other way around. During lunch I kept noticing 2F's freckles across his nose. They aren't that noticable, but they give him such a boyish appearance at 44. I hope that I look as good as he does at 40! By the way, my customer who was denied last Friday is closing tomorrow. The lender made it happen. We had everything but the condo certification this afternoon and I called the company and finally had to "break it down" for them to get what I needed. It finally arrived. The package will go out from the lender to the attorney's office tomorrow morning. I am so glad. I'm not making a lot of money off this loan. This is about helping someone get into a home. Sure, there are some crazy things about his situation, but he pays his rent and he deserves to own his own home. This should not have beent his hard, but it's done. I got into this business because I wanted to feel like I was helping people again and I felt it today and it was good. It just reinforces that we should never give up. There is a definite feeling that has been some divine intervention in the events of this week. I was wondering what Eureka was doing now and five minutes later she shows up and sits down in the seat in front of me. I'm calling my client to say there is nothing we can do when the head of underwriting walks up and says that she may be able to make it work. It's uncanny. All this time I kept confirming that it would be in perfect order and it now is. I met with my new clients tonight. They are about my age. As first time homebuyers, they are a little nervous, but they told me that they really felt comfortable working with me and that really trusted me. That was very moving for me. Ten years ago, I just wanted to be sexy. Now, I just want people to trust me so I can help them. What a paradigm shift! The Creative Visualization meeting was a little unorganized tonight. M&A were delayed a bit because they were signing some papers in George's office. Joanne has made some incredible progress in the past month. Her business is picking up at her current job and she has an interview with a new company. Her freelance work is picking up and she's lost 30 pounds since last year. She is our "Way To Go Woman" for the month of February! As usual, Sandra has everything in perfect order. She is truly an inspiration in discipline. Joan still struggles with negative fallout from the termination, but I see and hear improvement. I keep affirming that she has a wonderful new job that utilizes all of her talents and abilities in a fantastic location and earning a great income. If you think of her through out the day, remember the vision I have for her and add to it. My mind is very active tonight. My emotions are caged animals that pace back and forth inside my heart. There is something going on inside me that excites me and frightens me at the same time and I love it. I know I could tell you what it is, but I choose not to. I like a little mystery, a little intrigue if you please. The feeling might peter out if I told you about it. Ironically, it might just be the sugar crash from the cornbread this afternoon. Truth be told, my secret may contribute a tad to this feeling, but I know it's not all of it. I enjoy being a man of mystery. I've become concerned with my enthusiasm in other blogs. I've been clicking on various links I see on other blogs and reading the thoughts of new people in different places. I came across a guy in Sydney, Australia that I have quite a bit in common with and sent him a note. Maybe he will respond, maybe he won't. I took a chance. I've been commenting on Sometimes Happy a lot. I'm sure Troy is thinking, "Who is this guy and why is he leaving all these comments?" I would simply reply, "Because I felt like it." He posts some interesting things that set off chain reactions in my head that spark something that I want to say. One comment he made recently, it seemed that he was beating himself up for not putting into words something that he felt. However, it didn't come out the way he wanted to say it. Right now in this time of my life, blog means self-expression and I'm doing it. "Ooh don't let me start 'spressin' myself!" I want to know what other people think and feel. I'm fascinated with words and word choices. I feel like I'm having tea with someone dangerous. I wore a red button-down Polo shirt today. George asked if it was my "power shirt." I told him no. "It's the clean and pressed shirt." We laughed.

 I HAD THAT DREAM AGAIN LAST NIGHT I have this reoccuring dream from time to time and I had it again last night. It's like someone who works in your office building that you find attractive and you see on the elevator from time to time. It always starts out on Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco. It's late evening and foggy. There is a chill in the air, but it's not cold. The street lights have golden globe halos around them that leave a bread crumb trail along the edge of the streets. I follow them to a sidewalk cafe where an old Asian woman smiles at me from behind the counter. The Hansel and Gretel metaphor is not lost on me, but I smile back and order a cup of coffee. The paper cup warms my hand and the solidity of the mass of the cup and coffee sends a surge through every molecule in my body. I feel strange, but in a good way. It's as if a part of me is waking up from a long, deep sleep. It's what I imagine it must feel like when your astral body leaves your physical body during astral projection. I walk over to the railing of the pier. I gingerly sipping my coffee so that I do not burn my tongue and live with the consequences for several hours. When I hold the coffee close to my mouth, the aroma gently floats up my nose and soothes my olfactory muscles. The heat causes cultivates a bit of condensation on the lower part of my face. I do not know why I'm in San Francisco, but I'm comfortable being there. I don't live there, but I do feel at home. I don't know where I am staying or if I even know anyone in the city, but I feel comforted like a small child near his mother or father. I just sip my coffee and listen to the ships and seagulls and the activity of the shops along the pier. Although there seem to be no other people around, I'm not alarmed. It's funny, but I think I just figured out the meaning of my dream. Trust the flow of life and know that no matter what happens, you will always be taken care of. The people you need to help you will always appear when the time is right. I like this dream.

 BIC PENS ROCK! I recently bought a ten pack of Bic pens at CVS. I was inspired to make the purchase becaue they were on sale. Granted, the 17 cents I saved did not amount to much unless I had a pack a day habit, but I still receive a great deal of satisfaction from a sales purchase. I'm speaking of the pens with the clear, see-through bodys and the conical caps with a sliver of plastic on the end to keep it in your shirt pocket or between the cups of your bra. (I knew this girl, you see... uh, never mind.) I like these pens becaue they feel good in my hand. They are light. They run smoothly across the page. They look great. How many times have you seen someone writing with one of these fine writing utensils and thought to yourself, "My, now there is a good looking pen." I am partial to blue. I don't like black ink. It's nothing racial. I just like blue. It goes with my eyes. It's formal, but still casual. Black ink is stark and heavy with the scent of bankers. Blue ink is preferable when signing legal documents because you know immediately that it is an original document and not a copy. I once had a Bic pen with green ink. Green ink and I weren't as close back then, but we have grown more intimate over the years. Sadly, I do not know where my green Bic pen has moved onto these days. I hope he's doing well. You do know that colors, letters and numbers have gender. Black, blue and green are male colors. They aren't macho colors raging with testosterone. They just require an "el" in front of them while red, yellow, orange and white require a "la." Bic pens bring back so many memories from public school. Remember the excitement of receiving a brand new pen and wondering how long you could keep the cap before you lost it. It was just like the Workers' Compensation board in the Target break room during college. 2 DAYS SINCE LAST ACCIDENT. Who can forget the thrill of finding out your Bic pen had leaked ink all over your backpack, or for the more mature set, your satchel. Ah, memories....

 LET'S GET PHYSICAL, PHYSICAL, LET ME HEAR YOUR BODY TALK I slept really well last night and sprung up out of bed like a 13-year-old's libido. I drove to the office, met Robert and we went to meet Carol Lynn at some place we meet her for breakfast each month. Things are going well. We discussed some futher business directions. We're on the right track. She answered some questions we wanted to know about. We visited another lender and we may be able to save the purchase that I have written about recently. I'm keeping my fingers crossed. Today was one of those days where I wished I worked alone. I just felt like we were moving so slow. I had a ton of stuff to do tonight and I left the office late. I decided to go work out in spite of needing to do my taxes tonight. Once inside the gym, I discovered that I had no CD for my CD player, which will usually just send me home immediately. However, tonight I decided I could work out with no music to motivate me. I did my usual weight circuit. I saw people tonight that I had never seen before. I felt really good because my new eating habits are beginning to pay off. "Ooh don't let me start loving myself!" I may go run tomorrow before my seminar. I decided to go by Borders Books on my way home because I really need a book for ACT! 6.0, which is my sales contact management software. I know how to get around in it, but I'd like to do some more things like create custom fields and generate reports. I like to mosey around book stores. I looked at the new titles and once again remembered that I want to read some of the classics this year. Last year, I read The Great Gatsby and enjoyed it. This year, I want to read Dracula and Frankenstein . I looked to see if they had the Pet Shop Boys Pop Art DVD, but they did not. I'm saving my gift certificate to purchase that. I looked through the David Beckham book simply because I like to read gossip about him and Posh Spice. I'm fascinated by the way the British press reports their every move. It's like watching a car wreck... especially when he had those dreadlocks that made him look like a blonde Tootie from The Facts Of Life . Bill Phillips has published a new Body For Life spin-off book entitled urlLink Eating For Life: Your Guide To Great Health, Fat Loss And Increased Energy . I did the Body For Life program two years ago and achieved some results, but it's a bit hard to maintain. The recipes looked very tasty and easy to prepare. I may have to purchase a copy. I also noticed they had a copy of urlLink Swimming To Antarctica: Tales Of A Long-Distance Swimmer by Lynne Cox. When she was just 15 years old, Lynne Cox broke both the men's and women's record times for swimming the English Channel. She has also swam the Magellan Strait and the Bering Strait. As some of you may know, I'm fascinated by swimming and the sea. I also hate the cold. Therefore, I'm interested to read this book by a woman who has typically swam in very cold waters... without a shark cage! I visited the grocery store this evening and bought some low carb frozen dairy dessert. It is sort of like ice milk. I chose the cinnamon flavor because I'm a big fan of chocolate-cinnamon from Jake's Ice Cream. It's interesting, but certainly no substitute for Jake's. I considered buying an eggplant, but I'm not sure what to do with it. I think I'll look up some recipes before the next trip to Publix. It also occured to me that someone should invent low-carb mash potatoes. Would someone please get to work on this? Thank you. You're One Hundred Years of Solitude ! by Gabriel Garcia Marquez Lonely and struggling, you've been around for a very long time. Conflict has filled most of your life and torn apart nearly everyone you know. Yet there is something majestic and even epic about your presence in the world. You love life all the more for having seen its decimation. After all, it takes a village. Take the urlLink Book Quiz at the urlLink Blue Pyramid .

 LUNCH AT THE DISCO DINER Tim suggested that we have lunch at the Disco Diner on North Avenue today. I was a bit dubious about the quality of the food, but thought it might be fun. Even though the Atlanta Journal Constitution (AJC) gave it a horrible review, I figured that Tim was just the kind of person who it could be a fun experience with. The Disco Diner is in an A-frame building, which used to be an International House Of Pancakes (IHOP). It's painted eggplant and fuscia. On the inside, there are tiny mirror balls everywhere and old record covers from the 70's make a border along the top of the walls. I must say that the a-ha Train Of Thought 12" from 1986 does not match the theme, yet the poster of Linda Blair in Roller Boogie made up for it. A very pleasant woman with some remaininig teeth seated us in the back. A middle-aged black man was our waiter and he seemed to have a great deal of trouble taking our drink order, which consisted of two Diet Cokes. We perused the menu and pondered if we should go for the Shaft Burger and then throw caution to the wind and top it off with a Boogie Brownie . When our waiter returned with our drinks, Tim asked about the Atkins Combos that were displayed on the sign out front. Our waiter didn't know anything about them. It seems that when he mentioned that he just started today, he actually came in an hour or so earlier to fill out an application and was already waiting on tables. He fetched the pleasant, dental-challenged woman and she explained that while the Disco Diner advertised Atikins Combos , they didn't have them on the menu yet. You see, they were all upstairs. "You have food upstairs?" I asked. "No," she chuckled. "We have all of our Atkins Combo menus upstairs, but you can just order anything off the menu and we'll just slap an extra serving of meat along side of it." Tim and I decided on the Funky Chicken Salad with fruit salad on the side. The waiter had to read the menu to find out what this meant and after some study jotted down a detailed account of our order in more time than it took me to take my SAT test in high school. After he shuffled off, Tim and I chatted a while before I noticed something behind Tim. "Is that a bullet hole in the window behind you?" Tim turned around, stuck his finger in the hole and then said, "Yep. We're sitting in the safest spot in the place. Bullets never hit the same place twice." Comforting. After half an hour, half of our order arrived. Our fruit salad consisted of a bowl of perfunctory cantelope. In spite of the food and service, we had a good time catching up and singing along to classic disco hits like In The Navy , La Freak , Beethoven's 5th and We Are Family . On the way out, our snaggletoothed friend ran to the register, took our check and began to search desperately for the key to the register, which turned out to be a butter knife. The Disco Diner seems to have the latest in security. Tim and I were able to reformat the hard drive on my desktop this afternoon and we set it up at my desk again. The new ViewSonic flat-panel monitor is great. It's so big that I feel like I'm at the drive-in. Of course, now I'll have to spend the next week reinstalling software, but it's good to have my old keyboard back. I have missed my ten-key. I'm still feeling a bit down about the events of Friday afternoon. In our Quest class at church, Susan asked us whether or not we thought suffering was necessary. I said that it was because it is the challenges that we attract in our lives that help us shed the old skin and expose the new skin. It really resonated with me after I said that and I felt that there must be a link between the events of Friday and what I had just said. In other words, the situation that occured on Friday is one of those experiences that I must go through to get to where I need to be. I understand that logically, but there is still an after-taste of disappointment in my mouth.

 I AM A BOWLER OF ONE Several years ago when I was in art school, I took a graphic design class focusing on symbols with Mr. D. He was originally from Africa and asked to imagine coming to the U.S. for the first time and trying to make sense of the signs and symbols in the airport. Mr. D. had a strong accent so I found my attention wandering until I noticed that he kept referring to Christian singer, Amy Grant. I had no idea why. The connection between Amy Grant and U.S. symbol interpretation by non-English speaking visitors was not patent to me. Finally, another member of the class spoke up and asked what Amy Grant had to do with any of this. Mr. D. stared at her for a moment, his lips twitched to the left, then the right before her said to her with much emphasis, "Not Amy Grant, the singer! Em-ee-grant from nuther country!" Oh, that's something else altogether, isn't it? Mr. D. worked for an advertising agency. I believe he was the art director. His company was working on the Army Of One campaign for the U.S. Army. I always thought it was a neat perspective of challening the individual to realize his or her best. However, it also reminded me of the Bjork song Army Of Me , which was featured in the movie, Tank Girl . Tonight we went bowling with Tony & Thom. It was a fundraiser for the HRC. I started off very badly. I couldn't seem to get my approach right and when I released the ball, I swung to low and almost dug the lane up. I was throwing balls too far to the right, so I adjusted by moving to the right. Then I began throwing balls to the left, so I adjusted by moving to the left. I was becoming frustrated at myself for seeming incapable of getting it together. Tony made a comment to cheer me on thinking that I was upset at being in last place. I laughed and explained that I could care less about my score as compared to others. I was frustrated with myself because I knew I could bowl better, but for some reason was unable to do my personal best. I always like to challenge myself to do a little bit better each time. Finally, at the end of the second game, it all came together and I became Mr. Spare and Mr. Strike. There is a funny story behind bowling for me. I transferred from Tarrant County Junior College (TCJC) to the University of Texas at Arlington (UTA) and in my last semester before I graduated, I was advised that my Physical Education (PE) credits did not transfer. Therefore, my last semester of school consisted of two bowling clases and golf. I got pretty good at bowling. My highest game was a 188. I used to bowl with an Asian student who would just run up to the edge of the lane and dump the ball onto the lane as if she were throwing out radio active waste. One time she even got a strike! Anyway, today's experiences made me look at myself and evaluate whether or not I am trying for my personal best in all areas of my life. I'll need to reflect on this some more. What about you?

 OOH DON'T LET ME START LOVING MYSELF! I'm feeling a bit sad today. I was scheduled to close a purchase next week and the lender denied the loan at the last minute. This is the first time I've ever had this happen and I just feel awful. I had taken the loan application, checked with the account executive at the lender and then ran the information through the on-line underwriting system and received a pre-approval. Now two days before the closing the underwriter at the lender says they won't grant the loan. I got into this business to help people and I really feel like I let somone down. I'm meeting with another lender on Monday morning to see if there may be another way. Keep your fingers crossed because I'm not giving up yet. Ironically, after my political post from 2/18/04, my friend Gloria sent me an e-mail entitled Resume For A President , which lists all the singularities about President Bush that make him so special. All joking aside, I was appalled at some of the information in the e-mail. Granted, I'm assuming that this information is true and I have not researched any of it to verify its validity. If you would like a copy of the e-mail, post a request in the comments section or urlLink e-mail me. Joan came over tonight to discuss something that had been on her mind. It's amazing how our ability to communicate has improved over 16 years. I was honored that she valued my opinion enough to express what she had to say. And to think, our friendship almost ended when she ejected the Bananarama WOW! cassette out of my car stereo without permission and then went on to say that she really didn't care for Kim Wilde's spirited version of You Keep Me Hangin' On . Just imagine! Anyway, we were discussing how debilitating television can be and it made me think how astounded people are when I tell them I really don't watch television. I may watch an hour a month... and its purely chance. There is a story behind it, but I'll save it for later. This made me think of my friend, Steve, who chooses not to own a television because he will sit and watch it for hours. He tells people, "Jesus won't let me watch television." I was reading urlLink sometimeshappy this evening, which I decided to click on while visiting Eric's blog, Lost Somewhere In Texas . He mentioned that he chose not to own a television. Another coincidence? Probably, but it's more fun to speculate that fate was somehow involved. There is also an interesting story about Troy's co-worker. He has written some interesting things on his blog, which indicate a questioning mind and some amazing art work. If you have a moment, venture over and have a look. Speaking of artists, I have been hankering to visit urlLink Joe Phillips ' Web site. If you have never seen his work, you should take a sneaky peak of this former D.C. Comics' artist. I love his use of the gradient tool. My favorite thing is the urlLink Dancer . It's an animation of a club kid dancing to the Uncanny Alliance's I'm Beautiful Dammit! , which has been rerecorded by Bette Midler. It's an uplifting song about finding the beauty and value in yourself. "Ooh don't let me start loving myself!" My favorite line is where she says, "Uh-huh. Yes, I woke up today and discovered that I am fierce!" Aren't we all?

 GIRLS COME FIRST... On the way back from lunch today, Robert and I saw a license plate holder that said, "Girls come first..." On the bottom it continued, "In Girl Scouting." I don't know who the guy was in the SUV, but I found more satisfaction in imagining him to be a predator of young women than a henpecked husband. It also made me wonder what our cars say about ourselves to the rest of the world. I drive a 1995 Mazda Miata MX5 with a black top. It has a glass rear window, which is not original. Does this say that I am transparent? Does it imply that I like to look back and see where I've come from? I have a luggage rack that has a sticker on it that reads, "Holds up to 28 pounds." Does this indicate that I have felt burdened in the past or I am just a poser when it comes to suitcase support? I drive a red convertible. Does that imply that I'm going through a midlife crisis? (Gee, I am 36yo.) Does it imply that I'm looking for a young chick to make me feel young again? (Hey, maybe that's why that guy had the Girl Scout license plate holder!) My car rides low. Does this imply that I like to look up ladies' skirts? I have a kick ass stereo system in my car. Does that mean I am a Chicano drug lord or that just like to play dance music very loud to stay awake behind the wheel? I don't know. I love my car because it's fun to drive, I can get just about any parking space I want and I like to feel the sun and wind when I drive with the top down. It would be interesting to hear what other people think when they see you drive down the road. What do you think your car says about you? I went to the Billboard Web site and I didn't see Body Language in the Top 100 so it doesn't sound like sales faired too well in its first week of release for the singing budgie from down under. I went to urlLink www.kylie.com , you know, the official Web site, but there was nothing there either. I watched the video for her new single, Red Blooded Woman , and I wasn't very impressed. Where has my Kylie gone? What have they done with her? I don't care for this album as much as her previous work and I certainly don't care for her new Bridget Bardot look. She dates a French Man and look what happens?! I just want to walk over to her, slap those freedom fries out of her hand and help her smell the cappucino. I like the Queer Eye For The Straight Guy soundtrack. I was a little worried about how they are trying to milk the Queer Eye cash cow for all it's worth, but the album is very good. The Chemical Brothers remix of Kylie's Slow is the best remix of that song and I like several other songs on the album. I love the Jason Nevins remix of the Duran Duran song. That got me thinking today. I have finally grown into one of those middleaged folk that buys every new album by any pop star/band from their generation. Fleetwood Mac has been replaced by Duran Duran. I actually caught myself listening to lite rock today on the radio while I was going through the ATM. I was singing along with the Bee Gees as they asked me how deep my love was... and I liked it. I don't like to think about Maurice being dead. He was a staple of my childhood. I don't mind growing older, but I want my childhood celebrities to remain the same. I dream of happy land in my heart where ABBA is forever young, but I know in my head that they are not. A few years ago I picked up Angatha's autobiography, opened the cover, screamed and almost dropped the book. Time has not been kind to that woman... or she doesn't believe in moisturizer. It inspired me to go home and iron.

 THE TIME HAS COME I had one of those watershed moments tonight at my writers' group meeting. We were discussing how we keep ourselves motivated to write each day. I mentioned that I try to update my blog daily as it has allowed my writing to improve while stimulating my creative juices. However, I went on to add that I have noticed most of my posts tend to be a rugurgitation of the events of my day with a few of my odd mind wanderings to boot. I have realized over time as I have read other blogs, and from reading Rebecca Blood's book, that the more powerful blogs are the ones that are succinct and focus on one topic each day. I have wanted to begin writing in this format, but it's like changing your eating habits or giving up smoking. I kept saying that I would do it one day. Tim in my writer's group asked for my blog address this evening. I paused for a moment. My blog is such a personal thing. The matter of fact way he asked for it produced an emotional reaction inside of me as if I had been asked if I liked masturbating with sand paper. I gave him the address, but qualified it by mentioning that my posts tend to be daily diatribes. He mentioned that he is quickly bored with blogs like that and I instinctively knew it was the Universe's way of saying, "C'mon son, why don't you put that cigarette down?" So sports fans, tonight I embrace a life of brevity. I must admit that I have noticed some startling political opinons developing within my psyche. I've never believed that I should automatically be a Democrat based on sexual orientation alone, but some of the more vocal Republicans have effectively put up a roadblock that prevents me from siding with them either. I grow weary of each political party pointing a finger at the other and blaming the evils of our country on the other team. We vote for a candidate and whether we agree with all of their political views or not, once they are in office, we get everything the party stands for. It's a lot like ordering chicken fried steak that only comes with a baked potato and you can't substitute it for a healthy side salad for only a $1.95 more. Do we really want to choose a whole candidate based solely upon their position on gay marriage? Why can't we just vote on the right person for the job and have them just take care of the issue at hand? The ignorance of most voters in our country as they enter the polls frightens me. They go into the voting booth armed only with a few pieces of information they may have heard on talk radio, which may be more fiction than fact. We hear what each candidate says, but then we need someone to interpret the fact within what they said and compare that to their actions in the past. Even then, the information has probably been spin doctored by the "liberal media." And we all know what we read on the Internet is true. What is the answer? I don't know... and that's the part that really frightens me. Basically, the power lies within me, but am I strong enough to make the time to follow this election and educate myself. It's so much easier not to. If only it was instinctual like sex drive. We'd vote every 15 minutes. Random thought - As I was cleaning out the refrigerator tonight to make room for leftovers from the meeting, I found an old bottle of Bailey's Irish Creme. For some reason, I felt I had to reach out and touch the bottle and I smiled. It was like finding an old mumified lover in the back of your closet or under your sink. It brought back fond memories and I wondered, "Why didn't I keep up with this?"

 TODAY MY MOTHER TURNED 60 YEARS OLD I receive two more leads today. Things are looking good. My student loan will be paid off in no time and I'll be completely debt free. Woo Hoo! Robert was sick today so I got a lot done at work today. I worked on marketing. On my way home this evening, it occured to me that my life had changed so much between 1994 and 1996. In 1994, I had just moved out from living with Chris for four years. I moved in with Donald only to find out that my new roommate was a nudist with a penchant for lite rock lassies and reading biographies on presidential first ladies. Donald always kept the apartment in perfect harmony in case photographers for Better Homes & Gardens might show up at any moment. In Donald's world, there was no such things as "counter space." I had my second to last "growing experience" relationship that left me devastated. I began listening to Marianne Williamson and studying A Course In Miracles (ACIM). Two years later, most of my friends had moved out of my life and I had moved to Atlanta. The only person I knew was 2F's and I didn't even know him that well. He was busy volunteering for the Olympics and with out-of-town guests. Tonight I tried to remember what life was like in Dallas driving home at this time of night and this time of year. I can remember one instance where I was listening to the Pet Shop Boys Very album. (It's the one that looks like a big piece of orange Lego.) It's cold, but not horribly so. It's not quite warm. There is the anticipation of a change coming. I wonder what my life would be like now if I had not moved to Atlanta? Who would my friends be? Who would I be in a relationship with? Would I have a pet? What part of town would I live in? Where would I work? What would your life be like if you had chosen a different fork in the road ten years ago? Tonight was the GPNA meeting. I believe it was the shortest meeting I had ever been to. There was no drama. There were no protracted diatribes... even when visual aids were involved. (They always make me nervous.) I even received a compliment from the guy who took the minutes last year. We ate at Dakota Blue on our way home. Jeff from Canada had left a message on the machine. It's always nice to hear from him. He's rockin' with the Chemical Brothers. I called my mom and she had a lovely day. They went to Olive Garden for dinner. Her tryglycerides are high so her doctor put her on a diet. She has discovered Breyer's low carb ice cream and she is in heaven. You know you've grown up when you're discussing what you can and cannot eat with your mother. I'm still trying to get the gumption up to eat a bit of the cottage cheese in the refrigerator. My mother told me to try it with pineapple, but it's not on my approved list. I sent her a Harry Potter birthday card and she loved it. The woman adores the little bespectled wizard. I also sent her a gift certificate to PF Changs. The woman loves her lettuce wraps. Jefffifer sang happy birthday to her on the speaker phone and 2F's harmonized on the end. He knows that I always sing lead and do all the hand motions. We blend well. My writer's group meets at the house tomorrow and I could not be less prepared. 2F's took his book inventory upstairs. I need to clean the whole house tomorrow evening and prepare some nibbly things before they get here. I haven't even written anything to share tomorrow. Perhaps I'll work on Meet Mr. Martinez . For a bit of fun, I suggest that you check out the urlLink Landover Baptist Bible Sex Quiz Part III to find out if Middle Eastern men have large "external appendages" and great sexual prowess. I also received my first Entertainment Weekly today in the mail and the cover story is on Mel Gibson's The Passion. For an interesting companion piece, Landover Baptist has posted urlLink Five True Christian Questions For Mel Gibson . It's interesting reading. I'm also thinking about ordering a urlLink Vacation Bible Gun Camp bumper sticker or a urlLink The Last Time Jesus Showed Up At Church, They Killed Him baseball jersey.

 HOUSTON, WE HAVE DSL It's true. My DSL connection is back up and running. Even after sending my new DSL modem to my former place of employment, I was still able to reenter the fast-paced world of broadband. "Sing the lullaby of Broadband" Maybe not. To celebrate, I called 2F's at work and said, "Hey, gues what I'm doing on the other end of the phone?" He quickly gave a curt reply as if I was Danny Arrugio, his crack dealer, and hung up on me. I just wanted to tell him that now we could talk on the phone and surft the Internet at the same time. I felt inspired to listen to Gloria Estefan on the way to work today. I listened to her most recent greatest hits album with the updated version of Conga . Let me tell you, I didn't think I could control myself any longer. I switched to the Falco remix album and answered the age old question I ask myself whenever I find it in my CD collection: how come I never listen to this? Luckily, I bought it for a dollar. Then I listened to the second Bros album. Does it say something about my character when I enjoy the meteoric rise of a pretty boy band to the top in the late 80's only to watch them plummet to the depths of obscurity four years later like a Different Strokes cast member. I just know that Dixie Carter is going to rob a liquor store one day soon while Hal Holbrook waits in the el camino with the engine running. Anyway, it's not like Matt & Luke Goss, twins, had any real talent like Susan Lucci. Don't laugh! She may be a one trick pony, but to quote the Pet Shop Boys she has made such a little go a very long way. I think she's tremendous! It appears that I will be able to do something for my Spanish-speaking couple. I'm really excited about helping them. For lunch, I had a tuna fish salad wrap, which is an unusual choice for me because I am not particularly fond of tuna fish salad. This is mainly because 2F's puts pickles in it and I don't particulary find pickles to be a very clever idea. It's basically a mumified cucumber in formaldahyde. It was quite tasty. It came with a side cart of mixed fruit and a 20 ounce Diet Coke with a twist of lemon. Mmmm... delicious! Robert and I had an interesting conversation about goal setting today. He couldn't understand why we have not been able to accomplish more of our goals. I told him my theory is very simple, but two fold: set goal and then take action. I then went on to say that I planned to do severl things this week to generate new business and my plan was to do certain things on certain days... no matter what else came up. This works for me. I saw a glint of fear in his eyes. This is a brave new step for our boy, Roberto. He enters each day with a different agenda each day. It should be interesting, sports fans. I'll keep you posted. On the way home from work today, one of my former clients came to mind. I had met her at a networking event and I made a note to contact her. When I arrived home, she had sent me an e-mail at exactly the time I was thinking about her. Hmmm, we say.... I made Key West Salmon tonight. It was flavorful, but the not the best fish I've had. I made the artichoke salad again because 2F's liked it so much the other night. The salad and I were not one tonight, but I made my way through most of it. I had a refreshing glass of iced tea with a twist of lemon. (Do you see a pattern?) I ironed shirts while watching the Erasure Pop! The First 20 Videos compilation . I thought Andy looked best in the A Little Respect video. I also decided that the majority of their videos are rubbish, but should be required viewing for Homosexual Music Appreciation 101 . Ironically, I met Andy in a cowboy bar in Fort Worth while playing pool with my drama teacher from high school. He bought me my first Corona and impressed me by giving a drag queen a $100 tip. One of the people in our crowd asked how much he was worth and he told her $7,000,000. When Lindy asked a question, she was very serious about it. She was never pretentious so you always just told her the truth. Kent, who was a huge Erasure fan, really didn't give Andy the time of day. Afterwards, I drove Andy back to his hotel and we were discussing music. Madonna's Deeper And Deeper came on the radio and he said that Madonna should have given that song to Kylie. I mentioned that I liked the new Bananarama song, Last Thing On My Mind . He called them tired old tarts. I was glad to see the hotel entrance up on the right hand side. Andy went on to say that he had dinner with Dave Stewart and Siobhan when he was in L.A. He was fascinated by how their kids wore those flip flop shoes and he said that Siobhan was very intelligent. After that, I decided to actually stop the car before asking him to drag his carcas out of my passenger seat. Other than that, he was really a very nice fellow.

 "I THINK OF YOU ON SUNDAY AFTERNOONS" It was a lovely day today. I got up early and drove to church in the rain. I listened to Madonna's Erotica on the way as I just started Goddess: An Unauthorized Biography Of Madonna . My friend, Meredith gave it to me for Christmas and I've become fascinated with the author's theories on Madge more so than the Material Girl herself. Anyway, when I arrived, I discovered the blonde lady who usually goes off on tangents was leading our class this morning. She was very concerned that I had no paper to write on, but I assured her that I would be fine. She asked us to write down our thoughts about how we have affected other people in our lifetimes and what the world would be like if we had never existed. Dave mentioned that his ex-wife probably would not have gone on that cruise. Kitty (I love that name!) mentioned that her daughter would not have had a decent wedding. I mentioned that I feel that God has a purpose for bringing people together and if I had not existed, God would have sent someone else. It's a bit egotistical to think that I am the only man for the job. Granted, it might not be done in quite the same style as I would have done it, but it would have been done none the less. In my lifetime, I feel that I am focusing more on forgiveness and that might influence my response to another. Someone else may be focusing on trusting God to take care of him or her and that might color their response. Furthermore, we each carry a spark of God within us and God is experiencing what it is like to be on earth as we go through the events of our lives. Afterwards, I had a low-carb wrap at Subway and went to the bank to get some cash. I had a very strong feeling that I should go to the Wherehouse Music on Peachtree. For some inexplicable reason, I wanted to purchase a used copy of The Bridge by Ace Of Base. Lo and behold, the store is going out of business and used CD's are 50% off. I bought the Ace Of Base CD for a dollar and picked up a San Francisco Days by Chris Isaak and a cool Village People compilation with '93 remixes of Macho Man , YMCA , Can't Stop The Music and In The Navy . There is a feeling in the air that reminded me of several years ago when I purchased a copy of Vanessa Daou's Zipless album. She is married to the nephew of Erica Jong and they put several of her poems to music. It's very sultry, acid jazz/dance music. There is a song called Sunday Afternoons , which is about a woman who writes at her desk remember a gentleman caller who visits her every Sunday afternoon and makes love to her. It's a sexy song with a choice word or two. It's a very cool album. Elaine came over and I helped her with some of her assignments for her on-line Master's course. It was pretty interesting. I'd like to get my Master's degree that way. We came across www.thehonestthief.com. It has an interesting story behind it. Check it out! After Elaine left, I did laundry, walked down to CVS to buy a paper and then came back and read it on the couch in my sweats. It wasn't even dark yet at 6:00pm. There were editorials in the AJC about how the FCC should not exercise censhorship, Abe Lincoln was spiritual but did not belong to a Christian church and the bruhaha over The Da Vinci Code . I've always been interested in the early Christian Church and read a lot about it back in 1995. I was doing some more reading in the literature that Susan Tramell gave us at last week's new member orientation. I was surprised to find that Unity is not a new thought church. I'm not sure where I got that in my head. Granted the focus is more on living the principles that Jesus taught than fixating on the crucifixtion. There's a lot to mull over. Yesterday was a good day too. Carmen came down and we drove around the corner to take a loan application for the Spanish-speaking family. There were a nice family, but translating slows things down. It took three hours. I'll need to do more research to find out what programs they qualify for. I hope I can help them. Oddly enough, they were the family that bought 2F's old entertainment center at the yard sale in 2000. Small world! I went to Wholefoods yesterday because I decided to make a Valentine's Day dinner since 2F's and I decided to stay in. Wholefood's is always a challenge for me because you walk in and it feels like you're in a head shop as the pungent smells of incense overpowers your nostril holes. It was crowded, but I found that if I parked my shopping cart in dairy and ran over to produce on the other side of the store, I could easily shop without a buggy altercation and work in some cardio at the same time. Sadly, Wholefoods did not have orzo pasta. I wasn't sure what it was so it was hard to make a substitution. Baking chocolate was also out of the question. Finally after an hour and a half, I checked out and drove another block to Kroger, which has begun to look really run down. I drove slowly behind the shopping cart attendant and pressured him into running up hill with a full shopping cart train. I almost felt badly about it, but he looked like he needed the exercise. I easily found orzo, which looks like rice. I had a wide selection of baking chocolates and some small baking pans. I came home just in time to start dinner. So much for writing yesterday afternoon. Things went very well. I took it one dish at a time and it was done in less than two hours. I baked a small cake, made breaded green beans, an artichoke salad, orzo mushrooms and champagne chicken. It all tasted FABULOUS! And I don't use the "F" word lightly, friends. I amazed myself. 2F's ate heartily and Buddy salivated from below the table. The deep chocolate raspberry cake was good, but it just tasted like a really rich brownie with raspberries. I found a little hot Hershey's syrup livened it up. Shortly after, I passed out when 2F's suggested that we finish off the bottle of champagne. I'm such a lightweight for bubbly! So what did y'all do?

 MISSING TIME IN MY WORLD Today flew by for me. It was a light day. Robert was a whirlwind of manic energy. We were having a conversation and I mentioned that I felt I had worked really hard this week and he made a comment as if I was complaining that I had worked too hard and this is the type of week he wants to have every week. I had thought about clarifying the matter, but then realized it wasn't that important to me. I like it when there is a third party around because Robert mentions all the exciting things that we are doing. Sometimes it's the first time I have heard about it too. However, a lot of what Robert says never happens anyway. He's come a long way since his anxiety attacks last summer, but I'm beginning to notice that my speed is a little more subdued and consistent. One of our realtors that had contacted us to work with us exclusively. He rescinded his offer. It seems his loan officer is no longer quitting the business and he's going to stay with him. Oh well, things happen for a reason. I finished work today here at home. I decided that I wanted to create an Excel spreadsheet that would automatically calculate all the mortgage information. I'm having problems programming partial interest and APR. I'm really impressed with what I have done, but my mind is fried. I had planned to do a lot of things tonight. I worked on this spreadsheet for hours. 2F's informed me that all the images I have scanned need to be rescanned twice the dpi that I scanned them at. Ugh! After I finish this, I'm going to take a break from the historical committee. I want to devote more time to my writing. Tomorrow I am meeting with a Spanish-speaking family to take a loan application. We'll see how this goes. I was thinking about my friend, Blaise, today between Piedmont and Peachtree. After some careful consideration, I have decided that I prefer not to have a tail and will no longer resist evolution... even though it is not allowed in the Georgia Public School ciriculum.

 HOT DAMN, I HAVE A BICYCLE! Mark came by tonight and brought me his old bicycle. I'm jazzed. I've been wanting to buy a bike, but unsure of how much I wanted to spend. To get a really decent serious bike, you need to spend at least a thousand dollars, if not more. Fortunately, there was no basket with plastic daisies that I had to cut off the front. Some people would be intimidated by the fact that there is no seat, but I'm sure I can get one at a bike shop or just tie a piece of frozen brie on top to sit on. I'm looking forward to getting it in shape and finding out how serious I want to become with biking. I fell in love with inline skating again last spring and really didn't find much time to go to the skating trails. I really think inline skating outdoors should be done in a thong with breast implants, but I'll make an exception for myself. Who has time for breast implants? The upstairs furnace has gone out again. This means we are sleeping downstairs tonight. It was a good excuse to clean off my bed. Of course, I have to be careful where I put the stuff that was on the bed. You just can't throw it on the floor because 2F's gets up during the night. I haven't received the approval on that large insurance policy for him yet so.... He was so cute this morning when he left for work. He had on his little white shirt and little patterned tie with his little bitty glasses that make him look so cute. Tonight he was in the living room organizing his books for his store in his little bitty glasses and he looked so cute. That reminds me. 2F's is pretty focused on whatever project he is working on. He will interrupt the conversation to announce that he received divine inspiration on how to caulk that window upstairs that has been causing him to lose sleep. He will stop in the throes of passion to ask, "Do you think I should have a section for romance novels about schizophrenics?" I suppose that is why he is so successful. Today was not a good Robert day for me at work. I was busy putting together two files for a lender we have not used yet. It's a good file, but I had to make sure that I addressed any detail that the underwriter might question. Robert was in a chipper mood. He whistled. He asked me questions every few minutes or commented on everything. He drummed out percussion solos on his desk. Typically, nothing phases me, but today, I was a bit more sensitive. Is that Robert's problem? No. I should be able to let these things slide, but today I did not. So it was. At lunch, he asked me, "So do gay people celebrate Valentine's Day like heterosexuals?" I looked at him blankly and replied, "Yes, we all put out in hopes of receving jewelry." I keep forgetting that I'm his tour guide through the Gay Lesbian Bisexual Transgendered (GLBT) Universe. I like to say GLBT. It sounds like a specialty sanwich at TGI Fridays. After several months, I am beginning to appreciate Kylie's Body Language more, but it's still not my favorite album. It's sort of like Urban Kylie or R&B Kylie, which I could just say Urb Kylie or Rub Kylie for short. Perhaps not. I think I'll like it better if I learn the lyrics to the songs. I'm a big sing-a-long guy in the car. Why somedays I get so into the music, that I wouldn't be surprised if a hand reached up from the back seat and handed me a tambourine. Which would be rather interesting considering that I drive a Miata MX5 convertible... without a backseat. Mark made me some CDR's and he gave them to me tonight when he dropped off the bike. I'm quite excited to listen to the Dandy Warhols because I love Bohemian Like You . He made me a copy of Bryan Ferry, Dead Can Dance and something called Euro Trash. Maybe it was Euro Traxx. It's all good. Since I could not obtain a reservation to the restaurant of my choice for Saturday, I'm going to cook dinner instead. I went to the urlLink All Recipes.com Web site and planned my romantic dinner for two. We're having Champagne Chicken, Orzo with Mushrooms and Walnuts, Salad with Artichokes, Green Beans with Bread Crumbs and Deep Chocolate Raspberry Cake with Jerry Matthers as the Beaver. No, really... skip the Beaver! Come to think of it, wouldn't Leave It To Beaver be a great title for a lesbian skin flick? I'm sure it has already been made. Anyway, this is a great resource because when you find the recipe you want, you can change how many servers you need and it will automatically adjust the ingredients. I spent a lot of time tonight reading some helpful articles on how to cook a live lobster and shuck an oyster. Knowledge is power! I cleaned my home desk off tonight. I found a mysterious box behind the filing cabinet when I crawled behind my desk to pick up the pens that fell behind the desk. I wonder what it is? On a whim, I decided to finally start that second blog. No, it's not the Jefrotica blog. It's better. Yes, it's the Bananarama Tarot blog where you can have your fortune read every day with the assistance of British girl group: Bananarama. Go urlLink here to receive your daily reading.

 WATER, WATER EVERYWHERE... I used to drink a lot of water, in fact, about 70 ounces a day. Then I started my career in the mortgage industry and Diet Coke seemed to enter in my life. I was working late and she was in the office with me wearing that shiny little can. I noticed that H20 and I had become estranged. I would come home and find it sitting on my desk where I had left it that morning. "Where you been?" "Work." "I've missed you." "Yeah." "You don't drink me much anymore." "Don't start." "Is that neutra sweet I smell on your lips?" "Hey! I just need... some space, you know." "I just sit here alone by myself. Trying to remember what it felt like to have your lips on the rim of my glass-" "Hey! This is a family blog. Show some respect." I'm drinking more water these days and the soft drinks are caffeine free. I just like a little fizz fizz now and then. Know wha' I mean?! I had sent Jeff of the Great Far North an e-mail with the letter from the State of Michigan about the beavers. His dam reply made me laugh. I don't know where Ray found the story, but it was quite humerous. Jody turned 31 or 32 or 34 today. I had heard she didn't want to make a big deal out of it. I decided to stop and buy her a rose and birthday card on my way to work because she always takes care of all of us. I arrived and there were a dozen roses in a box by her desk. I looked at my little rose from Publix and left it on her desk. Good Lord, who would have thought she would have been so moved by that little flower. I'm glad we could make her day. The whole office went out to eat at PF Chang's for lunch because Jody had never been and we had a great time. It was Robert, Gail, Chris, Patty, Jody and myself. We laughed and laughed and ate some more. Went by R.'s apartment today to sign some additional paperwork for his purchase. I have ordered most everything and we should be able to submit the file to the lender soon. I asked him for two additional letters of explanation to cover every possible scenario that the underwriter might question. When I left, he thanked me and said that I had gone above and beyond the call of duty for him and he really appreciated it. You know, that's why I got into this business. It made my whole day worthwhile.

 STANDING ROOM ONLY IN HELL OR SELF-MANAGEMENT OF THE MIND Yesterday I went to church for two reasons: new membership class; and to have my photo taken for the church directory. I actually arrived half an hour early. I started to lash out at myself for wasting a precious half hour of time, especially after being sick and losing all of Sunday's productivity, but I just chilled. I was able to spend some time talking to our instructor, Susan Trammell. She has the most interesting hair. It's short, straight and silver. The class was good start. Most of it I had already read on my own, but it was interesting to hear everyone's spiritual coming out stories. I mentioned that my first conflict with organized religion occurred when I was four or five. I grew up in the Church of Christ and my grandmother gave me the 411 on the fact that everyone but the Church of Christ was going to Hell. Even my best friend Ronald, the Catholic, who lives next door? Especially Catholics! I remember thinking, "Ooh... that's rough. I don't know that I can buy into that. I mean, would the Fire Marshall really approve of standing room only in Hell?" Needless to say, the doubt within me always kept me looking over my shoulder for Satan to come snatch me away to Hades for not being a true Christian. I was baptized at 18 because my mother was afraid that I would be in a car wreck and die and go to Hell because I had not been baptized. Preacher Carl and I climbed into the tank in wading boots, he dunked me and brought me up. My mother teared up at this great spiritual moment in my life. Then I put my arms in the air like Nadia Coma-neech and went, "TA-DAH!" I had some interesting things happen in my late teens that inspired a reconnection with the divine, but in a non-traditional way. I went through many different churches during my 20's and early 30's, but none of them felt right. I guess you could say that I was a "religious swinger." I was going to church with 2F's. It was a quaint little Methodist church and I lvoed the people, but they were being moved to put their hands in the air and sway with the Holy Spirit. My hands didn't go into the air unless I was in a club and were being moved by the holy spirit of Cher. I could almost lip sync the entire service. Pray. Sing archaic hmyn here. Say Lord's Prayer here. Announcements. Preacher tells jokes for too long and only has three minutes for sermon. I felt bad one day when Ms. Martha got so excited by the strange far away look on my face at the end of a service. She hugged me and was so proud that I had finally come under the influence of the Holy Spirit. I just didn't have the heart to tell her that my pager had gone off on vibrate mode at the end of the service. So I decided to give Unity a try and it just felt like home. Almost everyone said that it felt like home. At the end of class, I went upstairs for my photo session with Olan Mills. Arlan was my photographer. He was a crotchety old man who seemed to lust after a donut and a good cup of coffee. I think there may also have been a post-doughtal cigarette involved as well. Anyway, a Reba McEntire lookey-likey helped me view Arlan's artistic interpretation of me. The first shot looked as if a dog had run up and stuck its cold, wet nose in my behind as Arlan took the picture. The others weren't much better. Arlan adjusted my hands, legs and neck as if I was an illustrated example of what not to do in yoga. The one exposure that was good was taken right after Arlan said, "Jef, think about your girlfriend." I almost swallowed my tongue laughing. After an extensive explanation of papers, canvas and frames, Reba was trying to sell me some additional prints, which I was interested in purchasing for my family. However, every time she opened her mouth, the package shrank from one 8x10 to two 5x7's to 12 wallet size. The price changed too. One time it was $79 and then $112. I couldn't keep up. I eventually told her that I had a previous photo session two weeks ago with the former photographer for the State of Georgia and I preferred those. How many people can say that? I could not go to to sleep last night. I tried to finish typing minutes for the January GPNA meeting, which I was horribly behind in doing. In fact, there are many things on my desk that I'm behind in doing. I could use a couple of days at home. Tomorrow and Thursday are full days with telemarketing in the evening. Today I met someone that I thought I would like to get to know better if I were single. He's a really nice guy, very down to earth. It's nice to know that everything is still working. Sometimes you get so wrapped up in day-to-day life that you lose touch with that side of your self. Now, please do not start making masturbation puns because I said "touch" and still working doesn't imply erectile dysfunction. I'm just saying that I had that enthusiastic feeling again like when I first met 2F's. There are no problems at home. In fact, I think some gay men ofen times mistake a feeling of rapport for sexual attraction or love. I think it is more of a feeling of kindridship. [Is that a word?] It's a feeling of commonality. That's really a better word for it. When I think back to it, this person walked into my office and got really close into my personal space, smiled and then introduced himself. My reaction was, "Whoa! You are too close to the vehicle. Please sit down." Now that I look back on it all, I don't think relationship status has anything to do with it. When you meet someone who has a great outlook on life, you want to spend time with that person instead of someone who ends every sentence with "-from hell." Somone else had an effect on me today. I found myself feeling betrayed, angry and even a bit jealous of someone that I don't even know. As soon as I felt the emotions well up inside of me, I thought, "This is so irrational. I refuse to participate in this madness. I'm taking my ball and going home." Then I remembered something that Susan had written on the dry erase board last night: self-management of the mind. I realized that my emotions may have not been justified, but it was what I felt and perhaps I should just feel it. So I did. I noticed that it made me want to change what I wrote on my blog, which is so unrelated. I don't know what the old blog is going to be like over the next few days. I may be in transition, but I'd rather be in Australia.

 I’VE A FEELING WE’RE NOT IN KANSAS ANYMORE I’ve been sick today. Actually, I began to feel under the weather yesterday about 6:00pm, but thought that I would feel better once I ate something. Yesterday was busy. I worked most of the day on the files I plan to turn in Monday. February is looking to be a very good month in regards to business. In the first week, our amount of business tripled. Woo hoo! I was also able to give a friend my writer’s group some good news about his loan for his first home purchase. That’s always a good feeling. I was in the laundry room yesterday, when the phone rang. I heard 2F’s yelling from upstairs and ran into the den to pick up the phone. It was Paul saying that he and Boo, AKA Andrew, but not as much fun to say, were leaving to go to Doug’s party. I finished folding laundry and 2F’s came down stairs and asked why I didn’t come upstairs when he yelled. I thought he was trying to get my attention to answer the phone, but in actuality there was no soap in the shower and he didn’t have a towel. I changed clothes and then he was angry with me for not being ready to go. I didn’t know we had an exact time to be ready and didn’t feel good, so I dropped it. Doug is a friend of Paul. They are both professors at a local university. They are vessels of knowledge regarding public policy. I’m not sure what that means per se, but Doug teaches economics. He is an affable guy who loves soccer and beer. He is one of those guys that you just want to be your best friend. He and Paul have been friends for a year or two and that’s how Jefffifer was introduce to Doug. There was a sizable crowd at the party when we arrived. The kitchen/dining room/computer command center was upstairs. I went downstairs to sit. I thought that if I just rested a bit, I might feel better. There was a couple on the sofa. He was from India or Pakistan I believe and she was a red-headed American. She just gave birth to their second child on New Year’s Eve. The older daughter was involved with a piece of bread that seemed to take her through many ever-changing moods. I listened to the husband speak in the familiar sing-song accent and wondered what it must be like to hear someone like me try to speak his language. Do Americans have our own sing-song accent? If so, is it country & western, rock & roll or Broadway? A few minutes later, another professor that Doug works with sat down and we began chatting. Her name is Michelle and she lives in East Atlanta, which is the neighborhood next to Grant Park. She is originally from Austin and we were talking about Texas, her mother who originally financed her home at 12%, but doesn’t want to refinance because it would mean she would have to find a lot of paperwork and the house Michelle and her husband are renting in East Atlanta. She was talking about looking to buy a home and I was about to give her my business card when Jeff called me upstairs to eat something. I had some grilled chicken. Doug kept trying to offer me beer and popsicles. I think he might have been a wee bit drunk. He was playing various CD’s in his changer and I lit up when I heard Kirsty MacColl’s In These Shoes . We instantly bonded over the song and I will name my first born Doug. He even knew she had been killed while swimming with her children off the coast of Can Cun. Then we moved on to other topics. I remember something about me being an honorary scapegoat and something being blamed on me. Some people are just too cute when they are drunk. Paul was in rare form last night. Paul is a friend of 2F’s that he made through work. It is interesting to note that Paul did not know about me for several months, but once we met, it was love at first sight. He is my verbal sparring partner. Or is conceptual sparring partner? We wax on about spiritual matters. He finds my obsession with all things Bananarama and Kylie to be intriguing if not disturbing. He owns a horse and can be found often times tripping the lights fabulous with Boo at Hoe Downs. There was an interesting girl at the party last night. We were never properly introduced, but I remember she made note of my lightening fast thought process which can connect two completely unrelated topics at light speed. 2F’s said, “Welcome to my world.” I told her that 2F’s sometimes gets frustrated with trying to follow my mind sometimes. We were discussing Outkast’s Hey Ya! and I mentioned that it reminded me of the Beatles Twist And Shout . She couldn’t agree. I felt a bit self-righteous when I read an interview with Outkast in the Atlanta Journal Constitution (AJC) that described this ditty as Beatlesque. I had no idea that this track was formed while driving around Interstate 285. I forget how much music is created here in Atlanta. Speaking of Outkast, we watched a download of a video called Hey Ya, Charlie Brown! If you haven’t seen it, you should do a Google search for it. It is made up of various scenes from the Peanuts Christmas special set to the Outkast’s Hey Ya! The editing is phenomenal. After we left, 2F’s is angry with me. He thought that I spoke unkindly about him regarding being frustrated with following my thinking process. He then brought up the soap and towel incident. I told him that I still didn’t feel well. He thought I was trying to change the subject, but it was just a heads up in case I blew chunks there in the car. I was not feeling romantic last night. I woke up in the middle of the night feeling the imminent feeling of an impending vomit session. I remembered once that if you feel nauseated, you should visualize the color orange. I did and felt better. After about half an hour, I felt bad again and made the trek to the bathroom to projectile vomit into the toilet. I waited, belched and then felt better. 2F’s woke and gave me some Peptol Bismol and a cold wash cloth, which I had actually been craving for some time. He is so sweet… even if he sometimes becomes frustrated with trying to follow my train of thought. I went back to bed and felt much better. This morning my stomach felt better, but I felt achy and slow. I hung around the house and then went to the grocery store. I’m moving into the new stage of the South Beach Diet where I can have fruit again and some pasta and bread. I almost thought I wasn’t going to make it home. 2F’s had gone to his niece’s birthday lunch. I sent a cook book to her because she is starting to do catering. 2F’s said it was a hit. I made some Campbell’s chicken noodle soup for lunch along with a piece of toast with mozzarella cheese, a Jell-o sugar free strawberry Jell-o cup and a Diet Sprite. I felt exhausted and went to lay down. I read a little from a book that I bought while I was home for Christmas. I had actually bought this book for Kent back in 1986. He really enjoyed it and gave it to me to read. I didn’t remember much about it other than it was quite funny. The book is I’ve A Feeling We’re Not In Kansas Anymore: Tales From Gay Manhattan by Ethan Morden. My reaction has been interesting. The characters are from the late 70’s although the book was published in 1983. It was a different gay world back then. The fact that they lived in New York resulted in further differences I’m sure. All in all, I can remember that book depressed me when I originally read it. I must have been 19 or 20 tops. It painted a very cynical look at the gay world in some respects. I am happy to report that my life did not turn out to resemble the book at all. It’s actually a very good document of history and Morden’s writing style is quite enjoyable. I was a little disturbed by references to life being over after 30 since I’m 36. Excuse me, but I’m just getting started. There is one passage from the Mute Boy that I would like to share with you. Here it is: “Right,” I said, after we had walked on a bit. “I’ve been in New York for seven years and I’ve seen, I think, everything. But did that really happen?” Mac shrugged benignly. “He gave you a quarter!” “People like me,” Mac wrote. “I’m nice.” “What’s the secret of nice?” I wondered aloud. “Forgiving,” he wrote. Finally, I came across two poems that I wrote several years ago. Einstein is one I wrote about Mark, whom I sort of dated back in 1994. We lived in the same condo complex and it was a very strange relationship. I think there may have been alcoholism in his family because he was the most emotionally unavailable person I ever met. In fact, his heart was like a black hole. However, he was a very nice guy. That’s why I kept hanging on. It ended after I ran into him at a viewing of the aids quilt with his other boyfriend. I wrote this poem a few weeks later as I tried to make sense of it all. Einstein I don’t know much about love In fact, The more I love, The Less I know I know it is forever Though we go our separate ways Love is matter And matter can never be destroyed I thought our love was solid, But it must have turned to gas Perhaps we should have been more fluid I sometimes with I could dig Einstein up And give him a trim and comb his hair I’d say, “Albert! Albert! What is the meaning of love?!” But I guess he would just lay there Trying to get an answer out of Einstein, Is like wringing water from a stone The water is your love for me And your heart is the stone You don’t have to be Einstein To know you don’t love me anymore I don’t know much about love, But the more I love, The less I know The other poem was one I wrote was for my friend Joan back in October of 1996. Her mom had just died after struggling with both lung and then brain cancer. It’s how I imagined I would feel if I were in her shoes. I thought I would share it with you here since Marti, her sister, had written about her mother on her blog, Ramblings Of A Redhead. 11:15 It’s 11:15 and my mother just died Passed away to the other side And although I’ve mentally prepared myself for weeks I know my heart is slow to comprehend Perhaps one day it will catch up with me As I’m driving down the road to some happy place I’ll pull over to the shoulder and sob violently As my whole body shakes While bent over the steering wheel I’m glad she’s out of pain, But there is a selfish part of me that still wants my mommy To take care of me when I don’t feel well And kiss my skinned knees And be there for me when the world is a cold place to live in Photographs don’t do her justice She has to be live, not Memorex I’m exhausted from staying up all night with her And the weeks of waiting and wondering when, But my mind is still racing And there’s no way on earth to escape her memory Holidays are unfathomable The idea of life without her is awkward Like adjusting to a new piece of furniture And learning how to maneuver around it I must have said, “I love you!” a million times, But now I wonder if a million was enough It just occurred to me that the Grammy’s were tonight. I wonder if Kylie won for Come Into My World ? Her Body Language album is on sale in all the big stores this week for $9.99 with two additional tracks not on my Australian copy. Gotta have it! The Queer Eye For The Straight Guy soundtrack is also on sale for $9.99. I think I’ll have to get that as well because it has the Chemical Brothers remix of Kylie’s Slow and a Fischerspooner Vs. Billy Squier track. I just checked CNN.com. Kylie won! YEAH!!! Life is good.

 ABBA-DABBA-DOO! First, it started with the Bangles. I had an inexplicable urge to listen to their Greatest Hits album. (It's a short one.) Then yesterday and today, I can't quit listening to ABBA. I've been hitting repeat on The Visitors, The Winner Takes It All and The Day Before You Came. It was a gentle day. I took an application with Mr. G., the realtor today. He cracks me up. He always calls me "Baby" or "Sunshine" or "Doll." He also cusses a lot in a pleasant way. "The godammed government is always fuckin' screwin' me up the ass, sunshine!" We received another lead today from another realtor. This may be our record month. Went to dinner with Tim tonight. 2F's, Tim and I went through Marshall's. 2F's was looking for shoes. I found a cook book with 1000 dessert receipe, which includes three or four for different types of pavlova, which is one of my favorite desserts. Since I am on a restricted diet right now, I wonder if I look like a guy with Penthouse as I look at the pictures of the various desserts. We had dinner at Rock Bottom Brewery and I had the grilled chicken cashew salad, which was very good. Afterwards, we came home. 2F's has gone to bed. Drew wrote about a sign on a carwash today on his Not Enough Drew In The World blog. It reminded me of a sign that is on the front of Backstreet, which is a popular gay club in Atlanta. It states, "All deliveries in rear." It makes me laugh every time. Goodnight, Sunshine!

 ATLANTA JEWISH FILM FESTIVAL I apologize for not posting last night. After telemarketing, Robert and I talked for a couple of hours. By the time I got home, I sat down for a second and I was fast asleep. I picked up the contact sheets from our photo session. They looked good, but I'm not particularly interested in seeing pictures of myself. However, I was told that I am very photogenic. Whatever! I attended a really good marketing session today. I'm looking forward to utilizing what I learned. 2F's said that the creator of Cabbage Patch Kids was at the capitol today. Ironically, so were the Right To Life groups. Makes you think, doesn't it? I met 2F's tonight at the Atlanta Jewish Film Festival to see Yossi & Jagger, which is a film about two gay soldiers in the Israeli army. It was very interesting, but the Jewish American Princess (JAP) who kept talking and sighing through the movie was not. There is one soldier that is very closeted in the movie and one that is not. After the closeted one scolds the more open one, 2F's put his hand in mine and set it on my lap where people could see. Either the movie influenced him or I had a date with a pod person tonight. I opened a book up this evening and found a prescription for amoxicillian from last June. I guess I should take it in.

 "NO MORE NASTY NOSE HAIRS!" I received an e-mail from Kathleen Williams wth the above caption in the subject line. I do not know Kathleen, but she got my attention. Today was a long day. I was in the office by 9am and out by 9:30pm. More loans are coming in. Robert and I did the power struggle dance today, but we ended today on a good note. Telemarketing did not go so well. Tomorrow is a new day. 2F's was out tonight having dinner with a friend and arrived home at 11:30pm. I think he had been drinking because he was being exceptionally silly. He asked why I was watching the David Lynch version of Dune on the Sci Fi channel. I replied, "Because I can." I had just been flipping channels, but I just wanted to watch it through from that point. However, I need to rent the movie and and watch the whole thing one day. Ironically, the Sci Fi Channel showed a very good miniseries of Dune a couple of years ago. I did some ironing tonight while I watched The Go-Go's: Live At The Greek . Boy, 1984 seems just like yesterday. Jane Wiedlin looked perturbed a lot. I guess it was the same time she was planning to leave the band for a solo career so she could finally sing her own damn songs. Afterwards, I went online to see if I could find the video for Totally Go-Go's , which is a much better concert. I found three, but they were of dubious quality. Before Bananarama, there was the Go-Go's. I've almost finished the weblog book and then I will move onto the book on how to host a salon. The DSL modem arrived today... at my former job. Why? I don't know. I did not give them that address. I wasn't asked either. I guess I'll try to go by and get it tomorrow. D. came by today. He's a pretty courageous guy. After many years, he is finally embracing recovery from alcohol and prescription drugs. He made a close friend with another guy at the group. They went to movies and played sports together. They guy called him on Friday to tell D. that he loved him like a brother. A few days later, D. went to pick up his friend to take him to their support meeting. Come to find out, the guy shot and killed himself. He had been struggling with depression. If you have a moment, have a kind thought for him.

 LONELINESS IS NOT WRITING ENOUGH It was icy and cold this morning. Jeffifer had hoped that it might snow or sleet so that we wouldn’t have to work today. However, the gods dealt a meteorological snake eyes instead. I arrived at work and waited for Robert. We were starting the big program today. He arrived after the time we were supposed to start, but he had a lot of good leads that had occurred over the weekend and we followed up on them. Robert gave me direction and I responded in a different way. Instead of feeling like I was being ordered, I approached it more from the viewpoint of helping Robert out. At lunch time I took off alone to run errands. In reality, I just wanted to take some time to be by myself and read Julia Cameron’s The Right To Write. She writes about different areas of writing and then there is a short writing exercise at the end of each chapter. I’ve been working on this book for over a year. (Can you say resistance?) Julia says that when she feels lonely it is because she did not write enough the day before. At first, this seemed a bit daft for me to accept. It’s like saying that your anus closed up because you didn’t spin around three times counter-clockwise before you left the house this morning. However, she went on to elaborate that when we don’t write enough, we have stopped the divine expression through us and we are not letting our true nature out. The loneliness stems from this phenomena. Ironically, I cannot remember the last time I was lonely and I know I’m not writing enough. After lunch, I received a call from J.H.’s office from a new client. I pre-qualified him for a loan and called him back for some additional information. It’s really neat to be able to do some great things for people. Carol Lynn, the Big Kahuna, told us that we are not charging enough for our services and we need to begin to realize that we provide a valuable service. We replied that we are just starting out and struggling to get deals. Being the wise woman she is, she reminded us that the deals are starting to come in more frequently and we should adjust our pricing accordingly. “Just because you charge what you’re worth doesn’t mean your ripping the customer off.” She is right, of course. As I drove to the gym tonight, it occurred to me that a lot of my creative visualization has paid off. It’s amazing how repeating affirmations, or a writing an ideal scene of how I would like my life to be or making a visual treasure map of what I want to manifest and focusing on it for a few minutes a day can actually produce results. I will say that none of it happened overnight and some things happened in surprising ways that were different from what I had anticipated, yet the essence of what I wanted to achieve was essentially the same. We’re going to submit four loans this week and after doing okay financially for the past eight months, I believe that I’m actually going to start seeing some good money come in. I can’t wait to pay off my student loans and be completely debt free. I’m very lucky that they are the only liabilities I have. I’d also like to buy a professional quality digital SLR. I’ve quite playing with my camera because I just don’t have the patience for developing film. 2F’s told me that I should go to bed by midnight. I don’t like sleeping. It is such a waste of time. I’d prefer to be much more productive. I’m really not that fond of eating either. It would be so much easier if you could just take a pill for each meal and be done with it. I wouldn’t have to cook or wash dishes or go to the grocery store. What a wonderful world it would be! 2F’s and I had a conversation about how odd it is that I’m such a creative person, yet I don’t remember my own dreams. He told me that with discipline and patience, I too, can remember my dreams. I told him I knew about this, but it seemed of little value. I haven’t dreamed about sex or flying in years. The few dreams I remembered usually involved tedious tasks like organizing the spice rack at the white house or hand washing Madonna’s lingerie. Why bother? My sister called me tonight to thank me for calling and wishing her a happy birthday via my mom who was babysitting my niece at the time. Evidently my niece would not quite playing games until both she and my mother were on the brink of starvation and my father had to come to the rescue with What-A-Burgers. After the feast, he fell asleep next to the gas fireplace and snored. My niece wanted juice so my sister told her to have some Hi-C. My niece argued that it was not juice. I had to agree with her. In middle school and high school, we were not allowed to have soft drinks. We could only buy these gross Hi-C drinks in a can that were ironically manufactured by Coca-Cola. Considering that juice is basically just sugar, is there any nutritional difference between genetically altered juices and soft drinks? Speaking of sodas, I told my sister about 2F’s obsession with my soft drink consumption. It started about a year ago, but every time I pop a can open, he stares at me like I’ve broken into a parked car to steal a radio to sell for crack. I have explained to him that I typically only drink a Diet Coke at lunch and dinner. I drink 64 ounces of water around those times, but you would still think I am unable to go to the kitchen without an AA sponsor. Oddly enough, I have found myself sometimes pouring a Diet Coke and then quickly taking the can to the recycling bin outside to erase any trace of my carbonated pleasure. Yes, it sounds pathetic, but some days, I just don’t want to see the look. By the way, things are going well on the South Beach Diet. Surprisingly, I’m not craving processed foods at all. I’ve been going to the gym regularly for the past two weeks and I no longer feel any soreness. I can feel the workout in my muscles tonight. My pectorals seem to be responding more quickly than normal, but my biceps and triceps just continue to taunt me. Yes, they become toned, but never seem to grow in size. I now know the pain of flat-chested women everywhere. I finished Sex Toys Of The Gods last night. I liked the ending. I did not like Tricia, the anal-retentive agent’s assistant, at the beginning, but by the end of the book, I admired her plucky spirit. Here is the link to the Web site of the author, urlLink Christian McLaughlin .

 I ENJOY DIET COKE WITH A CUBAN ACCENT Went to church early and read the Sunday paper while waiting to go in the sanctuary. Nothing in the sales paper, but I did read an article about producer, Dallas Austin, donating $25,000 to a local school. He produced Madonna's single, Secret . An African-American choir sang this morning and they had the most beautiful four part harmony. Many people cried when they sang. However, I thought they were pretty good. Perhaps they were just emotional. Damn that estrogen! After the service, Joan, Merrideth, Bran and I went to lunch. We ate at Garrison's because there was no wait and it was pretty good in the past. Mirro, from Serbia, was our waiter. He brought me a Diet Coke with a lime wedge. It was absolutely delicious. I could not get enough of it. Our food must have taken over an hour, but my chicken Ceasar salad was very delicious once it arrived. We usually have slow service when I have a very tight time schedule for the rest of the day. Sundays just fly by it seems. I went to Kroger and Publix looking for safflower oil so that we could make the Japanese asparagus dish for tonight's Cinematherapy. What is Cinematherapy you ask? A group of neighbors and Jeffifer (2F's and myself), get together one Sunday evening a month for a potluck and to watch a movie. Pat hosted the event tonight and thought it would be fun to have a Japanese theme. I finally found the safflower oil at Wholefoods. By the time arrived home, it was time to make the dish. So much for writing this afternoon. Cinematherapy was fun tonight. I don't own any Japanese clothing so I was going to wear my red plaide bathrobe. However, I opted instead for some Banana Republic jeans, chocolate wool sweater and a pair of smart black shoes. I was the apotheois of Japanese minimalism. We ate and had a lively discussion about gay (I still can't believe it is such a hote issue in our presidential election) marriage and the new Georgia Scientific cirriculum that omits the word "evolution" on purpose. Instead, we just "biologically changed over time." As if my friends from Europe asking me about the state flag business was not embarrasing enough when Sonny Perdue was elected. We watched Akira Kurosawa's Dreams . It's about eight dreams this Japanese director actually had. It was kind of slow, but beautiful to watch. We cracked jokes a lot. Joan had a surprise for me today. She showed me a postcard that I had sent her, which was dated June 7, 1996. I had just moved to Atlanta from Dallas three weeks earlier. I told her that I had found an apartment in Marietta with a guy named Mike and his overly dramatic dog, Doshi. I had applied with several temp agencies and was waiting to hear back about a claims analyst position with John Hancock, soon to be UNICARE. I mentioned something about having lunch with 2F's at McDonalds. He said grace and thanked God for bringing me into his life and helping our friendship to grow. As I was thinking about the postcard later while driving home from the grocery store, I remembered a time a few months after the postcard had been written. I was somewhat torn about moving to Atlanta because I did not want to be so far away from Kent. He had become quite ill and had moved home with his mother. He looked bad and had wasted away quite a bit. I had a dream one night that he needed my help. It was so vivid that I woke up in the middle of the night and I was tempted to call him. I made a note to call him from the office the next day. When I arrived at work the next morning, there was a voice mail message on my phone from Kent. He called to say that he missed me and just wanted to know if I would come home if he died.

 LOST IN TRANSLATION We went to dinner tonight at Murphy’s in Virginia Highlands and planned to see Lost In Translation afterwards. I was frustrated with 2F’s because I told him we needed to be at the restaurant by 7pm and he didn’t get into the shower until 6:45pm. He acted as if it was no big deal to keep Donald & Julie waiting. If the shoe was on the other foot, I would receive a judgmental diatribe that I would have to end abruptly with two choice words. Parking is always a challenge in the Highlands so we parked about four blocks away. I was still feeling angry on the inside, but trying to be friendly on the outside. 2F’s was oblivious. We were inside the restaurant and 2F’s tells me to go check our reservations. Julie had called and made a reservation for four under my last name and I had called and made a reservation for four under my first name. Clearing this mix up was almost lost in translation, but finally resolved. Someone tapped me on the shoulder. It was Troy from our neighborhood. I was still struggling with my inner rage and was trying to be friendly. His partner, Todd, came in and said hello and walked off. We had all gone to the movies almost a year ago and had a really great time. In fact, I was looking forward to getting to know them better. I ran into them at a restaurant once and said hello and they just walked on by. Granted, I don’t know what was going on inside them at the time, but I at least make the effort of being friendly. There is a line from the movie where Bill Murray’s character describes what it’s like to grow older. You begin to realize what you want and you don’t care what other people think. I’m tired of dealing with the bi-polar swings of other people. From now on I think I will just do and say exactly what I think. What’s wrong with letting people know you feel pissed on the inside at the moment? It’s how I feel. I want to people to see my dark, immature, dangerous side as well as the loving, devil-may-care, laid back side. It’s real. It’s sexy. It’s me. I related to Scarlett Johansen’s character the most. So much of my life I have felt like a stranger in a strange land. I’ve wanted to reach out and connect with other people without knowing quite how. Sometimes I have stumbled and done it badly. Other times I have done so quite eloquently and still did not achieve the imagined result. In the earlier part of my life, I had wanted a boyfriend so badly. I never could find the right fit. Now I have the perfect boyfriend, but I’ve realized that perhaps what I was searching for was more of a kindred spirit than a partner. Kent was my best friend growing up. I had known him since I was 13. We could have fun doing anything. We could complete each other’s sentences and others often thought we were lovers, which we were not. We communicated on so many different levels besides words. We understood one another… and I’ve never really experienced that again. I miss having a best friend. I miss Kent. I wish that night had never happened and I wish he had never bought that gun. Scarlett Johanson favors Jeff’s wife, Kim. When they visited us last summer, Kim and I connected on a very cool level. The kids went to sleep early and all the Jef(f)s and Kim would sit around at night waxing on about things serious and not so serious. One night, the boys went out by themselves and it was just Kim and I and we talked until we fell asleep. It was so exciting. It was like coming home, but yet I found myself holding back because I knew I needed to protect myself. I knew as soon as they left, the magic would be gone and we would not be able to maintain the connection. It was better to nip that euphoria in the bud so I would not be disappointed later. Expectation is the child of the ego and almost uncontrollable. It dances with disappointment on a regular basis. I find I’m much happier if I don’t put expectations on other people. Perhaps one day if I ever visit Jeff & Kim in Canada, Kim and I will expand upon that connection. Then again, maybe not. It will most likely be somewhat different because we will both be different people. Will it be worse? Will it be better? Why not just let it be what it is? I’ll take door number three, Bob! We had a great time tonight with Donald and Julie. They are absolutely two of my favorite people in the world. We always have the most interesting conversations. There is still a lot that I don’t know about them, but they seem like the kind of people who prefer to reveal their different layers in time. I respect that. Ironically, I have always been someone who wants to know everything about my friends immediately. Perhaps that is why they came into my life; I have been gifted with the mystery of patience. 2F’s reached out and took my hand during the movie. I like holding hands. He has big hands, but they are soft and comforting. They always make me feel that everything will be alright. Today while hanging up laundry I found a magnetic dart board set that I bought for myself at Restoration while Christmas shopping. I had always wanted a dart board ever since I read that Keren Woodward from Bananarama has one in her kitchen. I opened it for the first time and looked at it. I smiled to myself and thought, “I never have time to play games.” Correction: I never make time to play games. Rebecca Blood stated that one of the reasons people keep a weblog is for self-expression, and in doing so, they gain greater clarity in their thinking. I believe she is right. One thing that I have realized over the past few months is that this blog is for me… and not anyone else.

 LOVE YOUR ENEMIES I'm currently reading The Quest For Wholeness by Robert Brumet for a class at church. I was reading the chapter on forgiveness tonight when the author brought up Matthew 5:43-44. "You have heard that it was said, 'You shall love your neighbor and hate your enemy.' But I say to you, Love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you." I thought the timing was interesting when you consider that SR 595 passed this evening. I noted the wisdom in the text with grumpiness and continued reading. Then the author stated we need to look at what we mean when we say enemy . I found this an unusual approach. His definition of an enemy is someone who threatens us in some way. We will usually think first of someone who may try to hurt us physically, but how often do we encounter physical violence in our interactions with others? No too often, but here is where it gets intersesting. The author goes on to state that our real enemies are those who threaten our self-images and our belief systems. I stopped after I read it and then reread it several times to let it sink it. If someone threatens to harm us physically, we can take action. We can call the police. We can lock our door. We can get a gun. We can hit first. If someone is messing with how we see ourselves and what we believe, it appears to be more difficult to protect ourselves. Our sense of self or personality or ego consists of a particular set of mental images and related feelings. This is who we think we are and and the way it should be. The people who are up at arms about gay marriage are not afraid of us physically harming them. They do feel a threat, but it is a threat to their ego and their sense of self. A legally recognized union between two members of the same sex with all the same rights as a marriage does not compute, therefore, their ego immediately goes, "Danger Will Robinson!" I know this may sound simplistic, and I know I understood it on an intellectual level in a broader theory, but tonight I understood it on a more emotional or personal level. Mye ego was rocked and I listend and I took note. Comments?

 GHOST TOWN My friend, Steve, sent me this link to the urlLink Ghost Town site. It's about a female motorcylist who rode through the Chernobyl area. By the way, Mabeline Samples won her match. The pics sent Steve were so funny, I almost swallowed my tongue. I had never seen a pink goatee before. Perhaps I should grow my goatee back, but then I would have to cut my hair short again. Trust me!

 H2OH! I've made it a point to drink more water. It's good for you. It flushes out your kidneys, gives you good skin and every ten minutes I feel like all the Buckhead ladies race to the shoe deparment in my bladder for a March Madness sale. I thought I would adjust after a month, but I'm this close to a catheder. One of the rules that I read is that you should always try to make sure that your urine is clear. I was thinking about combining that with one of those quizes that Adam, Eric and Troy are always enticing me with. My quiz would be "What's Unique About Your Urine?" If it's clear, you have trouble committing, but you're fun at parties and very self-aware. If your a medium lemonade color, you're a fine balance between cuddly and kinky. You're as much at home on a bed of roses as you are on a bed of nails. You enjoy people, but you like your alone time too. You should avoid artichokes or risk a head injury. Dark yellow is a lone wolf. You don't get out much and you don't care for small talk. You have an impressive DVD collection and right hand with a cultivated grip. Hmmm... maybe not.

 SR 595 Well kids, I just heard from Deep Throat and the Georgia House passed the ban on gay marriage by three votes. It will be on the ballot in November. It's very disconcerting. I expect that the good citizens of the State of Georgia will vote for it and then we will all end up complaining about how it has affected all of our lives much like some of the teachers I know had a rude awakening once Governor Sonny started doing things they didn't like. Never vote a good governor out of office out of spite. Hopefully, this new legislation will say something about tying a rope around the testicles of adulterous legislatures and the other end around the trailer hitch of a monster truck peeling out of the parking lot rapidly. There, now I feel better.

 JUST THINK My friend, Paul, sent me this. I don't know who wrote it, but it's very well written and very clever... even if you beg to differ with the last sentence. It started out innocently enough. I began to think at parties now and then...just to loosen up. Inevitably though, one thought led to another, and soon I was more than just a social thinker. I began to think alone -- "to relax," I told myself -- but I knew it wasn't true. Thinking became more and more important to me, and finally I was thinking all the time. I began to think on the job. I knew that thinking and working don't mix, but I couldn't stop myself. I began to avoid friends at lunchtime so I could read Thoreau and Kafka. I would return to the office dizzied and confused, asking, "What is it exactly we are doing here?" Things weren't going so great at home either. One evening I had turnedoff the TV and asked my wife about the meaning of life. She spent that night at her mother's. I soon had a reputation as a heavy thinker. One day the boss called me in. He said, "Skippy, I like you, and it hurts me to say this, but your thinking has become a real problem. If you don't stop thinking on the job, you'll have to find another job." This gave me a lot to think about. I came home early after my conversation with the boss. "Honey," I confessed, "I've been thinking..." "I know you've been thinking," She snapped "and I want a divorce!" "But Honey, surely it's not that serious." "It is serious," She added, lower lip aquiver. "You think as much as college professors, and college professors don't make any money, so if you keep on thinking we won't have any money!" "That's a faulty syllogism," I said impatiently, and she began to cry. I'd had enough. "I'm going to the library," I snarled as I stomped out the door. I headed for the library, in the mood for some Nietzsche, with NPR on the radio. I roared into the parking lot and ran up to the big glass doors ... they didn't open. The library was closed. To this day, I believe that a Higher Power was looking out for me that night. As I sank to the ground clawing at the unfeeling glass, whimpering for Zarathustra, a poster caught my eye. "Friend, is heavy thinking ruining your life?" it asked. Most of you no doubt recognize that line. It comes from the standard Thinker's Anonymous poster. Which is why I am what I am today: a recovering thinker. I never miss a TA meeting. At each meeting we watch a noneducational video; last week it was "Porky's." Then we share experiences about how we avoided thinking since the last meeting. I still have my job, and things are a lot better at home. Life just seemed ... easier, somehow, as soon as I stopped thinking. Soon, I will be able to vote Republican.

 CULT OF JEF IS MOVING Yes, I finally did it. I registered my domain name and found some Web hosting. Watch this space for details. When I went to add my guest map, I found a nice little package at EasySite that was custom-tailored for me. Woohoo! I plan to move the archives over to the new Web site once I have designed the new site. I'm planning to do it in Flash and finally put my Web design degree to use. I was so sick of pixels after I graduated, but now time has healed those wounds. I also want to include some of my photography and more of my writing. Maybe I will finally do something with my other domain names too. Hmmm....

 PEER PRESSURE I have finally subcumbed to the numerous requests I have received to put a guest map on my blog. It's on the left side at the very bottom. Please select a push pin and place it on your locaiton on the map. It takes about ten seconds for those with high IQ's and a little bit more for people who need to read everything. I am especially interested in people from Australia and Iceland. If I don't receive any, I may ask for an Australian for Christmas.

 CLUB KIDS In 1995 I wrote several short screenplays while I was in Dallas in hopes of producing some short videos to play in some of the clubs on Cedar Springs. Unfortunatley, nothing ever happend, but I have come across several of the scripts. This script was based upon some kids that I stood in line behind to get into the Village Station one Thursday night. I was in my mid 20's. I haven't edited it. I hope you enjoy it. SCENE 1 INT. DANCE CLUB JUSTIN & BOBBY are standing around the Village Station drinking and smoking cigarettes. We hear loud dance music. Justin. Ooh... I love this song. They're my favorite group. Who is this Bobby? Bobby. I don't know. Justin. God, I love this song. I mean, I think it's so cool that someone can sum up the whole oppression of the Japanese tuna fisherman by dolphin loving activists. Bobby. Where do you get that? Justin. The lyrics, man, the lyrics... Bobby. I didn't know this song had any words. I thought it was just music, you know. Justin. Well it has one. "Baby, baby, you gotta let me go." Bobby. Oh, now I get it. That is so deep. I think I would cry if I had any feeling in my eyeballs, but they're numb. Justin. Look, here comes Crystal. Crystal. Hi, Justin. Justin. Hey, Crystal. You know Bobby, don't you? Crystal. Oh, yeah. You're the guy who threw up in my toilet nine times. Bobby. I had so much fun that night. I wish I could remember it. Crystal. This is my friend, Kirstin. She works with me at the Gap. Justin & Bobby. Hey Kirstin. Kirstin. Hey. (To Justin.) Oh, I love your hair. Justin. Thanks. I was a hair model this weekend. I really like your hair too. Kirstin. No, you don't. Justin. Yes, I do. Kirstin. No, you're just saying that. Justin. No, I really, really, really, really, really do. Kirstin. Thank you. Justin. It's not that stringy, slut look like you see on most of the girls who work at the Gap. Kirstin. Well you know the Gap is really, really changing its image. It's really getting cutting edge. Justin. No way. Kirstin. Yes way. Justin. You know, I've been thinking about getting a part time job there. What's it like working at the Gap? Kirstin. Well, I know it looks like a lot of fun... and it is, but it's a lot of really hard work too. Justin. Really? What do you have to do? Kirstin. Well, you have to stand around the store and smile and greet people and like ask them how they're doing and stuff. And sometimes they ask you if you have a particular size. Justin. No. Kirstin. Yes. Justin. So what do you do? Kirstin. I go to the back and make a phone call to a friend. Then I come out and tell them we don't have that size, but they might check one of our other Gap locations at another mall. Justin. Ooh... that's too much work. Kirstin. And you have to fold a lot too. Last Saturday I had to fold until I thought I would go insane or... I don't know... drool or something. But my assistant manager, Kym... she said they were the best three shirts I have ever folded. Crystal. People think it's such an easy job, but the Gap is really a challenging career opportunity, but it's an intense folding experience. Kirstin. I heard this girl at Valley View went insane folding. She's in an asylum now and sometimes she eats bugs. Crystal. Eeeyuuuu! Bobby. Hey, isn't that Philip? Crystal. Oh - my - God. It is. Kirstin. Is he still with Laurel? Crystal. Yes and I feel so sorry for her. Kirstin. Why? Justin. Philip can't make up his mind whether he's gay or straight. Crystal. He keeps going back and forth between Laurel and his roommate Brice... and he's tearing her apart. Justin. I guess that's the tragedy of being a teenage model. When you look that good, you always have to compensate somewhere else in your life. Kirstin. You know, I've never met any happy, beautiful people. Bobby. I don't know. What about Jackie Kennedy? Crystal. Oh please! Her husband cheated on her with Marilyn Monroe. It's a good thing someone shot him before she did. Bobby. I like it when they call her Jackie O. I love the sound of that. I mean I could say it all day long. Jackie O. Jackie O. Justin. Well, she may not have been happy, but damn it, she always looked good. I always say if you can't be happy, by God, look good. Bobby. I think I'll name my dog Jackie O. I mean if I ever get a dog. If I already had a dog, it would already have a name naturally and if I started calling it Jackie O, he might become confused and suicidal. I just couldn't handle my dog committing suicide. If he did, I'd probably... I don't know... kill myself or something. If I had a dog. Justin. Did you study for the Geometry test tomorrow? Crystal No. I thought I would just copy off of you. Justin. No. I was going to copy off of you. Crystal. Oh my god. What are we going to do? Justin. Well... I know that vertical angles are always congruent. Crystal. God, how can you remember those things. Isn't that hard being so smart? Justin. I don't know. Sometimes things just get stuck on a brain wrinkle or something. Crystal. I don't understand why we have to memorize all that stuff. The other day when you were sick, Mr. Tatum asked me to solve a proof and I was just like "So. Who cares?" Justin. If I don't get at least a "C", my mother will have a total shit fit and ground me for good. God, my mother is such a bitch. Crystal. No, my mother is such a bitch. Kirstin. No, my mother is such a bitch. Bobby. I wish I had known my mother. Kirstin. Oh my god, how sad. Did she die or something? Bobby. No, I'm adopted. Crystal. Oh, how sad. Justin. I never knew that. When did you find out? Bobby. The other day... I wouldn't let my little brother change the channel on the TV and he told me. Crystal. Oh my god, my sister told me the same thing. I must be adopted too. Justin. Oh look, there's that really cute guy. Kirstin. Where? Justin. Don't look. Kirstin. Why don't you go talk to him? Justin. I can't do that. Kirstin. Why not? Justin. He might not like me. Kirstin. Why wouldn't he like you? Justin. Do you think I'm cute? Kirstin. Well, yeah you're very cute. Justin. Would you go to bed with me? Kirstin. No. Justin. Why not? Kirstin. You're gay... remember? Justin. Don't say that word? I'm not gay. I'm just at that experimental stage in my life. I'm going to be a writer, you know. I mean I am a writer. Kirstin. Well go talk to him. Justin. I don't know. Kirstin. Here, I'll go with you. Justin. Okay. JUSTIN & KIRSTIN exit. Crystal. I think Justin is so cute. Bobby. To die for. Crystal. Can I tell you something really, really, really personal? Bobby. Sure. Crystal. But you have to promise to never tell anyone... even under the threat of death because I plan on being even more famous than Madonna and the national tabloids can be ruthless. Bobby. I promise. Crystal. (Leaning close.) Sometimes I fantasize about what it would be like to have Justin inside me. Bobby. Really? Me too. CRYSTAL & BOBBY both grab one another and squeal as they jump up and down. KIRSTIN returns. Kirstin. I don't know what Justin was so worried about. That guy really, really likes him. Just look at the way he is falling all over Justin. Crystal. It looks like he's drunk. Kirstin. No, he really, really likes Justin. Crystal. I think I'm going to go request Madonna. Kirstin. I think she is so pretty, but I like her better blonde. What's your favorite hair color? Crystal. I don't know. I kind of like dark and short like in that Rain video. It almost makes me want to experiment with that lesbian side of myself. Kirstin. Isn't that interesting. Oh by the way, I can't spend the night at your house Friday. Something's come up. What do you think Bobby? BOBBY thinks and begins to have rapid eye movements and becomes very upset. CRYSTAL hits him hard on the back of the head. Crystal. Stop it! Bobby. Oh it was awful. All of a sudden I saw images from the Borderline video and then Like A Virgin and then Express Yourself. I mean there were just so many of them. JUSTIN returns with DAVID. Justin. Hey, I want you to meet my new boyfriend. We are deeply and madly in love forever. What was your name again? DAVID goes blank and pulls out his wallet. He looks at his driver's license. David. David. Crystal. It's nice to meet you David. You seem like a really cool dude. David. Thanks. Kirstin. I think I'm going to go to the bar and get a drink. Would you like something David? DAVID collapses onto floor. Kirstin. Guess not. KIRSTIN leaves. Justin. Do you think he's dead? Crystal. I don't know. Quick step over here. Maybe no one saw you together. If you stand too close, people might take it as a reflection on you. Justin. What am I going to do? This is so unfair. Every time I get a boyfriend, they just die on me. Crystal. Well how many have you had? Justin. Just uh... well whatever his name was. I really loved him though, Crys. Crystal. It's okay. There will be another one. Suddenly KEITH approaches JUSTIN. Keith. Hi. My name is Keith and I couldn't help noticing that fantastic smile of yours from across the dance floor. I was wondering if you would like to break some sodomy laws together by placing various external body parts into various well-lubricated orifices. CRYSTAL, BOBBY & JUSTIN all act shocked. Justin. Uh... I don't think so. Crystal. Move on mister. KEITH walks away, but suddenly JUSTIN stops him. Justin. Just a second... there's one more thing I'd like to tell you. JUSTIN walks over to KEITH and whispers in his ear. Justin. Meet me out back in the parking lot in about twenty minutes. KEITH nods. JUSTIN goes back to the gang. Crystal. You tell him Justin. Hey, let's go dance. Bobby. Okay. They all leave to go dance. FADE TO BLACK.

 WHY AM I STILL AWAKE? When you are a creative person, you sometimes find that your mind is like a toilet that runs. No matter how much you jiggle the chain, and believe me, I can jiggle a chain like nobody's business, the water just keeps on running in the toilet. I recently bought a copy of All Saints greatest hits album called All Hits . In case you don't remember, they were the edgey Spice Girls who were popular back in 1998. As far as I can remember, they released two singles in the U.S.: I Know Where It's At , which didn't do much for me; and Never Ever , which I never heard until recently. I like Never Ever. It's sort of bluesy. I could see some one singing this in a bar. My favorite song on the album is Pure Shores , which was from the movie The Beach. It was written by William Orbit who produced Madonna's Ray Of Light album. However, the song that I am currently obsessed with is Black Coffee . It's very edgey in the beginning with the guitar. It reminds me of somone coming off prozac and then the chorus is so melodic, like someone going on prozac. Anyway, this has been in the Miata's CD player for awhile. I found an orange, plastic bag in the pantry and it contained five of these chocolate covered wafer snacks that I brought back from Thailand in September of 1999. I turned 32 in Bangkok that year and I sang One Night In Bangkok as we walked around. We went to 2F's first gay bar there. I was interested to see how different it would be on the other side of the world and what pieces of their culture would the Thai gays incorporate into their alternative night life. Well, we walked in and they were playing Ricky Martin's Livin' La Vida Loca and they were showing some video footage of a drag queen on a float. Two little boys who came up to our belt buckles hit on us. It wasn't quite the first experience I wanted 2F's to have. I was always telling him what good music they played in a gay bar and how much fun it is to go dancing. I remember dancing to That's What Love Can Do by Boy Krazy from 1993, which was actually released in 1991 in the UK. Anyway, 2F's and I ate some of those chocolate things. They were a little stale, but quite tasty. I've been enjoying the urlLink Beast Momma blog lately. I haven't kept up with everyone's blog on a daily basis since I've had so much work to do, but I try to catch up very few days. I really enjoy Jaspreet's posts. She has a very singular voice in her writing style and there is something fresh and almost innocent in her perspective. Her posts are very introspective and not only reveal much about her character, but motivate me to turn within and examine myself. I noticed last week that I was beginning to receive hits from a blog entitled urlLink Complex Superior . I checked it out for a few days to see what I thought about it and I find it interesting. The author is a writer himself and has written an interesting post about his parents' 30th wedding aniversary. I paid bills tonight and attacked one of the last remaining stacks on my desk. I'm learning to be ruthless with paper and not hold onto anything that may come in handy one day. If I don't use it immediately, it's gone. I'm sure that land fills everywhere are quaking in fear. I rushed to get to my writers group tonight and no one was there. I walked around the book store looking very conspicuous with two inches of copies of my work to share. It gradually dawned on me that March has an extra week in it and my meeting is next Tuesday. I felt sort of deflated because I had worked more on Exfoliation and was interested to get their feedback. By the way, I'm approaching 20 pages with this story and I'm only about 2/3 through it. I'm coming up on the most difficult part. I'm really eager to finish it and move on to the treatment for my screenplay for the 2004 Perfect Pitch cCntest . In addition to Exfoliation , I brought copies of Ten Years After The Honeymoon to share. As I reread the story, I wash shocked to discover how many typos were in in it. I have reposted this post with my revisions. I apologize for the typos. I find that when I'm involved in my writing, I will leave out words, repeat entire sentences or even misspell words that I know how to spell. My new flat panel monitor also makes the text very small and I can't always see exactly what I have typed without getting close the screen. I can't seem to adjust the display adequately. I looked at potential hosting for cultofjef.com, but haven't decided upon anything definite. I'm having issues with Dotser. Evidently they do not wish to have anyone contact them because their phone numbers and e-mail addressed do not work. I'm looking forward to moving my blog to its own domain so I can put some of my Web design skills to work. I went to school for two years to get the degree, I might as well use it. I'm not sure if I'll do anything with boygeniusdesigns.com. The pollen has been thick in the air and I feel as if my throat is stuffed with cotton. I was reviewing some marketing material that Robert gave me. The first manual I read was just a repeat of information from a seminar we went to a month ago. I mentioned this to him and he became very defensive as if I was being critical when I was simply stating a fact. I didn't even try to tell him that I wasn't being critical because it doesn't matter. It just makes him more defensive. I've learned to just get off the phone with him quickly, so I did.

 FIRST AID FOR A PHALLUS A friend called this evening and we had the following conversation. Hello? I have a blister on my penis. Rick? It hurts when I touch myself. Don't do that. But what am I supposed to do? Give it a rest. For how long? For as long as it takes to heal. I'd better sit down. How did this happen? I don't know. Were you masturbating with sandpaper again? Ha. Ha. Very funny. Are you sure it's not a genital wart? Maybe you should have it looked at. Hold on.... No, it's not a genital wart. Are you looking at it now? Yes, of course it's easier when I have an erection. I really didn't need to know that. Hold on. I'm trying to get a better look. What do you mean by that? Hold on. I'm thinking sexy thoughts. No! I do not want to be on the phone with you while you're trying to get a rise out of yourself. That's way too lower Alabama for me. It sort of looks like a small lima bean... or maybe a kidney. Do you have any neosporin or other ointment to put on it? I can't do that. Earl wouldn't like the taste. Just for the record, I believe it's poisnous as well. What are you trying to do to Earl? I don't have an insurance policy on him. I'm just saying that maybe he could refrain from giving you oral sex until it heals. I'm getting dizzy and not in a good way. I don't feel like we're making any headway... no pun intended. You know, I think Earl must have bit me in a fit of passion Sunday evening. Not on the Sabath Day! Stop it. You never answered my question. Do you have any ointment? I do, but I don't think I can put it on myself. Will you come over and do that for me? You mean the world to me Rick, but I'm not going to rub an antibiotic on your penis. What about Earl? Maybe y'all could incorporate it into some creative love making. He's out of town the rest of the week. Then why were you so upset about not having sex with Earl for a few days. He could come home early. I am bringing this conversation to a close. You're annoyed with me, aren't you? No. Then tell me something nice about me. I think it's really funny in a cool way that you're dating someone named Earl. Yeah, that's cool, isn't it? If only he worked in a garage. Gotta go. Bye!

 IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT I woke up last night to the sound of rain falling gently on the roof. For a moment, I feared the inside of the Miata being soaked, but then remembered putting the top up yesterday morning. I listened to him breathing beside me and smiled. I moved closer and fell back asleep to the duet of rain patter supported by his intake of oxygen and outflow of CO2.

 ONE OF MY FAVORITE BANANARAMA ANECDOTES Sarah Dallin of Bananarama was once interviewed about her lifelong friendship with fellow member, Keren Woodward, on the set of the I Heard A Rumour video back in 1987. Sarah recalled hitting Keren with a field hockey stick. The journalist asked if she had been jealous of Keren or if it she had done something to provoke this action. Sarah replied matter of factly, "No, I hated her. That's why I did it." For some reason, I love this story.

 A QUICK POST Today was a busy day. I accomplished quite a bit. My boss complimented me on a flyer that I put together and a letter I am sending to several companies around town for an affinity program. I love to please that woman. She is truly "fabulous." Afterwards I worked out. I bumped up the weight a bit and I'm doing more now than I ever have. Why is the weight I'm doing today so easy when it was impossible almost a year ago. It's exciting watching the changes in my body. My stomach is flatter and firmer. The obliques are looking good, but it will be another month or so before the six pack reveals itself. My boss noticed that I had lost weight and asked what my special program. I laughed. Why is this all coming together now when I have had so-so success in the past? Over the weekend, I took care of several things that have been haunting me on my list of unfinished business from last year. Why was it so difficult before this weekend? It was all so easy. What changed in me to make it so? In my Quest class, we are studying faith now. There was one sentence where the author wrote that faith is seeing in Spirit. Faith is seeing what is inherit in the situation before it is manifest or revealed. It may happen in a second or years, but always in the perfect time and way. For some reason, I feel like a whole new layer has been revealed to me in spiritual quest. It's been there the whole time, but I'm only now comprehending. Can we have faith if we don't believe in God? Finally, I'm very involved in my short story, Exfoliation . It's turning out to be much longer than I had anticpated, but the main character is complicated. He is unraveling and each paragraph is a thread of his character that reveals itself to me. The story is writing itself. I begin to wonder if readers will look at the characters and try to compare them to me. There are pieces of me in each one, but not the larger sum of their actions. It's exciting to see it all coming together on so many different levels. I don't think that I wrote it really. I simply transcribed it what is given to me. It's so much bigger than me alone.

 MY THREE FAVORITE JOKES What do you call a boomerang that doesn't work? A stick. Why don't southern women attend orgies? Too many thank you notes. What is the difference between a queen and a vicious queen? A queen will say, "Honey, didn't we talk about that shirt?" A vicious queen will say, "Honey, that shirt looks fabulous!" Bonus Joke: What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.

 ARTIST DATE Went to church with 2F's this morning to listen to him sing. Unfortunately, I couldn't seem to concentrate on the lyrics. It was something to do with a rose and the crucifixtion. Everyone kept weeping and telling me how wonderful it was. I have no idea why I was so distracted. Afterwards we went to the park and had a picnic lunch with his parents, nieces and his great nephew. I love the great nephew. I have never met such a good natured kid with such a great personality. He needs to be in commercials. He's walking now and putting sentences together and just a ball to be around. We played on the playground a bit. I came back home and did some minor stuff on the car. I checked the oil, changed the wiper blades, etc. I did some things around the house. I sat down and composed the short story that you see posted below this post. I'm not really sure where it came from (no pun intended), but it just burst into my mind and I had a very strong need to write it down. For the most part, I am satisfied with the results although I will probably look over it again in a few days and do some editing. The short story is becoming my format of choice lately. If you have ever read The Artist Way by Julia Cameron, you'll know that she she talks about scheduling a few hours each week to just spend time with yourself and do something fun. I decided that I needed to do that this afternoon. I've been working all weekend doing things around the house and I just wanted to get out. I was going to wash the car first, but decided to go to Tower Records. The weather was beautiful today and I enjoyed the sunshine and the wind blowing through my hand. I listened to Yazz on the way to Buckhead and sang along to The Only Way Is Up and Stand Up For Your Love Rights and Treat Me Good . It's been a long time since I've gone into Tower Records and just looked at everything. They had the k.d. lang live DVD on sale for ten bucks and I was very tempted. I love that CD. It has most of my favorite k. d. lang songs on it, but I decided to pass on it. I'm not sure that I would watch it more than once. I listened to the remixes for No Doubt's It's My Life , which I have to say is a very good cover of the original version by Talk Talk from 1984, but the remixes don't really add much to it. I passed on them. I toyed with the cover of Tears For Fears Mad World from the Danny Darko soundtrack, but passed on it again. I was hoping to find All Saints Saints And Sinners CD, but did not. I've always liked Pure Shores and I just recently discovered Black Coffee. I'm very intrigued. So, I went to the bargain bin and I came home with a couple of great CD's that I was pleased with: 1 Giant Leap by urlLink 1 Giant Leap - This is a cool album that combines well-known pop stars with lesser known musicians from around the world. My Culture featuring Robbie Williams and Maxi Jazz, Braided Hair featuring Speech and Neneh Cherry and The Way You Dream featuring Michael Stipe and Asha Bhosle are all stand-out tracks. There is also a DVD, which I hear is very cool too, but that will wait until another day. Woman To Woman by Fem 2 Fem - This album was big back in 1993. Well, the single Switch was popular in the clubs back in 1993. It featured four lipstick lesbians who made the suggestion that women should switch from men to women. I don't think all the girls, if any, were lesbians, but I believe that one was from Dallas. The follow up single, Obsession, wasn't as successful. They released a second album a year or two later and then disappeared as far as I know. Switch is a great club song and terrific to work out too. However, it's best not to sing along with your headphones on. Other people may get peeved at you saying, "Switch, you bitch!" out loud without knowing the whole story. Spin by Darren Hayes - This was sort of an experimental purchase. I had never heard any of the songs before, but several people I knew liked it. St range Relationship didn't immediately grabe me. I responded better to Insatiable and I really liked Crush (1980 Me) , but I don't quite know what it's about yet. I'm not sure how well this album did for the former lead singer of Savage Garden. If I end up not liking it, I'll give it to my mom. She's a Savage Garden fan. Chupacabra by Imani Coppola - I had been charmed by the infectious Legend Of A Cowgirl back in 1998 and bought the single, which I still play today. This was another experimental purchase. So far, I've been pleased. I know very little about her, but she seems to have combined many musical styles in a blender and made a very nice aural smoothie. Mmmm.... delicious! I'm back home now. The front door and back doors are open. My bedroom window's open. The temperature is perfect. There is a slight breeze. The air is heavy with the perfume from the wysteria growing outside above the deck. The branches have grown intertwined with the deck and have created a lavender canopy. Large bumblebees fly around all day busily working their bumblebutts off before the wyesteria goes out of bloom. The dogwoods have bloomed too, but aren't in full bloom yet. I'm proud of the cleaning that I've done this weekend. Things look much neater and I feel more focused now that I'm not surrounded by clutter. I'm going to heat up a hamburger patty from yesterday and eat some dinner. Last night, 2F's made some tilapia and cous cous while I made a spinach salad. We had some Italian bread too. For dessert, we had the best tiramisu that I have ever had. The piece was a wee bit too big, but the subtle coffee flavor is still on my mind. Well, I must do my taxes now and send off some rebates. Then I'm planning my goals for tomorrow and the rest of the week.

 TEN YEARS AFTER THE HONEYMOON Selma looked closely at the multigrain toast as if she were searching for a cure for polio. She brushed her finger over the many seeds in the bread, wondering exactly what they were. She knew this type of bread was healthier for you, but she couldn't help wonder if she should swallow a few small pebbles to help grind up some of these large seeds in the bread in her stomach. Selma took a bite, set the toast down and had some more coffee. This was one of her favorite moments. She liked waking up early and just having the morning to herself to drink coffee, read the paper and not have to talk to anyone. She was shocked at first to realize that she had fallen into such a predictable habit, but it was one of the few things that she could actually control in her life. Therefore, she enjoyed it. She turned the page of the newspaper and began reading about a woman who saved from her homicidal ex-boyfriend by the heroic actions of her Chihuahua, Paco. There was a close-up shot of the woman, a buxom sort with bleached hair, snuggling against a small, mouse-like face with eyes the size of saucers. Selma looked down at Shelby, the greyhound that she and Roger had rescued. Shelby lay on the hardwood floor in a patch of sunlight streaming through the window. Her eyes were open and glassy as they stared off into space. Shelby's tongue lay motionless out of her mouth. Selma began to worry if she should go hold a mirror under her nose when the dog suddenly passed gas, wiggled about for a few seconds and then regained her macabre composure. Selma had been contemplating tracing Shelby's body in chalk and roping the dog off with yellow crime tape to surprise Roger one morning, but so far she had not been motivated enough to do so. Selma had married at 25. Her mother told her she was too young nor had she known Roger long. He was on leave from the Navy. They had met in a bar called the Crow's Nest in Buckhead. He had been in his sailor's uniform and she decided that if you were going to pick up a sailor and there were no docks within five hours, a bar called the Crow's Nest was the next best thing. She bought him a shot. He told her a joke. They danced. He bought her a drink and then another and another. Before she knew it, they were eating breakfast at IHOP and then watching the sun rise in her SUV. Roger wanted to have sex, but she said she'd rather wait. He sighed, but said that he respected that. He was glad she told him. The next night she gave in. She sometimes regretted it. Roger seemed to have two ways of interacting with her. The normal way was very familiar as if she was one of his buddies and the other was as if she were the most desirable porn star in the world. He made love to her with the fierceness of an animal in heat and she contributed this to his time spent trapped on a submarine with a bunch of men. She had asked him once if anything had ever happened between him and any of his buddies while they were out to sea for such a long period of time. "You know, like you read about men in foxholes in WWII." He looked at her as if she had just confessed that the secret ingredient to her vegetarian chili was a little menstrual blood and then turned his attention back to the television. She didn't pursue the subject. On the day of her wedding, her mother came to her before the ceremony. She smoothed out her wedding dress to make sure everything was perfect before looking into her eyes for what seemed like an eternity. She thought her mother was going to say something to the effect of how her little girl had grown up, but instead she told Selma, "In the beginning of a marriage, the woman knows about compassion and not how to enjoy sex. The man knows how to enjoy sex, but not about compassion. Over the years, the man will teach the woman how to enjoy sex and her body and the woman will teach the man about compassion." Her mother let out a long sigh. This bit of wisdom had not been easy to share. Then her mother kissed her, pulled her veil down over Selmas face and walked out of the room. Selma turned the page of the newspaper again when she heard Roger's feet padding up behind her. She felt the electricity from his body a millisecond before his big arms enfolded around her and he gave her a kiss on the cheek. "Good morning, he said. She looked up at him and smiled. "I just made some coffee. Do you want me to get you some?" "No, I'll get it." Roger walked around the table and into the kitchen. He still had a great ass. He had gained a little weight around the middle, but not as much as some. He had a fairly large build so the love handles weren't much of a contrast. It wasn't like their friends, Phil and Linda. Last summer they went inner tubing near Helen and Selma had been shocked by how much difference ten pounds made on Phil's stick figure. He looked like a boa constrictor that had swallowed a beach ball. Roger carried his extra weight well. He had a handsome face framed by a thick crown of unruly hair that could not even be tamed with super glue. After all, she should know. She had tried once when they were both very drunk. Selma wondered what physical traits their child would inherit from Roger, but then stopped herself. They had been trying for over a year now with no result and she felt like a stuck record. She picked up her mug and took another sip of coffee to physically correct this thought pattern. Instead she began to read about an elderly black gentleman who had recently decided to clean up his neighborhood with rake. First, he had tackled the trash with the rake. Next, he had physically beaten all the members of a street gang with it and single-handedly driven out the crack problem in his neighborhood. Roger appeared in the doorway with coffee in one hand and three small powdered donuts in the other. There was a white smudge on his upper lip that implied that he had just snorted some cocaine through a $20 pill off a mirror in the kitchen. He smiled at her. "I really enjoyed last night." She smiled and then said, "Yeah, me too." She found herself becoming a bit flushed as her eyes gently floated down his torso like a leaf in the wind. His chest hair grew in a funny shape. It was like a tear drop standing on its head with the large portion being at the top in the valley between his nipples and coming to a sharp point just above his navel. It gave the impression of large birth mark in the shape of a big exclamation mark. "You know," he began. "Sex has always been good, but last night was especially hot. What was different about it?" This took her off guard. She looked blankly at him. "We bathed?" He pulled the chair out and sat down across from her. "No, that's not it. I don't recall us doing anything different, but last night just seemed really hot." He popped the last donut into his mouth as she found herself becoming annoyed. She just wanted to flip back a page and read about the Chihuahua. She didnt want to think right now. "A lot of my buddies complain that sex gets stale after five years or so, but I think our sex life is still pretty good. Don't you?" Selma looked up from her paper. He wanted to talk serious just as Paco was going for the jugular. "Yeah, I would agree with you. I think we work at it though. Unlike some of our friends, we plan dates and decide when we're going to have sex so we know to look forward to it. We try to do new things like the French maid costume and the vibrator added a bit of fun." "Yeah...." He ran his finger along the rim of his coffee cup and stared out the window. Thinking the coast was clear, she returned to her paper. "What do you like best about sex with me?" He asked. Selma's eyebrow arched above her left eye. "What?" "What do you like best about sex with me after all these years?" She leaned back against the dining room chair and regarded him with skepticism. What was this all about? Was he on the diving board of his mid-life crisis about the jump into the waters of uncertainty head first? She took a sip of coffee and gingerly answered. "I appreciate the way you approach my breasts." "How's that?" "You don't handle them frantically and roughly as if you're a S.W.A.T. team member trying to diffuse a bomb or a dog trying to get a good hold on a ball in its mouth. You handle them like you would as if you were woodworking. You run your fingers along the edges with firmness, but yet also with care. I appreciate that." Roger made a little face with his mouth to consider her comment and then stared at the window again. After a moment, Selma looked down at her newspaper again. She was surprised to learn that Paco had survived the plunge through the plate glass window and down three stories to the rose garden by holding onto the ex-boyfriend's ear with her teeth the whole time. Fortunately Bobs body had cushioned the blow for Paco, Bob had not been so lucky. "I like being inside you." Repressing a sigh, Selma looked up from the paper. Roger was staring at her. "I like being inside your wonderful magic place. I like knowing that this warm, wet flesh of yours is surrounding the most vulnerable part of my body. I like looking into your eyes as I'm pumping away into you because every time, I see something new. I find a new part of you. But after all these years, I think I know what I like best." She looked into his brown eyes for a moment. She didn't reach for her coffee, but asked him, "What is it then? What do you like best?" Roger leaned into her across the table. "I like the way you hold me. Last night when I came, you tightened your grip around me as if to say you'd never let me go. I felt so completely loved by you. I wondered if we were just satisfying our sexual needs or if we were creating a new life in that moment, a baby. It moved me and I had tears came to my eyes. I wiped them away because I was scared, but it's an extension of being inside you. I like the way you make me feel okay to be vulnerable." Tears began to roll quickly down her face. Roger grabbed her hand in concern. "I'm sorry baby." "No, it's okay. It's compassion, Roger. You found compassion." He sat back and thought about it for a moment. "I guess I have." There were many emotions flying around her in body: happiness; sadness; laughter; tears and suddenly the intense desire to have this man's baby. She leaned forward and in a conspiratorial tone she whispered, "Meet me under the table, Roger." His eyebrows rose up in a questioning manner. "I'm in the mood for love." Selma felt his hot kisses on her neck as she threw her head back in ecstasy just as Shelby passed gas again. She could not be distracted. She mentally willed her ovaries to give up an egg for their child. With great concentration, she guided his sperm to her egg and fertilized it. Roger looked deep into her eyes and turned the page to see another side of Selma. When Roger closed his eyes and thrust into her pelvis with great effort, she strengthened her hold on him as if she would never let him go. After a few moments, he laid his head on her chest and she noticed that were breathing in unison. She ran her fingers lightly over his back and after some time, she realized he was sleeping. She rocked her grown baby in her arms for awhile and for some reason she found tears flowing from her eyes again, but they were tears of joy. Nine months later, Selma gave birth to a little boy who loved to be physically active, but also had a sensitive side that showed the biggest heart for others that she had every seen. He was the perfect balance of compassion and something more.

 MY SECOND DREAM FROM LAST NIGHT I'm at a dinner party. I seem to know all the people, but I don't recognize anyone but Kristin Scott-Thomas and I'm wondering if I should bring up Under The Cherry Moon, which I enjoyed. It's in a small room with lots of dark wood and books on the wall. We have a delicious soup when I look to my right and I note that I'm seated next to Helena Bonham-Carter. I look to my right and see a large, Zeus-like man dressed in long robs with white hair and a beard. He's glowing slightlly and I realize that I'm seated next to God. My heart stops and I'm suddenly very concerned about which fork to use. I panic when I realize that we didn't even say grace before we ate. We just dug right in. I look up and realize that God doesn't seem to be concerned in the slightest. In fact, he is happily chatting away with Pee Wee Herman and Carmen Electra. I hear them involved in a passionate discourse on hydro-power. I'm watching Pee Wee's hands at all times. Then I find that we are suddenly mingling in a large ball room. The number of people has quadrupled. God approaches me, smiling. "Do I make you uncomfortable, Jef?" "No," I reply. "You're everywhere anyway. Why shouldn't you be here?" Kristen Scott-Thomas walks up to me and says, "Jef, I see you have met my God." I laugh and then correct her by saying, "Well, Kristen, you know there is really only one God." She puts her arm around God in much the same way you see celebrities like Nicole Kidman paling around a movie premiere with Naomi Watts. "No, this is my God. Your God is over there." She points behind me and I see that everyone has a different God beside them. There are cowboy Gods, vengeful Gods, loving Gods, New Age Gods, heavy metal Gods, etc. The only correlation seems to be that the vision of God seems to be directly related to His person. In other words, a loving God is attached to a loving person. A vengeful God stays close to an angry person. I'm in the midst of information overload when a blonde Adonis approaches me. He looks like a classical Greek statue come to life. " Hello, Jef." "Uh, hi. Are you my God?" "Yes, I am." "I think there has been a mix up. You're supposed to be my God, not a god." "But I am your God." "No, you can't be. I've always pictured God as a bright loving light not bright highlights. You're too sexy to be my God. It's distracting." "Jef," he began putting his hand on my shoulder. "Don't touch me!" "Why not?" "You're too sexy in this form. I might respond to it physically and that would just totally short-circuit me psychologically." "You can't see beyond the light. Why is that?" "I don't know." "Yes, you do. Think." "I like the light better. You have too much detail. TOO MUCH!" "Why does that bother you?" "I don't want you to have that much detail. I'm more comfortable when you are more ambiguous." "And more details means?" I looked into his beautiful face and down his perfectly proportioned body. "This is too personal. This is too close." "Haven't you been trying to cultivate a personal relationship with me?" I looked into his eyes. "I think I know what you're saying, but I can't put it into words." He nodded at me. The fear was gone. My anxiety of being aroused by God was gone. I just felt love and peace and then I woke up. This has to be the weirdest dream ever. I don't even like Kristen Scott-Thomas. The dream stayed with me though. After I woke up, I still had that same sense of peace about me. The gym is going to be very weird today. Most of all, there is a feeling of being unable to express in words the message that I received. Maybe it's so personal, it can't be explained.

 ETHINTICITY ETHICS This started out as a random thought that just took off and ran with itself much further than I had anticipated. I can't say that I offer a conclusion or solution, just my thoughts. With more and more people from Central and South America immigrating to the U.S., it has become apparent to me that one must be careful in assuming ethniticity. Some people from this background do not like the term Hispanic. Obviously, you do not want to refer to someone from South America as a Mexican American. Calling them A South American American would be confusing. Typically, the prefer to be referred to as Latin American since South America is sometimes referred to as Latin America. However, a friend of mine from Cuba does not like to be called Latin American because her cultural background is very different from Latin American. She is a Cuban American, which seems more of a nationality than ethniticy. It also sounds like a tasty drink that knocks you on your ass. Still, when I complete a loan application the government requires that I note whether or not someone is of Hispanic orgin or not even if the customer chooses to pass on providing this information. The purpose is to ensure that brokers do not discriminate. This information is reported to the government and if your statistics show that every single client you worked with is caucasion, something is up. I don't generally refer to someone's race unless they bring it up. I remember being asked to point out a co-worker when I worked at Target. I tried to identify him in every way without saying he was black. Finally after 45 seconds, the customer asked, "Is he the black one?" I closed my eyes and nodded. Perhaps I was just being too self-conscious, but I felt that such a term was marginalizing him. I wouldn't have wanted to someone refer to me as the gay one. Granted, if someone saw me on the street they are not going to pick me out as the gay one. You can't tell by the color of my skin or the way I walk or talk. Now if I kissed another man or took it further or was wearing a rainbow flag, then you might have more information to identify me that way. I focus on the individual as a whole and the color of their skin is only a small portion of who they are, not the whole. My sexuality is only a small part of who I am, not the whole of my being. However, my sexuality is more than a box that is checked on an application to fit in me into all applicable categories. My sexuality permeates the rest of my life. It determines what films I choose to watch, the music I choose to listen to, the clothes I choose to wear and my politics. Granted, I might find mutual ground with a heterosexual housewife, but there will probably be a homosexual filter attached to it. "Oh no, not ice cream. Sorbet." Well, maybe not from me, but you can see my point. For an African American, who they are is more than just the color of their skin. I have known caucasions that grew up in predominantly black neighborhoods whose cultural backgrounds more resenbled that of blacks than of whites. Black is so much easier to say than African American like white is easer to say than caucasion. I hate the word negroe. It just sounds so... so... unpalatable to me. And the term nigger just makes me nautious, which is interesting since I am so white that when I first wear shorts in the summertime, people have to wear sunglasses to prevent blindness. However, when my grandmother grew up in the South during the 20's and 30's, whites referred to most black people as the nigger woman who does my washing, etc. There was no malice or hate behind the word like there was in the 60's during the Civil Rights Movement. Fortunately, I don't hear that word much these days except when I hear to African Americans use it with each other. I don't get it. Why would you want to use a word that has so much hatred behind it. It's like keeping it alive to me. I don't call any of my gay friends, fudge packer or rump ranger as a term of affection. Interestingly enough, words like faggot and queer, which were once used in a hateful way have now been embraced by some peope in the gay community as a way to empower themselves. In other words, you can't hurt me if I turn the hate behind those words into self-respect and pride. So what does this mean? How come I'm not a Caucasian American? What do you call a black person from Britain? African-Brit? Would my friend, Honey, be an African-Jewish-Lesbian-Handicapped-American? No. To me she will always just be Honey.

 MY FIRST DREAM FROM LAST NIGHT I don't normally remember my dreams unless I make a concerted effort before going to sleep and just after waking up, but I had two unusual ones last night. In the first one, I had returned to work at Target. It was a big, flashy Target that was located in a mansion with many floors and stair cases. I remember being at the service desk where people make returns. I was trying to help a Hispanic man who could not speak English. His son was translating for us. The son would not allow me to make copies of the man's driver's license and social security card, which I explained to him that I needed due to the Patriot Act. The son would wave the information in front of my face. He only wanted me to write down the numbers because he didn't feel safe letting me copy the cards. Alicia, a former co-worker from the insurance company said that she would write down the numbers. I explained to her that was not sufficient per company policy and explained to the man that there was no protection in letting us write down the numbers instead of photocopying the information. Eventually Alicia took over and I went upstairs. The mansion suddenly turned into my church and there were many people there. A luncheon seemed to be taking place and there were all these cater waiters with trays of little teeny-tiny desserts. I don't mean like cookies or appetizers. They were full seven-tier wedding cakes that were bite-size. I had three and felt very guilty after the first one. I could hear Joan's voice in my head saying that she was very disappointed that I had not shown up for the lunch. I thought to myself, "But I was working." I couldn't see Joan, but I knew that she was looking for Bran and Merrideth. Suddenly I was on the stairs with Mark's cat, Sophia, except that she was gray instead of black. I was carrying her in my arms and petting her in a rather Dr. Evil way. I went downstairs and Target was gone. There were big tables set up everywhere and there were 20 or 30 board games. I intuited that I was in an office breakroom. Then the cast of The Office showed up and I went upstairs. I didn't want them to think I was a stalker. I got a drink of water from a water fountain and I saw two young men approaching me from the other way. One was on a bicycle. For some reason, I didn't want these two to know who I was. I looked down at the floor as they passed. I turned and went down the stairs. I knew they were bloggers with blogs that I sometimes read. I knew I was in danger. I heard the one on the bicyle say, "I'm looking for my scooby, Jef." My heart froze. It was Drew from Not Enough Drew In The World and I knew he was coming to take me, and possibly Sofia, away. I moved down the stairs more quickly. I heard the bike begin to move down the stairs as Drew said, "Here scobby, scooby, scooby!" I broke into a run screaming, "But I'm not your scooby! I'm not! I hardly know you!" Then I woke up. I would just like for it to be noted that all I consumed before bed was a cup of filtered water.

 SOME OF MY THOUGHTS ON MEDITATION I meditate every morning for ten minutes before I start my day, longer if I have time. It's my way of listening to God instead of always talking and telling him my demands. Sometimes I receive information or feelings that I should do something. For example, maybe someone will come to mind and I will feel compelled to call them. Later that day, I call that person and we chat. As we are getting off the phone, the person will say, "By the way, I've been meaning to call you. I have a friend that needs to refinance," or "You know I was really feeling down, but you called and told me exactly what I need to hear." It's funny how it works, but oh so cool. This morning it was just a quiet feelig, but a very deep connection. It's like being plugged into a current and feeling a steady stream of energy coursing into my being. I feel at complete peace as if I could stay that way all day. I lose all track of time like those people who are abducted by UFO's and have tests performed on them. Some days it may be difficult to quiet the traffic in my head and I may not have a quiet feeling or receive any information. It's like having a bad hair day. It just happens and you don't know why and you just have to live with it for the time being. I still sit for the whole time. The quality may not seem as good as the other days, but I think there is something going on anyway on a level that I don't understand or see. I still have a better day with what I may perceive as low-fi meditation than if I don't meditate at all. Just some thoughts I wanted to share with you.

 I THINK I'VE HEARD MY CALLING, BUT I WANT IT TO CALL BACK LATER I know that some of my faithful readers are agnostic. I won't name any names like Juan from Chile who wants to know how big my penis is. (Obtenga una vida, mi amigo.) I believe in a higher power. I believe that divine intelligence was somehow involved with creating the little amoebas that split apart, walked on land and instigated all the mysteries in life that I do not understand like putting two Waffle Houses catty-corner at the same intersection. I like to believe in God because otherwise it would mean that I'm it and that's a responsibility that I do not choose to accept thank you very much. I have many experiences in my life that cannot be explained. No, I haven't been drinking. I'm talking about being a predicament and needing an answer or help and having only prayer left and then voila - the perfect solution came out of nowhere like Hollywood film. It's the kind of experience that makes your skin tingle like a an astringent cleaner with an alcohol to water ratio of 99.9% to 00.1%. Okay, I'm stalling. This is sort of a weird post. I don't know why I'm writing it at 12:59am in the morning, but I feel compelled to write it. Marianne Williamson once said on one of her lecture tapes that if you feel like you have something you need to say, there is probably someone who needs to hear it. Hopefully, it will be some lone soul surfing the Internet who comes across my blog and isn't blind. Over the past few years I have had an impression of something that I needed to do. I won't say that God told me to write a book because then you start imagining George Burns as God and I look nothing like John Denver. In fact, I'm still a bit upset that no one even bothered to tell me that George Burns died. All it would have taken is to call me up, say, "Jef, George Burns is dead. I know. Get over it!" My mother once told me that she read that John Denver liked to mow his lawn in the nude. I've never forgotten that. I think of it whenever John Denver comes to mind. Then I remember that John Denver and I had the same government teacher... Mrs. Marsh. Of course, she taught John Denver at Arlington Heights High School in Fort Worth and she taught me in Burleson, Texas. She also taught Betty Buckely too. I didn't really like her very much. I mean Mrs. Marsh. I have nothing against Betty Buckley. I have strayed again from the subject. Okay. So over the fast ten years I have had a very strong impression that I needed to write down the things that I have learned about life and what has worked for me in a very simple format that people can understand. I believe that there are certain universal or spiritual principles that work just as consistently as the law of gravity or physics. I have started the book many times, but then I begin to question who I think I am to write this book. I wonder what I will say. I wonder if what I will write will be good enough. I wonder if people will get angry and send me exploding fruitcakes. I have been able to avoid it for the most part for the past ten years by keeping busy with day-to-day things. However, since January I have felt like God has been giving me a gentle nudge to take action again. It's like he keeps putting the thought in my mind now. I receive an e-mail for the top ten ways to get started on your self-help book via e-mail. A friend of mine begins have some troubles and I begin writing the book in e-mails and sending it to her and I realize that I'm writing the book so I stop. It's like every cell in my body is vibrating and telling me, "Just write the damn book!" So, I wrote a contract with God that I would produce one chapter a week. I am commiting to that. Anthing more that I do in a week is just icing on the cake. I'm avoiding it any way I can, but now that I have gotten that off my chest, I'll go ahead and start. Today's chapter is about forgiveness. I guess I'd better start now or I'll never forgive myself.

 SOUTHLAND IN THE SPRINGTIME I got up early to follow up on the settlement statement for today's closing. For morning closings, I like to have the HUD the day before so I can review the figures and make sure there are no mistakes for my client. It also lets me know how much money they need to bring to the closing. I had that resolved a little before 10:00am. I took a quick shower. I bought a house journal to give them and wrapped it in a nice wrappign paper that matches my business card. Make fun of me if you like, but this type of thing has worked in getting me so much business. I left the top down last night. It was warm when I left for my closing this morning so I left the top down. I got on the highway and I realized that my hair was noc completely dry. I had pulled out the All Hits album by All Saints to listen to on my drive today. Remember them? The edgey Spice Girls. I love Pure Shores, which was from that movie The Beach. William Orbit, of Ray Of Light fame, wrote and produced it. Great song for having the top down. When I parked in the garage and looked in the rear view mirror, I saw Elsa Lancaster as The Bride Of Frankenstein. It wasn't pretty. I looked like I was auditioning for a B-52's musical review. With some force and a little spit, I was able to tame it down a bit, but I was still sporting some maximum volume. I looked like a pineable... a S-E-X-X-Y pineapple. The closing went well. I love closing with George and Mark. George is so much fun to work with and Mark does a great job with the closing. The client was a little nervous. He's only borrowing about quarter of a million. It's understanable. We kept the conversation going with he and his girlfriend to take some of the edge off. They are such a great couple. I forgot their gift because the VP called just before I was walking out the door. I got involved with our conversatoin and just went off and left it on the dining room table. I have to admit, I did a damn fine job with that colored raffia ribbon. Who knows what I'll do next? After the closing, I tooled up to Buck head to run two errands before coming back Jef Base Alpha. I was at a stoplight with my sporty shaes on. The sun was giving my skin a hot wet kiss and the wind blew through the Bradford pear trees overhead. A swarmd of delicate, white tree blossoms descended upon my head and into the cockpit of my car. It made me think of the song Southland In The Springtime by the Indigo Girls. I've always liked that song. One verse is about Texas, my first home, and the second verse is about Georgia, my second. It made me think of Joan, Susan and I slurring our way through the song at 800 Benge Street right after I had graduated from college. Good times. It is such a beautiful day.

 GAY PILL I wrote a story a few years ago about a lesbian couple and a gay couple who are friends. One day, one of the lesbians states that the pharmaceutical company that she works for has come up with a pill that can chemically rewire you into being straight. Because she is a valued employee, she can have four of these pills in a test trial. She asks the others if they would like a pill. The older of the male couple wants children and agrees to take one of the pills. "What happens to me?" Asks the other guy. The elder of the lesbians takes one of the pills too. She doesn't want to be discriminated against anymore. A few months later, the older lesbian visits the younger lesbian. She wants to make amends. Changing her sexual orientation did not keep her from being discrimanted against. They found other things about her to set her apart. The younger lesbian kiss her goodbye and sends her on her way The older man seeks out the younger man. He is married to a woman now and his wife is pregnant. He can't get the younger guy out of his mind. He is very sexually attracted to his wife, but he still thinks like a gay man. The younger guy explains that a pill may allow you to have sex with a woman now, but being gay, your personalitym they are all learned and developed. A pill is not going to resolve that. It can take your identity away. The older man cries and crumbles as the younger man walks away.

 USING MY WONDER GAY POWERS I get so tired of hearing people talking about gay people making other people, especially children, gay. What are we supposed to do? Slime them?! If we can make someone gay, couldn't we make them ungay? Wouldn't we make ourselves ungay? It would be a heck of a lot easier to be a straight, white male. If I could make anyone gay, I would make George W. Bush gay. "Wonder Gay powers... activate!" I would make him gay, nellie and a B.O.B. (Big Ol' Bottom). I want his experiene to be as far as removed from his world now so that he can gain some perspective. Let him see how the decisions he is making in his office are affecting the people who may have very little in common with him. Heck, while we're at it, let's make him a woman. How about a little color? African-American? Asian? Hispanic? Pacific Islander? Better yet, let's make him transgendered and desiring to have his penis split down the middle and forced up inside his body to form an artifical vagina. Now let's ask him what sort of rights he should have? Then I would send a bevy of adolescent Bible-thumpin' boys with his chains into his room to show him what they do to his kind in these parts. No, I wouldn't. Treating him like that doesn't make it right. It brings me down to his level and that's not what Jesus would do. Maybe it's because I'm growing older, but I seem unable to tolerate discrimation of any kind with every year.

 BREAKING UP IS HARD TO DO My friend, T., called from Dallas today. She just received another promotion three weeks ago, which means she has reached level seven in less than five years. Most of her other co-workers have taken ten years or more to reach that level. It's had her thinking. Her partner moved out of state for a promotion last fall and they have had a long distance relationship ever since. They were experiencing some troubles last summer and almost broke up, but decided to get back together. T. hasn't had much luck finding a job in the other state. Her partner is working 16-hour days seven days a week. Some of the issues from last summer are resurfacing again. If T. quits her job to move out of state, will she even be able to see her parnter if she works all the time. What if things don't work out between them. She's grown use to living alone now. She doesn't want to depend upon her partner to take care of her financially. If T. moves out of state and it doesn't work out, she's lost everything she's worked for: promotion and the relationship. T: What should I do? Jef: What do you want to do? T. I'm feeling like I may want to just let go. Jef: Is that what you feel on a gut-level. Silence Jef: Well? T: I think so. Jef: It's been nine years. Are you sure that you don't want some time to think about it? T: I want to give it some time, but I'm pretty sure I know what I want. It's like I have been grieving what used to be for the past few months. Jef: Have y'all thought about counseling? T: She won't go. She doesn't want to deal with what she's running from. Jef: Maybe that's why she works so much. T: Yeah, you're probably right. Jef: You know, I love you both and want what's best for the both of you. T: I know. We've been through this before so many times, haven't we? Jef: It's just like taking out the Christmas tree each year. It's nothing that a swirl at JR's can't fix. T: Only if the DJ will play the Celine Dion video for Misled. Jef: Whatever you want. T: I still care about her. Jef: I know. T: I always will. Jef: I know. T: Why do I feel so bad? Jef: You can't make someone deal with their stuff if they don't want to. It's like the sneeze guard at Souper Salad. You see the pasta salad in front of you, but you can't touch it because their is this invisible sneeze guard between you and the pasta salad. You know what I mean? The pasta salad has to let the sneeze guard down. She won't let her sneeze guard down. You can't blame yourself for that. Don't blame her, just accept where she's at. T: Your analogies scare me. What scares me more is that I understand them. Silence T: I love you. Jef: I love you too.

 BUSH ALLOWS GAYS TO BE FIRED FOR BEING GAY From the urlLink Mis-Leader Despite President Bush's pledge that homosexuals "ought to have the same rights" (1) as all other people, his Administration this week ruled that homosexuals can now be fired from the federal workforce because of their sexual orientation. According to the Federal Times, the president's appointee at the Office of Special Counsel ruled that federal employees will now "have no recourse if they are fired or demoted simply for being gay." (2) While the Bush Administration says it is legally prohibited from firing a person for their conduct, they have the legal right to fire or demote someone based on their sexual orientation. To carry out the directive, the White House has begun removing information from government websites about sexual orientation discrimination in the workplace. (3) Not only does the new directive contradict the president's own promise to treat homosexuals as equals under the law, but it also contradicts what the Administration told Congress. As noted in a bipartisan letter from four Senators to the Administration, "During the confirmation process [of the president's appointee], you assured us that you were committed to protecting federal employees against unlawful discrimination related to their sexual orientation." (4) Sources: 1. Debates, 10/11/2000. 2. "OSC to study whether bias law covers gays", Federal Times, 03/15/2004 3. "Gay Rights Information Taken Off Site", Washington Post, 02/18/2004 4. "Special Counsel Under Scrutiny", Washington Post, 02/23/2004

 ONE OF MY FAVORITE INSPIRATIONAL QUOTES I was shuffling through some papers in my filing cabinet when I came across a piece of paper that had one of my favorite quotes written on it. It's both inspiring and funny. Try everything except incest and folk dancing. -Sir Thomas Beacham

 IS IT KOSHER TO DISCUSS OUR FOIBLES? 2F's read part of my blog the other day when I had left it up on my computer and went to fix dinner. "You paint me out to be some sort of horrible ogre!" He exclaimed. "No," I replied. "I just wrote that you had a very rough day and you were a bit grouchy toward me when you came home. I have my days too." This offered no relief and the discussion moved on to new topics. However, it has stayed with me for the last few weeks. Last night at dinner, my friends were discussing my blog. "I waste so much time going back to your blog to see if you have written anything new yet," said Paul, who is one of the biggest supporters of my creative efforts. "I'm sure they advertise a 12-Step Program in Creative Loafing for that." I replied. "Don't mock me, princess." He said with his left eyebrown arched menancingly. "Does 2F's read your blog? Does he know what you write about him?" "No, not usually. He read part of a post the other day and was none too pleased. Why do you ask that?" So a discussion insued. What was the result? I posted some details of a wonderful man's foibles in a fair manner, but in a bold or foolish way depending upon whom you talk to. What is the point of having freedom of expression if you can't use it? So, after meditating upon this for awhile, I figure that in the interest of equal time for both political parties, I would write an ode to everything wonderful about 2F's. The first thing you notice about him is that he really listens to you and makes you feel like you are the most important person in the world. He is very kind toward all people and is the perfect host when anyone comes to visit. He will turn around and go back to help someone change a tire on the highway. He has been known to leaven envelopes of money in the mailboxes of friends who are having a moment of financial unrest. He is very funny and can make me laugh when he's acting silly. He's very, very intelligent and his analytica prowess can be intimidating at times. His intrinsic desire is to do the right thing for everybody, even when it may not be the outcome that would be best for him or that he would prefer. He is very dedicated to his family and friends. He's very handsome too. Now I could mention that the first time I met him, he told me that I looked like Timothy McVey, but I don't want to spoil the image or mood that I weaved, so I won't mention that. I will mention, however, that he is the first person I have met that I ever felt like I would lay down my life for. And that, ladies and gentlemen, is my ode to the wonderful qualities of 2F's.

 WHEN YOU LEAST EXPECT IT... I am a member of urlLink Image Film & Video Center . They held a free screening at the Central Atlanta Fulton County Public Library. It was entitled When You Least Expect It... A Queer Shorts Program . I met some friends downtown last night and we enjoyed the show. I was a few minutes late because one of my clients called as I was walking out the door. I hate being late, but my clients come first. He had just realized that he needed to bring $1,000 more to Friday's closing than he originally thought. I calmed him down and we explored his options. I reminded him that his first mortgage payment will not be due until May 1st so I adivsed that he may want to take a $1,000 cash advance from one of his credit cards, bring that t closing and he can pay it back in April. I presented a solution and that calmed him down. Clients become so excited in the beginning when they are buying a home. There is so much going on to distract them when we go over the Good Faith Estimate (GFE) and I advise them what the monthly payment will be and how much money they will need to bring to closing. We came into the screening room and sat down during the middle of the first one, Encounter by Lou Peterson. A young gay man is walking through the park when an older man approaches him and offers him $100 to be intimate with him. The young man freaks out and goes home. He thinks about things and then goes out to find the man again. He finds him in his car and offers to go home with him, but the man can only look; he can't touch. The man says they must go back to his place because he doesn't know the kid isn't a serial killer. They go back to the young man's place and the older man takes ten $10 bills out of an envelope and gives them to the young man. He says that he puts a $10 bill in an envelope each day so that he could be with somone like him. It's very creepy and ends with the young man taking his shirt off and the older man walking up to him. It's unclear to me what the director was trying to convey with this one. If he was going for creepy, he didn't go far enough because it just ended without any sort of resolution. This Car Up by Eric Mueller has an unusual format. In the lower side of the screen we see the action taking place in the lives of Pete, a 30ish white collar worker and a 20ish bicyle messenger. They are very different from one another. Pete is clean cut and smokes. The messenger is tattooed and pierced and using the patch to give up smoking. In the upper portion of the screen, we see what they are thinking or imagining. They run into one another downstairs by the bike rack while Pete is smoking and the messenger has just finished delivering a package to Pete's office. There is an attraction, but before they can do anything about it, the messenger's pager goes off. Duty calls. We see them thinking about one another over the weekend and then on Monday, the messenger returns to talk to Pete as he is about to have a package sent to himself. It was a sweet story. The format was a little confusing at first until I figured out the footage on the top of the screen was their thoughts. The acting was good and the actors had good chemistry. I liked the fact that they came from different worlds. There are voiceovers from TV programs that were not readily apparent to me how they related to the story. All in all, I liked it. Seventy by Q. Allan Brocka, may have been my favorite. A straight man goes to visit his gay best friend on his birthday. They have been friends since they were 15. Knowing that his friend is in love with him, the straight man decides to give himself to his gay friend on his 70th birthday. They have sex and then the straight man feels guilty and says he made a mistake. "You cannot tell Suzanna (his wife!)" he says as opens a door to leave. There is Suzanna along with many other friends in a room decorated for a birthday party. Holding a cake with a half-melted "70" birthday candle, Suzanna looks somewhat confused by the situation and can only say, "Surprise!" Boy, that was an understatement. This story has an interesting twist that I think has always been there for gay men who have close straight friends. It was short and succinct. It featured older men in their 60's. It was very fresh to me. My only complaint is trying to figure out why the straight man chose to open a door that he should have known led to another room instead of the front door. Perhaps he was going to finish dressing in there. Come to think of it, maybe it was his birthday and that's why his wife could not come with him to visit his friend. The gay character practices asking where she is in the beginning. Maybe it was the straight man's birthday, but that doesn't make much sense since he was giving himself to the gay man for the gay man's birthday. Perhaps this one could use some fine tuning. Las Amigas Bonitas by Susan Youssef was probably my lease favorite. It opens with two Hispanic girls sitting on the curb in front of a convenience store. As the camera slowly moves across the parking lot toward them, one girl takes an apple out of her purse and bites into it. She then offers it to her buctcher (when a woman dresses, cuts her hair and mannerisms tend to be more manly than lady like, not someone whos cuts and sells meat for a living) friend. The butch girl has a flash back to the night before where her mother is beating her little brother, who is under the kitchen table, with a wooden spoon. The butch girl throws her mother against the wall. She runs to the convenience store, where I believe she works based upon her shirt. A fellow employee is there. She consoles her. She kisses her. The butch girl wakes up in a bed and watches the wind blow sheer curtains in the sunlight. Cut back to the girls sitting on the curb and eating the apple. I'm still not sure what that was all about. The photography was nice though. Mother's Day by David Quantic was both humerous and dramatic. Isaac brings his younger brother, Dougie, home to live with both he and his partner, Josh. Tension arises when Isaac refuses to tell Dougie that he and Josh are lovers. Dougie has been through some sort of accident, which I assume was a car crash based upon Dougie waking up from his sleep with the sound of a car crash in his head. He watches videos of his mother talking to him and how the psychiatrist thinks it best that he live with his brother for awhile. She seems pretty cool toward the living arrangement with Josh. Things don't go well. Josh doesn't bathe and or do anything. He sits and watches videos of he and his old girlfriend and skims through a high school yearbook. Josh gives Isaac the ultimatum of telling him about their relationship. Isaac, a handsome man who is not too pretty, cannot reveal the truth so tells Dougie that Josh will help him look for an apartment. On the way out, Dougie calls Isaac "Dad" and asks if he can go to the high school dance. Confused, Isaac says they will talk about it later. Dougie refuses to relate to Josh at breakfast, but makes a reference toward his mother. Josh has an idea and dresses up like Dougie's mother. He responds and Josh makes Dougie clean up before they go buy some clothes for the dance. They go to a store and try on a rather 80's looking ensemble. Josh is moved by the sheer joy that Dougie experiences but disturbed at how he is trapped in time. They return home expecting the girlfriend to call so that her parents can talk to his parents about getting pizza afterwards. The girl does call, but she is living in the present. She has met someone new and cannot wait for Dougie anymore. He collapses. The last scene has Josh visiting Dougie in the hospital. Isaac doesn't know how to relate to Dougie. The film ends with Josh opening the curtain to let in the light in the room. I enjoyed this one, but it seems to show more information being clarified about the actors. It would probably make a nice main stream full-length film with Ben Stiller and the blonde Owens brother with the broken nose. It has humor, but pathos as well. The Fair And The Weak by Lauren Cook uses stock footage of girls and women from the '30, '40's and '50's to provide the visuals for a voice over from a lesbian who has been done wrong by many types of women. It was very appealing and funny. It was voted most likely to have been written by me by my friend, Paul. Ritchie's Itch by Michael Shea was a popular favorite among my group. A straight man wakes up from a dream where he is running naked in the woods while being chased by another naked man. They had been talking when suddenly they were naked and he starts running from the other man. They are about to have sex, when he wakes up... with a semi-erection. The man is disturbed by the dream and tells a buddy on the construction site about it. Through a hillarious discourse, his buddy manages to convince Ritchie that the dream is symbolic and nothing to worry about it. He finally convinces Ritchie he is not gay when he pulls out his penis and asks him, "Are you gettin hard? Do you wanna snack on this? No? You're not gay." The dream reoccurs at the end. However, this time the person waking up his Ritchie's Buddy. It was very well acted and written. It fit in nicely with the program, but I wouldn't necessarily say it was a queer film. It was very gay friendly. I didn't find it to be disparaging toward homosexuals at all. Afterwards, we went to the Landmark Diner. I was frustrated by the strong potato presence on the menu. "Just get double vegetables," Tim suggested. "I don't want half a plate of steamed brocoli," I whined back. I had a tasty chef salad instead.

 HOW TO TICKLE A PICKLE Betty Bowers, America's Best Christian, features a "How To" article by Laura Bush, urlLink A Christian Lady's Guide to the Disgusting Marital Obligation of Biannual Fellatio . This just isn't right, but the depravity of Betty Bowers always keeps me in line. Ironically, I rather like Laura Bush. Anyone who could have murdered her first boyfriend, got away with it and married a future president demands respect.

 MABELINE SAMPLES ENTERS THE RING My friend, Steve, is entering the ring for drag queen mud wrestling next Monday at the Throckmorton Mining Company in Dallas. He's been thinking about it since last year when they first started it. Therefore, Monday, Mabeline Samples enters the ring!I am so bummed that I'm going to miss it. I actually thought about hopping on a plane and going, but I have a closing so I cannot justify being gone. If you live in the area, stop by and support him. Tell him Jef sent you. I'd like to tell you about Steve and how I met him. I've been friends with Steve since 1993. My best friend had not only just tested positive for hiv, but had full-blown aids to boot. This revealed to his circle of friends that there was a side of Kent, that we did not not know about. There was a side that was willing to forgo a condom if he thought the person would leave. I remember being dumbfounded and trying to figure out how my bestfriend since I was 13 and spent most of my free time with could feel so alone. I was temping in a job that was showing no signs of hiring me. I quit working for a week and just stayed in bed for a few days. I discovered that even if you roll over on your stomach and put your pillow over your head, you don't stop thinking. You don't quit realizing that your world and your relationship with your best friend is about to change. You are scared for him and his health. You are scared that you may not be good enough of a person to be there for him. You wonder how you can have a college degree and still barely make enough to survive on. You wonder how is it fair that you can be in perfect health and your best friend is sick and there is no cure. I wondered how I could still live with someone that I knew could not be a boyfriend or a friend anymore even though we struggled with a relationship that blurred the lines. It was the one area that I probably knew what to do, but the state of the other areas of my life made that decision impossible. I went to the Gay & Lesbian Young Adults meeting. It was always sort of a hit or miss thing for me. At that point there were more people in high school than in the early 20's like me. I was always amazed at the number of straight-acting boys I would see come to the meeting, meet some new friends and then - FLAME ON - they were a drag queen in street clothes. In time, they would swing back to find a healthy balance between the two. They just wanted to feel like they belonged to some group and fit in. There were some friends I made, but never close ones. Afterwards we go to Hunky's to eat. Most of the group couldn't go to bars. Somehow, I ran into Kent's boyfriend at the time. Evidently they had used condoms because Dan's test came back negative. Kent hinted at one person that he thought it may have been who infected him, but I'm not even sure if he really knows. I never met the guy. He was a name as well as a statistic. I'm not even sure if it was important to Kent to know who it was. Dan sees that I'm still very down about what has happened. He began to tell me a story that I thought was going to be very stupid, but it turned out to be one of the most useful things I have learned in my life. During the decline of Fergie's marriage with Prince Andrew she was feeling very depressed. She gained a bunch of weight. She was the object of princess backlash while Princess Diana was adored. She turned to her grandmother for advice. Her grandmother told her that she should go volunteer and help people. When you do that, you are focusing on helping other people with their problems and you are not focused on your own. It makes you feel better. Fergie took it to heart and it worked. It helped her get through one of the darkest periods in her life. I sat and looked at Dan for a moment. Inside, I felt my inner ding go off and I knew that this was something that I needed to do. I called the aids resource center and volunteered as a condom guerilla. We met on Tuesday nights and stuffed safe sex kits. Afterwards, we usually made condom runs to some of the local bars. It was here that I met Steve. How do I describe him? He's like the smell of Tollhouse cookies baking. You are always happy to see him and he makes you feel very comfortable. I instantly liked him. We met at his apartment and Steve prepared screw drivers for all of us before we made our condom run. Steve did some contract work for Seagrams and had lots of alchohol. The screwdrives came in those large 48 ounce plastic cups. I couldn't understand why the screwdriver effected me so much, but I later learned that for the orange flavor and color, Steve would stir the vodka with an orange popsicle. I was basically drinking 48 ounces of vodka. As we walked through the Crews Inn, I handed out safe sex kits. People were appreciative. People asked questions. I answered them and was surprised at the lack of knowledge among so many people. I actually felt better. I wasn't focused on Kent and my own situation. This was my first step of coming out of my funk. Somehow Steve and I ended up talking on the phone. We laughed, but we had some deep discussions too. He knew that I was out of work and offered to hire me to do some work for him. This was my second step to coming out of the funk. I would show up each day. We talked a bit as I worked and I realized that I had choices. I could choose how I looked at Kent and his situation. I could see him dying or I could see him living. We talked. He said that he may might have to be by himself sometimes, but he knew that I was there. I had choices regarding my work situation and I soon found another job. Steve and I began to hang out a bit. Sometimes we wander around JR's and the Village Station and just have fun. I began to realize that Chris and I no longer needed to live together and was slowly becoming comfortable with that idea. I cared about him and knew he cared about me, but not in the right way. We hurt each other more than we helped each other. He had successfully come out and adjusted to his sexuality now. He even made some friends of his own. It was time for me to let go and give him a push out of the nest and move on with my life. It's hard to put into words what Steve did for me. He was someone who just offered to be there with me as I struggled to walk again. Some people may not think it was much, but when the idea of getting out of bed is overwhelming, help like that is a huge blessing. We are still close, but we don't have as much frequent contact. With time, you don't have to. You pick up right where you left off. You talk about what is really important. It's like having $25 in birthday money to buy anything you want. You choose carefully. Ten years ago I could not see the beauty in that. Now I can.

 MEMORIES OF MY MY LITTLE SISTER'S FIRST SEIZURE Every morning I get up early and have some morning time. I write three pages of stream-of-conscious writing called Morning Pages , which Julia Cameron discusses in her book The Artist Way . Sometimes what comes to me is la la la stuff. Sometimes it helps me vent. Sometimes it's just a big brain flush. Other days it helps me organize my ideas, goals, etc. Some days I even have thoughts come up that surprise me and lead me into a new and exciting direction. Today, I had a memory from 1986. We had gone to Gun Barrel City for a family reunion on my father's side. I remember that I we listened to Belinda Carlisle's Belinda albumand Madonna's True Blue on the way there. It was hot. We ate a lot. I saw relatives that I had never met before and that are now in prison from what I hear. (I should write to them.) My little sister played with several of the other kids and wore herself out. When we arrived home, she lay on the couch resting from the vigorous activity of the day. Suddenly her eyes rolled back in her head and she started convulsing. My mother picked her up and ran to the bathtub. She poured cold water over her my little sister while my father found the rubbing alcohol. They begin to give my little sister a sponge bath with the rubbing alcohol. I believe this brings down the body temperature so that the swelling of the brain, which is causing the seizure, will go down. Finally, the seizure stopped, but my little sister wasn't responding. We rushed to the car. My mother, carrying my sister, was in the back. My father rode shotgun while I drove. My mother told me to do 100mph, so I did. Eventually a Texas Highway Patrolman put on his lights and signaled for me to pull over. My mother, caught up in the excitement of the situation, flailed her left arm like a broken wing and urged me to keep driving. She was afraid that if we stopped, it might cause brain damage. My father insisted that we stop and my mother hopped out of the car and ran back to the patrol car shouting and waiving her arms in the air. I just knew she would be shot. Now days, she probably would have been. She quickly explained the situation to the officer and soon he was leading the way for us to the hospital. Once at the hospital, we took my sister to the emergency room where she quickly responded. The doctor told us we did the right thing and there was no sign of any brain damage from the seizure. Although when my little sister behaves in any way that is not congruent with my mother's expactations, she will mention that the seizure is probably the key to my sister's undoing. This brings another thought to mind. Why do the British say they are going to hospital and Americans say that they are going to the hospital?

 MY CREATIVE ENDEAVORS ARE MY CHILDREN Yesterday was a long day. I finished with my new client's file about 6:30 and went to the gym. I worked out and came back and made dinner. We ate and then I cleaned up the kitchen and decided to go upstairs and watch Absolutely Fabulous, Series 5. I had seen the first two episodes on TV, but had missed the others. It's difficult for my to commit to television because I lead a very active life. When I'm home, I just don't think about watching TV. In fact, I have no idea when any particular show comes on. I'm watching Patsy & Edina and I notice that they have changed the opening music and credits. This season seems to be funnier. I notice that some of the characters are beginning to look older. How long has this show been on? Good grief! The first series was shown on the BBC in 1992 and it debuted on Comedy Central in 1994. That's twelve years! I was really inspired by this series when it came out. I was in a play at the time and had one of the lead roles and several members of the cast began hanging out together. It was summer and we'd sit by the pool and drink and talk about writing our own series and filming it with local cable access. I still have several of the scripts. However, by autumn, our little group had drifted apart as quickly as it had come together. I became involved in another one of my dysfunctioal relationships that my friends referred to as another one of my "growing experiences." Nothing happened with any of the scripts that I wrote between 1994-1996. I found them recently when I was looking for something in the catacombs of the My Documents folder. For the most part, they are very good, but need a bit of spit and polish. By summer, maybe I will have finished my outstanding unfinished projects and can find some local film-makers at Image that might like to do something with them. I could also share them with the writers group. I sat awhile after I turned off the TV. I thought how much I admired Jennifer Saunders for writing and starring in this series. I thought about twelve years and all the time that I've let slip by without doing anything with my creativity during those ten years since I first saw Absolutely Fabulous . If my children were born in 1994, they would be ten years old. It occured to me that in a sense, my creative endeavors are my children. When I let them shine, they make me proud like children. I can surround myself with my artwork and see it every day.It may sound that I am sad, but I'm not. Instead of using this as something to beat myself down with, I actually find it more motivating to actually get in the ball and do more now. I can't go back so why cry over it.? Besides, I needed the time to work through those growing experiences and become the person that I am today. Not everyone is supposed to be successful with their creative efforts an early age. For some reason, Dabney Coleman and Whoopi Goldberg come to mine. So far this year, I've been off to a good start. The most exciting thing is that I don't know where the next turn will take me or what I will find. I love adventure!

 TESTOSTERONE & SO MUCH MORE I have to write a story in 2,000 words or less about testosterone for my writers group. I decided to goolgle the "T" word and do some research for a not-so-obvious angle on this male hormone. Do you know how many Web sites are out there for testosterone?! 14 billion! Most of them are focused on muscle building or women going through menopause. What is this testosterone gel? "Honey, you've cut off your finger with the chainsaw. Why don't you put some testostrone gel on the stump and your finger will grow back in a matter of minutes." Ouch! I knew a girl once who said that she refused to write about people losing their limbs because she felt as if she was attracting that kind of thing to happen to her. She would generally cross her arms and legs at that tme as if she might lose them by joy driving her desk around the classroom and losing her arm on a mailbox. People get hung up over extremities. Animals aren't that way at all. They go with the flow. "Oh, my legs are gone. When did that happen? Hey, a squirrel. ARF! ARF! ARF!" For example, Buddy, my cat, was accidently hit by a car cutting through the drive way of the old house. It was one of the worst breaks the vet had ever seen. Some of her femur was powderized. The choice was either to take the leg off or put her to sleep. It was worse on us that it was on her. It's a hind leg so she hops around the house and she can pull herself up on the couch with front claws. With the exception of falling down in the litter box as she was kicking kitty litter onto her business, she doesn't generally have much of a problem. In fact, it's one less thing she has throw behind her head to lick her anus. Of course, every once in a while I catch her cocking her ear to the side and the nub moves as if she is scratching herself, but she is basically shooting blanks. Animals aren't concerned with image. When is the last time you heard a dog or cat walk into a room and ask their owner, "Do you think I'm fat?" No, I rest my case.

 THE TOP 10 DO'S & DON'TS OF PITCHING OPRAH Most people believe that getting on Oprah will make them richer than Joe Millionaire. For your career to careen toward the stars, you must prepare to make the most of your appearance. Here are 10 do's and don'ts to help you reach the dream of being on Oprah. As a media coach and marketing expert, I have helped many people be great guests on Oprah. Follow this advice to increase your chances of getting on the show. 1. When you call producers, don't launch into a long rambling story about why you should be on Oprah. 2. Don't send huge amount of information, or your entire life story with photos from childhood, to producers. They have to sort through thousands of packages just like yours. Just send what's necessary. 3. Don't keep re-sending the same information over and over again if you have not gotten a response. You need to try a different angle or a twist with each new pitch. 4. Don't pitch yourself, your product, service or your book, instead pitch a newsworthy angle that appeals to her audience. 5. Don't leave a telephone pitch longer than 15 seconds via voicemail. Be sure to leave your phone number at the beginning and at the end of the call. Producers hate to wait until the end of the message to get your phone number. And if your message is too long they fast forward or just delete it. 6. Do send a very brief pitch letter outlining your concept or angle in one or two (short) paragraphs. 7. Do create an entire show with a theme and envision how each of the segments will unfold. List all of the guests on that segment who tie into your theme. Make sure you, of course, are the star of the segment. 8. Do make sure you are not replaceable. You must position yourself so that no one else can contribute the particular information and insights that you have. 9. Do have the a media room on your website that includes a two-minute video of your prior TV show appearances, a list of topics you are prepared to discuss, and your bio. 10. Do try to target the appropriate producer for your segment. You can call the receptionist and ask to be connected to the person who handles your beat (health, spirituality, books). If you are connected to a producer and they are not the right person for your area of expertise or for the topic of your segment, please use the opportunity to find out exactly whom you should be contacting and get their direct line. Good luck! About the Submitter: This piece was originally submitted by Susan Harrow, Top Media, Marketing & Book Proposal Coach , who can be reached at Publicist@prsecrets.com, or visited on the web. Copyright 2000-2004 CoachVille, LLC. May be distributed if full attribution is given and copyright notice is included. topten.org is a service of CoachVille.com, the leader in coach training.

 WHAT IS TRUTH? urlLink CCN.com ran a story today regarind the publication of a new book by Richard Clarke, the former counter-terrorism coordinator for the Bush Administration. Clarke claimed President Bush has done a terrible job battling terrorism in an interview on 60 Minutes last night. Likewise, officials for the Bush Administration say that Clarke was a disgruntled employee who passed over for a position in the Department of Homeland Security. It is implied that President Bush went into the White House in January of 2001 looking for some link to Iraq and was hoping to find one after the events of September 11th. What is the truth? It's hard to say. One could say that Clarke and Bush both know, but perhaps not. If Bush and Clarke were standing on opposite street corners and saw the same automobile accident, would they report the same thing? How does our upbringing, education and circle of friends influence what we see and how we interpret it? I'm concerned by the lack of interest that some Americans have in verifying information they receive from friends, family, TV, radio, newspapers, magazines, the Internet, etc. If I don't particularly follow either Kerry or Bush in the media, if a co-worker tells me that one is a good candidate and one is not, I'll probably buy into their opinion because I have no other information to compare it to. It's subjective and not necessarily accurate. If a candidate voted for or opposed a bill in Congress, you can run a spin on it both ways. If Congressman Smith votes for a bill to prosecute against sexual assault offenders, most people would interpret that as a good thing. He's playing tough ball with rapists and protecting women. On the other hand, if we find out more about this bill and it states that an alleged rapist can be tried and sentenced without requiring any physical proof, such as DNA, to prove his guilt, this would change our opinion about Congressman Smith's decision. We have to do our research before we buy into our opinion. If you don't like Kerry, but don't know any particular facts to discredit him as a potential President, just say, "You know, I just don't like Kerry for some reason." I would have more respect for this than someone who makes up stuff about Kerry to show him in a poor light. The same goes for Bush. I was discussing the Martha Stewart trial with friends at both lunch and dinner. I personally feel that she did not receive a fair trial. There is no way she can. She is too well known. Everyone knows has heard that she treats employees badly and had an affair with her daughter's fiancee, but she also can turn work cornhusk into something beautiful like nobody's business. Martha did something wrong. Yes, and she deserves to pay the consequences for it. However, should she receive a felony for lying and 20 years in prison? Prisons are croweded enough. Fine her and get a big payoff to pay for all the other prisoners. Our words and thoughts are very powerful things. If I accuse John Doe of molesting a child, regardless of whether he is guilty or innocent, Mr. Doe is going to experience some negative effects of that accusation and it could ruin his reputation or business. Does it have to be true? No, but the power is still there. We must use our words and thoughts responsibly. Now let's take that home a bit. If a child makes a mistake and I tell him that he is stupid for making that mistake, he may grow up to believe that he is stupid. If I tell that a child that he tried his best and if he keeps trying, he'll get it right, there is a good chance that child will continue to demonstrate success in what he does again and again and again. However, how many times do we abuse that inner child in ourselves and keep ourselves stuck when we could be supporting ourselves to soar. Over the past few weeks I have had many opportunities to say, "I can't do this. I don't know how. This is new and I'm scared," but I just broke it down in steps and took it one step at time. I told myself that I could do those things and demonstrated that success. Hence, I have another couple of loans closing next month. We are bombarded with messages each day from loved ones, radio, TV, etc. We have the choice to buy into and believe what we hear or we can analyze and choose to reinforce the thoughts and words that are going to help us build success instead of helping us to destroy our self-esteem and accomplishment. For today, I challenge you to listen to your self-talk. How many negative things do you say about yourself or others each day? How much information do you take in each day without discretion as far as the source and the veracity of those statements? If you find a lot of negativity there, put a spin on it. Something that may have sucked before or been from hell can now be challenging to your peace of mind or an opportunity for growth. You can always start over again in each new moment. And to quote Mel & Kim, "It only takes a moment to feel alright."

 JEFFFIFER MEETS BRIANIFER Tonight Jeff and I went to dinner with Brian and Brian. It was very interesting to break bread with two people with the same name. Now I know what it's like when Jeff and I go to dinner with other people. We went to Loco Luna, a tapas bar. FYI, be sure to enunciate when telling your mother what you did this past weekend. Otherwise she'll want to know why you went to a topless bar. Brian bought a new mobile phone today. It's very tiny. In fact, I would say it's trial size. I ordered a strawberry margarita because I had been without one for so long. We ordered several different things. I enjoyed the salmon over the sweet potato mash with orange puree. The chicken skewers were good too. I had seared tuna as well. The conversation was good. Everything they seemed to say was interesting and we laughed a lot too. My only criticism is that the restaurant was too loud. Afterwards, we walked over to Jake's for ice cream. I had a dip of strawberry cheesecake and chocolate laya cake. I don't know what anyone else had because it was one of those rare all-about-me moments. Brian and Briand told Roxie stories and we told Buddy stories. We laughed some more. Next, we are planning to go to Six Flags Over Georgia. I also realized that I really want to go to the Blondie concert. I love their new song Good Boys. Okay. I must go to bed now. I'm falling asleep. I just had to share.

 WORD FOR TODAY Salad Days, noun: a time of youthful inexperience, innocence, or indescretion. Example: Thelma remembered her salad days of time spent at Taco Bell on Friday nights and cruising the strip. Now her fine dining consisted of Jenny Craig and cruising consisted of chasing a diaperless two-year-old through the house.

 JEF UNDER GLASS Looking back over the past few months I have kept this blog, I have noticed that my posts have increased in length and have become somewhat more introspective. I no longer focus on writing what I think other people want to read, but what words, thoughts and ideas come to me when I cast the net of my mind out into the cosmos. Was today a good catch? Today was what I felt. Today was what I thought. Today is what is. I never kept a jounral except back in 1995 for a few months. I dawned on me this evening that if something were to happen to me, this is would be all that is left to document who I was, what I thought and how I felt. Is it an accurate reflection? I don't know. If after I have returned to the dust from which I came, could someone accurately reconstruct my personality and essence based upon the words I commited to ASCII and uploaded to a server? Could they piece together my psyche and understand what was important to me. Would they know for sure what I felt my purpose was to come into this world and whether or not I felt that I was successful in achieving it? I don't know. Perhaps, time will tell. Perhaps my children or my family will cherish these posts one day as it may be the only link to someone who was once flesh and blood to them, but now is fading fast with every waking moment of consciousness.

 REMEMBERING TRACY When I was in high school, I had a friend named Tracy. She was a reminder that there were two sorts of people outside the norm. One was a free spirit who lived their life freely out of curiosity and a celebration of life. The other was a rebel who lived their life fueled by hopelessness and anger. Tracy said what she wanted to say whenever she felt like saying it to whom she felt like saying it. She once told me that she caught a live rat and took it to I-35, dowsed it with gasoline and then lit it with a match. She said, "Boy, you should have seen it fly up the highway. It passed two semis." I laughed at the time partly out of picturing this scene with a cartoon rat or puppet like they used in the movie Caddy Shack . I also laughed because there was a gaping void between Tracy and I that felt uncomfortable not to be filled with something. I realize now that I am older that this was simply and early sign of a potential serial killer. Thinking of a human being torturing an animal in such a way as that makes my stomach turn. Granted rats are considered vermin and carrier of disease, but nothing deserves to die that way. I no longer picture an animated rodent, but a living thing suffering. Tracy once unbent a paper clip and put it in my hand. "Do you know that that is?" She asked. "No. What is it?" "It's the bionic pubic hair." For some reason I threw it down in disgust. Tracy could make you believe anything, even if it was only momentary. Tracy once went to Wal-mart to visit a friend. He wasn't there at the time. She saw a sales clerk's smock laying in a shopping cart. Tracy decided to put it on and walk around helping customers for a few hours. She said it felt good. She said she felt like someone else when she had that smock on. In fact, she felt like a Rebecca. "Why Rebecca?" I asked. "Well, that's what the name tag on the smock said." Looking back, I wonder if this experience was more profound than a teenage prank. Maybe it was a physical, mental and emotional escape from her body and her problems. I wonder. Tracy once talked back to a teacher who said that she could just march herself down to the Principal's office. On her way out the door, the teacher asked her how she felt now. Tracy replied, "Well I'm just so excited I can hardly keep my legs together." This was a typical Tracy response. Shortly after that, Tracy didn't come to school for a while. She would sometimes call me from the Fort Worth Psychiatric Facility. I would tell her about swimming, the newest song on the radio and what movies I had seen. She would talk about jell-o, group therapy and how she convinced her therapist that her body was covered by crickets at all times. There was a passive anger underscoring all of her words. It was a rage that was just too tired to get up and do much of anything. After that time, Tracy began to drift out of my life. When she returned to school, she was quieter and never had much to say. Conversatons were stilted. She began spending more time alone. She may have even dropped out of band. It's hard to remember now. About ten years ago, I ran into her at JR's in Dallas. She didn't smile much, but she seemed better than the last time I had seen her. Tracy seemed to have grown into her melancholy like getting used to a wool suit that is too big or tight in places by picking at a scab on your thumb to distract you from the uncomfortable feeling surrounding you on all sides. I believe she gave me her telephone number and I called her once. I think she told me that an old girlfriend of mine from high school had told her to tell me hello. It was someone that I had hurt without meaning to. The pain had made my senior year of high school very difficult for me and those who knew us both. Perhaps that was the only reason for Tracy's path crossing mine. Perhaps she was just supposed to give me that message and then move on. The fact that you have nothing in common with an old friend is even more apparent over the phone because there is nothing else to focus on except for their voice and the silence in between when anyone speaks at all. After we hung up, I threw her phone number away. I knew in my heart that there was no reason to call back. I'm not sure where this came from tonight. I'm not sure why I felt you would even be interested. I just know that I wonder where Tracy is now and how she's doing. I hope she's well. I also hope that she has left the rats in peace.

 THE PROSELYTIZATION OF PICKLE JUICE "I had one guy call me and after a brief conversation he asked me, "And what denomination are you?" I replied, "Twenties and fifties. Unmarked bills." From the Friday, March 19, 2004 post on urlLink Pickle Juice .

 THE FEROCIOUSNESS OF JOY Today I received another lead I believe I can actually take all the way to closing. Joan went with me this afternoon to put my business cards out in various places around the city that have bulletin boards. It's a numbers game, but I feel strangely compelled to fish for business this way. It's a gut feeling. I can't explain it, but I am going to trust it. Brian and Brian called and wanted to know if Jeff and I wanted to do something tomorrow evening. (Amusing, isn't it?) We had called Troy and Todd earlier in the week about doing something on Saturday. I told Brian I would check and get back with him. We tried calling Troy, but there was no answer at home. Evidently a girl named Drew now has his cell phone and she sounds tough. This evening, Jeff, Joan and myself went over to East Atlanta to have dinner. We went to Heaping Bowl and the food and the service has suffered. Afterwards we went to Joe's for coffee and dessert. Oddly enough, we ran into Troy and Todd at Joe's. .We sat down and visited. They are moving from the other side of the neighborhood over to our side of the neighborhood, which means we will probably never see them because they are just around the corner. On the way to Joe's we passed a flyer for film with the title The Ferociousness Of Joy . I liked the sound of it and decided to write about it on my blog Joan and I discussed how we seemed to be in communication with a lot of blogsters who presently live in Dallas or lived there at one time. I told Joan that she should write a book and dedicate it to her mother. I have been trying to get her to write for ages. She writes very well. Joan started writing a story and then pass it to me. I continued her thread where she left off and then passed it to Todd. He wrote a bit and passed it to Troy. He write a bit and passed it to Jeff. You see the pattern, don't you? We amused ourselves with this as we discussed favorite songs from the 1980-1989. We waxed on abot wearing all black to be cool, the Stark Club and Joan and I sang a duet of Nemesis by Shriekback. "Priests and canibals Prehistoric animals Everybody happy as the dead come home Big black nemesis Parthenogenesis No one move a muscle as the dead come home" I am impressed when a band can write a clever little ditty and use the word parthenogenesis. Finally, it was time to call it a night and went our separate ways. Joan will post our group story on urlLink Conversations With A Woman .

 THE ICEBERGS IN THE DALLAS MUSEUM OF ART Adam from urlLink The C-Blog e-mailed me from Dallas and it brought back an experience that I would like to share with y'all. When I was in the eighth grade, my art class took a field trip to the Dallas Museum of Art [DOM]. I was a bit self-conscious because at the tender age of 14 I had no formal art background. Instead I had gained a certain bit of notoriety and respect from the fellow boys in my class for my ability to draw comic book females with breasts so big they almost had their own gravitational field. I blame this on Lynda Carter and TV's Wonder Woman series. I had dropped out of band because I got braces shortly after I took up the trumpet and there just wasn't enough upper lip to cover all the metal and wax on my upper teeth and cram it all in the mouthpiece. I felt as if I was moving from one situation for which I had no control or training into another. After all, my duck carving after four weeks still looked somewhat boxy. My friend, Susie, had carved a duck decoy that looked as if it could take flight at any time. She made me nervous because I thought she might like me in "that way." I shouldn't have worried. She had short hair and dresses had the same effect on her as garlic does to vampires. The fact that she carved a navel on her duck disturbed me on a primordial level. When you first enter into the DOM you find a lot of pottery and female fertility goddesses from indigenous people from Central America. Then it tapers off into your typical paintings from the middle ages, etc. I realized that I was seeing work by some of the finest artists of our time. Although I was missing a day of school, I did not expect to find anything that moved me. I was fascinated with Star Wars at the time and the Go-Go's. Nothing more actually captured my attention. Imagine my surprise when I turned the corner and saw one of the most amazing sights I had ever seen. The painting covered almost an entire wall. There were track lights shining down on the piece that brought a myriad of colors in the oils. The name of the paining is " urlLink The Icebergs" by Frederic Edwin Church and it was painted in 1861. Here is the description from the DOM Web site: "In the summer of 1859, Frederic Church embarked on a monthlong sketching trip aboard a chartered schooner exploring the waters off the coast of Newfoundland and Labrador. Buffeted by high seas and afflicted with seasickness, Church sketched icebergs as they appeared on the horizon until the moment they threatened to capsize the small boats used to draw near them. These sketches inspired Church as he embarked on what was his largest canvas to date. Church's interest in the Arctic stemmed from the disappearance of the Franklin expedition, which was lost while searching for the Northwest Passage in 1847. The ensuing search for Franklin and his crew stimulated American interest in the frozen North as an irresistibly beautiful yet deadly frontier. The ambitious composition and grand scale of The Icebergs are a worthy legacy of the 18th-century tradition of the sublime landscape." I was absolutely awestruck. I was completely transported from my classmates into the frozen setting in front of me. I was inspired by the beauty of the icebergs shimmering in the water, yet afraid of what lurked beneath the waters. It's the closest that I have ever had to feeling that I had lived before in another life. It was as if I could feel a memory of something lurking beneath the water, but it would not come close enough to the surface to reveal itself to me. I could have stood there all afternoon looking at it, but Mr. Dean finally urged me to move on. On the way out, I bought a postcard of this painting so that I could forever have that moment within arm's length. As Blondie put it in Picture This , "... a small remembrance of something more solid." I think back and I'm reminded of showing the postcard to my parents and trying to explain to them what I had felt inside. It was one of the earliest memories I have of being unable to express myself. In December of 2000 I flew home to visit my family during the holidays. Shortly before Christmas I met my friend, Tacy, for lunch and we drove by the DOM. I asked her to stop. I ran into the museum with Tacy struggling to keep up. I'm sure she thought I was insane, but she knew me well and understood it was me just living my life passionately from one moment to the next. At first, I was frightened that it was no longer there, but then I turned the corner and rrealized that they had just moved it. I am sure that I must have smiled to myself, but as I stared into the painting, I sumberged my consciousness into silence. This painting was a visual meditation for me. I didn't even notice Tacy walking in behind me. Once again, I was unable to communicate to Tacy the emotion that this feeling stirred inside me. As we walked out, I found a print in the gift shop. It's now framed and hanging in my bedroom. I noticed that there is now a book on this painting and its strange history. I need to buy a copy and put it on my bookshelf next to that postcard from 22 years ago. I was reading a book by Julia Cameron once and she wrote that creativity is God expressing Himself through us. I think she's right. When I'm creating without thinking about what I'm doing, everything seems to flow and fit perfectly. When I let my ego and logic enter the mix, the message becomes cloudy. There is something about this painting that still speaks to me. It's as if it speaks a dead language to me that no one else can hear. Each time I look at that print on my wall, it seems that whatever it is trying to reveal to me is coming closer to the surface. With patience, maybe one day I will know the answer.

 GOD HATES SHRIMP My friend, Ryan, sent me urlLink this clever little link that I know y'all will enjoy. Click on the link to see the images. Photoshop is a beautiful thing! "Shrimp, crab, lobster, clams, mussels, all these are an abomination before the Lord, just as gays are an abomination. Why stop at protesting gay marriage? Bring all of God's law unto the heathens and the sodomites. We call upon all Christians to join the crusade against Long John Silver's and Red Lobster. Yea, even Popeye's shall be cleansed. The name of Bubba shall be anathema. We must stop the unbelievers from destroying the sanctity of our restaurants. T-SHIRTS NOW AVAILABLE Leviticus 11:9-12 says: 9 These shall ye eat of all that are in the waters: whatsoever hath fins and scales in the waters, in the seas, and in the rivers, them shall ye eat. 10 And all that have not fins and scales in the seas, and in the rivers, of all that move in the waters, and of any living thing which is in the waters, they shall be an abomination unto you: 11 They shall be even an abomination unto you; ye shall not eat of their flesh, but ye shall have their carcases in abomination. 12 Whatsoever hath no fins nor scales in the waters, that shall be an abomination unto you. Deuteronomy 14:9-10 says: 9 These ye shall eat of all that are in the waters: all that have fins and scales shall ye eat: 10 And whatsoever hath not fins and scales ye may not eat; it is unclean unto you."

 I WAS ASKED TO SAVE THE CHILDREN, BUT I SAID THAT I HAD TO THINK ABOUT IT A girl representing Save The Children came to my door and spoke with me about sponsoring a child. I believe she was on the up and up, but I wanted to think about it. I don't like to make financial commitments off the cuff. Evidently you had to make your decision right now. She had halitosis and I found it distracting. I wanted to offer her gum or a breath mint and wondered if that was why she had not signed more people up. I told her that I would go to the Web site and research the information. If I felt inclined, I would sign up that way. She thanked me for listening to her. I guess some people just close the door in her face. I admire her for getting out and doing something she believes in. She doesn't have to do it. Still, what if she is getting paid to do this? What if she is doing it for community service for getting caught drinking and driving. I think I'll choose to believe her intentions were of the altruistic variety.

 ALL QUIET ON THE ATLANTA FRONT All the doors and windows are open and I can hear the insects outside. Spring is here. The darkness has enveloped my surroundings except for the soft globe of light from my antique-style pharmacy lamp on my desk. It reminds of a big angler fish in the deep. Right now, I like being alone. I am enjoying it. I like the company of my thoughts without anyone else disrupting the flow of our conversation. In a moment, perhaps, I may rise from my chair and spin around the room in time to my own internal music. I may decide not to. I like to have my options open. When I arrived home this evening, the sky was still blushing with pink in the West. The street was silent except for the sound of birds singing lullabies to one another as they prepared for sleep. Do birds dream, I wonder? I just had to sit outside on the porch and listen to their night music. I closed my eyes and let myself drift. Jeff will be home late tonight. I'll be happy to see him and hear him talk about his day. He works long hours this time of year and is usually very tired. I admire him for that. I couldn't do his job. I sent him an e-mail a few moments ago to ask him when he willbe home and if he wants me to fix him something for dinner. There is nothing like food waiting for you to say, "I appreciate you. Keep up the good work."

 MY BARBER, RANDY I received a hair cut tonight. That sounds peculiar. I received a hair cut. It makes the art of cutting one's hair sound like receiving an enema or a flu shot. I digress. Randy cuts my hair. I won't go to anyone else. He's cut my hair for four years. He knows me. He knows my hair. He has character and I trust his judgment. In the short story that I'm working on, the main character, Brad, goes to someone like Randy. I wrote something to the effect of Brad trusted Randy's character with his life. Tim from my writer's group felt that was inappropriate based upon his life experiences. "I wouldn't trust my hairdresser with my life," he said. "Obviously you don't go to Randy," I thought. Think about it. You let someone pick up a pair of scissors and move them around your face, scalp and neck. That's what I call trust. We had a good time tonight. I guess you could say we have our little jokes about some things that we have talked about over the years. For example, Jeff thinks my hair looks better longer in his opinion, but sometimes I like to cut it short or have a flat-top. I stay active and in the summertime, it's much easier to manage. I truly believe that I am a lesbian trapped in a man's body sometimes. Randy once chased me down the street with scissors because as I walked out the door, he saw a small bit of hair that he had missed. He likes his work to be perfect. One day Randy may move. As much as I love him, I know I'll have to let him go and be free. No one will ever replace him, but I can't drive to Miami for a hair cut either. Randy mentioned that a friend said that he was much more fun to be around now than he was in college. He said it was because he's more comfortable with himself. I agreed with him. I mentioned that being in a relationship changes your focus on things. Since I'm not single, I don't ever think about making myself presentable in such a way as to attract romantic or sexual interest. Over the past few months, I have been surprised several times when I have met people who have expressed an interest in dating me or something more immediate. It had shocked me on every occasion because I don't even think about anyone looking at me in that way. "Why shouldn't they," Randy asked. "It's not an esteem issue," I said. "I'm just focused on different things and it's like jumping the rails." We both laughed because he knew what I was trying to say.

 GOOD WRITERS GROUP MEETING TONIGHT We had a great meeting tonight. A new guy named Charles showed up and shared a very interesting story. He only read the first three pages, but I'm dying to read the rest of it. He has the most interesting writing voice. It sounds very classical or like literature. Tim and I went on and on about two minor characters, but they introduce us through their words to one important character in the story as well as the main character sitting behind them. I like the main character. She's a saucy bitch! I shared the next installment of my piece entitled "Exfoliation." I put it of and put it off and finally I banged it out in about an hour before the meeting. It actually turned out quite well. So what was the big deal about? I guess I have had my mind on my change in the work situation and little else as of late. One of the characters uses some profanity, which doesn't sound like a big deal until you are reading it out loud to someone you have never met before. I have been known to swap a choice word or two as of late, but I know a lot of different words and I like to use them. It's rare to hear me cuss that much anymore. It sort of bothers 2F's too. Then I went on to write a sex scene, which is always a bit awkward too. You wonder whether you should write "penis," "turgid member," "dick," or "throbbing cock." It's a fine line that I walk between literature and pornography. Charles gave me some very positive feedback. Since it was his first meeting, he had not read the first part of the story and I didn't want to make him a prisoner of my story for half an hour. Technically, it has some rough spots because I haven't had the opportunity to go back and edit it. There was one part that I had a tough time getting down on paper. I had the beginnig of the argument and I knew the ending so I wrote the ending and then the middle was easy to write. I'm cocerned that I am so easily manipulated by myself. Tim arrived a little bit late. He was at a neighborhood association meeting or something similar. (See my post from this morning.) I can always rely on Tim to find technical typos. It's definitely one of his gifts. It's also interesting how sometimes we can be in perfect agreement on feedback and other times we think as different as night and day or interpret something exactly opposite from one another. I am thankful for that because then we are able to give a variety of opinions to other writers. Utlimately, it's up to them to decide what to do with the feedback anyway. Afterwards, we talked about our favorite writers and books that we hae read. We challenged each other to do a book report on a book we have read within the next month. We discussed having a Atlanta Gay Writers showcase of work related to gay pride on the Thursday before Gay Pride. We also challenged each other to write a piece of no more than 2,000 words that has something to do with testosterone. This should be interesting.

 NEW BLOGS ON LEFT SIDE I added two new blogs today, which I thought were interesting. One is urlLink Spam Poetry where the creative genius behind it composes poetry with the subject lines from spam each day. The second is urlLink Mikan Moblog - Everyday Japan, Through A Lens . The creator posts a different picture of something that caught his eye in Japan each day. His exposures and composition are great and the subject matter is interesting each day.

 MY PEPSI SPOT While looking for a work-related file this morning, I came across a Pepsi commercial I wrote about ten years ago when I was trying to get a job as a copywriter for an ad agency. I thought y'all might enjoy reading it. Here it is: PEPSI SPOT SCENE 1 INT. BEDROOM LATE NIGHT Door bell rings. EDDIE wakes up and turns on lamp on bedside table. SCENE 2 INT. FOYER OF APARTMENT Knocking on front door. EDDIE opens front door and JACK walks in. JACK. Eddie what took you so long. My whole life is falling down around me! EDDIE. (Drowsy.) It's three o'clock in the morning, Jack. JACK. I can't sleep, Eddie. It's Sheila. I dropped her off after our date and she says to me, "I had a great time. Call me." EDDIE. Are you bleeding? JACK. I guess it was her tone it just sounded funny, you know. I know Sheila is the one for me because the first time I saw her I felt woozy and heard a ringing in my ears. EDDIE (Moving to Kitchen.) Jack, she threw water on your face after the filing cabinet fell on your head. SCENE 3 INT. KITCHEN JACK. (Following EDDIE.) Don't trivialize my feelings, Eddie. This is love. The kind that kingdoms have been lost over. EDDIE. (Opening refrigerator.) I thought you just took her to a dinner and a movie? JACK. I know how I feel, but how do I know if she feels the same. Tell me the truth, Ed. Do you find me sexually attractive? EDDIE pops can of Pepsi open. EDDIE. Here. Drink this. You're delirious. JACK. Thanks. I am a bit parched. JACK drinks Pepsi as EDDIE gently moves a furniture dolly under JACK’s feet and pushes him out of the kitchen and SCENE 4 INT. FOYER out the front door. JACK finishes Pepsi and hiccups. JACK. Excuse me. (Hands EDDIE the Pepsi can.) So do you think I'm cute or what? EDDIE slams door closed. He turns off light and walks away. JACK. (Through door.) So do this mean you don't think I'm cute? Eddie? Oh, Ed! FADE TO BLACK.

 ADVENTURES AT NEIGHBORHOOD ASSOCIATION MEETINGS I take minutes at our local neighborhood association. It's not the most exciting job, but it gives me something to do and keeps my mind from wandering off. The meeting is supposed to last for 90 minutes, but inevitably runs beyond that. It begins with asking neighborhood association virgins and new neighbors to introduce themselves. Next, people from various organizations will make some presentations about something they are doing that may affect the neighborhood. This might be a presentation from a developer or someone who is planning a fun run around the park. Then we have various committees that report on the projects they are working on. Committees cover parks and recreation, education and children's issues, transportation, land use and zoning, history, etc. As secretary and Web person (it has a real title, I just forget what it is) I was surprised to find out that I have a budget. Granted, most of it goes toward Web hosting, etc., but it did make me feel official. I used to refrain from going to these meetings because they sometimes get rowdy. A hot topic comes up and people began to have passionate discussions about the topic. We've had some new people attend who have never come back, but I think the meetings have gotten less rowdy on the whole. Last night we were a little rowdy again. We are a historic neighborhood and we have found that this designation has taken some of our rights away and given them to the Urban Design Commission (UDC). However, just in the last year or so, we have lost three historic houses. Some would say that the historic designation has prevented more than three from being lost and others would say that three is too many. I don't know the answer. It was troubling to see the land use and zoning co-chair receiving some heat for things that are out of his control, but in the hands of the UDC. There was a comment made about "secret meetings" behing held, which is not the case because the meeting details were mentioned at prior meetings. All in all, it just led me to believe that we need to put something together to explain what the benefits and limitations are of our historic designation. We are currently working on some guidelines to present to the UDC of how we would like the process revised to give us more informaition and a say in some of the approvals for new construction, etc. At least people are talking about it. That's the first step.

 GET WRITING I came across a fantastic Web site tonight. It's called urlLink Get Writing by the BBCi. It's basically and on-line forum where you can post your own work, receive feedback and read other writers' works. There are even professional writers that volunteer on the Web site as an advisor. There are quizzes and tutorials. Check it out!

 NEIL TENNANT IS FOREVER THE SAGE OF WISDOM This afternoon was a bit frustrating, but I successfully accomplished my main goal for today. Now, if I could just get the sound card working again. I became so frustrated, I went outside and jumped rope. The guy in Parade was right. It is an intense little cardio workout. I did ten minutes and it is reportedly the equivalent of running for 30 minutes. I was dripping with sweat after ten minutes and exhausted so it must be true. I made a chicken caesar salad and sat down to eat before I go to the GPNA meeting tonight. I decided to read the Questions section on the Pet Shop Boys Web site. I always find it entertaining. I was not disappointed. Neil is giving advice to the lovelorn again. See below: Rhiannon From New Zealand: Hi, umm you know how I go out with someone who usually isn't very nice to me (wont talk to me, be in the same room as me, or let me kiss him etc), well I'm still with him even though on the whole Im not happy, I just feel somewhat paralysed when it comes to trying to leave him, I've been with him for 9 months and I just cant bring myself to break up with him even though he's an ***hole, I feel so stupid, but yeah. I guess I just stay with him in the hope that sometimes he'll be nice to me, like he occasionally is. Anyway, last week I met someone that I felt I clicked with right away, he is absolutely gorgeous and has a really nice, kind personality and whats more, I make him laugh all the time which is really great. I'm a pretty weird person and not everyone finds the things I say amusing, like my boyfriend will just be like "riiiiiiight" and look at me like i'm mental, whereas this new guy is cracking up laughing. It makes me feel really good inside. Even though I've only known him for a week, I havent felt this way about anyone before. Finally, someone who treats me like a human being. I don't know what to do about the situation - I don't know if I even want to leave my boyfriend because he has been nice to me all last week (probably because he knows im interested in the new guy) and if things could be like that all the time I'd sooo stay...I don't even know if the other guy has a girlfriend...and would I be able to gain the courage to leave my boyfriend anyway? Sorry if the length of this message freaks you out, I've noticed most of the long questions are really mental and make no sense...maybe like this one? oops! Neil: Play "I don't know what you want but I can't give it any more" and then go with the new guy! N

 WHAT'S YOUR TYPE? I came across urlLink this link while surfing at lunch today. It's a test to show you what type of person that you are attracted to. It's very extensive and the analysis afterwards is very comprehensive. I was a bit surprised to find that I am picky and sucker for good looks. I'm not sure if I agree with this, but evidently the face that I found most attractive is not the most main stream. All in all, I think it's pretty accurate for an assessment just on instinct alone without getting to know the person. It was a relief to find out that my partner fits my type to a "T." Oh yeah, big smiles are a real turn-on to me.

 JUST A NOTE ON INTERNET MATCHMAKING SERVICES I have a problem. A year or two ago I signed up on a new site to access full news articles instead of just the first paragraph. There must have been some information on the site that I deemed valuable because I don't believe I ever went back since I cannot remember what the name of the site was. Futhermore, I would not have registered as I despise trying to keeping up with billions and billions of user ID's and passwords. It's bad enough that everyone requires a different password combination ranging from four to eight characters and various alpha numeric combinations with upper and lower case sensitivity. Add this to the fact that I am somewhat paranoid and choose such obscure choices from the intimate details of super heroes' secret identities' lives that even I cannot remember what the password is. Anyway, about a year ago this Web site revamped it's format completely and I started receiving periodic "matches." Yes, little mug shots of romantic hopefuls starting appearing in my in box with brief descriptions of their favorite restaurants, sexual position and just how sporty yet casual they are. Ever curious about what type of people use matchmaking services, I clicked on the link and began to find out more about these people. It's very addictive. It's even better than going to the airport to watch people because these guys tell you all of their business. Most of these guys seem pretty normal, but I do question some of the pictures they choose to include. They vary somewhere between a Colt cover model and an APB photo that you would see on an emergency news break. "Spike has escaped from prison!" Today there was a guy who is very much into bodybuilding. He lists that looks are most important. (Imagine that!) He says he's 34, but his skins looks more water tight than a seal's behind. I kept trying to figure out what seemed odd about his face and then I realized that it looks as if his hair is molded plastic and his eye brows are drawn on. He looks so unnatural. Why would anyone want to look that way when they mention they are looking for "something real?" Occasionally, you see the odd serial killer with a picture that looks like it was taken in the half light of a phone booth. There has also been an acquaintance of mine that have actually turned up on the list. "Straight-acting my ass!" Others just make me talk to my monitor. "You're a freek! F-R-E-E-K! Freek!" It brings out a judgmental quality in me that I'm not sure is congruent with spiritual goals, but he was a freek. Really! Some guys are very straight forward and I think one of the better ones I saw was the guy in the park with his python. (Yes, it really was a python. I am not using a metaphor.) He stated that sex was important to him, but he listed many other things he looked for in a "hook-up" or "potential relationship" that were healthy and conducive to a relationship of a few months to a lifetime. However, there was another one that actually lives in my neighborhood that worried me. I've never seen or met this guy, but he seemed very nice, but his entire description revolved around how his sexual position of choice was on the receiving end. He was a bottom boy and and a bottom boy only. This bit of information seemed to make it into every entry no matter if he was describing his favorite type of food, spiritual views or whether he had pets. I thought he might be a good match for my friend, M., but since I did not know M.'s preferred sexual position, I thought it might be best to let it go. Perhaps one day this guy will expand his world view beyond being a catcher and realize that a healthy relationship must include other interests too. If I ever run into this guy at a neighborhood party where we are drinking and someone makes a toast, I'm going to have to look at this guy and say, "Bottoms up!" I hope I don't spew wine or beer out my nostril holes. This leads to my problem. Reading these ads brings out my "inner yenta." I find myself wanting to match some of these guys up with some of my single friends. For example, there once was an ad for a nice guy who was very well balanced. He was looking for someone to spend time with that liked to garden, hiking, movies, travel, dinner, etc. That's good and all, but then he went on to write that his dog was a big part of his life and whomever he dated would have to understand that he and Skipper (his dog) came as a packaged deal. It was just like a McDonalds commercial. I got all misty-eyed and started going through my mental rolodex looking for a dog lover to marry him off to. Then I stopped and thought about it for a moment. If I contact this guy, what am I going to say? I mean I can say that I'm in a committed relationship and I'm not looking for a three way or outside sex, but I have a wonderful friend I would like to introduce him to. I know what I would think if I received an e-mail like that so I just let it go. Occasionally I'll be out with friends and I'll look at one of them and think, "Gosh, he's a great guy who wants to be in a relationship. He's smart, witty, good looking, fit and emtionally and financially stable. Other than his compulsion for buying old toilets and refinishing them into garden planters, he's really a great catch. Who else do I know that is single?" Then I think of boynxtdoor17534 and I wonder if he ever found someone and if that someone is treating Skipper right. I'm sorry.... hold on a minute. Okay. I'm okay now. It's just that Skipper deserves the best, you know? I know I should probably stop the e-mails from being sent to me because there are other things to make better use of my time, but that's just too much work. Well, this is not true. I just scanned the entire e-mail, which is a lot of work, and noticed that I can stop the e-mails by clicking on a link at the bottom. I need to let this go. If not for my sake, then for the sake of Skipper.

 I KNOW VICTORIA'S SECRET. DO YOU? I had to go to the mall today. I don't usually go to the mall these days unless I have a purpose, which is a word I have difficulty saying with a straight face because I always think of the therapist in Christopher Durang's play, Beyond Therapy , who always says that she has come on porpoise when she really means purpose. This has nothing to do with what I'm trying to tell you. I stopped at Perimeter Mall, which I have never been inside in the entire seven years that I have lived in Atlanta. I found this odd, but kept moving forward toward my goal. I walked into Victoria's Secret as if I'm invading the Middle East. My stride is swift and every step I take is with porpoise, I mean purpose. I approach the counter in the back and I say, "Madame, I need a gift certificate." She smiles and says, "Certainly. What amount would you like to put on it?" "$20.00!" The clerk begins maniuplating the card and the register to make the magic happen and I notice that she keeps looking up at me and smiling and then quickly looking away. It suddenly dawns on me that she is checking me out. This always takes me off guard because I just don't think about anyone looking at me in a desirable way. Granted, I'm certainly not the Elephant Man, but I just don't think about looking for a mate or sex partner these days, let alone in a store full of women's lingerie. She put the gift card in a tiny little shopping bag. I signed my receipt. She giggled. I thanked her and I was on my way. I breathed a sigh of relief as I left the store and made my way toward Bloomingdales to exit the mall. I smiled upon thinking of how much I had accomplished today. About that time, I saw two high school girls in private school uniforms. They had on matching plaide skirts and looked like Britney Spears seconds at an outlet mall clearance sale. I suddenly wondered if they were wearing panties underneath their skirts. I looked down at the microscopic shopping bag from Victoria's Secret. The irony was not lost on me.

 SHOULD WE CHOOSE THE SEX OF OUR BABIES? I had a busy, but productive day and stopped by the gym on the way home. Every senior citizen in Atlanta was there and I had to do my circuit in reverse. After completing my workout, I noticed a Newsweek magazine on the wall about choosing the sex of babies. Evidently there is some concern about the government banning these new scientific procedures that have very good results. Ironically, they are banned in Europe and Asia especially where fetuscide and infantcide of female babies is still disturbingly high. There is some concern that the male to female ratio will be skewed if these methods continue, but statistics show that the percentages are pretty even. Shockingly, 38%pf most expecting parents want a boy while only 27% want a girl and the rest don't care. Perhaps they could compromise and want a gay boy who likes to dress up in girls' clothes. Would you want to choose your baby's sex?

 MY UNIQUE FRIENDSHIP WITH BELINDA CARLISLE Okay, I hace to confess. I have had an ongoing love-hate relationship with Belinda Carlisle since I was 13. It's true. It all began when I was lying on the couch watching Entertainment Tonight back in the fall of 1981 and I saw an interview with the Go-Go's and saw a brief clip of their video for Our Lips Are Sealed . I felt just like Lauren [Julie McCoy from the Loveboat ] Tewes with a bag of white powder being dangled just out of her reach. By Christmas I had extorted enough money from my mother to score a copy of Beauty And The Beat from Wal-mart. For the next six years, the sound of We Got The Beat would be a normal fixture in my family's life. It was, in fact, a Go-Go's video, Head Over Heels , that first attracted my little sister to the television. She crawled over to the entertainment center and pulled herself up to view the epileptic editing and proceeded to slobber all over the glass and the afore mentioned Ms. Carlisle. Belinda, or Babe as she affectionately known to those close to her, sometimes seems to do and say things that just make me want to slap her hard enough to make her eyes cross. It's like she is PMS woman and she activates her super powers by declaring, "Bitch on!" However, her dedication to helping animals and people with aids has been impressive. Back in 1994, she and the rest of the Go-Go's came to JR's in Dallas to sign autographs before their performance at one of the Christmas EDGE concerts in Dallas. They were originally supposed to work the bar and serves drinks for charity, but something changed. Today, we were on good terms. I have a MP3 player in my car so I had recorded every Belinda Carlisle song onto a CDR in MP3 format and played it in my car this afternoon. I'm very anal about it all. You see, I make separate folders for each individual album and put them in sequential order. However, I normally make one Singles or Greatest Hits folder, which will be first. I typically just want to hear the hits. I will put them all in sequential order and throw in some rare promo singles into the mix depending upon my mood. This would include singles that were released to radio for promotional purposes only, but were never available in a store to be purchased as a single. This includes both domestic and international singles and promos. After all the albums, I will include a folder for remixes, one for soundtrack cuts that were not included on any albums and a folder for live versions. B-sides are typically relegated to the album folder that corresponds to the single the B-side accompanied. Today I played one of my favorite songs, which is California . Brian Wilson of the Beach Boys sings back up and it was written by the guys whoe wrote Like A Virgin and True Colors. Here is my favorte line from the song: I remember I was in the tanning salon When I heard that River Phoenix was gone. Brilliant!

 MIRROR, MIRROR ON THE WAYLL... I was undressing to get into the shower this morning and I caught a glimpse of my body in the mirror. I stopped dead in my tracks. I carefully traced every line while my heart raced and then smiled. I liked what I saw. My pecs are popping out again and my arms are toning up. My love handles have disappeared and you can see the definition of my obliques and it's just flat as all get out. I thought, "Now there is one sexxy beast." It was hard to keep my hands off myself.I looked myself in the mirror and said, "And that is why you gave up the evil french fry and emabraced the low-carb alternative lifestyle." Then I got in the shower because by that time I was running late.

 FUN AND GAMES Last night we went over to S. & P.'s house for game night and pizza. Joan (Conversations With A Woman) was there as well. We poured some beers and got out Trivial Pursuit and got down to business. We decided to play boys against the girls in order to save time. Keep in mind that S. & P. are very competitive. Winning is everything. They are very good too and took off with a nice lead. I'm not sure when it happened, but 2F's and I started picking up pieces of pie like nobody's business. We'd get strange questions and just sort of reason it out with ourselves and get them right. Sometimes the questions would just be some obscure piece of trivia that only my diabolical mind would know. Before you know it, we were in the center trying to get that final question right. S. was having a very difficult time with this. They finally got the last piece of pie and landed by exact count in the center circle. At this point, Jefffifer doesn't care who wins the game as long as it ends soon. Meanwhile Joan has gone downstairs to the basement to put her laundry in the dryer. S. & P. decide to take the question without her. "If we don't know it, we'll wait for Joan." The question was something to do with a soccer player from Uganda. S. & P. are stumped. They call down to Joan in the basement. She calls back up from downstairs, "Idi Amin!" As fate would have it, she was right and they won the game. I have never laughed so hard in my life. This went down in history as one of my favorite stories. Send the girls your congratulations!

 JEFFFIFER GOES TO THE ATLANTA AUTO SHOW We went to the auto show today. 2F's wanted to check out SUV's for his pending used book store, but I think it was just an excuse to go. The World Congress Center is huge. You just walk for days. I think it was just built as an excuse to have a lot of escalators. I did not take any pictures with my cell phone, but I saw several buttocks that Troy probably would have taken pictures of. We walked in and looked at the Ford vehicles first. The Mustang convertible looked redneck sexxy. It still has it after all of these years. I was intrigued by the Ford GT until I found out it retails for $140,000. I looked at the new Miatas. Theyc ome with a Bose stereo sytem. They are basically the same design, but more plastic. We checked out the BMW section. The Z4 Roadster is very nice and only retails at $35,000. I like the Z4, but have questioned if whether I should step up to a 3 series convertible since I would have a back seat to transport more than two people. It retails for $45,000. However, the M3 convertible, retailing at $56,000 really spoke to me. It was oslo blue on the outside with sort of a burnt orange accent on the interior. It looke sharper than it sounds. I wondered if it would feel bigger than 2F's M3, but it didn't. It felt pretty much like when I drive the M3. The minicoopers were pretty impressive. There is more room in those things than I imagined. 2F's seems to have his mind set on the Nissan Xterra for a work vehicle. He likes the yellow one and I must say, I think it's the best fit for what he wants to do. They are wide and have a lot of space in back and with the back seats folded down. They look sharp too. Plus, the price is very reasonable. I saw a Dodge Viper and thought of Adam. We came across two old model T's and I thought of aunt who recently died. When my grandfather died, he left an old model T that he bought and planned to restore to my uncle. The last time I heard, the model T was in his garage. Upon his death, it was supposed to be passed on to me. However, since my uncle mishandled my grandmother's estate when she died and we no longer talk to him, I wonder what will happen to my grandfather's model T. I don't know where I would put it if I did inherit it, but I have strong feelings about it. My grandfather died when I was four and I have vague memories of him. In my mind, the model T connects me with my grandfather. If I could restore it to the way he would have restored it, perhaps I could give something back to him. A couple of years ago, I scanned some old family photographs while I was home at Christmas. There were a few of my older sister and I when we lived on Kerry Drive in Arlington, Texas. There were some of my mother and father dating when they were teenagers. There was one of my grandfather and I playing a Snoopy Vs. the Red Baron game. When I saw it, tears came to my eyes. I have no idea why. I'm not the teary-eyed type, but it just made me miss him and grieve the relationship that I never had with my grandfather. I wonder what kind of man I would have been like if he had lived longer and we had developed more of a relationship? After the auto show, 2F's and I walked back to the car through Centenial Park. We stopped and sat on a bench to watch the dancing water fountain show. It was still warm with a comfortable breeze in the air. The water danced to the Theme From Chariots Of Fire by Vangelis. I watched images of the Justice League of America on the video screen on the outside of the CNN building through the fountains. I looked to my right out toward where the new aquarium is being built. The sky seemed wide and big without any hills. It reminded me of Texas and home. I looked back at 2F's watching the water moving in time with music and thought how nice it is just to spend time with your best friend by yourself.

 INTERESTING CONVERSATION AT CHURCH As many of you may know, I've been participating in a self-study course called The Quest since January of 2003. The first course is a year-long study and the second set of three courses are shorter. I have already completed the The Quest For Meaning and now I'm studying The Quest For Wholeness . Some of us who are completing these courses meet at 10am every Sunday morning before church to discuss what we think about the reading and course work. Today P. mentioned that she couldn't understand how some churches could use religion to control people instead of helping them establish a personal, spiritual connection with God. Before I could stop myself, I added that I was very disturbed that religion is still be used today to forward political agendas. I gave the example of how the gay marriage issue is being used by conservatives to entice conservative votres to the polls in an us verus them mentality. Where as the real issues that Christians should be concerned with, say hunger in America, helping people find jobs, children without healthcare, etc., are being ignored. Furthermore, Jesus would never have allowed anyone to ignite hatred toward any other group of people in his name. A woman spoke up and said that we shouldn't pass judgment on others. I told her that I appreciated her saying that, but qualified my earlier comments by reminding her that when Pat Robinson and Billy Graham stated that 9/11 occurred becaue of homosexuals, that was not the promotion of Christian brotherly love. Another lady piped up and said that she heard a program on NPR where they interviewed one of the authors of the Left Behind series of books and he proudly stated that he ran into the Dali Lama in Israel and went up to him and asked if he had accepted Jesus Christ as his personal saviour. She said, "Why would you say that to the Dali Lama? Are you out of your fucking mind?" We all laughed. It's nice to be able to cuss and discuss in Sunday School.

 GEORGE MICHAEL DOESN'T NEED YOUR STINKIN' MONEY As some of you may know, George Michael is releasing his first new album in several years next week. According to urlLink RememberThe80's.com , Patience will be his last traditional release. From this point on he will release material online for free since he no longer needs to earn money from his work. (Interesting...) However, anyone who downloads his music has the option to make a donation to a selection of charities. Mr. Michael aslo wants to turn his back on fame. It will be interesting to see how the music industry responds. I didn't care for Freek , the first single he released from this album back in 2002. Evidently no one else did either. His second follow up, Shoot The Dog , which poked fun at the way Tony Blair seemed to be a puppet to George W. Bush was received a little more favorably. I don't think I've ever heard it. The new single, Amazing , has received some favorable reviews and sales. It has been compared to the likes of Jesus As A Child .

 LIVE AID OR MEMOREX? According to urlLink RemembeThe80's.com , the Live Aid concert will be released on DVD at Christmas in order to stop illegal pirate copies from being sold on the Internet. Sir Bob Geldof hopes that the release will earn a few million pounds for the charity 19 years after the event. I wonder if the DVD will include all 16 hours. It's been awhile since we saw Phil Collins perform in London and then hop on the concorde to perform again in the USA. Remember Madonna performing Holiday just after the nude photos of her came out and were published in Playboy and Penthouse? She said she wasn't taking *@#* off that day. Plus, I'd love to see Mick Jagger pull off Tina Turner's leather miniskirt while performing the Jacksons' State Of Shock. (No costume malfunction there, Justin. ;)) Gosh, 1985 seems just like yesterday.

 THE YETI VERSUS THE PENGUIN My neighbor, Aaron, sent this nice little game for stress relief. It consists of an abominible snowman with a club attacking a bobsliding penguin. Nothing like a little violence to relieve tension. Try the urlLink Yeti vs. the Penguin .

 SPIRITUALLY-CHALLENGING FRIDAY 2F's came home from work yesterday and he was physically and mentally exhausted from a week in government. I knew he was tired because he was like shark skin. You could stroke him one way and he was smooth as glass. You stroke him the other way and your hand is sliced to ribbons. Let me clarify that there was no actual stroking going on, I was just using an analogy. Almost everything I said or did last night resulted in some editorial comment. I found myself wanting to leave the house and drive to Canada, but I just breathed deeply. When you care about someone and you are close, they are going to take things out on you that they will not take out on other people. The odds are just in your favor because they spend more time with you. They don't intentionally mean to anger your or hurt your feelings. It's just a Betty Ford Detox without the Betty Ford Clinic and Liz and Liza. Eventually, his mood evened out and he went to bed early. I wouldn't want his job. Sometimes, I wonder what he satisfaction he receives from it. I did some reading before bed last night and the ancients used to believe that everyone had an angel or higher self. It was believed that if you had an disagreement with someone, you could write to their higher self or angel and ask that all disharmony be dissolved. I'll have to try this sometime.

 A GREAT OPPORTUNITY I spoke with one of the realtors in the neighborhood who has been referring me business. I told him last week that I would bring some marketing flyers for some of his listed properties. What is a marketing flyer you ask? It's basically a one-page flyer that lists information about the property along with several different financing options. It allows a potential buyer to have a good estimate of how much the home will cost. It still shocks me at the number of people who begin looking at houses that are way out of their price range because they have no idea of what their payment will be. So I call the realtor and ask if I can bring some by his office on Saturday afternoon and he said yes. I had already gone to his Web site and he has nine listed. They take about half an hour to put together with all the calculations and the Annual Percentage Rate (APR). Fortunately, I made a cheat sheet in Microsoft Excel that does most of the calculations for me, but the APR is time consuming. I bought some paper to match my business cards so they should look nice. I also made some calls about the ugly yellow business cards and voicemail box. It's all coming together and it seems so easy. Is it really easy or have I just found something that I enjoy doing?

 FICKLE ME I had a nice lunch with an ambitious, young realtor yesterday. As we got to know each other better, it was revealed that we both had the same marketing ideas, which leads me to believe that I'm on track. Is it the Celestine Prophecy that states when you begin to focus on a situation, be open and the information/confirmation will come to you? Anyway, she gave me a bit of information that I was missing and I gave her a some of information she was missing. I spoke with Robert yesterday. There have been some things going on in the office that sadden me to hear. Perhaps it's best that I was working from home this week. Still, I'm planning to focus on doing my job, coming in to check mail and turn in files, visit with the processors and the receoptionist and leave. I've always felt that we should live our lives like a pop song on the radio; give them a taste and then leave them begging for more. On my way home, I stopped by Office Max to pick up some office supplies I needed for the home office. The HP 3330 had been reduced to the same price as Staples. I actually turned around to make sure that I was not on Candid Camera. It was like God said, "Hey, give that boy a printer/copier/scanner/fax!" Ironically, after comparing it to the HP Officejet 7110, I went with the Officejet. Yes, I know waxed on about the glories of laser machines over inkjet units, but the functionality of the 7110 just smoked the 3330. It's much faster and I can just use the ink cartridge refill kit that I have. (It actually works quite well for me!) Somehow I actually got the huge box into the Miata and it's sitting on my desk. I feel like a middleaged man with a small penis, but a big red sports car. Mmmm... delicious!

 X

 HOW TO MAKE THE PERFECT DOLLOP During the holidays, I saw this short article in the Sunday coupons and found it worth clipping. My dollops in the past have always resembled people who have skydived without a parachute. This important message is brought to you by Cool Whip. 01. Swirl sppon, hold upright, through thawed Cool Whip, creating rippled surface on the whipped topping. 02. Dip spoon into rippled whipped topping and scoop up a heaping spoonful, maintaining rippled surface. 03. Gently touch spoon onto surface of dessert and release whipped topping gradually, pulling spoon up into a crowning tip.

 AN E-MAIL FROM GINGER DELACRUZ E-mail is so exciting! Yesterday, I received an e-mail from Ginger Delacruz. When I saw the name, I paused and quickly perused the hallow halls of my memory. Who is Ginger Delacruz? Was she a former teacher, student, friend? Did I shag her during a drunken fraternity party in college? No, I wasn't in a fraternity, but I did shag some frat boys oddly enough. Why is Gigner Delacruz e-mailing me? Why choose me as compared to every other sexy beast on the planet? I soon found myself sliding down the path of pondering forever and endless billions of galaxies in the universe. I had to pinch myself to ground myself down into reality again. I smiled and considered the possibilities of my new friendship with Ginger Delacruz. I imagined us e-mailing silly jokes back and forth to another. I figured she lived in Central or South America, possibly L.A. I imagined her with long brown hair with an auburn tint, short skirts with a slit up to her armpit, colorful haltar tops with white polka dots, red high heels for spontaneous flamenco demonstrations, thick, sultry lips that could suck a beach ball through a hypodermic needle and yes, even a flower in her hair. We would fly back and forth to visit one another in our respective cities. I would introduce her to my friends and say, "This is my new best friend, Ginger Delacruz." My friends would be jealous, of course. They don't know anyone who has a name that sounds like a star of Latin American She-Male vidoes. Come to find out, she was just offering me a great discount on xanax by mail order. It's very kind of her to extend the invitiation, but alas, I am not in need of antidepressants. Sigh... it could have been beautiful. Only the week before I had gotten my hopes over another possible new friend only to find out that she was pimping viagra. I don't mess with that stuff. The blood gets caught in your penis and it can't check out. It's like a phallic roach motel. I know boys who have gone to the emergency room to have their penis lanced to release the pressure and then fainted at the sight of their own blood. You can put steroids and protein the queen, but you can't take the queen out of the... well, you get the picture. Anyway, perhaps there is a hope. I see that I have just received an e-mail from the sister of the King of Uganda. The promise of a new day, aye?

 FRIDAY AM Well, I've been up since seven o'clock this morning working. There is still so much to organize and set up in a home office. I should be able to finish over the weekend and be ready to rock and roll on Monday. I have a lunch with a realtor today. Yesterday morning I went to a free seminar by a local realtor/mortgage broker. (Yes, he is a hybrid.) The sound was bad and he wasn't a dynamic speaker. I was beginning to think that I had wasted four hours when he began giving some good ideas. They were so simple, it was mind boggling. Futhermore, it was all in alligment with the ideas that had been coming to me. Weird, huh? This keeps happening more and more. I keep running into people that I am thinking of far from where they should be. If only I was receiving lotto numbers and the flight numbers of planes that are about to crash, perhaps I would feel that I could put this to better use. However, I guess we die when we are supposed to. It's kind of sexy to think that we are all walking around with a wide variety of expiration dates that lets our individual spirits know when our soul goes sour. POOF! Mary Jane bites the dust. Anyway, I'm going to visit the local credit union today to find out if they are interested in the new neighbor welcome pack that I'm working on. I'm going to find out about printing up some ugly yellow business cards that say that I help people get into their dream home with very little or no money down and less than perfect credit. I also need to check into a 24/7 voice mail box and yard signs. I will explain more later. I'm feeling very inspired and jazzed this morning. I'm a sexy beast!

 ROWDY REPUBLICANS IN COMMITTEE MEETINGS I have mentioned that I have several friends that work in state government. I was a bit surprised when I spoke with one of them today. He was very down and disturbed. I asked what was wrong and he said that he had been to three committee meetings today and was appalled by the behavior of several of the republican legislators. Now this friend is not one to party bash so I asked what happened. My friend said that one legislator accused a lobbyist of trying to prevent his bill from going through and reamed him up and down in the middle of the committee meeting. However, the meeting where Kathy Cox spoke out against the electronic voting machines that also provide a printed receipt disturbed him the most. Ms. Cox advised against purchasing these machines because they are not currently certifiable and the republican legislator verbally attacked her. An attorney addressed the legislators and reminded them that this machine would be illegal because it would discriminate against blind people. First, a female legislator went off on him for telling them how to do their job. Then another republican legislator asked why we had to worry about the blind people anyway. We can't please everyone. Evidently there were a few other remarks about blind people that brought audible gasps from the other people in the meeting. My friend was very discouraged. He is one of the few people I know that can look beyond this kind of bipartisan behavior to do the right thing for the people of Georgia. I see his spirit slowly sinking with each week of this legislative session. We are seeing this on a national level too. What do you think should be done to correct this situation?

 THE GOAT: OR WHO IS SYLVIA? I had a realtor mixer tonight, but forgot that I had already made plans to go to Actor's Express to see a play tonight with Tim. 2F's came with us. I love the Kingplow Art Center. I always dreamed that I would work as a Web designer there. Perhaps, I loved the idea more than reality. I digress. The play was Edward Albee's The Goat: Or Who Is Sylvia? It's about a family that finds out that the father has fallen in love with and is having an affair with a goat named Sylvia. It's an absurd metaphor about complacency in America and what is and is not acceptable. It was very well acted. In fact, the husband and wife were played by an actual husband and wife. The gay son was a mincing fool. It was very funny, but very intense. The wife breaks a lot of things, which is symbolic of being unable to put the pieces of their life back together. My favorite line was when the husband asked if the wife was going to knock over any more furniture. She replies that she is, but she might need his help doing so. All in all, it made me miss acting. I used to be quite good, so I was told. I miss getting lost in a character and trying out new movement and motivation each night. Perhaps I should finish my monologue for the presentation at church. I told a co-worker that I was planning to be Judas. She looked at me quizzically for a moment and then asked, "Priest?"

 BEASTMOMMA'S ATTITUDE CHECK I received a compliment on a reply from urlLink Beastmomma . I checked out her blog and I found her post for today very profound. I think y'all will enjoy it. Attitude Check A few weeks after I turned 21, I had a serious of health adventues that often times found me on my bathroom floor crying and laying in bed feeling less than stellar. In those months, I was trying to finish up my undergraduate education and give the appearance of being okay. Recently, I found a journal that I had kept at that time. In it I had written a list of things I would not take for granted: the taste of food, the space I take up, the weight of my hair on my shoulder, and feeling soothed by water from the shower. When I broke my ankle and was taking vicadin (sp?) a few months before I turned 25, I had made a similiar list: standing in the shower, walking with two feet, seeing my foot on a regular basis. Now I am at this strange juncture, I am still trying to life live as if each day counts. For me a large part of that is taking care of myself. That takes the form of going to the gym, trying to get enough sleep, springing on fancy bath products, and investing in good relationships. In many ways, I feel like my parents have saved my life literally and figuratively. As they imagine my future, is part of their marriage obession to make sure that they will be someone to sit with me on the floor when I am not well? When we choose life, how do we go from being greatful for its mere existence to putting conditions on it. I have a hard time with the eating healthy thing because I don't want to be restrictive. Sometimes, when I begin to lose weight and get smaller, I feel scared that I am disappearing. I worry about wasting money on products that I enjoy instead of getting the generic brand. There is some wonderful quote that says "live as if this is all there is." Being fully in the present definately requires a good bit of faith that you have whatever you need to go through the next thing. How do you release the stress that you are not doing *right* by yourself or the universe? Where is the line between taking good care of yourself and being overindulgent? What I know for sure is this: I am excited to go to MD this weekend for my second birthday party because I do love eating my mother's chole and having cookies and cream ice cream cake :)

 BILL MAHER ON VALENTINE'S DAY My good friend, Tony, sent urlLink this to me and I thought it was worth sharing. Enjoy! The Boston Globe By Bill Maher, 2/14/2004 NEW RULE: You can't claim you're the party of smaller government, and then clamor to make laws about love. If there's one area I don't want the US overnment to add to its list of screw-ups, it's love. On the occasion of this Valentine's Day, let's stop and ask ourselves: What business is it of the state how consenting adults choose to pair off, share xpenses, and eventually stop having sex with each other? And why does the Bush administration want a constitutional amendment about weddings? Hey, birthdays are important, too -- why not include them in the great document? Let's make a law that gay people can have birthdays, but straight people get more cake -- you know, to send the right message to kids. Republicans are always saying we should privatize things, like schools, prison, Social Security -- OK, so how about we privatize privacy? If the government forbids gay men from tying the knot, what's their alternative? They can't all marry Liza Minnelli. Republicans used to be the party that opposed social engineering, but now they push programs to outlaw marriage for some people, and encourage it for others. If you're straight, there's a billion-five in the budget to encourage and promote marriage -- including seed money to pay an old Jewish woman to call up people at random and say "So why aren't you married, Mr. Big Shot?" But when it comes to homosexuals, Republicans sing "I Love You Just the Way You Oughta Be." They oppose gay marriage because it threatens or mocks -- or does something -- to the "sanctity of marriage," as if anything you can do drunk out of your mind in front of an Elvis impersonator in Las Vegas could be considered sacred. Half the people who pledge eternal love are doing it because one of them is either knocked-up, rich or desperate, but in George Bush's mind, marriage is only a beautiful lifetime bond of love and sharing -- kind of like what his Dad has with the Saudis. But at least the right wing aren't hypocrites on this issue -- they really believe that homosexuality, because it says so in the Bible, is an "abomination" and a "dysfunction" that's "curable": they believe that if a gay man just devotes his life to Jesus, he'll stop being gay -- because the theory worked out so well with the Catholic priests. But the greater shame in this story goes to the Democrats, because they don't believe homosexuality is an "abomination," and therefore their refusal to endorse gay marriage is a hypocrisy. The right are true believers, but the Democrats are merely pretending that they believe gays are not entitled to the same state-sanctioned misery as the rest of us. The Democrats' position doesn't come from the Bible, it's ripped right from the latest poll, which says that most Americans are against gay marriage. Well, you know what: Sometimes "most Americans" are wrong. Where's the Democrat who will stand up and go beyond the half measures of "civil union" and "hate the sin, love the sinner," and say loud and clear: `There IS no sin, and homosexuality is NOT an abomination. . . .The only thing abominable about being gay is the amount of time you have to put in at the gym. But that aside, the law in this country should reflect that some people are just born 100 percent outrageously, fabulously, undeniably Fire Island gay, and that they don't need re-programming. They need a man with a slow hand. Happy Valentine's Day everybody! Bill Maher is host of "Real Time with Bill Maher." © Copyright 2004 Globe Newspaper Company.

 CREATIVE SPELLING AWARD GOES TO ZESTO'S After Joan and I went to Staples at lunch on Tuesday, we stopped by Zesto's, which is sort of like a local Dairy Queen here in Atlanta. It was started by a Greek family and has your usual hamburger, chili dog and ice cream fare. They have some nice soft serve chocolate non-fat yogurt and I wanted to treat Joan to something for being kind enough to pick me up and drive. We placed our order and went down to the other end to wait for our frozen treats. Joan ordered a brown cow, which is a soft serve cone dipped in chocolate and suspended until the chocolate shell dries. The woman behind the counter was washing a metal milkshake container with the same speed and urgency as an archaeologist carefully unearthing a dinosaur femur with a tooth brush. I looked up at the menu. They have an item that is similar to a Dairy Queen blizzard. One of the flavors stopped me in my tracks. What the heck was that. Then I understood and drew Joan's attention to it. She looked at it a moment and then busted out laughing. The flavor was Emma Nems (M&M's). About that time, we heard some strange muttering behing the counter. Jef: I beg your pardon? Zesto's Woman: (Sounding like Billy Bob in Slingblade .) No chocolate in yogurt. Jef: No chocolate in yogurt? Zesto's Woman: Yogurt got no chocolate! Jef: You have no chocoalte yogurt? Zesto's Woman: It's too SOOOFT! Jef: Oh. Well, I dont' want any then. Zesto's Woman: Niiiiii-luh! Jef: You have vanilla? Zesto's Woman: Shore 'nuff. Jef: I'll have that then. She then proceeded to make a vanilla yogurt cone, which was too soft and it made like the leaning Tower of Pisa that had fallen and could not get back up. She then poured yogurt into a cup and poured the chocolate topping on top of my yogurt. It immediately set and I had to fine a pick axe to eat my yogurt. Ah... the luxury of frozen treats!

 GEORGIA GAY MARRIAGE-GO-ROUND CONTINUES I have friends who work at the Capitol here in Atlanta so I get the scoop on everything. It's great fun because there are a lot of stupid people that are elected to public office. Those of you who know me can affirm that I just don't call people stupid very often so if I do, they are really stupid. One of my other friends asked me about the gay marriage bill that is currently in consideration in the Georgia State Legislature. The first bill introduced was the diesel version called SR 595, which sounds like a household cleaner to me. Democrat Jeanette Jamieson introduced an alternative gay marriage ban called urlLink House Resolution 1470 , which I quite like because it sounds like a rave. "(James Brown is dead!") The difference is that she wants to tack on the word "adultery" so it's not just the gays that are a threat to the traditional marriage. This is quite humerous when you consider the number of Republican representatives who were name checked for cheating on their wives and trying to pass a bill to protect marriage. The loudest objections came from the representative who most recently fathered an illegitimate child with a former intern. (Did someone say Bill Clinton?) When questioned about such a hypocritical stance, the representative told the reporter she was stupid and that he didn't have to answer these questions. It will be interested to see how this pans out in Georgia considering that the constitional amendment proposed by Bush seems to be losing popularity and civil unions are gaining support. Still, the Christian Coalition is doing an excellent job lobbying for SR 595 at the Georgia Capitol. They have at least 15-20 lobbyists a day expressing their support for the gay marriage ban to their legistlators. The Georgia Equality Project has a couple of people who show up every few weeks. My friend summed up the whole situation nicely: "If only we had a few democrats who would stand up and remind folks that there are people without jobs, kids who can't spell and families with no medical care. Let's focus on the issues that really matter." Amen!

 PRINCESS HAD A BAD DAY All was not well in the kingdom today. Buddy, my cat, who I affectionately refer to as "Princess" because she acts like one, had a bad day today. It started when I was working at the comptuer this morning and I hear this strange sound like an ardvark being strangled with a hackeysack. (Don't ask how I know that!) It stopped and I couldn't quite place it. I went on working. Then I hear it again. So I get up from my desk to take a sticky B. around the house to figure out what it was all about. I walk into the living room just in time to see Buddy projectile vomit onto the floor. She had already thrown up once a few feet away and evidently her bowels had given out as well. I walked over and checked her out. She looked up at me with such a sad face. She seemed to be saying, "I'm sorry Daddy." I picked her up and took her into my bedroom where her little cat bed is. I put her in the cat bed and petted her until she closed her eyes and went to sleep. I walked into the living room and began cleaning. Then I hear the sound again. By the time I got back to my bedroom, she was emitting output from both ends again. By this time the smell was so horrible, I had to open the windows and doors. She looked up at me again and seemed to say, "Daddy, make it stop." At this point, I began humming Tubular Bells from The Excoricist and cleaned up the bedroom. Buddy hopped up onto my bed and I put my lap duvet on top of it. It's her favorite thing to lay on. She climbed on top of it, assumed the Cheerio position and went to sleep. She was pretty listless the rest of the afternoon. I went to my meeting and training class. Our lender was taking our office to dinner tonight at the Old Vinings Inn. During my training class, it occurred to me how much liquid Buddy had lost this morning. The last time she got half as sick as that, she ended up in the vet's office over night. I told my co-workers to go on and I went home to check on her. When I walked in, she looked up from the duvet and I swear that she had smiled. She had been sick twice more while I was gone. I put her in front of her water bowl to see if she would drink some, but she didn't really drink much. She ended up staying close to me all evening as I worked. I noticed that she began perking up as the evening progressed and asked what was for dinner when I went to fix a pita sandwich about nine o'clock. I advised that people food might be too much for her delicate constitution right now. She wasn't buying it so I gave her a tiny bit of turkey. She then drank a lot of water. She's kept it down and seems to have returned to her royal self. I used to make fun of people that treated their pets like children. What happened? Still, it's not as bizarre as Hector's python, Fluffy.

 MY BEWITCHED THEORY When I was small and we lived in the house on Bellaire Drive in Waco, Texas, my mother used to keep our photographs in a chest of drawers. It was a middle drawer and I would have to open one of the lower drawers to use as a stepping stool to reach the drawer with the photographs. I can still smell the cedar smell of that drawer filling my nostrils even after thirty years. I remember that the paper envelopes the photographs were in had small thumbnails of Christmas scenes on the flap and the Fox Foto logo. My sister and I would pull them out and climb on my parents full-size bed and we would explore our origins. Baby pictures of us seemed like eons ago although it had only been four years for me and seven for my sister. My mother would come in and find us. Instead of getting mad, she would sit down with us and tell us stories about the pictures. One of my favorites was about how I had cut my hand on a mustard jar while my mother was talking to my grandmother. My grandmother didn't even say goodbye. She ran out the door with the receiver dangling from the telephone, picked up my mother and I and rushed us to the emergency room. There was also an 8x10 of my mother in a metal frame that was from her high school prom. She had shoulder length hair and was wearing a rhinestone tiara. I thought my mother looked so pretty with long hair and I told her she should let it grow again. She opened the closet door and took out her tiara. She put it on her head, mugged it up and began dancing around the room. My mother is just a drag queen born in a straight woman's body. Many of the pictures we looked at were in black and white. I didn't understand why some pictures were in black and white and some were in color. I knew we had a black and white television in the den and a color television in the living room. I knew that the movies used to be in black and white, but most everything at that time was in color now. Most of the pictures in black and white showed people with the same hair styles and fashions as the first season of Bewitched , which was filmed in black and white. The second season, it was filmed in color. My theory was that the whole world was in black and white until the second season of Bewitched . I believed that for the longest time. I even had other kids believing it and telling other kids about it. Another story my mother told me, which I didn't understand at the time, was about my grandfather coming to see me after I was born. He took one look at me and shook his head. "They ruined him," he said and walked away. I just figured out that my grandfather wasn't circumcized.

 THE HP 3330 ALL-IN-ONE IS FOR ME So I went into Staples to purchase one of those all-in-one unites that include the printer, scanner, copier and fax. I already have a scanner and printer, but I need a copier and scanner that can really hold up for my home office. I found one that looked good, but then a sales clerk showed me another. It was taller than I had wanted, but it's a laser printer with all the functions that I needed. It will make about 2500 more copies with one toner cartridge than the ink jet will with one ink cartridge. Now it's a $700 printer on sale for $500 with a $100 rebate. I was sold. Unfortunately, so was Staples. They were sold out and the item is discontinued with them. You cannot even order it from their Web site. Sigh... at least I know what I want now. Something strange happened during my conversation with Mr. Staples. I found him attractive. I mean he wasn't a super model type, but he had a pleasing face and build and was just a genuinely nice guy. If I had been single, I definitely could have done some damage to him. No, that's not true. I thought he was an attractive guy, but that's about it. Now, since I'm not single, I immediately started thinking of single friends that I could match him up with before really taking a good reading that it would not matter to Mr. Staples because he likes the fairer sex. I don't normally find myself attracted to other people. I notice who's attractive, but it's more like categorizing bugs on pins in an insect collection. Don't get me wrong! I'm not saying that there was any stirring down below either. I just noticed that he was attractive and very helpful. I thought he was a nice guy. So is my partner and sometimes I think we find ourselves attracted to others that reflect back the qualities we admire in our partners and even ourselves. If you do an inventory of your friends, I'll bet you find you surround yourself with people who at least share some of the same values or qualities that you do. All in all, I guess this experience is somehow influenced by a short story I'm working on. I'm one of those closet romantics. I don't want people to know that I am the male Barbara Cartland writing about my raven-haired hero. Suddnely, the story of Bill, the office supply salesman and Todd, the jaded go-go boy starts revealing itself at the keyboard as their eyes lock while reaching for the same package of yellow highlighters. Magic!

 EXPERIENCE SOUPER JENNY My first day working from home as an independent originator went very well. It's sort of a weird feeling adjusting from the old mentality to the new mentality. I kept finding myself wanting to reach out in many different directions. There were people to call, letters to write, systems to be set up, dishes to wash, household projects that need to be done, etc. I sorted it out last night and I feel I have a better hold on that. I am very disciplined person and I mean that both with the cat of nine tails and without. At noon, Joan (Conversations With A Woman) picked me up and we went to lunch at Souper Jenny where our friend Merridith works. It's a neat little place in Buckhead where they offer a small menu of soups, salads and sandwiches. We had the chicken tortilla soup and it was so good. It was very filling. The entire staff is all struggling actors. In fact, Merrideth said that some guy who used to be on Party Of Five works with her, but I can't tell you his name. I watch very little TV and none when that show was on. She says that he is great guy. I think his partner lives here and that's why he moved here. I may just be channeling this so don't take any of this for Gospel truth. The more shocking bit for me was recognizing the guy dishing the soup out from a play I saw at the Art Farm a year or so ago. I't s not every day that you ask someone, "Weren't you the Sumerian guard in 'Vampire Lesbians Of Sodom?'" Sure enough, he was. He mentioned something about a loin cloth. I don't remember that part. He seems like a nice kid. He reminds me of Taye Diggs, I think. My ability to remember faces and names still astounds me at times except when I forget.

 A GREAT IDEA FOR A CHILDREN'S BOOK I was speaking with a friend the other day about questions that we hate to be asked. She mentioned that as a lesbian, she hates to be asked, "So... what do you do in bed?" We pondered this for a moment. True, it's rude to ask someone about the intimate details of their sex life, but why are people in general so perplexed by lesbian sex? Personally, I think it's because there is no outdoor plumbing. That's right. You heard it here first. The American public believes that sex is only sex when there is some sort of insertion involved. Heterosexual intercourse involves the insertion of the penis into the vagina in order to fertilize the ovum. Oral sex performed by a man or woman on a man involves the insertion of the penis into the mouth. Gay sex generally refers to anal sex between two men. One man will insert his penis into the other man's anus, preferably with a condom coating. Lesbian sex seems to lack something in the minds of the unaware. They figure that one woman has no penis to insert into the other woman's vagina. (Turkey basters do not count.) Oral sex between two women does not involve a penis or penetration. Now, I know that some of you will be quick to note that some lesbian sex does involve penetration by a finger, a vibrator or a faux penis, but this is not what normally comes to mind for the general public. In fact, if you know that, you're probably a lesbian. It occurred to me that what most people need is an education about what lesbians do. I thought to myself what is the best way to demonstrate the zen simplicity of lesbian sex than with a pop-up book. Yes, cunninglingus will be coming at ya in 3D! No position or sexual technique will be left out in order to show Mr. & Mrs. America what our Saphic Sisters do for fun. It also makes a great Father's Day gift. Now, what to call it?

 AN YTHING IS POSSIBLE As some of you may know, last week I struggled with continuing to work writh my business partner, Robert, or to begin originating loans on my own. We had been working together as a team since last September and it was beneficial to both of us. However, some things had changed and I realized that we had outgrown the need to work together. I've been taking a class at church called The Quest For Wholeness and since I have been taking that class lots of unusual things have been happening. I've thought of someone out of the blue and then run into them on the other side of town. That happend three times in three consecutive days. The loan that almost died was resurrected. Then out of the blue, I just have this feeling that I should work alone. It was a scary feeling. It's much more comfortable to have things remain the same, but the feeling was very deep. I took a chance and voiced my feelings to Robert on Friday. He took the news well and we agreed to process the situation over the weekend. I was feeling somewhat ambivalent. I really had no solutions to divy up our prospects and realtor partners. However, today he presented some options to me that divided up our resources very fairly. In fact, I'm still surprised. We told our boss, Carol Lynn, and she said she thought it was great that we were moving on. All of a sudden, new resources started coming out of the woodwork like magic. Phone calls came out of nowhere. I came home early to do an inventory of my neighborhood regarding homes for sale. Carol Lynn called me on my way home to tell me that she knew I'm going to be very successful on my own and she will be there for me to help me in any way that she can. I work for a great company. I took an inventory of my neighborhood and in just the surrounding eight to twelve blocks there are about ten houses for sale. Surely, I can get one or two realtors to work with me. Finally, I received an e-mail tonight from one of the other realtors that I have been working with and he is sending some more clients my way. I'm in awe. Whenever I follow my intution, even when it doesn't make any sense, everything always falls into place like magic. Tomorrow I'm going out to buy a 4-in-1 printer/scanner/copier/fax. I'm planning to work mostly from home now so I can be the neighborhood mortgage person. It's funny, because now everything is falling into place as I imagined it almost 12 months ago.

 CLEANING OUT YOUR MEDICINE CABINET As I was grooming this morning after I stepped out of the shower, I realized that I'm still using some pomade that I don't really care for. It doesn't smell like a delicious tropical smoothie like the molding creme I used last summer. So I'm standing there naked peering into this small brown container trying to figure out what this is all about. It occurs to me that there are several things in my medicine cabinet that I'm not crazy about. I'm still using some Halston Z-14 that someone gave 2F's years ago because it needs to be used up. I don't want to smell like Z-14 or Z-28. So I ask myself why I'm using these things and I listen. I hear a voice say that I can't just throw them away. That's wasteful. Think about all the starving children in third world countries who don't have any hair care products. I pitched in the trash. It was almost gone anyway.

 I DON'T WANNA GO TO WORK TODAY It's another beautiful day today. I had my nose pressed against the glass as if I were small child delighting in the proof of snow and no school today, but it's actually quite sunny, warm, albeit a bit windy and the magnolia trees have opened their petals up to greet the world. I don't think I need to go into an office today even if it is filled with "fabulous women." I wondered if perhaps it had something to do with the fact that I told Robert that I wanted to work separately moving forward and we really haven't come up with much of a solution to do that considering that we have several clients and realtor partners that we have established relationships together. I don't think it has anything to do with that. I think I had a great relaxing day yesterday and I'd like to stay home and tackle my lists of projects I'd like to grab my inline skates and head to Piedmont Park and skate along with Bananarama, the B-52's or Blondie today.

 IT WAS A BEAUTIFUL DAY IN MY NEIGHBORHOOD We hand another gorgeous day in Atlanta. I went to the early church service and my class so that I could run a few errands and get home early and start on my many projects that need to be completed. I put the top down, turned up Belinda Carlisle and ran my errands. I arrived home, changed into my running shorts, made a healthy pita sanwhich and folded the remaining laundry. Afterwards, I put Dannii Minogue's Neon Nights album into my CD player and hit the streets. I jogged down to Grant Park and begin to do my loop around the park. It was a windy day so I decided to do my clockwise circuit so as to avoid running up the steep hill, which is down hill from the Elephant pen. A Japanese family stopped me to ask for directions to Little Five Points. I gave them directions to the bus stop for MARTA. It was a nice run. The sun was out. People were out. Dogs were out. There was so much to look at as Dannii advised me to put the needle on it. Her songs really help you keep a rhythm as you run. After I made the loop, I found the Japanese family at the bus stop. I told them the bus should be along shortly. They told me they were in town visiting from Dallas. They laughed when I told them that I am originally from Dallas. It's a small world. This evening, I looked out the window from the master bedroom upstairs. I could see the downtown skyline of Atlanta to my right. To my left, I saw waves of clouds crashing against an invisible shore. They were purple, red, orange and pink. I just sat there a while feeling the breeze blow across my face as I watched the clouds over the rooftops of all the houses in my neighborhood.

 CHEESEY 80's FLASHBACK A friend recently sent me a surprise in the mail. It was a DVD of Kylie Minogue On The Go in Japan . I must admit that my left eyebrown arched in interest as I looked at the cheesey picture of our girl, Kylie, on the front. I made a point to watch it some time this weekend. This afternoon I went upstairs to iron as I watched DVD's. I decided it was a golden opportunity to watch the DVD my friend sent me so I put it in. I think it came from France or Portugal because nothing was in English on the box and it had Japanese subtitles displayed on the TV. Wow! It's amazing how much I had forgotten about 1989. In hindsight, I am thankful that I forgot what I did. Her male backup dancers were wearing bicycle shorts and big black shoes with chunky souls. They had big hair that was jacked up to Jesus and the choerography made my high school drill team look like Solid Gold Dancers. Kylie had big permed hair and wore a little sequined short and halter set with tap shoes. She looked like she was about to audition for Dames At Sea. It was not a good look. If I noticed, it's not a good look. The whole thing was very cheesey. Kylie was very green. She had just huge success around the world with her first album and had just released a second album. It also took place during her cheesey PWL period. She was such a far cry from the sophisticated and confident performer of today. The thing that impressed me the most was the huge laptop that she lugged around. It was HUGE. It was big enough to attack Godzilla. Anyway, it was interesting to watch, but I like the Kylie of today much better. Plus, it brought up the fact that somewhere there is a picture of me in long denim shorts, a white T-shirt, a leopard skin vest, black fedora and big black shoes with chunky souls. I must find this picture and destroy it. If I can do that, then that moment in time never happened.

 ODE TO MY DAD Yesterday was my father' birthday. He turned 61. It's so hard to believe that my dad could be 61. Of course, now that I'm 36, I don't feel that 61 is quite that old anymore. I have a good relationship with my father and I'm proud of that. Whenever I talk to my father, I always tell him that I love him before I hang up. I don't have any unfinished business or anything left unsaid. If anything happened to either one of us, I don't think we would greive any unspoken words or feelings. I had a very unconventioal childhood. My father has always done body work on cars to make extra money and as a hobby. He does beautiful work and takes great care and pride in what he does. Whenever he picked me up after school, I was never certain what he would arrive in. My favorite to date was the wrecker. It also seemed to impress my classmates the most. When my mother and older sister would go camping with girl scouts on weekends, my father would take me to a little convenience store near our home in Waco, Texas. We called it "The Little Store." He would let me buy a bag of candy and some comic books. During one of those times, my father cut a hole in a refrigerator box and made a rocket ship for me. I would sit inside and eat candy and read comic books. I can even see those comic books now. One was Detective Comics featuring Batman and the other was something like grisley tales and a woman was tied to stakes in the ground and a man through a gilla monster at her. That particular evening, we went to McDonalds and I had one of those neopolitan ice cream cones they used to sell with the clear plastic bubble on top. We came home and laid on the cound togther to watch a TV special on UFO's that I had been looking forward to all week and I promply fell asleep. I used to think my father could fix anything. One day I discovered that he could not fix a cheap Spiderman helicopter that I bought at K-Mart. It was sobering, but then I just claimed that he could fix anything... except cheap plastic Spiderman helicopters from K-Mart. In adolesence, my relationship was strained with my father. I'm sure puberty had something to do with it and he was tougher on me because I was the boy. My senior year in high school, I had one of the leads in the musical and I sang a solo in front of the whole orchestra. After the show, my father was so proud that he told my sister that I should go audition at Six Flags Over Texas. I can remember the first time I stood up to my father as an adult. I had joined the Bally's on Turtle Creek in Dallas and my father told me that I had just wasted my money. I said, "You know, if you don't have anything supportive to say to me, I wish that you would just keep it to yourself." I heard my father audiblely gasp on the other end of the phone and I thought that he might have swallowed his tongue. My mother soon came on the line and asked, "What did you say to your father? His face turned purple and he walked outside." After that, my father has only ever been supportive of me. My favorite memory of my father was toward the end of the time that I lived with my first roommate, Chris. We had a horrible fight and I knew that I needed to move out. I can't remember if my dad called me or if I called him. I was upset, but not crying or anything. I was mainly frustrated. My father told me that he would be willing to drive all the way over from Fort Worth to meet me and talk to me if I wanted him to. I was stunned. I had never elaborated on the extent of my relationship with Chris and my father saying this was his way of saying that he knew the truth, he still loved me and he was going to be there for me. I thanked him for the offer, but said I would be okay. That in itself gave me the strength to go ahead and tell Chris I was leaving when the lease was up. Every once in a while when I'm driving my car, I look down at my hands and wonder if they look like my dad's hands when he was my age. I know this sounds a bit strange, but I was around ten when my dad was my age. That's an age when kids start paying attention to the details around them. My father has big hands with big, thick fingers. My hands are long with slender fingers. (My grandmother said that I had the hands of a surgeon.) I don't know what the feeling is all about. I look at my hands and try to figure out if my hands look 30ish and try to remember what my dad's hands looked like when he was 30ish. Come to think of it, I can remember being 12 or 13 and looking at my father's hands and wondering what my hands would look like at his age. It's not an age thing with me. I like growing older. I'm in better shape now, mentally, physcially, emotionally and spiritually, than I was in my teens or 20's. I guess it's that I'm looking for some physical link to prove that I am my father's son. I want there to be a connection. I want to belong to him. I want us to have a visible, genetic bridge that connects in a way that guns, Kylie Minogue, cars and Bananarama cannot. In closing, I'd just like to say that I love my dad. In fact, I really like him and he really likes me. Nothing else really matters.

 INFAMOUS GO-GO'S VIDEO I found the infamous Go-Go's video that was was made in an Atlanta hotel room in the mid 80's. What is it with Atlanta hotel rooms? Remember Rob Lowe during the Democratic Convention? He is a good friend of the Go-Go's and was in the Turn To You video. Hmmm.... Here is the description of the video that's on urlLink eBay : This is the infamous “underground” video featuring the 1980’s all-girl band. It was apparently shot by a roadie. The video equipment is pretty primitive compared to today’s standards. The band members appear to be drunk/stoned. Belinda Carlisle philosophizes about her promiscuity and the wonderfulness of self-induced fun. The cameraman seems to know exactly what he was doing, as he constantly tries to get the girls to say or do sexual things. At one point, the girls pull down the pants of a passed-out roadie and cover him in shaving creme. Needless to say, this poor guy was toyed with in other ways as well. This is an interesting video, and well worth a look. Tape comes in a plain white box. Please ask questions before bidding. Add 3.00 for shipping and handling, or 7.00 for overseas. Wouldn't a plan brown box be more appropriate? I love eBay!

 THE WISDOM OF BELINDA CARLISLE I occasionally wonder what's up with certain celebrities and google them to find out what's new with them. This afternoon, I decided to play the first Belinda Carlisle album as I was tooling around Atlanta in the Miata while running errands. I had the top down and my Ray Bans on and I looked straight ouf of the Mad About You video. That was from May of 1986 as I was graduating from high school. So I came across urlLink Belinda-Carlisle.com and it had this quotes section. I thought I would share with you some of the more profound axioms I found there. "Our dog Harriet once jumped all over Nancy Raegan and tore her stockings. Morgan [her husband] was so embarassed, but I thought it was pretty funny." "I never really liked the Pet Shop Boys." "I have PMT today. I feel bloated and fat." "Life's too short to be a Go-Go for twenty years." "I was too lazy to drum, so I thought I might as well sing." "A lot of people seem to have a stick up their butts about me." "I've always wanted to own a shop." "My favourite songs are usually the ones that weren't big hits." "Live life for today, not tomorrow." "There's still some punk in me. " "Changing your style to whatever's fashionable is not me. " "The idea of eating a frog is just disgusting to me. I have eaten snails before, when I was younger. The butter and the garlic are nice, but the snail is like a piece of rubber. " "At one time I had 32 people after me that were considered dangerous. There was one guy who lived half an hour away from me who wanted to kill my husband because I belonged to him. And I had one guy who came to my show in Reno, Nevada, with a gun - and they wanted me to go onstage wearing a bulletproof vest so they could capture him! I was like, 'No way! Why should I live my life like this? It's f--ed!'."" "Sometimes, friends are better on the phone. "

 CUSS AND DISCUSS Ever notice how some people can sprinkle their every day conversation with obscenities and it sounds so natural and unoffensive where as some people can say something as mild as goodness gracious and it comes off sounding gruff? Well, I have. I was reading an e-mail from Natalie at Pickle Juice this evening and realized that her writing has that conversational, stream-of-consciousness style, it is littered with profanity, but it sounds good. I can't do that anymore. I just sound like a drunk sailor. Eleven years ago, I worked in the Promotions Department of Pepsico Food Systems (PFS) in Dallas. PFS provided all the food for KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell. I worked with a girl named Ellen. She had gone to Ursula Academy with at least one of the Dixie Chicks and knew the male model from the first Calvin Klein underwear billboard. She loved Garth Brooks and going out with her friend, Laurel to talk about their loser boyfriends. On these special occasions, Ellen would leave the office and say, "I'm off to cuss and discuss with Laurel. I'll see you tomorrow." I wonder what Ellen is doing now? In a bizarre turn of events, a few months later I began receiving obscene phone calls in the middle of the night. Naturally, I thought it was one of my friends playing a joke on me so I just gave it right back. So the guy starts calling every night and I gradually realize that I didn't know him, but he knew who I was. He always asked me to come over to his house for sex. Doesn't that sound odd? It sounds sort of like you baked a lemon tort and you are inviting me over some tea and dessert. Anyway, after a few days, I went to the library and tracked the telephone number down to a name. It was Ellen's older brother. That evening he called again and I busted him. I never heard from him again.

 WHERE THE "F" IS MY OTHER "F"? Okay, okay, okay.... Many of you have been asking me why there is only one "F" in my name. I will tell you the answer. About twelve years ago I had the equivalent of a nervous breakdown. I was in a bad space and in a bad relationship at the time. After some reading and soul-searching, I realized that most of my emotional issues stemmed from holding on to too many things that I no longer needed. I went through my belongings and began to throw out old clothes and other items that I no longer used. In the process, I discovered that I was also slowly releasing a lot of mental baggage at the same time. One afternoon while paying bills, I signed a check. It suddenly dawned on me that when I pronounced my name, there was only one "F" sound even though there were two "F's" in my name. At that point in time, I quit signing my name with two "F's" as a reminder to myself to never hold onto anything that I no longer needed. So far, it's worked and people seldom forget my name.

 SPICE GIRLS VERSUS THE QUEER EYES FOR THE STRAIGHT GUY I came across this urlLink interesting review of which of the Fab 5 would be the most fun to know in a Biblical sense. I found the comparison to each of the Spice Girls to be quite amusing.

 DID JESUS GET ZITS? The pastor from urlLink Landover Baptist Church explains it all for us. "Dear Pastor, I am a freshman student at Landover Baptist Christian Academy. I am teased all the time by the other kids because I have very bad pimples. They call me "pizza face" and say that I've got acne because I'm a sinner. My question is, did Jesus ever get zits, and if so, is that why people were so mean to him? Sincerely, - Jimmy Dear Jimmy, Thank you for your thoughtful inquiry, which provides a wonderful opportunity to address important, yet often-overlooked historical trivia about our Savior. Bible accounts of the life of our Personal Savior are very much like those of our National Savior, George W. Bush – there are about twenty years there that are totally unaccounted for! For our President, it is the awkward pre-adult adolescence of his 20s and 30s that have been thoughtfully expunged. With the Lord Jesus, the missing biography is from the time he was Catholic priest bait until several years after he sprouted short, pointy hairs around the Holy genitalia of glorification. Fortunately, one of the biggest selling points about being a conservative Christian is that a silence in the Bible is an invitation by God to start making things up! So, I am sure that if the Bible were more forthcoming about Jesus' "lost years," it would tell us that before Jesus learned to use white magic to make rotting dead bodies talk and dance for the amusement of crowds, that He, Himself was positively smothered in festering whiteheads throughout his puber-teens. And yes, it partly was for this reason that our Lord was an outcast in His day - not unlike a lazy-eyed A/V club four-eyed leper assigned a homeroom seat smack dab in the middle of a clique of top-tier hard-bodied populars. Yet Jimmy, you should know that later in life, Jesus turned His dermatological affliction into a strength - using His cystic pustules as a mighty shield with which He repelled the cheap, open-legged Jewesses who stalked Him tirelessly, feverishly intent on running their greedy fingers through His long, Judean-mullet, which was luxuriously conditioned by scores of folks' body oil, as the Lord used his thick, absorbent mane to towel-off the feet of strangers he washed. And that is why today, Jesus and His daddy reserve the gift of acne specifically for the chosen - as a means to help safeguard purity. So to you I say, "Rejoice Jimmy, and revel in thy pimply good fortune!" Revelation tells us that Jesus' hair is like wool and that his skin is bronze. Before you become too alarmed by this description, remember that the Lord came to Earth to suffer for our sins – and what better way can one suffer than to be mistaken for one of those Negro-type people? The point I am getting at is that Jesus was created in the image of someone in the Middle East. In other words, he must have been pretty (and pardon the French here) "damned ugly!." So, what difference is a colony of pimples going to make? Now, as regards the term "pizza face" - I must inform you that the mere utterance of a reference to Catholic cuisine is an insult to the entire student body of Landover Academy. It is a well-known fact that Mary Worshiping priests take time away from their catamites long enough to consecrate pizza pies, allowing deranged Catholics to engorge themselves on the flesh of our Savior by the slice. For the record, the hallowed halls of our fully self-accredited institution have never been sullied by the likes of these slick Italians. So the next time you're accosted with that slur, sternly inform your tormenters that Pastor himself insists that henceforth, they address you with exclusively American food metaphors, such as "peach cobbler face" or "creamed corn face." I trust this addresses your question, and your problem is now solved. Yours in Christ, - Pastor"

 THE NAKED TRUTH On Tuesday evening, I went to my writer's group meeting at a local book store. I would occasionally look up at a shelf that showcased a book called something like Naked Places To Go. I was fascinated by this book because it appeared from the distance to have a picture of a naked man wrock climbiing up a stony precipice. My first thought was, "Look out below!" After the meeting, I breezed over to this shelf and picked up the book. I shivered as I looked at the cover. The man appeared to be wearing no protective gear. My heart went out to his testicles. I opened the book and flipped through the pages. It appeared to be more advertisements than anything else. There are so many places that you visit naked in the continental U.S. Most pictures seemed to have men relaxing in the buff while wearing cowboy hats. while chewing on a piece of straw. Swimming pools, hot tubs and other water presentation were heavily featured. I was hoping to find a picture of some naked guys playing a vigorous game of volleyball, but no such luck. It just seems to be a game that you should play at a clothing optional facility. "Spike it, Chuck!" What impressed me most about the book was the variety of men and body types that were present in the book. Not everyone was a Playgirl centerfold and it was great. Some men were lean and hairless and some were chubby and furry. What does this say? I think it says that for many men who travel to these places, nudity is not so much about sex, but feeling good about yourself. In 1993 I met Donald while volunteering at the aids resource center in Dallas. My best friend, Kent, had been diagnosed wtih full-blown aids in January. Feeling helpless, I figured the least I could do would be to volunteer. I was living with Chris at the time and things had been heading south for some time. I had finally realized that we were dependent upon one another emotionally, but we needed to separate to make new friends and live our lives without each other for a while. Donald offered to let me move in with him. I thought this would be great. We had a great time together. We laughed a lot. We enjoyed clubbing and CD shopping. Little did I know what was in store. After I moved in, I discoverd that Donald was a epidermis-loving nudist. I discovered this one day when I came home from work and found him wearing nothing but headphones in the living room while ironing in the nude. I took note and went on with my life. I have spent a lot of my life in locker rooms so I just thought of it as an extension in those terms and spent a great deal of my time away from home or in my bedroom. One evening I heard a yelp, and ran into the living room. Donald had dropped something and bent over the ironing board to retrieve it. Unfortunately, he had forgotten about the iron. I looked at the little black charred steeple shape on his stomach and grabbed some aloe vera. We both laughed. Whenever I would return to the apartment with friends, I would usually announce in a loud voice, "Donald, I'm home and I have some friends with me." If I heard a flutter of pages, I knew that he was reclining on the sofa reading hardback biographies for former first ladies in the all together. This was his second passion. One evening, Donald asked if I would do a favor for him. I asked what I could do. He told me that he wanted to attend a meeting of a local male naturist group, but didn't want to go alone. Would I go with him? I have nothing against nudity. It makes bathing so much easier. I can understand how people can delight in going to the beach and enjoying the feel of the wind on their bare skin. Everyone should know the exhileration of skinny dipping at least once, but I just never had the urge to strip down and prance around naked at home. Growing up, we had a lot of vinyl furniture and on a hot summer day, you never knew when you might have to jump up quickly. This was not conducive to being naked. Not knowing what I was getting myself into, I agreed to go with him. He told me to bring a towel. The next evening, Donald and I drove to an apartment community in the Hurst/Euless/Bedford area. As we drove through the complex looking for the street number, I couldn't help but wonder if everyone was naked right now in their own individual apartments. They were cooking in the buff. They were vacuuming in raw. They were aerobicizing au naturale. Eventually, we parked. With towels in hand, we knocked the door. The door opened a crack and an eyeball asked if it could help us. We said we were here for the meeting. The eyeball told us to hold on. As he undid the chain, I couldn't help but think this must have been what it was like to go to a speakeasy during prohibiltion. As we walked in, our host closed the door and revealed himself in all of his glory. It was strange because I didn't really know where to look. I mean, I didn't look at his crotch, but his elbows were naked and his chest was naked and his knees were naked and I just felt like I was staring. He told us we could disrobe in the bedroom. I think Donald must have jumped out of his clothes faster than a tear-away G-string and he was off like a flash into the living room. I, on the other hand, took a deep breath and removed my underwear. I'm not ashamed of my body, but there is nothing like going to your first nudist meeting to make you feel self-conscious. What if I developed one of those inexplicable woodies? I took another deep breath and walked into the living room. The men were mostly 35+ and in a variety of shapes and sizes. I put my towel down in the nearest opening in the circle. I sat between a doctor and an attorney. There was a little meeting and then we just sort of had an open discussion. It was amazing. I very quickly forgot that I was naked. As the doctor to my left explained, all clothing is just drag. It can be business drag, construction drag, preppie drag, etc. Clothing indicates status and separates us from our oneness with other people. However, when you're nude, there is nothing to separate you. You're just like everyone else. Okay, okay, some will say not all men are created equal, but that's if you are looking for a one-night stand. These men were approaching it from a higher place. It was almost tribal... except without the drums. I never went back to another meeting, but Donald was soon very involved and I spent more time in the living room. All in all, I was very pleased that I went. I learned a lot that evening. Whenever I feel separated from another man, or woman, I just simply imagine us sitting there naked together having a pleasant chat. It works every time.

 LOVE IS A MANY SPLENDA THING I had lunch with my friend, Karen, today. She is the first friend I met when I moved to Atlanta. I thought she was nice, but I kept thinking she just talked way too much about how perfect her marriage was. Eventually, she realized that she no longer wanted to be married and they parted amicably. I like her ex-husband. What happened you ask? She found herself and decided to start pleasing herself instead of living her life for everyone else. "You get on wit your bad self, Miss K.!" Over the next five or six years, Karen dated many "growing experiences." However, she seems to have found Mr. Right. Her new beau, Beau, has a car, a job and treats her well. Sing Hallelujah! She says that he is very sweet. You should have seen her today. There was literally a twinkle in her eye, her skin glowed, she was wearing a top with a peek-a-boo diamond revealing skin. "What's up with your breasts?" I asked. "What do you mean?" She looked down at he boobage as if they just magically appeared. "Well... you have them. I mean, they are just all round and inflated and breasty-looking. If I didn't know better, I'd swear your lactating." "I'm not pregnant!" "I know, but it's like you have fallen in love and your bosom has blossomed." "Thanks, I think." "Hey, I would never diss your cleavage. I'm thrilled for you, Beau and your boobs. Come to think of it, Beau is probably thrilled for your boobs too." I am so happy for her. She deserves happiness. Now, I have to go to dinner with them so I can give my blessing. He likes chocolate chip cookies so things are looking good.

 MY EVENING ALONE WITH CHOCOLATE-COVERED STRAWBERRIES Last night, I finished up working from home about eight o'clock. In an unusual chain of events, I'm sure the sun and the planets were aligned just right, I actually turned on the teleivsion and watched... The Golden Girls. It was two episodes back-to-back. I caught the tail end of Blanche deciding to have cosmetic surgery and Dorothy inviting a man to the house for dinner only to find out he was a priest. Yeah, it's formulatic television, but every once in a while they say one jokes that makes blow milk out your nostril holes that makes it all worthwhile. Afterwards, I read a magazine and then moseyd into the kitchen for something sweet. I had already had a piece of fruit today, but noticed that the strawberries were about to leave this mortal coil. I decided to use some spare baking chocolate to make chocolate-covered strawberries. I threw a square in a bowl and microwaved it while I washed and dried the strawberries. I put some wax paper on the counter. I removed the bowl from the microwave and then stirred the chocolate. I picked up a big ol' strawberry and plunged it into the chocolate, slowly spinning it around to generously coat the berry surface completely. Then I placed it on the wax paper to set. I repeated this process with several other strawberries of various sizes and body types. Then I ate them. Oh, they were good. They are one of life's simple pleasures. I can say that I honestly lost myself in the moment as I focused on the combination of the chocolate and strawberry coming together to tease my taste buds. At one point, I actually caught my reflection in the glass of the kitchen cabinets, running my fingers seductively through my hair with my eyes half-closed. I stopped. This seemed unnatural and then I closed my eyes and enjoyed myself some more. Then I washed the dishes and returned to my magazine. A friend called a few minutes later and I told him about the strawberries. I told him just how powerful the experience had been. "Did you smear chocolate on your nipples?" He asked. " No," I replied. "I just ate them... and enjoyed them." "Sometimes I like to rub hot chocolate all over my nipples and then-" "I have to go," I interrupted. "The cat's playing with the stove again."

 A RANDOM THOUGHT ABOUT HOMELESS PEOPLE Whenever I rush out of the house and forget to brush my teeth, I always feel like I can relate to homeless people better. You know one thing I've always wondered about? If they are homeless and have no money, where do they get the marker to write on their cardboard sign? I think there may be a market for homeless person kits. I'll include a medium-sized piece of cardboard with water-proof coating, a broad magic marker, a soile tobogan and mittens with the fingers cut out, an emtpy two-litter soft drink bottel with the top cut off and some starter change.

 ODE TO ALBERT One of the joys of living in a historic neighborhood in Atlanta, is being able to walk a few blocks to CVS and buy a birthday card for your dad. It has been beautiful in Atlanta lately. The skies have been blue and we've had "baby bear" weather; it's not cool and not too warm. I've even been driving around topless! Well, I mean I put the top down on the Miata. I have not been putting my nipples to the wind. Anyway, it was a beautiful night and I walked down to CVS. There is a house with large bamboo in front of it that I like to walk through. The street light above shines down on the bamboo around me and creates this reddish-yellow tunnel. I passed the homeless people who always ask me for money outside of the drugstore. My heart goes out to them, but if you give them money, you see them drinking with their buddies at the BP station up the street. I perused the selection of greeting cards. Typically, I find one that starts off saying something I like and then realize it's for a husband, a grand-daughter or a sympathy card. I finally found one I liked and it's heavy too. I got in line. The CVS is notorious for being slow and is typically referred to as the "inconvenience store." However, there is a man by the name of Albert who works there that I just love. He is 40ish and originally from some country in Africa. He has a very pleasant accent and is so enthusiastic about each person that shows up to buy chewing gum, pork rinds, eye shadow and latex condoms. He always inspires me to go the next step when he waits on me. So he scans my father's birthday card and I plop down my $4.27. Albert leans forward and asks, "A small bag?" His eyes are large and full of help. It reminds me of French cartoon. I smile coyly and say, "No, thank you. I'll just carry it." Therefore, I'd like to raise my juice glass to Albet this morning and just say, "Thanks, dude, for making the inconcenience store convenient again."

 POEM FOR TODAY Troy posted that it is post a poem day. Being that I was once a prolific poet, I thought I would post a poem for your entertainment pleasure. Looking Glass Staring Unsure Into the Looking Glass My heart races Until I can see clearly In the crystal ball The reflection Of my fathers nose And my mothers smile In my own eyes An inexplicable connection That gives peace And a history Of where and whom I have been Oh, what the heck. Here's one more: Rainy Day I like a rainy day. A curtain of tears Surrounding me Leading me inward Turn off the radio And listen To the ambient lullaby Rock my conscious mind To Sleep And asking my subconscious To come out and play Working at my computer Its glow is Lincoln's firelight Candlelight of a love affair With myself I plunge my entire hands Into intimacy with myself And knead it Noting the consistency Of my soul The texture of my personality Perhaps I will curl up With a soft blanket And firm pillow Close my eyes And run hand in hand With my imagination Sometimes I press my cheek Against the cool glass Of my window And take in the drowning world With hungry eyes An idea comes to me My conscious mind In its slumber Is absent to dismiss My wish As ridiculous So I remove my clothes And stand in the doorway The cool breeze kissing my bare skin With sensual droplets of moisture. I run out into the backyard I comb my hair back with my fingers And let raindrops parachute onto my tongue I feel my feet squish into The grass Puddles And mud I sing a song In a language all of my own Rejoicing with all my might As I dance around and around In celebration of the rain I love a rainy day.

 LUNCH WITH KIKI I had lunch with a friend the other day who now wants to be referred to as "Kiki." I aim to please, so Kiki it is. Kiki and his boyfriend have an open relationship. They've been together a little longer than Jefffier has, but they have had an open relationship for quite a while. Since I'm still working on a short story about open relationships, I questioned Kiki about it for some research. The numbers were about as much as I expected. He said that at least half of all gay couples have talked about and have guidelines for having sex outside the relationship. It may be that it happens away from home and they agree not to talk about it. They may only pick up a third partner occasionally. It may be that they are allowed to "play" while out of town. Whatever works for them is what they do. I've always maintained that two people have to have a very solid relationship to make this arrangement work. One person may want it more than the other and then jealousy rears its ugly head. It's also sometimes used to draw attention away from problems within the relationship that neither side wants to address. Then it simplys masks a slow death of the relationship until it withers away completely. Finally, some people make it work very successfully for them. Now, I have to clarify that Kiki first had his numbers up at 100%, but changed them when I qualified my question with "an arrangement between both parties that has been discussed with both parties." He thinks all gay couples have strayed at one point or another. "After all, we are only men." I'm not sure I agree. Yes, I know some couples who hit a rough patch and one person may have had a tryst in despair or frustration, but realized they wanted to work things out. However, they did not have other sexual partners on a consistent basis. Then Kiki tells me that if 2Fs wasn't so religious, he would probably want to have a three-way. I told him his opinion was duly noted, but I don't agree. Some of what Kiki terms religious is intrinsically who 2Fs is. Plus, I've noticed that when some men come out later in life, say lay 30s or early 40s, they have already dated women and don't need to be the kid in the candy store. What I find interesting about the conversation with Kiki is how certain he was of gay behavior and how his beliefs applied to every one. Granted, in his mind love and sex are not mutually exclusive and he and his partner make their arrangement work successfully like many other men, but I think the number of gay men who aren't interested in open relationships might surprise him. It made me think about my beliefs about a lot of different things and wonder just how objective I am. I told 2Fs about the conversation. He confirmed what I thought he would say. Don't get me wrong. I have asked him about this subject because I came out much earlier than he did and sowed my wild oates so to speak, but he never did. I wondered if he needed to experience sex with someone else to be satisfied. He said no. He found the idea intriguing in much the same way you would if you knew you could rob a bank for a million dollars and not get caught or jump off a building without being hurt. However, when you think about what you lose. There is something special, well, at least for me, about sacred intimacy and a bond you share with someone that is unbroken. Maybe other people don't feel it or care, but it's something I like. I like not worrying about disease. Relationships are about more than sex and I find it too hard to concentrate on more than one person. Some people might say that I have been enchanted by the straight couple concept or the fallacy of marriage. I say that no two relationships are the same and when it comes to defining what is right for you and another person, the only thing you can rely on is your own internal compass and communication. Then again, maybe it has nothing to do with commitment and sacredness or communication. Maybe it's just because I'm getting older and too tired to focus on pleasing more than one person at a time. Am I lazy or is a three-way just too much work?

 THE PILL "Do you have her?" "Yes!" "Watch the paws! Watch the paws!" "I've got her! Do it!" I pried the jaws open that revealed many razor sharp teeth and Jeff dropped the pill in. Her eyes burned with defiance. I closed her mouth and stroked the underside of her chin. The danger was over with no bloodshed. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, once again Jefffier has given the cat a pill.

 WORD FOR TODAY Verisimilitude \ver-uh-suh-MIL-uh-tood; -tyood\, noun: 1. The appearance of truth; the quality of seeming to be true. 2. Something that has the appearance of being true or real. For example, Trevor walked with confidence into the Velvet Spike as the verisimilitude of his bubble butt attracted attention. However, when a hunky lawyer named, Chet, invited him home to part his ass like the Red Sea with his staff of Moses, Trevor realized that his gel-tush pads would be exposed.

 THE SHOCK OF RECOGNITION I was just running up the steep hill just past the police station and beside the elephant pen when I saw him. I couldn't believe it at first. It was right during the middle of the Groove Collision Remix of Sophie Ellis-Bextor's Mixed Up World , but I recognized him at once. It was the Bottom Boy... in the flesh! As some of you may recall, one of the sites that I had a password and user name for changed to a personal Web site a few months ago and I began to receive weekly e-mails with my matches. It must have been based upon geographic location because the variety I received, and the fact that I had not filled out a detailed profile, brought all different types of men into my In Box each week. One of them was the Bottom Boy. Why do I call him the Bottom Boy you ask? Well, I read his profile with the intent of potentially introducing him to my friend, Mark, back when he was single. This guy lives in Grant Park and like a nice guy. At the end of a profile, most of these guys would reiterate something about themselves. Bottom Boy reiterated that he was a catcher only and he never had and never will pitch, if you get my drift. I decided that someone who was so rigid might not be a good match for Mark. Granted, I had never discussed preferences for sexual positions with Mark, but I just felt that if this guy was so rigid in this area he would probably be rigid in other areas as well. Besides, what was I going to tell him. "Hi. I saw your ad and I'm not interested personally because I have a partner, but I'd like to introduce you to a friend of mine. What do ya say?" If I received an e-mail like that, I would quickly block the sender's e-mail address. Once I actually received an e-mail that had a friend I know through other friends. He's a real nice guy, but when I saw him recently, I felt it was best not to metion it to him. Knowing him, I felt that he might freak out a bit knowing that someone he knew saw it, which seems to be the whole point. It's like people getting upset when other people discover their nude pictures on the Internet. If you don't want people to find them, don't put them out there or at least crop your head off. I really just wanted to say, "Hey, I think it's great that you're putting the effort out there to meet other people and I hope you meet someone special." I considered saying something to Bottom Boy today as he lead his dog into the park, but the whole situation smelt of a freakish awkward quality. It was best to let it go. Besides, Bottom Boy didn't look happy.

 PRUNING LIMBS Last night when I was at the gym and I was pushing myself to the limits on the leg extension, I looked at where my legs disappeared in my ankle socks and wondered if that is what my legs would look like if my feet were amputated. We react to amputation with such horror at first, but in time we realize it's just trimming some piece off that is no longer useful. Who has not woken up with a stranger in your arms after a wild night on the town and not considered knawing their arm off to get away without waking up the other person? Although I'm not eager to lose limbs, I did consider whether or not it would be preferable to lose a hand or foot. Since I type so much, I think I would be more open to losing a foot because you can still be quite active with a prosthesis. It's a little harder to type with one hand. Then again, I know several fellows who are quite proficient at it, come to think of it.

 PATIENCE I've been listening to the new urlLink George Michael CD, Patience , and I really like it. I think it's my favorite album he has ever done. It was a long road to this album when George released Freek! back in 2002. It wasn't received very well. I didn't care for it much myself. Shoot The Dog was the second single and was controversial for it's video showing Tony Blair fetching the stick that George W. Bush throws for him. The song is pretty cool as it makes use of music and vocals from my favorite Human Leauge song, Love Action (I Believe) . If you would like to see the video, urlLink go here . Amazing is the newest single and it's a nice George Michael number. John And Elvis Are Dead is an interesting analogy and Flawless (Go To The City) is a beautiful dance track for beautiful people. Freek! '04 seems more appealing the second time around. I assume it is remixed to some degree. I believe it's about cyber sex. My favorite track is American Angel , which I believe is about George's partner. I read a year or so ago that he had lived in Dallas for a few years with his boyfriend. The song is about a cowboy from Texas who stole his heart. It's a very passionate song about vulnerability. I quite like it and the Texas thing is just another big plus for me. I highly recommend it. I ordered mine from urlLink CD-Wow , which has the best prices I have found and provides free shipping to anywhere in the world.

 PROGRESSIVE DINNER PARTY We're having a progressive dinner party on Sunday. Somehow I ended up being in charge of it. Maybe it's because I had all the e-mail addresses and phone numbers. It starts at 6pm and lasts until 9pm. Four of our neighbors' homes will be opened up for a different course. The first course is drinks and appetizers, followed by soups and salads, the main course and side dishes and then desserts and coffee. It was a big success last year and we live on a fun block. Almost everyone is either named Jeff or Susan. I'm still trying to get the final head count. We have more people being added to the list each day, mostly from outside our block. The more the Maryier I always say. The more the Rhodaier..... No, it's better the other way. Anyway, it seems like we have more people waiting until the last week to decide what they will bring and Jeff and I are deciding what we will bring based upon where we are short items. It should be a lot of fun. I think I'm going to make something out of my 1001 Chocolate Delights book. I bought it earlier this year when I was on the first two weeks of the South Beach Diet. I was holding the book sideways and looking at the pictures of the desserts as if they were porn. It's a great diet, but I'm glad I'm beyond the restrictive phase now. I telling Jeff the other day that there are lots of opportunities for businesses to cash in on the gay market. I said, "You know we could make a killing off selling custom penis cakes over the Internet." Jeff looked at me wryly and said, "Don't you think someone has already taken that market?" I threw my head back and laughed. "Oh Jeff, you're such a card. Why you make it sound like gay men think about sex constantly." Hahahahaha!

 SPLISH SPLASH So I'm driving back from Decatur where I have just picked up my professional photographs of me in a suit. Can you imagine it? Me in a suit? I swear I must have been hanged in a past life. Anyway, I drove by a car wash on the way home and decided to stop in and wash my car since it's so hard to do it on the weekend. I carry a bank pouch with spare change in it in my trunk. It used to have crayons in it. (Don't ask!) Therefore, some of the wax in the bag melted and was all over the quarters. It was sort of like that Madonna movie that she should not have made. However, it did improve my love making techniques in parking garages. I undress, I mean digress. So I vacuumed out the Miata and washed it and shot a coat of wax on it. I don't really understand the car wash. You have all these options and there is no logical order to follow. You have high pressure wash, rinse, tire degreaser, foaming brush, and wax. Obviously, you want to rinse after the foaming brush. I love the foaming brush. It sounds like a children's TV show. "And now kids it's time for a visit from Mr. Foaming Brush! YEAH!" However, it's not quite as exciting as a visit from the foaming dog because then Mr. Gun comes out of the drawer and BANG! No more foaming dog. Sigh....

 SEXY MORTGAGES So Jud says to me, "Jef, let's you and George get together for a three-way next way." I almost choked on my toast, but managed to mutter, "Sure. Thanks." Yes, it's not every morning you hear that statement at a business networking event, but at a PowerCore meeting it is not uncommon. Jud is personal injury attorney and George sales all types of insurance. The point of getting together is to find out what we each do so that we can recognize potential referrals for the other members of our networking team. Each week, we give a one minute spill about ourselves and our services called an InfoMinute. I didn't find out that I was accepted by the team until the night before so I had to throw something together. I took enough speech classes that I can usually come across pretty well, but most people think they know mortgages. They forget that clients need to refinance to consolidate debt, obtain cash to pay taxes, buy someone out during a divorce, etc. Next week, I will start my spill as normal and then say, "I'm sorry. I can't get on. It's just it really bothers me that people think they know everything about mortgages. They seem them as dry and black and white, but let me tell, mortgages are sexy. Now I'm not talking about some guy standing in a bar and some voluptous woman walks up to him and says, "So, is that a mortgage in your pocket or are you just happy to see me. What do you imagine when you think of a sexy person. You think confidence, stream-lined, healthy. That's what a sexy mortgage does. I take the time to get to know my clients and their needs and what their plans are for the future. Then I can offer the right product for my customer's needs so that when they talk about their mortgage, they appear confident, their product is streamlined for their particular situation and it creates a healthy financial picture for them. If you know someone who can appreciate a sexy mortgage, give them my card and ask them to give your name when they call me. I'm Jef and I have sexy mortgages." It will be interesting to see how they respond. I'll keep you posted.

 AM I TRULY AN INTERNATIONAL MALE? Ever wonder why hot dogs come ten to a pack and hot dog buns come eight to a pack? Ever wonder why no matter which locker you put your gym bag in, the only other person at the gym is always right next to yours and you're both trying to change at the same time? Ever wonder how no matter where you move, the International Male catalogue will always find you? What is International Male ? It's a menswear catalogue with hunky models that sport the finest in casual wear, athletic wear, swimwear and underwear that is so brief you could almost call it underestimatedwear. Now when it first showed up in college it was probably the closest thing to actual porn that I owned. The models were very inspiring and I actually cut out a few pictures that I posted next to my weights. However, I never actually ordered anything from the catalogue. Years later I did order a tank top and a modest swimsuit. Once I ordered a cool mesh club shirt, but it was very creepy to actually wear. It felt too much like having thousands of live crickets all over my torso and I had to send it back. I often wonder who buys the exotic outfits from International Male . Now even if I had a perfect body, I'm not sure that I would wear madras plaide swin trunks, huraches and a black wool fedora. What would it say about me if I did? It would sort of send out mixed signals as if I was a detective looking for cheap rum at a Greek mixer. I can safely say that I don't need any shape-enhancing swimwear bringing anymore notice to my crotch than I already have. I was happy to see that the producers finally bought that black opera trench coat that Neo was wearing in the last two Matrix flicks. I didn't think they would ever sell it. And although the faux leopard pocket thong and Samoa shark took necklace are intriguing, where would I wear this smart little ensemble too? The grocery store? Church? Moreover, does the cutout ribbed bodysuit seem too much like super hero lounge wear. Would I feel too much like one of the Super Friends in his off hours relaxing at home with a low-carb smoothie? Finally, in spite of sexy assurance that the model exudes while sporting the powder blue camo muscle T with the melon clamdiggers, can I safely say they are truly back in style, and more importantly, really me? I think not. So who are the people buying the merchandise from International Male ? Someone has to be doing it because I keep receiving catalogues. They have to be making money. If you are one of these people, please comment and tell us more about yourself and what you buy. Inquiring minds like to know.

 MY HEAD IS SPINNING Princess has not felt well for the past few days. At first, I noticed that she was very vocal and needy on Tuesday. That night, she kept getting in and out of bed all night long. That doesn't sound like that big of a deal except that she likes to crawl across me to get to the center of the bed where she likes to sleep. At one point I woke up and she was sitting on my chest meowing at me. I knew it had to be because I was getting up at 5:30am to go to the PowerCore meeting. When I came downstairs I found little puddles of cat urine with blood. Now I knew what she was trying to tell me. I petted her awhile and left her in her little cat bed. When I returned from the meeting, she was outside with Jeff and seemed to be doing better. Last night, she had another accident and seemed to be uncomfortable. Jeff worried somewhat that she would die during the course of the night, but I assured him that although she apparently had a urinary tract infection, none of the symptoms seemed severe enough to go to the emergency room. However, she did seem uncomfortable and I was anxious to take her to someone we could trust. This morning we called around to all of our pet rescue friends and got referrals for vets. The one around the corner from us is awful. Princess cussed him out... literally. For various reasons, we finally got an appointment with her old vet on the southside. It's a little further than we would like to drive, but we'd rather take her to someone we can trust. Jeff picked us up and I scooped up Princess in a towel and we sort of looked like a ragtag nativity scene with the cat as a Baby Jesus. I practiced looking solemn down to the vet's office and kept waiting to look at someone at a traffic light and shout brightly, "IT'S A GIRL!" The vet checked her out and did a great job. She gave her some fluid and a cortizone shot. It's always funny to watch Princess have her ears and teeth checked. Her eyes roll back in her head and she looks like Norma Desmond. "I'm ready for my closeup, Mr. Demille." The vet said that we have to give Princess a pill once a day for a week. We just looked at each other and then Jeff said, "Well, I guess that's okay. I haven't put my winter coat up yet." We normally place Princess on top of the washing machine and don parkas and heavy gloves. One of us will hold her with a towel around her paws and the other one pries the mouth open and drops the pill in there. The first time we tried sans winter wear and we were both anemic for a week. Anyway she is in the dining room asleep under the dining room table. I expect this is the first decent rest she has had in several days. She woke up once and meowed to ask where I was. I told her I was in the den working and she went back to sleep. Isn't it amazing how animals and people learn to live with one another and understand one another. I guess I will try and get some work done now.

 PLEASE STAND BY Just a quick note to let you know that the meeting went well this morning and I saved the deal that was heading south. I can't type much more right now. I'll explain later.

 IT'S OH SO QUIET It's been a good day. I took a run around the park this evening. I packed Scott's CDs to send to him in far northwest. Jeff and I had a nice chicken Caesar salad for dinner. I'm set to go to my PowerCore meeting tomorrow, although I'm not excited about getting up at 5:30am to drive to Marietta. I guess I'll need to get used to it because I'm about to do it every Wednesday morning. I feel like my energy is moving again. Does that make sense? I don't feel like a ball bouncing in place anymore. I took some time today to move my personal belongings out of the filing cabinet next to my desk and start setting up work related files. The personal files were just begging for reorganization and a thorough, merciless cleaning. I have a pendaflex folder that will hold everything I need nicely. I found a folder with stacks of scripts, short stories and poetry that I have written over the last ten years. I had a very prolific poetry period. I'm not a rhymer. I just like to express my thoughts, and God forbid, my feelings. I'd like to reorganize it and put in on-line. Poetry is fun because each line can be a snapshot of emotion or theory or conceptual. I have a dark secret that I am loathe to admit. I like that Britney Spear's song, Toxic . I tried to run and I tried to hide, but I finally heard it and I like it. I know that it's only because Cathy Dennis wrote it and she's my girl. (Along with Kylie, Sophie and Bananarama, etc.....) Remember Cathy Dennis? She sang on D-Mob's C'mon and Get My Love back in 1990 and had hits with Just Another Dream , Touch Me (All Night Long) and Too Many Walls back in 1991. She co-wrote a lot of her stuff with Shep Pettibone, the 80's remix king who became a producer in the early 90's. He produced Vogue , Rescue Me and the Erotica album for Madonna. Anyway, Cathy released a second album, Into The Skyline , that pretty much flopped in the states. It was more A/C than pop or dance music. She released a third album, Am I Your Girl , and it was her equivalent to Kylie's Impossible Princess . It was very rock-oriented. Then she decided she was tired of performing and began writing songs for S Club 7, Pop Idol winners and the American Idol winners. Her most famous composition is Kylie's Can't Get You Out Of My Head . I guess that explains why she is the eighth richest women in England. It's very quiet here tonight. My mind and body is beginning to wind down. There is still lots that I would like to do tonight before I go to sleep, but I trust that it will all be there in the morning. I'm beginning to believe that Jefffifer will actually go on vacation this year. The dream was beginning to die with me. We were supposed to go to the UK last summer. Jeff wanted to visit Scotland and I wanted to visit Ireland. We planned a brief stop in London so I could check it out and possibly stalk Bananarama. I'm not a fan. That's short for fanatic and fanatics do fanatical things. I like to think of myself as more of a Bananarama enthusiast.

 IT'S BEEN A GOLDEN GRAHAMS DAY TODAY For some reason I was beginning to feel discouraged with work lately. I've had one deal that through no fault of my own was slowly going south and the other leads I was receiving seemed to be going no where. I realized that I needed to turn my attitude around so I began making a list of what I wanted to create in my life and one list of what I wated to release from my life. I began to visualize my life the way I wanted it to be and if negative thoughts cames to mind, I turned them around into something positive. I also went intensified my organization of my desk and bedroom. The first time home buyers seminar went great last night. I received several compliments on my presentation and more importantly the attendees asked intelligent questions and seemed very thankful for the information. Unfortunately, some of them need some help with credit before they will be able to purchase, but I feel much more confident in my presentation than I did yesterday. I received three good leads today back to back. I also received a call from Tracy at PowerCore that I have been accepted by the team that I visited last week. I'm going to the meeting tomorrow morning. My pictures are ready to be picked up on Thursday from the photographer so I can proceed with my advertising. People say they are great pictures, but I just look so unnatural in a suit in my humble opinion. I received a voice mail message from my client who has the deal that seemed to be going south. He is supposed to call back tonight to discuss the situation. I also spoke with the lender and he will decide if he can offer a compromise after looking at the market tomorrow. Is it magic? Is it positive thinking? Is it just a coincidence? I don't know. I'm just thankful.

 RYANSTACK I came across a blog a week or so ago via comment that he posted and I have actually enjoyed reading it. urlLink Ryanstack , and I'm assuming his name is Ryan, has an especially interesting post today. I encourage you to pay his site a visit.

 MEXICAN VIRUS I received this e-mail from a friend, which was sent with no malice. However, at what point do we forgo a laugh in order to stop the further spread of stereotypes? Buenos Dias!!! Jou have yust receiveded a mehican birus ! Since we not so technologically adbanced in Mehico, dis is a manual birus. Plese delete all the files on jour hard drive jourself and send thees email to ebreone jou know Tan jou per helping me. Julio Manuel Jose Rodriguez Garcia Mehican Hacker

 MAY THE FACE R.I.P. LONDON - Poor sales have forced the closure of The Face, the influential British pop culture magazine, publishers announced Friday. An innovative design and an edgy take on music and fashion made the 24-year-old monthly a beacon of cool throughout the 1980s and 1990s. It suffered a sharp decline in circulation in recent years, however, and attempts to sell it failed. At its peak in the mid-1980s, The Face had a circulation of more than 100,000 copies a month. The latest figures from July to December 2003 showed that the number had dropped to about 40,000. "Despite initial interest from a number of different parties, we have been unable to secure a suitable buyer for The Face and have therefore decided to close the magazine," a spokesperson for Emap PLC said, adding, however, that the publication could reappear "at some stage in the future." Launched in 1980, The Face played a major role in predicting music and fashion trends, including the rise of British designer Vivienne Westwood, waif chic, the rave scene and the revival of Britpop. The publication was also widely credited with kicking off the career of a 15-year-old Kate Moss, who was featured on the magazine's cover in 1990. The Face's innovative use of graphic design and fashion spreads by forward-thinking photographers helped revitalize the British magazine industry. "The whole look of it, the style, the typography -- everything was very sexy and suddenly everything around it looked conservative," former contributor Paul Morley wrote in the Times of London in March. "The reason for The Face's demise is that everyone else caught up and overtook it." The last issue, dated May 2004, appeared in early April.

 AS TIME PASSES BY So I'm doing my first home buyers seminar at six o'clock this evening. I'm ready to do it now. I'm finding it really difficult to concentrate because I'm ready to do it. I'm going to leave a little early to go work out before hand and pick up some bottled waters and cookies. I think it will go well, I'm just ready for the show. We haven't had a lot of calls so I'm expecting it to be small, but all we need is one loan to make it worth while. Buddy has been in a mood all day today. It's raining and muddy outside. Princess can't go out so she has been talking all day long. She even drug her muddy self across the magazine I was reading at lunch. I guess she's been spoiled with the sunny weather and lounging outside the past week or so. I did accomplish quite a bit this weekend. I have Scott's CD's ready to mail tomorrow, but I'm waiting on one last track that is on my laptop, which Jeff has. I'll finish that tonight and mail them tomorrow. I've been working on these for at least a year. I've made them much more difficult than they needed to be, but I can't really explain it. I just know that I had to get them done. It's personal. I'm tired of setting goals and not finishing them. I did manage to get things cleaned up in my bedroom quite a bit. I still need to sort through some more stuff, but I made good headway. I just have too much stuff to go in the space and I need to find a way to get rid of what I no longer need and a place to store what I need to keep.

 DOH! I opened my eyes this morning and realized that the 2F's is not returning home until Monday night and he has my laptop, which I need to use to project my Powerpoint presentation onto the wall at my first time home buyers workshop on Monday night. I remained in a corpse position for several minutes even going so far to lay my hands across my chest as if I were holding a lily. I had let Jeff borrow the laptop to work on his business plan for his book store without thinking that he would not return until Monday night. I guess I will print the presentation out and pass them out at the workshop. It doesn't appear that we are going to have that many people, but if one person shows up, it was worth it. Plus, the presentation and the script are done. Isn't it amazing that we use scripts in other areas of our lives besides just making movies? If we walk into a store and the clerk asks if we need help, we reply, "No, I'm just looking." It's a script. If we are in the habit of saying goodbye to someone each day, it's basically a script. If we try to pick someone up in a bar, our line is a script. "Hey, baby, what's your sign?" As is their response. "Do not enter." Well, my day did not start out quite as I had planned. I was planning to go to church this morning, but my momentary panic through me off schedule. Being somewhat numb, I decided to go run around the park and get the energy flowing again. It was a nice run. I took my MP3 player with me and I think I have sorted things out. Everything will be fine. I will finish scanning some pictures for our historic neighborhood calenar. I will finish making those CD's to mail to my friend, Scott, in Oregon. I will work on designing the new blog - Cult Of Jef 2.0!

 ANOTHER THOUGHT PROVOKING QUOTE I ran across this quote by John Kenneth Galbraith. I don't know who the hell he is, but his statement is timely. "Nothing is so admirable in politics as a short memory." - John Kenneth Galbraith

 MY NIGHT WITHOUT YOU 2F's left to out of town for business this afternoon and it's just me and the cat tonight. The weather is hot and I can understand why people embrace the nudist lifestyle. However, they probably don't have all the windoes that my house has. I worked out this afternoon and saw the little red hair girl. She just smiled and waved at me. I always turn around to see who she is greeting so enthusiastically. It really throws me off when she does that. I went to Borders Books this afternoon to just hang out a while. Time has published a very nice special magazine about the seven wonders of the world. I was very tempted to buy it, but the last thing I need is more stuff, right? When I was six, I received a talking viewmaster for Christmas. It was longer than a regular viewmaster in order to store the batteries and the viewmaster reels had a clear plastic disc attached in the back. When you pressed a bar on the back of the viewmaster, it would play the recording. Anyway, I had one reel about the seven ancient wonders of the world. I was always fascinated by it and have always had a fondness in my heart for the seven wonders of the world. I read a bit about the hanging gardens of Babylon, which they are still a bit unsure if it really existed. I bought a Sunday paper tonight, which has always confused me as to why you can buy a Sunday paper on the Saturday before the Sunday. Moving on, the main feature in Parade magazine is about a man who went to Iraq to see some of the biblical places. One of those places was the hanging gardens of Babylon. Coincidence? Yeah. There is also a particular place in a village in sourthern Iraq that they believe is where the Garden of Eden was. It was an interesting article. I also read about castration throughout the ages tonight. Evidently there were three ways they would do it: cut the testicles out of the scrotum; tie a piece of matierial tightly around the testicles and they will slowly die; or someone would stomp on them and crush them. If I had to choose, I think I would go for number two. I believe that is how some of the men in the Heaven's Gate cult castrated themselves. I also discovered that if a man is castrated after pueberty, he will still retain most of his secondary sex characteristics and can achieve erection, but he will be sterile. In the middle ages, priests used to put young boys into a warm bath and give them liquor or opium to relax them and then cut their testicles out. I guess that's why the Catholic Church hasn't commented much on the Michael Jackson case, huh? In the U.S., in the early part of the 20th century, anyone who was found to be mentally incompetent was sterilized and this continued until just after WWII. Now that GLBT people are not allowed to marry, I wonder how long it will be before someone decides we should all be sterilized? I went by Publix in hopes of finding some more tiramisu, but alas, there was none to be found. I half-heartedly chose some marbled cheesecake and some boneless chicken strips. That was my wild dinner tonight. Jason lent me a copy of the The Robbie Williams Show and I watched it tonight. I must say, Robbie is the consumate entertainer. He is very charismatic on the stage. It was filmed at Pinewood Studios in the UK and was televised to generate publicity for his forthcoming album, Escapology . Of course, it's two years old now. I like Robbie's music. It has a seventies feel to it with a good dose of tongue in cheek humor. I just got off the phone with 2F's and I'm feeling rather tired. I think I may turn in soon. I want to get up early so that I can go to the early service at church tomorrow. I promised to help a friend tomorrow afternoon.

 JUST LIKE PAST-LIFE REGRESSION I was peeling an orange when it occured to me that it would certainly be much easier if we could just objectively view the world and our interactions with other people as objectively as people who go through past-life regressions. We could watch ourselves be spurned by past lovers that now are our siblings our boss with no remorse whatsoever. We could watch ourselves drown and be hanged without flinching. We could accept it for being just what it is and not analyzing it into something more than it is. I have begun receiving e-mails from a Kylie Minogue mailing list. I believe that I signed up for it years ago before she regained her recent popularity. The e-mails stopped for many years and now, like a scorching case of herpes before the prom, they have returned home. Ironically, there is not much Kylie news in the e-mail. There is some sort of flame-war going on between several members of this list and I received 43 e-mails in one day about using profanity in posts. I wonder if these people had ignored the offending party to begin after his initial offensive e-mail, if the whole situation could have been prevented. I finished reading Shopgirl this evening. It really spoke to me and at this time, I would say it's one of my favorite books of all time. It's not a happy book, but it's not an unhappy book. It just is. It is thought provoking in its examinations of love, sex and relationships. The last few lines about pain really stood out for me. I wonder if I would have liked this book if I had read it at any other place in my life. Unfortunately, it eroded my theory about experiencing our pain and lives objectively. Pain motivates us too much to be unnecessary. Perhaps we will be numb with our pain for years or even a lifetime, but if we run to the precipice of that agony and throw ourselves off into the unknown of joy in the last few seconds before our final breathe, we have succeeded. Now I keep thinking about past-life refreshin'. Maybe I can create a reality show based upon extreme makeovers of the people we may have been in other lifetimes. When you compare it to some of the actual programming on television, it's not to far out there.

 THE PERFECT PITCH I just e-mailed the PDF with my treatment and first ten pages of my screenplay to IMAGE for the Perfect Pitch contest. I cannot tell you what a great big sigh of relief I just heaved. Thanks to Jeff for some last minute proof-reading. I cannot tell you how much thought and energy went into avoiding this and mulling it over and over and over. It's done. I may pop open a bottle of champagne and smoke a cigarette. I had to write a one-page treatment, which is sort of a prose summary of the movie. It gives a brief overview to the producer so they can decide whether or not they want to spend the time reading the full screenplay, or more likely, have their assistant read it. Most treatments are five to fifteen pages long so it was challenge to condense it down to one-page. I couldn't find any resources on-line or in books that told how to do that. Therefore, I did the best I could. The script itself was pretty easy. I typically find if I just sit down at the keyboard and start typing, the right stuff flows out as if I am channeling or taking dictation. I don't put a lot of thought into what I'm writing, but I find that there are a lot of layers to it when I reread it. I don't know how I do it, I'm just glad it works. The one-page treatment took longer than the script did. I suppose your thinking, "Why is this so important?" Well, for one thing, there are many things I have wanted to do in the past, which have not come to fruition because I have always been responsible and done other things first with the bit of spare time that I have. Second, I have come to believe that if I want to do anyting with my creative talents, I need to start taking them seriously and showing them some respect. Although it would be nice to pitch my script to the panel of judges and go to Hollywood to meet with production companies, I'm just glad that I set the goal and actually did it. Way to go me! I'm going to paste the treatment into this post. Unfortunately, the screenplay was written in FinalDraft and I can only produce a PDF. If any of you are interested in reading the first ten pages of the screenplay, e-mail me and I'll send it to you. Damn! I just realized that now I need to write the other 110 pages of the script. TREATMENT What do you want to be when you grow up, Millicent? asks her third grade teacher. I want to be a gynecologist and a LPC so I can provide counseling while doing pap smears for busy women on the go. It just makes sense, doesnt it? And so we meet Millicent Myers, a precocious eight-year-old who has grown up in a world of adults and is incapable of relating to other children. After being sent to the school psychologist for help with her atypical eight-year-old attitude, Millicent finds herself giving marital advice to Mrs. Tweedy instead of receiving professional guidance. After her father, a police officer, died in the line of duty, Millicent has spent her afternoons with her next-door-neighbor, Chuck, a professional photographer who treats her as if she were an adult. While her mother is at work, they play games such as supermodel photo-shoot, lets fire the board of directors and movie star diva throws a tantrum on the set. Naturally, she falls in love with Chuck and has their life together all planned out when Mr. Neitzke enters the picture. You see, Mr. Neitzke is Chucks new boyfriend. Not only does he take Chucks attention away from Millicent, but he is a challenge to the control that she has over her life. After trying every trick in the book to run him off, what is a little girl left to do? Why, plan to do Mr. Neitzke in, of course! Through her creative imagination, Millicent consults with the most infamous murderers and murderesses of history on how to do the evil deed, while the ghost of her father tries to talk her out of each diabolical scheme. In the end, Millicents unfortunate mother seems to walk right into each trap and foil Millicents evil plans. Finally, one of Millicents schemes goes too far. Chuck rushes to the hospital with her mother while Millicent is left alone with Mr. Neitzke and the realization that she may have hurt the one person who loves her the most. In doing so, Millicent discovers that Mr. Neitzke is not such a bad guy after all and decides to left him live. In the end, Millicents mother recovers. Millicent says goodbye to her fathers spirit while taking her first steps toward learning what it is like to be just a little girl.

 DREAMS ARE FUNNY I dreamt last night that Jeff and I went to a cowboy bar and he wanted to dance to country & western music. For some reason, I wanted to watch the gay cowboys dancing together for awhile first. Jeff decided to ask another guy to dance and they went two-steppin' around the floor. A slow song came on and I saw Jeff dancing with his head on this guy's shoulder. I found myself becoming angry and hoping for his sake that he was unconscious and the other guy had to hold him that way to keep from falling down. Of course, then I was suddenly in the Amazon River Basin as you normally are in dreams and then I woke up. I was still angry with Jeff. He told me good morning and I said, "How could you dance with somebody else like that?", went into the bathroom and shut the door.

 LESBIAN CLUE Troy at Sometimes Happy has got me thinking about lesbians lately. I love lesbians. I love them in every size and color. Heck, I'd be one myself if it wasn't for the fact that I'm gay and have outdoor plumbing. (Do you know what I'm talking about?) Somehow I started thinking about lesbian board games and wondered what a Lesbian Clue would be like. For some reason, I thought about Coach Mufftutuff in the gymnasium with vibrator. Mother Earth in the kitchen with the turkey baster. Ms. Pussywillow in the parlor with a....? Hmmm, what would you say?

 MY GOOD FORTUNE Someone spoke to me today about something that made me feel incredibly good. I'm not sure what to think other than I have received a huge compliment. It's also an exciting opportunity. That's all I want to say right now. Good just seems to be flowing in from every corner. Life's never boring.

 BLOG LIKE BREATHING I have discussed blogging with many people lately. What is it that captures our attention? One friend enjoys my blog because he feels sort of like a peeping tom sneaking a peak inside my life. I like the friendships I have built with people from all over the world during the past few months. What once began as a click of exploration grew to a daily dose and then caring about the people I check in on daily. If they do not post something new each day, I begin to worry if they are okay. There are so many different types. Some blogs are gossip. some are political, some are a menagerie of interesting news articles, some are daily journals, some are a creative outlet: they're all good. I find that my mind is always going now. I'm constantly observing my thoughts and conversations for anything that might be "blog worthy." If something captures my attention, chances are, other people will find it interesting too. I must blog each day, sometimes several times a day. It's become a necessity for me, like breathing.

 YETI SIGHTING I have become enchanted by urlLink The Yeti , which is a comci strip created by Beastmomma's friend, Ben. It appears daily on his Web site, urlLink New Monkeys . It is a visual media blog. He line drawings are so simple and drawn with just enough detail to see the picture clearly, but not too much. There is not dialogue. The story is told through action and facial expressions. It reminds me of some of the great children's books of my youth or the cover for the first They Might Be Giants album.

 I'M ECSTATIC FOR ANDYMATIC I have a secret. I've been fighting it for a long time, but I just love reading urlLink Andymatic . He is always posting interesting political commentary on his blog, which is written clearly and concisely in a way that I can easily understand. Why even yesterday we discussed Diana Ross & the Supremes and scrotums! Where else can you do that? The irony that I live with someone who works in government and have several friends who are political junkies is not lost on me. I like the way Andy states the facts and they interprets the situation from his point of view. If anyone disagrees with his commentary, he politely responds back. He usually brings up a few good points that I have never considered and for the most part, I find his writing to be more objective than subjective like some blogs of both political persuasions. I immediately tune out anyone who says anything like "Bush is just an idiot because I don't like him." The only thing that happens in that instance is that I know you don't like Bush and I should not listen to you. I may not agree with the man on many points, but if you are going to criticize him, or anyone else, have some facts to support it. This just contributes to the insanity in our political system. One party is always criticizing the other and it is so counter-productive. I sometimes think it will take a disaster to allow these two parties to look beyond their differences and work together. Anyway, the point I am trying to make is that I recommend Andymatic and you may want to visit his blog.

 READING GLASSES When I was 19, I bought some faux glasses at Hulen Mall in Fort Worth. I think my boyfriend at the time had bought some and I thought they were cool. I've always had good vision. I found them in a drawer a year or so ago and put them on my desk. Sometimes when I feel that I need help writing, I put them on and imagine they give me special writing powers. Oddly enough, it always seems to get me over the hump. Glasses make me feel like a writer. Several years ago, I read a book on creative visualization. The author taught some inner city school children to imagine they were putting the head of a famous artist on top of their neck and create some artwork. Ironically, the artwork improved. It's amazing how making a suggestion like that can change everything.

 WRITER'S GROUP Not knowing how many members would be coming tonight, I was somewhat befuddled as what to offer my guests tonight. Fortunately, I had some cheese and a summer sausage that I cut up along with a green apple. I also baked some of those chocolate chip cookies with caramel in the middle. It was just Tim and I tonight. Charles has a class on Wednesdays and Rick is understaffed and overworked. He'll be out for a while. Tim told me I was a model of domesticity or something like that. I laughed because nothing could be further from the truth. After all, I'm the guy who stapled my costume together for a play in college. I gave my review of Carrie Fisher's The Best Awful and Tim gave his impressions of The Nannie Diaries. He's not going to finish the book if that gives you any indication. He said that after he took some writing classes, he began to read books for the writing and structure and he doesn't just read for the story any longer. As a result, he is not afraid to walk away from a badly written book. We discussed if this was due to poor editing and came to the conclusion that editors are overworked and more unpolished work is being published. I read Thelma's Dilemma and Tim gave it a thumbs up. I'm actually proud of my little piece on testosterone. I'm writing more and more about straight couples. I'm okay with that, but I wonder if it says something about me psychologically. We discussed Charles' short story,which we both liked, but had different interpretations of the ending. Charles has a good command of detail. He gives you just enough, but never too much. I've finished half of Exfoliation and Tim gave me his feedback on it. It was very positive with a few suggestions about some places being a bit mello-dramatic and questioned whether the sex scene was necessary. I'll have to think about that. I was trying to get across how lust sometimes causes us to Jeckle & Hyde between personalities. That may not have been clear. The sex scene may not be necessary. I won't have time to look over it again until next week. I ask a lot of questions about feedback. I want to make sure that I understand what's being said. There's nothing worse than getting back to your computer and trying to figure out what someone has said. I'm proud of this story. I feel like I'm channeling it more than actually writing it. Rereading some sections, I'm amazed at some of the foreshadowing and multiple layers that are there that I did not consciously create. I'm learning a lot by writing it. Tim and I talked for the rest of the meeting about how his blog and Web site came around. It was a remarkable story on so many different levels. I had to tell him this is the essay he needs to write to send in to NPR. There are so many incredible layers to the story. I learned a lot more about him tonight. Now I understand his logic and thinking a little bit more. Maybe I'm fooling myself. I think we bonded a bit tonight. It was cool.

 NETWORKING UPDATE I received a call from the visitor coordinator this afternoon. She thanked me for stopping by to the PowerCore meeting this morning. I received a second phone call from another member who told me I gave a very nice presentation. He talked with me a bit about the group. Evidently, the realtor in the group gives all of her mortgage leads to her husband, who is a loan officer. Still, there is a CPA, a financial planner, insurance agents and other professionals in the group. I have a good feeling about it. I faxed my application in and we will wait and see. I'm just glad that my presentation was well perceived. I hate not being prepared. I've noticed that I'm not longer struggling on the inside with my job. I'm staying in the moment and just focusing on taking care of my self after last week's funk. Tonight I received a lead. There's a part of me that says it's connected. Is it? It's not hurting me to believe so, therefore, I will continue to do so. I like to see myself unleashing my ferocity upon an unsuspecting world. Hey! I could be drinking alone.

 REARRANGING THE FURNITURE As many of you may know, my desk now sits in the middle of the den due to the hole in the ceiling, which exposes the pipe to the upstairs shower. This means that the futon is moved back, almost blocking the doorway. I would hate to think what this is doing for my feng shui, but I have quickly adapted. In fact, tonight Jeff was working on the computer and I came in to sit on the futon and just rest a moment with him and the cat. It was very nice. Jeff went up to bed and I sat on the futon for a few moments and read a couple of pages of Shopgirl . It almost felt like I was in a new home. It feels good to change things up a bit from time to time. There are so many analogies for furniture. When we rearrange the furniture in our lives, we walk into it at first, but we soon learn to walk around it. What things are you walking around in your life? Why don't you rearrange them?

 MINDFUL THREADS I had a visit from Gregory at urlLink Mindful Threads today and I really like his blog. Ironically, he is in Fort Worth where I lived as a teenager and could not wait to escape from. I find his writing and self-examination interesting. Perhaps you will too.

 WHAT NEMO CHARACTER ARE YOU? I was lured into this quiz on urlLink Jesse McPherson's blog . The results do not surprise me. It must be because I chose the Animotion song. urlLink What Finding Nemo Character are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 YES, LADIES AND GENTLEMAN, HE'S STILL ALIVE I was surprised to find that I was easily aroused from a deep sleep this morning. The clock said 5:55am. I showered, put on my best suit and tie and headed for the urlLink PowerCore meeting. What is PowerCore you ask? It's a networking organization with little cell groups all around the Perimeter of Atlanta. They include a representative from almost every field. The mortgage seat on this particular team is now open and I was invited to attend by Bill. There was one other mortgage person visiting today and I'm sure there will be more before the team decides on a mortgage person. More importantly, I had the opportunity to see how a team meeting works, meet contacts and practice my InfoMinute, which is a 60-second self-promo. It's very effective. Now, keep in mind two things about me: (A) I do not like to wear suit and ties and I'm sure that I was hanged in a past life, and (B) I am extremely shy around people I do not know... especially in a business setting. Therefore, going to a networking function is a huge step for me and also good for me to move beyond this limitation. The meeting is on the other side of town so I printed out directions and laid out everything I would need the night before. I woke up in penty of time and drove to the hotel where the meeting was held. I listened to both Bette Midler and Uncanny Alliance's versions of I'm Beautiful Dammit! on the way to put me in just the right mood. When I arrived, I was in a for a bit of a shock. I didn't see any PowerCore people. The breakfast area was full of people, especially Army personnel in cammies, but no one I could identify from PowerCore. I asked the girl at the front desk where the PowerCore meeting was. She looked at me for a moment as if I had just asked if she was planning to eat her on liver, because if she was not, I hated to see good food go to waste. I asked her again, but spoke a little slower and more clearly. When she tilted her head to the side in the manner of a curious Jack Russell, I found myself asking again in a louder voice as if the problem was due to the fact that she was deaf and not because I was using a term foreign to her. Fortunately, she found a manager who knew what I was talking about and led me downstairs to the meeting. "We only know it by PowerCore, nothing else," he told me. The meeting already started, which is my all time greatest pet peeve. There was one chair left beside a woman who enthusiastically greeted me to the fold. I feared she might try to hug me in a warm effort of welcome. So each of us went around the room and gave our spill about some particular aspect of our industry. You cannot talk about it all in 60-seconds so you have to choose one aspect to focus on. The members were relaxed and were able to conduct business and laugh at the same time. When I spoke, I discussed working with first time home buyers and included a super hero story of how I had helped a recent client. They responded to the super hero story. I either speak very slowly, time collapsed upon itself or I wrapped my spill up at 30-seconds instead of 60-seconds. It's hard to know because everything was so new. I didn't embarrass myself, so I was happy. One person gave a seven minute presentation, which was interesting to learn about flooring. Then we went around the room and discussed common misconceptions about our industry. I touched on how most people think they have no need for a loan specialist if they arlready have a home and drew their attention to people who need to cash-in the equity on their home to pay taxes or consolidate debt, in the instance dividing up property for a divorce and the financial benefits of investment property. One guy asked if I actually asked potential customers how their marriages were doing and I responded back that since I only had 30-seconds to speak, I cut to the chase this morning. This seemed to get a laugh. Then members traded referrals. Since I was not a member, I did not have any referrals to give. I liked the group so I'm going to apply for the seat. I have business cards from several of the members so I will follow up with them and try to give a few referrals. Obviously, I want to make myself look good, but I also want to establish relationships with people who will take care of my customers with the same care that I do. I picked up my newsletters from Kinkos today and they look fantastic. I sent them off in the mail today to my client database. I also printed some color flyers for the first time home buyers workshop to put out tomorrow. Robert wanted to put some black and white ones up with a big black streak across them. I don't know what he was thinking. He's usually a stickler for that kind of stuff. He seems to be doing well, but he said the other day that he still doesn't like working alone. On the other hand, I'm finding it easier and easier to be independent. I still have some follow ups to do, so I'll wrap this up. I'm still amazed at how quickly the black funk came and went last week. I feel so much better now. Things are looking up.

 I'M BEAUTIFUL, DAMMIT! I was going through some of my CD singles this evening and I came across Bette Midler's cover of I'm Beautiful by Uncanny Alliance. I know some of you will find the lyrics timely from discussions we have been having. Others will just find the words entertaining. Enjoy! "That's it, baby! When you got it, flaunt it, flaunt it!" "This is the Divine Miss M and I'm here to share with you some rare and stimulating insight into my cosmic fabulosity. It's really very simple. I smiply believe with all my heart:" I'm beautiful, I'm beautiful, I'm beautiful, dammit! I'm beautiful, I'm beautiful, I'm beautiful, dammit! I'm beautiful, so beautiful, I'm beautiful, dammit! I'm beautiful, I'm beautiful, I'm beautiful, dammit! "Go away, little girl," they used to say. "Hey, you're too fat, baby, you can't play." "Hold on, miss thing, what you trying to do? You know you're too wack to be in our school." Too wack, too smart, too fast, too fine, too loud, too tough, too too divine. I said you don't belong. You don't belong. Too loud, too big, too much to bear, too bold, too brash, too prone to swear. I heard that song for much too long. Ain't this my sun? Ain't this my moon? Ain't this my world to be who I choose? Ain't this my song? Ain't this my movie? Ain't this my world? I know I can do it. I'm not too short, I'm not too tall, I'm not too big, I'm not too small. Ooh, don't lemme start lovin' myself! Ooh, don't lemme start lovin' myself! I'm not too white, I'm not too black, I'm not too this, I'm not too that. Ooh, don't lemme start lovin' myself! Ooh, don't lemme start lovin' myself! I'm beautiful, I'm beautiful, I'm beautiful, dammit! I'm beautiful, I'm beautiful, I'm beautiful, dammit! It's time to call it what it is. Don't play the naming game. Become what you were born to be and be it unashamed. "Go away, little boy," I can hear them say, "Everybody on the block says they think you're gay. Hold on, my friend, do you think we're blind? Take a look at yourself. You're not our kind." Too black, too white, too short, too tall, too blue, too green, too red, too small. I said you don't belong. You don't belong. Too black, too white, too short, too tall, too blue, too green, too red, too small. I heard that song for much to long. Ain't this my sun? Ain't this my moon? Ain't this my world to be who I choose? Ain't this my song? Ain't this my movie? Ain't this my world? I know I can do it. People always ask me, "Miss M, how did you get so far on so little?" Shut up! Well, I woke up one morning, flossed my teeth and decided, "Damn, I'm fierce!" You look good! You can be just like me! A goddess? Yeah! Don't just pussy foot around and sit on your assets. Unleash your ferocity upon an unsuspecting world. Rise up and repeat after me: "I'm beautiful!" I'm beautiful, I'm beautiful, I'm beautiful! Can you say that? I'm beautiful, I'm beautiful, I'm beautiful! I don't hear you! I'm beautiful, I'm beautiful, I'm beautiful! Louder! I'm beautiful, I'm beautiful, I'm beautiful! Hey! That's it, baby, when you got it, flaunt it, flaunt it! Aaaaaah! Ain't this my sun? My sun! Ain't this my moon? My moon! Ain't this my world to be who I choose? Ain't this our song? Ain't this our song? Ain't this our movie? Ain't this our movie? Ain't this our world to be who we choose? I'm not too short, I'm not too tall, I'm not too big, I'm not too small. Ooh, don't lemme start lovin' myself! Ooh, don't lemme start lovin' myself! I'm not too white, I'm not too black, I'm not too this, I'm not too that. Ooh, don't lemme start lovin' myself! Ooh, don't lemme start lovin' myself! I'm beautiful, dammit!

 THELMA'S DILEMMA Thelma considered the tube on the kitchen counter. The cigarette between her lips shifted directions as her mouth changed moods from indifference to hopelessness. It appeared as if she was trying to pick up an answer to her dilemma via the little antenna in her mouth. Lighting the cigarette, Thelma picked up the tube and inhaled. Testosterone, she finally said while releasing the smoke from her lungs. Quickly she turned and looked at the kitchen windows to ensure that she could not be seen. The gossips in this small town made the CIA look like amateurs. Unscrewing the cap, Thelma brought the tube to her nose. It didnt smell so bad, but she would remember to tell Dr. Evans that the drug company might want to add a little floral scent to give their testosterone a more feminine touch. Dr. Evans told her to apply the gel to her skin and it would be absorbed into her system. She had been so uncomfortable at the appointment to talk about sex that it did not even occur to her to ask questions. Where was she supposed to put this stuff? Certainly she wouldnt put it down there! What if it burned?! Then again, the whole reason she went to the doctor was to put some sizzle back into her love life. Jolene swore testosterone saved her marriage and wagered it could save Thelmas too. Turning the oven light on, Thelma checked the tuna casserole and then flipped the switch off. Tuna casserole was Georges favorite dish. Looking at her reflection in the glass, she assessed her new hair color. Thelma had been afraid that it might be too bright a red for her skin color, but Jolene assured her that the color would ignite the desire in George like a match to kerosene. Thelma sure hoped so. Picking some lint off her green pant suit, Thelma took another drag on the cigarette and put the tube on the counter. She just couldnt believe George could be a homosexual. The women of Scuttlebutt County knew that the men sometimes hung out at the rest area by the Interstate, but they thought it was just to drink beer and talk on their CB radios. However, Jolene had seen part of a special about the iced tea trade on Hard Copy. She had been flipping channels during the commercials of Little House on the Prairie. Evidently these men met in the rest rooms at comfort stops. They dressed up in womens clothing, drank sweet tea and did unmentionable things together. Thelmas blood began to boil as she envisioned Georges glasses fogging up as he bit the buttons off a truckers shirt. Thelma had been grateful that George didnt trouble her with his needs too often. She had assumed that his sex drive had tapered off over the years and that he was focusing what little energy he had left into the hardware store and the mens group at church. Mens group! HA! Jolene must be right. Thelma had even baked some goddamn brownies to send with him each week. With nuts! And hadnt the hardware store been a clever cover all these years?! There in the temple of masculinity, surrounded by nails and screwdrivers in all their pecker-like glory, George had conducted a cult of perversion. Now Jasper, get a feel of this Philips in your hand and tell me if anything could be more natural. Is that a screwdriver or what? Thelma felt her lips growing warm from what little was left of the cigarette and quickly put it out in the ash tray. The lipstick print on the end of the butt taunted her. Its your own fault. You call yourself a woman? Youre nothing but pear-shaped bowl of Jell-o! Thelma swore not to let a nicotine scrap get the best of her and immediately dumped the contents of the ashtray down the garbage disposal. She found her anger vanished as she tripped the switch with a loud whirr. Whats for dinner hon? Thelma jumped and turned to see George standing in front of her. She had to handle this situation delicately and work her way up to the question some time between the tuna casserole and key lime pie. George, are you a faggot? At the funeral, Thelma could not erase the sight of George clutching his chest as he fell to the ground. Tragically, Jolene advised her at the hospital that the men were indeed just drinking beer and playing with their CB radios. In order for Georges death not to have been in vain, Thelma had him buried in a pair of her tummy-control panties. She figured that if she had killed George as a homosexual, the least she could do was bury him as a transvestite. The story had already spread all over town so she couldnt just say that George died as a straight man from natural causes. In her mind, it seemed like the most loving thing she could do.

 SHOPGIRL I mentioned earlier that I began reading Steve Martin's Shopgirl last night. Even now, I still can't help but marvel at how wonderful his writing is and what a witty and charming story he has begun to weave for me. It's a short book, only 129 pages and I highly recommend it... especially anyone who may be looking for love. I have posted a review from Amazon.com below. From Publishers Weekly Movie star Martin shone in the comic essays of last year's Pure DrivelAbut can he write serious fiction? His debut novella gives fans a chance to find out. Shy, depressed, young, lonely and usually broke, Vermont-bred Mirabelle Butterfield sells gloves at the Beverly Hills Neiman Marcus (nobody ever buys); at night, she watches TV with her two cats. Martin's slight plot follows Mirabelle's search for loveAor at least romance and companionshipAwith middle-aged Ray Porter, a womanizing Seattle millionaire who may, or may not, have hidden redeeming qualities. Also in and out of Mirabelle's life are a handful of supporting characters, all of them lonely and alienated, too. There's her father, a dysfunctional Vietnam vet; the laconic, unambitious Jeremy; and Mirabelle's promiscuous, body-obsessed co-worker Lisa. Detractors may call Martin's plot predictable, his characters stereotypes. Admirers may answer thatAas in Douglas CouplandAthese aren't stereotypes but modern archetypes, whose lives must be streamlined if they are to represent ours. Except for its love-hate relations with L.A., little about this book sounds much like Martin; its anxious, sometimes flat prose style can be affecting or disorienting, and belongs somewhere between Coupland and literary chroniclers of depression like Lydia Davis. Martin's first novel is finally neither a triumph nor a disaster: it's yet another of this intelligent performer's attempts to expand his range, and those who will buy it for the name on the cover could do a lot worse. (Oct.) Copyright 2000 Reed Business Information, Inc.

 LOU GEHRIG'S DISEASE WAS THE BEST THING EVER So we were discussing a story mentioned in The Quest For Wholeness the other day at church. The author mentioned a woman by the name of Evie, who had urlLink Lou Gehrig's disease or ALS as it also known. Evie hated herself and her body, which she referred to as a big bowl of Jell-o. Given only six months left to live, Evie decided that she would try to to find one thing about herself to love each day and she did. Confined to a wheel chair with no hope, she worked with a finger and then another to eventually come to truly celebrate every aspect of herself. Mysteriously, she did not die. In fact, she recovered. What does this say about the human mind? What is love really? It is really so much more than romantice love. "John!" "Martha!" Although, I think we can reach a level of truly understanding what love is within a relationship, but not typically from the love that ignites the fires of passion. This story has stayed with me for the past few weeks and especially last week when I could find so little around me to lift the black feeling that had descended on me, yet I kept trying to find something good in every moment. I feel somehow that my little bout of depression is linked to that story. I find myself looking at new ways to see myself and love myself. I'm not speaking of love in a maudline sense or a celabration of mastubatorial delight. Do we ever stop to wonder how marvelous every cell in our body is and what a miracle our bodies are. Our personalities are wild mustangs that run freely and cannot be tamed. Why do we label ourselves and try to put ourselves into little boxes of who and what we should be? I've listed some information on ALS below for those who are interested in learning more. ALS (Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis), also known as Lou Gehrig's Disease, is an incurable fatal neuromuscular disease characterized by progressive muscle weakness, resulting in paralysis. The disease attacks nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord. Motor neurons, which control the movement of voluntary muscles, deteriorate and eventually die. When the motor neurons die, the brain can no longer initiate and control muscle movement. Because muscles no longer receive the messages they need in order to function, they gradually weaken and deteriorate. The initial signs of ALS may vary. Symptoms include stiffness and increasing muscle weakness, especially involving the hands and feet. The disease eventually affects speech, swallowing and breathing. Because ALS only attacks motor neurons that control the body's voluntary muscles, patients' minds and senses are not impaired. Approximately 14 cases of ALS are diagnosed each day nationwide. Most of those who develop the disease are between 40 and 70 years of age. The average expected survival time for those suffering from ALS is three to five years. At any given time, approximately 30,000 people in the United States are living with the disease. The cause of ALS remains unclear, and no cure exists. While there is no drug to prevent or cure the disease, recent breakthroughs have resulted in Rilutek, a drug that modestly slows the progression of ALS.

 AFTERNOON MUSINGS I'm sitting here in the late afternoon reflecting on my day. I've been very productive. The PowerPoint presentation for the home buyers workshop is almost finished. It's at the point where I have to step away, sleep on it overnight and look at it with fresh eyes tomorrow. I had lunch with Robert today. It's amazing how his mobile phone rings constantly. It's amazing to watch him in action as he speaks to someone for a few moments and then skillfully rearranges them to a later telephone conversation that may or may not happen. It gives the appearance of productivity, which is best viewed through fun house-mirror eyes. The perception is exagerated and out of proportion. Still, he is closing two loans this month. Robert is a fantastic people person, but I could never act the way he does. It would come across as cheesey. He is one of those rare, authentically cheesey people and he wears it well. The house is open. It's hot and I'm wearing a bluish-grey Polo T-shirt and some jeans. The jeans barely stay on my body. I have lost so much weight over the past three months, which is good. I look good, but I'm still dismayed at the remainder of body fat still firmly bubblewrapped around my awesome abs. How much running and jumping rope will this require. Wouldn't be great if there was a little device that could tell you that? I wasn't meeting with clients today and dressed comfortable to slay the PowerPoint dragon that has been haunting me. I'm tooling through my mind on a tiny motorcyle looking for new avenues of marketing and lead generation that I have not been down before. There must be some other stone I have not overturned. The lead from last week has not returned my phone calls. Things happen for a reason. I've spent about a month putting systems into place that should begin producing leads and customers. Money is not a problem at the moment. I find myself eager to find some clients to work with. I'm ready to work my magic so to speak. However, when I'm slightly distracted, I catch a glimpse of a hopeful feeling in my emotional-intuitive vision that seems to say something good is going to happen next week. However, when I try to turn and look at this feeling more closely, it's gone. All that remains is a ghostly knowing. I feel it is somehow tied to my shift in attitude about prayer. I didn't pray for anything last night or this morning.

 RANDOM BRAIN PURGE I'm happy to report that I seem to have moved beyond the black cloud that had settled upon me last week. I'm now beginning to pick up where I left off. If I owe you an e-mail, please be patient. I have a lot of deadlines this week and I will get back with you as soon as I meet those. It was a little hard to concentrate yesterday morning, but by 1:11pm, I moved into hyper drive and seemed to finally have a break through with my Powerpoint presentation. I'll finish that up this morning. I went to the gym yesterday evening. There was a new guy there who was certainly inspirational. I think he was attractive. Ironic as it sounds, I really don't pay attention to guys in that way at the gym. I go to work out, do it and then leave. Anyway, he was about my body type, maybe a little bigger frame and gave me a good idea of the direction I'm heading. I've gained a lot of strength over the past few months and I'm lifting more weight now than I ever have. I should really begin using some protein powder. The interesting thing to note is that I seemed to have made more progress this time by just showing up and working out and not really having any goals to bulk up and have the perfect body. I think there may be some wisdom there. I'll continue to meditate on that and get back with you. I read my chapter this week in The Quest For Prayer , which is a book we're studying at church. I'm actually getting ahead because they are taking more time with the old book. As I was reading last night, I had the feeling that I really needed to be reading this book at just this moment. I've always been confused about what prayer really should be. In the chapter, the argument is made that we don't really pray to "get things," we pray to experience God. There explanation is somewhat like meditation. The authors, Mary-Alice & Richard Jafolla, state that there are three phases to prayer: surrender; stillness and letting God. It is through this practice that people and situations change, not because we have asked God to change them, but because we are ourselves have been changed. The proof that prayer works is that we are exhibiting loving kindness. Interesting! So this morning I experienced the stillness and it was very powerful for me. Then I opened my e-mail and had a big fat opportunity to bestow loving kindness upon someone I am experiencing frustration with on the volunteer front. I think I did pretty well. No blood was shed. Jeff and I tested the shower upstairs and the leak into the den seems to be fixed. We'll patch the hole up this weekend. Some friends of Jeff are tentatively scheduled to visit in about two weeks. As I look around the house with holes in the ceiling and boxes of books everywhere and my desk in the center of the den, I can only throw my head back and laugh like those little kids on the Peanuts cartoon specials. It will come together. One of my clients just called. The closing that was scheduled for today has been postponed due to a stop work order from the city. Evidently there is a septic tank issue. I threw my head back and laughed again. I'm glad I don't live paycheck to paycheck because this loan probably won't close for another few weeks. Come to think of it, this is the loan that my boss encouraged me to use a 15-day lock on. I should have used a 60-day lock. In other news, I was able to borrow the photographs again from my neighbor that I had previously scanned and were lost in the hard drive fiasco. I scanned about half last night and I should be able to get everything together for this year's historic calendar. I went to bed early last night, about 11:18pm for me. The windows were open and I could hear a dog barking in the distance. The sheets were cool and soft and I leaned back against my favorite, fluffy pillow and began reading Steve Martin's Shopgirl . He is such a fantastic writer. I so want to be him. Here's a little spook fact for you. Steve Martin lived in Waco, Texas and I lived in Waco, Texas, but not at the same time. Weird, huh? I've got a big day ahead of me. Robert is coming down around 1:00pm and we are going to work on the presentation for the home buyers workshop. Tomorrow is a meeting with a business networking group that has a mortgage seat open. I will vy for it along with a few others. We'll see how it goes. I need to review my short story and book review for tomorrow's writers group meeting here at the house and go to the neighborhood association meeting tonight. Somwhere in there, I'm going to jump rope or run. It's going to be a Golden Grahams day!

 FOR LENNOX LOVERS From the urlLink Remember The Eighties Web site: ANNIE LENNOX will release a 'Best of' album in October this year. The album is expected to feature three brand new songs as well as a DVD disc of videos, performances and behind the scenes footage. Former EURYTHMICS singer Lennox will also be the subject of a BBC TV documentary set to air at the same time as the album release.

 ETYMOLOGY OF ETHNITICITY I was taking my apple break a few minutes ago and it occured to me that the names we have for different ethniticies are all wrong. Not many of them sound flattering. I mean, caucasian. It sounds like some form of treatment for venereal disease. Negroid sounds like a second-hand monster that wasn't tall enough to attack Tokyo Hispanic sound likes like a term for a spasm that occurs when you realize there is a spider crawling up your body and you hispanic. I've never been fond of the sound of the word Jew and that may be partly due to all the anti-semetic movies I've seen where it was said with such hatred. On the other hand, I am partial to Pacific-Islander and Eskimo. Asian sounds mysterious, but sounds like it could be funk'd up a bit. So what words would I substitute? At present, I'm partial to Whack'ds for caucasians although I'm not sure why. It's just fun to say I guess. I'm still working on the the others. Any ideas?

 SNIFF! SNIFF! I'm sitting her finishing up my first time home buyers workshop Powerpoint presentation at a painfully slow rate. It's not hard, I'm just easily distracted, but my mood has changed for the better. Every once in a while, I smell something. I'm beginning to think it's me. It's not a bad smell, per se, it just doesn't smell so fresh. I wore this jeans once before, but not for long. The shirt came out of the upstairs closet where it had been placed for the winter. I did shower this morning and applied all the nice smelly substances. I hate it when I have that not-so-fresh feeling.

 PERFECT PITCH I was beginning to give up on finishing my entry into the Perfect Pitch contest. Things kept happening that seemed to point toward just letting it go or losing my sanity. However, I just decided to let it go with the intention that if it was meant to be, I would receive a sign. I then focused on the problems at hand. Friday night, I went with Jeff to visit a thrift store and a used book store. He finds great books at great prices for his book store at thrift stores. In fact, I found two James Bond collections there. He also likes to visit used book stores to see what works and doesn't works to give him ideas for his own store. So we visit this used book store in Decatur and we're walking down the aisle and I see a copy of Writing Treatments That Sell by Kenneth Atchity and Chi-li Wong. It was standing upright on a shelf by its lonesome with the front cover facing outward toward the aisle. There was a light from above shining directly down on it and I think I might have heard a chorus of angels. This was a book that I had read about in several places on the Internet as I was doing my research on writing treatments. I got the message so I picked it up and bought it. Then I worried about the time it would take to read the book, but in fact, the portions I needed to read were in three chapters that I was able to read in one afternoon. It helped me focus my story and gave me a few tools that helped me create a more exciting hook at the beginning and I have a much clearer idea of how to go back revise the treatment and get cracking on the first ten pages of the script. They are due by Friday at 5:00pm. If selected, I'll need to submit a completed screenplay by May 15th. As crazy as it sounds, I think I can make it happen. It feels so good not to feel weighted down by that funk anymore.

 HOW ARE FRIENDS SEE US I overcame the last part of the week and the weekend, which were unusually rough for me. I'm not usually affected by such things, but I think I understand what the message was from the whole experience and that's not something I can easily put into words to explain to other people. It was interesting to see how some of my friends react when I go through a difficult time. In some ways, my friends no me well and in some ways they do not. It's always interesting to hear the words of encouragement, advice and interpretation of why certain things are happening to me. Many times the interpretations are way off, but I smile because I know they mean well. Still, if I were to die and people were interviewed about who I was, I wonder how accurate the interpretations would be. I guess everyone I know is purely my interpretation fo who they are and is not necessarily pure. Makes you think.

 SMALL STEPS TODAY I woke up this morning feeling much better about things. In meditation, the message I received was to take a step back and take care of myself a little differently and it's changed my goals some what. In fact, I'm setting less goals this week. I'd rather achieve a few things and then tackle a few more if I have time, but I was setting too many for right now and that was adding stress to my life. I had to set some priorities for this week. This week is about staying in the moment no matter what the appearance is in the outside world. My goals are a little more spiritual/internal in focus than worlld/external focused. It doesn't make sense to my intellect, but it makes sense to my gut and when I follow my gut, things usually work better.

 GYM DELIM I went to work out at the gym on Saturday morning. They have a new girl working the front desk. She has red hair and she always smiles at me and I smile back. I've always wondered what they do up there. I like to think that she sometimes checks on the guys in the showers to make sure they are cleaning behind their ears and knees, but I know that must be illegal. Saturday morning she smiled at me in a real big way. I couldn't help but smile back. As I walked away, I realized that she was flirting with me. She thought I was attractive. Then I kind of got giddy like in the Rudolph puppet special where he jumps around saying, "She thinks I'm cute!" Then I remembered that I'm gay and I have a partner. This has been happening a lot in the last six months. Now, I'm wondering how do I continue to be friendly without encouraging her or making her believe that I find her repuslive? I was telling a friend about my situation. "Just tell her you're a total fag!" "No. There is no reason for me to come out and say, 'Hi, how are you? By the way, did I ever mention I was gay?'" "How 'bout, 'Hey there! Don't ya just love sucking dick?!'?" "I don't think that's going to work. That's just pretty crass and awkward. There has to be some lead in to the topic of my sexuality." "Okay, how 'bout, 'Hi. How ya doin'? What about those Braves last night! Don't ya just love suckin' dick?!'?" "You know, it scares me that you are a respected professional in the Communications field." "Yeah, but you'll get your message across, won't ya?"

 DONUT DRAMA You know that you have been together for awhile when you have little arguments over everything. If I say black, he says white and vice versa. Last night we drove up to the Krispy Kreme Donuts on Ponce De Leon. I'm not a big donut person, but since I did not find tiramisu last night, I wanted something sweet. (Doesn't tiramisu sound like a giant drag queen that should cha cha through downtown Tokyo and battle Godzilla?) I decided a chocolate-frosted cake donut would be perfect. Jeff can always be talked into going to Krispy Kreme . On entering the building, they had a picture of their Donut of the Month , which was a strawberry shortcake donut. I decided I must have one, but alas, there were no strawberry shortcake donuts at the inn. Why would you be out of your Donut of the Month? In fact, there were no chocolate-frosted cake donuts either. I ordered two chocolate-frosted regular donuts. We decided to get half dozen. Jeff ordered two glazed and one jelly-filled. I ordered a caramel-filled donut in addition to the other two. Upon arriving home, I discovered that in place of my chocolate-frosted regular donuts, the guy behind the counter gave me some chocolate-frosted cream-filled donuts. YUCK! I just wanted a feral chicken to fly in the kitchen and peck my eyes out. Could anything possibly go right?! I ate the caramel-filled donut and went to bed. This morning I got up and was going to eat my donuts, which I really shouldn't be eating anyway since I'm on a quest to have a stomach that I can grate cheese on by this summer. Jeff offered to give me one of his glazed donuts after the previous night's donut trauma. I asked him if he wanted one of these chocolate donuts. Jeff didn't answer. He asked me if I wanted a glazed donut again. We went round and round for a few minutes. It reminded me of the Georgia State Legislative session all over again. I eventually decided to eat both of the chocolate donuts since Jeff really likes the glazed donuts and it wasn't his fault they guy gave me the wrong donuts. Then Jeff is put out with me because I didn't eat one of his glazed donuts. I know he meant well and offered me his glazed donut out of love, but I was already feeling out of it as it was and now I just wanted to stick a donut up his butt and spin it on my finger. I took a deep breath and let it go. I looked at him and said, "I appreciate your offer, but I just decided to eat the donuts that the guy gave me. I know how much you enjoy the glazed." Then I brushed my teeth and went to church. Later after lunch, we were sitting around the dining room table reading the Sunday newspaper. He got up and I said, "You know even when everything is blah, thinking about you still brightens my mood." He got up and hugged me and I felt better. If I have learned one thing in six and a half years, it is that you always have to keep working at relationships. Sometimes just saying little things can go a long way. You may not always be on your best behavior, but if your partner knows you're doing the best you can at that moment, they'll usually work with you.

 ACTING OUT This morning I woke up feeling drained. I have no idea why. I got eight hours of sleep last night. I had intended to go to the 9am service, but it was 9:10am when I woke up. I jumped in the shower, grabbed a quick bite for breakfast and headed to the my Quest class. Susan asked where I had been since she had not seen me in a while. Still groggy, I explained that some friends had performed at other churches and I had gone there to watch and support them. I guess she thought I was being defensive because she said she hadn't been there all of the last three Sundays either. I was too out of it to worry about it. We were discussing love and wholeness today. One woman spoke up and said that she had heard someone say recently that when we are born, we are our true selves without any apologies, but as we grow older, we learn how to act like others expect us to be. We behave how others expect us to be. We do what others expect us to do. She said that in every instance where her life has gone awry, she has acted out instead of being true to herself. This intrigued me. We talked about how we are all one and why this is the most difficult commandment that Jesus gave us. I made the comment that we often have problems loving others as Jesus did because we grow up learning that love is a romantic love between a man and a woman. Boys and girls date and base the selection of their spouse upon their personality or the behavior displayed by their ego, but not demonstrative of their essential spiritual nature or soul. However, when we are unable to forgive or love anyone unconditionally, it is usually because we cannot see past the personality of that individual as Jesus did. I then gave two examples of what I have other people say recently. One happened to be from an acquaintance who lamented a co-worker, "If she wasn't such a bitch-on-wheels, I could forgive her." The class laughed, but in a edgey way. I sense they think I'm a morose artsy type. They most likely have me pegged as someone who likes to set things on fire. The blonde woman beside me thought it was funny. I was just trying to make a point. I wasn't trying to be funny. The blonde mentioned that she had been working on loving George W. Bush because he was the closest thing she could find to someone that she could consider an enemy. That intrigued me. Can I forgive George W. Bush? I haven't lost a loved one in Iraq. I then realized how hard it must be for some families right now. In closing, Susan did a summary of our discussion today. When she mentioned forgiving an irritable, romantic partner, she looked in my direction. I believe she thinks that the bitch-on-wheels is my girlfriend. Boy, is she barking up the wrong tree!

 GOT MILK? Saturday was turning out to be a continuation of the latter part of the week. There was a lot to do, but I seemed to be getting very little done. I was taking wet clothes out of the washing machine when Jeff called me outside. I sighed wondering what marvel of nature he desired to share with me. Then became angry at myself for becoming irritated at what he was choosing to share with me from a loving place. So I walked outside onto the front porch and Jeff points down the street to the house on the corner. Our neighbor, Michael, was standing on the front porch with his girlfriend, Rachel, and they were being married in front of a menagerie of friends and neighbors. It totally melted the stress away. Jeff and I sat down on the porch swing and watched. It was interesting from our perspective because the edge of the roof cut off their heads since we are further up on the hill than Michae's house is. We watched the legs and feet throughout the rest of the ceremony. Our nextdoor neighbor, Phil, came out on his porch and asked what was going on. I told him to grab a woman and we could make it a double ceremony. He threw his head back and laughed a laugh that only Phil can laugh. I will write more about Phil at a later time. He's an interesting guy. Shortly after, we heard the minister tell Michael to kiss the bride and the ceremony was over. Jeff laughed that he was glad he had come out front first because he was about to start up the weedeater in the backyard. I told him that since they were probably about to have cake, I was going to walk down there and ask if they had any milk. He smiled at me and I smiled back.

 SUNDAY AFTERNOON There is still a hole in the ceiling above my desk, but we think we fixed the leak, which was coming from around the drain in the upstairs shower. We'll test it later once the silicone has had an adequate amount of time to dry. At present, my desk sits in the center of the room. Everything is back in order for the most part. The printer is connected, although I haven't hooked the fax back up. I think I'll save that for tomorrow. I finally took the PC into Best Buy and had them work their magic on the soundcard and the second hard drive. Unfortunately, I lost everything on the second hard drive, but it's accessible again and now I have sound. I finally got the DVD player working about a month ago. It feels so good to have everything working on the computer for once. I'll catch up with blogging later. I've had a ton of ideas going through my head, but I've been overwhelmed by a lack of energy and general malaise. I think I'm processing something. It's akin to Depression Lite. "It tastes just like depression, but with only half the calories!" It's not a bad thing. Our feelings are thoughts in motion in the body and they want to be heard. Hence, I'm just taking care of myself today and doing what I feel led to do. I may actually watch TV in a few minutes since the Divas Las Vegas is coming on VH1. Supposedly, Kylie has rejoined the show again. If nothing else, Debbie Harry will be performing and that's enough for me.

 JASON CONFESSES I looked him in the eye with no expression. "Say it." "No," he replied with a slight quiver in his voice. "Say it I say!" "Okay. I like Slow and Red Blooded Woman and the song before Loving Days , but I really don't listen to the rest of the album." The corner of my mouth turned up in a sinister smile as I turned my back to him and walked to the window. I looked at the children playing in the street below and wondered when their youthful innocence would be run over by the great, hulking Chrysler egos of their former pop stars that suddenly want to be taken seriously. Crushed by the weight of a Locomotive. "Everybody's doing a brand new dance now," I slowly sang just loud enough for myself to hear. I turned around quickly, clicking my black boots together with with a Gestapoesque flair. "And why is that, Jason?" "Because she wants credibility." I moved closer. "And why does she want credibility?" "Because she wants to be considered an... an..." I removed my black leather glove and slung it back over my head as if to strike him across his cheek. "Spit it out you cowardly fool!" "AN ARTIST! Kylie wants to be an artist!" He crumbled to the floor in deep sobs and I lowered my hand to my side. I hadn't wanted to do this, but Jason must understand. We can't let our pop stars grow and expand and try new things. They're best when they keep doing what they do best and what we fans like over and over and over for eternity. I can read her Body Language , Jason, and it's not pretty. It's no good. It's not Fever . It's not even Light Years . Get it out of your head." I crossed to the door and with my back still to him I said, "You're free to go now." He still continued to sob quietly. I couldn't leave him like this. I reached into my coat pocket and threw the gold hot pants over my shoulder. The crying stopped at once and I heard the sound of mice scurrying across the floor to a random morsel unexpectantly dropped to the floor. I didn't have to turn around to know that he was joyously lost in rubbing the gold lame all over his faces, his eyes closed. He was pathetic, but how could I deny him that one last pleasure to hold onto?

 DINNER WITH JASON So Jason says to me, "I hear that we're getting Die Another Day , Like A Virgin and Live To Tell ." His hands are antimated as he sheds the paper skin of the straw and places it in his lemonade, which has ominously come to the table in a stainless steel tumbler. It's as if the contents are radioactive and will burn through an ordinary glass. "I don't feel like we're going to get anything else from American Life , which is a shame because I thought it was a great album." "I don't listen to it much." "Why?! It's some of her best work ever. Of course, I felt the same way about Music ." "I actually liked Music ." "You would. Well the Europeans can't get enough of it, but then again European men wear thongs and cross their legs like fags and it's no big deal. I guess they are more manilier than American men." "I never thought of it in... quite that light." "Still, she has been practicing a rifle and flag routine so we could be surprised." "I like her old stuff. I wish she'd sing Burning Up ." "Too obscure. This is Madonna, not the Eurythmics. I envision that she will sing a Vougue/Deeper And Deeper medley. Of course, their bascially the same song anyway." "Well, I don't know if I would agree with-" "Which night are you going?" "I don't know. Brian is buying the tickets. He's a member of some secret society of Madonna so he got first access or something." "Do I know Brian?" "I don't believe so." "Where does he live?" "In a condo in Midtown and before you ask, I don't have a criminal background check or a blood type to give you." "Hahahahaha! You're such a card!" "And you're almost a full deck." "You're going Saturday night. Everybody is going to be there. It's fantastic because we can all go out dancing afterwards. You know, Sean and Hillery and I are almost in the same spot as we were last time. We're just five rows further back. It's just like the planets falling into allighment with every day that brings us closer to July 26th" "You know, you're the only person I know who can turn a Madonna concert into a vision quest. Herds of buffalo have been hunted, skinned and smoked with less effort." "Well, this isn't about survival, Jef. This is about everything that matters." And with that, he chugged the entire glass of lemonade, slammed it down on the table, threw his scarf back around his neck and let out a high "C", "Aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh!" Dinner with Jason is always interesting.

 GETTING THERE FROM HERE Okay. I just said, "Screw it!" and ripped my work clothes and put on shorts and a T-shirt. I then pulled everything off my desk and have put everything back in place. Somehow the power cord from the Officejet 7110 was pulled out. I swear I haven't been shaking any office equipment like Joan Crawford. Hey, I can type with an Elmer Fudd accent. "Office ekwipmunt!" Ha! Ha! They will be coming to take me away soon. That's okay. I like to travel. Today has pretty much been shot to hell so I may just try to fix the sound card and get the information off the second hard drive. I've needed to do them for awhile. Maybe the universe is just trying to tell me to get it together. The ceiling looks ugly above my desk. Perhaps it will refrain from caving in upon for awhile longer. At least I feel like I have finally accomplished soemthing today.

 WHEN IT RAINS IT POURS... SO WHAT! I could blow off the fact that the black ink cartridge ran out of ink even after we refilled it with the inkjet refill kit last night. I could even deal with not being able to find an image I need for producing this year's Grant Park calendar on the GSU Web site. I could not deal with being unable to find half the pictures I scanned a few weeks ago and discovering that images I just gave back to a lady were actually at 72ppi when I had scanned them at 600ppi. I would have banged my head against the wall, but it really doesn't burn that many calories. I e-mailed Jeff and he called to talk me down and I had to just tell him that I appreciated his effort, but I just needed to be left alone right now. I sat quietly and stared at the monitor. I cannot afford to lose a day to unfortunate circumstances or a bad attitude, but I felt like nothing was going to elevate me out of this hell hole unless Keren and Sarah from Bananarama stopped by to see if I wanted anything from Taco Bell. Eventually, I began moving a finger, then two. Finally, I started moving again. Things happen for a reason. There is always a lesson somewhere. I make the choice whether to continue on or shut down and let me tell you something - JEF DOESN'T SHUT DOWN! Got it? Okay. At that point, the phone rang and it was a potential customer. He had picked up one of my cards on the bulletin board at the gym. Nice guy. He's going through a divorce. Some areas are strong, some are a little challenging, but can be worked around. I'm doing some research and he's going to gather documents. We'll meet on Monday. Most of all, my marketing efforts of the last month are beginning to show results. It's a little glimmer of hope on a dark day. I think I can actually go get a new ink cartridge and some lunch now. No funk is going to get the best of me!

 ONE OF THOSE DAYS AGAIN Today I woke up and just getting out of bed seemed to be a chore. What's up with that? I feel a bit overwhelmed at the moment and I have to cosciously focus on "one step at a time." It doesn't appear that Jeff and I will be going out of town this weekend. The ceiling above my desk is about to fall down from some sort of leak from the shower upstairs. Needless to say,we're showering down stairs now. It appears that the entire weekend will be spent on fixing it. Since we don't know how long it's going to take, we're clearing the whole weekend to work on it. I could get stressed about it, but what good would it do? It's simply an exercise in shifting priorities around. I'm having doubts now about entering the Perfect Pitch contest. I've been focusing on work and there has been some commitment every evening this week. I can put something together still, but I'm wondering if it's feasible. If I'm selected to pitch my script to the panel, I need to have the entire screenplay finished by the second week in May. I could probably do it, but I'm worried about the quality and my state of mind. Plus, there are already so many other things I have to do. For now, there are certain things for work that must be done today. There are some things that I need to work on, but I'm kidding myself if I think they will be finished today. I'm resurrecting my Power Hour . What is the Power Hour you ask? It's where I dedicate exactly one hour to something that I'm working on. I work only that project for an hour. After sixty minutes, I move on to another project for an hour. I have found that it's actually more productive than trying to finish anything in one day. It's my A-TYpe personality that has the conflict. Oh well... everything is a growing experience, aye?

 TWILIGHT ZONE REVISITED I received a very nice note from Rod yesterday evening. It was a happy note. He's dating a nice guy and things are going very well. He confirmed that he is in a much better place than he was the last time I spoke with him. I'm so glad. Perhaps we'll stay in touch this time. I'll reply back to him once things calm down around here a bit. I'm still sort of reeling by the strange twists of events that led me to find his Web site. Ain't life grand?!

 BLOGGER BLUES Somehow both posts that I created last night disappeared into the ethers when I hit Post & Publish last night. As Lisa Lisa always sang, "Que Sarah, que Sarah!"

 AMENDMENT ACCURACY A friend of mine has just sent me an e-mail. urlLink USA Today is running an Internet poll with this question: urlLink "Should the U.S. pass a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage?" Currently 66.9% of participants say yes and 33.1% say no. About a month ago, it was reversed. Feeling curious, I went to the site and voted, hit the Back button and voted again. I laughed. I imagined all of these Christian Coalition stay-at-home mothers hunched over the keyboards and voting "yes" over and over and over with a mad look in their eye. Obviously, this kind of information cannot considered since the results may weigh heavily upon a few and not all who voted.

 INTERESTING ASHCROFT THEORY I have let my Favorites get horribly out of hand as I have just been hitting click to save them in no organized fashion. As I was sifting through them and cleaning them out tonight, I came across urlLink Gay Porn Blog . Naturally, these words catch my eye because I own no porn whatsoever and couldn't even tell you the name of a current porn star if I tried. Knowing that there must have been a reason why I saved this link, I clicked over to have a sticky beak (Australian slang for having a look around.) This is what I find: Titan's Bareback Policy Oh boy, here we go! Let the games begin. Titan Media has released, what I believe is, the first public anti-barebacking policy statement ever made by a gay porn studio. (Click MORE to read the original statement and their later clarification statement.) I would never have thought that such a statement would cause a controversy, but it has. Mark Adams, of Vidio View, has begun posting responses from individuals in the industry. There are some very compelling arguements made by three studios that produce barebacking videos, but I urge you to read all the statements and come to your own conclusions. Here are the arguements in a nutshell: ANTI-BAREBACKING -people learn by example. It's better to teach safe sex rather than unsafe sex practices. -barebacking studios are exploiting the issue merely to make money. PRO-BAREBACKING -it's a pro-choice issue, just like abortion. People should have the right to choose. -the rise is AIDS cases is primarily due to lack of judgement caused by drug abuse. Each side points out hypocrisy whether it's employment discrimination based on behavior, selling pre-condom vintage movies, knowingly partnering HIV positive models with HIV negative models in supposedly "safe" scenes, and not requiring testing. I think it's time for the industry to hold a conference on the issue and meeting each other face to face to come up with some industry-wide policies and practices. Barebacking producers are not going away, and neither are the thousands of videos produced before the age of enlightenment. Rumblings around the industry are that Ashcroft is going to be coming after the porn industry and they are going to hit us from an angle OTHER than Freedom of Speech. The new threats to the industry will be in the form of regulating it to death. Health and safety of employees and consumers will be one of the ways that government at local, state and national levels will be make it economically unfeasible to run a business in the adult industry. The industry needs to put aside it's petty differences and develop a united front to prepare for the upcoming war to systematically discourage legitimate businesses from making a living producing adult material. Who's ready to set up a summit meeting of gay porn producers with health professionals, lawyers, lobbyists, legislators and spin doctors? I have to admit that the whole barebacking scene disturbs me. When I came out in the mid 80's, there three pages of obituaries in each issue of This Week In Texas (TWIT) , a now defunct gay periodical. With the exception of my first boyfriend, who I know had never been with anyone else, I've always had safe sex. It's ingrained in me and it's non-negotiable. Now, I have friends who are in monogamous relationships, that have been tested and have unprotected sex. That is based upon a level of trust that has been built over time, not someone they just met at a party. I'm just astounded that anyone would jeopardize infection themself or anyone else when it's not necessary. However, it's fascinating to see how barebacking has become so common place in gay culture. Furthermore, I find Gay Porn Blog's prediction of the porn industry being the next target of Ashcroft very interesting. It would be a nice diversion to go after all those homosexuals who want to screw one another without condoms and give everyone aids. What a wonderful way to propagate fear and hate. I'm not saying that I agree with this theory, but it's interesting none the less. Furthermore, at what point does gay culture begin censoring its behavior to be more acceptable to the main stream? Does it need to settle down and be respectable or should it fight fiercely for its right to be spontaneous in sexual freedom? I don't have the answer.

 ONE OF THOSE LITTLE TWILIGHT ZONE MOMENTS I have a tale to tell. I'm still a bit amazed by it, in fact. I never cease to be amazed at how life can be stranger than fiction sometimes. Let me explain. Back in 1997, I first started surfing the Internet and I found the Bananarama Mailing List. Yes, I was not alone. There were other people out there who were just as fixated upon Keren, Sarah, Siobhan, and yes, even Jacquie, as I was. It was sort of like finding out that other people like to dress up as fuzzy animals and have sex too. Anyway, I signed up and began finding out there were remixes I didn't know about and that the guy who started it all lived about two blocks away from where I had just moved from in Dallas and I never even met him. One day I came in contact with Rod and we found that we also shared a love for other artists produced by Stock/Aitken/Waterman. We both liked Rick Astley, Dead Or Alive, Kylie Minogue, Brother Beyond, Jason Donovan, Sabrina, Mel & Kim, Hazell Dean, Pat & Mick, Big Fun, Sonia, Lonnie Gordon, Donna Summer, etc. Somehow we discovered that we both shared the same birthday as well, September 13th. I think I'm actually a year older. There was another fan who lived in Atlanta, Richard, and somehow we discovered that he had the same birthday too. Soon after, Rod came down to Atlanta to visit friends and he, Richard and I went to Agnes & Muriels for lunch. We celebrated a belated birthday and came back to my apartment to watch Bananarama videos and listen to rare DJ only remixes. (I cannot believe how incredibly geeky and sordid this sounds. However, as my friend, Adam says, "Keep it real.") So we spent an afternoon enjoying our favorite girl group in the world. Rod and I kept in touch by phone a few times and he came back a few more times to town and I went out with him and his friends. Eventually, he reached a point in his life where he needed take a respite from other people and his life at the time. I spoke to him one more time a few months later. He sounded a bit distant, but he believed he was doing the right thing he needed to do at the time and my gut said let him be. About a year or so later, I received an e-mail from him and we swapped a few e-mails for a week or so. Another year went by and I thought of him and sent him an e-mail. It came back undeliverable. His e-mail address was no longer valid. I worried for a second that something bad might have happened, but felt in my heart that he was okay. Four years later, I'm performing one of my frequent exorcisms in my bedroom, which consists of going through the stuff I have accumulated and weeding things out. I found one of my Kylie Greatest Remixes CD's and popped it in the CD player while I worked. Rod was a huge Kylie fan and I received the CDs about the time I met him. I thought about him and wondered if he was doing okay. A week later, I was continuing the exorcism by going through some boxes. I found some compilation tapes of rare Stock/Aitken/Waterman remixes that I didn't have. I put them in the stereo and listened to them while I was cleaning house. Again, I thought of Rod and wondered if he was doing okay. I thought to myself that I would really like to get hold of him, but had no idea how. I forgot which town he lived in and had no idea what his last name was. Tonight, I received an e-mail from someone whose blog I had left a comment on a month or so ago. I visited his blog and clicked on one of the links on the side of his bar and then clicked on the links on the side of the next blog, etc. I must have dones this five or six times. I chose blogs that just had interesting or funny titles. So I'm reading about this guy's Easter Sunday and I see this thumbnail on the right side of his blog and I realize that one of these teeny tiny guys looks familiar to me. I clicked on the image and it opens up. I thought to myself, "That looks like Rod's friend, Kevin." I dismissed it thinking that I had not seen this guy in years and now some guys who lives on the other coast looks like him. I scroll down the blog some more and find this image of Kevin with a friend named Rod, which talks about Rod visiting from North Carolina. Rod's name was a hyperlink so I clicked on it and I'm taken to this Web site where I know immediately this is the same Rod. I look around his Web site a bit and see that he is in a relationship and doing very well in his career. He looks very well and I smile because I'm relieved that he is okay. Then, I sort of think back to all the events of this past week. First, I think about him just out of the blue for the first time in years. Then I find the mix tapes he made for me in a box a few days later. Finally, through a random set of links, I come across a site with a picture of his best friend and a link to his Web site. I don't mean to imply that it's weird because I think things happen for a reason. What is the reason? I have no idea. Perhaps the purpose is just to let me know that he's doing okay. I sent him an e-mail to let him know I was glad to see that he was doing well. I'm not expecting a response or renewed contact. I received the answer I was looking for. He's doing great and that is good. I should be in bed, but I'm just sitting here jazzed at the way the universe works. At times, things seem to happen like magic. If only I could apply that magic to other areas of my life or help out other people I know. It reminds me of when I had the inexplicable urge to drive to Oaklawn Records and Chris was there. (See the post from April 10th.) So what do y'all think about this?

 EMERGENCY DOWN UNDER Mick at urlLink To Blog Or Not To Blog needs some help and my sound card is not working. See his post below: It's a Musical Mystery! I'm doing this competition at MusicalMystery.com, and I am having trouble guessing the band at the end. I have answered all the questions (took a while), and the band is supposed to be an internationally best selling group. I think they're pommy. If you want to log in and play, you can listen to the musical clues and try and guess it.....help meeee :) If you think you can rise to the challenge, please click on the link and help him out.

 MEANWHILE BACK AT THE RANCH... As I was eating my lunch, I came across urlLink Rancho Noho . It was under my Favorites so I must have collected it on one of my blog safaris. It's the story of Maury, his ex-lover, Patrick, his lesbian mistress and their three-year-old daughter. The site is divided up between the main house and then separate rooms for each of the four people. Interesting design. It's worth a gander.

 MORE DETAILS ON MY DEAD BODY From the urlLink Atlanta Journal Constitution . Police probe death of man on interstate Police have not determined whether the death of a homeless man whose body was found in a center lane of the Downtown Connecter early Monday morning was a suicide, homicide or accident. The body of Keith Hudson, 31, was discovered about 5:15 a.m. on the connector just north of West Peachtree Street. Northbound lanes of the connector were shut down until 7:45 a.m. That's so sad. I wonder what his story is. Everybody has a story. He was somebody's son and possibly someone's brother. I wonder if he had children? I sometimes wonder what our responsibility is to the homeless people of Atlanta. Lord, knows we have plenty and tourists complain about being hounded by them downtown. Many of these people have mental problems that are not severe enough to qualify for the funding to keep them in an institution. After the holidays, we extracted a man who was living in the Christmas tree birm in Grant Park. He had his xylophone and a stack of last year's issues of Creative Loafing . If I was homeless, I would move somewhere tropical where I could sleep on the beach. I'd learn how to play the ukelele so that I could sing Bananarama songs on the street corners and people would toss their change into my spiffy little hat. You never see homeless people dancing in a G-string on a street corner as people put their change into his G-string. I think that would make more money. Of course, it would be difficult in the winter. My friend, Colin, and I used to go to this club called The Wave in Dallas many years ago. We would stand around and talk about other people. There was stripper who danced on a box where we liked to stand. He thought he was really hot and was always trying to get our attention. We ignored him all the more for it. I once suggested that we put a dollar with super glue on it into his G-string, but we figured he probably shaved off all of his body hair and wouldn't mind the feeling of pulling some skin off. I like to think I'm a better person now than I was then.

