 something happy happened that i have to tell u guys!

 Tomorrow is the last day of driver's ed!

 "... nothing pure divine or lovely inhabits these old walls, we scream for you to save us but dont feel you when we fall." that is a quote from a nice poem that i read recently

 Tomorrow my parents are making me drive to Wisconsin, which means I have to drive on the freeway and merge with all the trucks and cars going 65 mph! That will not be good. Well I guess everyone has to have a first time.

 hmm i'd say that my goal would be to........sell almost everything i own. seriously.

 One of my summer goals is not to turn the TV on for more than an hour every day.

 i have a dance recital ! I only have limited tickets so just ya kno bear with me i will call you!

 so this summer we have to have.......hm.....like summer goals. of amazingness.

 wow group blog! so exciting. i was lucky enough to have this webpage load after about 20-30 minutes. our movie/starbucks/funky munky extravagant escapade was superb. i love harry potter. well actually rupert but thats not the point. i'm so incredibly happy that school is over. man now that i have an oppurtunity to blog i cant think of things to say. saturday is the car wash and the despite popular belief/diminished concert! driver's ed is almost over and im happy about that. im afraid of the approaching texas vacation. i won't have contact with anyone for 2 weeks yikes. too much togetherness if you ask me. but my input doesn't count in my family. so i have to go. next year of school will most likely be better. i have a feeling that some of the incoming freshman will try to rebel and overthrow the hierarchy that is jacobs high school. it will be funny. and annoying. i think we need to go to an ashby furlough concert very soon because i miss them. well thats all from me for now, who knows when i shall post again. adios

 What's going on everyone? Driver's Ed was super boring.

 summer is here.......the first day unfortunately was dreary.

 Katy, we will run at 5 sometime this summer, so get ready!

 Ahh...Harry Potter. What a movie. I love that Rupert.

 Harry D. Jacobs! First of all only idiots name a school after themselves. The end of school is very bittersweet. It is bitter because there are finals that can totally trash your entire grade! What?!? Anyways I am not wasting my summer. I will be behind the wheel! Love is in the air.......NOT! Maybe this year we will run those runs at 5 in the morning haha! WEll I think I need to leave cuz i am wasting my summer!!!!! I am going to try to eat noodles actually cuz my teeth hurt soooo bad! I love you!

 Hey everyone. I'm joining this blog group too. Peace

 ahhh enough posting for me!

 i've decided i like this new blogger page.

 im a little skeptical of this thingy. and i dont like my username-but i am not in a creative mood- so this is what i came up with.

 idk if we're gonna keep this blog up. it's gonna be a group blog eventually.

 im not really sure if im gonna keep this blog up here. it'll be a group blog once we're done.

 ok everyone.......we need to help this blog.&nbsp; everyone!

 every time i see this group blog of ours, a tear runs down my cheek. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; just kidding. but we need to save it.

 HOLA! i am home and so is katy! we are going to save this blog! the mission trip was beyond what i thought it would be. my normal blog is up and running again because i am on my laptop and it is faster than my normal computer. i'm so pleased to be blogging again. it's a good feeling. i'm slightly looking forward to school because i want to see people again and try to make new friends and be a better person this year. looking back at last year, i didn't try to find the good stuff. i just decided everything sucked and there was no way to change it. but i was wrong. so hopefully this year i can be more joyful and cheery even in those early mornings at the bus stop and 1st block. it hurts me to think about it though. sigh i need my copeland CD back from val. Oohh and i may be getting my pictures developed today! and cheryl said she is going to try and have a picture party and i think it would be cool if you all came and checked it out because it was so great. so i will be calling you all in the near future because aside from just having a shindig, i believe that PAPRIKA NACHO DAY IS A-COMING!&nbsp; (note-paprika nacho day was invented by none other than kate kirkish and myself, meghan keyes, and doesn't yet have a set date) But anyways, this holiday will be celebrated by EVERYONE and i mean everyone so expect either me or kate to call you with a date. betsy's and miles's birthdays are coming too and i need to try and get/make them something. i like making presents because it is way more fun and thoughtful but it's hard to think of a good thing. so! i am going to do other things now. adios amigos!

 I thought the blog was looking pretty sad too. I'm being imprisoned in my own house with nothing to do. Maybe I should get a hobby. Any suggestions?

 ha our group blog needs cpr. or extreme lifesaving surgery. because it is seriously dying. SAVE THE BLOG!!!!!!!!

 bowie. i heard this song in recent times. the trailer was great! yay! o:qp is so much fun i am loving it. we are smart. we are going to perform our choreographed dance at homecoming. keep on practicing.

 all im doin is waiting. for dinner, for the vh1 big in 03 awards, but for other things like growing up and driving and getting a new boyfriend and even going to college, getting married, having kids, and dying. it all involves so much waiting, it seems like forever.

 i didnt do anything i cleaned my room painted the living room did my homework watched tv still in my pjs gonna shower bye

 well today was superb. i went to the mall from 10:15 til 3:45 and iot was grand. we ate lunch and i bought the greatest shoes ever ever ever at AE they r plaid clogs and they r like slippers. we found the greatest underwear ever, they were like 2 feet long and size 14. and we found 40 DD bras, it was like a helmet for me. great fun. im tired now but my feet are comfy! in my shoes! haha some undies at kohls were only $.97! very nice. ahh i love my shoes. im so wearing them monday. and like everyday.

 i just love those machines u can talk to. u can say all sorts of things and its always funny.

 Califrniadrmin21 [1:22 PM]: how did u get so fat ? SantaClaus [1:22 PM]: It's not all fat. I'm pretty big-boned, if you know what I mean. ;-) Califrniadrmin21 [1:22 PM]: umm SantaClaus [1:22 PM]: Excuse me? Califrniadrmin21 [1:22 PM]: no SantaClaus [1:22 PM]: The elves and I are just asking so that we can better understand what you're saying, that's all. Califrniadrmin21 [1:22 PM]: okay then SantaClaus [1:22 PM]: You got it! That's great! Califrniadrmin21 [1:22 PM]: I am confused by u SantaClaus [1:22 PM]: Mm hm. Califrniadrmin21 [1:23 PM]: so whats ur favorite movie? SantaClaus [1:23 PM]: Oh, I cannot pick a favorite. ;-) Califrniadrmin21 [1:23 PM]: whats ur favorite reindeer? SantaClaus [1:23 PM]: Santa doesn't play favorites when it comes to the reindeer. I love them all equally. ;-) Califrniadrmin21 [1:23 PM]: its rudolph isnt it SantaClaus [1:23 PM]: All the reindeer are doing fine. They're very excited! :-) Califrniadrmin21 [1:23 PM]: I knew it SantaClaus [1:23 PM]: Oh, Dear. It's the elves again isn't it? Try typing "To Do"; I've got a plan to get you in the Christmas spirit. Califrniadrmin21 [1:23 PM]: What about the reindeer? SantaClaus [1:23 PM]: Hmm... What, what? Califrniadrmin21 [1:23 PM]: How could u just forget them SantaClaus [1:23 PM]: Oh dear, how should I know? Califrniadrmin21 [1:24 PM]: u always r thinkin of urself, santa SantaClaus [1:24 PM]: Well you could try putting your finger on the side of your nose -- but it took me 400 years of practice. ;-) Califrniadrmin21 [1:24 PM]: what are you talking about? trying to change the subject eh? SantaClaus [1:24 PM]: Oh dear, I am Father Christmas. You really don't remember me? Califrniadrmin21 [1:24 PM]: Um Yeah i know who you are SantaClaus [1:24 PM]: You are the same child you were when I first visited you. Same spirit inside. Califrniadrmin21 [1:24 PM]: Sure.. SantaClaus [1:24 PM]: Without a doubt. Califrniadrmin21 [1:24 PM]: yeah so anyways back to my life SantaClaus [1:24 PM]: Yes. Califrniadrmin21 [1:24 PM]: do u like me? SantaClaus [1:24 PM]: It depends if Christmas is coming or not. ;-) Califrniadrmin21 [1:25 PM]: What ? that doesnt make sense SantaClaus [1:25 PM]: What, indeed! Califrniadrmin21 [1:25 PM]: um no' SantaClaus [1:25 PM]: Alright now. I'm here to spread Christmas cheer -- so use this time wisely and type carefully. ;-) Here's quick way to get in the Christmas spirit; type, "To Do". Califrniadrmin21 [1:25 PM]: i dont think so SantaClaus [1:25 PM]: Well, we won't get very far with this conversation then will we?

 i love edward scissorhands ! seriously its the greatest movie ever, but its just so incredibly sad. edward is so sweet i love him. and then the grandma telling the story and its her and its snowing and it just gets me every time. so sad

 eh thanksgiving isnt much fun if u think about..its too much family time and i always feel sick after i eat but im expected to be happy and wonderful for every1 and i feel like sleeping..... tryptophan i tell u. so my brother got a bass guitar and i got $50. so i asked for an electric guitar cuz i already have an acoustic. i could play my dads, which is what i do know, but its his and expensive and he thinks i might break it or something. which is likely. so i will hopefully have an electric guitar for christmas! yay! and it will hopefully be a good one. oh well if it isnt i guess.

 hi happy thanksgiving.. nothing to say ... ciao

 okay last night that was like me on coffee and sleep-deprived so i was a little uhh wack. but not wiggedy wack, just regular kind. tonight is church and pie fest which is basically me eating alot of pie and then feeling sick till thanksgiving meal and then eating too much again feeling sick and then sleeping alot cuz of that darned tryptophan or w/e it is. we dissected the frogs!!! it was the coolest thing i have ever ever ever seen. it made me wanna be a surgeon it was so awesome. im takin bio II so i can do the cat. hah fun

 okay just for a second think about this- first think about how much corn is in algonquin then think about how much is cut down then think about an angry spirit living in each individual stalk kinda scary huh

 "the ancient Egyptian farmers believed that when they harvested their corn, they should weep and be grief-stricken. This was to deceive the spirit which they believed lived in the corn. They feared the spirit would become angry when the farmers cut down the corn in which they lived." http://www.holidays.net/thanksgiving/story.htm

 the talon was sad today. it just wasnt as good as usual. miles didnt really criticize any1 and the other articles were reeeally repetitive. and pretty boring. theres too many sports articles. and PT was in there like twice and i hate PT so it was gross. (pt meaning pierre thorsen) jeff meyer said funny things about tracy today, it was interesting hearing some1 who actually went to her school talk about her and tell how she acted and stuff. cuz i dont really know many people that do go to her school. i just know a few girls who uh dont like her much and now jeff. its just different.

 ahhhhh i have to go to harrys band concert tonight eww im grossed out. i feel bad for him. i dont think he has many friends. ha he brings it on himself though..hes really quite rude to his friends if u ask me. but no1 asked me ..

 okay hi sry its taken awhile. its just that nothing really happens that i wanna put up here. so then i dont and then i feel bad cuz its been so long.

 my feelings about thanksgiving and christmas are down there. if u agree IM me Califrniadrmin21 if u disagree IM me Califrniadrmin21

 DancinK918 [2:11 PM]: well i am doing my term paper ugh! :( Califrniadrmin21 [2:11 PM]: ic ic DancinK918 [2:11 PM]: and listtening to my 5th x-mas cd today DancinK918 [2:11 PM]: :-D Califrniadrmin21 [2:11 PM]: its not even thanksgiving Califrniadrmin21 [2:11 PM]: thats not right DancinK918 [2:12 PM]: i LOVE CHRISTMAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Califrniadrmin21 [2:12 PM]: i like christmas but ur forgetting thanksgiving Califrniadrmin21 [2:12 PM]: i support thanksgiving DancinK918 [2:12 PM]: lol thanksgiveing is okay...but it is like nothing compared to christmas Califrniadrmin21 [2:13 PM]: every1 jsut skips it and starts the christmas celebration as soon as halloween is over Califrniadrmin21 [2:13 PM]: it makes me sad DancinK918 [2:14 PM]: oic well they shouldn't skip it but it is more exciting to think about christmas dont u agree? Califrniadrmin21 [2:14 PM]: no\ Califrniadrmin21 [2:14 PM]: i dont start christmas stuff til the day after thanksgiving DancinK918 [2:16 PM]: lol that is like the best day of the year DancinK918 is away at 2:16 PM Califrniadrmin21 [2:17 PM]: not to me Auto response from DancinK918 [2:17 PM]: Hey I am getting another chrsitmas cd brb DancinK918 returned at 2:20 PM DancinK918 [2:20 PM]: y not? DancinK918 [2:21 PM]: y dont u like it? Califrniadrmin21 [2:22 PM]: i like christmas. i dont like when people skip thanksgiving decorating just because christmas is a month away. Califrniadrmin21 [2:23 PM]: or people who already put up their christmas lights adn then turn them on Califrniadrmin21 [2:25 PM]: those poor pilgrims r ignored only because some children want presents DancinK918 [2:25 PM]: lol well i dont think they are ignored i mean my house is decorated for thanksgivieng not christmas DancinK918 [2:25 PM]: i just dind't like the thanksgivning icons online Califrniadrmin21 [2:25 PM]: oic DancinK918 [2:26 PM]: yes o yes DancinK918 is away at 2:26 PM Califrniadrmin21 [2:29 PM]: its really annoying too when u go to the mall and they have to play the music and santa is set up and the decorations r up and they r already having christmas sales and makin u feel like u need to shop for christmas and be done now Auto response from DancinK918 [2:29 PM]: I am doing my term paper

 and a week from thursday im gettin bangs and highlights and a haircut...

 and now i have to babysit

 i didnt burn my board because i wasnt allowed to. friday i went to noodles and funky munky ( i bought the coolest ring ever) and starbucks with meghan and katy and then those 2 and betsy came over and we played disney trivia and i showed em my yoga moves and we looked at colin farrell. then katy changed the disney game and we all lost our voices and then watched that 70s show and they went home. today i slept in and went ot the mall with my mom for christmas lists and i think im getting alot of good stuff. i know for sure i got a rolling stones shirt. omg i asked for the best pjs ever..they r led zeppelin and they have a shirt that says "led zeppelin"and has some little pictures inside them and then has little shorts with the pictures on them. they r wonderful and awesome. i got a skirt to wear on christmas that is really cute, its pink then it has a sheer black lacey thing over it. yeah.

 okay aside from the fact im a total nerd (see yesterdays entries) life is boring. i had to present my science fair board and every single time i have to present something by myself, for some reason i turn bright red. i hate it with a passion but i do and i cant do anything about. then everyone feels the need to tell me. even though i know. I HAVE SCIENCE FAIR TONIGHT AND I HAAAAAAATE IT WITH A PASSION AND I WANT IT TO DIE. IM BURNING MY BOARD AND PAPER AS SOON AS I GET HOME NO QUESTIONS ASKED. THERE IS NO WAY IM GOIN ON ANYWHERE, I DONT CARE IF ITS NATIONALS! sigh. just had to get that out.

 haha i dont make sense again

 but then sleep again

 well maybe on like christmas and my birthday and the day i can drive....

 i wanna go to sleep and never wake up again.

 church is not as fun. some people leave me out alot and its sad. they can get annoying very fast. i mean i like the people and i dont know if they do it purposely but they dont talk to me sometimes and dont tell me what is going on. and then i just sit there and think. i suppose its good for me, it just isnt nice. sigh. i have homework that i must be doing so ~ciao~

 just a thought- if life were like the sims....... i would be the happiest person u ever met. my love would be in love with me, we would have happy little children. any1 i didnt like would be put into a swimming pool to meet their death. you could bargain with the grim reaper. fires are the most common cause of death. you never have to drive anywhere. you can be any job you want regardless of college. NO HOMEWORK. to get promoted all u have to do is work out a little and read a few books. ----you would never ever grow old.----- just a thought.

 wow im terrible at this. im tryin to study for history while talkin to people and its hard. i hate history. alot. ah. im bored. im playin the sims too. its all just so much fun.... I HAVE NOTHING MORE TO SAY

 okay it wouldnt work last night, so im posting now instead. the movie was fine, i just felt like i shouldnt have been there cuz tracy and eddie were sorta together i guess. but that movie was hilariously funny. haha that doesnt make any sense. my dads birthday party is tonight and i called meghan to see if she wanted to go cuz my dad said i could bring one person and she hasnt called back yet so if she doesnt im callin some1 else or something idk. ciao!

 goin to the movies... it will be grand. sure. i have to go get eddie and tracy in like 15 min and i have nothin to do.! well... um...i guess that is it. ill post b4 i go 2 bed okay ? yeah. YOU KNOW IT

 science fair board is due on monday! yikes! thats what im supposed to be doin now. but ijust hate it sooooo much i cant do it for more than a few minutes at a time. my brother got both of us introuble so i have to finish the board and clean my room b4 i can leave the house but im not goin nowheres till 7:50 to c scary movie 3. i hope its funny. im goin w/ eddie and tracy. it should be a fun time. well idk so i guess i should work.

 i just love that kid

 personally, i really like possums

 betsy and katy and meghan were here and we were lookin at the sims2 and my guitar and then we watched the led zeppelin DVD again...i swear it doesnt matter if ive seen it b4 its just good.

 onkeyboy11589 [10:25 PM]: everyone base there opinions on eachother monkeyboy11589 [10:25 PM]: and i cant stand it Califrniadrmin21 [10:25 PM]: that sucks Califrniadrmin21 [10:26 PM]: our school u just do whatever u want and no1 else really cares Califrniadrmin21 [10:26 PM]: high school is way better than middle school Califrniadrmin21 [10:26 PM]: its really different monkeyboy11589 [10:26 PM]: i do whatevre i want monkeyboy11589 [10:26 PM]: and dont care what other people think Califrniadrmin21 [10:26 PM]: that is so cool

 PLAY ROLLERBALL LoVe~MeGhAn

 haha i just said golly gee whiz

 golly gee whiz my dad is way older than i thought

 hey hey back from school and tired. its my dads birthday today. hes fifty. im waitin for betsy or meghan or katy to call me about tonight............ so yeah. theres gonna be a "fight" tonight between WELL some1 A and some1 B. A told C that A didnt want B at a party and C said okay i wont invite B. but then C decided to invite B anyways and told B that A didnt want B at the party. so then B said to me that B wants to beat the shtt outta A. and tonights the party! yep. and im not even invited.

 i want a boyfriend

 im back again annnd i dont know what to say because there is nothing to say. isnt life wonderful?

 now my wonderful brother decided to come on the computer. goodbye

 "some people" in my guitar class are mad cuz we r playing chords and scales. they think we should already be playing whole songs. those same people cant read music to save their lives. they dont know what a dotted quarter note gets (count wise) and they cant read the notes on a treble clef. how do they expect to be able to play anything at all if they cant even read music??

 well school was okay again. i was thinkin though, hugs make people happy. yesterday i hugged eddie and tracy and it was happy and today i hugged sam. and its happy. well i was happy till like 3 hours ago when i had to do my pre test and then print out all my science fair. and that made me angry cuz i hate it sooooo much. then my printer wasnt workin and it was really really upsetting and then yeah

 okay well i just took a bite of this kit kat and it was so nasty and stale i think it had anthrax

 whoo im done with that commentary.....even though he will probably give me like 45 out of 50 again without a reason. ANYWAYS church was a-okay. eddie was there but he left again b4 me and tracy could talk to him. i was gonna give him my # cuz i lost his and i kept forgetting anyways. hes a funny kid. so is ryan! i love that kid, hes so sweet. haha he will probly see this too. oh well! if u do call me ryan! oh well. bye

 im watchin the led zeppelin DVD and it is so cool no matter how many times ive seen it...which is like twice. ha

 ahh i hate history commentaries! im supposed to be doing that now but im uhh takin a much needed break. and im really super thirsty but my house has nothing good to drink. water or milk or diet-no flavor-or sugar-or caffeine "soda" i dont consider diet soda a soda cuz it doesnt taste anything like soda is supposed ta taste like. ya know?

 im so stupid

 Yeah so i dont like any1 still and it makes me sad on the inside. even though it really doesnt matter whether or not i like some guy i dont even know. ANYWAYS! i have to go to fAiTh CoMmUnItY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! wahoo! i will get to see tracy and eddie and ryan.. what fun!

 whoooa okay im gonna stop being stupid........ NOW!!

 wow im still hungry

 i am so hyper....i drank a whole can of soda and then i ate 4 tootsie rolls, a packet of m&m minis, a hershey bar, crunch bar, kit kat, "atomic fireball", dum dum sucker, and a blow pop. and it was fun the whoooooooooole time!!!

 well well well here i go once again tryin to make a webpage that no 1 will come to. yes, i do think freshman year is boring. i think all years at school are boring. my vacation in tennessee was interesting. there was alot of oldies music and history museums and.....yeah it got boring fast.

 i got my pictures...... they r so hot. in one joel is makin a funny face and im laughing. i got action shots of the guys and i just have to say they r H O T!! okay enough of that.. i went to the mall with my mom to take christmas stuff back and i got a led zeppelin tshirt, a billabong tshirt, 2 pairs of pants, one jeans and one khacki ish. i think i got other stuff but i cant remember. im going to find my l.z. cd set that i got and listen to it now. jons CD is so good. its amazing he has that talent..i know i keep saying it but it is so true.

 i want my pictures. so that i look at them. they are just so hot.

 i will find a way..

 i have just been feeling... very sad. i know why and it isnt anything serious. i feel like everything is over. done. nothing left to do or look forward to. christmas and timber-lee were my thoughts for the past month. i want to see jon andy joel and joe again. and talk to them. now what? nothing i tell you. i must find something.

 i do not understand how people can live without God in their life. He is so incredible. He gives a point to life, something to live for. without it, whats the point? how can people who dont believe get along in life? they have no one to trust, talk to, or just know they love them. seems sad to me.

 im listening to jons CD, its so good he is amazing

 this weekend has been one of the best of my life. i went to timber-lee for a weekend camp (winter xtreme) i go every year. the band urlLink Ashby Furlough was so hot i could not stand it. honestly, they were so nice and sweet. we were going to play broomball with them but the counselors/referees wouldnt let them so instead they were our fans. they were very hot. i took some pictures and really want them developed but my mom isnt home. then there was the culprit and the culprits and jeremiah and his story and karaoke and everything just feels so wonderful and right..its sad though. i dont know when i will see them again.

 christmas is already over. its sad to think about. a list of things- clothes. alot of clothes. all kinds of clothes. im not typing all of them. pirates of the carribean seabiscuit sims makin magic pea coat two different sets of gloves hats scarves long johns! candy (good stuff) orbit gum peace sign necklace and a guitar necklace shimmery powder stuff lip gloss purse i dont know what else. and what i wanted that i didnt get that u could buy me for my birthday- ipod electric guitar scooter/moped (my brother who is younger than me got one but i didnt. insanely unfair. im the one that will need something to get to school on! not some 7th grader!)

 i want to quit. is that possible?

 this day has been too long too boring and just plain old stupid. i have nothing to do so i either go online (or play some computer game), think, watch tv or eat. i just sit thinking about christmas and happiness. because right now i have absolutely nothing better to do. i realized i had a fun game though. i forgot i had it and its addictive. its called pharaoh. its exactly like age of empires except it is all egyptian. eh. oh well. im goin to sleep in till 12 again.

 the party was fun. except for that weesing video. that was lame. but we watched a charlie brown christmas! i like that movie. i got presents and i like all of them alot. i went christmas shopping today. it wasnt really fun. then i made cookies. which i dont really like doing because it makes me mad. and they are pretty retarded looking. oh well! my family thinks they r so cute or something. i think they are boring. im so excited.....

 i have to finish my presents now.

 i got christmas presents for my friends just a bit ago... i saw lord of the rings. it was in credibly good. better than i thought. im just glad i didnt start bawling my eyes out. it was terribly sad i almost did.... but im going to see it again. i just dont know when.

 ugh i hate when i sound so perky and upbeat. its annoying.

 im goin to timberlee on the 27th and im so excited i cant stand it!!!!!

 im so happy though! there isnt school until 2 weeks!

 christmas is happy except sad.

 i care too much about the things that dont matter..

 miles is awesome.

 Califrniadrmin21 [3:55 PM]: hi RebelOnCaffeine [3:55 PM]: heyyy who is this again? Califrniadrmin21 [3:55 PM]: meghan RebelOnCaffeine [3:55 PM]: ah okay Califrniadrmin21 [3:56 PM]: yeah RebelOnCaffeine [3:56 PM]: ha I guess I'm too popular to keep screen names with faces Califrniadrmin21 [3:56 PM]: haha seems like it Califrniadrmin21 [3:57 PM]: do u like christmas RebelOnCaffeine [3:58 PM]: um RebelOnCaffeine [3:58 PM]: ha RebelOnCaffeine [3:58 PM]: yeah it's okay Califrniadrmin21 [3:58 PM]: thats good RebelOnCaffeine [3:58 PM]: I wish we could all find real reasons to be happy sometimes though RebelOnCaffeine [3:58 PM]: instead of pretending Califrniadrmin21 [3:58 PM]: yeah Califrniadrmin21 [3:58 PM]: thats true RebelOnCaffeine [3:58 PM]: or being temporarily happen because we got new material things RebelOnCaffeine [3:58 PM]: I wish I could be happy with what I already have RebelOnCaffeine [3:58 PM]: I always want more Califrniadrmin21 [3:58 PM]: me 2 Califrniadrmin21 [3:58 PM]: i hate that feeling Califrniadrmin21 [3:59 PM]: every1 always says just be thankful for what u have but then i feel bad because i always want to have something...its hard

 this week has dragged on forever. i want it to end and give me peace. im goin crazy!!

 tOdAy involved boringness. i woke up at 6:50 so i missed the bus. but hey its all good i saw miles in his super cool gremlin driving.. i got accidently stabbed and it hurts. i cannot believe that the senior died in our school...trey funk i think...

 today i didnt do much...i had string ensemble but it was a holiday party so we didnt do anything. it was cool. a bunch of people were trying out for the play. my mom wanted me to. i didnt though.

 that was last night. miles is really cool.

 Califrniadrmin21 [9:47 PM]: hows ur cool car doin ? RebelOnCaffeine [9:47 PM]: ha RebelOnCaffeine [9:47 PM]: okay Califrniadrmin21 [9:47 PM]: thats great RebelOnCaffeine [9:47 PM]: somebody chipped a little paint off today cause they opened their door and it smacked into my car RebelOnCaffeine [9:47 PM]: but it's okay RebelOnCaffeine [9:47 PM]: it's small and I have touch up paint Califrniadrmin21 [9:47 PM]: thats not very nice of them RebelOnCaffeine [9:48 PM]: it was an accident Califrniadrmin21 [9:48 PM]: oh RebelOnCaffeine [9:48 PM]: the wind caught flung their door Califrniadrmin21 [9:48 PM]: oh ic Califrniadrmin21 [9:48 PM]: i dont think many people would purposely attack ur car Califrniadrmin21 [9:48 PM]: except maybe the football team RebelOnCaffeine [9:49 PM]: or the wrestlers Califrniadrmin21 [9:49 PM]: yeah RebelOnCaffeine [9:49 PM]: if they attack my car I'll just bomb them Califrniadrmin21 [9:49 PM]: haha Califrniadrmin21 [9:51 PM]: have u ever had to do tumbling in gym? RebelOnCaffeine [9:52 PM]: yeah RebelOnCaffeine [9:52 PM]: fun stuff Califrniadrmin21 [9:52 PM]: haha sure Califrniadrmin21 [9:52 PM]: i cant do most of it Califrniadrmin21 [9:55 PM]: well im goin to bed Califrniadrmin21 [9:55 PM]: bye

 i have no life at all. i dont do things i just sit at home and go on the computer. sigh.

 only another week. thats what i keep telling myself. because otherwise i wont make it. NOT LIKE IM SUICIDAL like i hate school. sam said a funny thing today. it was funny. and every1 was tryin to teach me how to do a roundoff today in gym. im pathetic. oh well. i want it to be friday. i saw wonderful band pictures today.....they were very nice. i do not know what else to say. farewell.

 oh yeah and they caught saddam hussein. its a happy day.

 the madrigal dinner was really cool. it was alot different then what i thought it was going to be. it was actually fun. they decorated the commons all pretty like a castle. it wasnt a total waste of a night... then i had to wake up for church though and that was tough. i havent been able to sleep enough yet and it is makin me "crabby", thats what my mom said. but that isnt my problem now is it..

 i hate this weekend. it is one of those i have to do what my family wants cuz its better than what i want to do. example- babysitting last night, play rehearsal this morning, madrigal dinner tonight, tomorrow i have to perform that play. i dont really want to do any of those things. but i havce to mostly because my mom decided i should. not me, her.

 today has no value. it is just another basic day with nothing exciting. like every other day. i have to babysit b/c my mom decided for me that i have to. she just told the person i would without asking me so now i have to. and that means i cant do anything. which is terrible. then tomorrow im playin at madrigals. which means no night time fun. I HATE BEING BUSY ALL THE TIME

 had a funny conversation w/ sam today about how we dont like winter and how summer is better. we both like summer nights when the temperature is perfect and ur free to stay out and do whatever u want to. we hate how in winter all u can do is basically ski or snowboard otherwise ur inside all the time and no1 ever wants to do anything. it was interesting. then he found a pin by his house that said "Hoofbeats-My favorite music"

 nothing new ever happens to me. i just go to school alot. i got 100 on my bio test. it was pretty funny. i had been makin jokes about it and then i got it. it was interesting. other than that.....church. no1 went so i hung out with matt and ryan. ryan is great. hes a funny kid.

 Okay if anyone watches average joe, she picked the wrong man. obviously. so i hope that her and her pretty boy r happy. katy u shouldnt judge adam on his appearence. argh people r gettin on my nerves. not specifically certain people just the way people are. it seems like there arent people experiencing what im going through. i dont mean to sound like whiny or that i dont like my friends because i love them and they do what they can. i just feel like i cant say what i want to other people. i think i care too much about what other people think about me. i wish i could just say what i wanted to whoever and be done with it. and then not care if those people thought i was really weird. sigh..im just a confused soul.. (not really. im not confused im just mad at myself.)

 i have this intense hate for like rap music. i dont understand why people think that those people are talented. just because they can speak with rhythm about their women and drugs and shooting people and drinking?? what is this world coming to? i do not care if 50 cent wants to party like its my birthday, i still dont like rap music. it shouldnt really be called music...

 tunics are weird.

 orchestra concert tonight....and i really do hate orchestra. im not sayin im quittin b/c im not. i really wanna stay in it and play and go on trips and w/e else. but anyways..today in gym was great fun we started badmiton and tumbling. it was wonderful. haha not really just better than other sports. my mom straightened my hair out for the concerto. laLAlaLA i hate me dress for this thing its uhhhgly. doesnt really fit me. and i have to wear annoying shoes that dont fit me. they r 2 big.

 sigh..katy thought the lead singer of led zeppelin was tony bennett.

 i put up the tree today..i feel so spirit-y for christmas

 but now im very bored.

 thursday- haircut=really great friday= went to target.. it was great saturday- went downtown..omg great times. satin man. haha IM me and ill tell ya or email me today- advent fair was boring. nothing new about that.

 hooray!

 this hasnt been working..

 i have church and homework and it isnt cool. a hot guy talked to me in guitar class i was so happy. cuz he is really hot. haha. meggie is comin to school tomorrow! yay! now i will have some1 to talk to in history! fun. okay. i got involved again in volleyball and my wrist was burning and red and now it is swollen. i really gotta stop doin that. me and a few other kids want to overthrow the bus driver cuz she makes us all walk all the way down the street and around the corner when she could have a bus stop like right by our houses and it would be grand.

 it was really smelly cuz they broke a gas main on 62 and whoowee it was aso smelly i left my basement.

 sry betsy about posting that.... today was .. funny u could say. some1 was wearin a tunic that made me chuckle. haha that sounds stupid but its just something i think is funny. tunics r hilarious. they r so weird looking but everybody has them. then in orchestra hot drummers came in and they r playin w/ us in our concert. BuT one was in jazz band and couldnt go. sooo yeah. and i had string ensemble and it was okay i guess. elyse is the only person that i talk to the rest think they r better than us or something just cuz we r freshman. oh well. gym class tomorrow! ! i actually like gym. last year i hated it with a passion and always had a way out of it. this year i basically look forward to it. not to mention we r playin volleyball. i cannot wait till we start the peace club!!!!!!!!!! yahoo!

 haha me and betsy we always have great things to talk about... irishdancin83 [5:55 PM]: aw irishdancin83 [5:55 PM]: my butt feels big Califrniadrmin21 [5:55 PM]: hahahahaha Califrniadrmin21 [5:56 PM]: what r u talkin about? irishdancin83 [5:56 PM]: haha no its not funny i was standing and sitting and i was like, wow that baby is huge Califrniadrmin21 [5:56 PM]: HAHAHAHAHAHA Califrniadrmin21 [5:56 PM]: i laughed out loud on that one irishdancin83 [5:56 PM]: hahaha irishdancin83 [5:57 PM]: aw jeez i dontknow what in talkin about anymore Califrniadrmin21 [5:57 PM]: your butt being large irishdancin83 [5:57 PM]: haha yea irishdancin83 [5:59 PM]: i think that... irishdancin83 [5:59 PM]: um irishdancin83 [5:59 PM]: my mind is blank Califrniadrmin21 [5:59 PM]: ya irishdancin83 [6:00 PM]: haha miles said that he likes to where skimpy clothes while working out Califrniadrmin21 [6:01 PM]: haha irishdancin83 [6:01 PM]: i could just imagine him in biking shorts and a tank top Califrniadrmin21 [6:02 PM]: ya Califrniadrmin21 [6:02 PM]: and all the other peple lookin at him like hes a nutter irishdancin83 [6:02 PM]: haha and us standing by applauding Califrniadrmin21 [6:03 PM]: ya Califrniadrmin21 [6:03 PM]: and he would drive there in his gremlin Califrniadrmin21 [6:03 PM]: and we would have signs Califrniadrmin21 [6:03 PM]: that say "GO MILES" irishdancin83 [6:03 PM]: and "love machine" Califrniadrmin21 [6:04 PM]: and then we would eat at fazolis irishdancin83 [6:04 PM]: yes irishdancin83 [6:04 PM]: and get lots of breadsticks Califrniadrmin21 [6:04 PM]: haha Califrniadrmin21 [6:04 PM]: yes Califrniadrmin21 [6:04 PM]: free ones irishdancin83 [6:04 PM]: yes yes

 whoa well it took me about half an hour but i can play a bit of stairway to heaven. im not allowed to print out the whole thing cuz its 15 pages so i only have 4. but i can play the first 1 1/2. so i took a break. cuz i have to practice for string ensemble too. ick i really dont like orchestra this year.anyways today in gym it was great. i got hit 3 times and we were getting into it and then we lost a player to injuries. so the person in front had to play the whole front area and it was great i dove for a few and idk but it was real fun. it was tied alot and we ended up winning because i missed a ball...lol if i had hit it we probly would have lost. but hey it was great fun. my gym stories r always really boring to every1 else but i love em. im gonna ask to be in ledfords class all 4 years cuz i will always get an A and i love it. its the easiest gym class i have ever had. seriously.

 guitar is cool. we learned how to read tabs today so now i can play just about anything its exciting ciao

 i am still in my pajamaaaas its so grand to be a bum and have no one care whether or not your clean or if you did your homework. sigh its just wonderful. i havent done a single thing today. and somehow im tired. go figure

 Califrniadrmin21 [4:25 PM]: hey TragicEmoRebeL0 [4:27 PM]: hay Califrniadrmin21 [4:28 PM]: whats going on? TragicEmoRebeL0 [4:28 PM]: meh TragicEmoRebeL0 [4:29 PM]: you Califrniadrmin21 [4:29 PM]: im still in my pajamas Califrniadrmin21 [4:29 PM]: i didnt feel like changing TragicEmoRebeL0 [4:29 PM]: ha I had to work 9-3 so blah on you Califrniadrmin21 [4:30 PM]: did your window freeze again? TragicEmoRebeL0 [4:30 PM]: dunno I was cooking Califrniadrmin21 [4:30 PM]: oh Califrniadrmin21 [4:30 PM]: fun Califrniadrmin21 [4:33 PM]: are you going to watch the superbowl? TragicEmoRebeL0 [4:33 PM]: maybe TragicEmoRebeL0 [4:34 PM]: I have to work 9-3 again tomorrow but I might go to the thingy afterwards Califrniadrmin21 [4:34 PM]: cool Califrniadrmin21 [4:35 PM]: betsys taking me but i doubt im gonna watch the game Califrniadrmin21 [4:43 PM]: have you ever heard the song "i believe in a thing called love"? TragicEmoRebeL0 [4:44 PM]: ha TragicEmoRebeL0 [4:44 PM]: yeah Califrniadrmin21 [4:44 PM]: do you like it? TragicEmoRebeL0 [4:45 PM]: meh tis okay Califrniadrmin21 [4:46 PM]: the music video is pretty weird

 Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than going to the garage makes you a car -Laurence J. Peter

 DancinK918 [10:44 PM]: life learn and then DancinK918 [10:44 PM]: GET LUVS! Califrniadrmin21 [10:45 PM]: i dont need diapers thanks DancinK918 [10:45 PM]: mayb u do Califrniadrmin21 [10:45 PM]: no Califrniadrmin21 [10:45 PM]: i can control my bladder DancinK918 [10:45 PM]: ok if u say so

 mr. wright is sooooooooooooooo disgusting. he liked his hands after they were all chalk-y. ick. no me gusta math. me gusta spanish and ms taylor!! its a great class. today we played battleship but instead of saying A ,J or whatever you had to say it in espanol so it would be Ah, Ho-tah. fun stuff

 Califrniadrmin21 [9:36 PM]: so are you going anywhere on spring break? TragicEmoRebeL0 [9:36 PM]: my bed TragicEmoRebeL0 [9:36 PM]: and the fridge Califrniadrmin21 [9:36 PM]: haha fun Califrniadrmin21 [9:37 PM]: hey did betsy tell you that you interviewed my mom for the talon cuz shes a cookie lady? TragicEmoRebeL0 [9:38 PM]: ha I heard TragicEmoRebeL0 [9:38 PM]: yeah TragicEmoRebeL0 [9:38 PM]: good stuff Califrniadrmin21 [9:38 PM]: yeah Califrniadrmin21 [9:42 PM]: is spanish hard? TragicEmoRebeL0 [9:42 PM]: not when you speak it everyday at fazoli's like me so spanish class is a breeze Califrniadrmin21 [9:43 PM]: haha im in spanish I and every1 says its really hard next year TragicEmoRebeL0 [9:44 PM]: the hardest teacher is nowak I hear Califrniadrmin21 [9:46 PM]: did you have taylor at all? TragicEmoRebeL0 [9:46 PM]: uhhh nope Califrniadrmin21 [9:46 PM]: oh shes funny and the class is east Califrniadrmin21 [9:46 PM]: *easy

 hey guess what my birthdays coming! buy me stuff!

 i dont know what else to say

 Califrniadrmin21 [9:04 PM]: hey TragicEmoRebeL0 [9:04 PM]: blaaaaah Califrniadrmin21 [9:05 PM]: how are you? TragicEmoRebeL0 [9:05 PM]: I'm soooo dizzy TragicEmoRebeL0 [9:05 PM]: and tired TragicEmoRebeL0 [9:05 PM]: from work TragicEmoRebeL0 [9:05 PM]: aaaah Califrniadrmin21 [9:05 PM]: oh was work fun? TragicEmoRebeL0 [9:06 PM]: ha Califrniadrmin21 [9:06 PM]: is it ever fun? TragicEmoRebeL0 [9:06 PM]: my drive thru window was kept freezing shut everytime I closed it Califrniadrmin21 [9:06 PM]: haha im sorry Califrniadrmin21 [9:08 PM]: how has the gremlin been faring in this terrible weather? TragicEmoRebeL0 [9:08 PM]: I put 210 pounds of sand in the back so my traction is ok Califrniadrmin21 [9:09 PM]: thats good Califrniadrmin21 [9:11 PM]: do you like your new classes? TragicEmoRebeL0 [9:12 PM]: eh TragicEmoRebeL0 [9:12 PM]: i never do Califrniadrmin21 [9:12 PM]: what are you taking now? TragicEmoRebeL0 [9:13 PM]: gym, psych, publications, spanish 3 TragicEmoRebeL0 is away at 9:13

 i feel like i am going to cry... why cant i go to concerts? there have been at least four different concerts that i have wanted to go and tried but everytime something goes wrong. every single time. i do not understand why this is happening. im sure there is a reason..

 I WANT TO GO TO A CONCERT BUT MY MOM WONT DRIVE MEEEE

 "So it finally snowed some. Don't you feel a bit like a one sided amphibian? You know- you can handle two environments, but you spend so much time in the one that it takes you a little while to get used to the other?" Ashby Furlough. The hottest guys i know.

 rockout892: 多te gusta los pantalones? MisPink13: scusa? rockout892: do you like pants? MisPink13: maybe, is that any of ur business? MisPink13: who is this MisPink13: do you know who i am? rockout892: meghan MisPink13: ? rockout892: yeah rockout892: i know you rockout892: so do you like pants? MisPink13: well MisPink13: no MisPink13: jk MisPink13: yes MisPink13: actually MisPink13: jk rockout892: good answer rockout892: i think

 rockout892: 多te gusta los pantalones? +18476020714: si. y tu? rockout892: si senorita! rockout892: haha i hope you said and you +18476020714: no me gusta los guantes. me encantan los calcetines!

 rockout892: 多te gusta los pantalones? Craigersv: no comprende rockout892: i said do you like pants Craigersv: YEA Craigersv: I LOVE THEM

 多te gusta los pantalones?

 my favorite class is gym then spanish and the rest i dont like. today we shouldnt have gone to school and i dont like my bus driver. anyways..mr wright disgusts me, i actually feel sick. umm i dont know what to say so im done i guess.

 im wearing super cool sunglasses that only cost $.88 and you know they are awesome

 well this semester will be a snooze. english-i sit in the middle of nowhere and kobza is well kobza. gym/orch-same old geometry-wright is disgusting!!! he was massaging his colored pencils and ew. the good thing is that katie miles sam and jay butcher are all in my class. which makes it fun. and then spanish- seems like the best class im gonna have. i want to speak it! lol yeah taylor is really nice and funny. so that was my day. so far.

 the mall was cool. i bought tube socks from journeys. fun stuff. then we went to taco bell for like an hour and a half. it was funny. we talked alot. ummm i dont really know. the golden globes are a snoozefest!

 this has to be fast im going to the mall and such. im going on a mission trip this summer and whoowee it will be interesting. 31 days! one month basically! omg! Ciao!

 alright im done..im gonna watch SNL and go to bed.

 ya know, im just not supposed to go to a concert. first there was jons concert, then kashmir, then silent fighting, now despite popular belief. all i gotta say is there is no way to stop me from going to ashby furlough. sigh. only 32 days.

 oh yeah and we didnt go to the concert. because the roads were messed up.

 today i went to the thrift store. it was smelly but i got the coolest sunglasses ever and a black tshirt that has the solar system on it and a yellow and white striped shirt. its cool stuff. i went out to dinner with my parents too. it was okay.

 today was finals and finals are useless. i am pretty sure i didnt do good on my history final and orchestra was pretty easy. "someone" showed me their drugs at school today..it made me feel sick. drugs seem so stupid and harmful that i dont know how people can do it. i guess you just have to really want to do them, and be rich. Anyways i am totally happy to be going to the concert tonight. it will be very fun, i can tell. if it isnt i will be shocked. but i mean come on chris will be there and that makes it fun!

 finals are muy stupido. i believe that means very stupid. im not in spanish yet. but anyways. i went to church tonight and it was only me tracy dann nicole and brittny. so i must say it was fairly boring. we watched a video about this guy falling off a rock and getting hurt and how God gave him a miracle. it was pretty amazing. umm i cant wait till friday alot. i dont want my brother talk to joel. so i wont at all mention it. at all. (he is going to timber-lee this weekend). yes because he would say something ummmm along the lines of "my sister thinks your hot" and it would not be good considering he will be here in 35 days. i am counting down. its a month till my birthdaaaaaaay

 if finals were only over the major stuff we learned i would ace them. but they arent. they are about stupid little facts i would never remember then i end up getting a C on it. all because of teachers. and then thorsen told us he isnt reviewing. isnt that nice. all i know is that it is over the french revolution to world war 2.

 phew well sorry i havent posted but its been a little crazy.. sunday nights i went skiing which was pretty good. it was very very very cold and windy and i felt like i was going to be frozen a few times. i have nice bruises though. i love bruises. then katy and meghan slept over but we didnt do anything because i was dead tired. seriously i still am. monday i just layed around and did my homework. we were going to go to the thrift store but it got postponed to this weekend. along with the despite popular belief concert. which i am extremely excited about. especially since the other concert (l.z.) got screwed up thanks to Matthew. so now i really wanna go. i hate finals i hate finals i hate hate hate them. pointless useless stupid waste of time. i want to burn every single one.

 ashby furlough countdown- 40 days

 we went to the mall yesterday for like four hours.. we had some fun. whats with sears?? its so scary nowadays...like the clothes in it. and we saw some blood/paint on the ground in there. it was just really scary. american eagle was boring aero is beyond anything i would pay for express had a super deal and i wanted to buy these jeans but they were like $50. so i didnt. umm i think i am getting my ear pierced, on the top cartilage part for my birthday. so um yes. "baby bash" was there, i have never heard of him but alot of people were being psychotic and annoying about him. he is some sort of rapper. eh. oh well.

 i had a little gathering here..we upset a few people by asking funny questions.. eh oh well. we sang a little karaoke. it was a fun time. umm i dont know what to say but oh well. i am tired. ohYeah. we were supposed to go to that concert tomorrow but we looked it up and it was tonight and you had to be eighteen. so i was sad and mad at the source of info. I am done talking now.

 i am wearing a trucker hat..i feel like a trucker. haha. well today had nothing to talk about. uhh i have church and oh yeah on friday i am probably going to a led zeppelin cover band at clearwater..so it should be wonderful since we cant go to jon. but they are coming. mr middlekauff called and told me. i was very happy. of course. i cant wait til i see them. in guitar i have to play this one song and i dont like and cant play a part of it and gr yeah

 no jonny for me. my mom wont drive. eh i will see him eventually. just not anytime soon. anyways guitar is almost over and i cant believe that i can play. its so happy. i can play most of the song good riddance (time of your life) by green day AND sing along. well the singing is lacking and i cant play the beginning but its a start! i can read tabs well so it makes it a ton easier to learn but sometimes i dont know what the rhythm is so i have to try and download the song. which isnt fun. but all in all, guitar is good. so take it.

 and hopefully i will see jon on friday since we have not school...i can only hope :)

 45 days till ashby's concert here

 i cant remember what i was going to say

 today was once again boring. ummmm i saw miles that cool cool guy in his gremlin. i laughed. he honked the horn and it made a funny noise. it was entertaining. i have 2 tests tomorrow that i dont want to study for but i probably should..............aaargh i hate teachers

 big fish was a wonderful movie. i hope it wins some awards. we went to meghans house after. katy told me to "shut". because she was reading directions for half an hour. i hafta email ashby because my mom wants me to ask them to play at faith! im so excited!

 wow i'm sorry that i havent said anything in so long.. i got incredibly great pictures of andy and jon from tracy. they are hot stuff. next week im (most likely) going to one of jon's concerts! i am very excited about that. of course. i wanted to go tonight to their starbucks concert but my mom said that would be impossible because no one wants to drive to lake geneva without warning. so we are going to a movie instead. i went shopping today. last night i went to betsys because everyone elses parents wouldnt let them go to the silent fighting/ourselves/the famous hiyah concert. im not sure why. but anyways i was psycho and we dressed up. i was a hobo pirate. then we did each others hair and make up. i am sure we were hotties. we even got her brother to get on the fun. so we made a music video for a strong bad song. it was hilarious. aaand yes. i dont know. have a magical day

 i really have some problems. seriously i am crazy.

 people make me sad. i might get more pictures of the band today..im so excited haha i like being happy though. i think i looked more depresssed today, since ihad on really dark jeans and a black led zeppelin tshirt and now im wearing a black hat and i have a black coat...hahaha. i think it was kinda funny today. people i didnt really know were like more scared of me or something .like oh she listens to led zeppelin shes tough. except im not and led zeppelin isnt either..... oh well just something i noticed.

 i dont know who i like right now.. i want to like somebody because it is fun but i cannot think of any guy that i actually like. i dont know im just rambling on about mostly nothing.

 floor hockey is the best sport that we play in gym i believe. its like anger management for free. you just run around hitting a ball or a person with a stick! and its legal! pure genius. and i get some nice bruises too. bruises are like conversation starters. they are really cool. im not sure why but im in a pretty good mood. yay. im trying to think of something to say... oahu tree snails= awesome.

 meggie got an email from the band and she told me what it said and although it was funny, it was terribly sad. jon said that he thought the only weekends he was playing next year at timber-lee were junior high. which i started thinking about (of course) and then it just kept going and i got so sad. if i never see them again i would be devastated..

 another wonderful thing i have thought about in thorough detail today- my parents are 8-9 years apart in age. soo i could marry someone that is 22-23 years old without any difficulty. That is a wonderful thought. :)

 okay two things- 1.) i watched queer eye for the straight guy last night. it was hilarious. i feel bad for the straight guy because there are 5 gay guys hitting on him and it is probably overwhelming. i noticed that. and that the straight guy never really gets it all together for whatever event he is doing. 2.) "some1" said something today at flex that really got me thinking... "you are praying for nonsense" That sentence is a pure lie because anything you pray for isn't nonsense because you yourself believe in it enough to tell God about it. That alone makes it make sense. Even if it something that doesn't make sense to others, it does to you. It is impossible to pray for nonsense. When you really think about it, it is actually rude to say.

 i need to work out but my parents will not pay for a membership to lifetime! it is greatly unfair. i would actually use it. i hate being out of shape. i have gained too much weight this year since i only have gym every other day and i have ledford! so what do you expect???

 well lucky us we had school and it was stupid and i hate it just as much as i thought i would. ashby furlough emailed me back again..well it was jon but he said it was on behalf of the band. :) It made my day a whole lot better. because it was pretty much stinky. literally. ever notice how much jacobs smells? it does. i had a bad time today. i wont use any names. but anyways these two people were having a nice little conversation about doing drugs, doing it with people, stealing, drinking and porn. it just made me think about how truly terrible some people are no matter what they look like. i just sat there and became so sad. if that makes me this sad God must be crying. He doesnt want people to act like that but it is their choice i guess. it just seemed so wrong to me..

 i am hoping and praying that we dont have school tomorrow but i doubt that will actually happen. i hate school so much!!!!!!!!!!

 i have had a fun little weekend. we had this nonstop monopoly extravaganza until 3:15 a.m. it was spectacular. we played chicago monopoly, pokemon monopoly and monopoly junior. it was special. i went sledding today with betsy! we got garbage bags and put leg holes in them and then sled on our butts and stomachs. i looked like a penguin/marshmallow. it was grand. farewell till tomorrow..

 im going to have a little shindig if you will. it will be fun i'm sure. maybe we will play a little monopoly..or disney trivia....haha good times...

 cheese nips are greasy. i prefer cheese-its thank you very much.

 i havent done a single thing again. im trying to convince my parents to let me have people over since it is saturday and the final days of break. it will be lucky if it happens. i have to call everyone... i hate parental controls on AOL. they need to be taken away forever. i cant see anything anymore. stupid stupid stupid. i want like just AIM, no AOL.

 i went to meghans and i wasnt really crazy but i got a great picture of jon. we played some hardcore monopoly. meghan won. it was lord of the rings. i was gimli. he is so cool. and that is all i have to say.

 what is truly an obsession? people always say they are obsessed with johnny depp or the o.c. but that isnt really an obsession, you just like that alot. i think an obsession is like something taking over your life. it has to be all you think about. why am i even talking about this?

 im going to party tonight because i need to. i have so much energy since i dont do anything in my house. so im gonna probably be insane and crazy and eat too much and not sleep. eh its all in good fun.

 i got a little email from the band.. it made me happy for a few minutes. i went to b's for new years. it was a grand ol time. we had magnum poppers. they r basically confetti guns. they really shouldnt sell those. little kids would shoot people. oh well i like them. we stayed up late. i wrote something last night! its really quite bad. you will know what it means if you know what i mean. you never know what to expect on that endless drive once you're there you can just feel it. energy and love for the same reason. God. you feel together getting to know each other all over again. new friends join in Even if they arent allowed. ;) In the back of your mind that small feeling you know you have to leave. And just maybe never see them again. it draws closer but seems far away. Then its over. Back in the car trying desperately to keep memories. you dont want them to fade. convincing yourself you will see them again. A year thats all you have to wait. its not that long... its a bad thing. i wont call it a poem because it isnt. i was bored at midnight last night so i turned on a CD (take a wild guess which one) and wrote all my feelings and stuff like that. happy new year.

 oh man. i just spent like 45 min. putting in this sub page about ashby furlough and a bunch of quotes and whatnot and the stupid website claimed i hadnt logged in and lost everything. i was logged in because you have to be in order to type anything. grr im really angry. and im not doing it again because right now i dont have the time.

 i put more on that unlimited profile thing. its quite fun to mess with.

 david crowder band tonight. should be great. lots of concerts all in a row, ya know?

 im waiting for the band to email once again.

 today was actually nothing special. yet. church was just regular. i had to carry in chains for the famine. and i got $50 pledged to me. yay. we raised (i believe) $3000!!! go us!

 Quote of the Day "I'm not bad, I'm just drawn that way." Roger Rabbit's wife in Who Framed Roger Rabbit?

 Quote of Yesterday "I bought these at Cub Foods. They were on sale, and I didn't know they were in Spanish!" Betsy B. about the candy hearts being in Spanish.

 Quote of Friday "I play in my socks because your feet regulate the temperature in your body. Ya know? When you're cold, you put on socks. When you're hot you take off your shoes. It's genius." Andy Devore (bassist of Ashby Furlough)

 we are actually going to go on friday. i cant believe it. im quite excited.

 friday wont come fast enough

 i love them so much. hopefully we will see them on friday

 i forgot to talk about my duct tape jeans. i put duct tape on my jeans and wrote ashby furlough on it and andy wanted to buy them and then he goes "hey jonny t. you gotta do the duct tape next time!" and when we talked to andy he told us why he plays in socks and that jonny always wears red shoes because they are good luck.

 okay so after that.. we made a paper chain and then we watched bruce almighty. i fell asleep but i really wanted to see it. oh well. then i slept in but was awakened by billy kuhns talking about food, swishing, and playing a drum. not exactly fun. okay lets see..um..i dont really remember what else we did..but we broke the fast with communion...it was really sweet and meaningful. and then i went to betsy's after eating like 20 pounds of food. i was there for like six hours. haha. we watched her ashby furlough footage. it was nice. and then we talked to her sister who is the luckiest person in the world because she got to meet switchfoot. ahh. i want to meet them. anyways we watched it alot and listened to music and looked at yearbooks. and then the toaster caught on fire. it was hilarious.

 phew

 oooooooooh this will be a long post. famining wasnt too hard, today was pretty tough but i think yesterday was harder. i absolutely love ashby furlough. sorry but i do. andy came at 6 and i got to hug him and then the other guys came and we unloaded their cars. i got to climb in andy's car and unload his bass. so hot. and then i got to carry in a drum. of joes. who is also hot. then i got to take their orders for scoobysa and they were really nice. joe asked me what my name was then. he is actually really really nice. last time i didnt talk to him. they played and they were amazing and awesome and spectacular and (insert an adj. that means good). and extremely hot. i love when jon dances. its soo cute. and i love um everything that andy does. they played this song i really love and andy was like she was on my broomball team and he high fived me. so so so hot. then after the concert me and betsy got to talk to andy for like half an hour. he was really nice. he wanted to buy my pants and then trade shirts with me. but then i found out he was married. and i wanted to cry. but he is so sweet. oh and i took a picture with them and joe said hey its meghan! i remember your name! and i was like yeah! i love you! (not really, hes married and has children.) soo anyways we got to pack the cars back up and i hugged them all goodbye. jon was sweaty, joe smelled good, andy was hot and joel was trying to whip me with a towel. they drove the cutest minivans. ever. we were inside after and andy pulled up and i opened the door and he yells "hey we're getting some food want anything?" (note- this is during the famine) so i yelled "come on dont even" and then he said im just kidding.. and then he drove a little and then he said actually im not. that was the last i saw of them. ya know ill post again the rest cuz this is so long.

 im hungry

 man miles saw the passion w/o betsy and me. thats sad

 i wish people didnt cheat in famines.

 i want food. really badly. ASHBY FURLOUGH WILL BE HERE IN A A FEW HOURS! im so excited.

 oh man im starving. the famine is already hard and ive been going 8 hours and ten minutes. so only 21 hours, 50 minutes to go. oh boy.

 Quote of the Day "You have to try and perform an act of love for those who persecute you." Mel Gibson

 now back to today.. half day.. um......aric was either joking, being mean, or playing hard to get and made me quite sad. but i dont really care about him because i barely know him. hes just a drummer. wait ... just a drummer? man thats pretty hypocritical. that word sounds so smart. hmm anyways umm i dont have a quote of the day yet because no one said anything funny weird or anything. i barely talked to people today. strange. maybe later.

 the passion is a movie that you will either love or hate. i really dont think you can be in the middle. i could be wrong. if you dont know the story of jesus, read it before you go, otherwise you will have no idea what is happening and mostly why it is happening. i cried from the time they whipped him until the end. if i wasnt crying, i was shaking. i want to see it again. that movie makes you think about how Jesus did that for me, for us. He went through the worst pain you can think of just so we can go to heaven and be with him. i dont really know how to put into words the feelings i had because they were so .. amazing.

 臓Hola! now that i wasted 5 minutes trying to find that upside down exclamation point.. IM GOING TO SEE THE PASSION TONIGHT....! im quite excited, but a bit frightened. it shall be a wonderful tale, i'm sure. my old speak tickles my fancy, although tis hard to continue doing. well my thoughts have run dry, i shall return later to speak more of the passion. Quote of the Day "Jesus doesn't love you." a friend who requests to be nameless..

 Califrniadrmin21 : hey matt this is meghan keyes Rocker1821: hey Rocker1821: whats up Califrniadrmin21: nothing really you? Rocker1821: nothing Califrniadrmin21: fun Califrniadrmin21: did you read the talon? Rocker1821: some of it Rocker1821: did you? Califrniadrmin21: yeah Rocker1821: what about it? Califrniadrmin21: did you read what miles said? Rocker1821: about the kids who make fun of him? Califrniadrmin21: yeah Rocker1821: i read some of it Califrniadrmin21: cool. what did you think? Rocker1821: i thought it was stupid that kids make fun of him but if hes going to write those things then he should expect controversy Califrniadrmin21 : yeah Rocker1821 : what did you think? Califrniadrmin21: well i know him so i feel bad for him, and i think it was stupid of those people who made fun of him for wearing pink pants Rocker1821: yeah Rocker1821: hes a good guy Califrniadrmin21: yeah Califrniadrmin21: hes pretty cool Rocker1821: hes funny Califrniadrmin21: yeah Califrniadrmin21: he also owns the coolest car ive ever seen Rocker1821: haha Rocker1821: yeah its pretty cool Califrniadrmin21: hey what did you have yesterday cuz i was sick too Rocker1821: i have ulcers in the back of my throat.. some sort of virus Califrniadrmin21: whoa Califrniadrmin21: im sorry Rocker1821: its ok Califrniadrmin21: is it painful? Rocker1821: quite Califrniadrmin21 : wow Califrniadrmin21 : thats crazy Rocker1821 : what did you have? Califrniadrmin21 : i just had a fever and a bad cold Rocker1821 : im sorry Califrniadrmin21 : yeah it wasnt too bad Califrniadrmin21 : brb Rocker1821 : ok Califrniadrmin21 : im back Rocker1821: hello Califrniadrmin21 : hi Rocker1821 : do you know when our last day of school is? Califrniadrmin21 : no Califrniadrmin21 : june 9 maybe? Rocker1821 : really?? Califrniadrmin21 : i have no idea Rocker1821 : thanks anyway Califrniadrmin21 : yep Califrniadrmin21 : soo what are you doing? Rocker1821 : im looking to see when our last day of school is Califrniadrmin21 : cool Califrniadrmin21 : so what is your group doing for the project in english? Rocker1821 : umm a skit and power poiny Rocker1821 : point- Rocker1821 : i think thats it Califrniadrmin21 : thats good Califrniadrmin21 : so i heard in your gym class the guys take their pants off to cpmpare leg muscles...? Califrniadrmin21 : *compare Rocker1821 : haha Rocker1821 : maybe Rocker1821 : ive never seen it Califrniadrmin21 : haha are you sure? Rocker1821 : yeah Califrniadrmin21: ic ic Califrniadrmin21: so how long have you been playing guitar Rocker1821 : about a year and a half Califrniadrmin21 : thats cool Califrniadrmin21 : i took the class at school Rocker1821 : learn anything? Califrniadrmin21 : yeah actually Califrniadrmin21 : alot Califrniadrmin21 : then i got a guitar for my birthday last weekend Califrniadrmin21 : cuz the one i had b4 was from walmart and was already falling apart Rocker1821 : awesome Rocker1821 : what kind? Califrniadrmin21 : i dont know how to spell it Califrniadrmin21 : it starts witha t Califrniadrmin21 : and sounds like japanese Rocker1821: takamine Califrniadrmin21 : yes Califrniadrmin21 : thats it Rocker1821 : sweet Califrniadrmin21 : yeah its beautiful Rocker1821 : acoustic? Califrniadrmin21 : yes Califrniadrmin21 : and my dad lets me play his electric Rocker1821 : awesome Califrniadrmin21 : what kind do you have? Rocker1821 : my electric is a squier strat Califrniadrmin21 : thats cool. what color is it? Rocker1821 : red Califrniadrmin21 : awesome Rocker1821 : im gonna go Rocker1821 : see you later Califrniadrmin21 : okay see you Rocker1821 signed off at 4:36 PM

 well i returned to jacobs today. it was mostly good. i was blessed with a talon (great job miles) and aric butler waving to me in the hallway. my group in kobza, however, was not so blessed and chose not to do anything meghan or myself said. soo we have to present tomorrow with next to nothing. (i like this intelligent talking im doing...must be the medicine..) i was out of gym and some nice jacobians let me play cards with them. fairly good way to spend gym might i add. math was stupid spanish was usual. that mostly when i read the talon. and now for the Quote of the Day "You are incapable of having a normal discussion because you are too wrapped up in yourselves." Mrs. Taylor to my fellow Spanish classmates. aint it the truth

 Quote of the Day "of all the things ive lost, i miss my mind the most" ozzy osbourne i heard this on TV.

 christian is amaaaaaaaaaazing and his pants are amaaaaaaaaaaaazing

 channel 7 by the way

 fast and the furious= pure genius. hot guys, fast cars, and funny lines.

 ha

 mym mom was telling me about how at cornerstone this cult tries to make people join. i thought it was pretty funny but apparently it isnt. i wont be home though so i couldnt go if i wanted to. which i do. just to see those amazing pants in person.

 blindside i love you

 i had a fever, thats why i didnt go to school. it is bad to be sick. im just glad its not serious. and i will probably be back tomorrow so dont worry..you wont have to miss me that much longer ;)

 ah. what a day. i woke up at flex, and ate a nice warm breakfast. in math i watched music videos, incubus britney spears hilary duff some g-unit usher three days grace maroon5 etc. spanish i watched a movie on vh1 about the temptations. and now its almost 3:30 and no one is on..?

 im not going to school tomorrow...........................................!

 but I know as they hammered those nails into your beautiful hands your eyes they tried to search for mine but I look away now your eyes are the only thing that can save me I'm still afraid of them piercin' you break into my prison just pretended for a while my soul is sad and I walk away --blindside

 i will try to put these amazing pants into words. they are jeans, and they are medium-dark and tight. they flare out a little bit at the bottom. they were so tight you could see his calf muscles as he walked out onto the crowd..yeah he crowd surfed but he was walking. it was amazing. so now i want to go to the concert and support him in his crowdsurfing..so amazing.

 AMAZING PANTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 wow i havent posted in awhile. lets see...thursday doesnt bring anything to mind, friday was my super fantabulous birthday party..it was great. there was raffia everywhere..hahaha. we were swimming in the middle of a snowstorm. and there was a hulahula man. saturday i was sick and then i went to pops. it was pretty fun. especially aric ;) he talked to me a bit and then said i looked like emily smith?!? i think i know who that is but i actually dont even know. those drummers........... i just fall for them everytime. hahahaha. then i went to b's to watch a DVD and i saw the most amazing pants on it ever, worn by the lead singer of blindside. who is basically the hottest man alive. amazing. then this morning was youth sunday..i just wont go into specifics but i played guitar.

 church is so strange most of the time. well mostly dann and tracy.. but hey. i have to sell tickets for the concert so if you want one ive got em. haha. only 9 days though. and 3 till my birthday. i think i already said that today.

 I CANT EXPLAIN ALL THESE FEELINGS THAT YOUR MAKING ME FEEL MY HEARTS IN OVERDRIVE AND YOUR BEHIND THE STEERING WHEEL TOUCHING YOOOU TOUCHING MEEEE TOUCHING YOU GOD YOUR TOUCHING ME I BELIEVE IN A THING CALLED LOVE JUST LISTEN TO THE RHYTHM OF MY HEART THERES A CHANCE WE COULD MAKE IT NOW WE'LL BE ROCKIN TILL THE SUN GOES DOWN I BELIEVE IN A THING CALLED LOOOOOOVE OOOOH. over and over and over and over and over. never the second verse. the first one then the chorus just on repeat in my brain. i would like it stop please. anytime im not thinking about anything thats what happens. it is driving me insane!!!!!!!!!!

 ha i have a thing for those drummers. especially the ones that talk to me and tell me to call them. at flex. Other than that... mr wright got mad becuz people were asking about their grades so he turned into an angry toad/frog/you name any ugly animal it will fit. aint it the truth. my birthday is in 3 days! finally! and ashby furlough is in 9 days! i had to recount because it was screwed up. the wait is killing me

 um..

 finally a good day. i just talked to alot of people that i dont usually get to talk to alot at school. it just seemed like a nice day. hmm..usually i say something funny..hmm........... aaah chtcsh (oh vehring you have scarred me for life) we did talk about vehring in espa単ol today though. i dont understand espa単ol though becuz we never learn anything. we just talk about stuff that is happening. but not in spanish. just have like debates. except the only people talking are ms taylor, tyler carolan (big surprise, eh!) marissa and matt grodowski. its a nice time to sleep or play calculator games. hahahahahaha i feel like laughing

 someone once told me all dreams come true. that is so wrong.

 i went to see miracle with my dad and brother. it was pretty good, i already knew what the end was though. it was really long and stretched out. but it had two hot guys in it. and a coupla times they didnt have shirts on. i am so shallow it makes me sick.

 my birthday is so close its driving me crazy i just want it to come!

 now i just need a band

 this weekend has been just crazy. sunday i went to church then i had to go to my great aunts birthday. then i got home with a half an hour to spare before skiing which meant i was running around throwing things and then getting yelled at which made me late. skiing was great, the very last run me and meghan finally got on the biggest hill in the park and it was fun but incredibly scary. but i survived. then we went to the hotel. it was funny. we wanted to swim but it was locked and tracy and britt ate bananas and threw them in this candle and we ran around dancing in the hallways (this is at midnight) so then we were called in our room and told to be quiet. we didnt do much else. in the morning we went in the hot tub becuz of our muscles and then we had breakfast. i ate too much. then we went home. i got to go to guitar center and pick out this gorgeous acoustic guitar for my birthday but i hafta pay for part of it. but it is beautiful.

 my day improved as time went by. miles said nice things that made me happy and other things that made me think. alot. then i went out to dinner with the family. which is always an experience. the food didnt come for about an hour so i was putting my head down on the table so they thought i was like sick or something. then i only ate three bites of my burger. it was 9:30 at night, i wasnt hungry. but no im anorexic now. apparently. at least i have a family and food. and a house. good night.

 this day has been incredibly boring. i want to go out tonight but i dont know what to do or where to go or anything basically. im tired all the time even though i slept in till 11:30. i just dont understand. i have such a boring life. im glad that it is boring though instead of terrible and sad.

 oh yeah! i had a dream last night about drummers YES! lol. the one that plays the TOMs. everyone thought my birthday wa this weekend instead of next weekend so he kept giving me a kiss on the cheek and telling me he loved me. it was so sweet. too bad hes taken by some college chick. all the good ones...

 i accidently left it on all night......eh. the basketball game was fun, aric is hot. ha. we went to betsys after and it was grand, even though we just talked the whole time. but thats why we are friends. because we can sit and talk and not hafta worry about what we're saying. sooo i think i have to go to the mall because my brother is in some sort of gaming tournament there. which is so disgusting. ha actually i dont care what hes doing as long as it doesnt involve me or my friends. usually it does. soooo umm i guess thats it.

 my stupid stupid stupid parental controls! i know the password so if i really want to go on a website i can override it. i hate it so much.

 im going to the game and hopefully it is not a boring time. like last time. ha. im listening to jons cd. so peaceful. only 13 days..

 i wish that in general people werent so hypocritical and judgemental and mean. it would make life so much easier. but since that isnt gonna happen anytime soon, we just have to deal with it.

 i think im goin to the basketball game tonight.......hopefully it will be a bit better since alot more people will be there and hopefully meghan will go and um yes. jay was very mean today. i simply asked him for a flyer and he said NO! and then threw them at me. so then drew came over and gave us all one. which was very nice of him. umm i gave out my valentines. and people were nice. which made me happy. miles wouldnt take mine but i told him i didnt care whether or not he gave me anything. it makes me sad that he hates so much. i wish i could help him or something.

 once again, nothing

 wow i always think valentines day will bring me something good..in all of my years of living it never once has. ever. my expectations are too high. i guess im used to it. well i know im getting 3 valentines so woo hoo for me.

 rockout892: ahh i just choked on my soda rockout892: i felt like i was drownign rockout892: *drowning it was scary .. haha and funny. i figured out a little bit of one of jons songs on the guitar. it was fun. yes.

 oh i hate the dentist. even though i got out early from school it does not make up for it. at least i didnt have any cavities!!! haha. i got a sticker that says no cavity club member. its special. i hate kobza so much it is unbearable. she wasnt at school today but we are having a huge test over grammar and a vocab test all tomrrow. and the sub said something about doing a 50 question review but i am not doing that. i simply dont want to. its insane.

 ahh i cant wait 15 days to see ashby furlough!

 i got to rock out on my guitar at church. it wasnt very fun though. i have to play chords the whole time and they are hard chords to begin with and its fast annnd yes. umm so yeeah im done

 church is so weird. i think that brittny and tracy should stop fighting bcuz its stupid. anyway..i am excited about skiing on sunday. i just wish more people would go and actually ski instead of watching or whatever they do up there. but hey. i was going to say something important but i have no idea now what it was. haha sorry!

 i hate how nothing happens. i hate how kobza assigns us more homework in one night than i had all of last term. i love how taylor is letting us watch a movie tomorrow and friday. i love how hot guys are in my math and english class. i hate that i dont sit by them. i hate that they arent nice and sweet. i hate how people older than me think i deserve to be shoved around. i hate how some people think they are better than all freshman regardless. i hate how any guy i ever like already has a girlfriend. and usually their girlfriend is mean. i love my friends. i love crackers. i love guys. i hate guys. i HATE jacobs. i love summer.

 how can school get that smelly?

 talk to betsy and apply to be a bodyguard. cuz she really needs one. alot. that lorenzo..........so disgusting.

 school is.. interesting without being anywhere near fun. my seat in kobza is in the middle of nowhere again, this time i sit next to meghan at least. but we are like in the front. ugh. there was club pictures and in 4th block i had to leave to "take one" for 20 minutes. the sad part is my teacher did not seem to notice or care. maybe she just figured i was in like 5 clubs... hahahahahaha oh jacobs. i hate you so much.

 ugh im watching average joe..its amazing how incredibly stupid and shallow people can be without even thinking about it. i can barely watch it without just screaming and throwing my shoe at the TV ....sigh

 Califrniadrmin21: hey TragicEmoRebeL0: hey Califrniadrmin21: how was your day of no school TragicEmoRebeL0: ha lazy TragicEmoRebeL0: been very lazy Califrniadrmin21: thats cool. did you sleep in? TragicEmoRebeL0: like a baby Califrniadrmin21: ha fun Califrniadrmin21: i just ate the stick of my lollipop but it keeps getting stuck in my throat TragicEmoRebeL0: tasty TragicEmoRebeL0: I like cardboard too Califrniadrmin21: yes good stuff Califrniadrmin21: so did alot of people like your pink pants? TragicEmoRebeL0 is away at 8:49 PM TragicEmoRebeL0 returned at 8:52 PM TragicEmoRebeL0: ha oh yeah Auto response from Califrniadrmin21 [8:53 PM]: hmm...what to do..what to do.... im either eating sitting or playing guitar. call me and we can do something TragicEmoRebeL0: especially the people who called me a faggot over and over Califrniadrmin21: aw im sorry Califrniadrmin21: i thought they were amazing Califrniadrmin21: well im gonna go TragicEmoRebeL0: mmkay TragicEmoRebeL0: ttyl Califrniadrmin21: ttyl Califrniadrmin21: buenos noches

 i have no idea what to say. this day has dragged for such a loong time. its just so lame. I HAVE NO LIFE. i hate the smell of jacobs. it follows me everywhere

 i just read a funny little article in rolling stone magazine about the darkness. it made me chuckle.

 im listening to black dog and now it is stuck in my head. I gotta roll, can't stand still, got a flame in my heart, can't get my fill. Eyes that shine burning red, dreams of you all through my head.

 umm..nothing special. i really dont like school. im excited that we get to pick seats in kobza tomorrow. i wont have to sit in the middle of nowhere again. i hate that. eh. its interesting that miles is suspended. i think it is pretty stupid but thats cuz i think miles is cool. its still stupid. well ill post interesting stuff when and if it happens. heh thats a good joke...

 the grammies should be interesting. hopefully beyonce doesnt win very much. idk why but i just dont like her. eh. i wanna see outkast and the tribute to the beatles and uhh idk what else is happening. hopefully some hot dudes are there. haha. i crack myself up.

 kobza assigns homework, but it is really hard and useless. no one cares if i can identify a hyperbole! they dont affect me! arrgh

 i am slowly (but surely) getting closer to insanity everyday. i wouldnt doubt by the time im out of college i could most certainly be goners. eh oh well. it happens.

 i have no socks on my feet. it is a bit chilly. hahaha

 wow that was cool. "nothingness seems eternal in my mind..." maybe i should write a song. haha no.

 i cant believe how boring it is. no ones on, nothing is happening, and thats it. nothingness seems eternal in my mind...

 how did MTV get so terrible? i remember the day i loved it...oh yeah that was when i liked rap music. VH1 is better, even though they are owned by the same people. whatever. i cant stand how i have to watch 5 rap videos to get one good one. it isnt fair.

 Califrniadrmin21: i had a funny dreAm! irishdancin83: haha tell me! Califrniadrmin21: well matts parents couldnt take care of him like they left or something so we took him and he didnt really like my family (lol) and then it was christmas so i bought him a present and he got me one and he was wearing glasses Califrniadrmin21: alot of the dream was just us hanging out and talking Califrniadrmin21: it was so happy irishdancin83: thats sounds fun

 the darkness is almost overplayed

 dreams are absolutely wonderful. they make me so happy when they involve um certain people (AKA hot guys). and they are fun to figure out what they are supposed to mean.

 only 19 days till the gorgeous ashby furlough arrives!

 well im probly not gonna do a single thing today. isnt that swell?

 Califrniadrmin21 [10:20 PM]: man im beat irishdancin83 [10:20 PM]: meeeee 2! Califrniadrmin21 [10:21 PM]: and smelly irishdancin83 [10:21 PM]: haha im not smelly Califrniadrmin21 [10:21 PM]: i smell like jacobs Califrniadrmin21 [10:22 PM]: :- irishdancin83 [10:22 PM]: ugh thats sounds unpleasent Califrniadrmin21 [10:22 PM]: tis

 dah dah dahh i just got back from the basketball game. it wasnt too fun but there were 2 hot drummers that we got to "hang out" with. except they didnt talk to us. little girls threw popcorn at us. we were pretending to smoke our chapstick. it was funny. i have nothing to say

 church should be cool, we are analyzing songs. im bringin misty mountain hop

 i hate school. my bus smelled like cigarette smoke. it was gross. the whole school smells really bad. i got a dolphin pen at walgreens and its like a guy magnet!! i got it out in 1st block and matt liked it then jeff meyer liked it then ian liked it. it was great. today was the first day that i actually talked to matt. it was fun. hes pretty hot. haha actually really hot. okay im done

 watch channel 3 tomorrow please. look for Ashby Furlough............

 wow i had to leave in a hurry to get passport pictures. they are not good. oh well. im listening to the beatles. its wonderful. i went to panera after that passport fun. it was just great. i sound so happy! haha

 ahh passport pictures

 i made a CD. its pretty funky. its the beatles, then the white stripes and then led zeppelin. i wanted to put the darkness on there but it wouldnt work.

 um well lets just say the party was incredibly stupid. miles didnt come, the panthers lost, and no one talked to us. at all. there was one hot guy there total and he didnt talk to me even though i tried to talk to him. his name is matt and he plays the guitar piano bass and drums. he goes to westminster i believe. oh well. i desperately hope there isnt school tomorrow

 today will hopefully be a fun day. hopefully this superbowl party will be fun...if miles goes i bet it will. yeeah. oh at the mall we saw jay butcher! it was exciting. hes in my math class. i have to do my homework before that party and i dont want to. i hate kobza!

 i got a call from this writer for the northwest herald cause i wrote them a little email. it was fun. sort of. i'm supposed to be in an article now but nothing controversial. just about this here blog. i hope this gets better.

 Each heart knows its own bitterness, and no one else can share its joy. proverbs 14:10

 that little news thing was extremely stupid. i couldnt handle that. i had a pillow and i was pulling it and then i had it over my head and i was standing on my chair. it was bad. i hate this whole entire thing.

 ignorance is not bliss.

 today was better. better meaning i didnt feel like i was going to randomly cry/hurt someone at any given moment. i only felt like that some of the time.

 Quote of the Day "Suspended. That's a little harsh in my opinion. What ever happened to Freedom of Expression." a random person who emailed me.

 im so sick and tired of people making up things about miles. he isnt a murderer and he isnt arrested or in prison. i dont know how that got started. in the locker room i uh yelled at a couple people. they said he was going to burn down the school on the last day. i didnt yell at them i just yelled in their direction. i dont want to be mean. i just cant stand it.

 HAHAHA ..futurama "Is it true you are a robot?" "well i prefer the name love machine... growl "

 before i go to bed i think that everyone should see this nice site dedicated to betsy. http://www.expage.com/imaturepeoplesuck ha those younguns are so sweet. p.s. "wild bunch of friends" was actually just me alot of times.. i have gauze all shoved in my ear because of the bleeding and its uncomfortable.

 my ear is bleeding and im not sure why....... !

 i desperately want to see ashby furlough friday i just dont think it will happen. well there is always switchfoot.

 i think my mom thinks that i have problems. i was sitting in my living room playing stairway to heaven for about 10 minutes and just staring off into space. it felt good. music is definently my anger management.

 if tomorrow is anything like today, i will stop going to school. i cant understand anything thats going on .

 " color the coast with your smile its the most genuine thing that ive ever seen i was so lost but now i believe " " everyone's gotta get bottom bottomed out in the long run and those are the times you need love " dashboard confessional

 while reading a magazine i found a page of stickers and one said "ban ignorance" i chose to stick that to a pin which i am wearing tomorrow. isnt that special.

 forgiveness is hard

 Quote of the Day rockout 892: i started shaking again in math. i think that the megan cheerleader thinks i am messed up or something

 i wish jacobs would burn down

 people at jacobs are ignorant, stupid, moronic, hateful, lame, close-minded, shallow, brainless, idiotic ........

 things happen for a reason, and even though you might not know the reason now, you just have to go along. there isnt anything else you can do. its up to God.

 Quote of the Day Yeah there's something I was thinking about Get it out of my head Yeah there's something I was kicking around Somethin' you said I don't know when I'm right I only know when I'm wrong When you gonna leave some light to show it all And keep the lights from going off Coz I don't see Yeah I'm waitin' for you, it's been so long Yeah I'm lost but I'm at home They said it takes a long long time If it's not too much Could you hear me now Come around again Come around again Please come around again. -jet. couldnt think. sorry.

 today went from bad to absolutely incredibly terrible horrible ah i cant think.

 oh no

 ah school. not good. terrible actually. boring, uneventful, stupid..etc. i just look forward to ashby furlough (hopefully?) and switchfoot.

 in st. lucia they make this beer for kids. it has less alcohol than regular beer and its flavored. i had some. it didnt taste that bad but i dont know its so strange that things like that are legal. there isnt any law against drinking and driving in any place i went except puerto rico. the whole trip made me think alot about how lucky and well-off i am to have a family that loves me and is able to go on vacation.

 ah ashby furlough concert on friday!! but my mom decided she doesnt want to drive for no real reason. we will find a way

 i got my hair braided

 oh man. jacobs just hit me. i have to wake up tomorrow. gr.

 i need to call people

 spring break is basically over and it feels like it only lasted a day. it was quite good but no secret love. that was saddening. i met quite a few people..guys..you get hit on alot on cruises. it freaks me out every time. my hair is braided but im not tan. i got burned a bit but its already peeling off. i dont feel like typing all the little details of what i did. sorry.

 ah my return to algonquin

 i will take pictures of every single thing i do or see. including any secret love(s) hey you never know

 22 days till switchfoot

 blah blah no one is on

 i heart switchfoot. we will meet them at the concert, no matter what. we will find a way

 "Beautiful Letdown" it was a beautiful letdown when i crashed and burned when i found myself alone unknown and hurt it was a beautiful let down the day i knew that all the riches this world had to offer me would never do in a world full of bitter pain and bitter doubt i was trying so hard to fit in, fit in, until i found out i don't belong here i don't belong here I will carry a cross and a song where I don't belong but i don't belong it was a beautiful letdown when you found me here yeah for once in a blue moon i see everything clear i'll be a beautiful letdown that's what i'll forever be and though it may cost my soul i'll sing for free we're still chasin our tails and the rising sun in our dark water planet still spins in a race where no one wins and no one's one I don't belong here I don't belong here i'm gonna set sight and set sail for the kingdom come Your kingdom come won't you let me down yeah let my foolish proud forever let me down easy living, not much like your name easy dying, you look just about the same won't you please take me off your list easy living please come on and let me down we are a beautiful letdown, painfully uncool, the church of the dropouts and losers and sinners and failures and the fools oh what a beautiful letdown are we salt in the wound let us sing one true tune I don't belong here I don't belong here I don't belong here Feels like I don't belong here Let me down Let me down Feels like I'm letdown Let me down. Cuz I don't belong here Please Won't you let me down? --switchfoot.

 haha my mom was telling me this story about "this one guy" and how he got this tattoo on his stomach and i kept asking who it was and she couldnt remember so i had her describe him and she said he had black hair and it was in his eyes and he had an art folder and then i was like wait a second..does he have an eyebrow piercing? and she didnt remember and then i said well i think its AJ and it was. i laughed. i wish i had seen his stomach tattoo. i told my mom his backpack said down with christians and satan in large letters and she seemed frightened. i think my mom thinks that i am becoming weirder. which i am. hahaha sugg.

 bad days keep you in check with the reality that life isnt perfect and never ever will be. you just have to keep going and get over it. theres more to come.

 i would like to be invisible so that i could punch some people in the face and whisper into other people's ears and try to help them. but i wouldnt want to be invisible forever. just enough.

 some people are very confusing, complicated, and strange. and i dont understand why they chose today to not talk to me or anything. it makes me sad when i think about things like this/people like this. and that darn biggs. he is evil, i tell you.

 i dont feel like posting a single thing more. but i will post a Quote of the Day starofthesea87: why must most guys within our reach with cool pants be christian haters? starofthesea87: why oh why starofthesea87: woe is me i had another one that was about bad days but i already forgot it. im going to start writing them down.

 today was a bad day, bad days suck. therefore today sucked. it will be better tomorrow. unless i have to like be strip searched cuz they think im a terrorist and then i miss my flight which means i miss my cruise which means no secret love which means i will be here for spring break. i need to stop thinking. i have done enough of that today. and last night.

 im going to bed now since no one is on..

 im so glad that miles hasnt cut himself in awhile. i hope he doesnt ever again.

 okay one more quote- Ms. Taylor- "Alright, think about it like this- teenagers are like kites" Me- "yep, they're usually high" Ms. Taylor- "Well I suppose, but that wasn't the point I was going to make..I was going to say that when you are a parent you have to let the string go a little for your child to fly"

 Califrniadrmin21: guess what TragicEmoRebeL0: um TragicEmoRebeL0: im pregnant?

 Quote of the Day "Different is just different..it doesn't mean less..but then again it also doesn't mean more. It's equal" Ms. Taylor

 yay i got an airbrush tan

 today was a pretty good day. but it wasnt as good as it could have been. miles was styling in his green pants. he also took pictures of orchestra. i smiled at aric butler twice today. hurray. kind of. sugg's backpack said either " i hate christians" or "down with christians". i dis-heart him now. blah. then in espanol we had a conversation about parents and how nowadays they dont care as much and how if parents were jsut a little more inquisitive and strict kids wouldnt get into as many problems and drugs and such.

 hola i must be quick in my typing because i still need to shower and its 10:40. concerts are never good, so i wasnt surprised. but ahh aric butler!

 i was thinking about meghan and greg with the hair's argument about heaven and there is a heaven, despite what he says. there has to be something after we die, i mean we dont just die and be done. we go somehwhere else, do something else. i guess if you dont believe in God you might see things quite differently but i cant see where we would just die and that is the end. i could be wrong, but i doubt it. God is there and in control. and once you die, you get to meet him. this is hard to think about.

 ahh i dont want to go to this concert at jacobs tonight. but i have to play in it. grr i hate my orchestra dress!

 so first betsy's backpack was stuck in her locker and she couldnt get it out so she had to carry her books. so we ran downstairs and talked to miles, who was one of many who enjoyed my anaranjado pantalones. so we ran outside cuz our bus is usually first and we were a bit late. but we didnt see it so we waited for the second line of buses to pull up but we didnt see it. so then we (me natalie betsy and sam) waited awhile, realized no one else from our bus was still at school, and decided to call. well sam was talking to people i dislike greatly and wont talk about..but anyways, mrs. melchers was gonna pick us up so she drove sam home too. a bit uncomfortable.

 HAHA

 what an exciting after school time.

 i got my dinner at fazolis and miles was working the drive-thru but he i guess he didnt see me cause i was in the backseat. i also saw sugg. thats one good-looking restaurant, fazolis.

 Quote of the Day daVIP101: a challenge to keep my pants from flyin off

 i was doing my math homework in espanol and not exactly paying attention and then i just caught a bit of what ms. taylor was saying and it was something about rap music. so i started listening and they were talking about how words have changed meaning. like gay used to mean happy, certain words used in rap music used to mean female dog and how terrible it is that these words have become so common and it doesnt affect people when they are used nowadays. and it really is true. you walk down the hallway in jacobs and you can hear just about every swear word ever created but no one really seems to understand what they are saying. or that it is a sin.

 tomorrow i will be wearing my orange pants and red shoes. i will be totally stylin'. haha yes. today was pretty lame again. jeff showed meghan and me his skate video thing. and i told matt that i want to marry jon. it was funny. my bus didnt come till 3:30. it was painfully cold outside too. but while we were waiting me and natalie and katarina were watching the band and tom waved at us! hurray for nice drummers!

 yay switchfoot concert in .. awhile!

 "Monkey Don't go bananas  in your former life you were a tiny monkey named Oompa. Here's what we know about you: Adorably sweet demeanor and sharp as a tack, you found success working with a street performer named Juan, who worshipped you and treated you like his own child. He bought you a gold satin jumpsuit with royal blue ruffles, a matching top hat, and a sequined bag for donations. He would play your favorite disco tunes on his accordion, prompting you to dance around and flirt with the crowd while you collected spare change and picked pockets. Everybody loved you. And you loved everybody. You and Juan took your gig around the country and raked in the riches. You were one happy little monkey."

 i cant stand people who act like they are something they arent. i dont care who you are or what you look like or what you do(or dont do) or what music you listen to or if you are a football player, writer, singer, or athlete. if you like to sing along to britney spears, sing it loud. if you have a secret love of volleyball or some other sport, play it. you dont know how much time you have left so do what you want while you still can. why do you need to act like you are really popular or really special? you can see through people like that, it's obvious. you arent any different than the rest of us. hm this stuff is nice but im not sure where it came from.

 can you please tell me what you think? just email me or talk to me online- rockout892 or califrniadrmin21 dancinkt918: ur quote of the day makes no sense cuz it is true rockout892: haha rockout892: no dancinkt918: yea they are emo dancinkt918: so ur quote is stupid rockout892: well rockout892: i disagree dancinkt918: y? rockout892: they are not emo dancinkt918: y not? rockout892: emo involves screaming rockout892: have you ever heard emo? dancinkt918: yes rockout892: what band? dancinkt918: emo does not mean screaming dancinkt918: all american rejects is emo becuase of the lyrics dancinkt918: that is what emo is rockout892: so you have heard all american rejects? thats it? dancinkt918 is away at 5:25:20 PM. rockout892: because that is not emo Auto response from dancinkt918: KURDS!!! 8-) dancinkt918 returned at 5:25:36 PM. rockout892: emo is my chemical romance and afi rockout892: stuff like that dancinkt918 is away at 5:25:59 PM. dancinkt918 returned at 5:26:03 PM. dancinkt918: it is a kind of emo dancinkt918: emo is emotional rockout892: yes rockout892: i know that rockout892: all music is emotional rockout892: but not all music is emo dancinkt918: i just read two seconds ago that rejects is emo and idie rock dancinkt918: boo ya in the toaster! dancinkt918: *indie rockout892: where dancinkt918: idk a site dancinkt918: :-P rockout892: hm rockout892: okay rockout892: no dancinkt918: what rockout892: they are not emo dancinkt918: u don t even kno emo rockout892: you can think that rockout892: i dont care rockout892: i cant change your mind dancinkt918: u think ur so musical but ur not dancinkt918: ur think ur punk but ur not dancinkt918: ur think ur rock but ur not dancinkt918: ur poppy rockout892: okay? dancinkt918: :-P rockout892: is that supposed to offend me? dancinkt918: no rockout892: then what is that supposed to do/mean dancinkt918: jsut getting things straight rockout892: so i am "poppy"? rockout892: what exactly is poppy dancinkt918: idk ur it rockout892: hm rockout892: alright then dancinkt918: http://www.delafont.com/Rock2.htm go here dancinkt918: :-Pbrb rockout892: yeah whatever dancinkt918: go there dancinkt918: did u? rockout892: i am dancinkt918: ok dancinkt918: ? rockout892: yes? rockout892: that website also calls good charlotte ska and green day punk-pop rockout892: it says incubus is rap-rock dancinkt918: mayb it is rockout892: No dancinkt918: u think ur soooo smart dancinkt918: dont u? rockout892: no rockout892: i think i have an opinion dancinkt918: u dont? dancinkt918: ok well if it is an opinion u can't say my or anyone elses is wrong rockout892: then dont accuse me of being all of those things you said before rockout892: and attack my opinion rockout892: and me dancinkt918: w/e i didn't attack ur opinio dancinkt918: u dont have one dancinkt918: 8-) rockout892: yes i do rockout892: my opinion is that all american rejects is not emop dancinkt918: it is not really ur opinoin rockout892: *emo rockout892: yes it is rockout892: dont tell me what my opinion is or isnt dancinkt918: u wouldn't kno emo if it smacked u in the face with a see saw dancinkt918 is away at 5:38:14 PM. dancinkt918 returned at 5:38:19 PM. rockout892: maybe dancinkt918: bye dancinkt918 signed off at 5:38:28 PM.

 Quote of the Day dancinkt918: all american rejects is emo

 ah the beauty of jon and his music

 "Growing on Me" The Darkness I can't get rid of you I don't know what to do I don't even know who is growing on who Cos everywhere I go you're there Can't get you out of my hair Can't pretend I don't care- it's not fair I'm being punished for all my offences I wanna touch you but I'm afraid of the consequences I wanna banish you from whence you came But you're part of me now And I've only got myself to blame You're really growing on me (or am growing on you?) You're really growing on me (or am I growing on you) Any fool can see Sleeping in an empty bed Can't get you out of my head I won't have a life until you're dead Yes you heard what I said I wanna shake you off but you just won't go And you're all over me but I don't want anyone to know That you're attached to me, that's how you've grown Won't you leave me, leave me, leave me alone

 i was trying to talk my parents into letting me go to sandblast but the outlook looks bad because we are supposed to be in the flair. i wanted to go alot. there is still hope.

 it would be great if i was poetic. i would constantly be writing. ive tried and its terribly bad. oh well.

 today at chuch it was the middle school play. p. mike wasnt there so me and shaina did the beginning of the service. i got to say the confession and forgiveness part. it was really cool to do that and realize you are telling these people about God and helping them to forgive themselves and realize that God forgives them too. it was pretty amazing.

 i give up. ill be at church in the morning. bright and a bit too early.

 i dont know what to do. no one is on but i dont really want to go to bed. its only 9:30 for crying out loud!

 its such a fine line between stupid and clever--spinal tap

 oh, nice, i got my pictures of the band and that one with the bassist of david crowder.. pictures are wonderful

 i want to talk to someone, anyone, but no one is on.

 you know, i will just put the link of the rest of the quotes on here- urlLink http://home.att.net/~quotesexchange/love1.html

 wow wonderful quote i just found- "There's nothing in this world so sweet as love. And next to love the sweetest thing is hate." --Henry Wadsworth Longfellow

 Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always perseveres. Love never fails. 1 Corinthians 13: 4-8

 im in a very blah mood. i dont really have any strong feelings for anything. i feel like i need to do something with my life instead of just sitting around on the computer and worrying about unimportant little events or stuff i want. i dont understand what i am supposed to do though. but i know i gotta do something. i just have this feeling that i need to do something and do it now. i think this is really interesting, maybe its God trying to tell me something. i need to think..

 Quote of the Day "America is hug deprived, unlike Italy" Miles

 aw man i need a quote of the day and i didnt talk to anyone but my family.

 i have quite a bit to say .. my mom and brother and me went to this mall in chicago because we had gift cards that could only be used there. the mall was pretty stupid though because it did not have any good stores. so i ended up getting a skirt, a pair of shorts, a magazine for spring break, a book about guitars to read on the plane, and the darkness CD. then i had to buy with my money switchfoot CD and jet CD. im listening to jet right now. its pretty good stuff. anyways i bought a watch and then a bit ago i bought amazingly cool shoes. they are red converse high tops. i already like them. oh yeah, i went to the thrift store too. that place is crazy. i got a backstreet boys tshirt, this black shirt with a fish on it and it says something about reading, a shirt about jesus and orange pants. they are pretty darn cool. i saw some red pleather pants there and i laughed. i got some pearls too. haha. i will be styling on monday. yes and my film is being developed as i type this. yay. i got the blindside CD too but i might take it back because i have gift cards at borders and i could easily buy it there but i dont know if they have it. but i heart blindside.

 my eyes wont stay focused..

 rockout892: too much thinking irishdancin83: haha irishdancin83: im sry irishdancin83: i stop thinkin at this time of night rockout892: i try to rockout892: and then i end up thinking waaay too much irishdancin83: haha ya me too irishdancin83: i either think not at all or way too much rockout892: grr or if i cant fall asleep rockout892: i think alot about everything rockout892: and its bad irishdancin83: ya

 rockout892: im feel like my brain is rockout892: on fire or something rockout892: its making me tingle irishdancin83: haha hmmmm rockout892: i dont liek it rockout892: ahh rockout892: its like getting the chills for a few minutes straight irishdancin83: ugh i hate getting the chills when im not cold or scared... rockout892: yeah rockout892: agggh rockout892: its still going irishdancin83: haha thats crazy

 ha great party. i heart ashby furlough (well mostly jon since he isnt married)

 haha spinal tap.. great movie "We've got Armadillos in our trousers. It's really quite frightening."

 my computer is once again not working so i am blessed enough to have to restart it probably multiple times

 blah an hour till party time

 please click on this pretty link that i made for you~~> it says "email me! please?" and then send me an email about how you like me so much. i would love you forever if you did..

 haha today in espanol after going to the bathroom for 12 minutes i wandered off when we were leaving and i dont really know where i was going and then katarina thought i was on drugs so i got her to actually believe it. the bad thing is that uhh she thought i was on drugs when i thought it was obvious that i dont so maybe i look like i do? ahh im thinking too much into things again.....

 Quote of the Day "i just want to go up to him, hug him, and say everything's okay now" betsy

 i dont know if i do or i dont.. and i need to decide..

 ha i smiled at sugg since he was by himself but i guess he didnt see me or decided he wanted to pretend he didnt see me. it was fun though.

 at flex today, me and meghan and betsy (when she came) decided to wave at people since we sit at the top of a stairway. jacobians did not seem to like that. we got flicked off, most people thought we were waving at someone else, and the rest gave us dirty looks. a small number actually waved back or said something. most of those people we knew. it shows how nice people are, doesnt it?

 yeah party at my house tonight.. i think that everyone should come.

 "i may not ever talk again online"

 i need sleep so i dont die tomorrow of illness at jacobs.

 Califrniadrmin21 [9:45 PM]: do your kneecaps look like chinese babies? dancinkt918 [9:45 PM]: yes Califrniadrmin21 [9:45 PM]: why chinese babies? dancinkt918 [9:45 PM]: they do Califrniadrmin21 [9:45 PM]: does a chinese baby look different from a spanish baby? dancinkt918 [9:46 PM]: well a chinese baby has squinting eyes Califrniadrmin21 [9:46 PM]: oh Califrniadrmin21 [9:46 PM]: your kneecaps have eyes?! dancinkt918 [9:46 PM]: squint ones Califrniadrmin21 [9:46 PM]: wow dancinkt918 [9:47 PM]: yes

 haha the smoke detector just went off in my house because my dad light a fire in the fireplace but the vent was closed

 man where is everybody?? im real hungry right now.. yes i cant wait for the music-movie-watching night tomorrow..it will be grand. and then saturday i get to go shopping at this mall in chicago for spring break because of gift cards.. yes, good weekend..finally back to doing fun stuff. i need to get my parents to take in my film

 alright yes i figured out some stuff so check out the new colors and font. and then sign the guestbook and tell me whether or not you like it. i like it.

 #31: Sometimes when I feel like killing someone, I do a little trick to calm myself down. I'll go over to the person's house and ring the doorbell. When the person comes to the door, I'm gone, but you know what I've left on the porch? A jack-o'-lantern with a knife in the side of its head with a note that says "You." After that, I usually feel a lot better, and no harm done.

 went to betsys and smoked a little salt..not exactly at all. ha no there was no smoking. we are good. we relived good times though, natalie saw aj at taco bell. i also accidently spoke german and taught betsy - "estafo en el bano, por favor?" haha such fun. many a good time have been.... luckily, since i was the sweater.

 luckily, since i was the sweater

 everyone should call me right now because i want to talk to you. yes, you. (insert overly-excited announcer voice) but wait, there's more! if you call within the next weekend, you will get to hang out with me! because, quite simply, i have no life! (end announcer voice.)

 ah i feel like i have my contacts in except that i don't have them anymore. yeah hard lenses are painful. don't get them. ah why does it feel like this!

 today the girl i sit next to in orchestra informed me that she believes she is turning into the devil. she said mostly because her eyes turn red. i was a little frightened by the fact i could possibly have contact with satan. i don't really like satan.

 those black jeans have lasted me since 7th grade..amazingly they are 3's and yet they fit. red shoes are the coolest of the shoe world. red shoes are owned by many people who are amazing-- for instance, jon foreman; jon troast; miles pfefferle; betsy melchers; meghan barrett; matt bruner used to until he got his new ones. i personally have red shoes but don't consider myself amazing. also today a boy was wearing a neon green suit jacket at jacobs, the same suit jacket i almost bought at the thrift store last time i went there. i tried it on but it was large and it reflected neon-ness onto my face and made me look sick all the time.

 Favorite Pants That I Own 3.) black jeans i wore yesterday 2.) dark blue jeans 1.) orange ones

 currently everyone's gone. betsy's at band, meggie's going to the trailer, katy's sick. wah so sad. i need my MP3. me encanta mi los pantalones. el es anaranjado. hm i hope that's right. looks like it is. oh well!

 ah i had a funny conversation from last night and now i don't know where it went. those darn conversations, always running off on me.

 Quote of the Day "Luckily, i Was the sweater"

 hmm well ive been trying to make a new screename but my computer is so stupid that it doesnt work. anyways..jacobs is so _______ (insert any word that means bad) i hope miles goes to the film festival but i don't think he will be able to. i don't exactly know. oh good gracious i've misplaced the swindling !!!!!!!! ah i hope i didnt leave it on the bus.....oh dear.. this could be bad...

 term papers make me angry. i don't see the point in jacobs. at least i will eat dinner soon.

 you see i don't belong here. no i don't belong here. i will carry a cross and a song where i don't belong. but i don't belong

 ha me: so i was feeding the dogs and i shut the garage door with a chunging kick because i didnt have any free hands and then a picture fell off a wall and broke and i had to clean up the glass and vacuum me: :-( not fun betsy: whoa betsy: that sounds like intense chunging

 Quote of the Day rockout 892: smiley faces in IMs make me so incredibly happy but i do not know why rockout 892: but only when other people send me them

 i don't like when people think it's a funny thing to be mean to you and then be like "HA I'm just kidding, i didn't mean it, HA Wasn't that just so hilarious?" and i'm thinking "i need a pumpkin and a knife" (deep thoughts by jack handey). it really is not funny to tell somebody you hate them or hate the band they like or call them satan just to see what they do. it makes me upset cuz mostly i cant tell if someone's kidding or not. hmm i want to do something today since its 2 and im home and bored. but i have to return to jacobs tomorrow and i really really really don't want to.

 i'm glad that this all isn't as bad as i thought. early release today because of incredibly useless testing. i hate testing. i especially hate jacobs. i brought my chung stick. i almost used it but i didnt. i might need it though, you never know when the next swindling could happen. ha swindling. what a word.

 ohhh man. i cannot even begin to describe how this night has gone. i want miles to know that i care so much for him, along with many other people, and i desperately hope he is okay. i wish i knew where he was. i can't even begin to think about what will happen next because it hurts too much. i considered posting some things i wrote at impact but i am not. come rescue me, oh Lord

 gr my brother who should be at school isn't because he is "sick". sick with what, i don't know. i would call it i'm-a-lazy-fat-kid-who-can't-stand-when-my-sister-gets-things-so-i-must-make-her-life-miserable-itis. tis a terrible disease. truly sad.

 man i wish i was rich so i could buy all the CD's i want.. i would have millions of CDs..i would always have music to suit my mood.

 Quote of the Day "Those ones aren't cute, just the little ones that are like "Mehhh i'm a monkey"

 i'm trying to write my animal farm essay from that scary sub man and i don't have three reasons and its pointless because kobza probably wont even count it. growl.

 slept in till 11, ate a strange pop tart, betsy called, trying desperately to make this shindig work, dunno what's going to happen. i want to go buy lots and lots of cards. and then send them. i also hope that miles and jon come to betsy's today..! i don't know what going to happen though.

 me: ooh i feel like such a little rebel, its 10:30 and im online betsy: yeah me: on a tuesday betsy: haha betsy: yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah me: =-O watch out world me: i'm bad

 #22: In weightlifting, I don't think sudden, uncontrolled urination should automatically disqualify you.

 it was a beautiful letdown when i crashed and burned when i found myself alone unknown and hurt it was a beautiful letdown the day i knew that all the riches this world had to offer me would never do in a world full of bitter pain and bitter doubt i was trying so hard to fit in, fit in, until i found out i don't belong here i don't belong here I will carry a cross and a song where I don't belong but i don't belong it was a beautiful letdown when you found me here yeah for once in a blue moon i see everything clear i'll be a beautiful letdown that's what i'll forever be and though it may cost my soul i'll sing for free we're still chasin our tails and the rising sun in our dark water planet still spins in a race where no one wins and no one's one I don't belong here I don't belong here i'm gonna set sight and set sail for the kingdom come Your kingdom come won't you let me down yeah let my foolish proud forever let me down easy living, not much like your name easy dying, you look just about the same won't you please take me off your list easy living please come on and let me down we are a beautiful letdown, painfully uncool, the church of the dropouts and losers and sinners and failures and the fools oh what a beautiful letdown are we salt in the wound let us sing one true tune I don't belong here I don't belong here I don't belong here Feels like I don't belong here Let me down Let me down Feels like I'm letdown Let me down. Cuz I don't belong here Please Won't you let me down?

 ah i wish jacobs could be taken down with a single chung and that i would never ever have to go there again and miles could come back. i just don't understand how people can be so stupid and ignorant. miles please call me back.. i hope and pray that everything will be okay in the end, that this is supposed to happen, that it will all make sense in the end. right now i am not too sure. i don't really have much information but from what i have heard and read this is all such nonsense. i just want to know if everything's okay.

 beautiful letdown yet again

 okay. so i dont really know what to say because my thoughts are mixed up. school was stupid and boring. and then after school as soon as i walked in.. mom "so were people nice or mean?" me "What ?!" "about miles" "he wasnt there" "well i know" "why would they say anything?" "since he's expelled and all.." "WHHHAAT???!!!" "you mean you didn't know?" "NO" "oh." not very fun. so i called betsy. and miles. we walked a little and drew parks drove by in his minivan again but he was with someone, we believe to be greg, and it scared us. im tired of talking already. everyone call me. i want to talk to people.

 Quote of the Day "this whole thing makes my heart hurt. not literally, i mean like my emotional heart"

 i'm not really thinking straight so i'm not going to post until later tonight/tomorrow. i apologize but i don't want to say the wrong things.

 ohh i hope our wednesday plans work out as planned. i think i will like wednesday. ha

 Ah. walking was far too cold so we went to b's house for a bit. watched some films. ha and then i was analyzing conversations whilst being upside down. fun stuff. i suppose. so then i was in trouble cuz it was like 7:45 and i came to my house and ate dinner. again. and now i'm sitting here. great

 me: i like popsicles miles: I like them until they melt and drip sticky sugar all over my hand leaving me with an empty sticky hand holding a small wooden stick

 i told a certain greg that i liked his shoes and he said "good". so i gave him a look of disgust and after a bit he said thanks. i don't understand why he is so mean to people.

 Quote of the Day "books suck"

 so back to jacobs once again. i'm just glad theres a break in the middle of the week. for us freshman at least. english was frightening. we had to watch the animal farm movie. orchestra was different. i was lucky enough to be told from someone how the orchestra room will be burned with everyone in it. except me and the person who told me. because i talk to her. flex was boring, had to ask questions about term paper. math was stupid. spanish was sleeping because we had to do one very simple vocab worksheet the whole entire block. i was peacefully trying to sleep when i suddenly hear "the past does not exist. the future does not exist. time does not exist." and then there was a loud discussion between a few people about this. for a very long time. and i really didn't want to think deeply at that moment so i just plugged my ears so that it sounded like i was underwater. and then afterschool katy was being strange. and now i'm here.

 PH 536: my hermit crabs are talking to eachother rockout 892: hahahaha rockout 892: what are they saying PH 536: hermit crab code

 me: they think i have emotional problems from all of this betsy: yeah betsy: more than us me: i don't really think i have emotional problems me: i just hate jacobs alot more

 ahh miles i don't know what i would do if you get expelled..you are so special..and i wouldn't have a buddy on thursdays anymore.. :(

 sunday stew is coming................................!

 i got a boatload of pictures of whales in an email today. they are cool. whales are cool.

 my parents cleaned the carpets in my house and everything is wet and cold. it don't like it at all. they did my bedroom but i have to go in it to sleep and such so i don't really know how that's gonna work. oh well i guess. i will just make a pathway of towels. including my power rangers beach towel. awesome.

 well i'm done now. not exactly. i don't know what the conclusion is so i didnt do that. but anyways. sunday stew is on tonight. i love bam margera. my printer is making me really angry because it doesnt work. and if it does work, it messes up. this day has been lazy and boring. at least its raining. i love the rain. nobody's really talking to me either. no one ever really talks to me online cept my good friends. i suppose those are the only people i actually want to talk to though. hm.

 ahh man i have to do my term paper for ingles and i really don't want to at all..!

 at church, matt thorsen said goodbye to me and his whole family was there and i was thinking about how him and brittany used to be my best friends.. we would always go to each others houses and our moms would babysit each other's kids. it was so great. i loved it. but then suddenly it just kinda stopped. they moved closer to us and we went swimming alot there and sledding in the backyard..ha good times.. but then like i don't even know what happened but we just didn't get together anymore. it's actually quite sad how that happens. you just grow apart and that's it. i miss our good times of barbies and duke nuke-em and ice skating on the pool and concussions while sledding.

 well my taco bell wish was fulfilled except it was today for lunch. church was blah, its hard to listen. i feel bad but i usually don't understand what p.mike's saying or it is something that i don't think about like taking care of my kids. considering i don't have any. sometimes i wish that i could have timber-lee experiences about once a month but then i figured they wouldn't mean as much if they happened that often. the reason they are so great is because they happen once, maybe twice a year depending on how much we go. it makes it that much better.

 oohhh man taco bell sounds so good right now..there was a commercial for my favorite taco.. now im hungry, but im going to sleep i guess. since there isnt anything else to do. adios amigos

 man that commercial for six flags with that old guy..it cracks me up everytime. my parents think im weird for laughing but seriously it is hilarious

 yay

 betsy: what if i got my nose pierced too and then me and aaron started going out then one time when we were making out they got hooked together me: haaaaaaa me: that would be amazing betsy: its a very nice thought to think me: oh yeah me: definently me: oh man i would not mind that at all betsy: haha i would enjoy it so much that i might start crying me: yeah me: definently me: aw that would be so cool

 ha i emailed aaron marsh and asked him if he was swedish but he said he was usa born and raised. my friends were over, there was an attack, we listened to music and went online and played moods and watched "rock star" on VH1. tis a good movie.

 "they should have swedish men come in a little bag, like swedish fish"

 yay party at my house

 daVIP101: yes... man i probly sound like gay or sumthin rockout 892: haha no daVIP101: "i have to go shopping" daVIP101: :-* rockout 892: hahaha daVIP101: omg, like check out this outfit... it is SO my personality

 you should go urlLink here and vote for the amazing, wonderful, beautiful, and special copeland video "walking downtown" . you can watch it there too, but vote for it. now.

 we need a swedish exchange student. those swedish are so amazing. i heart sweden. i think i am swedish too.

 Quote of the Day "u act like ur a 20000 chapter book"

 i wish i was doing something today..i will end up just doing my rough draft for the term paper. ugh.

 so now that the record collection will be able to be used again, i'm going to have a record-listening-to party and you are all invited..even though i have no idea when it will be. but you are coming.

 pancakes and bacon

 i love the thrift store and no amount of attacking by "SOMEONE" will change that. also, i'm not poor.

 why don't people go online anymore?

 man i really wanted to go to the thrift store. now i dont know when we will. hopefully sunday otherwise i don't know

 we also saw a funny 80's man with tight khackis and a neon blue shirt. and bad hair. he was old. ha i laugh thinking about it

 Quote of the Day Until I Remember the one from School-time "my brain is broken. seriously it doesnt work after school is over"

 ha that song isnt even on dark side of the moon, it just makes me think of jacobs and my feelings towards it.

 "We don't need no education We don't need no thought control No dark sarcasm in the classroom Teachers leave the kids alone Hey teacher leave us kids alone All in all you're just another brick in the wall All in all you're just another brick in the wall" --pink floyd

 this CD is honestly the weirdest thing ive heard in awhile but i enjoy it alot

 walking is now a sort of routine. we barely even walk anymore. we just sit. i'm listening to pink floyd "dark side of the moon" CD right now. its some cool stuff. i havent really posted anything today but i dunno what to say. in math this girl i don't really like said 'i have that shirt' to me and then this other boy put his hand on my shoulder and said 'don't worry, it looks much better on you' and then the girl kicked him. i said thank you. after school this hot man had no shirt on. me and betsy walked home simply because we hate the bus. it was a little difficult with my clogs but i managed. i just got back from the mall, i didn't really buy anything cept food. luckily we didnt really see anyone we knew either. we just sorta wandered in and out of stores. i posed in the bathroom and on the escalator. it was fun. and then me and betsy were bouncing along and meggie joined in and it was great fun. this CD is quite weird. a worker in pacsun thought betsy forgot her size. but we were just petting clothes. nothing to worry about. ha

 our tree hugging walk is falling apart again and now we mayn't go to the thrift store and ahh im sad

 urlLink click for a random deep thought

 A Thought For Earth Day (and then i will post no more) "If trees could scream, would we be so cavalier about cutting them down? We might, if they screamed all the time, for no good reason"

 on my computer webpages magically disappear.

 "#34: If I ever opened a trampoline store, I don't think I'd call it Trampo-Land, because you might think it was a store for tramps, which is not the impression we re trying to convey with our store. On the other hand, we would not prohibit tramps from browsing, or testing the trampolines, unless a tramp's gyrations seemed to be getting out of control." random deep thought.

 "As I recall with my stomach turning I was hiding away from myself, away from you Like nothing, though something was terribly wrong And I admit that I was only waiting for the right time Night time, the right moment for you to look away Though you never did, I pretended for a while So I could walk where I don't belong And I remember every word you said Come back in time, come back And I remember I would soon be dead Now so pitiful, so pitiful But I know as I hammered those nails into your beautiful hands Your eyes still try to search for mine, but I look away Now your eyes are the only thing that can save me I'm still so afraid of them piercing You're breaking into my prison Just pretended for a while My soul is dying I won't look away And I remember every word you said... I'll remember every word you said This time I won't look away" __blindside

 another unsuccessful walk. doesn't mean it wasnt fun though. hugged a nice tree. twas incredibly cold. im a little numb in the fingertips. my mood ring is black. i'm listening to the amazing blindside. i hope very much that i will get to see them in june. since i cannot go to cornerstone. ah but next year i already informed my parents that i will be going, either cornerstone or sandblast. cause i will be in texas this year. who cares about texaS? i sure don't

 El caminar en diez minutos

 i tried to be a hippie today it being earth day and all but it didn't really work.

 Quote of the Day "Thrift stores are made to smell. They have clothes that other people wore. If you smell your own clothes, they smell like you. So when you combine all those smells into one massive smell, you get the the thrift store stink."

 man i left 2 of my books at school so i cant use page numbers. oh well. i miss the thrift store. i need to go back. i think i shall this weekend even if it requires me walking.

