 You probably don't know this but I am working on a web site! Here are the contents:Lain- ep guide, series review,art. Akira-review. PRincess mononoke and spirited away reviews. And of course love hina:ep guide (tv,then movies then love hina again. Before that manga 12-14 manga guide as well. art. Reviews of lh stuff: specials, series overall, manga series overall. Of course the site will not be completed till 2004 in terms of lh stuff. Other anime will likely be added. Art by me send yours though. Links:ar.net,ann,anipike,animehit,animenation,animecastle,advfilms,bandai,love hina sites galore! Thats it! Look for it someday! (very early now)

 Hey see that banner above? Well they have anime dvd for cheap! Like all 25 eps of love hina for 40$ hears the catch though I know nothing about them. And am guessing this is fan stuff, import or something you know bootleg. I wish I had the cash and guts to try and order it (plus the flicks spring and xmas only like 12$ a piece) any way just a warning.

 Okay remember I told you that an employee of the spja was up to know good. Against the fans. WEll apparently he was an ex so it may have not been true but I still don't trust them!

 About time to go to bed got my fan fic for techtv done! Try to get it here if I don't win. Also look me up on animefu.com I am lovehinaotaku

 Reason I mentioned animenation urlLink is this they had john (of the ask john column) go on the pop japan otaku trip tons of photos and stuff to see! HE also has a column q on ronins (not just love hina!)

 HEy I noticed something animecastle is cheaper than animenation! I can get (you as well) sakura diaries box set for 35$ at ac vs 40 $ at an. Love hina dvds are about 3$ less a piece at ac as well. I am so bumed # 10 of love hina is out and I am only ready to read 6 ! BY late june I should have read 7-9 and watched sakura diaries (whole)

 Want animewallpaper? Go to animewallpapers.com!

 Have you ever seen or heard of Burn up excess (and its jiggle meter) well I just finished the series (4 vol. dvd) Verdict: Rental. As for love hina manga 4 & 5 awesome of course! Looking forward to: getting six (very soon) seven through nine by june 1 also am looking into sakura diaries. Now to work on my fan fic! Oh see projectnoir.com its been updated.

 Also see animeondvd.com for news/reviews and and anime-reviews.net is back up!

 Animeunleashed (techtv ) is haveing a fan fic contest for lain vs lame chick from crest of stars. I am entering and may get (if not win) it on fanfic.net or here. I am sorry about the love hina stuff not being done. An anime a day will keep the doctor awaY!

 Hey check out the new anipike! It is redesigned has reviews and a column by John mays of ann. Also it seems cn (cartoon network) is not showing new eps (episodes) of kenshin for awhile. Oldies (1-30) for now! Send them hate mail! Also I got my love hina manga (4 & 5) let you know what I think.

 Yeah I am getting ranma 1/2 manga 1! Will let you know if I like it. Also so far I have enjoyed the love hina manga (way more than the dvd series) and am getting #4.

 Hey new blog all otaku! All the time so lets get started with this anime thing! An otaku is a fan of something (anime in particular) anime is a very artisic creative orignial (or not) form of animation done in japanese style, Check out these fave sites of mine! Animeinfo.org (ranma rules) animehit.com (good source) and also see animenewsnetwork.com for news and reviews! see my old blog for a bit more! thedeepthinker.blogspot.com My fave anime include: noir, ranma, and many films! My absolute fave is love hina! See hinalove or love hina google search. Also manga are black and white comics (pretty thick) with the distinctive style read backwords. Also see animecastle.com to do some shopping look for the following in the future: snack review, debates etc. more links

 Ha! I told you saiyuki was only a rental! Animenewsnetwork.com agrees. Also I recently checked out landlock, excellent film definetly worthy a rental (or watch at sputnik7.com) great film! I also took the time to watch sword for truth, cool and action packed short though and could have done fine without the sex scenes it contained. Note: You will need a fast connection and media player, for animatrix:quicktime 6, for the films at sputnik7.com you need windows media player or real player. Also don't forget armitage 3 tonight on techtv!

 Knowledge is more powerful than any force. THe mind is the ultimate weapon. (zen)

 Hey finally watched saiyuki, heres the verdict: good animation some good action and design. A bit much language and it seems aimed a little towards females. Also ever want free streamable anime? Sure. Well see sputnik7.com they have orgus 02 vol.1 & 2 & 3 also landlock vol.1&2 and more.

 Please teacher! Is also known as onegai teacher onegai means please in japanese. There are twelve episodes.(hmm, 3or 4 volumes?)

 Blog like mad! I am. Anyway new series out called please teacher, looks worthy a test. See pleaseteacher.net for info on plot,characters, and a trailer. Out some places, Others next week, thats when I get it.

 Finally done working! Sorry review and all of saiyuki tomorrow. Hey want the anime network in your town (i do) see theanimenetwork.com or advfilms.com and fill out the form!

 I do not think I will buy from discountanimedvd.com (bootlegs). Be warned (you have). Also as promised saiyuki later and also note armitage polymatrix is on techtv this friday! Also see ar.net its visible and updated! (will soon be further updated via my ep guide info!) new reviews from the guys already up.

 Hey! Well I am looking into getting my bro the entire trigun series from discountanimedvd.com (only 40$$$) but is it english dubbed? IF you know anything (including about this co. let me know) I know they advertise on my site! But hell. Also watched dual! last night, not bad worth watching. Not buying though! Saiyuki later..

 Ever play sonic? sega g, dc, nintendo gc, gba? Well I played and beat them on genesis and dc now they have sonic for the new tungsten pdas (20$) and lots of games coming! I still havent played since 2 on dc!

 Also I still have gotten no mail saying hey heres some money just hate mail etc. well sorry! But you can still donate, its for a good cause! Speaking of love hina tokyomint statues (3 more this summer but you knew that) well now a mitsune is to be release in october! I like mitsune (not as much as naru). WHich reminds me all the good stuff (except for mitsune who is great) is always gone that sucks! Also on the sam note two more statues will be released after mitsune. Hmm. Keitaro and mutsumi? WHat about a combo of say seta and sarah though? Won't get any anyway :(

 NExt on my taste list (along with more of the usaul) is grean tea pocky! Also coming tomorrow sayuiki dvd review.

 Milk pocky? Yep. Hey you know that stuff I like sapporo ichiban noodles? Or todays pocky? Well you can get the noodles and the pocky (in a bundle pack) for cheap at us.yesasia.com great site for j-pop and anime as well kind of a asian amazon.com

 Update: Rurouni Kenshin is to be realeased by viz (ranma, utena). WHo says they have it licensed but are not sure what will happen: could be in shonen jump,could be released as graphic novel manga or both! (animenewsnetwork.com and viz.com) Also ever have pocky? Alll otaku's should at least have it once! I just tried it for first time (choc, strawberry) excellent!. And affordable. (see anywhere that sells anime pretty much) Note:see thedeepthinker.blogspot.com

 Man I would love to own any of three naru statues but they are 129$$$ if you would like to give me yours or donate $$$ let me know! Also rurouni Kenshin the manga is to appear in shonen jump usa! (gonna have to check that out.)

 Hey fellow otaku's! New anime on tv! Dual! Parallel debuts on techtv tomorrow. I wonder if it is good? Cause so far the only anime I like on ttv is lain. I'll let you know. Also,man love hina is popular! The collectibles are sold out all over only certain stuff remains! Plenty manga and dvds though! Also looking for some photos of ladies on the streets of japan etc see japanesestreets.com oh and think you would miss nothing of the states in Japan? Well what about peanut butter,root beer and beloved cereals. Hardly found in Japan and disliked.

 Yay the magic users club was released on dvd! Just kidding actually this show is as bad as they get not even on the rental shelf (i say this rarely).animecastle.com has it, but don't get it!

 Red faction 2 is very cool. Gaming is cool. Looking for hard to find games or imports? Anime etc. check out videogamedepot.com and for stuff (particularly comics game based-funny!) see pennyarcade.com

 HEy not just anime and all games to latest: red faction 2 (xbox) great fps! Look into it. See redfaction2.com for more

 ar.net has everything up and running and will soon have the email newsletter up. THe quiz/column section will be up monday. Also check out the sfgate.com (sfchronicle site) and look for the editorial on american imagination and spirited away. Most everything in there is true. Imagination is dying creativity is dying and will eventually die away completely I mean look at disney, and all this other shit we call american pop culture, I am ashamed! Oh few comments though:on the whole artsy front I am not fond of this whole label's thing artsy? OR goth, how about pervert!? No. Anime is for all. For all who enjoy a good piece of art (and it is art) and story creativity etc. (note:not all anime is good.) Also big note: Rurouni Kenshin will return in June on the 9th to be exact. Peace :)

 Man I have got to get the japanese import of soul calibur 2 for gc! But it is 60$ plus I need some 30$ software so it will work on my gc! 90$! Guess I will have to wait. :( Also megatokyo has a funny new e3 comic on the site:megatokyo.com

 I am also available at the anihina forum. As animaniac. Also lain is back on techtv. Have a nice weekend! :)

 As you have noticed I have banner ads for bootleg anime. WEll I am actually going to try it out and pic up afew and let you know about service and quality of discountanimedvd.com I will be ordering lain the boxset for only 25$ thats 1/4 the regular price! And two dvd films only the price of one! IF I decide I like them more orders and awareness could take place :) Also Rahxephon, was ok. Didn't watch past first ep though.

 I now have 8 love hina manga 3 chobits manga, 3 dvds, 2 posters and playing cards anime related collection! By the end of the year: 14 love hina & iro hina, 8 chobits, what other manga? And Grave of fireflies, wrath of the ninja, and if possible at least the last two love hina series dvds and both films (all series would be cool) Also important note: vandread sucks!

 I am a new member to the ar.net and ann forums I am animaniac at both. Also no please teacher in my area! But hey I rented Rahxephon and vandread so look forward to that. And also got 3 mor love hina manga. Gotta go!

 A man who seeks revenge should start by digging to graves. (todays zen)

 I may be getting please teacher so look for my comments! Also indeed ar.net has the stuff on the newsletter up!

 Anime-reviews.net has updated adding some reviews and lots of episode guides (from me :) ) so look into it. Also they are starting a weekly column and a news letter, more to come.

 Remember I told you about the love hina eps at finalanime-x.com? Well I've watched 11 and hey okay! The guy who runs the site said it should all be done by the end of this week or something! Also ever wonder whats hot in japan? Well if so see tvtokyo.co.jp or search for it. Right now yugi-oh & pokemon are still big. But naruto is another. Naruto is an manga (gn and shonen jump, manga avialable in u.s shonen jump) is also an anime on tv tokyo and is avialable on dvd at yesasia.com and a game is also out for gc availbale at videogamedepot.com have yet to enjoy any of this though.

 Remember to see my other blog at thedeepthinker.blogspot.com and hey send me mail at: joshdollins@cableone.net

 Hey ever wonder what girl you should go with, in the anime world? Well I say go to otaku.com I took the quiz and was told my girl would be belldandy! I also took a quiz on anime stereotype or something. I am the strong quite fantasy male! That is good looking and fangirls will write about! But apparently I am gay or at least bisexual?! Check it out. Also ever want to see the love hina japanese import episodes? Well get them at finalanime-x.com (sadly in poor quality).

 I blog alot huh? Anyway get this recently heard some army dudes got their a$$'s kicked by a geek group at e3 playing america's army pc game! Also I have found the kenshin movie (not x) available bootleg import at discountanimedvd.com for 12$ hmm.. My next anime purchase will be the animatrix and 2 manga a mag (newtype) as well as a test taste of the Japanese soda ramune! (all at animecastle.com!) Sorry for the lame info and ads! :)

 Hey heres my so so lain fan fic that was rejected by ttv. I am not very good at fan fic and I admit that the winners are superior to mine. Lain vs Lafiel:The Ultimate Battle via the wired! It was late, around 2 am as usaul lain was in front of her navi on the wired.Lain had heard on the wired that a space craft and its crew was to come in.She had also heard that it was lafiel, who lain despised due to the fact that lafiel had the space ship and all it made lain jealous.And so lain decided to take out the one she wished she was, thus getting the guy (lafiels boyfriend on the ship) crew, and ship. But how? After a session of thoughtlain settled on hacking the ships system which was connected to the wired! Around 5 am lain was in the ships system via the wired. She decided to cause the controls that lafiel was using to fry her to death! And so she did, lafiel was dead! Lain could now possibly take command once the ship landed. However the ship did not land. It exploded when it landed killing everyone on board including the man and power she longed for.

 Yeah I got two new manga and spirited away, I bougth them! Also rented noir vol. 2 which is great I enjoy this series, I just hope it gets better it has potential.

 Okay get this as i told you long ago there was a lain quiz part three its on the web now at techtv.com as is a character guide,five winning fanfics (not including mine) and the show ends soon by the way. Also a show I am looking into is Silent mobius on ttv see site for details its in the afternoon. And uh.. thats all!

 Yeah I got payed! and yeay the last volume of samuria x is out. I will rent it and let you know overall what I think of the series. Also I think I will buy spirited away finally and 2 new manga. So look forward to that coverage next week and me being a happy little guy! :) Also I recently discovered xm radio has a jpop channel (i want it for summer!). Okay today is the end of e3 so keep up at the sites! And later.

 Hey new stuff to tv soon! Besides kenshin coming back to toonami in June (9th) lupin the third will show up on adult swim again and fox has announced sonic x and shaman king

 E3! Celebrities? WHo cares go to gamers.com to see the booth babes! Also a soul calibur 2 tournament has taken place go to penny arcade (wish I was in it) also sony has announced some sort of portable (not sure I care) and best of all games!:halo 2 is being shown (new screens) and halo is finally getting some coverage on pc. Ninja Gaiden and DoA are lookin good. And I am really psyched about mgs3 and onimusha 3 I am still not sure on. See game sits like:gamers.com and gamespot.com

 Yay! I found somewhere to get my anime for rent! Its way better than netflix (.com) its greencine (.com) they have tons of anime! Now if I could actually sign up (parents ) I want to rent:Excel Saga 1-6, Love hina 5 &6 plus movies and berserk 1-6! That will take,about a mont or two and I have summer coming up!

 Okay e3 has officially started! And will end on the 16th. So far all I have heard is this price drops on ps2 and xboxes of 20$ I recommend checking in on gamespot or gamers for more. Also I am still playing snk vs cap 2 eo my fave characters are:terry,kyosuke,sakura,hibiki. What are yours? joshdollins@cableone.net

 Oh and yes I have a new sponsor imaginationunlimited.net check em out!

 Hey get this a recent poll of sorts shows studio ghibli as one of the five most trusted co. in japan the poll was taken in Japan. Note: see animenewsnetwork for more.

 Man so many words but which is most important or how many exist you ask? Well the answer is simple, one: honesty

 Hey I am here yet again! Anyway I am currently looking into the matrix game thats out so look for that. And I may be seeing a movie so that to (not xmen!) and uhm also check out pennyarcade.com's comic today on the matrix and powerade!

 Also animesuki (and the software it supports) has Gundam seed as well as DNAngel. So look into that. Oh and my current fave game:capcom vs snk2 anime:love hina and wolfs rain. Noir (only seen vol 1) manga:lh and chobits later

 Yeay I will soon be able thanks to finalanime-x.com watch/ finish love hina (he is putting them in bigger sizes to! Also I just tried out wolf's rain you gotta check it out! There are alread 14 eps and way more coming see:animesuki.com and my fave fansub group:live-evil.org

 Okay time for things I dislike about anime/industry:newtypes coverage of cartoons, tokyopop's misspellings and they tend to do to much westernizing oh and there lizzie maguire cinemanga, what the hell! Also not fond of anime dvd price 24-30 bucks that sucks! Ok also I have watched munto the oav from kyotoanimation it is there first work and is not half bad see munto.com I give it 3 of 5. Note: i have not had game in awhile gonna go insane!

 Will soon have some reviews for you of fansubs! Also there are some non japanese games I am interested in:call of cthulhu looks very cool look for a author and his books called H.P. Lovecraft and the film Dagon! Also see the games site:callofcthulhu.co.uk :) also of course is halo 2. IT just seems all the other games like moh are big on the past and lack new/creativity and of course shooting people. :( but some are good.

 anime-reviews.net just added new ep guides by yours truly for astroboy and beyblade. :) as well as other stuff.

 A rather good comic for lain is up. :) at techtv.com

 Dbzb2? Yep. God no more! Please its torture!

 Bored? I am. What to do? waste time! See newgrounds.com this place is huge even on fox news and ttv sometimes but be warned some stuff is bad:hentai links,humor, and there tshirts to (although some are funny!) I recommend checking out xiao xiao games, fun! Also they have a ranma date sim sounds cool. Later.

 I am/will finish wolf' rain, such a good series go chek it out! And I may or may not another called kiddy grade which is ok. Both are at animsuki.com just download the client and you will need divx. Broadband is recomended slow. For wolf's rain get live-evil's sub and also I am looking into a film not yet here called munto I will let you know if it is worthy the dl. :) oh and remember only download stuff not yet released/licensed in the U.S! :) Peace

 Another stupid splinter cell game? yea. I mean I don't dislike us games but I just don't care for them much. IN sc's case i would rather play mgs and am more excited about new mgs games. Also whats with these lame U.S games painkiller and full spectrum or whatever? Don't care. Heres some noteworthy stuff:new xplay covering nintendo at e3, pennyarcade update, and oh yes a note divx is spyware ridden!

 Why do cosplayers have to be so ugly and look so stupid? I mean just look around the net or in the may issue of newtype. The dvd was fine now they have me wanting to finish boogiepop phantom! Its creepy and reminds me of lain. Anyway I also found out that my statements of the voice actor for haku in spirited away being a non anime fan were true! And now I need to watch lupin.

 I just checked out my first newtype mag (see newtype-usa.com or advfilms.com) I will say adv publishes it and in this issue (may) had lots of there commercials and coverage of there new and suky show saiyuki, but overall they are not very biased and I liked it. Inside the issue is stuff on the new animatrix and also a little something on chocolate by one of clamps members. I also found there info on tv anime nice sinc I am checking out fansubs. I will let you know what I think of the dvd included soon. Also coming a look at a show called munto (see munto.com) and a series called scrapped princess. :):):):):):):)

 Hey I may soon be a ttv anime network member! When I am you will see there graphic (maybe) on the site. ALso lupin the 3 is back on cn's adult swim new episodes to!

 Okay pennyarcade has some nice new e3 coverage so see it! Also the n-gage does look lame nintendo will continue to rule the market. I doubt a new neo geo (that would be sweet!) could dethrown nintendo's gba! Don't forget to watch xplay cover e3 on ttv. Out.

 Hmm.. e3 celebrities who cares! Games, are what its about! Although I won't argue on the whole boothbabes thing found more pics at xbox.com :)

 Also e3 I learned that a new game based on the Berserk anime is coming (no date set) to the ps2. THere is one already for dreamcast. OH and chek out the gamecubes answer to gunvalkryie its PNO3 from capcom.

 Kiddy grade has been licensed by funimation, so don't download anymore! Also there is another animaxis site in Japan that airs the new show ghost in the shell tv series, glad that was pointed out to me. And uh oh in addition to manga's ninja scroll tv series there is indeed ghost in the shell and shadow skill. You can find all but ghost in the shell for download let you know what I think of them soon.

 Check it out, kenshin manga coming to shonen jump in november! Also ann is back online thank god. :) And uhh oh yes check out animaxis.com they have action figures cells and best of all manga I found love hina in Japanese only 4$! Peace.

 Alright. Time to complain comic based films why so popular? Cause there american, shallow and easy to enjoy,star prett people and nice cars. Will I go see one? Hell no. WHy did keanu reeves have to be nude? Didn't. WHy did xmen have to be so big on pretty boy and the car? Didn't oh and another comment, what kinda story is that.Hulk? Ah jesus forget it. Alright why do people dislike anime but like this crap? Cause there shallow as deep as a puddle. Animation is so much more creative and mor can be done with it, and in anime (Unlike cartoons and u.s comics) you often get some good story and stuff. Matrix is by far the best of the comic crap bunch. OH and animatrix is out!

 Techtv announced in a newsletter available at techtv.com/animeunleashed that they will be showing soul taker at the end of June and Gate Keepers 21 in July. Boogiepop phantom which is alot like lain in ways gonna be great!

 Ok there is a new tokyomint love hina statue:mutsumi! Personally don't care I want naru. Oh and where is Motoko and keitaro? I want those two! Also miyazaki-san and studio ghibli have done a set of 4 commercials for japanese food co. see ann for details on this news! Oh and ar.net has improved its forums check it out. :)

 HEy I finally got my hands on the love hina spring movie Spring movie,love hina review: Video-was of great quality no complaints here :) audio:dolby is supported and the tunes are awesome! :) english dub voices I am not fond of :( story:ok. But not as complete as the manga which is the real story see #8 in particular. extras:are great you get the music videos from tv and the movie and japanese option. Notes:The film is 50 min and is directed by Yoshiayaki so an so (sorry) for more info see:lovehina.bandai-ent.com Also note Akamatsu san (original story writer and manga creator) makes an animated appearance and lends his voice to his animated self :) Overall:Not a bad film at least worth a rental if die hard like myself buy. I was not very pleased with the English voice actors at all that was the biggest let down.Story could have been better. Music nice and it was definetly funny and well animated. And little things like the menu and box were really well done. :)

 Okay gamespot's e3 awards are up! And also here are mine:multi:soul calibur 2 ps2:mgs3 gc:f zero runnerup:mario kart dd xbox:halo 2 runnerup:doom 3 Also xplay will have coverage soon on ttv. And also see oxm's new or upcoming issue with a focus on halo 2 I have yet to pick it up. :( Hope your weekend is going well! :)

 Wow tokyo has been japan's capital for 400 yrs as of now! And also check this place out yesanime.com and also in Japan they actually list those who paid most taxes:Hikaru utada and Rumiko Takahashi are among top. I like utada's tunes and RUmiko's ranma is great! Well thats it.

 Wow tokyo has been japan's capital for 400 yrs as of now! And also check this place out yesanime.com and also in Japan they actually list those who paid most taxes:Hikaru utada and Rumiko Takahashi are among top. I like utada's tunes and RUmiko's ranma is great! Well thats it.

 check out my reviews and such at techtv.com/animeunleashed. Also I updated the episode guides at anime-reviews.net and uh... bye.

 Thanks somewhat to me the au boards at ttv.com are even better have alook.

 Hey again. Shadow skill the series is not as good as oavs the tv series is a sequel which so far I give 3 of 5 pts. Also darhorse announced they will publish new manga:trigun,hellsing and a novel based on the film Ringu. Strange no word of berserk well maybe later. Or perhaps viz will pick it up?

 Hey sup. Let me just say 50 cent sucks. You want music? Yoko Kano,bob marley,311 and linkin park are good for summer among others. Also animatrix is out tommorow in fact you can even rent it off of ppv on digi cable. Oh and yes blue gender will soon be on cn as well as new kenshin and possibly new pilot canidate. Summer has begun!

 Yeah! I saw the new halo2 demo vid you can get it at ign for stream I recomend that saves hard drive space. Also look into gamers.com and gamespot.com to download. I believe a site linked at bungie.net supports bittorrent as well. :0 I Got to get the second halo book rent mc2 and preorder halo2. Yeah! later.

 Hmm.. am I still gonna or still am gaming? Well recently played the matrix game and gonna tell you its not worth buying. :( also looking into midnight club 2 on xbox man so many great things about it:4 player support,8 player online support,dolby digital,and around 30 cars. Plus no tracks completely open! Let you know how I like it. :) oh and of course the game based on the italian job.You know theres an old movie of italian job and a psone game? THere is.

 Hey hows it going. Just checked out urda, its a 3dcg anime having to do with time warps,ww2,nazis etc. I liked it (its plot was good and cool) there are five eps which = 30 mins. or so. download=100 mbs or so. see animesuki for all you need. ITs by a russian film group named romanov and was subbed by hqa (high quality anime) also risky safety (from an entertainmen,eventually 3 volumes,first volume in JUly.) has its first episode for free on net see animenation. This is another series I hope to see! :) later

 Rose of versaille I believe is a better choice for female viewers (that and its to long for me ) so there. Also I have watched the first episode of fmp (full metal panic) adv's new release which i will say is an excellent anime that is certainly worth watching! I will let you know about urda later.. :)

 Well I am currently enjoying kenshin on tv! And kikaider info is on adultswim.com its a 30's style anime with crisp clean appearance, I don't like it though. :( Also I have watched a film called black lion:from adv 45minutes in length I give it a worthy rental award! Also I am looking into and old manga/anime/opera called rose of versaille (french) let you know what I think,currently 7 eps are available from live evil of 40 in total. Also found a mini-series called urda that looks cool. Stay tuned!

 Hey! Kenshin is back on cn! ANd with what appears to be less edits! Oh and a new show I will discuss called kikaider is on adultswim tonight! Umm oh and wanna hang? go to the au boards at auniverse.net later

 Hey fellow otaku! Sorry been awhile if your looking for a good film I indeed support checking out animatrix:most of the episodes are availble for free but you also get a great documentary to watch. Make sure you have the uneducated watch by the way! Also current fave music:boA all the way new cd out called atlantis princess. See jpopnation for some mp3's later

 Hey things are going well and back up over at auniverse.net and also see animecritics.com its a cool site and uh out!

 ann is back up. Kyoto's will be down till otherwise noted k? Anyways funimation has a site (kinda) for a series they recently licensed which I enjoy (kiddy grade) it is kiddygrade.tv k? Good. Anyways other than that I don't know what else I am to say except man there are few anime shops to choose from. I think I will stick with animecastle and hastings. Also capcom and rockstar will be releasing gta 3 in Japan! OH joy! WHo cares? Well some do.

 Well sadly animenewsnetwork.com is down and kyoto's place is down! This sucks! (auniverse.net is kyoto's place). :) Full metal panic is a great series by the way I recommed checking it out!

 I forgot to say live-evil (.org) a fan sub group fave of mine has celebrated its 1 yr anniversary as of june 24th, I say congrats fellas! Note:there first series was condor hero which has seen some recent movement in there part they also released today wolf's rain 21. Anyway also check out this site:popmatters.com its cool and the column: from here to shinjuku is a must read for we otaku. :) Anyway other than that I will also say animesuki does seem to be done so try animex.com or a.scarywater.net for sub dls. :)

 Hey gueess what blogger has a new version! Its nice i like it. ANyway i have found a searchengine for blogs which I have submitted this site to just so you know oh and the site is urlLink also if you are looking for anime, I highly recommend boys be a very funny series for teen guys like myself its fun. 13 eps and there all out, I woll say the guys who subbed it could have got rid of the logo in the corner and made fewer spelling errors though.Just in case the searchengine for blogs is blogsearchengine.com

 Charlies angels animated series anime? NO. SO there anyway if interested the series (all six eps) are at animatedangels.com but be warned everything about it sucks. Anyway also for some reason reuters (news service) is calling stripperila with pamela anderson an adult animated program to air on tnn are calling it an anime, it is not. Not everything that is animated is anime. So there. Oh and the show I spoke of last is cyborg 009 and it is still on next monday on cn. :) later.

 kenshin is still going on cn at least till episode 48. Also the new bebop movie is out (and cheap at least for anime) tommorow. A new show is coming to cn called android 009 hmm.. its next monday. And uh.. yeah unless you wanna here me talk about random things and potter, goodbye!

 Hope you had a good fourth! I did. ANyway animexpo is almost over so licenses will mostly cease, I wanna see who one the awards and the freaky cosplayers! :) Oh and more conan is out up to ep 9. Have a good weekend!

 Well official bandai has licensed wolf's rain as well as stratos 4 (which was just underway in being fansubbed, wolf's rain was nearly done being subbed!) bandai also licensed Ghost in shell tv series stand alone complex as well. Adv announced they will do mangas including:najica (they are releasing the anime soon) along with demon city shinjuku and darkside blues. Adv is also going to release toys and such in the future. Whoo all cause the urlLink animexpo if you don't believe me, you will. OH and future boy conan is way worth getting subbed!

 Hey! Good news urlLink animesuki is pretty much back online and will be totaly soon! Also urlLink wolf's rain has been licensed so it will be hard to find to download and I encourage you not to even if you find it, remember the code!

 Well woopity-doo! urlLink Sinbad is made with urlLink linux ! Well although thats cool everyone who says its the first animated film to be done with linux is wrong many anime have been done using linux somewhat or entirely, this is nothing new really! So there.

 Hey urlLink animsuki is still down but till then see urlLink animex for your anime! Also urlLink animenewsnetwork has a new column on manga "tokubon tower " is the title I believe I nice column for us readers! :) Anyway remember to visit urlLink anime-reviews.net for my ep guides and some great reviews, stop by the forum for sure as well!

 As expected cyborg 009 or android 009 on cn is much like kikaider and like kikaider I am not fond of it. Also note urlLink animesuki is down. And brute force for xbox is sadly as expected nothing new, its in every way unoriginal. Still somewhat good though I say 3 outta 5.

 I was just over at urlLink animenewsnetwork where I found an article calling for pioneer and trying to gain awareness for a title known as boys be it is a romantic anime that is very realistic even more so than love hina which I have previously given the title (yikes ) anyway till its released (and lets try) get it off urlLink animesuki and elsewhere I am sure. IT is pretty great. Note:released by pioneer in 2000 is 13 episodes long more info at animenewsnetwork. :)

 Wow been along time! Anyway kenshin is still on cartoon network just moved to around 10:30 at least my time check urlLink cn's site schedule to see your local time. Also I have learned my man Ken Akamatsu's latest manga is coming stateside in february 04 thanks to urlLink tokyopop he is creator of love hina. Also tokyopop announced a boxset for chobits will include:a box original with #8 the last manga of the series and an action figure the box will be big enough to fit all the manga. Oh and I recently took tao feng for a spin on urlLink xbox see the site for details I feel it was an okay game not very original but fun and mostly well done other than the fact you would soon get bored with it and it loads to much and to long. Three outta five. Rent.

 yo anime baby! urlLink Tokyopop and urlLink suncoast are doing a deal where at any suncoast store (not online) you can get 3 manga for price of one! Also katsuhiro Otomo's nex film steamboy due out in 2004 in theaters and later here in the usa has a website urlLink steamboy.net mostly japanese but oh well it works for now. Note: katsuhiro has worked on works such as; akira and metropolis. Also the hit critically aclaimed movie junkers come here is out on the 19th of this month so preorder and look forward to! Also boogiepop phantom is now on urlLink ttv although past ep 4 now.

 well I am now a bit interested in this urlLink phantom thing I like the idea of a machine I can play pc games on more comfortable and such plus the try before buy (demos, video etc) service infiniumlabs sounds cool oh and rentals to all via the net (if only my parents liked the idea they paronoid) still don't know what games will be on it or what it looks like. :( excited though cause we shall know august 17 and the system should be out by xmas! gonna be under 400$ also so thats good and it should i hear play dvds,cds and stuff to. Lookin for somethin to play though? Try crimsonland by urlLink reflexive the demo is nice but after about 1 hr you gotta buy for 20$ I recommend buying. :) ann has a list now so check out my "my anime" I am animaniac!

 Heh been awhile agian anyway urlLink animenewsnetwork is celebrating its 5th anniversary congrats guys! Anyway stop by everyone and help with the redesign you might win something and list the anime you have seen/own with the new forum feature I am animaniac look me up! I aint finished though. :) later!

 Hey blog time! Check these out I like em ok urlLink philwashere and urlLink tokyo my personal playground decent blogs one is about a model (the last).anyway later.

 Lookin for anime on tv? or a wacky fun mindless anime? Check out flcl (or furi kuri its also called) its airing on urlLink adultswim really great show only 6 eps. As for subs I finished wolfs rain damn that was awesome! I know I broke the code but I gonna buy the dvd so its justified. :) also new eps of future boy conan are out at urlLink animesuki oh and if you love chobits the anime or manga check out the hilarious special chibits get it urlLink here look under anime.

 hey! check it! games? Yeah the hobbit due in 2003 (sometime this yr) on gc and xbx see urlLink xbox.com for the video looks good. And stop by urlLink suprnova.org and use the program to download the trailers for the third and final lotr movie! yay! December! Also as for the fansub download scene:avoide divergence eve not good show the animation is nice (all though characters breasts are to big :( to big! its bad otherwise to only good animation really. Not much on the sub scene ragnarok is ok.

 Also if you are looking for the fooly cooly soundtracks go urlLink here they got em for 12$ although they are not official imports but eh. Also for those of you looking for more otaku blogs here is one although we dont always agree on animes (see the overated anime feature) we do mostly on politics :) urlLink kiyone.blogspot.com

 Ok folks listen there is no more fooly cooly (in japan: furi kuri) only 6 episodes there is no movie either sorry! Anyway also I got some links up urlLink warwizard is friend of mine he has helped out with this blog chech his site! And as for urlLink ar.net they got your reviews and a great forum where I hang (and moderate) they also have a contest going on to win a jacket just design a shirt for them its over monday! Hurry! Also urlLink ann has a review for junkers come here I gotta try and get it! You to!

 Hey glad things are improving over in the east :) good luck evryone. ANyway if u havent seen the comercial yet or anything check out urlLink tmobiles new ad setup urlLink Johnny Chase pretty cool I am proud to be a tmobile user!

 hey nyers sorry about the urlLink blackout :( good luck though :) anyway rumors are everywhere tha Blood:the last vampire is to be made live action by the director of jason vs freddy oh joy! *sarcasm* anyway I am interest in only one of the many animes to be made live action and thats lupin.

 sorry bout the urlLink blackout nyers. :( good luck though. :) anyway rumors are floting about that Blood:the last vampire will be adapted to live action by the director of freddy vs Jason oh joy! *sarcasm* all this anime to live action stuff I dislike really the only one I am interested in is lupin.

 hmm.. games bad kids cant play unless educational blah blah blah! okay check out urlLink penny arcade's latest post/comic and you get it. i mean what they say is true. And games are good also see egm's lates issue for comparison.

 Soul calibur will soon arrive on august 26 on all consoles ! The english version has three exclusive character including one named berserker. And then theres spawn for xbx, link for gc and heihachi for ps2. Also check out this site:geocities.com/krapdivad/quiz.htm I am mitsurugi!

 urlLink Enter the N-Gage: Demystifying Nokia's Portable Game System - GameSpot yes gamespot has great coverage on the urlLink nokia ngage has me somewhat interested it looks kinda cool and radio/cell phone use is cool along with games. Why am I not going to buy or recommend then? Cause the games are all 3 outta five available elsewhere games the only ones I give a damn about so far are sega's (super monkeyball,sonic N) and as gamespot shows its hard to even switch/start playing a game. Not to mention the thing is 300$$ I can get a gba (better games) and a decent cell phone for 2/3 the price and less hastle. Plus I hate nokia. Now a samsung maybe. Get more games and lower price on the console (and accessories) and we'll talk nokia.

 Hey fzero fans first of all remember the new game fzero gx hits the gamecube on the 26th of this month! Also I (and some other sources) have learned of an anime series to begin appearing on urlLink tv tokyo on october 7th in additon a manga will see release it is currently under production. The anime is being produced by Ashi productions and dentsu inc. Ashi productions has worked on such things as vampire hunter D and blue seed among many tv shows also.Dentsu has had its hands in gundam wing and spirited away along with recent items such as:geneshaft, ghost in shell stand alone complex and astroboy (2003). Oh and urlLink megatokyo is taking a break as well as doing some cons see the site for more. :)

 Speaking of Evangelion if you want you can play a decent date sim game on evangelion at urlLink newgrounds Also akira was up for an award for great sound on a dvd (the dts version by pioneer) sadly it lost to minority report. It was only anime involved in the awards and it lost :( really in this category it should have won.

 Bandai has announced a development crew will be developing evangelion the game 2 for the playstation 2. The first game is available japan only for sega saturn and psone. Evangelion 2 is around half way done and is due out in november in japan. Alfa development has also done games for gunparade march anime series and the popular castle of shikigami which saw its latest release about awhile back on xbx. see urlLink gamespot for more and official info

 urlLink Ninja Scroll 1: Series - (Sub) - DVD apparently ninja scroll the series will see a special addition dvd release at bestbuy cool if you are interested. Personally if you are guy its ok but I give movie and tv series (i saw fansubs) both 3 outta five nothing special. urlLink Animenewsnetwork is giving a way 10 copies send in you fanart to win.

 urlLink Why Japan Sucks.... this is pretty good blog its true japan has curupt police and many issues it is also true what he says about the war hell things are messed up but i still love my anime and japanese food and i still think the women are pretty hot. Improvements hell yes! America better yeah. Still not a horrible country and I say we put it all behind us, get along and improve!

 Hey heard of urlLink najica blitz tactics have you?well the site is up click on the title a ways back. Yes it is similar to urlLink noir except it involves perfume and lots of fanservice (pantie shots!) urlLink ar.net has a review up likely a bit generous but eh. Indeed the ultimate edition with dvd and box also comes with a pair of panties, JOY! :) Btw yes it is the work of the man behind project ako which if you have yet to see you must its hilarious! I will let my opinions be known on najica blitz as soon as I can see it (my area is shit for anime) also spirited away is to show up soon in mexico city mexico in spanish will likely see national release around september.

 urlLink TechTV | Is BitTorrent the Future of Downloading? Yes the linux guru and tss are finally showing support for bittorrent a great downloading program! You get anything you want (some stuff you shouldn't) for nothing its free,open source,spyware/virus free, its great! get it! Also check this site out its btt and this is where i download anime (japanese) urlLink animesuki.com Also for those of you looking for anime music vids (amvs) you can get some of my faves here: urlLink delusionalproductions and urlLink rudeboyproductions enjoy!

 urlLink Panderers in Japan This site is hilarious check out arnold schwarzeneger's beer commercials or zztops honda z (car) commercial lots of em her all pretty good.

 urlLink Anime News Network - My Anime - animaniac

 Hey! Noir's final volume #7 is due out on october 28th i had heard this but wanted it confirmed it now has been by my favorite urlLink anime news source also urlLink ar.net has ended its tshirt design contest and will announce a winner this week.

 HEy I cover more than anime! Today I comment on spike tv, it sucks. Simple eh? Well striperilla is an absolute pile if you want animated adult show (of that kind) go for something hentai (perverts!) and as for gary the rat, lame. ALright moving on to the new man show on comedy central (minus adam and jimmy kimmel (other shows to busy) I am going to try and get the dvd of the old cause it was (whether ppl like it or not) great! Juggies, girls on trampolines, wheee! However I dislike the new hosts and fear that they will take things to far. SO if you want adult entertainment I recommend adult swim.

 urlLink ICv2 News - Manga, Anime Retailer Exclusives thats right to get the chobits boxset with #8 an action figure and box to keep the whole series in you gotta pay 30$ at waldenbooks or borders. for akamatsu fans a reminder although love hina ends like now his other anime mao chan involving first graders fighting cute aliens (fun rental) is possibly coming starting in october courtousey of pioneer. And his other manga ai. love is coming from tokyopop in february. Yeay. tokyopop has a page for ailove and there is akamatsu's official site:ailove.net search it cause i not sure. :)

 urlLink Anime News Network - Job opportunities in the anime industry cool jobs in anime industry check em out. I would prefer ghibli or xebec myself.

 yeah! urlLink megatokyo has been moved to urlLink darhorse comics i feel this is better than Ic entertainment darkhorse does the best american comics along side my fave Bongo who does futurama and simpsons. Darkhorse also has done mangas:astro boy, and ah! my goddess. Darkhorse will release the second volume of megatokyo in January and will be reprinting the first. :) My favorite manga distributor? urlLink Tokyopop Darkhorse needs to lower prices and release more quickly and have manga specific site etc. tokyopop needs to lesson the westernization of mangas and should after volume one of each series drop the stupid instructions. Ic? ugh. well there you go see ya!All lotr2 dvd is gold btw! Now to get my games and some manga/anime. Also gundam zz (1-5) and season 2 of full metal panic are now fansubbed on urlLink animesuki

 flcl is to reair again on urlLink adult swim starting october 20th i was hoping they would :) The lotr 2 dvd is great preview of new movie and all gotta watch sam wiars movie and the music video tell yeah what i think later.

 Hehe soul calibur 2 is out now I gotta try and get a copy urlLink gamespot has reviews up I gonna go with cube maybe try to get xbx later i likely will agree fully with the reviews on the whole original better this one still good thing. Hopefully the urlLink official site will see huge update or something and many updates to come fzero is out also and reviewed gotta get that as well. need money :( also if you looking for way to translate pages babelfish is really slow and bad at translating but the other 3 or 4 i have tried are just as horrible with varying success on speed etc. And yes I got the lotr 2 dvd and it rocks let you know what I thought was best till then urlLink buy it!

 well I was the first or one of few to report the story on daft punk's film being in japanese theatres indeed urlLink animenewsnetwork has posted it! :) here's the official french site pretty good: urlLink interstella5555

 heh submitted the below story to urlLink animenewsnetwork hope they post it and its better than just mine i told them to look into it. Also urlLink ar.net has announced the winner congrats man! (wish I had one) see the site for details. Also more future boy conan is now available on urlLink animesuki yay!

 urlLink Welcome to The Japan Times according to these listings urlLink daft punk's upcoming dvd complete with music vids for all there songs of discovery there latest cd to be released this winter is airing in theatres. cool.

 urlLink The Japan Times Online course they won't they make money and dont wanna piss of n. korea thats fine except bad things are being brought in something needs to be done about that and really they should have the guts to at least tell those who financially support the n.korean government to buzz off.

 Also you can get me through a "public" rss feed at urlLink weblogs.com or urlLink blogrolling.com so when I update (and many other blogs it all appears on/in your rss reader (i recommend feedreader although its in beta) also i am looking into setting up an individual one as well. Note also that urlLink haibane renmei's first dvd is out tomorrow as well this is a new anime series from the creator of lain (yoshitoshi Abe) hope I can get it soon. Well later.

 urlLink Soul calibur is out this week (tomorrow) it is 50$ us dollars. On all current platforms. There was a launch event in ny and some good reviews in the current issue of egm as well as at urlLink gamers fzero is out this week also hope I can at least play them. :( Also lotr 2 is out gotta buy that. So look for opinions on them right here! Also my friend over at urlLink warwizardanime has a forum now so check that out. I am Jd over there.

 urlLink anime blog muyo! is good also and urlLink unamed anime blog check em out!

 urlLink Anime Sugar High!!! this is ok blog on anime check it out. Also urlLink animeforest is netflix for anime its all anime they got it all and will get more. I am looking into the service I like the setup its like regular videostore none of that monthly fee stuff 4$ per film! Cool. And well yeah sounds good try it and let me know if its good might take me awhile.

 urlLink Aiming at Pornography to Hit Music Piracy its true but hopefully parents pay attention to what they download its likely they dont. Both porn and music downloading is wrong stop and I dont care that they mention this to stop what they are trying to its good for parents to know one reason I got rid of and hate kazza so much porn pop ups spam and all that kinda crap search for something normal get something sick.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Miyazaki Best Animation Director yes and he certainly deserves that. :)

 urlLink ???????????2 evangelion 2 the game has its official site up now note its in japanese so if you dont read all you can get is screenshots or get a translation program of some sort. :)

 urlLink Xbox.com :: Xbox.com Home yes xbox.com has been redesigned! I like less green hmm.. also new xblive stuff on the site like xsn sports and friends list. I believe version 2.0 of xbxlive will inlcude all these pc goodies ( not sure if 1.0 does guess so) and 2.0 will also include a chat system not in game for up to 16 people thats great a email type system is still needed so when people are offline though! I think I will try and get this 2.0 this xmas but I still gotta get sc2 and fzero and some rentals man, expensive lifestyle.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Business - Universal Slashes All CD Prices in Attempt to Lure Music Buyers that definetly helps but kinda late and tech still needs to be engaged.

 urlLink TotalVideoGames.com | News | GameCube Sails Past PS2

 urlLink Heaven & Hell for PC at GameSpot weird game getting a bit carried away with this sim stuff maybe? Yeah.

 urlLink Gamers.com : Game Boy Advance : Astro Boy : Overview yes an astroboy game for the gba for all you fans or future fans of the new show or old or manga. :)

 urlLink Anime News Network - Adult Swim ratings push CN to new heights well outside of anime they deserve it adult swim is great and in the kid area they doin great but stop butchering the animes so much

 urlLink Action - Title yep for vampire anime/movie fans the show (box set and dvds availble and soon manga) is to air on action channel.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Encyclopedia - Releases yeah kenshin box sets to save some money and keep dvds in cool box! 27 episodes gonna have a few box sets yikes still kinda sucks but definetly better.

 urlLink PCWorld.com - Will CDs and DVDs Disappear? not likely many still prefer their discs including me. And many prefer not to steal (although some use paying alternatives) I much prefer a dvd over the current crap movies from urlLink movielink and urlLink cinemanow also It will take a few yrs at least to get discs unpopular and downloads popular. Although I welcome this I still want discs as an option and think they will be around for quite some time.

 Join me in tears for I almost got sc2 yesterday but was not able to afford it when ready to pay :( just thought I would share that. Also millenium actress can be previewed at urlLink anifactor looks good. Oh and I should have said this yesterday but didnt get to so urlLink ann beat me to it but a free (except for shipping) millenium actress poster is now available at urlLink animecastle

 urlLink Anime News Network - Shelf Life - The Spirit of Hunger great column guy is always right on. Spirit of wonder has my interest. I disagree on king of bandit jing rental at best at best! Ninja scroll I would say a rental if you liked the movie i despise both. Love hina is great I am one of those fans who will gobble up and pant for more!

 HEy i have setup rss for jdtheotaku (my other blog) on urlLink myrss and will try to for this blog. IT supports version 0.91 and 1.0 of rss and many feedreaders. I believe I am also for jdtheotaku on urlLink feedster or soon will be. I will work on this blog also. And maybe version 2.0 and some other feeder support. :) for linux folks and I am not sure if it will work but please do try look for snownews the aggregator best for linux i hear. :)

 yes inuyasha is back on urlLink adult swim at least new eps until september 18th the episode guide at ar.net will be update by the (thanks to me) for those wondering by the 18th we will be on ep 52 outta 122. Soon dvds (starting in december) will come in packs of 3 for 50$ and if you want good inuyasha site check out urlLink inuyasha.org other than that not much to report except there are still so many things i want and need :(

 urlLink Gamers.com : GameCube : The Simpsons: Hit & Run : Reviews also on xbx and ps2 sounds interesting i look forward to playing. Just rented sc2 on xbx opinions later!

 urlLink Gamers.com : Article camera phones are huge in japan so not bad idea. certainly cool kinda like the old ones go gb and gbc. to bad only japan.

 urlLink Gamers.com : Article a bit of a bummer the first was ok not good but ok 3 outta five woulda liked another. Oh well.

 urlLink Jinkie.com - THE Premier Location for Import Anime Dvds more lossy bootleggers!

 urlLink Anime Web Turnpike

 urlLink nasu this video is hilarious please do watch.

 There is a rumor on the net (so many!) that lupin the 3rd live action movie is possibly to be directed by urlLink Stephen Spielbergh

 urlLink AnimeOnDVD.com - Rurouni Kenshin TV Recommendation little something new on aod and something nice for those interested or big fans of kenshin.

 urlLink AnimeOnDVD.com - September 2003 Contest #3 another contest for ninja scroll tv in addition to ann's

 urlLink Anime on DVD here is each dvd and its volume little better than ann's coverage.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Media Blasters DVD Sound Issues why do companies (the small ones but thats no excuse if not worse) always do that they have sound issues and viz has disc issues in general. :(

 urlLink IAP 2003 Activity: Fansubbing its real anyway yes a class for fansubbing! Also keep in mind this is that would be fun really though all this can be self taught and I think the class is full or over anyone from mit?

 urlLink Freedom Fighters on the way - Freedom Fighters News for PlayStation 2 at GameSpot its like a red faction but squad based and in third person. I wanna play. Look for the pc demon on gamespot or elsewhere to give it a try.

 urlLink SD Gundam Force yet to see the show but i will here is the official site.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Millennium Actress Theatre Listing

 urlLink AnimeNation News personally have no interest in these but some of you may. :)

 urlLink The Magic Box: International Videogame News good site for news wallpaper and games comics. bookmark it.

 urlLink HoustonChronicle.com - Cambodians urged to eat more dogs disgusting kinda weird and funny.

 urlLink AnimeNation News definetly a great movie one i still need to buy :( fantastic movie! sad touching a masterpiece all though of course i have some issues on politics and all that but eh.

 urlLink Blue Seed DVD Beyond yes this is a oav for the series. Not bad but not worth buying and watch the series first and buy it instead.

 well its 9/11 again and to be honest i dont know what to say see my other blog I have some things posted urlLink thedeeperthinker also I recently recieved an email in which a fan of amv's asked about doujinshi which are popular as amv's are here. They are fan made comics like urlLink megatokyo for instance except often based on anime like love hina. You can buy them all over japan and they are a bit hard to find here in the usa but try urlLink mandarake they have cool normal doujin as well as imported manga and cels great shop but they also have lots of hentai and yaoi junk to so you been warned (unless you into all that)

 urlLink Anime News Network - Japanese home video sales plummet after Sen

 urlLink Mao-Chan DVD Vol. 01 (Pre-Order) wow mao chan another anime i am awaiting by love hina creator ken Akamatsu is coming soon as you can see. Looks a bit to cute and kiddish but may be fun and I will give it a try. His other work Ai love the manga sees release in feb. by tokyopop.

 urlLink Final Fantasy Tactics Advance Review for Game Boy Advance at GameSpot something you anime/gamers may wanna read and pick up. Me? No thanks

 urlLink The Official F-Zero GX Website just finished playing a bit myself its a tough game! Even on easy very difficult. The game has excellent design and graphics and if you like past editions get this be warned not an easy game! Also sound is good and there is even a choice for widescreen tv or full (like dvds) which is cool. Story mode also which is also difficult and as far as I know can only be played with falcon you play story to unlock cars. The official site linked above has wallpaper videos and interviews and game info check it out. :) 4 outta 5

 urlLink AnimeNation News

 urlLink AnimeNation News just caught this info on the millenium actress dvd info its on the above page under september the 8th

 urlLink Yu Yu Hakusho: Spirit Detective Impressions - Yu Yu Hakusho: Spirit Detective Previews for Game Boy Advance at GameSpot fans of the show/manga may wanna check this out. :)

 urlLink Shenmue Dojo : Main yeah how about a nice batch of info on your site and all over the web? Sega? Come on please! Oh and get it out by end of 04 at least!

 urlLink Gamers.com : Article

 ok well things for me on anime going real slow just some tv and thats about it games hell none :( anyway i have found a show to dl thats pretty good on animesuki called saikano (its in the s section spelt differently then this) as for kenshin it has been changed to11:00 pm and for those wondering the opening song is called Sobatsu so quit asking in english its called freckles ok! thats all man things are slow.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Shonen Sarutobi Sasuke (movie) not seen it myself but would like to give it a shot it is on tonight 8:30 eastern on tcm channel.

 today is the day 40 yrs ago when astro boy aired on television in New York yes 40 yr anniversary of anime on tv in america! Great! To bad few people no this or care. Still want more shows and better ones with less edits!

 urlLink Mercury News | 09/18/2003 | The Nervous Parent's Guide to Online Music

 urlLink Yahoo! News - Kim Jong-Il, unlikely hero of hit manga cartoon book in Japan i wanna read this and hope many will. Man he's an evil little bastard. :(

 urlLink Millennium Actress the official site man i wanna see this movie anyway there is a contest for the dvd here :)

 urlLink [ ???ch.com ] tv tokyo of japan has launched an online anime service this kind of service is becoming popular in japan, hopefully we will see more anime on tv here and eventually services like this here in usa. Anyway for one month tv tokyo will let you access slayers (2 eps of each series) and i believe some saiyuki for free after that there should be a fee. :)

 urlLink Gamers.com : Article i really gotta try the manga and eventually the new eps of the anime games might be fun so here ya go.

 urlLink Kill Bill: Exclusive: Kill Bill Anime some cool stuff this anime looks worth a watch.

 urlLink JIJweb-?????? bandai japan is releasing underwear with american style comic characters on it, funny! Typical here strange and funny this pair is or where it is or from the company making them now get to work on bringing gundam and wolfs rain etc to usa instead of this (and more shows for the japanese).

 urlLink Anime News Network - Manga over novels? sounds about right same here i read alot of novels but lots more of the short stuff (comics/manga, newspapers,net, magazines) 1 or 2 books a month maybe (when summer is over) soon will be that way elsewhere we are getting that way here has to do with being busy i think etc.

 urlLink New Wave Gaming: Video Game Reviews and News good review of sc2 good game folks good game! Note:this site I am friends of we hang on techtv boards :)

 urlLink New Wave Gaming: Video Game Reviews and News cool sucks it took so long to come stateside, oh and it still isnt actually here! Somewhat understandable it takes awhile to try in japan see if successful then decide to bring here but a real bummer at least its coming though!

 urlLink AnimeNation News i dont watch much tv but in case of say teen titans its cause a lot of kids and teens watch anime so they went with anime styling to get viewers could be viewed the way they did it etc as disrespectful i am 50/50 on that. Samurai jack I feel was admiration partly. And hell the japanese "stole" things from us like games which we started with atari and stuff just a taste of medicine perhaps? well stuff to think about. ANd something to read.

 urlLink Gamers.com : Article heh send em in i did.

 urlLink Reuters | Latest Financial News / Full News Coverage that would be cool but damn its expensive and all i need is 10 feet of lan which is like 5$ and hell that works. But hey it is cool if you wanna spend the money and gotta have it. I still dont have live :(

 urlLink TIMEasia Magazine: Redrawing Rules i admit he is good and alot of what he says is true if i were animator i would work with few or none nice to see we are getting some coverage and our beloved culture. I still like my miyazaki and anime though!

 urlLink ICv2 News - Watson-Guptill To Partner With Digital Manga or just a merger in which they become one?

 urlLink Love Hina Movies Artbox Only (Limited) i want! And again and xmas maybe for xmas i can get. :(

 urlLink

 Had some time with sc2 for xbox now, so? well my fave characters:kilik,mitsurugi,spawn (he is actually pretty sweet) as for the graphics they are surely the best of the versions really good in fact hdtv is supported its a blast on a big screen! The sound is great the music is good and dolby digital 5.1 is supported in game. Multiplayer is fun to so far among 2 people i am defeated only once! Great game xbxlive support (full blown) would have been cool. And i still gotta get the gc edition for link. Also rumble is supported which is cool and by the way I am a joystick fan not d pad. :) overall score:5 outta five not as great as the first but a great game and worthy sequel!

 urlLink Anime News Network - Mamoru Oshii live-action short to be released on DVD

 urlLink Internet for Christians good article and something fun to do is study an anime or manga from christian perspective really! Anyway read these articles and this one and perhaps join the caa boards i have i go by otaku :)

 urlLink ICv2 News - NECA To Do 'Kill Bill' Figures could be in your interest. I dont care about action figures but man i wanna see this film!

 urlLink Anime News Network - Blue Gender DVD Boxset Contest here's the boxset contest I spoke of, go enter. Btw the box can be bought for an awesome and legal 89$ at urlLink animecastle

 urlLink Anime News Network - Press Release here's an official blue gender give away for 5 cels. Read this press release.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Pioneer Changes Name

 urlLink The latest works cool optical illusions.

 urlLink Welcome to Engrish.com! fun site wish i had the cash to buy stuff. Look at todays engrish and the other stuff to. funny :)

 urlLink Phantasy Star Online Episode III: C.A.R.D. Revolution Screens for GameCube at GameSpot

 urlLink Astro Boy: Tetsuwan Atom Screens for Game Boy Advance at GameSpot here are your astroboy gba screens.

 urlLink ICv2 News - Sony To Produce Animated Features in Japan hmm...

 urlLink Anime News Network - Disney disbands Japanese studio bad and good news. :( Oh well at least we dont get screwed, much.

 urlLink STUDIO GHIBLI HOMEPAGE!! I shouldnt have canceled my import to wait for a us version this site ghibli's official says that the japanese dvd of nausicaa will include 30 minute history of ghibli/starting of ghibli feature not to mention previews of ghost in shell innocence and the upcoming ghibli film Howl's castle all of which below I have spoke of. Time to try and reorder that dvd at urlLink cdjapan

 urlLink AnimeNation News well sure it could have been better but the animation music and all were amazing and everything else admitedly was flawed and incomplete thus at this point i will give the show a 7 out of 10 lets hope there are a few more eps to well wrap it up better and make the show more like an 8 or 9 (most will disagree on my ratings but eh)

 urlLink AnimeNation News yeah its on! oh and urlLink ar.net is there to they gonna have coverage and stuff later.

 urlLink AnimeNation News

 urlLink I.G - INNOCENCE - ????? 1 gits innocence images for you. :)

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Foxlife - Fox411 - Tarantino's 'Kill Bill': A 'Pulp Fiction' Sequel it does look great and we all love our anime. Look forward to all this!

 urlLink GamezWorld great new site I am contributing game info and reviews to my shenmue 2 is already up and more are on way its all a work in progress. :)

 heads up blue gender fans ann may be doing a contest soon :)

 urlLink Ru's Annual Anime Fan Questionnaire take this!

 urlLink Anime News Network - Millennium Actress Rankings

 urlLink AnimeNation News

 urlLink Guardian Unlimited | Arts features | Out & about now to find the book! Oh and sweet this movie is gonna rock and any info is good info this is very good now we know its book so we can get and we know the author and here thoughts give this a read. :)

 for you sd gundam fans i hear a gba game is coming out in japan look into it!

 urlLink Blue Gender DVD Box Set (Pre-Order) the actual price was supposed to be 120$ but hey this is better! Also this is for you fans of cn's running who want the show to watch again and again whatever (and unedited) enjoy i really didnt like it much.

 urlLink [gameskins.com] want a ps2 controller shirt or some arcade shirts on fighting or ddr? well here go. :)

 that movie re-animator or whatever on sci-fi based on novel by h.p love craft might be good creepy non kid movie though be warned. :) on saturday

 urlLink Sony to unveil PSX next week - News for at GameSpot and in other news not dealing with nintendo changes or finances, this.

 urlLink New general manager for Nintendo UK - News for at GameSpot More euro news for gamers and nintendo fan.

 urlLink Nintendo seeing red - News for at GameSpot bad news and somewhat expected they need to do more marketing and get more games out the recent price cut should help, lets hope things look up.

 urlLink GameCube price cut for Europe - News for at GameSpot good news for you europeans.

 urlLink Halo: Combat Evolved Downloads Index for PC at GameSpot for halo pc make sure you get this and have a good pc :)

 urlLink P.O.D. CD to come bundled with Amplitude - Amplitude News for PlayStation 2 at GameSpot

 Techtv's anime unleashed will begin airing a new show it has licensed:banner of the stars sequel to cots starting november 4 they have also acquired geneshaft. In other tv news dont forget hellsing starts soon, October 4

 urlLink GameCube sales soar - News for at GameSpot yeah seems likely a number of people I know have already seriously considered buying one and still may by xmas

 urlLink AMEN-COMICS great guy friend of mine give him a read. :)

 urlLink [ digitalrex ] a new division setup by sega lead by former leader of am2 division at sega, yu suzuki. urlLink shenmue.com has also recently seen a redesign. And in other sega/shenmue news shenmuedojo's recent reports show that shenmue three is on hold for quite some while really not even in development, could it die? lets hope not and wish suzuki-san and crew good luck!

 urlLink ???????????? remember i told you a fzero anime was on the way? Well it is here is a preview.

 urlLink Dual! Parallel Trouble Adventure DVD Box Set yep the dual box set is out and this is the cheapest I can find. :)

 urlLink Love Hina Movies Artbox Only (Limited) yeah i still dont have any money not even enough for this nor i can i order it off the net :( oh well you can.

 urlLink animalcrossing's Xanga Site fun little game. and here is an online journal about playing it. strange oh well.

 urlLink ExtremePumpkins.com - Extreme Pumpkin Carving art? sure. extreme? i suppose, not your average pumpkins. Check it out.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Review here ya go. oh and dont forget the contest ann has a few others on web including an official one for cels.

 urlLink Orisinal : Morning Sunshine loads of fun!

 urlLink AnimeNation News see anime-reviews.net for some coverage also. :)

 urlLink AnimeOnDVD.com >> Disc Reviews >> Dual Box Set hey i didnt know about this sounds good wish i had the cash I loved it on ttv!

 urlLink Cable ONE Spam Patrol cool something else to want and import, not gonna happen for me :( cool though.

 urlLink Halo PC now available - Halo: Combat Evolved News for PC at GameSpot

 urlLink sweet! noir soap

 urlLink ????????? whoa! special gamecube and gba's for gundam sweet! not fan of red though :( oh well sweet!

 urlLink Anime News Network - New Anime noooooooo! not more divergence eve! Yes sadly. :( the gainax thing might be cool

 urlLink ICv2 News - New Product Announcement: Akira Trading Figures Series 1 sweet I already have a kaneda on bike figure but not this one these are different style very cool!

 urlLink ICv2 News - 150,000 Volumes Of Manga yeah cool store we have some that are close to it like in los angeles in fact I believe there is a Kinokuniya in LA! This is by far biggest store I have heard of, very cool. Lets hope things get even better here in the usa!

 urlLink New Releases on GameSpot the weeks releases, for me nothing good. But hell I still need to buy or rent sc2 (again or buy first time) and freedom fighters. Oh and halo for pc may have hit shelves in your area already looks sweet I need that to.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Otaking at MIT mit is cool tons of tech anime this guy lecturing awhile back they had a fansub class!if you can go if not oh well cool.

 urlLink Production I.G -> Kill Bill yep the guys behind ghost in shell and other anime work on kill bill thought so man i wanna see this!

 urlLink mtlinux yes linux megatokyo linux! cool.

 urlLink Plugged In > Movies > Kill Bill: Vol. 1 ok a bit much? i think so. He doesnt hate if anything admires japanese and I feel same for women. geez these guys need to chill and sure the violence could be taken certain ways in this case I to would find it funny it has a stylish/cheesiness if you will to it kinda like some anime. Just a movie and I think yes some of it does sound well a bit much and its not a kids movie and parents should be warned and decide. I myself hope to see it :P

 urlLink Telegraph | News | Yes, I was shocked by Kill Bill, admits censor - but only by Uma's feet

 urlLink ICv2 News - Bush Cards Available Now not for me i dont talk politics here much, but this i don't like. Still gotta get those Iraqi cards

 urlLink New Releases on GameSpot next weeks titles, tons. I saw at least two rentals and one game I know someone wants to own (goty-bro) still gotta get freedom fighters, and all whoaa!

 urlLink Tron 2.0 mod-able - Tron 2.0 News for PC at GameSpot the nice thing about pc games though few out there worth time see mods keep you busy though. On consoles lots of games keep you busy, its all good. :) mods are cool.

 urlLink Crimson Skies goes gold - Crimson Skies: High Road to Revenge News for Xbox at GameSpot I wanna play!

 urlLink Halo PC ships in Europe - Halo: Combat Evolved News for PC at GameSpot

 urlLink Sega snubs Xbox? - OutRun2 News for Xbox at GameSpot lack of popularity and money issues are good reason even if it would be easy port. So sony? or nintendo? I betting sony.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Limbaugh Admits Painkiller Addiction Hey its understandable how this happened. Wrong how he got them? yes. Rehab? Good. The things he said, good.

 urlLink ADV Films - News yeah they got it. Remember when techtv announced they had missed out on the license (they woulda been a good channel for it) well I though spike tv would get it (another good choice for this show) well no, its adv's anime network a good choice and was and obviously so a possibility they got it. A bummer for us who dont get the channel.

 urlLink RollingStone.com: Movies: Reviews: Kill Bill Vol. 1 good review :) hahaha yeah tarantino is great, and sure eccentric but arent we all?

 urlLink AnimeOnDVD.com >> Music Reviews >> Fooly Cooly (Furi Kuri) OST 1 yeah now you dont have to pay this much for a bootleg or twice as much for an import copy, this pioneer becoming geneon thing is a good thing!

 urlLink Kill bill is out!

 urlLink Sonny Chiba this guy is great and guess what he does the stuff for kill bill!

 urlLink :::::::::::::::::The Idaho Statesman Presents - Entertainment Online :::::::::::::::::::: the game's movie. IT looks like a so-so or worse b grade film, maybe rent?

 urlLink :::::::::::::::::The Idaho Statesman Presents - Entertainment Online ::::::::::::::::::::

 urlLink Reuters | Latest Financial News / Full News Coverage heh not all anime and games its harry potter to!

 urlLink ICv2 News - Top 50 Graphic Novels Actual--September 2003 mostly crap, mostly comics some manga. Love hina the last volume came in strong at 6 I was one who helped out for october wonder how it will do for this month? It'll be up there for awhile guranteed.

 urlLink ICv2 News - From the Internet to the Printed Page

 urlLink ICv2 News - GTO Anime Series on Showtime

 urlLink Anime News Network - The Edit List - Rurouni Kenshin 60 amen its on late enough come on lots less edits and nothing that alters much. How about that and several times a week please!

 urlLink Shenmue III Petition sign it! save shenmue let yu and the guys know we appreciate them and love the series and want more!

 urlLink -=GamerzWorld=- cool I would like this one over any other sony console right now. To pricey though but I guess for what you get you pay for.

 urlLink Official UK game sales chart - News for at GameSpot

 urlLink Halo: Combat Evolved Downloads Index for PC at GameSpot patches in addition to the server, I still don't have the game :(

 urlLink Howl's Moving Castle // Book List // Nausicaa.net yep the book miyazaki's howling castle is based on nausicaa.net also has a pic of the sdtk on the site and some other stuff. :)

 urlLink Nausicaa.net News // Latest News // Nausicaa.net see the new news? yeah! Now get it out on dvd soon and a bunch of other miyazaki stuff, now! lasseter is great.

 urlLink Reuters | Latest Financial News / Full News Coverage I will likely side with those who praise the film :) hope I get to see and everyone else to!

 urlLink Game collectables selling for charity - News for at GameSpot

 urlLink Which games are OK to Play? - News for at GameSpot good thing this is! But people are dumb and lazy so...

 urlLink Which games are OK to Play? - News for at GameSpot this should help but it won't completely work people are dumb and lazy. :(

 urlLink Anime News Network - Mahoromatic: Something More Beautiful (TV) the soundtrack has been recalled folks! :( Man why do these companies have these problems!

 urlLink ICv2 News - Trigun First Printing 35,000 my bro can't wait hope he gets one and all of you who want one, should be good.

 urlLink Demon Ororon, The Manga another manga, I read few doubt this one I will but eh.

 urlLink AnimeNation News yeah and they just released the dual boxset also I beleive under the new name.

 urlLink -=GamerzWorld=- dang I want one of the new ones I bought two of the first ones glad they sold well.

 Fansubs there great so let me rant: Lots of new stuff so whats good? well there are around 5 new series and out of them I recomend gilgamesh it was a good first ep I am interested it reminds me for some reason of say wolf's rain lets hope less flaws (wr had few though) so go now to urlLink animesuki or something! Also no technically it is safe to dl saikano for awhile longer the license was in australlia not usa. :)

 urlLink USATODAY.com - Tarantino goes for the 'Kill' I am behind him I think he has creativity and taste, hope I can one day be like him there are alot of us out there behind a counter at a videostore writing :)

 urlLink Anime News Network - Encyclopedia - Releases good film 4 outta five very original just rented pick it up folks! :)

 urlLink ICv2 News - Tenchi Returns yeah it was ok show I remember well here ya go hope you get the channel (i dont) :(

 urlLink ICv2 News - SD Gundam Figures A Hit course they are I'd love to own them and I have yet to see the anime! which looks fun I gotta watch that.

 urlLink ICv2 News - Adult Swim's November Schedule yep and in the meantime hellsing is on action channel now on fridays I believe.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Strife at IC Entertaniment not a very good company no offense none of there products are of much interest either and there site sucks they just arent great and now this! megatokyo left to and went with darkhorse, eh.

 urlLink FF VII: Advent Children backgrounder - Final Fantasy VII News for PlayStation at GameSpot for you ff fans I seen some cg movies like the final fantasy movie awhile back and shenmue likely this one will be good in animation but what about story? eh.

 urlLink New Morrowind releases - The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind News for Xbox at GameSpot I could care less hate this series and all but my bro loves it and alot of people do so here ya go.

 urlLink a fansub group dies and another is born. :( :) live-evil is doing a new show that looks good so far called gilgamesh might wanna look into it.

 Just finished love hina anime with love hina again I have some issues with it due to condensed plot and all but the animation hell everything else (and the dub a bit) was great pic it up and finish the series but check out the finished manga for sure overall anime rating:3 outta 5 overall manga:4 outta five ok? And more akamatsu-san works on the way with mao chan anime in november and ai love manga in february. ok later

 urlLink Tokyo Mint, LCC these guys are great! expensive but great i have seen the work and wish i could afford it lets hope they do lots more! :)

 urlLink ICv2 News - Sandman: Endless Nights Makes New York Times Best Sellers List good stuff i beleive yoshitaki amano of final fantasy and vampir hunter d fame has worked on this series also.

 I don't blog about personal stuff much though I should if I could go to cons or something I would. Anyway beta fish also known as siamese fighters or japanese fighting fish are so cool just bought two of them, which considering both are I beleive male don't seem to get along well luckily the tank keeps them separated but still I may just get rid of one, so... yeah. :) later look forward to more on these fish for some reason.

 urlLink .:: Designerskins.com - Xbox, PS2, Gamecube Skins - Over 1,000 and Counting::. this is cool in addition to a gaming shirt I need from this site a xbox inside out mod (so cool) and the clamshell for gamecube check this site out. :) as for me not gaming much tried out a demo disc and done some reading and animal crossing is all not much, ok later.

 urlLink Pioneer Animation yep and now heatguy j!

 urlLink Anime News Network - Anime News no links but a initial d pc game is on the way, cool. And also millenium actress (out october 28th on dvd) is showing tuesday 21 in austin texas.

 urlLink Final Fantasy: Unlimited - Unlimited Fantasy the sites up, the show sucks in my opinion don't even need to see it :P but here ya go.

 urlLink The Register again told you! maybe if it was cheaper and better, hell go back to the drawing board nokia. Or stick to cell phones, samsung's better at that to :P

 urlLink The Mac Observer - Hell Froze Over: iTunes For Windows Is Here need cash and permission, sweet though glad its here!

 urlLink AnimeNation News man this guy tezuka, I gotta get some of his stuff including this manga and maybe the game

 urlLink Anime News Network - Nintendo to purchase 2.6% of Bandai seems reasonable this would happen what with the gundam gamecube and the new sdgundam kid show and both companies and all yeah.

 urlLink Ikaruga kicks ass. good stuff :) hahaha

 urlLink ICv2 News - WotC Issues Statement on Pokemon Lawsuit eh no comment on this for me.

 urlLink ICv2 News - ParaPara Dance Craze Hits U.S. Comics

 "The premiere was attended by Cindy and Donald Hewitt, the english language adapators for Porco Rosso as well as Spirited Away. They talked about the process that they go through in translation and how they only had like a week and a half to translate Porco. But you all want to hear about whats next right? Well work is currently proceeding with Nausicaa, with actors currently recording. Those include Patrick Stewart, Uma Thurman, and Natalie Portman. The translation for Whisper of the Heart is done but there is some sort of problem with the song.(They didn't go into it.) So most likely the next movie out after Nausicaa will probably be Pom Poko. Oh, and the DVD for Porco should be out sometime in April. Last, to break all your hearts they said that this will most likely be the only theatrical showing of Porco. " sweet stuff originally posted on urlLink animeondvd.com natalie portman is awesome :)

 urlLink TOKYOPOP - NEWS - TOKYOPOP Rising Stars of Manga Competition another is done and I still don't have volume 1, well look forward to it and check em out. :)

 urlLink Xbox Grand Theft Auto to feature DIY radio - Grand Theft Auto Double Pack News for Xbox at GameSpot

 urlLink $99 PS2 in '03? - News for at GameSpot hmm.. maybe I should buy one now, if this happens.

 urlLink ICv2 News - Musicland To Shutter 150 Stores hope these people get jobs, should have had lower prices.

 urlLink ICv2 News - Market For Used DVDs Continues to Grow course and sure isn't a bad thing get a dvd for 14$ vs 20$ or more sounds good.

 urlLink IG home yes the official site for the anime part of kill bill from the folks who created it.

 I'm bored so here: currently reading -chobits almost done, initial d currently watching -stand alone movies, future boy conan,full metal panic, noir (gotta finish these!) currently listening to-radio, whatever.

 urlLink Herald.com - Your Miami Everything Guide I have decided this is not a movie I will see in theatres due to its content, be warned. Man that is pretty decent in take.

 urlLink New Gun Fires 'Laser of Lead'

 urlLink ????????? a freaky anime I can't find subs of dealing with an afro and the man its attached to hahaha also I believe japan a radio got enough cash for the next three months!

 urlLink

 urlLink Anime News Network - More on Nintendo Purchase of Bandai Stock more on the deal.

 urlLink _Gilgamesh_ this show is great though a bit confusing now. the animation the tunes all of it story has potential and is good so far, reminds me a bit of wolf's rain lets hope it doesn't end so-so though. Oh and urlLink live-evil's subs seem well messed up the best if they werent well messed up get from another group. And uh yeah I have some sweet work dealing with subs coming up *wink wink* so stay tuned. And check out wonderful days also a review of that by me should be online soon. :) and one more thing the betas are doing well and I am enjoying them :) now if only my other laptop would arrive so I could deal with it and get going. :(

 urlLink Gunslinger Girl as I said this show which I have found the site for is not that good its depressing and stuff try then decide but I say its junk also its 13 eps I don't wanna share info and they guys at megatokyo are on break and are nuts for liking this.

 urlLink Yahoo! News - Embarrassed GM to Rename Car With Risque Overtones haha might wanna keep up on slang terms eh? haha

 Japan a radio the best and most popular jpop/anime radio station is in need of your help they need donations so if you can do so or at least spread the word! Japan a radio forever!

 urlLink Reviews - Millennium Actress - AR.net yep this is out on the 28th not sure if its still in theatres never made it to my area. I will rent if I can and review. Oh and rest assured fmp volume 3 is great oh and according to matt over at ar.net so is volume 4

 urlLink Viz Special Offer - Graphic Novel Sampler again another company has done this, tokyopop easier to find by the way. But yeah here's one from viz.

 urlLink Viz Special Offer - DVD Sampler something to look into I believe one other company cpm is doing this also.

 The horrible show ikki tousen has seen its manga licensed by tokyopop urlLink under the name battle vixens.

 urlLink US-TX-Houston-Korean Translators manwha (korean) translating job

 urlLink US-TX-Houston-Japanese Translators manga translating job!

 urlLink Publishers Weekly | Reed Business Information yeah lets hope all bookstores/stores that sell books have tons of them soon and that prices go down. plus I'd like to see some manga only stores to.

 urlLink Kirby Air Ride for GameCube at GameSpot a game I need to rent, I have tons of games I need to rent and buy :( not sure about that score but seems like that is a possible score.

 urlLink Star Wars Rogue Squadron III: Rebel Strike for GameCube at GameSpot whoa I wasn't expecting that score course I like would give it an 8 like the last two. man I want this game! still haven't finished #2 :(

 urlLink Anime News Network - Production IG CEO Entrepreneur of the Year congrats.

 urlLink Sony to eliminate 20,000 jobs - News for at GameSpot man this sucks, things in japan just arent real good right now. :( Really arent anywhere.

 urlLink Anime News Network - New Tokyopop Manga Licenses nothing I'm interested in but here ya go.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Gunslinger Girl licensed? I watched this, to depressing and twisted for me. Good music and animation though which go along great with the story and all. Hmm.. if it is licensed oh well but you may wanna get some subs before its official.

 urlLink Pumping Up the Volume I wouldn't mind trying it thats for sure. Seems to be the best available

 urlLink Anime News Network - The Edit List - Rurouni Kenshin 61 ohh christian arc, I like the sound of this. worry of edits

 urlLink New wave of Halo toys on the horizon - Halo: Combat Evolved News for Xbox at GameSpot cool seen some before, and books and cds and shirts $$$$ I got a book.

 urlLink Halo: Combat Evolved Downloads Index for PC at GameSpot pc demo out, supposed to be better than beta. I have no doubt of that must try tell ya later download now or wait for me. :)

 urlLink Zen Thoughts -- Jokes2Go.com Lists : "It's always darkest before dawn. So if you're going to steal your neighbor's newspaper, that's the time to do it." funny stuff :)

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Foxlife - Lure of Money Comes to Video Games may wanna check it out. Not me I hate gambling, waste of cash and its evil (unless you win :) just kidding.

 urlLink Mainichi Interactive - Top News :( sad. wonder who's next?

 urlLink Xbox now Live in South Korea - News for at GameSpot koreans rejoice! koreans love online play on pcs, now how about consoles?

 viz has picked up the saikano manga and anime which I've been enjoying. this is good and bad. Man I expected adv not viz but they certainly will do just fine. volume one of anime is due out in april and volume 1 of manga in june

 urlLink Anime News Network - Review what you hear is true and pick up the manga to all of it. maybe rent this and spring special which somewhat sadly I own.

 so do we suck fansubs, suck? well from watching there eps of battle programmer sharise I will say this fine quality but it won't play in divx! :( and not to mention the files are huge they could be at least 20 mb smaller I would think. :( they suck pretty much is true but bps is cool show so I guess I'll suffer as I recomend you do also.

 urlLink TechTV | Anime Review: 'Rumic Theater' great review by a great guy :) I starting this series (way late) gurantee I'll like it I love takashi's ranma and inuyasha is nice to watch on tv.

 urlLink BBspot - Record Time for Clearing Internet Explorer Cache Set

 urlLink There, Limited Access available - There News for PC at GameSpot yeah this was on techtv's the screensavers, I know some people who are interested I could care less maybe I'll give it a try i dunno but yeah here ya go

 urlLink ICv2 News - Tokyo Mint Announces Naru in Yellow you want collectibles these are it, way outta my league. :( damn another!

 urlLink ICv2 News - Major Anime Movie Release Dates Revealed yes good stuff. maybe subs? Man I hope this stuff makes it here (usa) shortly after it hits japan

 urlLink ICv2 News - New Robotech Comic From DC/Wildstorm told you!

 urlLink NYPress - On the D/L - Hiroshi - Vol. 16, Iss. 43 hmm a mainstream article about anime downloading cool. I gonna do one soon but not this mainstream. Also I got issues with this some of this stuff is licensed and some of these programs are evil!. hmmph.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Adult Swim Goofs with Big O

 urlLink We Suck Fansubs well I gotta say this isn't encouraging their name and what they say about themselves, out of curiosity I will check them out.

 urlLink PopMatters | Columns | Brian Ruh | From Here to Shinjuku | Killing in Translation Good movies I will see, in theatres? I hope but doubt so it'll be awhile before I can comment. Go see if you like.

 urlLink PopMatters | Columns | Brian Ruh | From Here to Shinjuku | A Missive From the Front Lines of Fandom great article! I will say this cosplay is mostly just weird,creepy, annoying. It can be good but rarely is. conventions though are great man I gotta get my ass to one some day.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Yoshitaka AMANO this guy rocks see his profile, he also has worked on some of his own art and other stuff including final fantasy games etc. anyway now he is working on a new robotech comic series announced today! yeah just the cover art but hey! and yes a robotech comic from dc comics.

 urlLink The Emperor and the Gangster | PopMatters Film Feature

 urlLink Anime News Network - Megumi HAYASHIBARA yeah she has a cd coming out. she's cool yawara and love hina just see this man! Hmm.. voice actresses/singers rock she's both!

 urlLink Anime News Network - From the Gallery: J-Dramas in North America I'd admitedyly say cel. But some live action stuff is good but not sure I like when its based on an previously existing anime. Original live action is best. yet to see any subs I like of live action but would love to find some good ones of course.

 urlLink USATODAY.com - 'Star Wars' goes animated tonight yeah and after all the flash I am actaully a bit interested i believe are about 5 min long and will be available for dl all of them by november 21st or so they air on tv according to the article till the 2oth and yeah. not anime really reminds me more of flash animation.

 urlLink Ars Technica: Dealing with PS2 read errors - Page 1 - (11/2003) for all you ps2 owners/fans. heard of some issues with xbox and the new morrowind, had some issues myself otherwise with xbox anyway here is support for ps2

 urlLink Anime News Network - Japanese Voice Actors Sue Studio

 urlLink AnimeOnDVD.com >> Disc Reviews >> Kiddy Grade Vol. #1 (also w/box) this be the release day and price. Man I liked what I saw subbed (a few eps) so I can't wait!

 urlLink Anime News Network - Apparent Tokyopop Manga licenses

 urlLink Gamers.com : Xbox : SSX 3 : Reviews good game for this season a must play, even if you don't board.

 urlLink Xbox Live on fire - News at GameSpot makes sense more reasons to get it its more popular. And its way cold out! I want xblive :( or warmer weather

 urlLink Gundam title bound for GameCube - GameCube News at GameSpot hey fans (i admit I am mediocre on gundam/mecha) first ever gamecube gundam game! whoooo! this shortly after special gundam gamecube. sweet.

 urlLink Akadot - News - Manga no Hi damn missed it it was 3 days ago just made around 3 days befor that. We have comics day here comics are honored and some free, now we need this manga day here in usa... gonna be a few years though I think.

 urlLink ????????? - ????? - ??1 ghost in the shell innocence trailer, enjoy fans! :)

 urlLink SPEED speed racer the classic on speed channel, note you need digi cable or satelite.

 urlLink Gamers.com : Article pretty sure they are no longer doing much if anything with shenmue, new group as I said awhile back.

 urlLink Oprah Winfrey on the prowl for game addicts - News for at GameSpot straight from another nutjob who makes money off ppls problems etc

 urlLink Nintendo revives GameCube production - News for at GameSpot

 urlLink First peek at Sony PSP - News for at GameSpot hey I interested just hope its not a ngage looks better though.

 "Dear VIZ Customer, We have become aware of a printing problem in our recently-released Shonen Jump graphic novel, One Piece, Volume 2. On page 146 the page was cut-off and on page 193, the wrong page was added and the correct final page is missing. We are in the process of reprinting this title and replacement copies will be available after November 14. To receive a free replacement copy of One Piece, Vol 2, please tear out the misprinted page 193 of the book (the one with 'to be continued in One Piece Vol. 3!' printed at the bottom) and send it to: Cascade Print Media 3520 South Pine Street Tacoma, WA 98409 Attn: One Piece All requests for replacement copies must be received by May 31, 2004. Allow four to six weeks for delivery. Please accept our sincerest apology for any inconvenience this may have caused. Best regards, The VIZ Team" This is annoying they need to cut down the times this has happened/happens. :( at least they issue statements like these and take care of it but geez.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Toktopop Acquires 5 Clamp Manga though you could say they lean towards the ladies (best group for ladies) they got some stuff everyone can enjoy or more guyish like chobits which has made me a fan thus I look forward to at least trying all their works which I have so far usa wise outta this list I am most interested in the legend of Chun hyang. Good news. Damn tp they got all the manga!

 urlLink Anime News Network - Interstella 5555 on DVD sweet hope I can find for rent, if not I guess I can buy. IT was in japanese theatres for awhile as well remember? I broke that news!

 urlLink Anime News Network - Live Action Updates I don't see these being very good. Devilman I didn't like as an anime. or cutie honey. Go nagai sucks, a bit of a nut.

 urlLink Welcome to Animefringe the best anime ezine around I posted some articles try voting for their top 25 links article. :) Also on this chobits being kiddie porn, it could be taken that way I guess but well its not its read the article I guess I'm defending. Good series

 urlLink Animefringe: Editorial: Anime Down Under now you see why (other than the country itself and a million other reasons) I would like to work in anime industry in australlia? they need me, they need help. Cool madman the group I'd like to work for the best group in au. :)

 urlLink Animefringe: Features: Mao-Chan a nice preview for what looks like a very kawaii show I actually wouln't mind watching the love hina stuff just makes me wanna see it more! :) lets hope it comes out fast, I say best show of its 15 min episode kind. hehe havent even seen it.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Inside Studio Ironcat hmm.. more on this situation. personally I have no use for them no more megatokyo no more need

 Whoa! urlLink anime-reviews.net (ar.net) has launched version 3.0 of the site including well a new look/layout and lots of new features. They have a great bootleg source and I"ll be handling the fansub reviews section. We do need to get on with animeinfo also this month tons of giveaways, oh and dammit join the forums! Later

 urlLink OutRun2:Home I wanna play this!

 urlLink N-Gage price descends again - News at GameSpot I don't care I still won't buy one, die bastards die! long live nintendo!

 urlLink The Legend of Zelda Collector's Edition Bundle Impressions - The Legend of Zelda Collector's Edition Previews for GameCube at GameSpot for zelda fans who have yet to buy a cube or those who have lots of $$$

 urlLink Anime News Network - Interview: Monkey Punch to some extent I like that last part about digital manga I still want print but digi is nice.

 well I just saw the new harr potter movie trailer. Can't wait to see the movie now I know its out this coming summer and looks as good as the others though azkaban was my least favorite of the books it was ok I hope the movie is or maybe better than the book was. Anyway its coming! go watch the trailer somewhere. :)

 urlLink Anime News Network - New Anime in Japan look for them via import and of course digi sub :)

 urlLink "God Knows What It's Like to Be a Teenager" :: Internet For Christians sounds like a good book. I'll have to read some time. Perhaps look into it yourself. Or if you have a kid my age get it for them. :)

 urlLink Windows XP Embedded for Phantom - News at GameSpot they keep talking and saying things and updating so maybe its true (or a long annoying joke/hoax) if so lets hope all is true and it rocks all I doubt and don't much care

 urlLink New Final Fantasy XII details emerge - PlayStation 2 News at GameSpot

 urlLink Mario Party 5 Review for GameCube at GameSpot one sweet party game series but getting a little old the first was good the second was better and the 3rd just as good 4th also good but well this was just to much lets hope they stop here.

 If you havent picked up the finding nemo dvd yet you should the kids will love the extras and getting to watch the movie, again. I must say a great family film well done, astonishing cd amazing! 4 outta 5 rating.

 urlLink The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King for Xbox at GameSpot gurantee its great from this review and word of mouth and the last edition now i need to (and you to) get it. Read this. They say xbox is the best version.

 urlLink New Releases on GameSpot mostly crap :( but hey tons of past release that came out recently and lots of good stuff to come!

 urlLink Sega profits soar - News at GameSpot great news glad to hear it! love sega!

 urlLink The Lord of the Rings: War of the Ring Review for PC at GameSpot ok geek or no geek avoid this one I played the demo myself :( and this review doesnt help much get the console games from ea which I have yet to try :(

 urlLink ICv2 News - Geneon Schedules Captain Herlock: The Legend Returns

 urlLink AnimeNation News

 urlLink Anime News Network - Anime Submitted for Oscars cool, spirited away won so I say millenium actress has a chance.

 urlLink PCWorld.com - Hackers Crack Nokia's N-Gage thats not good for nokia.

 urlLink Full Metal Alchemist site opens - PlayStation 2 News at GameSpot good anime I have heard here is some info and the site for the game is up so here go!

 urlLink King of Fighters 2003 off the ropes and into the ring - News at GameSpot

 urlLink GameSpotting: Rebirth and even some younger people like me. I don't watch much tv 4-5 hrs a week and thats 99% news pretty much. otherwise its the net, dvds, and games. Why? tv sucks, its boring unoriginal most of the time and I hate watching things on a schedule I enjoy my freedom and hate commercials. And not very interactive either.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Gundam Reprints coming from Stone Bridge

 family guy: "wish upon a weinstein" Aired on cartoon network's urlLink adultswim last night it was said to be controversial, so much so fox refused to play it. I can see why it was controversial and how it would be offensive. However I was not offended and have to say its just humor.

 urlLink SpikeTV Video Game Awards nominees revealed - News at GameSpot

 urlLink More English Xbox games for Japan - News at GameSpot cool. yes games can be expensive in Japan like DVD's they often cost more than the USA in Japan.

 urlLink Gamers.com : Article

 urlLink NBA Inside Drive 2004 Review for Xbox at GameSpot

 urlLink The Hobbit Review for Xbox at GameSpot

 urlLink Xenosaga Episode II: Jenseits von Gut und Bose Media Index for PlayStation 2 at GameSpot

 urlLink Medal of Honor: Rising Sun comes to Japan - PlayStation 2 News at GameSpot polls show most of us westerners find this strange. I do as well it involves killing their countrymen during war, I'd prefer such a game (that sucks anyway) be left alone never to exist but eh.

 urlLink The Hobbit Review for GameCube at GameSpot shame I was excited and had high hopes I may still get around to playing it I have that crap lotr game for xbox from same guys

 urlLink Tokyo Game Show survey results: RPGs, yes; foreign games, no - News at GameSpot

 urlLink AnimeNation News this I doubt we will ever see or not for awhile and likely on international station or japanese special station. heres the article

 urlLink Anime News Network - Anime Network Expands with RCN

 urlLink Love Hina Gorgeous hey good price now for a modchip and or import ps2. Hell i don't have any ps2. Looks good I want! :( well here ya go and it can be had elsewhere to

 urlLink Lain, Serial Experiments 8" Doll - With Guitar (Limited) more lain goodies! I own nothing lain :( love lain just the same. so yeah here go!

 urlLink Gamers.com : Article mario kart doing well at #2 :) some anime games as well, not here in the usa will you see much of that.

 urlLink New Xbox Live bundle for UK - News at GameSpot

 urlLink Halo price nearly halved - Xbox News at GameSpot to squeez out some more sales, about at the limit.

 urlLink Sphinx and the Cursed Mummy Review for GameCube at GameSpot

 urlLink SSX3 developers to shred online - PlayStation 2 News at GameSpot cool. I need to pick this up on xbx or something.

 According to Anime-Reviews.net Viz will ship Saikano volume 1 on April 27th. Volume 1 will be a two disc set with 4 episodes, a number of extras, and will be priced at $29.98. Subsequent volumes will have 3 episodes each. Viz has confirmed to ANN that these release dates and details are correct, but that they have not yet planned for the box set. yes I heard this from the guys on the site and in the forums directly from the site managers. very cool stuff

 "Buy a replica of Nausicaa's rifle. Limited edition of 100, each with serial number and three shotgun shells. 150cm long (roughly 5 feet). Comes in a wooden case 156cm long x 28cm wide x 10cm thick. Price: only a whopping 367,500 yen (including tax). Application period from 5 December 2003 to 30 January 2004. In the case of over-subscription, Buena Vista may employ a lottery. Successful applicants will be contacted by the end of February 2004. Limited of one per customer. You can't ask for a specific serial number.

 urlLink Wired 11.12: PLAY huh. Well games can be largely christian or at least decent without the story and references. With them is good but yeah christian games like movies have low budgets so they suffer and are only on pc lets hope things change and just because its violent or something means nothing. I dunno about this christian games thing just games is fine with me though these are nice its just another ministry, that needs improvement, bad.

 urlLink USATODAY.com - 'Nemo': the little fish no one could resist I still haven't and actually don't plan on buying it. Good movie though, awesome animation!

 Terminator 3 : A cool special effects film action packed! Good? sure. worth seeing? yes. As good as the first two? no. score:3 outta five tomb raider 2 : just out today. Like the games its gonna get worse with time. The first one was pretty good this one sucked 2 outta five don't bother.

 urlLink Mario Kart: Double Dash!! for GameCube at GameSpot good score. Finally a review read tons of coverage. I loved these games and I know this one I will to. Thus I am reassured its a good buy :)

 urlLink New Releases on GameSpot this weeks release, whoa! To bad I only have interest in mario kart. Currently playing the heck out of the magnificent crimson skies on xbox its fun by yourself or with some pals its got dolby and hdtv support and well that makes it a worthy buy or at least rental and if you got live no excuse but to buy and play constantly online. 4 outta five

 urlLink The Matrix Online details uploaded - PC News at GameSpot

 urlLink Mega Man Zero 2 Review for Game Boy Advance at GameSpot

 urlLink Super Monkey Ball Review for N-Gage at GameSpot get it on gamecube or get a cube instead of an ngage. man this system is trash

 urlLink Road Rash: Jailbreak Review for Game Boy Advance at GameSpot I love this series. I doubt this one I say get for psone instead. Good game though

 urlLink Anime News Network - More New Anime a seven samurai anime man I look forward to that! better be good! Man thats a great live action movie.

 Finally I'm back in the "game"! I have rented the game crimson skies which I must say is a blast but dammit I don't have xbxlive! well worth a buy with all the at home multi and one player and then the xbx factor it makes sense. on my gaming list still:mario party 5, kirby airride, those be rentals. And I need to buy mario sunshine still now at low price, mario kart DD out this coming week, and hey I found 2-3 other used titles for cube I'd like gotta get in priority. hehe

 urlLink Anime News Network - Japanese Airport named After Samurai cool. yet another thing they took outta our book sorta. nice choice to.

 urlLink Google happy birthday miyamoto (of mario etc/nintendo) thank you, press on and have a good one man! :)

 urlLink Reading the Zodiac: A Look at TapWave's Gamer's PDA I wouldn't mind one of these if I had the cash and needed a PDA or was a real on the go person. I have none of those so I won't be getting one. Gameboy is still the best bet.

 urlLink AnimeNation - The Anime Source! - Parent's Guide to Anime

 urlLink 35 Degrees of Japan a fairly neat blog lots of pics and stuff good links good site.

 urlLink Trailer Archives: H-I miyazaki's next film Howl's moving castle has a trailer on this site. You will need the xvid codec and the file is 2.29 mbs nice animation as always and other than that not much to see here, very short. :(

 urlLink Anime News Network - Japanese request Fansub Removal well when asked groups and fans I believe should follow, saiko did the right thing.

 urlLink Anime News Network - ADV Films UK Acquisitions

 urlLink Sony takes PlayStation2 to China despite looming piracy - Nov. 28, 2003 could be a good move, they could control the market, hell they will! But the piracy is a big downside but we'll see maybe they will even with piracy still prosper.

 urlLink GameSpot - Holiday Gift Guide 2003 might be helpful in shopping, or for yourself you selfish ******* I have plenty games I could buy but decided to as of now not ask for or buy any.

 Happy Thanksgiving to all!

 Happy Thanksgiving! Be thankful! :)

 Mario Kart Double Dash Review WOw yet another mario kart game! I don't know where they can go from here but lets hope they can and that things get better or at least stay the same. This time around you get major multiplayer possibilities with co-op and multiplayer in addition to multi-player lan which supports 8. The visuals are great 8 outta ten and your sound is fine at a 8 outta ten you have like most "surround sound" gamecube games prologic 2 support which is nice. And gameplay is a blast though if you have no one to play with its not much fun. Not many levels though coulda been more of those and of course could always have hoped for online play.

 urlLink Special Edition Halo soundtrack ships - Xbox News at GameSpot cool.

 urlLink New GameCube Zelda bundle for UK - GameCube News at GameSpot

 urlLink AnimeNation News

 urlLink Xbox Exhibition Volume 4 in stores - News at GameSpot if I can find it locally (they hard to find few copies and they sell fast) I will be getting this I believe at 7.99$ locally anyway in my area

 urlLink Dance Dance Revolution Ultramix Review for Xbox at GameSpot another rental or buy for xbxlive.

 urlLink New Releases on GameSpot this weeks releases mostly crap

 urlLink New F-Zero title GBA bound - F-Zero: Falcon Densetsu News for Game Boy Advance at GameSpot yeah out this week to but overseas based on the anime btw which unfortunately is crap

 urlLink the official site a little different now. coming soon and now a trailer!

 urlLink Anime News Network - Adult Swim Announces New Anime witch hunter robin I would love to see and if I can on tv yeah! wolf's rain I have seen but would watch some more and hey maybe they will have new eps? probably is its status lets hope so

 urlLink DEAD LEAVES Dead leaves the upcoming film from Production Ig has a site and now a trailer, bizarre.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Religious Anime Showing in LA interesting very. I hope it hits dvd and soon.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Anime on International Channel cool ttv recenty gave a dvd of this away. looks like it could be good.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Ragnarok Online Anime one reason its not popular is well lack of support the english version is buggy and sucks :(

 urlLink Pokemon Ruby and Sapphire buggin' out - Game Boy Advance News at GameSpot

 urlLink Harry Potter Japanese release date set: Xbox MIA - PlayStation 2 News at GameSpot

 urlLink Jeff Milner's Swimming Blog a blog about recent disney issues. strange but yeah.And of course disney and his trips to disneyland heh.

 watched the urlLink spiketv awards last night the show was very so-so it could be way better. :( Awards worked though sad to see so many violent gta copy cats doing well. see the site for winners

 urlLink Sega sues over Simpsons - News at GameSpot well I waited for this and am not to surprised hell I was expecting and think they should have a while back. I don't hate ea but i do have well I don't like em much, go sega!

 urlLink Adult Swim will begin airing lupin the 3rd again the same 26 episodes which still aren't completely out on dvd. IT begins Jan. 6th. :) lets hope more of the series comes to tv and more dvds!

 urlLink ABCNEWS.com : 2nd Disney Director, Eisner Critic, Quits it continues I honestly am glad to see these guys doing this Eisner is wrong

 urlLink BBC NEWS | Technology | Nintendo sweeps up games awards congrats! Cool now for more such awards. Speaking of awards the gaming awards are on spike tv tomorrow

 urlLink AnimeNation News I still haven't finished the trilogy :(

 Adult Swim's new year's eve special will not include any anime. :( Oh well may still be fun

 Turns out folks Funimation never had the rights to One piece so if you want the subs they're back up on animesuki urlLink

 urlLink Deus Ex: Invisible War Review for Xbox at GameSpot maybe I'll have to rent this and see.

 urlLink Sonic Adventure DX coming to PC - PC News at GameSpot cool for pc gamers fun game

 urlLink Slashdot | EverQuest Players Defeat 'Unkillable' Monster hmm.. addictions are bad. This game is bad, pso is better.

 I now have a blogsend so if you would like my latest comments and or news email me and I can add you. A blogsend is like rss except you are notified of site updates via mail instead of an rss reader.

 urlLink Warp Pipe drives Mario Kart online - GameCube News at GameSpot cool stuff nintendo should go online eventually though officially and knock this network stuff off.

 Some commentary! First off this show with Paris Hilton now famous all the more for a new "reality" show on fox, I hate these kind of shows especially those that are offensive or distasteful fox does this alot with their shows and is at it again with Paris, I am appalled. :( About the 350 lb man beaten to death I have to say anytime I hear of such a thing I'm not sure what to think he was resisting so it was defense but the tape is horrible and the man died, some punishment is due and an apology I say. :( sad news lately he did have illegal drugs in his system also. And about this college girl Dru I hope she is found alive and my prayers and condolences to the family.

 Stuff is floating around about peter Jackson director of the lord of the rings films will be working on a king kong film this rumor is likely hell maybe its not a rumor. Also stuff is floating about that is rumor as far as I know and not much more that he will be doing a hobbit film as well, yeah!

 The starz channel will be showing blood the last vampire along with some other new goodies soon on animidnight. :) so I've been told don't believe me wait for other sources then!

 Tokyopop has sent me an email saying they will be releasing a marmalade box set with a total of 19 episodes it will cost 99$ and comes out on April 27th :) Also they have a new surver up to try.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Evangelion brings man to kill mother I have to say much like games its not the creators fault, its not the show. It may have had something to do with it but so did the kid, it was his mental stability his mind his body that did this both take the blame I say.

 urlLink Deus Ex: Invisible War Review for PC at GameSpot I heard really good things about the first but this one I only heard good things from critics most pc gamers are saying its crap course thats the demo.. I dunno.

 urlLink PSX spec sheet shrinks as Sony rushes production - News at GameSpot

 urlLink Astro Boy to wreak Havok - PlayStation 2 News at GameSpot more for the astro boy fans interested in all things astro and or the game

 urlLink California bill to prohibit game sales to minors - News at GameSpot I have to agree with this bill.

 urlLink Sega targets younger set with new Virtua Fighter title - GameCube News at GameSpot

 urlLink Seven announced for N-Gage - N-Gage News at GameSpot

 urlLink Halo: Combat Evolved Review for PC at GameSpot the demo sure isn't crashes plenty.

 munto licensed well it'd see that way but by who? well sources say Central park media. I hear a sequel is also in the works.

 Last, but certainly not least, Studio Bones has announced that four new episodes of Wolf's Rain will be released on DVD in January and February. The first DVD, on sale January 23rd will contain episodes 27 and 28, while the second, due out on February 25th will contain episodes 29 and 30. yeah! :)

 urlLink New Releases on GameSpot this weeks upcoming releases beyond good an evil being the best I'd say. Probably the best platformer out there now. I need to catch up still a week or so behind handful of games to play!

 urlLink GameSpotting: Reader Revue I'm there with this guy! less violence! praise nintendo! Good games with gameplay! art! haha yeah! I btw love these type of games for those who haven't noticed jet set shenmue all that hope we indeed get out of this "rut"

 urlLink Gamers.com : Game Boy Advance : Harvest Moon: Friends of Mineral Town : Reviews never tried the series, I here good and bad about the same amount of each. maybe I'll rent the upcoming gamecube version when it comes out this coming march (due to delay)

 urlLink Phantasy Star Online v1.0 days are numbered - GameCube News at GameSpot

 urlLink Hit Gundam game to get U.S. release - PlayStation 2 News at GameSpot Good news for gundam fans few games come out here and most are so-so this one I dunno but at least another is coming, lets hope its good.

 sega and arcade games sure this was once the gaming focus, still big in Japan so I suggest Sega give it more of a go over there but I'd still like to see a handful of console games a year in addition to arcades. Arcades are pretty much dead at least here in the usa so if anything more online games would be good.

 more fansub stuff! yes well urlLink live-evil does the best gilgamesh subs I've determined if you haven't watched yet do so gilgamesh is great. Ep 9 is out now from live-evil and other subbers this week! Also finally animesuki.com has the final eps of Future boy conan so go get em'!!! I can't wait to finish maybe I'll comment on it later so far so good I just hope the last eps are great and it ends well. My fansub reviews will be appearing on urlLink anime-reviews.net soon I already have some written up!

 urlLink Interplay shuts down Black Isle Studios - PC News at GameSpot *cries*

 urlLink Gekido Advance: Kintaro's Revenge Review for Game Boy Advance at GameSpot I remember the original on psone decent game fun to play but to damn hard

 urlLink Nintendo of America launches loyalty program - News at GameSpot I finally joined but haven't done much no new games or anythign etc for me to register eh.

 A new anime movie staring Russian pop duo t.A.T.u. is set to be released in Japan in November 2004. The official website for t.A.T.u. Paragate gives no information about the movies plot but does give us a look at the staff. Paragate will be directed by Norio Kashima and Susume Kudoh while Shinichiro Watanabe will direct the opening. yes its true. Catchy tunes cute fellow dancers, this is all so wrong...

 http://www.a-seed.jp/img/top_img_2.jpg Appleseed! Remember the old one from the 80s by masumune shirow I believe? Great but this will be cg yeah!

 Internet streaming anime Already big in Japan its now making its way to USA see this link for the news and info:http://www.animenewsnetwork.com/article.php?id=4352 sounds like a decent service can't wait

 urlLink Xbox GTA Double Pack dated for Europe - Xbox News at GameSpot

 urlLink Sammy buys up Sega stock - News at GameSpot lets hope inevetible changes made are good ones. we shall have to keep an eye out.

 urlLink New Releases on GameSpot this weeks games like movies, not much worth a damn. :( well time to play catch up and enjoy the holidays I guess

 urlLink Reuters | Latest Financial News / Full News Coverage told you. Yah!!!!!!

 urlLink Wizard Entertainment anime journalist jobs!

 Good news for Aussies urlLink madman entertaintment whom handles anime in australia is releasing ten ghibli titles! :)

 urlLink Anime News Network - Tokyopop Licensing Update

 urlLink Rockstar rescues Red Dead Revolver - PlayStation 2 News at GameSpot critics were excited about this one (egm/opm mags) I am interested and sure I am joined by many in hopes it will come and not suck via rockstar

 urlLink Limited-edition two-tone GBA SP for 2004 - News at GameSpot from pics on the net I'm not interested but I'm sure some (collectors/diehard fans with $$$) will be

 urlLink Shadowbane confirmed for Europe - PC News at GameSpot

 Tokyopop has launched its Rising Stars of manga competition for the third time expect the book in the future book #2 is out in january I believe check stores.

 urlLink Panasonic calls it quits on the Q - News at GameSpot

 urlLink Cindy and Don Hewitt Interview // Nausicaa.net ok so howl's moving castle may go to disney, they talking. And I like nausicaa's cast list ok I love alison lohman in movies (matchstick men was great and Big fish looks promising) so nausicaa unlike most of disneys dubs may be one I can enjoy and shia who is ok and pat who is ok also in my opinion.. read more of it if you like.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Book about Mamoru Oshii to be Published Mr Ruh also writes columns for urlLink popmatters

 urlLink ICv2 News - Tokyopop Invades the Mass Market makes sense considering tp has most of the us titles and a monopoly on the market etc. also I gotta say I doubt it will happen at all stores soon cause my store has few anime. :(

 urlLink Reuters | Latest Financial News / Full News Coverage yes this would be good for fans of japanese things and japan and btw saddam captured wheeeeeee!

 urlLink Nvidia launches Call of Duty bundle - PC News at GameSpot

 urlLink New Releases on GameSpot all crap this week thankfully plenty of older titles to busy ourselves with. :)

 urlLink Kaiju Big Battel I watched this last night on mtv, so strange, so cheesy reminds me of godzilla type stuff but well new and stuff. :) THey have a manga and some stuff to watch online I wish they'd show more on tv its not good but its so strange and all I like to watch it a bit.

 ADV's "web stormtroopers" have created new sites for Kaleido Star, Azumanga Daioh, Aura Battler Dunbine and Wedding Peach. Currently each page has a trailer and a brief intro to the title.

 urlLink Best and Worst of 2003 - GameSpot - GameSpot xplay on techtv also did an episode and some net coverage for best of 03 stuff. My list? well most of this stuff is good but orta, wario ware, zelda, etc. rank high.

 Hope you had a very happy holidays I sure did and am now focusing on new years and my resolutions to work hard and do well :) As for gifts I'd love to hear what you recieved I picked up the book eragon as you know which gets my full endorsement also some cash and around 60 blank cds for my anime/music burning pleasure and I also recieved a new gba sp red edition with game and strat guide and carrying case. Now to spend my cash! May the rest of the holiday be as good as the begining!

 urlLink Sega.com give the sonic heroes mini game a spin see if you can get the top 20 cause I can't :( hope your having a happy holiday so far I am, I just recieved around 100+ dollars as a gift and the hit book eragon also has been recieved by me. See you again soon I gotta go

 urlLink Del Rey Online so much manga! I am interested in xxxholic and negima at least. Can't wait in the mean time I await the soon to be released ai love you by akamatsu and tokyopop and well a few random standalone titles and art books. peace out.

 urlLink Happy Holidays from GameSpot - News at GameSpot as do I! have a very happy holiday(s) or christmas whichever you prefer and I'll see you after christmas day to let you know how it went,what I got and what I think of it all. :)

 urlLink Rayman 3 Review for N-Gage at GameSpot

 urlLink the friday five today? noir I finish it! School starts its not a good thing but the biggest, finishing eragon this year? hmm.. Ai love, and finishing my first year of highschool next five? graduating high school, maybe starting college life? To enjoy it and look back and see success on my death bed, hope my death is in bed or a comfy chair :)

 urlLink Anime News Network - Anime Fringe Top 25 Results the top 5 soon the rest along with a new animefringe issue will be available the current issue has some good stuff so check that For now and this.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Viz Manga Update

 Akemashite Omedetou! Translation: Happy New year

 urlLink FINAL FANTASY VII ADVENT CHILDREN the final fantasy advent children official site is in Japanese and is graphics intense and takes awhile to load. It includes info, wallpapers, and best of all a trailer. Again happy new years :)

 a quickie, anyway happy new years eve! ITs almost here. Anyway tokyopop contacted me with this info: they have a new survey online for you to let them know what to license next. They've finalized saiyuki so look for the manga! And the third rising stars of manga competition rages on till March 15th :) Gamespot has reviews of Bionicle for pc and crouching tiger hidden dragon for xbox so check those out and if you buy prince of persia no matter what console you get splinter cell for free! :) Happy new year indeed!

 Anime Awards! well I have to say future boy conan was great nice ending also. You really should watch it and or finish it. The author of the fansubs available at urlLink animesuki is going to be selling his dvd official japanese boxset which is worth 200$ it includes english subtitles and all the episodes look for it in coming weeks. Also he and I both would like any fansubbers to try their hand at the brilliant anime cities of Gold a great show much like FBC And now for some anime end of year awards! Best digisub: oh there were plenty for sure wolf's rain and gilgamesh stand out. Out of those wolf's rain is the winner but certainly future boy conan is worthy even if it is decades old. Just the best subs (in my opinion) out of tons out this year :) best movie: spirited away best cd/music: wolf's rain best manga: love hina best new manga: chobits best series usa: noir best series Japan: wolf's rain My favorites anyway :) see you after new years! :)

 No new releases in games for awhile it seems but hey that's ok we'll all be busy. Gamespot is taking a rest also as you have noticed and I'm just layin back. I have a new lupin DVD to comment on and watch, I have the last 4 future boy conan eps to watch and speak of, oh and I saw return of the king today I was skeptical to begin with visually and sound wise the movie was amazing but story and such just kinda was so-so it was ok but well not good enough to end the series I like the first two better and must say the first is the best. The movie seemed to go on and on also way to long... 3 outta five. Guess I can be pretty picky it was worth the watch though.

 Howls moving castle delayed and new TV shows to watch! witch hunter robin will air on February 16th at 12:00/3:00 lupin the 3rd starts at its end January 5th at 1:30/4:30 it begins on the last eps but on the 11th the show will start over at the beginning same time it runs Sunday to Thursday. Howls moving castle, Miyazaki-san's next anime based on a European children's book has been delayed from its original time of July until November :(

 urlLink GameSpotting: Final Fight I did this with gamecube and thankfully no problems but I here lots of bad things about ps2 and xbox being bought early hardware and price were the issues. I rreally don't do this much though just with cube xbox I bought 6 months later, gba sp about a year later (just got one) and well I took a few years (3-4) to even buy a psone and still haven't and may not purchase a ps2. So I guess I don't adopt early or really adopt at all?

 urlLink Steelblood yes the comic/manga is still running and strong! Currently up to chapter 3 of seven is finished so read and sign up to be mailed of new chapters. Also since its original release some fan art and a quiz along with wallpapers have been added so check it out! :)

 New anime in Japan this month new shows include: monkey turn, yumeria and maria you can get previews off of animesuki.com which is currently down so try some of the mirrors. I've seen the previews which were all decent really you just have to watch a few eps so we shall see. :)

 Initial D live action movie The Chinese produced live action adaptation of Initial D, directed by Tsui Hark and featuring Edison Chen as Takumi, is set to begin filming in Japan in March. The movie is set to be release simultaneously in Hong Kong and mainland China later this year.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Press Release

 rumors galore! Grand theft auto 4 was originally said to be in Vegas by gamespot and others which seems most likely but rumors abound a few of which say Tokyo perhaps. Also it is said perfect dark 2 will be an xbox 2 launch title. They better have it on PC cause as of now I don't really wanna buy another xbox. Also rumors about the new Nintendo system things like the title "n5" are floating about and that the console will play older games. It may also come out as soon as this march. March is to soon how about 2005 march? Or this coming xmas? Even then I'm not sure I'll get one the rumors make it sound thus far like a redux console that plays mostly oldies

 urlLink The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 2D a free version of the classic n64 game. In 2d. very neat. Look for more of the game as time passes and hey give the guy some cash to maybe?!

 urlLink thank god new shows are coming cause I'm running out of anime. kiddy grade starts soon they just launched a trailer in wmp or quictime small medium or large formats the show is out next month as is ai love manga and more I can't wait!

 Release Dates Steamboy will be hitting theatres in July. Del rey will be releasing its first wave of manga titles on April 30th Riot gear comics a christian manga/comics company has launched its site: riotgearcomics.com and will be releasing volume one of its "the way" comic soon I may pick this up so look for more.

 urlLink YUKIKAZE the official site by bandai is up

 urlLink Xbox sales strong, Halo 2 held back? - Xbox News at GameSpot Halo 2? now! not later!

 urlLink Old games for new Nintendo machine? - News at GameSpot heard this rumour awhile back and have been discussing it and looking for significant proof: here ya go! :)

 oh canada! Cowboy bebop will also be appearing on French canadian movie channel Super Ecran its in English on Tmn this is all in canada folks french or english you decide. Also google search listed Inuyasha as a top search in canada for some reason the result doesn't surprise me much it seems like it would be a hit up there, it is here in Idaho as well.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Media Blasters Comic Label on the Way

 Update: well I recently finished Chobits the manga and must say though the ending was short (all the volumes were fairly short but this was like a 30 min read) it ended pretty well if you like your ecchi manga and a good romance story pick up chobits. Also lupin the third: voyage to danger was a decent film worth a rental and or a viewing it wasn't good or excellent but worthy a watch and a three out of five score. Next I will be getting lupin dragon of doom. Don't forget the original series is on urlLink adult swim starting tonight.

 urlLink STARZ Super Pak - Title View yes cowboy bebop the film will be on these days at these times on starz.

 urlLink Sonic Heroes ships for GameCube - GameCube News at GameSpot hahahaha gamecube owners get it first! looks sweet. I will be picking this up as soon as I can :)

 urlLink Wild Metal Country now free - PC News at GameSpot meh. The game got bad reviews and rightfully so it was and still is trash I played it on dc and I've played this demo.

 urlLink Phantom unveiling at CES - News at GameSpot I look forward to it. I still won't buy one even if it does come out. look at the wonderful ngage! I dunno I'm interested but thats it I doubt I'll be buying one we shall see soon.

 urlLink EverQuest Online Adventures: Frontiers Review for PlayStation 2 at GameSpot I love fantasy stuff books, movies and yes games. But this just never caught me

 urlLink Hyper Street Fighter II: The Anniversary Edition Import Impressions - Hyper Street Fighter II: The Anniversary Edition Previews for PlayStation 2 at GameSpot damn just for ps2! I want it on xbox at least also. Sounds like a good buy

 urlLink Japan a radio has announced anime in the limelight will no longer be airing on Japan a radio station.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Two New Leaders At Magazines

 urlLink New Zelda promotion for UK - GameCube News at GameSpot

 urlLink GTA IV: Sin City listed on Amazon UK - PlayStation 2 News at GameSpot :( no!!!!!

 urlLink Beyond Good & Evil price drops - PlayStation 2 News at GameSpot sweet I might buy a copy now why cause I'm cheap. :)

 urlLink Porn URL pops up in Rainbow Six 3 - Xbox News at GameSpot I think microsoft will do a patch, and should. Come on kids or at least teens like myself play these or this game. So wrong but removing it from the game will largely take care of the issue

 urlLink New Releases on GameSpot not much. But at least one good game to rent or buy:sonic heroes! no sonic battle isn't any good.

 urlLink SonicN Review for N-Gage at GameSpot hmm like neo geo or game gear kind eh? well on gba I am impressed and new sonic games are coming to gba so look for those. Also sonic heroes for the gamecube should be nice.

 urlLink Patrician III Review for PC at GameSpot

 nintendo.com is giving away five gba sp pearl blue imports from Japan.Check out their great forums as well.

 urlLink DepicT! some fun little short films here. from the uk

 urlLink Anime News Network - New Candy Candy merchandise sees daylight live-evil fansubs has released a movie of candy candy.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Anime Exhibit In Seattle fun for the kids, hell even I'd like to go. I really wanna go to seattle this just gives another reason. :)

 Sundance film festival starts tonight I wanted to go so badly. :( turns out though that you can pay ten bucks and watch videos from sundance online! Its the festival but online! If I can do this in addition to the digital cable channel I've enjoyed happy happy! I still want to go to one of those damn festivals in person soon though.

 Reports from people who have seen the recently-aired first episode of Burn-Up Scramble state that Geneon Entertainment (USA) is credited as a producer in the end credits.

 The Japanese releases of the final four episodes of Wolf's Rain have been delayed. DVD volume 9 with episodes 27 and 28 has been delayed until February 7th, and volume 10 with the last two episodes has been delayed without any new date announced. :( well as long as its good and worth the wait and money.

 well the online christian manga Steelblood has moved domains to urlLink christianmanga.com so thats where the comic will continue and speaking of which she did a huge update around 20 pages so go enjoy!

 urlLink Animefringe: January 2004 - Features - Animefringe Top 25 2004 the list!

 Well Tony Allen from MVM has confirmed that they now definately have the Tenchi movies 1&3 and Armitage Poly Matrix and have agreed terms for Love Hina, it's specials and the Ranma 1/2 movies which basically means that barring an act of god (or expensive lawyers), they should get the rights to those. He also mentioned that MVM also intend to bring out the UY OVA's at some point in the future. Is it just me or are brits screwed on anime and gaming except for some occasions and pc gaming?

 urlLink The Seattle Times: Television: Anime classic 'Astro Boy' returns with new episodes

 urlLink BBC NEWS | Asia-Pacific | Japanese manga ruled obscene censorship! Just isn't right man. Now of course his defense is wrong for trying to point to worse behaviour wrong behavour is wrong behaviour regardless of which is worse etc. however I have to say if the book is labeled for adults only covered with packaging and in adult stores only and such there should be no problem.

 urlLink Disney closes Florida studio, 258 jobs may be lost - Jan. 12, 2004 :( loss of jobs and tradition. A shame.

 urlLink Akadot - News - 45th Annual Japan Record Awards

 urlLink Akadot - News - Mario Immortalized in Wax

 urlLink Anime News Network - Press Release

 urlLink The Sims Bustin' Out for N-Gage - N-Gage News at GameSpot crap game for a crap console. :(

 urlLink Reviews - Love Hina - Volume 1 - AR.net my man Karsh over at Anime-reviews.net is now reviewing the love hina manga (instead of me) :( still working on the fansub review feature over there. In addition to the forum we have added a chat feature so try it out and if you haven't already join the forums.

 According to the December issue of the Official Playstation Magazine a columnist named Gary Steinman will be the new editor-in-chief of Newtype USA. Steinman had been with OPM for five years.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Satoshi Kon in New York Times

 urlLink Anime News Network - Megumi Hayashibara News congrats Megumi! :)

 In need of a pc game? well I found one worthy a buy and hours of play hell I played five hours straight till the wee hours of the morning it gets my full endorsement it is: rise of nations I may be playing this for well a year or years? Much like this more social less visual urlLink nationstates

 urlLink New Releases on GameSpot

 Tech TV informed us today that Geneon's Last Exile will be airing on Anime Unleashed starting the first week of March. Anime Unleashed will be on every weekday at 1am EST

 urlLink KODA KUMI Official Web Site this women rules! I love crazy for you which is the theme song for gilgamesh she also worked on the latest final fantasy ps2 game. :)

 http://www.gamespy.com/interviews/january04/am2/ some virtua fighter, outrun 2 and shenmue talk yay! A virtua fighter for xbox would be nice and info on shenmue 3 (info soon game shortly after please!) outrun sequel yippie please let me rent it sega! Or make it cheap like 20$ and I'll give you that purchase.

 http://www.gamespy.com/articles/january04/infiniumlabs/index.shtml If the console comes out cool looking small light portable and affordable (doesn't seem as cheap as I'd like but I might still buy it) and has good games (so far no) I just might in fact the service sounds great it saves space and could be really great for demos and rentals :) we shall see

 urlLink The Nightmare Before Christmas Preview from 1UP.com oh snap! I can't wait for this I will be renting a ps2 and this or buying or something!

 urlLink The Guy Game.com *rolls eyes* and yet has to admit they got some hotties But I doubt I will like or even play this. Rise of nations however! Gamespy rules. wanna play me just drop me a line or look for JD1588 on gamespy.

 urlLink Halo 2 release falls back - Xbox News at GameSpot as long as its great plus this will gives us all time outdoors in the sun and stuff and we can get it new for xmas! :)

 urlLink Limited-edition crystal Xbox for Europe - News at GameSpot ah man thats lucky. Just doing it because they hurtin overseas

 urlLink Xbox Dancing Stage and mat bundle for UK - Xbox News at GameSpot I love these games. Rejoice brits rejoice! :)

 TechTV will be airing two episodes of Last Exile every night starting Monday March 8th and finishing Saturday, March 13th. They've moved the broadcast to the more visible 10-11 pm time slot. Following the broadcast of episode 12 on Saturday, Tech TV will re-air all 12 episodes on Sunday, March 14th, starting at 4pm, followed by episode 13 at 10pm. They have also confirmed that the will acquire episodes 14 to 26 for broadcast in early 2005.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Gundam Seed on Cartoon Network

 urlLink Reuters | Latest Financial News / Full News Coverage

 urlLink Anime News Network - Astro Boy Game on Its Way

 urlLink Anime News Network - Wolf's Rain Delay Incorrect yay!!!

 Damn rise of nations is fun I still haven't one even a quick battle but hey its still fun. In fact it got a readers choice award at urlLink gamespot . Other than that hope all is well and I'd like to mention shadow's bittorrent gets my support! :)

 urlLink New Releases on GameSpot still haven't played sonic heroes. :(

 urlLink Anime News Network - Rintaro in Chicago

 New anime round up well I'm back from holiday! And I did watch a little anime in the past month or so I need to speak out about real fast before I become busy again :( maria sama is well crap. Yumeria is so-so and well not worth your time really maybe try it. I still have Uninhabited planet to try and a few new series still also but these two I wouldn't waste time with myself just try and see I've seen up to ep 3 of each and made my verdict.

 urlLink Spot On: Games Gone Wild - News at GameSpot heh yes now for the hentai. Hey I'm fine with adults playing this stuff and fine more of it to come but keep it away from kids and rate it properly some of these games coming out and I'm sure many to come should be rated AO and plenty M

 urlLink AR.net v3.0 --=-- Goodbye Red Boxes... urlLink animenewsnetwork is upgrading its hardware (server a new one!) to better serve you with faster speeds. :) you can get alot of it here just plain text nice and fast plus rumours and news from elsewhere though! :)

 Suncoast employees were instructed to remove the Berserk and Steel Angel mangas, along with adult video titles Rei Rei and Countdown from store shelves. However, some stores report that other similar titles such as La Blue Girl and Blade of the Immortal have remained on store shelves. Suncoast officials were unavailable to comment on the removal. I heard about this at the mall. Didn't look into it sorry. All I have to say is they should remove all such material dammit and really shouldn't they allow such films to exist in their stores but not anime? DO it all or not. I'd prefer they just not sell to the young and maybe have the section its in clearly labeled this is just dumb meh

 urlLink ColorWare have your console colored! I like my gamecube as it is or this one designe I saw elsewhere. And my xbox I'd rather have in a clear case. Anyway thought you might like this also I believe Yoshi of tss on techtv is talking about this tonight. :)

 Astroboy Gba game preview http://www.gamespy.com/previews/february04/astroboygba/

 http://www.gamespy.com/top10/february04/rts/ Gamespy's top ten rts pc games of all time. Yeah those are good ones rise of nations and star craft being my faves.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Shelf Life - How to be a mo-flo yep last exile is the next series I need to get on dvd or tv (techtv's au). Otherwise I'm just manga and fansubs and that dvd mentioned below to.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Review only problem its harder than hell to find if you don't live in a bigcity or buy it online. I need to pick it up I never had the cd but listened to a friends copy all the time, hell we danced to it for hours it was like ddr without the machine! hahaha yeah I need this dvd soon.

 urlLink FT.com / Industries / Media & internet :)

 Reviews! @large manga : urlLink tokyopop sent me this to enjoy and stuff well I have to say I'm not a fan of such topics as this one I can get into initial D and jet set radio but not this however hip hop types may very well like it but and I'm trying to be fair here:2 outta five. Diamond Dust Drops fansub : first off I think ideology does the best sub of this but thats just me. Also its a pretty decent show, reminds me of Boys be a bit but from girls perspective. Not bad, not as good as boys be but I'm still watching it:3 outta five. Lost in translation Dvd : Well the movie itself is great and widescreen is like in theatres you also get good sound and video options otherwise like subtitles and stuff. The extras are great this is one hell of a dvd: 4 outta 5

 urlLink Shockwave.com - ZipZaps SE micro RC Featuring Initial D an initial d online free game! wheeee! Its based on radioshack's zip zap rc cars, now how about some real zip zaps styled after initial d or do they already have them? I want one if they do! Other than sega should really bring the ps2/arcade game here to!

 Comix Wave has announced that, starting in April, it will serialize a manga adaptation of Shinkai Makoto's Hoshi no Koe (Voices of a Distant Star) in its monthly manga anthology, Afternoon. The manga will be by Sahara Mizu.

 It is also worth noting that when Bandai re-issues its back catalog in March it will be re-pricing many of its DVDs to $19.98.

 urlLink Pac-Man vs. giveaway for Europe - GameCube News at GameSpot

 urlLink Crystal Chronicles dated for Europe - GameCube News at GameSpot

 urlLink Xbox 2 specs revealed--but are they fact? - News at GameSpot hmm... I'm still not even sure I give a damn. Nintendo is dissapointing me to with their next console hell if things go the way they are I may not by a new console again.

 Happy Valentines Day! :) And now some recommendations: lost in translation buy it or rent it, I think now that I've seen it I will buy it. Also love hina and chobits are old favs pick those up if you haven't or spread the word. And the new series:AI love you from Akamatsu-san is now out so try and get that I need to as well. Mezzo DSA: This is a new fansub aone and animejunkies its awesome though the music is only so-s0 the show is a blast and has nice animation to. Check it out.

 urlLink Gamers.com : Article

 Unreal tournament 2004 demo pretty sweet. I got it in less than an hour after release but from the netherlands on a little known site I prefer not to share :P Lots of places had it and still do but they're jam packed or slow. I play on gamespy btw. JD1588 is my nickname look me up :)

 Tsui Hark is reported to have abandoned the Initial D live action movie because of disagreements with the film company over how it should be filmed. The new director is Andrew Lau.

 Although news of the April release of the Prince of Tennis manga came to us earlier this week, Viz has officially anounced it with a press release and has additionally announced the May release of Tite Kubos Bleach.

 urlLink Yahoo! News - Comcast Makes Surprise Bid for Disney I hope they don't.

 http://www.gamespy.com/reviews/february04/lupinps2/ I need a ps2. I need this game. And the lupin sdtk and the dragon of doom movie. *cries*

 urlLink Whois.Net dc comics new manga division. :)

 urlLink Anime News Network - Anime Magazine News I hear anime play sucks and not just from what I hear but what I have seen they aren't very impressive at all.

 urlLink Nintendo postpones next-gen console? - News at GameSpot

 urlLink Anime News Network - Tokyopop Licenses

 urlLink ICv2 News - Manga Market Skyrockets in 03 :)

 urlLink Coding Experiments:LainOS a lain operating system! I think I'll wait till it hits a final version or at least beta.

 urlLink Spot On: Cracking the Chinese market - News at GameSpot I just don't like the way mmogs play and I don't like to play nor do I want to be horribly addicted either, lots of things for them to work on like lower prices and of course millions of small things in addition to the gameplay which I doubt the typical gameplay will change. D&D and lotr sound good maybe.

 Half life 2 on xbox? I mean look things aren't going well on pc so I doubt it but then again maybe thats why? For awhile there eb games was taking pre orders but have now stopped doing so. Rumors are floating about that the new handheld from sony is now finished, well a prototype anyway. Nintendo will be patching pokemon ruby and sapphire but the patch will only be available to those who buy pokemon coliseum. Kind of a shame. These would be the big rumours and by big I mean even mainstream is paying attention.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Inuyasha and Chobits Action Figures

 urlLink Gamespy is holding some polls for games you can vote in called title fight only one game will be left in the end. Go vote! Rock the vote! hehe :)

 urlLink TIME.com: Drawing In the Gals -- Feb. 16, 2004 and of course girls should have manga to enjoy and trust me they do. Just stop by your shop(s) and you'll find tons of others besides the new hit now in stores:fruits basket.

 Sonic Heroes finally tried sonic heroes not bad but not good either. Visuals were good and sound though it seems aimed toward a young crowd its still decent and the camera can suck. Anyway rent it or buy on the cheap 3 outta five

 urlLink U.S. Final Fantasy concert confirmed for May - News at GameSpot I'm not a huge fan of playing the games but I love the visuals and certainly the music they offer. I'd love to attend this.

 urlLink Tsunami of new features hitting Xbox Live - News at GameSpot makes me want it all the more, I need a extension cord for my controller and a wireless headset.

 urlLink David Crawford - SMS

 urlLink Sony Pictures - Memories official USA site.

 Viz quietly released a press release dated February 13th, announcing their June 2004 manga releases. Saikano, Cheeky Angel, Imadoki and Red River will all premiere in June. I so want saikano manga and anime.

 Gundam seed dvd release in 2004 and its officially confirmed.

 urlLink F-Zero 2 confirmed for Europe - Game Boy Advance News at GameSpot

 urlLink C2BF AnimeReactor coordinated effort yes help out I am and we all should.

 urlLink New Releases on GameSpot in my opinion nothing good but thats just me. This weeks releases.

 Ai love you Thumbs up now go get it! Since love hina was and is so popular this should be easy to find even I found it in this little town of mine. Nice new usa only cover art and an interview with akamatsu-san However urlLink tokyopop is releasing it one issue every two months :( its eight issues long.

 urlLink With new notebook, Dell says 'game on' - News at GameSpot a year or two ago my 8200 dell was the same as this one "the gamers notebook they said. Soon this one will be absolute. Sounds good but a note: machines this powerful and portable weigh and cost alot which is why I won't be buying another like it. Next time I go ultraportable. Just get a desktop if you travel this thing will drag you down in two ways

 urlLink Australian IT - Tamagotchi returns (Correspondents in Tokyo, FEBRUARY 04, 2004) I remember these from elementary school when I started to love all things Japanese from well the girls of course :) to anime mostly pokemon type stuff. I remember it wasn't as big a deal as pokemon (25% or so of the kids at my school had the games and more than 50% watched the show and collected the cards ) I remember them though and I remember wanting one even though only a few kids had them (maybe thats why?) and the few who did were well I didn't know but one she was Japanese (my first crush :) so yeah sorry for babling I think I want one of these if and when they hit the us or at least I will go get one off ebay or something! *hurries off to relive younger days*

 -- Negima to not be censored Dallas Middaugh, Director of Manga at Del Rey, has announced the following: "NEGIMA, Volume 1: Magister Negi, by Ken Akamatsu, will be published by Del Rey on April 27th as scheduled without any alterations to the author's original artwork and text. At the suggestion of one of our leading national book retailers, copies of NEGIMA will be shrinkwrapped with a label that states: "Contains Explicit Content, Ages 16+" on the front of the book." Which is the same thing tokyopop has been doing with akamatsu-san's works. I will read this one but it will be the first of his brilliant works I don't purchase I'm not a huge magic person. Ai love you is great though.

 ADV Films announced today, at Kamikaze Con, the acquisition of Getbackers, Mezzo TV and Hello Kitty Sanrio Paradise. mezzo is awesome but now I have to wait for dvds instead of getting the subs I've been watching. :(

 urlLink Area 51 update - PlayStation 2 News at GameSpot the arcade game is a blast, I'm excited! :)

 urlLink More Midway Arcade Treasures unearthed - PlayStation 2 News at GameSpot I love old school stuff to an extent at least. I love my gameboy games and I love some atari now and then online for free (i'd love one of those paddles that has 10 in one games though for 30$) and I have to say I might be buying these midway titles hey they are pretty cheap to.

 urlLink Anime News Network - New Shoujo Manga Magazine for Boys

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Doomsday Cult Leader Sentenced to Death

 urlLink Anime News Network - Sound Decision - Rock 'n Roll I can back up the flcl review here though its short its a damn good cd actually better than my recent akira review I'll give this one a 3 outta five.

 Volume three of Nobuhiro Watsuki's Rurouni Kenshin manga has secured the top spot on BookScan's list of best selling graphic novels over the last two weeks. The book has sold over 8,500 copies since its January 24th release. Also notable is Kenshin's place on BookScan's Overall Adult Fiction Top 100, which considers all mainstream American book purchases. I've still yet to read these but they are available so soon perhaps.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Cartoon Network launches "Miguzi" block

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Congress Holds Hearing on Indecency

 urlLink Doom 3 due April 15? - PC News at GameSpot

 urlLink Next Xbox to skip hard drive? - News at GameSpot hmm... another way to make money via mem cards and such. Well that sounds good if by getting rid of the hds the console will be smaller and lighter I also still want: faster processor, better graphics of course sure why not, no need for dvd remote, and a 3 disc tray!

 PSP held back? thats what is being said, that the console is being held back until as late as march 05. I'm interested somewhat but am pretty happy with nintendo's monopoly of the portable market and polls say most are.

 Interstella 5555 Was an ok film die hard fans should buy it most of us should just rent it. I downloaded it :) anyway turns out some action figures are coming also. heh.

 urlLink New Releases on GameSpot not a good line up of releases this week :(

 urlLink Capcom and Sega collaborating on new PC game - News at GameSpot I've come to enjoy pc games but still am very skeptical of the whole online game idea on pc's you know the mmogs this one could be my first that I enjoy I've played a few and liked none but with this we shall see the heavy anime influence and the fact that sega is working on it sure helps I just hope its affordable and fun.

 The AMV awards See urlLink animemusicvideos.org to download these and more! Best comedy: I wish I was a lesbian Funny video reminds me of the classic:tainted donuts Best drama:euphoria, techno tunes with rahxephon scenes I'm not a fan of the anime this is still a good vid best love hina: Tommy B rude's "the hell that is keitaro's life" featuring zebraheads "the hell that is my life" and video from the anime love hina. best akira: not sure by who I think some german group its akira riot scenes with rage against the machine's "beautiful world" My favorite videos of 03 :)

 urlLink Classic Square RPGs going cellular - News at GameSpot

 urlLink GameSpotting Shareware Edition indeed this week was a good one the 32x article was nice I'm a huge sega fan who owns no or few sega items :( and this demo discussion of course demos help I've played several recently that are/were a blast and thus have several pc titles on a list of to buy games. I've always loved getting game console discs via mags but imagine how much better it would be to download them like off of xbxlive m$ this is brilliant now implement!

 Review:Akira Soundtrack First off damn this is a tough one to find but most anime sdtks still are. The music is great but the sdtk has little of it really only 10 or so tracks I don't think I can recommend or say this is a great sdtk its not a bad one its a good one but I wouldn't pay much more than 10-13$ for it and have fun finding it score: 3 of 5 points. Look for reviews of: Daft punk's discovery and insterstella 555 later this week. Hopefully I can get some other stuff to :)

 urlLink Rumor Control: Microsoft buying Midway and more Need for Speed - PlayStation 2 News at GameSpot the midway & m$ thing may be bogus but you have to think about it for awhile I mean hell theyd be a good match and all. And more fuzion frenzy and tomb raider? Come on no more mediocre!

 urlLink Call of Duty nabs Game of the Year at D.I.C.E. - News at GameSpot

 urlLink Prime-time TV losing out to PS2 - News at GameSpot if I had xbxlive I'd rather play than watch also.

 Stuff Finally reserved halo 2 for 5$ at my local urlLink hastings also rented R Racing revolution for xbox I'll have a review later. And it seems xbox Next will not have a hardrive news continues to say. While you wait for that review (among possible others) enjoy: urlLink thesecretmachines great band, great music you can stream online and then buy and download months before the real cd is out! I love it enjoy.

 urlLink Dead or Alive Ultimate delayed - Xbox News at GameSpot :( as long as its worth the time and money and I like it.

 Sitting around thinking of the coming summer and I have the gaming part figured out: dead or alive ultimate, xbox live, other live games. Otherwise I have yardwork,swimming running playing and anime to download and bbq. I wish it'd hurry and arrive at least spring has nearly sprung. Get this I've started recieving gamepro urlLink for free signed up on some site and got it free 12 issues saved 20$ also got ahold of pcmag at magazine city. heh.

 the old one was pretty good but I haven't entirely finished it I always fall asleep watching the sub late at night. I look forward to this.

 urlLink Electronic Gaming Monthly Teaches You How to Power Shop I occasionally trade but rarely I should say. Now this used buying I do more often still not as often as buying new but that is about to change.

 urlLink Phantom playable at E3 - News at GameSpot cool. THis gives me an xbox feel but smaller more powerful and it will play pc games. Also this online thing means online play, movie previews perhaps demos and full game rentals all at home if its like this and affordable with good titles I'll be buying one. One thing I've noticed I tend to have all the hardware available all I miss currently is a ps2 I have everything else but I have few games like 15 about 5 per current console heh.

 urlLink GameCube selling out in U.S. - News at GameSpot yep now everyone's getting one partially because they wanted one to begin with and the whole nintendo franchises and parents of course like nintendo and the price is awesome now. bah I bought it first thing! hmph. At least it looks saveable unlike the dreamcast even with low prices and well it was perfect just like the cube it still didn't make it I was affraid that was happening to the cube, apparently not. :)

 urlLink Tech News Watch - Channels - Lockergnome actually alot of gamers aren't fat maybe more so than they could be minus games but I think most don't mind a few extra pounds. Now some of us just get a little out of control I myself now run on a tred mill and drink water while gamin' hahah :) Violent? Well gta sure that might be a problem otherwise... meh

 Akamatsu-san speaks out on Negima Yes well as you heard this week del rey was going to edit the manga then not edit it some posts were made by akamatsu-san the mangaka behind the manga on his site the ailove network he said he wasn't mad it was all a misunderstanding and actually pretty funny. :) Glad its all ended well.

 urlLink Untitled Document get your toonami tunes volume two!

 Currently playing/watching: Unreal tournament 2004 alot of it. And as for viewing I recently watched memories the new show from akira creator well I need to watch it. heh. And I'm still watching gilgamesh. I am also awaiting the ending of true love story oav and am searching through numerous series to watch. Have a great weekend.

 urlLink Doom 3 for the Xbox gets exclusive co-op mode - Xbox News at GameSpot yes well I do think I want this game and I want it xbox! man I have a huge list of games I've neglected to buy or preorder. So far halo is the best I've done with a pre order I guess I need:ninja gaiden, preorder doom3, ultimate doa, and a handful of older titles and of course others that will pop up. And hardware wise it seems the psp will be the soonest release of consoles that I may be buying unless we get a surprise from another company. God I'm poor and way to busy for all this.

 urlLink Ninja Gaiden could get Euro makeover - Xbox News at GameSpot boo! No censorship! No edits!

 Random madness! Final fantasy concert is sold out and took place today. Speed racer special edition volume 2 is coming out with goodies. I loved that show as a kid maybe I'll pick this up. Adv has liscensed maburaho, no more digisubs guys! Ann had some downtime this week. Oh and unreal tournament 2004 is out go pick it up the game kicks @$$ I've played several hours just today! :)

 urlLink SAIKANO-USA.com - About SAIKANO now for the manga and anime. I got half way throught the anime and to number 2 of the manga. manga I can finish and afford. the dvds are gonna take time to even come out and look expensive :( cool site

 urlLink Anime News Network - Japanese Box Office

 R:racing revolution Review platform:xbox Published:namco developed:namco multi? yes for up to 2 players Extras:challenges,hdtv,dolby Graphics: Were good sure but things were missing it seems I don't know all they included was 480p hdtv I would have liked at least 780p to have also been supported and maybe more detail. 8 Sound: The music sucked just your typical instrumental stuff nothing special and no custom soundtrack support. Vehicles sounded ok. 7 Gameplay: Well sure it was fine arcade mode is a nice way to jump in and learn then go to the main mode which is story not that it has a great story mind you just a girl who drives an ambulance real well getting a chance to become a race car driver through some group wippee! Controls were ok and customizable but I was annoyed the vehicles could have controlled better they seemed out of allignment for christ sakes! For those who suck at braking and such there is a brake assister thats nice. multi could have been better to via better music and the availability for maybe better everything like more players able to play. Replay: Theres lots here I guess but I doubt you'll ever replay the story mode as the story's not that great and it takes a bit of time to finish (not long maybe a full day I beat in a rental) and then you can re race in arcade and time attack which are just meh. As for the challenges those might keep you for a bit longer. multi is a joke with only two players and a bit boring not likely to keep you busy. Overall: 7 its not a bad game nor a good one.Rent.

 urlLink New Releases on GameSpot as I've said for a long while I'm way behind and have lots of games to play anyway so this weeks list of crap games is no big deal.. for me and even then I still would have liked some good ones. I here worms is ok for party's but not a worthy purchase really. That firefighter game just doesn't look like you'd want to own it when such games are super cheap on pc and or way more fun in an arcade.

 urlLink Anime News Network - Anime on Starz half this stuff I've seen on this vary channel

 urlLink Anime News Network - Anime News : "Viz's copyright page includes mentions of a few titles that Viz has not yet announced as licensed. These include Here is Greenwood, Yami no Matsuei,W-Juliet, Kare First Love and Kanata Kara. "

 Animenewsnetwork just broke this and it was earlier reported by trsi. Yay! If I can rent them I will even though I've seen them. I really want the new episodes that are expected most of all.

 urlLink Rumor Control: The Nintendo Nitro and Son of N-Gage - Xbox News at GameSpot the nintendo thing bogus but hey cool rumor name anyway. The M$ story hell this has been around before live came out modders were worried. All you need though is a switch to shot off your chip and likely your safe. I guess they'll kick you off live. Fuckers.

 Random Updatestrong> The recent gaming conference uncovered some news involving m$ trying to dominate the gaming market and btw its now in San Francisco starting next year. Techtv has been bought out by comcast as a result some new faces will show up and old will leave. What does this mean for anime unleashed? Not sure but maybe things will improve? ON anime I'm not sure. Now in the gaming area this could mean xplay will see some sort of added material and improvement alla urlLink g4tv. Also tripping the rift the new show on Sci fi channel is well as expected somewhat funny and perhaps worth your time its a cg comedy check it out and see if you like it. I myself have seen the first four eps and think I'll be dropping it. so-so not sure how long it lasts or will and its a mature audience show for sure. Yugo a new political anime about a negotiator based on the manga of the last ten years of the same name is now airing in japan and available subbed online its pretty dang good so give it a try! Good. Lasts 13 eps rated pg13 I'd say. Now back to UT2004 :)

 urlLink New Releases on GameSpot some good pc games this week. Everything else is rental or not even that. In fact nothing on this list has my interest except far cry. Just picked up a copy of unreal 2004 off to play! :)

 urlLink Happy birthday for GBA SP - News at GameSpot very cool. I wonder when if and what the next gb will be like? I do think I will try and get a psp when they come out maybe ps3 since I skipped ps2. Still need wario ware dammit! Think I'll pick it up next time I'm out.

 Tokyopop announced at Wizard World this weekend that they have acquired the rights to the second Boys Be manga series, Boys Be... 2nd: A Guys Guide to Girls. The original Boys Be manga remains unlicensed... for now at least. Tokyopop's Jake Forbes explains that they chose to license the second series because its subject matter is more contemporary, mature, and compelling. they also announced they would be doing an original star trek manga the latter I could careless. But boys be manga series one was pretty good and I loved the anime I'd like to see the anime released by viz and tokyopop should go ahead and release the first manga as well!

 I can't seem to get the link but look up this company: NEO FUKUOKA they make a working akira motor bike, the one kaneda drove in the film :)

 urlLink Portland man in 27-hour Asteroids marathon - Arcade Games News at GameSpot holy sh*t! WOW. Best I've done in an arcade was well I dunno I've played maybe up to three hours of games like capcom vs snk and street fighter/soul calibur. Geez. Otherwise old school games I'm best at dig dug which I maxed out at about 5 hours before I lost and its the best score at least at the arcade I used I should go back and do some gamin.

 urlLink New Sega-Sammy publishing deal - News at GameSpot

 urlLink Anime News Network - Press Release yes well that is alot of manga. None of which I care for.

 News! Xbox is now officially going to experience a 30$ price cut. All I know is right now the damn thing is worthless till I get halo 2 and doom 3 on it. Nintendo is going to be releasing another special edition gba sp soon. urlLink Gamespot has two great features up:game music, and snk. Speaking of snk they are indeed back I'm looking forward to buying the metal slug titles they release. I once owned a neo geo pocket. I would have bought a neo geo pocket color but they sold out at the one place I could have and I don't want one enough to pay $$$ now.

 Yes well tenchi is pretty popular right now because of urlLink Tenchi Muyo GXP in fact the international chanell has started showing tenchi stuff on their channel unedited! They also showed AH! MY goddess movie unedited as well. Yay! Speaking of Ah! My goddess rumors are about that more anime is to come :) Even ANN has been giving it some coverage. Don't know much about it though. Rising Stars of manga volume 1 review: Finally picked this up (you really should use your library!) and hey it was pretty good. I liked this urlLink guy's best. The first one which won the grand prize was also indeed good. All of them were decent and worth the time. I just found out the love hina best selection cd is out this month so I'll be picking that up and volume 2 of ai love you maybe some initial d. I got money and a little time not much though. So look for more reviews. Another quick bit of news anime-reviews.net has its gundam info site up and gundam has sold 1 million dvds in Japan whoa!

 It looks like Nokia isn't going to give up that easily. Today, they've announced the N-Gage QD, which is mostly just a redesign of the original N-Gage. It'll include an external slot to insert games, rather than the awkward internal one the first N-Gage had. Nokia will also create the N-Gage Arena, where gamers can play each other online with their N-Gages. The N-Gage QD will be released sometime in June and will retail for $199, or $99, depending on your phone service contract. Well thats better but uh I still don't plan on buying one or recomend one.

 Saikano is soon to be release by viz. IN fact viz released a preview disc I recieved as did urlLink anime-reviews.net and urlLink animenewsnetwork both have reviews available. I agree with their reviews. I saw half the show subbed and hope they get it all released in quality but also quickly! Now someone needs to pick up boys be! ALso recently watched sakura diaries which is a cheap buy! And a damn good show. 3.5 of 5 worth your time and the small fee of admission. Tokyo Godfathers is now in stores looks great I should be getting it soon check it out. Looks like a good family film also. Game wise not much going on in the world if you ask me I'm just chillin playin a little ut 2004 still.

 urlLink Animefringe: April 2004 - Specials - Life on the Fringe

 urlLink cheapassgamer.com is a pretty sweet site for freebies and cheap deals check it out. I enter give aways all the time, get free magazines all the time ( I have a free urlLink gamepro subscription going this year) and I am a regular for bargain bin, used games and trades at stores and pawnshops. Trust me a great site to check regularly. Speaking of buying I need some memory for my damn pc and some new games perhaps as well. Tokyo Godfathers was a great film the dvd is worth your time if you enjoy kon's work or a good film I'd even say this is a family film (ten on up) just be warned it lacks a dub (bad move!) and extras as well. 4 outta five just the same.

 Howl's moving castle video clip released Source: urlLink nausicaa.net The guys just posted about it though the clip was released back in January, but hey its ok I to missed it. Unless this is old which it may be and I just forgot but the post on nausicaa was dated April and I can't remember seeing this clip. It can be downloaded off nausicaa.net in wmp8 format and mpeg you may need software to unzip the files also. Book Recomendation: William Gibson's Idoru I finally picked it up and highly recomend it now that I am finished :) Also got some new games to speak of coming soon.

 Wow its been a bit. Been gaming as usaul but nothing new just unreal and some old stuff. E3 is coming up so you will see alot of stuff about that on this site and others. And of course the Nba playoffs are now in session! Not that you anime types or gamers care but I do so maybe some of you do, basketball is my sport. :) Anime wise I've started getting some new subs lately: gantz the new 11 ep show by Gonzo digimation is looking pretty good so far, and I am still watching the political show yugo which is alright I started and now I need to finish! And of course I am looking into rumours that a few years back a second future boy conan was made ? I found a similar ghibli title entitled 3000 leagues in search of mother though its 52 eps and even from just reading about it I doubt I will like as much as FBC. Some new Miyazaki films are on the way both of which I will/would like to see though neither sounds particularly great. Big miyazaki films for me to still see include: his new film howl's castle, and yes I have still not seen porco rosso or my neighbor totoro. Wolf's rain a show I absolutely loved watching on sub awhile back is coming to the USA on dvd at the end of June and is already on Adult swim. All they edited of the first ep was the entire opening song and most of the ending sure thats not to bad but I'm still pretty pissed. I may buy some of the series on dvd to get the new eps and I wouldn't mind some collectibles and such. Definetly watch this one. The dub was fine but nothing special.

 Azumanga Daioh anime dvd review: I've heard you will either love or hate this show. I myself came out loving this show! ITs funny not horribly so but funny, the animation is good and its definetly pretty cute. The music is well nothing special but I recomend giving this show a rental and see if you like it I myself will be finishing it, the manga is also available. A 4 of 5 rating seems good. Free! Get tribes 2 pc game for free in honor of the coming tribes vengeance game stop by gamespy to pick it up I think I will. Found another free online game some may enjoy its like urlLink nationstates but with and mostly dealing with war, pretty fun and free for now sign up and enjoy. I am the nation Rakuen. Speaking of nationstates I've managed to nearly abolish income tax I'm down to 12% and happen to be doing a good job in the freedoms area wheeee Finally bought mario sunshine a year or two late but I though hey its 30$ brand new and its the perfect time of year (spring/summer= sunshine) to play it. So now I have it to enjoy and beat. I recomend it highly by the way. Later. Damn its been awhile

 Still yet more on E3 and gaming! Not only is urlLink EB offering pre orders of nintendo's new portable the DS for about 200$ but they now are offering a new limited edition of Halo 2 that includes commentary and a making of feature along with art galeries and it comes in a tin box. This is a good one for all the die hard halo fans who have tshirts action figures and so on :) Sega is of course also working on and showing off the astroboy games for ps2 and gba, but rumor has it a huge announcement is to come! A new home console I doubt sighting sega's cut back in size and finances but a portable is possible, yes another portable! We shall see! Also it turns out they are working on the matrix online as well along with a pretty neat game for the eyetoy on ps2.

 More E3 YEs well a gundam seed game was shown (see gamespot among others) for gba and ps2 its gundam assualt so you remember the first assualt games on psone right? Fun little fighter for gundam fans. Did I mention tecmo had a sweet booth? they did. And there upcoming collectors/online edition of their popular series of DOA is gonna be sweet it includes the old game and number 3 I believe complete with online play and a collectible pack of cards it should hit this summer. Also for fighting fans SNK is showing off king of fighters game on ps2 and such, they are alive and well! Sega had a number of games including otogi 2 for the xbox there first big hit of its kind after some similar titles failing on the gamecube and xbox as well as ps2. They also showed off a sonic game for Nintendo's DS :) TV games: Yeah actually alot of em. Stargate Sg-1 is getting one on pc, as is ER and another law and order game. Er and Stargate might be fun stargate likely the best. Again I'd have to say Gamespot has the best coverage and so do the individual companies themselves, and of course me so keep up with all this coverage somehow at least.

 urlLink Dog's Life E3 2004 Hands-On - Dog's Life Previews for PlayStation 2 at GameSpot Strange and as far as I know a first.

 urlLink Donkey Kong - Game & Watch Emulator hmm.. interesting! :)

 E3 coverage begins ! First up yes the site is seeing some changes :) ANd now for my E3 coverage a good site for coverage: urlLink gamespot thanks to them I almost feel like I was really there, a big thanks. So xbox first then:well the big games being fps games like doom 3, halo 2, unreal championship 2, and of course the star wars republic sequel. I'm really excited about doom 3 on xbox and its exclusive co-op mode. Unreal championship 2 is going to be much better than the last and for the first time ever will actually include a real one player story mode which I am psyched about. Halo 2 of course is the biggie! At e3 they demoed a level titled "zanzibar" (sp?) and showed off the new features like dual weapons, new vehicle designs/destruction, and so on. NOt to mention its coming soon they say and multi is gonna be sweet!!!!!! Nintendo had some damn fine stuff. Mostly with the DS portable I am now officially stoked about! The thing looks a bit large I guess but so cool looking. The innovations with touchscreen/dual screen,wireless tech is pretty neat and the games look sweet, imagine playing n64 visual games with up to four friends wirelessly and all this and more on the go! The console is already being pre ordered out by a number of stores for about 200$ I hope its that or less I want one! Nintendo says they don't plan on killing the gba sp which seems true with all the games they still have lined up for gba, the DS is not supposed to do any connections to the GC. Sony's psp is looking sweet. The console has a beautiful design, some good games of course and I believe is also priced around 200$ for the first time in a long time I am really psyched about portable gaming and I'd love to own both of these fine consoles. Ngage is just looking well still poorly. They showed off some games most of which were blah. They should have done the new design and all these games at launch, and now with psp and Ds at e3 they're overshadowed there and forever more. :P Besides portables and FPs games I found myself interested in a few others like nintendos release to come of donkey kong bongo musical game I wasn't expecting to hit the USA along with a mario pinball. Halo 2 seems to be the big winner of E3 especially for M$, nintendo is getting attention for its DS console mostly with attnetion to its games of course as well and I have to say I am most pleased with nintendo who also has some good stuff for zelda fans to. One more quick thing a patch is now available for Unreal tournament 2004 which I am still enjoying very much so. I still need some more memory to more full enjoy, and I recently joined a clan I need to get active with. More sooon!

 urlLink Custom Robo Review for GameCube at GameSpot looking into picking this one up as a rental soon if I can I'll let ya know what I think. NOte: originally released in japan on nintendo's n64dd an n64 add on

 E3 final wrap up: The phantom it seems there is one new homeconsole coming, its the long waited,rumored,rumors galore mongering phantom. At e3 the console was demoed, it plays pc games among others (no games announced yet) it looks pretty cool and has some nice powerful specs (I'd rather play on it than my pc) also its going to be out by xmas around november 18th and get this will cost 200$ to buy or is free with a 2 year service contract, the service is 30$ a month. Now if I can play pc games on this, on my tv and the hardware is impressive and I can get other games to (rentals!Trials! etc.) I may actually pick this thing up but its the 30$ a month fee along side paying for the games that bugs me it sounds a bit expensive I'd like severe cuts and some good games before I commit. $$$$

 Bill turns parents into prosecuters against comics,dealers etc. http://www.cbldf.org/pr/archives/000181.shtml Read the above link. Not good I mean at least they capped it and they aren't really banning the stuff but still I'd prefer this not pass.

 All anime movie theatre now open!Only one of its kind in the world and first of its kind, now open in japan! http://orient-com.jp/

 Manga reviews SGT Frog- A fun little manga coming in at 8 volumes written and created by Mine Yoshiaki its a fun read for all ages, cute to. Its not horribly fantastic at least not the first two volumes and I noticed as always tokyopop had some stupid errors but hey. 3 of 5 points consider it at least read it. Negima- this is the new one, the latest of akamatsu-san's work though he is already working on another in japan. Its about a ten year old prodigy/magician its pretty damn funny and I think many if not most fans of love hina will enjoy it give it a shot. 4 of 5 points. This one is published by del rey it includes a Japanese preview of the next volume (number 2) and of course was in my opinion well done and includes translations notes. Del rey has done a good job I feel with what I've seen so far but I'm a bit upset they are releasing so few titles (4 as of now) and taking so long to release new volumes also they cost a bit more than tokyopop mangas but meh perhaps as time passes the price will decrease a dollar or so and they will kick up production? lets hope so.

 I was hanging out at the local hastings for the release of Lord of the rings 3 on dvd around 50 people showed up it was great started a little before midnight and lasted till 1 am or nearly two I believe. The dvd is great btw. Anyway urlLink tokyopop has an official store open now where they sell there stuff check it out. Also I picked up some new manga: Negima by ken akamatsu new from urlLink Del rey manga I'll let ya know what I think of their work and the manga itself. I also picked up Sgt frog from tokyopop which looks pretty good I'll be back soon! :)

 Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban review The movie was great it had some fantastic special effects and followed the book well. Emma Thompson's character professor treelawney was pretty bizzare but not in a bad way and the new Albus Dumbledore went with her well but I prefer the original actor I have to say. Overall it was a good film worth seeing as always the books are better but the movies including this one are great. :) 4 out of 5 stars

 Rave on tv tonight The anime based off the manga also being released by urlLink tokyopop its on cartoon network tonight at 8:30 So check it out and look for edits or edit lists online and stuff I myself am not interested in this one.

 AH well yes harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban hits theatres tomorrow its gonna be huge and of course I'm looking into seeing it, possibly tomorrow! Also beware a virus is spreading I hear that claims to be a harry potter game so be on the look out! Also the harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban game is now available on all the current consoles I haven't tried it but I'm sure its as good as the last which means many will enjoy it (I myself don't like them) and if your into quidditch the game is selling for a bargain 20$ on all consoles. Linkin park released their new video this one is for "breaking the habit" its animated by production team ig who recently worked on kill bill. Stream it urlLink here or find it for download.Its pretty sweet stuff. Update - Gonzo digimation also played a part in it. Microsoft announced that true fantasy live online is now cancelled the us branch says its due to the complexity and cost and yadda yadda while Japan says its due to not being able to offer quality in the title. Who cares play PSO (phantasy star online) instead! later.

 urlLink Family Guy Volume 1 sweet I'll buy these (hope they come out regularly and not every two or three months heck its along time till they start to come) and whoo! New episodes in 2005

 urlLink Fortune Small Business - Small Business - Small & Global: License for Adventure 80-90% of my manga is from Tp and I also happen to read alot of imports to online of course. God I love manga I read at least some every week now a days practically. :)



 Ten year anniversary! Not a good one though really. Today is the day laws and such were passed to regulate video games and give out ratings like movies get. ITs not working to well and its just causing harm to the industry and if I'm not mistaken wasting time of government and government resources etc. Yes thank you joe lieberman! :( bastard! A recent study released says games aren't being rated well enough that many T rated games should be M and few games have been rated AO though some should have been. Fine and I would agree and could list some titles to. But the point is none of this is even needed and all its doing is hurting the industry and thus gamers and its uneeded! Dammit! Speaking of gaming I haven't done shit in the way of gaming for awhile now which.. doesn't bug me much actually I now play less than an hour a week for the last few weeks now and for the last few months its been like a few hours a week, thats healthy but whoa! hehe

 Hey! I'm back its been awhile eh? Had a birthday celebration for my younger brother I got him the trigun mangas which it turns out Darkhorse comics will be releasing a new animanga (like tokyopop's cinemangas) in the future. We had a blast with a really tasty lotr cake and of course a week before his birthday we saw the new harry potter film which we both loved as did those who also attended. Also in other news anime expo is coming up and summer is in swing to we anime types are having a blast with no school and plenty of time! I just started watching a new show since Gantz was liscensed the new show is samurai 7 based of akira kurosawa's seven samurai its one of the first or few high def tv shows which cost about twice that of a regular anime to make, its a sweet show so far and I've seen a few eps. Also just picked up volume 2 of azumanga daioh the anime which like the first is well worth your time! And manga wise I've been reading ai love you which I just finished the latest third volume which hey was pretty good! Looking forward to more manga as soon as I can afford it but right now thats not the case. Maybe some more anime rentals soon would be good to dunno look for more soon now I'll stop rambling about various things :)

 "First" christian game developer http://www.gamespot.com/news/2004/06/25/news_6101443.html The report is wrong I've played several christian games by for instance urlLink N-lightening software However these guys will be the biggest and the first one to succeed. YOu know whats sad? I played all the games listed (oregon trail,carmen and such) and I used to listen to odysey on radio.

 Rumors and comments on them and more! Just adding some patches to UT2004 I missed both of the patches and new game material to its been a month or more since I last played! But I'm back on! Still need some new games, perhaps for my birthday coming up this summer :) Rumors have been around alot lately. Here they are. bungie is developing a halo for gameboy or a portable console, like say ngage, gameboy, psp or others. This rumor is false though it could have been neat. How is it false? Bungie said so on urlLink their site and so did urlLink gamespot ! Nintendo DS games will cost 50$ a piece! Well nintendo has not confirmed it but urlLink Eb has them listed at that price and they have psp games listed their as well! Kinda sucks :( but they will be more expensive to develop and of a higher quality than previous games I'm sure I mean they look like playstation/n64/gamecube quality in visuals. Of the two consoles I have to say game wise I like the DS best but am leaning in favor of the psp well we shall have to wait and see which is the best choice :) And here is something funny! gay marriage is indeed to be included in fable soon to hit the xbox someday haha! :) Controversy!

 Princess Ai http://www2.fanscape.com/tokyopop/player.asp Looks like it could be the hit of the year in terms of manga, its a new series from urlLink tokyopop with Courtney love and Dj milky behind it, its an original american manga coming out July 6th I will have a review up soon on this site once I get it and of course check the above link out for more!

 Love Love From what I've seen of this short series (8 episodes) based on a dating sim game I believe, I am not impressed and will not be backing this one up. Don't waste your time. Its animation is nothing new that isn't a bad thing but its getting old the lack of creativity and innovation in visuals this shows. Also its not all that funny the jokes are old and get old after awhile and the fanservice is a bit over the top really its just a lame show that I can't give more than a 2 out of 5 rating. Skip it. Oh story you say I said nothing of characters and story? ITs about a guy wanting to be an actor who gets stuck making a documentary about girls making a cosplay movie. Bleh.

 urlLink Tokyopop Has a new store of course and its full of goodies! But also they just opened a street team called manga force or something like that I just joined and they also launched a new flash player to enjoy as well! Also a new survey up about buying manga let them know and you could win something. I actually won once awhile back. I buy most of mine at hastings entertainment superstores but some at barnes and noble. I have yet to order online at all any manga. I've picked up a few titles through my library which is nice. :)

 Wario ware inc is indeed the best game of the last year man. I've been playing the hell out of it since I bought it for summer which means I'm a bit behind but hey! Its great to just pick up and play real quick but is also addicting. And definetly strange, but this is a good thing. A must own and must play, great for travelling of course. 5 out of 5 points awarded. That fun little political online game urlLink nationstates has been redesigned (the sites look) and should speed up and such to they say and so on yay! I still have and use most of all my first nation which is Josh Dollins named after myself its now the size of china hehe.

 Animated Shorts! I love em no joke. ANd now some commentary on the subject. Computer animation is likely my fave for shorts dunno why but with flash in second and its close. Most probably prefer flash most people I know do. Anyway stop by urlLink atomfilms and check out Ego and Grey 50% they were great. Also see urlLink animusic.com thats a great cg show you can watch some of it online at atomfilms and elsewhere or buy the great dvd.Another great musical cg animation is drum machine. I can't find it but The clayman you know he worked on the recent Xiagra had a great HP lovecraft short out I wish I could find. Best flash: Ninjai the littlest ninja, could hit big screen or dvd someday and could eventually be finished to! heh And uh now for the crap: Avoid born sinners not just because I am a christian it got me to chuckle a bit but its just not that good. Same goes for Arj and poopie and Doodieman thats some lame shit (pun intended) Alright I need to quit watching this shit and go to bed but first up I should have some new anime reviews soon including my thoughts on the first eps of samurai 7 and a new romance/comedy based off a dating sim called "love love" so wait up! Other than that I have a trip to head off to so later peace out

 Japan a radio, Happy birthday! Today urlLink Japan a radio celebrates its third birthday! :)

 Princess Ai is out on shelves now pick up a copy if you can, I'll review it once I get one whenever that may be. Check it out as I said its in stores!!!

 Randomosity?! Well I just bought myself a used copy of lost in translation, its a great film well worth watching over and over again and owning much like last samurai which I bought awhile back. I almost bought the 40$ wolf's rain vol. 1 boxset but didn't, maybe later. Also picked up 20$ Soul calibur 2 for gc yay! And halo for pc so I got some gaming to do this summer still. Reading 1984 by george orwell its a classic and so far a pretty good one. Other than that some news is floating about that nintendo's DS will come in the second week of november for 180$ and games at some 30+ dollars as much as 40$ possibly! I don't even buy that many at the current price so heh. Ok later

 Random News &nbsp; urlLink Boxtorrents.com just got busted and severely damaged by the bust for distributing licensed anime, ADV busted them. Heh. &nbsp; Bandai has been cracking down on bootleggers who produce bootleg dvds of their works at conventions like the recently passed anime expo. &nbsp; Gantz season 2 will be starting at the end of august. I wish I could have finished the first one before it was licensed! &nbsp; Game wise I dunno and haven't played much either. I'm thinking of getting halo pc for my birthday with some of my gift money. &nbsp; &nbsp;

 My birthday is coming up in oh about 5 days :) can't wait I have some travelling and of course new goodies to. Love your library and use it, I just picked up the new lupin secret of mamo dvd ( I recommend it to lupin fans of course) Rating it a 3.5 or so out of 5 I enjoyed it. Also lots of manga at your library. Well other than that I just won an award giving me free goodies for reading to :) Well later :)

 My birthday has come and gone. It was great. I recieved a copy of players choice edition of soul calibur 2 but now need a new controller to play multi as my old one has been broken. I recieved money fortunately so I can afford this. And maybe I've been thinking of trying out battlefield vietnam though I have my reservations or issues with it. We'll see. I also finally got halo for pc which is great and btw a new trailer is out give it a watch man I can't wait for halo 2 I just hope I can finally get xbox live to play it with. Other than that Not much in the area of anime been thinking about watching kino's journey a new series out on dvd and learned of to my brothers pleasure a new blue gender series.

 Book Review: Wow George Orwell's 1984 book was great! Very good! I just picked up the film which from the first half I'd say is pretty good and would say watch it when you finish the book. Also just read a great christian/teen ww2 novel by Dean Hughes called Soldier boys , I thought it was pretty good. I should get around to reading xxxholic here soon and comments will follow when I do. Also soon will review the lupin mangas. Also next anime to begin along side azumanga is kino's journey. Azumanga Daioh manga The azumanga daioh manga was good but I'd say its really really close to the anime I noticed very few differences between the first manga and the first few anime episodes but maybe the manga lasts longer than the 26 ep anime or something but right now I'd say both are equally good and very very similar. Good rating not excellent but good just like the anime, 4 out of 5 rating.

 PC game reviews! Ice Breaker by urlLink Reflexive Is out now it seems a bit like ice climbers by nintendo reminds me of that game anyway. This is a puzzle title, it has a story mode but heh lame simple as that. And a prize mode where you gain items. The game is fine and some may like it but as for me I didn't much care for it. Timing seemed off to I would have released this in winter not late summer. SO-SO rating not bad but not good or excellent. 2 out of 4 score. Don't buy this one try it at most. Magic Ball also by urlLink Reflexive This one doesn't have great visuals I like them and then I don't it sort of has a blurry retro look to it which works but heh. The mouse setup was a bit to fast but that can be adjusted and the game was fun to play if you like the richochet extreme titles though I prefer them this one adds some cool 3d effects and design to it. Good but not excellent which By the way I'd say the ricochet extreme games are excellent. So consider buying this one if you like the ricochet games, its at least worth playing but not necessarily buying.

 Irony The nightmare before christmas game will be released after christmas! haha now thats ironic

 This is stuff to be read on Easter! Matthew 28, luke 24, John 20,Acts 10: 34-43, psalm 33.

 Okay recently watched castle in the sky great film on vhs adventorous and fun good rental this spring! Just got a copy of spirited awaY as well! You gotta see these films. I have a secret by the way... look forward to finding out what it is next to another change in this site! This will make sense soon.

 Today is good friday so try reading these verses and such John 18:1-19 Psalm 22 and Isaiah 52: 13-53

 Want to listen to some good peaceful religous etc music suited for this time (or any) well if you live in Boise, Idaho tune in to 89.5 ktsy fm or see 895ktsy.org on the net.

 So where exactly do you start to savagely eat your choc bunnies on easter? Well according to a poll 75% of people go for the ears, including me!

 HEy just wondering what your favorite easter sweet was? YOur choices are:cadbury cream eggs,jelly beans, hot cross buns. Alright let me know mine is the cream egg which according to a magazine means I am a deep thinker! (thus the title!) As for jelly beans your a kid and hcbs your a traditionalist and stuff.Later

 HEy like the new site? It is in honor of easter little something i designed. Hope you like look forward to some coverage on sweets and such maybe some biblical stuff. Later

 William gibson (author of the good but overrated novel: NEuromancer) has decided to stop updating his (decent, better than mine) blog available at williamgibsonbooks.com urlLink

 Like robots? So do I. LIke videogames? Good, so do I. Check out techlives robot special. And extended plays last show (today) robot special sat. next week x-play

 Happy 50th anniversary dna! (see google)

 I have heard good things about artemis fowl so I am getting the first of so far three.LEt you know what I think.

 Hey been wondering who this morgan webb is (a hacker who recently defaced madonnas site asked her to marry him) who is actually #1 on yahoos buzz? WEll she works for techtv she used to be on the screensavers and is soon to be on x-play (see techtv.com) also visit her blog at morganwebb.com and email her at morgan@techtv.com

 Okay I am going to quit talking anime, here, look to otaku14.blogspot.com to see anime stuff.

 Hey want the abilities of a copy of winzip but don't wanna pay? Well check out webattack.com and look for izarc! Its free and supports tons of stuff! (unix as well) also another anime series I enjoyed is ranma 1/2 and I stumbled accross a site called animeinfo.org check them out!

 Interview with adam sandler is up at techtv.com also see lockergnome.com (free email newsletters,stuff) go to the webcams and have a look at chris's xp desktop! Nice!

 I recently heard of some shady corporate stuff going down in the anime biz that may ruin good ol conventions and make them not for the fans largely by the fans but a big commercial this blows otaku rule!

 Out from under: To resist is to piss in the wind. Anyone who does will end up smelling. Knowing this why do I defy? Cause my inner voice is yelling. There is a fist pressing against anyone who thinks something compelling. Our intuit were taught to deny, and our soul were told is for selling. Get out from under them resist and multiply!Get out from precipice and see the sky! Get out from under them Resist, unlearn,defy! Get out from under precipice and see the sky! Not long in words but longer in tune. Under my umbrella: WHen I close my eyes ... I can see for miles. Theres comfort in my darkseat... and chaos in the aisles. These eyes are not your eyes and these eyes are not the color that your arrid eyes might be. No, I was not around when those eyes of yours decided so I refuse to kneel before the sights you choose to see. When I close my eyes... I remember how to smile. Under my umbrella... I'm an accomplished exile. THese eyes are not your eyes and these eyes are not the color that your arrid eyes might be. No, I was not around when those eyes of yours decided so I refuse to kneel before the sights you choose to see! If this is right, I'd rather be wrong. If this is sight, I'd rather be blind. Good stuff, no? Deep. Send comments to:joshdollins@cableone.net

 Hey late I know so I am writing cause I am done and ready! I am working on a band (no members other than I as of now) we shall be called incubus (not the medieval demon but great cause of mental distress) a few songs are complete! HEre they are!

 Ps this sars sh*t is scary! Whatam i gonna do! (asian love gonna kill me!)

 Been thinking along with my recent purchase (and three more upcoming love hina mangas) I will rent anime and games mess around on the net and do school work yard work etc then my b-day arrives! Already got it figured out (see animecastle.com) kaola cookies (four packs, strawberry and choc) then love hina 7-12 and love hina dvd 1 with collectors box! Total: $102.00 then I will be happy till school starts when I need school stuff and soul calibur 2 (gc) then xmas I get love hina xmas movie and lh manga 13 & 14! Well theres my year of big purchases (excludes rentals and small things) I am so bored well time to go out side very nice lh lh lh lh lh..., I am insane!!!! deep

 Yeah visit the animenetworksite (available through advfilms.com) man this channel is great it'll show noir, burn up excess,blue seed,and films like tekken and spriggan! Now if only it were availble in more than 4 cities (boise please!) soon you can demand it in you town via the site! They just made it to New Jersey. In the mean time this stuff can be rented. But the stores skip stuuf (vol 3 an 4 out of 6 available) oh and I still have not seen excell saga! Crapp!

 As soon as ar.net is up agian I will let you know and I will have new stuff for them. Also if you would like to donate money let me know (cause I ordere 35$ of collectibles and candy off the net, and am renting lots plus buying more manga need cash!) also I have as you do to see angermanagement adamsandlers new film see his site adamsandler.com

 anime-reviews.net may be up as soon as this weekend or as late as next week. Domain issues have rose also... ah earthday almost over get this paper invented in china! and guess what we all use about 760 lbs of paper a year! Well I guess thats all.. deep!

 HEy anime-reviews.net will be down for awhile let you know more later. Also speed racer is just not as enjoyable as when you are like 5 and the dvd has no extras! (well some) Getting love hina four later this weekend!

 Hey interested in this stuff I talk about? Anime? Well see anipike or animehit (I may have a link there) and also see mangabit(s)

 Man am I nostalgic today! ITs like the seventies again speed racer,lupin3, (soundtracks inluded) also been listening to jimi hendrix and stuff (lupin soundtrak good also) and uh cowboy bebop has a great sound to. Chek out the new speed racer dvd! Today! Also the sims is overrated! And uh its earth day! so visit and donate for free at rainforestsite.com or earthday.net Well back to numerous things...!

 Current faves continued! WEb browser: As of now I have tried mozilla konqueror and opera on top of ie so far I still like mozilla best. Software: knoppix 3.2 (open office, the gimp, gaim,konqueror and mozilla on it goes... Extras: cadbury eggs (none left!) bbq stuff Blog: I like blogger just fine. looking forward to: mY love hina posters and playing cards accompanied by pocky (numerous kinds) and gummy candies! (see animecastle.com)

 Hye here are some current faves of mine! Tv: family guy (cartoon network, sunday through thurs? 12:30) rouroni kenshin (also cartoon network, 7;30) Shows: Berserk,noir (dvds see projectnoir.com) Books/manga: love hina and chobits (manga) beowulf. Movies: live action-the transporter anime- spirited away Looking forward to:finishing love hina and chobits reading canterbury tails watching more noir etc. What was this for? I have no idea! :)

 Try to improve! Pay bills online, recycle and participate today! Donate cash also! See Googles theme? Earthday.net great site.

 Happy Earth day!

 Ever notice things that are overrated? LIke say the matrix? Or the book neuromancer? Well those are and lots of stuff is period. Although I must say spirited away is not or harry potter (well maybe a little, by me even) never mind.....

 Like to read? On the web? See fanfiction.net for fan stuff (done with my harry potter fan fic and 1 love hina (of 3) working on other 2 as well as spirited away gotta get that stuff up there! sorry! Also see the web for beowulf (old english story) not bad, i guess. You may wanna look for iespeaker to read to you. Also Sorry no links that work in the blog. blah blah blah

 Hiring a hacker to defend your company's data? The question has been raised to do to kevin mitnik (legend hacker,writer of art of deception) who has a defense co of his own he argues that a hacker would be beneficial to defense (this is true,who better to stop a hacker than a hacker?) oh and a reformed hacker. anyway i say you'll never know till you hire and he may actually be worth it!?

 Oh another note or two spirited away is the best movie ever! Oh and speed racer comes out tomorrow (feeling nastolgic)!

 Hope you had a happy Easter! Also NoteS: THe family guy (funny animated show) is on at 12:30 am sundays on cartoon network! Oh and I hinted at working for a site known as anime-reviews.net well I may in the future and will certainly be the fourth to join but not now. Just the same I have and will submit to there site (see front page updates and ep guides) I got credit!

 Happy Easter!

 Knowledge is the most powerful force. The mind is the ultimate weapon.

 Okay this is funny but a little rude, well just not neccesary. I have made my mind up I will buy neither ben & jerry's nor star spangleds ice cream! Star spangled ice cream is in the following flavors:iraqi road, i hate the french vanilla,and nutty environmentalist. See starspangledicecream.com for info and orders. Don't order and stop eating ben an jerry's.

 An angry man defeats himself. (zen) yet another saying for you today.

 Missed xplay! Saw robot wars though, cool! Anyway thought I would share a little saying with you today: The world is a mirror, when you smile, your friends smile back! (zen saying)

 HEy ever watch iron chef? Well if not you should all this month including this past weekend was finals very cool! Also robot wars (gonna be so cool) is debuting today on techtv!

 Two weeks from now it will be mothers day! ANd so I recommend shopping now or soon. Need help? See uncommongoods.com and redenvelope.com I personally like the juniper bonsai tree at redenvelope. Take a look.(bonsai 40$)

 Freaked about sars see howstuff works.com for a great report and links.

 The show is on today on techtv about robots. THe most popular robot? Asimo (t.v.) see asimo.honda.com or techtv article. How about aibo though (sony) robots are so cool.

 Do you like Music? I do. WHat am I listening to? Well the radio and u2's greates hits!

 Thoughs are my favorite zen sayings and so I am done. Want more? Good. See:dailyzen.com and donotzzz.com Later!

 More songs and there lyrics from my band Incubus! Nice to know you : Better than watching beller bending silver spoons. Better than witnessing new born nebulaes in bloom. She who sees from 'up-high' smiles and surely sings perspective pries your once weighty eyes and it gives you wings. I haven't felt the way I feel today in so long its hard for me to specify I'm begining to notice how much this feels like a waking limb.. pins and needles, nice to know you, goodbye! Deeper than the deepest cousteau would ever go and higher than the heights of what we often think we know. Blessed she who clearly sees the wood for the trees To obtain a birds eye is to turn a blizzard to a breeze. I haven't felt the way I feel today in so long its hard for me to specify I'm begining to notice how much this feels like a waking limb..pins and needles, nice to know you... goodbye! So could it be that it has been there all along?

 A man who seeks revenge should start by digging to graves. (todays zen)

 A day without work is a day without food. (zen) Have a good day everyone!

 Hey wanna own those iraqi most wanted cards the iraqi's got? Well a site (not sure if this is good stuff) has them in a deck for 6$ plus shipping! the address:greatusaflags.com urlLink

 Want a good movie to watch? See the Emperor's club great movie!

 HMm. tax cuts good. President landing on navy ship fine. And 70% of people not able to name one democrat running for office shows:Democrats many are insane most people are imbeciles and could give a damn and yea. I personally go along with reps on most things but heres what I am pondering how could you not name any canindates? HEre are the ones that jump to my mind right away:Al Sharpton,KErry,Bob Graham,and lieberman. See easy course there is five more...

 Anyone see the new $20 bill design due out later this yr.? I have and I gotta tell ya looks ok see news sites if you haven't.

 Okay I was thinking S.A.R.S. well along with what it really means it could also be:stupid american reaction syndrome. Now please don't jump me! I don't think americans (I'm one) are stupid! I just think that is another way it could be done. And I do think precautions have and should be taken. urlLink

 man so many words! bUt how many? Well the answer is one:honesty

 Note: sorry if some of you do not get my email when you click on contact. And sorry for some of you having issues with my archives.

 Okay time to open my pie hole on well stuff! First Bill Bennet and gambling:Hey so hes a hypocrite is this new to the type that do his job? No. IS gambling wrong? No, in excess yes, so in his case yes. He should not have gambled or at least not to the degree that he did. He has apologized and said that as long as he is doing the job he does he will not gamble. Alright now for time magazine and sars:why did they put a caucasions on there instead of asians, sars is an asian illness! I gurantee you that asians would (most ) not be offended and this is just to much political correctness.And also I give my prayers to those who lost loved ones or possesions in the recent tornado disasters. Note: send emails to joshdollins@cableone.net

 Happy mothers day! (see google!?) Note: You better have gotten your mom something! Flowers,bbq and cake for my mom. AHH....

 Hey looking for a good and yet weird movie? I recomend adaptation but watch being john malkovich first. 4 outa 5. :)

 I seem to be the only one who noticed hidden goodies like religious stuff in the matrix but this guy has to:matrixessays.blogspot.com urlLink

 Follow the white rabbit... which pill? How the hell does the matrix have anything to do with some maniacs with guns going on a rampage? IT doesn't and according to polls most agree. Also I was finally forced to watch the matrix and I think it was ok I say 4 outa five. Gonna go see #2 next week!

 Something I recomend gardening and olden tyme toons:creedence clearwater revival is awesome oh and hendrix to maybe some joplin, just me though. Also I learned a local fair (idaho) will have George Thorogood who is now 52 but still sounds good to me. I have been to a ccr concert at the fair and would like to go to this one. :) Note: Yes I like gardening, remember the whole zen thing? :)

 A rather good lain comic is up at ttv.com

 First off Golf sucks, in my opinion. Just a bunch of bored rude rich guys who think they are great, oh and they dress.. ugh! Anyway why wouldn't you want some women out there with you? Its like wrestling, wrather wrestle a girl then a guy. :) I think these guys just can't stand that they got beat! So why don't they not get beat. Its there prob.

 Fuse tv looks to me like it sucks and is anti a lot of stuff! :( but at least they are taking on mtv and all I guess thats cool. Till a good station shows up though I just won't watch. :(

 I would like to say I am sad to say goobye to General Tommy Franks and Ari Fleicher I thank them for there work and wish them luck also. :) Hmmm mtv+microsoft=monopoly but there are and have been alternatives to microsoft and now there is to mtv look for fuse tv! Sounds interesting... :)

 THanks for email! Still no archives although some stuff I wish to and might. Oh and may I say support miguel Estrada? THe guy did nothing wrong. Certain people don't want him in cause he has morals and all, its lame. note:i got a nice reply from my local senator. And also recently heard something about game restrictions of you know ages. WHich I belive is good. Although I will say I am still going to play games with those ratings that I can. :)

 Yes this is a new look. And if you wish to email me click on JD next to time of post. I do not have archives yet but when and if available just click on time of post. :)

 The matrix made 93 million dollars! WHat! Lame! The animatrix is better! Can not wait to buy that also the game may be cool. 93 million!

 Hmm.. execution by firing squad? NO. By lethal injection yes. Well there. Sadly in this case I am a minority. :( Also I love music which is why I decided to let you know what I plan on listening to for now:white stripes,311,and linkin park. In fact I recently saw something about linkin park saying why are they so popular even though they don't hang with popular crowd etc. oh and the genre they are in is "dead" well cause they made fans when it was still popular and they rock. And some of us still enjoy the music and popularity especially in music is just lame.

 Time to shoot off my mouth!Why can't the girl sing here "religious song" at school? Cause schools are biased. What should be done is this: freedom for all students to believe and say what they wish. She can be "religious" and the others not, have both perspectives. No they want only one or none many cases none. To bad. Think I heard she can anyway, and I hope she does. Bias is evil it is an evil word there should be no bias.Oh and how about all the brilliant pop stars saying come to canada. WEll I am not. And I wouldn't trust them and don't you either. This is one screwed up situation. Also note:I am a vegetarian, and you should be to (mad cow if not that you are!).

 google (.com) has a store! See site or try the actual site googlestore.com

 Google is having some sort of puzzle challenge check it out! :)

 Hate acne? Duh. Well check out candelalaser.com and or techtv.com sounds good and will get better! A cure!

 sorry about not posting yesterday. Hope you had a great memorial day. :) And I would like to thank all those on duty serving the U.S.A. And for those who have. I certainly thanks those who lost their lives doing so and pray for their families.

 Wanna talk about your fears of sars? Go to meetup.com and look for the sars section. If you were afraid of sars though why would you want to be around people? Oh and yippee! Hilary clinton's books out I really care. Other than that nothing later..

 Looking for a good film? Check out about schmidt. Oh and like the matrix and interested in anime check out the animatrix.

 WHy all this about wmd? WHy can people not think going in to improve peoples lives/save their lives good enough? No it had to threaten us. Lame. And so what if intellegince mad a mistake? Happens. Or hey what about this maybe the weapons have been smuggled into another country. Oh and n.korea for a price? Forget you! You are all like a bunch of children! I say don't give em a damn thing! Same as iraq by force if needed, no price.

 Bob marley rules you want good tunes for summer check it out. Also if you havent tried mt dew's new orange flavor you should its great. Available all summer, thats how often I will drink. :) Now I just have to try the new sprite and those disposable digi cams. :) Summer has begun!

 Ok time to sound off: A movie about or with hilary clinton? I think it will be on abc or something, oh joy! Also on tv you gotta watch monster house on discovery! Cool! Oh and the upcoming "walking with caveman" may be cool and interesting but it is not right. Impeach bush? WHy? Thats lame no way! (that segway incident in which he fell off was funny!)

 Hans blix is an imbecile, I mean why would you say what you felt that way? Well I might so fine. Anyway he is wrong though,he is not a world leader or a very good inspector. THe U.N. is a joke every day we are given proof that it doesn't and won't work. If anything it will be the end of us all.Oh and whats wrong with having the 10 commandments in the classroom? Nothing, but some think so. They are from any standpoint a good thing to follow, if it must be done why not take out the religous part and make it a moral part instead? Well we shall see....

 Hey been awhile hasn't it? So the french open was today, those people or at least those at the french open suck! THey were so screwed they made serena cry! She shouldn't have cried and she should have beat them good! But thats ok. Man those people are rude, not so sure they are "friends" I mean I wouldn't consider them that. Like a bad friend I say loose em, I've had enough! Currently listening to:boA (korean) new cd atlantis princess. Later see:jpopnation.com for a taste.

 Got the new potter book! Man it was insane at the place I got it last night face painting,card playing,cosplaying maniacs! To much for me. Book is good I am about 1/8 through it, :) Anyway if you can get one! let you know how I like it when I am actually finished.

 Okay Gray Davis is getting "recalled" this is a good thing, he is alot like a defective toy after all. :) 40 billion dollars (or more I believe) in debt he has put california, lame. Also I will comment on the music download thing, thats so messed up! I mean for the most part its just radio stuff. The music industry needs more pay alternatives and some lower prices on cd's and singles! Although I don't think its all that right and don't/won't do it the Gov. shouldn't "blow up" our pcs. Also I would like to say I give my condolences to the family of the boy who was drowned by an alligator in Florida. :( Later.

 Hey news time! Music:air guitar nationals in L.A.! WTF!? How do you decide who wins? Most passionate? Oh and btw linkin parks lead singer Chester is fine but needs 2 or so weeks rest,good news. Linkin park rulz! Ok and why do "schools" hate home school so much? Cause they don't get the money they want, they wouldn't need as much if it wasn't being wasted. Home school is not that bad a thing. Hmm and this Government vs the people thing on food? It isn't going to stop people they will still do it, maybe less. And so what if the government is trying to help out, its not a bad thing. Oh and the bbc and eu (euro union) can kiss my A$$! Thee bbc is biased and full of hate! And the Eu is evil and will be part of the end of us all! Oh and next we need to deal with iran. Screw those lazy slobs. (not all are just the majority.) And I guess thats all, now I feel better. :)

 Hmm just read some local news about a man I admire:Larry craig a senator here in Idaho. They say hes wrong cause he wants those 4 crafts he requested and was promised etc, well I will side with him. Also read a local article on young people not going to church cause "its boring" and "I don't need to" well I agree, I can do all I would at church at home so there. Except socialize. You can pray and worship anywhere! Church isn't a bad thing though, not at all. They just need some more modern music and live bands etc. More activities and my big issue is I have yet to find a church I can completely agree with or at least close untill then I will not attend. Oh and also in local news a game development group according to this source:idahostatesman.com has or is making a game called on the road to heaven or something. YOu go through levels to get to heaven, Ok I see something wrong with that. I even saw a pic of stairs hmm.....

 Hey happy fathers day if you are one (a father)! Blogger has a gear store like google now, and google(.com) has another theme thing up. urlLink

 Yay I finished harry potter #5 very good! I say much like the last (#4) a 5 outa 5. 1 &2 btw are 4 outta 5 and three I didn't like much a 3 outta 5 for it. Read! Oh and if ever in Idaho give mCcall a try, syringa (state flower) is beautiful and usaul activities can be enjoyed on lakes and such. :) Good day! Or night.

 Hey I am now on blogsearchengine.com! Also check this out, I took a test at pcworld.com on internet security and got an 82% and could win 500$ Just thought I'd rub it in, and encourage you to be safer. Anyway also hate telemarketers? Course you do. Well head over to donotcall.gov and sign up for 5 yrs of improvement this is indeed by the government and is free. If you register it is to go into affect on october 1 the site allows for complaint filings as well as registration and is available in espanol. :) Oh and I know ppl read quite a bit so do I, but we all could read a bit more!

 Ok want a good film to watch? Definetly check out punch drunk love, great film. ANyway just thought I would recommend it. Also is the nation reading more? Or gonna start to read more? Seems that way what with:oprahs book club back for the women (ick) and hilarys book for politcal types and harry for kids (and some adults to) now lets just hope there are more books coming cause I doubt ppl will go after old stuff. I for one plan on trying to read a bit more, I used to read tons during summer so maybe I will start again. You to! :)

 Guess what! Blogger has a new improved version! I like very much so, but still can not link properly. :( Anyway check out this blog kstepanian.com I like. Oh and want a search engine for blogs? Well try blogsearchengine.com I am on there I believe. :) Anyway later!

 Just saw something so cool I had to share while checking news of japan. Kirin brewing co. (japanese beer co.) has released a pretty well done and successful self cooling beer keg (can) now for soda! very cool.

 Wann read another blog? A political one? Sure. Check this out:gwbush2004.blogspot.com not bad at all. Check it out. better than mine sadly but hey, :) Other than that not much. Peace.

 mexican food yummy! But afterward you suffer dearly! Anyway why is it ok for "white ppl" to be discrimanated against? ITs not. SO why did the michigan thing happen? Cause the world is full of sh*t! Oh and adam sandler is married, in the words of adam himself "woopity doo!" later.

 News seems little, weather,sports and potter which is fine. Anyway remember the segway? They are still around just being banned all over the place. Recently in my town they decided to ban them from parks but not the streets I applaud this decision but still wonder why other cities have banned it completely? Anyway this is interesting also mcdonalds now uses tofu in there burgers! No not here in the states but in Japan and also the most popular/best way to meet a girl/boy friend? According to Japanese poll:internet. Thats it.

 I am saddened to hear of the death and injury of our soldiers recently and for all those killed or injured in moscow. :( On a lighter note hope you had a good fourth otherwise! And I have been thinking and have made of a list of men I admire etc and don't. Do :George Washington, Ben Franklin, Former President Reagan, and current president George W. Bush. Don't : Thomas Jefferson, sure he did great things but the whole slave thing and the fact he was an atheist bugs me. Bill Clinton he messed things up and dishonored us all in the oval office. Hilary Clinton another dishonest messed up politician. Lesbian at that! Oh and lee greenwood is a good man to: God bless America!

 Hey happy 227th 4th of July! Notes: Apparently George Washington sold and made whiskey, so? Also that Japanese guy one the hot dog contest, oh and why is the hot dog such a big deal? I would rather have some pizza or a grilled burger, a nice stir fy maybe, but oh well. Oh and its not to american Japanese like hot dogs and baseball! Anyway have a good one, oh and if you like urlLink fireworks and also visit urlLink anncoulter.org for her weekly columns a must!

 Ok its about the fourth so have a good one and be safe and alert! Also note: treason by ann coulter is a great book I give it the go ahead get it at urlLink barnes & Noble

 Guns for teachers? They shouldn't need them, how about another way? Geez. School is screwed up bad man, bad. Then there seems to be lots of old legends dying of one whom I will miss greatly is herbie mann great musician. Also all this mars talk, I remember something in the bible about man trying to nest in the stars and being cast out, maybe we should consider that? We won't, is it just me or is nasa a bunch of really smart ppl that are dumb? Aren't we all? (them in particular though.)

 Hmm.. mcgriddles are yummy! Anyway schools want teachers to be able to discipline kids, this isn't a bad thing just no physical leave that to the parents. Schools also want to get rid of snack and soda vendors in halls this I support but keep them in the teachers lounges for adults and responsible ppl. Also I will have a review of Ann Coulter's book treason up soon its currently selling like crazy so not easy to get. :(

 Okay I wanna rant more. I hate home depot and forever will but I commend them for putting electric/pc express lanes for those who wanna check themselves out in a hurry and pay in any way its nice, now if grocery stores would do that! Oh and all this talk about Kennedy and his marital issues I don't care I think thats rude and will not read the book! And one more thing I am angry with this tax thing there are potholes all over the streets in my town, wheres the money go? Hmm.. Oh well night.

 Mike savage journalist/entertainer (the entertainer is my opinion) whom has wrote a book ( I have yet to read) and has a radio show which was airing on urlLink msnbc he was recently fired over being impolite to a caller on air. Well msnbc should have known not to hire him he was and is like that on his show and in his book. Personally I don't like him much and I do think he is rude and all so there. Am i glad he was fired? Well I really just don't care, so there. The book I believe is savage nation and I am pretty sure his show is on the same radio station as urlLink hannity and urlLink bill oreilly

 Hmm.. treason by urlLink ann coulter is still selling very well. Very good book give it a read. Recently I heard of bush and blair being nominated for nobel piece prizes, why is this a bad thing? Its not but some think so. I think one of them deserves it particularly bush. For some reason great men who deserve this award never get it like Reagan he was a great man he didn't get one. Yet cracpot jimmi carter recently got that and before him Koffi Annan leader of the worthless U.N. I doubt Bush or Blair will win but they should one of them or both. Then there is all this talk of the recent shooting which is disturbing, like all shootings it could have been stopped had the father done a better job although you gotta cut him slack his wifes dead and he is single. The ring leader of the group had to deal without a mom and being picked on he still should not have done this and should face punishment, punishment of an adult he also needs counseling. As for the two helpers they should not be tried as adults and should recieve counseling. You think people could learn to get along and be kind but no even when it means possible death.

 hmm.. music? Well I have been listening to urlLink coldplay's latest cd and the sdtk to an anime (japanese animated series) called wolf's rain. The wolf's rain sdtk may be hard to find and could be expensive but it is really awesome! Metalica's st.anger cd is pretty good actually, talk about anger! I like just fine. Anyway as for all this africa stuff I feel we should go help. Save lives and free a people just like in Iraq we can't say to the africans well sorry we only help like Iraq. However I have an issue actually a few. The reason there is aids is there fault there have been attempts to slow/improve the aids situation and I pray it get better. Anyway I have an issue with the U.N. they admit there are human rights violations and such but yet they still aren't there helping! Koffi Annan the president of the U.N. is African himself, the U.N. is worthless. see urlLink foxnews for info/details.

 Ok I heard this question recently: "Does or why does the united states have to or tries to etc play peace keeper/ruler etc of the world? Well if we didn't help many countrys (africa,korea, and down in south america and such) would not have health care and food. They do cause we share our wealth. The reason nations like Japan prosper is because of our friendship and businness. We can all get along, but think if the u.s.a was gone everyone would be fighting to be leader of the world except whoever if anyone won would abuse it. History repeats itself. IT is all human nature, it is our nature, it is we whom will bring and are bringing about the end even the USA.

 Happy Birthday (57) Bush! Note:today is the day a group of hackers were to mess with thousands hundreds of thousands of sites, there was a site for this event which was to take place for around 6 hrs. The government has been warning for a few days now and recently shut down the hacker (s) site. Stay safe. And have a good one!

 hey just heard that senator larry craig (of My state Idaho) invited Blair after his speach in which he mentioned Idaho just wanted to say I extend the invitation and encourage him to visit, hope when he does I can meet him or something. Also as for the recent elderly crash incident I am saddened and send my condolences. :( it is my opinion no one over 70 should drive unless they take the same test other ppl take no exceptions. I prefer anyone over 70 find another way to get around, they truly are a danger. And as for this Kobe stuff I don't wanna believe he did it I think it was conesentual and all but am not sure so.. there.

 Recently there has been much talk in my current home about a festival which took place in june that lost around 160,000 $$$ the question is why? ANd how it can be fixed. IT should take place next yr and many more it has taken place for many years already. The reason they lost money is it sucked they didn't have enough new stuff and they didn't appeal to the young ppl (20s etc) who buy drinks etc at concession stands where the fest makes money. They had the young dubliners again sorta this yr that was good and blues traveler last yr. My point: bring in more young ppl friendly entertainment and make sales you do that and it can take place and families can still enjoy also.

 Hey been awhile anyway just wanna say you gotta check out urlLink blur's new cd its awesome and yes the lead singer is 2-d from the urlLink gorillaz you can listen to blurs cd for free at real.com you need real player and its in the listening cd lounge. Oh and urlLink 311 has a new cd out the 22nd three days after my bday, its called evolver you gotta pick it up! Later.

 queer eyes for the straight guy? ITs a new nbc show what it is with those guys and homosexuality I don't know. Anyway my hometown network didn't air it everywhere else did and many loved it. Good for them but most ppl here where I live don't and it was the local networks decision so to bad. Polls show most of us here in idaho think it should have been shown I don't care fine show it if you like but I suggest a later time slot last thing you need is your youngest son getting confused and asking questions. And guys can dress nice and all that and not be gay and they also don't have to hang with gay ppl I wouldn't but I aint mean either the show can be shown and maybe my local network will and I will be fine with it just after 9 pm.

 I am saddened to hear of more deaths of soldiers and also of 2 firemen in my local area please join me in prayer for familys etc. I am no longer skeptical or anything of uday and qusays deaths they are dead! As for all this they shoulda been brought in alive we tried they wouldn't so we killed em woulda been nice to though. And as for more recent talks of international troops to revive and help our troops sounds great but the greedy weasels known as french aren't invited!

 I am truly glad jessica lynch is home and wish here much luck and I do feel she deserves and congratulate here on her purple heart she has been awarded. :) Also I found out a republican religious conservative has said the bible (conveniently) told him to raise taxes (or God) the funny thing is about the story is democrats normally can't stand religion but when it benefits government it can be overlooked. ugh.

 Well according to centcom and the news uday and qusay hussein saddam's sons have been killed in a gunfight. I and many (iraqis mostly) want proof if so this is a great thing a step forward! We still gotta get osama and saddam but hey this is good. Centcom says proof will come tommorrow it sounds they are very sure. Another good thing is now it is less likely or possible for the hussein regime to return. :) good stuff! Have a nice day.

 Hmm libs who hate what urlLink ann coulter has to say? Yes, urlLink this blog is dedicated to hating ann and her recent book, thats messed up. the book is great and she is mostly right go read!!!! Oh and Avoid mike savage, tom brokaw, and our friend (hahahahaha) Mike moore the stupid white man. Oh and yea my bday was awesome thanks!

 Hey sup! Anyway I was thinking about the recent cuban imigrants issue and fond Jeb Bush was against it! Ha someone else! I feel those poor ppl should have been helped to our shores and given a chance sending them back is not a good idea. As for bad cuban ppl that needs to be dealt with somehow. Also tech just heard a great story of a 15 yr old who got photos of a man and his car who tried to kidnap the boy man that is cool! Major props to the guy with the phone most ppl wouldn't think he did nice! Also 100,000 troops will be able to vote for president this coming election via internet thats cool but lets hope we dont have any issues. Oh and check this out I gotta play this game so do you: urlLink quest for saddam its 15 $ and is a fps style game looks great!

 I got some issues it has been 50 yrs since a treaty of sorts or an armistice was signed to "end" the korean war which my grandfather served in, this is how I feel about it. I feel well towards s. korea even though there is business competition and strife between us and I will and hope all will join in defending them against n.korea once again except this time n.korea be defeated I would like n.korea to be what south is a great country I have friends from there who go back every summer it sounds and looks wonderful and the ppl have done nothing to north korea. Truman firing MacArthur and not finishing the job was stupid and cowardly macArthur was correct although what need be done was and is horrible it need be done and will likely work really were just screwed in this situation and it is only a matter of time which is not on our side nothing really is. As for the prime minister of japan being hated by his own ppl for his decision to aid us in iraq (the first time japan has since 45) and this includes not just small missions but real action. I defend him and he too gets my respect much like Blair these are the great men of our current time.

 Mel Gibson's "The passion" sounds great and although googlenews and a # of newspapers thing otherwise good for them. The reason gibson wont let non conservatives etc. in is he knows they will be rude etc. and critize no matter how good it is. And what do they care? They hate jews at least real jews and would let israel be destroyed. This is so messed up. And I tell you what even if I have to watch the film in aramiac I shall.

 hey head on over to urlLink the weekly standard and scroll to the bottom and check out "ann coulter's living" its a great parody all in Good fun I love the women although I disagree on things funny isnt? ANyway as for this Arnold for california business I was sure this would happen to be honest I am glad he is likely to win and is the best california can do cause I doubt ppl will vote for Issa (i would likely)

 Well I shoulda said recent something else that powell was quiting cause he isnt. i gotta say though just the same i dont like him alot hes ok glad he aint leaven I was ready to be totally pissed off and all. Anyway as for students being able to say the f word in school I dont see the huge deal with these 'swear words" but they are deemed inappropriate in places such as work and school and can hinder success so I would recommend they not be said toward teachers. but should it be ok to? Well yes its an expression teachers feed all this so why not? I think so. We are no different than that of an adult and should have the same rights also. I would likely not say such a word (s) in school but I rarely express feelings at school I just work and keep to myself rarely have I had such issues but if so punishment seems ridiculous. Anything else you ask? yea the recent episcopal church decision on homosexuals I have to disagree this is a church of god right? The bible is against this this is wrong. I do not hate gays nor this man but just the same bishop he should not be.

 Hmm.. still havent got that quest for saddam game help me someone send money or somethin! :( anyway as for all this recent announcement that Colin Powell will be leaving hey its a bummer the guy is smart and nice he has done a good job (I have a few issues) anyway will miss him much like fleisher bugs me so many seem to be towards bush I would glady serve sec state for bushs second term not sure why powell dont want to, messed up that is. ANyway here is an interesting blog I very much disagree with: urlLink freedomofspeach

 ALright get this apparently a documentary (endorsed by ann herself see her site!) is being made so visit the site and give them any tapes of her you have! BE a good watch this one.And I was only playing I know Dean didnt do it! But I still fear it was terrorism or a failure of our government just the same. Just playin!

 It wasnt the blaster worm virus that caused electricity to go out in the east that thing is weak in the code, come on! HEres a theory it was urlLink Dean and the canadians. urlLink Dean for america indeed dean for the destruction of america is more like it! :) hahahahahahahahah

 Geez through the urlLink blackout at least the internet worked like I mentioned the other day urlLink techweb has the story. Also found 2 blogs for which happened to cover the event a lib and a conservative: urlLink bilmon is the lib and urlLink marduk is the rep. Good blogs my fave is marduk.

 Hey for those of you in NY or somewhere with power off. Apparently urlLink Chris pirillo did it playing with a new super computer :) Check this site out chris linked it to:blackout.textamerica.com some pics send any you got if you can. :) While yall at it head to this liberal blog yet another to hate on why these get so much attention (*cough*blogger is lib *cough*) here it is: urlLink democratic diss here is a great site supporting arnold for gov urlLink california total recall 2003

 sorry everyone our greatly loved site for mods is done urlLink deskmod :( And as for this urlLink Icp being the worst band ever its true! See the urlLink gorillaz instead there actually talented!Btw this was voted in urlLink blender magazine and can be seen in the september issue

 alright what does the school system etc. (teachers union) have against virtual schools? here locally in Boise a school urlLink has been screwed big time just because there agendas they would force a child some of whom are troubled and this is the best solution into going to the school they want them to. The result well kids that do go to this school (1300 locally in my area) get half as those who go to regular school ok makes sense! They need to get over it give these kids the rest of the money they arent recieving and quit being A$$ holes!see urlLink Idahostatesman for the story.

 urlLink Feedreader | new.media.tool looking to get into this rss feed stuff? Try feedreader as linked above. ITs great free open source and has a list of feeds on news topics like:iraq,computers,net,entertainment tons more! This is only one I could find for free and it works fine in fact when it gets new headline (s) it will pop up and let you know. However it wont completely uninstall itself and I cant access urlLink newsisfree! unless I do manually. So I hope to get a new version with those issues addressed. urlLink Lockergnome supports rss and so does urlLink rollingstone If you want news quick,constantly and without searching all over the web for it try rss!

 urlLink ICON ENTERTAINMENT INTERNATIONAL this is the official "the passion" site icon entertainment is the releaser the film is possibly do in easter of 04. urlLink Moviebox has the trailer. can't wait! Oh and btw yes for those of you who have asked I am suportive of the ten commandments and hope you will all sign the petition at cc.org urlLink

 Okay been to taco bell lately? Well in california if you order crunchy taco you vote Arnold if you order soft you vote davis stays and if you get grilled burito you vote any of the other 134 choices! Ok taco bell involved in this? funny. 137 ppl running in this thing? Bizarre and funny. :)

 Yes sobig (the virus) is the biggest one spread by email ever or at least the fastest. Googlenews has the story. Remember only open attachments if warned and have your email scanned for viruses and stay updated!

 Ok so been wondering whats better winzip or winrar have you? Well to be honest winrar its quick affordable (try for free) and with bittorrent you can find it for free although thats illegal! Also its not that hard to use and compresses better than winzip so the answer is:winrar. Also looking for a good film? Check out dreams by akira kurosawa its great on dvd now!

 urlLink TechTV | Is BitTorrent the Future of Downloading? looking for a open source,free,no spyware/virus ridden program for downloading? Well i have used bittorent for awhile and highly recommend it as does the linux guru urlLink Chris Dibona and the screen savers! Great, get it!

 after killing the spider how lonely i feel in the cold of night! Masaoka Skiki (1867-1902)

 urlLink Hillary - MiniClip.com

 urlLink Google also has btw a new toolbar and its great to! I click on the blogger button and it links in this post to the page I am on (google) it also has form filler (nice) pop up blocker and of course google search without being on googles page, only works with ie makes it alot better at that, get it today!

 urlLink google has a great new feature! ITs a calculator just enter a math problem like 23+3 and google search and you get your answer. Also found saddam that I did or at least his blog (hahaha) here it is urlLink Saddam's blog

 A purpose Each life has a purpose, Each purpose a plan; Great minds find a reason to do what they can.... a hope for tomorrow, a task for today, through trouble or sorrow, Each trial on lifes way.... a purpose for living, a test you must meet, accepting each challenge, the bitter, the sweet... Cast aside every problem, rise above endless fears, keep the dream you are dreaming, wipe away hurtful tears... understanding-forgiveness, a soul that knows peace, the joy of believing as heartaches then cease.... the courage that's needed to travel each mile, a purpose unequaled- a life thats worthwhile. Garnett Ann Schultz. I just thought I would share that with everyone. :)

 yet another reason not to vote for urlLink Howard Dean is well he spams! Yes according to urlLink slashdot like many geeks spamming me will certainly not help you! Another reason to dislike and not vote for the man. As for Gary Coleman for governor of California dont vote for him! Hes so braindead he didnt even know Cheney is vice president!

 Oh joy urlLink Dr. Laura a women who makes a living off harrassing ppl and telling them how to live (dr phil is another of this type) who has been for five yrs practicing judaism recently stopped and no longer will, well whoppidy dooo! Like she ever was practicing it or properly shes a lousy lib shes a liberal jew, one I cant stand. Just some breaking news.

 Just hear that fox turned down mel gibson's film "the passion" a real shame cause well they are such good friends and all i think and wish they would have and it would have been well done. However i hear there are many others interested so thats good. :( :)

 urlLink FOXNews.com Good stuff. Toatally agree needs to be dealt with and perhaps indeed the war was good move towards dealing with this.funny to this article but what do you expect its dennis miller course its funny! :)

 want a good browser besides say ie? Well try urlLink avant i havent but i hear it has tabbed browsing a popup blocker flash blocker and google search all included i hear its fast also. I will try it eventually. Also mozilla 1.4 is out but i heard some ppl say its not that great i may still give it a try. 1.5 is now in beta. I am still working on this rss thing looking to support rss 0.91(most stable etc), 1.0(most difficult) 2.0 (second best overall good one). And found another feeder to try for linux folks called snownews i believe give it try i hear good things. And I am looking into adding comments option also. :)

 urlLink Chris Pirillo ~ Getting Screwed While Everybody Else is Getting Laid this is funny its the most popular blog on the web hes jew and used to be on ttv does good work. The latest entry is funny. :) coffee!

 urlLink Johnny Cash News Yes as reported he is ill hopefully he will get better soon. And hey he won one award as you can see although he should have and I wish he had one more. He was the crowd fave after all.

 urlLink Headline news from Sky News - Witness the event bummer remember protect yourself i was just at a business who got it. Kid deserves it his protest was done the wrong way and likely still wont change anything.

 urlLink RollingStone.com: News: Hospitalized Cash to Miss VMAs heres the article a tad different and all.

 urlLink FOXNews.com Well I hope johhny cash gets well and gets the album started and done! Also hope he wins gotta go watch now he and trent reznor did great job on that song. Good luck. As for the 9/11 transcripts i read them they werent that bad sucks that it happened and again i extend my condolences to the families.

 urlLink FOXNews.com my fave news story of day! Thats great poor kid though thats along name. :) Also arnold scwarzenegger isn't that bad a guy he had an interview with urlLink Sean Hannity go to fox and make sure for coverage if you wanna here the interview at foxnews website need to be member.

 lotr 2 dvd is out and awesome pick it up! SO good! Also again watch the vma awards on august 28th on urlLink mtv to see if the video "hurt" gets anything its up for six awards hope urlLink Johnny Cash the video is great see it at urlLink rollingstone so good. And remember the mars thing also.

 urlLink BlogRolling - The best link manager for your weblog and more! okay no body else sign up for this service unless you pay or something. I feel bad I am one of the latest registered users so I am partly to blame. :( sorry if I can i will pay. I wanna upgrade blogger to though and... well anyway ppl stop! And jason: sorry. :( luck man.

 urlLink FOXNews.com highly recomend reading the coverage and downloading the pdf's I am saddened this happended and again give my condolenses. And I demand as many others do nasa from this incident make many improvements it is obvious especially through this report that things need be done. Also is it nasa's fault sure to an extent maybe not entirely really who cares we all feel horrible about this and now improvements need be made! I say onward! Again on the 27th you will be able to around 5:52 am see if you miss it you cant see it again (mars) until august 28, 2287! Again i say no "nesting there

 urlLink The Idaho Statesman - Always Idaho its nice he came sure. ANd I am sure the liberals here including the statesman just loved it, i could care less. And he was speaking to about 10% of the pop. cause thats all thats democrat mostly in Boise. Only 200 ppl showed up for his talk. He wont get many votes or anything he wont win over idaho. Also in local news ashcroft was here trying to convince everyone was ok everyone here hates the patriot act (around 70% of ppl do) why? I dont know as long as I dont know someones close by watching what do I care unless I am doing something wrong and even if they werent watching someone still is (God) as for it being communism oh really move somewhere else then! Hell imagine china a real communist country or japan not communist but still citizens of tokyo are watched by cameras. Get over it. And dean, you suck and you wont win my state!

 urlLink Wired News: Sites Reconsider X-Rated Domain yes this should be for all or most porn sites! .xxx great use it make it a must! Oh and verification of age and payment etc. and no kid porn so screwed up this world is. And paypal should stop supporting porn or have good system to keep kids from accessing (do they?)

 urlLink Wired News: Senator Seeks .Sex good man I actually agree its good idea as well as I said to keep only adults to access that way even kids who wanna can't.

 urlLink The Japan Times Online well of course they dont want to its beneficial they make money and dont get nuked. Although bad sides to:supporting creeps screwed up country and allowing bad stuff into Japan. Need to do better job the japanese government does. :( Fine the ships come but within law and not supportive of government of n. korea.

 urlLink FOXNews.com I like this guy hes a good guy and I see nothing wrong with the ten commandments either nor do alot of ppl at least keep the commandments secularized i mean thou shalt kill is pretty good idea. Plus our nation was founded on the bible so i see no reason to change really. Glad ppl are protesting there i mean you go to the courthouse they have a greek goddess up on the wall but no cant have the ten commanments up come on be fair you want ten commanments down? Take it all down anything religious and even then secularism is a religion itself religion can not be escaped therefore decisions must be made they have and will be.

 I found you can find links and get my rss feed through urlLink weblogs.com have a nice day be here alot. :)

 urlLink Our Daily Bread: A Daily Devotional nice little read and all i have books of this they come out once every 3 months a number of churches hold them (methodist i think) nice.

 urlLink CNN.com - Our best look at Mars, ever - Aug. 24, 2003 very cool gotta try and see we all do. Do i think all this nasa stuff is good? yeah to an extent but I feel we need not get carried away. In the bible you can read that man will try and nest in the stars and will be cast out, ponder that.

 urlLink New York Post Online Edition: entertainment okay officially going to bed and no more coffee (okay more tomorrow) but i like this story and may watch. I like this guy and his last song dealing with the end times check it out! Hope he wins!And gets to be there. :) finally I say night yall :)

 urlLink Shopping Cart still not asleep will be after this damn this is my order I wish I could have and no I dont want decaf its nasty doesnt do anything for you and its for wimps! Anyway I may still try and get some and according to wired news tikrit,iraq has net access at a local cafe for 1$ an hour great guys enjoy but dont be weird about it (porn,satanic,or anything liberal/i dislike or i, i zap you or allah or whatever :) haha seruously enjoy. And look into this urlLink mozilla and coffee if you can.

 yeah I know lots of updating all at once. Stupid late night jitters (coffee!!!) anyway turns out you can get me through blogrolling.com's xml/rss feed. I will still try anyway but its gonna take me awhile I'm slow. :) night.

 urlLink Mozilla Coffee like mozilla? Sure you do i like it theres a new version out btw version 1.4 I gotta look into getting it sounds good anyway this site offers coffee for mozilla fans and it supports mozilla! Wish I could get some.

 urlLink The Observer | International | Virus writer used porn site to flood internet good article rad it. Glad these things are looked into. And come on ppl, geez.

 urlLink NEWS.com.au | Rubik's cube record broken (August 25, 2003) wow its been broken. God I love those things great they are anyway I am looking into setting this and my other blogs up for xml/rss feed and am now hooked up with urlLink blogroll so yeah.

 urlLink Aiming at Pornography to Hit Music Piracy its good they did this now maybe parents will be aware and deal with it. really its all messed up piracy and porn hand in hand.

 urlLink The Miami Herald | 08/17/2003 | Teach your children good, er, well hilarious column. :)

 urlLink okay he charges? Weird. He is liberal? God isnt liberal and there is only one god and thats the god in the bible and he is far from liberal. Oh and he's episcopalian that explains alot oh and as for his book christianity will need to change or die has he not read revelations? Geez check him out but do not be decieved.

 urlLink Welcome to anncoulter.com!

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Foxlife - Timothy Bottoms Plays it Straight in Sept. 11 Film I have a feeling as to the actors politics but who cares the movie looks good and I hope it does get some things out there. :) tommorrow.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Afghan Troops Kill 84 Taliban, Capture Leader

 Just a reminder bush will address the nation tommorrow (he did as you see below today) on iraq. Also dc:9/11 is on sunday also on urlLink showtime

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Transcript: President's Weekly Radio Address all good things although a test does not always work a kid can freeze up thus scoring poorly when he could have done well. Or could simply bomb a test and still be a brain school vouchers for private school also needed!And yes reform is good and good spending control more money is good but spend wisely schools.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Vouchers for D.C. Could Spur Wider Trend well I hope it happens and spreads.

 urlLink Good News | The most important event in history

 Gas prices to expensive for you? want them lower? Sure, we all do. And guess what it can be done and its the governments responsibility (last time i checked) to keep it under control.

 urlLink ABCNEWS.com : Spears Says Mom Approved of Madonna Kiss its all hype and disgusting. Madonna is nasty and now britney is. Apparently her parents are bad ones and she is kinda tryin to fix things up a bit to bad.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Foxlife - Depp: 'Dumb Puppy' Quote Twisted My Words I still dont like him and he is likely back tracking. Thats a nice thing about america its nice and new. Europe is fine (minus most the people) but america is better.

 urlLink SHO.com - Movies - DC 9/11: Time Of Crisis - Main Page the movie i speak of get a reminder if you need it! I got something special coming soon also likely on nine eleven.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Business - Universal Slashes All CD Prices in Attempt to Lure Music Buyers thats good all cd co's should follow I want cds to be 7.99-12.99 sounds good and tech needs to be engaged cause people like to stream and download!

 urlLink Yahoo! LAUNCH - News: Britney Spears Explains Kissing Madonna yes well i doubt her. Maybe she has before? Maybe and likely she will again. And madonna? grosse. Also on politics she likely doesnt like bush much or the war. :(

 urlLink Heaven & Hell for PC at GameSpot hmm.. getting a little carried away with this simulator thing arent we? yes. So messed up.

 I really dont care what any Democrat has to say. I personally am behind Bush 100%. I think that most Americans understand that the economy was on a downward spiral before Bush came into office. I appreciate what he has been trying to do. I think he has really risen to the occasion. I plan to do what I can to ensure he is reelected. Bart (Hendersonville, NC) Gotta go with this guy on what he wants to ask the dems at the black caucus tuesday I vote bush also likely. However I still wanna know and them answer with explanations as to why these things:abortion, health care, environment,economy and the war on terorism how will they deal with these thing and how do they feel. etc.

 sorry the show with the candidates is on september 9th tuesday at 8pm eastern. Got mixed up with something else. Remember to watch also sunday a documentary film about bush on 9/11 is showing on showtime.

 urlLink Internet for Christians fun for kids and okay for them. Not a fan myself. As for entertainment I am awaiting the joshua movie and some novels. Remember debate on fox!

 urlLink TechTV | 'The Screen Savers' Favorites also cool but I prefer adaware over spybot and yes winrar is great. Dont forget foxnews is hosting a debate today! for audio I like real player winamp is cool to.

 urlLink TechTV | PDF Usability Crimes good stuff fox and nasa recently did this for the columbia report I didn't want to read it like that online and it did take to long so I printed it and sat in a different room in my fave chair and read it much better. how about choices try some of these sites and companys need to do!

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Estrada Drops Out of Judicial Race this sucks but is understandable he needs to move on, thats cool. I wish him luck. (signed petition and everything in support I did. Did you?)

 urlLink FOXNews.com thats treason really to talk poorly of your country most countries would hurt you or something! Also its lame I am made fun of for god sakes look at this moron. And if the french are so brilliant why do they have some 10,000 people dead? Because they go with socialism thats why. He can have france, he can have his french fries and I'll have my freedom fries!

 urlLink FOXNews.com

 urlLink FOXNews.com well some good things and certainly some bad things even if you dislike someone throwing eggs at someone is rude and childish. :( come on people. I would like someone more conservative honestly but he will do if he wins that is I think he will though. Also I think he should have been at the debate but oh well he better get with it though. And also thank god I dont live there i would like to really but so many bad things i would rather not. Ok rambling on now. Sorry later.

 sites a bit messed up right now I have moved some stuff (email link and blogroll link) and added a urlLink biblegateway search engine at the bottom maybe google or something next?

 urlLink Statement from Dr. Kennedy on Federal order to remove Ten Commandments monument in Alabama - ChristianAnswers.Net great article with links to other great articles give it a read. And do some thinking. :)

 urlLink Barnes&Noble.com - Is Our Children Learning?: The Case Against George W. Bush oh yes great book lovely title to. Please do buy so you can enjoy a laught, at dems and this author. :) hahaha bush is no fool he is no different really then most of us americans dems pride themselves on intellegence and practically think their God then why are they such failures in all they do? Why are they the ones who are screwed up in so many ways morally and otherwise? Notice all the media that covered it are a bunch of lame ass morons that few if any ppl watch or like? All the kid needs to do is learn maybe have some help yes but if anything democrats are responisble and bad teachers/parents and the kids themselves.

 urlLink FOXNews.com yes parents fill that way mine and most. Some seem to like it (moms mostly stay at home) I agree it is a bit much. Particularly public schools large ones. Changes would indeed be nice of course. Another part of our culture this soccer mom stuff.

 urlLink FOXNews.com sorry man but you wont be rewarded and you may want to ask forgiveness for your sin. YOu still commited murder which is wrong. YOu and that man are both wrong and in the end God will deal with you likely neither of you without repentance will be rewarded likely punished instead.

 urlLink Asteroid alert raised for 2014 i think it is being exagerated. Cool stuff though and interesting.

 Oh and here is something to ponder get a map of the EU and of the roman empire notice the simalraities ponder this. :)

 urlLink Cloud Ten Productions and The Occultic Quartered Circle Symbol Just watched some of there films and was horrified what this site says is true and I encourage all to boycott this company and not watch their films please read the article and think about this.

 Sorry i couldnt wish you a great labor day but hope you had one! And good luck with the work week and all. Good luck also fellow students, me too :(

 urlLink Impending Florida execution piques abortion debate | csmonitor.com hmm.. weird bunch those csm's but sometimes I like em. Anyway on the subject of this story to be honest he saved many lives and the man doing the abortions deserved to die but not at the hands of this man Pual hill if anything should be left to god or much like mr hill's case the government. To be honest both were wrong. Abortion is wrong.

 urlLink CoffeeSwirls Great blog great guy good read. Fellow gnomie. :) Also I may soon be added to urlLink blogs4god I hope!

 urlLink Ann Coulter Spontaneously Combusts oh yes funny. No not really. urlLink This seems to think it would be and hopes for it. I think her blog sucks and she's an imbecile. urlLink Ann coulter is great!

 HEy i have setup rss for urlLink jdtheotaku (my other blog) on urlLink myrss and will try to for this blog. IT supports version 0.91 and 1.0 of rss and many feedreaders. I believe I am also for jdtheotaku on urlLink feedster or soon will be. I will work on this blog also. And maybe version 2.0 and some other feeder support. :) for linux folks and I am not sure if it will work but please do try look for snownews the aggregator best for linux i hear. :)

 THe deadline is here for getting on the donot call list you can still sign up it'll just take awhile. Everything goes in to affect october 1 this year thank God! :)

 urlLink Bible Gateway : EXOD 20; horrible things! Cant be in public no! All it is is a bunch of scum who dont wanna try to be good ppl they dont want to acknowledge god or live a good clean life. TO bad.

 urlLink Neighbors considers Minnesota teen arrested in Internet attack a loner also good article for the most part makes sense he was loner. ANd he isn't necessarily a computer genius but indeed is smarter than most in that area including myself. Just another kid who coulda used some help and good parenting. :(

 urlLink Yahoo! News - Girls get extra school help while boys get Ritalin all true come on help the guys ppl and enough medication geez. You'll have us to druged up to do anything great article.

 urlLink Caution Greets Gibson's Jesus Film why the nytime and so many other ppl hate this man and his film i do not know. Wait yes i do cause they are heathens. The jews should get over it mel nor his film are against them that would make no sense. And shame on fox and how is it not mainstream enough I heard of it and with all this coverage so have many and who cares! Thats fine fox can miss out on it and like nytimes suffer the shame.

 urlLink FOXNews.com

 urlLink PCWorld.com - Dalai Lama Doesn't Do Software

 been using mozilla 1.4 well tried to. It installed itself 3 times and uninstalled mozilla 1.3 then wouldnt work not to mention it wouldnt access net (i made sure it should have) and then i uninstalled it. So dont get 1.4 1.3 is fine i may get it again (uninstalled by stupid 1.4) plus there politics are buggin me. Maybe i just stick with ie? Not sure but maybe.

 Windows Tip: Hide Your Mouse Make your mouse pointer disappear whenever you type. Double-click the Mouse icon in your Control Panel. Go to the Pointer Options tab and put a checkmark next to "Hide pointer while typing." Click OK. good tip for you workers and us students lots of good ones involved with typing but here is just one.

 urlLink Wired News: Hacker Must Live With Parents well he should have to pay the 300,000 $ bill at lexisnexis and should apologize live with his parents and have limited pc access (for awhile) no additional fees or jail time in my opinion.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Transcript: President's Weekly Radio Address

 Just some notes about me: I am 15 live in Idaho (Boise) and am very into what I speak of and yes I blog alot and hope you enjoy reading please discuss also try the below site. Any questions please ask.

 urlLink WashingtonTalk.org :: Index just registered here stop by and discuss I am simply Josh15

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Foxlife - Fox Features - Country Music Legend Johnny Cash Dies at 71 better than the first. And yes he was great and please do pray for the family. :)

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Foxlife - Fox Features - Disney's a Pretty Big World After All if you must ( and now for disney it seems so) have gay day make people aware with calendars,website brochures,travel agencies, and a big sign in front of disney during the time of gay day (and goth day) for childrens and family sake. And keep those pervs under control looks like they have freakin orgys!

 urlLink FOXNews.com - FOX News/Opinion Dynamics Poll - FOX News Poll - Fewer Today Believe Bush Will Win in 2004 although it will be a tough race I feel bush can again succeed it will indeed be tough and damn close. Interesting stats, I am (not regitered voter) who thinks bush can and will win also I watched the debate on fox and am keeping close/medium ammount of attention also if voted democrat i would vote lieberman. Ok done now. :)

 urlLink johnnycash.com i was afraid as many were this would happen and it has. God bless the man and I am sure he has gone on to a much better place, he will not be forgotten.

 urlLink Michelle Malkin: Spitting on their graves great stuff all true totally agree.

 urlLink World Trade Center Disaster tastefully done and certainly something emotional. Thanks to by bud Doug at coffeeswirls

 urlLink Welcome to anncoulter.com! fantastic good stuff! Finally someone makes the japan/iraq comparison i hope indeed iraq can succeed like japan. agree with ann on this a hundred percent.

 Silent Night (september 11th edition) You say you will never forget where you were when you heard the news on September 11, 2001. Neither will I. I was on the 110th floor in a smoke filled room with a man who called his wife to say, "Good-bye." I held his fingers steady as he dialed I gave him the peace to say, "Honey, I am not going to make it, but it is OK...I am ready to go." I was with his wife when he called as she fed breakfast to their children. I held her up as she tried to understand his words and as she realized he wasn't coming home that night. I was in the stairwell of the 23rd floor when a woman cried out for Me for help. "I have been knocking on the door of your heart for 50 years!" I said, "Of course I will show you the way home - only believe in Me now." I was at the base of the building with the Priest ministering to the injured and devastated souls. He heard my voice and answered. I was on four of those planes, in every seat, with every prayer. I was with the crew as they were overtaken. I was in the very hearts of the believers there, comforting and assuring them that their faith has saved them. I was in Texas, Kansas, London. I was standing next to you when you heard the terrible news. Did you sense Me? I want you to know that I saw every face. I knew every name - though not all know Me. Some met me for the first time on the 86th floor. Some sought Me with their last breath. Some couldn't hear Me calling to them through the smoke and flames; "Come to Me...this way...take My hand." Some chose, for the final time, to ignore Me. But, I was there. I did not place you in the tower that day. You may not know why, but I do. However, if you were there in that explosive moment in time, would you have reached for Me? September 11, 2001 was not the end of the journey for you. But someday your journey will end. And I will be there for you as well. Seek Me now while I may be found. Then, at any moment, you know you are "ready to go." I will be in the stairwell of your final moments. Remember...I love you.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Bush Marks 'Sad' Anniversary With Low-Key Remembrance

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - World Joins U.S. in Marking Sept. 11 Anniversary

 Finished watching the movie urlLink joshua based on a novel last night. Wonderful film the whole family can enjoy together. Very well done in all ways. 4 outta five.

 urlLink Johnny Cash News good news and I await the new album!

 well I went ahead and watched the debate again (video) and decided to comment some more from this debate I got the feeling as I think many did these guys dont relate nor care to/about the american people thats one thing I got. I also payed attention to the individual candidates and found this; lieberman was actually doing well with say his attack on Dean's anti-israel remark and however later drug himself down. Dean gave off the impression he was well a jerk a bit intimadating (did you see kerry what a wimp) and also with his words (on michigan university etc) aimed directly at blacks which is ok i guess. Not to mention he came off a bit arrogant throughout the debate. The only guy who to me seemed straight forward and answered questions was Dennis Kasinich (sp? Sorry) and he is a nut bag a Carter of sorts. everyone else dodged around a bit. Great show.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Public Schools Fail to Teach History, Study Charges largely because they often are anti america. And yes history sucks one reason I hate public school every private school i have been to has a great history course versus public school.

 Just watched the debate on foxnews the first the black caucus has ever held. I think it was pretty much a waste the strongest of the debaters were in my opinion AL Sharpton and Lieberman. They were pretty funny the comedy was thanks to some rude audience members who yelled and screamed there opinions. Oh and are these guys nuts talking about the patriot act? Unless you are threatening to hurt someone or the USA you should have no problem unless you are looking at porn or how to build weapons on your pc you are fine I see nothing wrong with the patriot act (although many fellow Idahoans do) and as for complaints this is a vietnam how? And all this talk about universal blah blah health care sounds like socialism or something europeans do and have a look at the model of that system:France, they just lost 10,000 elderly people because of their system and wonderful CHirac! Ok well I guess I am done ranting now later. :)

 urlLink What does your phone number spell? fun site.

 urlLink Free Adrian Lamo

 urlLink Wired News: Bush Push for Stiffer Hack Fines this is fine but those who only help companies and are not spies! And also why not hire these hackers for your company to help you? This is reasonable here but for instance lamo should get some but not severe punishment and perhaps he will get a job at a company in it or something. Fine with everything at the bottome of page one but dont tax hds (i need new one soon!)

 later tonight I will or tommorrow will cover the debate on urlLink foxnews as for the post I just made about the bible code I am not sure I beleive but certainly many of the things (sept 11) have happened and this i mentioned peace soon could so keep an eye out as I will. I may read the book also. ITs the bible code by Michael Drosnin. Also just finished reading great comic series (2) called maus its rather old but if you havent read yet do! Anyway time to comment on some news first this hacker the urlLink NYtimes is pissed at really thats fine he is wrong he should ask for companies permission first befor hacking them and finding flaws his punishment should be small he should apologize and then ask permission from here on! And as for the boston tea party remake in seatle over a ten cent tax on coffee there its ridiculous! They are nuts its only ten cents! Drink less if you must and for god sakes it goes to children funds I am willing to pay 10 cents extra these people are nuts.

 urlLink Headline news from Sky News - Witness the event yeah just keep on killin! I tell you this those who explode to kill are not commiting suicide no a far worse crime homicide perhaps most accurately both! They sure as hell arent going to any heaven, just hell. Condolenses to loved ones and I pray for peace as I hope you do. Be warned we could see peace this month or next and then we have 7 yrs and then the end. Check out the bible code books in the torah a prediction can be found that the world will end in fall 2010 that means the next few months a peace agreement must be met. HMm..

 urlLink CleanFilms - E-Rated DVD Movie Rentals you may have heard of such places in your local area well now here is one like netflix get edited movies (not really up to date) in the mail for good price and try the service free also buy some. Nice service I have seen 4 or five myself nice for families and all. :)

 urlLink BBC NEWS | Technology | Google celebrates fifth birthday well happy anniversary google! I have issues with you but admitedly you do indeed have very good qualities. :)

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Raw Data: Text of Address here is the full text already commented on the speech. So the democrats are critisizing huh? what did you expect? Also they will be on television to debate on foxnews tomorrow evening hours. :)

 Just finished watching Bush's speech awhile ago, I feel it was well written sure it was short and general but he put alot of stuff in there in short time and thats all that was needed. We will learn details on things like the spending in the future so dont worry. Yes he stumbled in his speech but hey it happens he is human and just one of those people as am I. And now onward! I think going in with the U.N is fine but only if we still have most or pretty much all control. Also ponder this do the french like jews? Do the germans like jews? Do the iraqis etc. no they would all get along it bugs me and this should be pondered for that will be the final conflicts its all just now coming to surface.

 People whine we need international involvement but I see 30 or so countries are involved, I would like them to be more involved and I would like the U.N and france,germany involved (not cause I like them thats for sure) but we should still have the most control this they do not like, to bad then forget them, until they agree. As for N.Korea for know keep them under control I say and slow or stop them even if just temporarily until we finish with Iraq then we (with many others hopefully) go in and deal with them. These things will take time. As for Bush's speech tonight I will have coverage of but many democrats are saying he is doing the speech because polls currently are not in his favor, true and thats a good reason for him to. It does not show weakness he was likely planning a speech anyway either this is coincedence or a bonus and even if not who cares its politics and him fighting back is something he must do. Hopefully things will improve after this speech. See you later. :)

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Transcript: Condoleezza Rice on 'Fox News Sunday'

 urlLink Headline news from Sky News - Witness the event yes latest 9/11 news dont forget dc:9/11 is on tonight and so is Bush for his address. :) ENjoy your sunday!

 urlLink Mercury News | 09/18/2003 | The Nervous Parent's Guide to Online Music

 Glad to see its likely that the california elections will go on, i hope and believe it will. Also who do I want to win? I remind you Scwarzeneger is fine I wouldnt mind but morally I disagree so i can get finances morals and a nice guy (one of which arnie is way off on and the first hes a bit strange with taxes) with Mclintock (sp) i suggest you do to so.

 urlLink Japan Today Japan News - News - U.S. welcomes Koizumi victory - Japan's Leading International News Network good. Looks like i not the only one :)

 urlLink Japan Today Japan News - News - Singapore political analysts hail Koizumi's reelection - Japan's Leading International News Network a good thing! Much like blair and unlike others and few in his country he supports the usa and plans on and has helped us. Reform is needed in japan and he is for this and is making progress, congrats and press on.

 urlLink Virus Poses as Microsoft Security Patch heh i got this like 2 weeks ago or so. My spam filter and norton caught it i got it removed before it even hit my pc close one though.

 urlLink Google Search: have a look at these reports tons different in deaths etc. :( my prayers are with those who lost loved ones and homes etc. hopefully you are in others prayers as well :)

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Officials: San Diego Arson Fire Work of Eco-Terrorists yes they are terrorists not just peaceful protesters! They are doing plenty of harm and need to stop, fruits. Just for that I gonna drive a hummer when I get my license and chase them (if i can find them) but seriously we need to deal with them. They probably drive old beat up cars that shoot out tons of exhaust and live in a shack in the woods where they trample on mother nature and smoke pot. geez

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Ashcroft Fires Back at Patriot Act Critics if true which I am not of course a hundred percent sure, thats great. Even if they were it would be suspects etc. a normal decent guy would likely be left alone. I would rather they do this than tell me I cant put a flag on a pole in my yard. OR a sign for my business or that i cant build on my house without going by rules and paying $$$ they still do those things wouldnt you wrather they quit that? I could care less if they know how i think what i read and what websites etc. but when they tell me I cant have a sign up on my own property or a flag or i have to pay and make them aware I am adding to my home I have issues!

 urlLink BillOReilly.com: Articles - Kids And Sex true i to am libertarian on it and i too have the issue with madonna. I see way to many things on tv and the net and must try to avoid them constantly this is why i do not watch mtv or go to sites i should not, agree with bill here good man. :) note: i often do agree with him but sometimes to lib for me. anyway give it a read!

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Business - Annual List of Richest Americans Released i dont hate microsoft or bill gates i like windows honestly. But I would like the rich little guy to donate more give more jobs and make software etc. with better security and fewer crashes/glitches etc.!

 urlLink CBC News: Five-second food rule fails microbiology test (got this via dave barry)

 urlLink Albertsons.com: Internet Grocery Store, for Your Online Grocery Shopping Needs heh an online grocery store cool expensive but cool i gotta try this (my parents think its cool but arent fans of the net or this services price). Available to northwest only. Oh and for those in the storm good luck god bless my prayers are with you. :)

 Anyone heard of this crap about keeping people from:iraq,sudan,and a few other countries because they are terrorist uh hey yes security is great very important but why isnt pakistan or india or a score of others on this list? lets be fair. Or hey why at all just screen who comes cuba is another. Its not fair to the kids or the good people of these country who are being oppresed and abused that is not what this country is about or should do just screen who comes make them come legally!

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Business - Report: AOL Time Warner to Drop AOL Name either way there stuff sucks, is to expensive and they need to knock of the disc crap!

 urlLink Flash Blaine! now those stupid flash mobs are going after blain. hmm.. could be fun kinda mean and messed up to.

 urlLink Internet Magazine - News/Advice/Reviews/ISPs/Hosting

 urlLink Amazon.com: Books: Revolve: The Complete New Testament hey if it gets young girls my age to read it and all thats fine with me.

 urlLink VH1.com : News : Johnny Cash Remembered By Justin, Bono, Trent Reznor, Others also news floating around of future materail to be released, lets hope.

 urlLink A believer sings the truth - Belgian beer and Johnny Cash fellow blogger and christian great site great article on cash.

 urlLink eBay item 3348704283 (Ends Sep-14-03 09:26:52 PDT) - 84 VHS Tapes W/1 Year 'The Screen Savers' heh

 urlLink Peet's Coffee & Tea | Lockergnome the most popular (or one of) has his own coffee this is in addition to recent mozilla coffee.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Foxlife - Police: Man Tried to Cut Blaine's Water not very nice all of them are they. Thats kinda cool him doing this hope he makes it gonna be hard this way.

 urlLink A Tribute to the Legacy of Johnny Cash in Word and Song theres a slideshow also probably good but i dont recomend becoming a nytimes website member (i get the paper through others also) dont like to belong to them or have them have records etc

 urlLink USATODAY.com - 'Roses': Hearts will bloom sure it may be a "good book" but what if through this they become interested in madonna's previous works and it does make a difference who wrote the book kinda like clinton's book.

 urlLink ..::Pimp Juice::.. will you look at this crap. Its hilarous and certainly not something i would allow in my store nor allow my children to drink so beware! man the rap culture is so messed up and so is this drink dont buy it boycott and tell your stores not to carry etc. (i already have)

 Oh joy Madonna has a book out! Oh god is for kids! Yes a children's book titled "the English roses" what with Madonna's reputation all she believes and stands for why would you want your kids to read? I wouldn't even if it is harmless considering the author I wouldn't. What about you?

 urlLink ::::: Plusdeck - PC Cassette Deck ::::: weird.

 urlLink World's Smallest Political Quiz this quiz which is really popular and I believe is done by libertarians says I am a centrist in the middle of beinga republican/libertarian. works for me. As for political quizes they're every where I have taken many most say I am centrist a few lean me towards republican this is how i feel of myself a centrist leaning toward republican

 For those saying i need to look into more news and opinions, I do. I read all the news magazines usatoday and time. I read my local liberal newspaper (the only one) and I come across millions of sites also. As for tv i mostly watch fox and their site is my fave thats because i like how they work they are fair and they are entertaining I do take the time to watch nbc and msnbc etc from time to time and a little cnn also I just agree most with fox and such.

 urlLink USATODAY.com - A distinctive American voice is silenced

 urlLink TIME Magazine: Johnny Cash, 1932-2003 from this you get some behind the scenes stuff on johnny and the song "hurt" and he shares my feelings on music no genre just music! I now wonder how he felt about the war but it doesnt matter he is gone and was just the same a good man. Great interview.

 urlLink The latest works cool optical illusions.

 urlLink RollingStone.com: News: Bands Rock Against Bush sonic youth was well actually a decent band the others? eh. well at least we know not to support them and what they are doing. unless you agree with them then go ahead i wont give my support I support the admins.

 urlLink MTV.com - News -Johnny Cash To Be Honored At Public Memorial Service

 urlLink FOXNews.com - FOX News/Opinion Dynamics Poll - Bush Job Ratings at Lowest of Presidency things can and likely will change lets hope they do.

 well I don't go out to movie theatres much I like to watch my movies at home more comfy and cheaper (turns out my local theatre upped prices .75 $) anyway I finally went last time I did was matrix I think which I left during the opening, anyway this time I went and saw urlLink matchstick men it was great rated pg13 (more of an R) well done got some twists a good story its funny and well the acting is good whether nick cage who did a great job or this actor I've never seen before Alison lohman I have always been impressed with cage but alison I have never seen and this first time I saw I was impressed her next film is Big Fish which also looks great. Oh and shes cute. :) anyway great movie go see that instead of one of those lame horror movies.

 So what did you think of the debate in california for governor of that state? Who do you think was the "winner"? post in comments please i wanna know. As for me I feel arnold did well but did stumble a bit I feel arianna is well rude and I felt Bustamante was weak. Mclintock in my opinion did the best and I must say I agree with him almost if not entirely. Stop by his site at tommcclintock.com/

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Schwarzenegger to Make Rare Appearance at Candidate Debate yes gotta watch.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Federal Court Rules Against Do-Not-Call List NO!!!!!!!!

 urlLink Tech Briefs the first story, not a bad idea if they limit who can use and moderate (it will be easier with less users) then things will be better. I really dont like the pay for unmoderated but fine at least that limits the creep or something i guess.

 Bill's new book is in "who's looking out for you" at urlLink barnes & Noble its at #2 on the best sellers list. I wanted to buy it found it earlier at a local hastings store but they wanted 23$ I believe urlLink costco has it for 13.99$ maybe not online though. I am now on hold at the library for it wont get for awhile sadly :( oh and you can go to urlLink Bill's site and get it also including signed copies

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Raw Data: Text of Bush Interview a great interview. Brit Hume rocks watch 3:00 pm california 4:00pm or 6:00 great show. Take that cnn!

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Bush to Tell U.N. Iraq War Was 'Right Decision' I hate the un and all they stand for and what they will eventually do and now do. But if we do indeed need or it would help us to finish up in iraq and increase our safety this is good and I suppose I can bend this time.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Bustamante Ordered to Return Indian Tribe Donations special interests! Shame bustamante! Not to mention the money is coming from something horrible, gambling not that he cares.

 "May the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Spirit be with you all." -- 2 Corinthians 13:14 ps:have a good Sunday see you next week with the usual stuff. :)

 urlLink Internet for Christians

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Business - Starbucks September Sales Surge 9 Percent well time to switch to cappucino from frappucino. Coffee! whee! stupid post? yes but to bad.

 urlLink BillOReilly.com: Articles - Who's Looking Out For You? answer to the end question? Well for me its, no. How about you? post in comments or drop me an email.

 tv other than news i rarely watch but threat matrix on abc (first ep was on last night even featured a role by hannity) is looking kinda good may watch more but man tv for the most part is lame oh and that movie re-animator or whatever on sci-fi based on novel by h.p love craft might be good creepy non kid movie though be warned. :) its on saturday.

 All this about rush limbaugh is ridiculous I dont listen to him much and I dont like sports but what he said wasnt racist it was an observation one he shoulda kept quiet about much like I should about many things. he shouldnt have resigned and shouldnt have had to but oh well, as for these drug charges/allegations I doubt it and it would be easy with your house maid as your pusher he may have been addicted seems reasonable and likely to have happened but I am highly doubting that he had anything to do with selling, he is human if anything some apology and rehab is needed I doubt all this its likely just an attack come on.

 urlLink AMEN-COMICS Russian christian comics good guy this fellow an aquaintance of mine. :)

 To much homework complaint over exagerated? well I am a kid who had this issue and my family complained really I didnt have to much I had enough to keep me busy for oh 2 hrs a day but eh. My family and myself overexagerated and we all do and have my peers or some were able to finish their work all or most kids can I can and now do in fact in my current school program I have no homework however I work 6hrs a day with little interuption and a few short breaks I get just as much work done and all b's or above, I support a no homework idea really then the kids will get there work done more like say work really its an individual thing that and laziness in some situations it can be done but there are other things to try also. In other news the do not call thing is now in service yeah!

 urlLink Biblical Headlines written by the Liberal Media :)

 urlLink ExtremePumpkins.com - Extreme Pumpkin Carving this is nuts got it through lockergnome mail list check it out.

 urlLink Hacking Billy Mouth Bass in Linux this item is pretty annoying after awhile it just got an award for bad inventions from the screen savers on ttv now admitedly its not that great but I remember enjoying it a few years back when I bought it with my brother and dad for my grandfather, he loved it. For awhile. Anyway this site is great use linux to hack have a listen and if you want give it a try.

 urlLink Orisinal : Morning Sunshine loads of fun!

 urlLink BillOReilly.com: Articles - Scouting the Loyal Opposition nice. Again if i were to vote democrat I would vote lieberman how about you? love that last part where he covers clark, true I didnt till this happened (his entrance).

 urlLink TIME.com: 10 Questions For Bill O'Reilly -- Oct. 06, 2003

 There is much talk here in idaho. people saying go home foreigners or damn californian or whatever close the state up! well many liberals try to say its only conservatives I am a conservative i know many who are not all are opposed to new people I am an idahoan i moved here from california for a better life and have found it that is why people are coming here and i welcome them i hope they succeed and enjoy it here. I hope idaho grows growth is a good thing but it can be a bad thing opposing views sure many who come here are liberals hey thats fine but some things need not change and things will have to be done with growth to keep things up like our air etc. on that note all cars coming into boise which is horribly polluted and getting worse (i talking cars from nampa etc.) should have emision tests, welcome to idaho new folks enjoy but respect and help maintain and improve!

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Congressional Black Caucus, Fox News to Hold Second Debate Another to watch on fox.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Bush to Sign 'Do-Not-Call' Legislation sweet! Thank god!

 It's remote controlled! "Toss your tacky old porcelain bowl - toilets have gone high-tech, says toilet manufacturer Toto USA. The Morrow, Ga.-based firm recently unveiled its latest toilet model, the NeoRest Integrated Toilet, which, according to Toto, 'packs the maximum number of technological advances into a minimum amount of space.' This 'aware' toilet includes numerous 'smart-sensor design innovations.' For example, its lid automatically opens whenever an individual approaches it. When the individual rises, NeoRest's lid automatically closes, and the unit flushes by itself - no more surprises for the next person in line." These have ben out in japan awhile there is even one that sprays perfume when done flushing. :)

 urlLink Bringing the radical life of Luther to life a good sunday film outting i doubt i will see this week but when and if I do I will comment if you have or plan on seeing let me know, give this a read.

 Prophecy never came by the will of man, but holy men of God spoke as they were moved by the Holy Spirit. 2 Peter 1:21 Just something I wanted to post, good verse.

 urlLink The Idaho Statesman - Always Idaho stop polluting jerks! use trash cans! Join in the cleanup, I will next time cant believe I missed this one I am ashamed. At least I didn't/havent and wont pollute :P please stop!

 urlLink The Idaho Statesman - Always Idaho I dont or havent talked about my local are much but here goes. This was in the paper give it a read and look around this site to lots of other issues as well. If you dont live here feel free to skip. as for me go Killeen, likely the winner really the most popular. This is for governor i also support some for boise city council those include urlLink dwight johnson

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Transcript: Bush's Radio Address

 urlLink ICv2 News - Bush Cards Available Now hmm.. I not fond of this being aggressive isn't always a bad thing you know.

 urlLink CNN.com - U.S. lists Web sites as 'terror' groups - Oct. 10, 2003 both sides are wrong for the violence and it is well ineveteble though it seems good on both sides, I am pro israel but both. Anyway everything is good here but something should be done to stop or at least limit access to these sites or something there are means.

 urlLink RollingStone.com: News: Nelson, Crow to Honor Cash lets hope its on tv or can be purchased on dvd or cd its one to see likely.

 kill bill is out, not a kid flick but looks great I hope to see it soon!

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Foxlife - Fox411 - 'Kill Bill' Won't Kill Miramax, Disney well yeah that was at least these days likely it really shouldnt though its not like it will have much to do with kids or anything just biz and all disney just better not churn out such things. Really they suck they have for years except for recent anime releases and this affiliation is no surprise neither is them keeping it and I don't see why they would have or should have to drop it.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Foxlife - Fox Features - Changing the Color of Money

 urlLink FOXNews.com - California Recall - Bush Reaches Out to Arnold

 urlLink GeorgeWBush.com :: Official Blog yes bush has a blog! Nice. He has cool links to I will possibly put up later

 Well Arnold won in California! sadly mclintock lost but hey at least it was arnold and not someone else. Now it will be interesting to see what he does and all.

 urlLink CNN.com Election 2003 - California Recall heh big list.

 Heavy voter turnout you here? Well duh with all this coverage on the web and news tv etc. makes sense plus it'd be a big deal anyway.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - FOX News - California Recall: FOX News Exit Poll something to look at and ponder polls close soon I'll post a bit more though and even more tomorrow!

 urlLink FOXNews.com - California Recall - Bush: I'll Work With Schwarzenegger I have come to think of him as an independent not republican and more of a liberal I speak of arnold. Anyway bush will work with well that makes sense and all I can understand the backing off a bit by bush. mclintock is the true repbublican in this and arnold will win. Really some of the sexual things arnold did are no biggie but some are so attacking if you will is not bad cause well its wrong and bush backing up because of that is fine as well. polls close soon.

 urlLink The Idaho Statesman - Always Idaho yes they finally made there way to my town! They have been around via a "black market or import group(s) ) but now its official! I gotta finally try them! yes people were camping out its insane even if they are good. I was close to getting some literally across the street but no! maybe this weekend?

 The cali voting has begun lets see what happens almost a given it seems that arnold will win, I wish mclintock would he would get my vote oh well.lets just see.

 urlLink Herald.com - Your Miami Everything Guide :)

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - 'Buy American' Causes Discord in Washington not a bad thing at all just remember even foreign businesses have americans and stuff involved and we do need or can still use that stuff, also support your state I do I buy idaho! (and usa of course) gotta find a nice medium with this don't wanna go overboard or not do it enough to much stuff made in china and we need to do something about the abuse of kids and workers overseas also.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Foxlife - Fox Features - Ready, Set, Go Bags Do you have one? I do.

 urlLink BillOReilly.com: Articles - Media Bias again :)

 urlLink Welcome to anncoulter.com! :)

 War on Iraq: loans or grants? Grants for me, and apparently Lieberman agrees! Ok another issue Japan has pledged 5 billion dollars for the war to help us out! But.. Democrats are whining saying they gave us 13 billion during the gulf war, yeah they weren't in the financial state they are in now! geez. Also I have sent my notebook (one of em) to dell they surprised me support was quick to respond to my call and was kind they even had my notebook picked up in 4 hrs and set off to be repaired (its fully ruined) I may get a new one or have this one repaired they say I get it back in ten days, lets hope so, thus far I am pleased with the service. Oh and school! Ha started finally around a week ago on schedule and doing well (straight A's!) for info on the program I use (this edition 2.0) is pretty good see the link on this page:alpha omega publications. Later! Post comments!

 urlLink Has the GameCube been cracked? Emulator now also available! - CD Freaks.com ha told you! so there you have it, don't emulate games though unless you own a copy!

 urlLink the typewriter-keyboard conversion something fun and weird to do. :)

 urlLink FOXNews.com - FOX News/Opinion Dynamics Poll - FOX News Poll - Poll: Action in Iraq Was Right Thing to Do

 urlLink Google go take pcworld's safety test at find.pcworld.com/38099 I took it and got a 78 although I think its cause the adult question about kids and net which I answere non of above cause well I am a kid :) according to the current issue of pcworld the average score is 56 guess I did pretty well, how about you?

 urlLink The Mac Observer - Hell Froze Over: iTunes For Windows Is Here sweet now if I can get some cash I will try it. :( :)

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Foxlife - Fox Features - Teens Losing 'Mallrat' Status understandable especially in certain areas of high crime etc. more security better parenting and well the kids can fix this.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Bush Meets With Gov.-Elect Schwarzenegger

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Survey: Iraq Morale Could Be Better so lets make it better! show support things need to be done.

 urlLink thehomelessguy.net something really needs to be done to help people out like him and others seriously something needs to be done they help we help we get something done! In seatle they now are offering a homeless shelter for alcholics, the thing is they can still drink while there, great idea! I feel churches should setup shelters and do so spiritually no drugs alchol or anything that would work. anyway give the guy a read and ponder these things.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - FOX News/Opinion Dynamics Poll - FOX News Poll - More Believe In God Than Heaven huh? God but fewer believe heaven and hell etc. maybe they need to do some reading and visit church thats what this tells me. At least still fairly good sign of america. :)

 urlLink Internet for Christians yeah for me I gotta see this read this article and the links it contains.

 Hardware I don't think about much really but well I am lately due to an incident involving family,soda,and a notebook. :( please pray this is solved cheap or for free pretty expensive xp notebook from dell I don't wanna complain about dell but lots to be done so if I rant I will please pray that this goes over well cause if it doesn't... :( speaking of hardware on a lighter note what do you have? Every had any issues? Any issues with hardware support?

 urlLink It's The Winter Solstice, Charlie Brown! good article. Note the below was advertised on ann's site :( its just humour but well not for me.

 urlLink Product Details this is funny, kinda well a right back at ya to liberals from well conservatives. I dont like it from anyone really and am not a liberal yes if need be action should be taken a shirt like this, no. Dont' annoy a liberal with this shirt or any, be the bigger person!

 urlLink CNN.com - Pinsky: A hijacking of the survival system - Oct. 10, 2003

 internet radio? not much some npr (hate those guys though) hannity sometimes and japan a radio is cool. Help them out btw japan a radio needs cash! Currently listening to:hot hot heat's make up the breakdown see urlLink hothotheat's site They rock pick em up! Oh and as for books: who's looking out for you should be done in a few days. And if I didn't already say so dell sent my pc back working and in great shape very easy and on time, no charge very pleased. later

 urlLink FT.com Home UK

 urlLink Ars Technica: N-Gage sales figures offer mixed picture lame to I posted abou this on jdtheotaku. sad sales, sad system. so-so or crap games.

 urlLink Concept Cars - Prototype Vehicles some cool, weird cars!

 urlLink BBC NEWS | Technology | Cyber women test what's real asnwer to the question will they take over? no. Are they real? no. Cool sure.

 Got my pc back from dell new almost everything it looks new (it had some chips and a dirty monitor) and works well now thank god!

 urlLink New Gun Fires 'Laser of Lead'

 urlLink ConservativePetitions.com a bit extreme but in some cases needed, sometimes a good idea a bit expensive and I don't know if it works but here ya go.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Columbine Killers Documented Training on Tape I hope the families dealt with this or can. :( Also I hope they had their say in this situation. Also those friends need to stay behind bars awhile longer til term is finished. Parents and adults need to start taking notice to we the kids! :(

 urlLink CNN.com - Lieberman: 'It's not a time for rookies' - Oct. 19, 2003 this is true, if you vote democrat if you must please look into this man, I would suggest voting for him if not bush.

 About the woman in florida being starved she seems well enough let her alone, no one has the right to take her life she doesnt even. Though I would go with euthanasia but the person must decide not everyone else. I have seen cases in which people have pulled out of her situation she may still do so possibly. And come on she at least deserves her last rights.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Views - ifeminists - Killing the Good Samaritan Insane, I'd be in trouble all the time, its kindness and good citizenship, geez.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - 'Dean Divers' Search Vermont Records so wrong. I swear liberals hell conservatives to will eat their own to survive. :(

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Foxlife - Magician David Blaine Leaves Box Suspended Over London man he could really use a shower! :)

 urlLink Pumping Up the Volume

 urlLink You Might Be A Computer Nerd If... -- Jokes2Go.com Lists some funny, but dated stuff.

 urlLink Franciscan Foundation for the Holy Land ?EChristian Charity for Palestinian Christians

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Foxlife - 'Healthy' Treats Play Dirty Tricks If a parent or a kid read and heed. Again have a safe and happy halloween. later for now.

 urlLink Mainichi Interactive - Top News sad :(

 urlLink Halloween Online - Your Guide to Halloween good site to hit for halloween google has tons to look at for this holiday. and if you don't wanna celebrate the holiday (understandable) try hooking up with local churches including one you belong to duh! :) I plan to possibly do so or just stay home. Have a good one.

 urlLink TechTV | New Napster Busts Out of Beta the legendary napster is back! But wait its legit and not free! whoa thats different I like this pay idea well I do and I don't I don't wanna pay but I don't wanna steal I take the pay way, all should and I think will. I still like radio and buying cds but thats just me.

 man these california fire stuff is bad. My heart mind and prayers go out to all in cali. :(

 urlLink grouphug.us // let it all out this is great new stuff all the time all very funny warning some stuff is inapropriate. :)

 urlLink RateMyTeachers.com cool. But could be used for wrong purporses like I hate this teacher so here's a bad rating. :(

 urlLink Blog on |CNET.com interview with blogger creator

 urlLink There, Limited Access available - There News for PC at GameSpot

 Advice books suck. But oreilly's new book 'who's looking out for you?' is well pretty good we get his opinions and well some good advice. Good book pick it up. what'd you expect me to write about it? haha

 urlLink 28 Days Later (2002): Cillian Murphy, Naomie Harris, Megan Burns - PopMatters Film Review yeah good movie not many reviews I could find that were good this one is though. I highly recommend this for this time of year.

 urlLink PopMatters Sports Feature | Rush to Judgment: America's Mishandling of the Donovan McNabb-Rush Limbaugh Controversy

 urlLink Calling Names - PopMatters | Features true? Partly yes. Her conservative views not all bad. her book it was ok, facts in this article? some. pop matters is a decent site but well I have issues with them.

 urlLink My Way News a good move for him. Something I agree with him on glad he didn't .

 urlLink Newsday.com: 300,000 Iraqis May Be in Mass Graves the war in iraq is unjust wrong there is no reason for it! Its all greed and selfishness. even if iraq were not threatening america and we were safe I would still support a war and the freeing of iraqis.

 School drug bust by now you've heard where cops showed up for a drug bust with guns and held highschoolers at gunpoint. The kids were scared, I would've been. There were no drugs. hmmm... think maybe they should have played it a little cool you know with out the guns and more mellow, overkill.

 urlLink Yahoo! LAUNCH - News: Johnny Cash 'Hurt' By Nashville Rejection course it did, more than understandable I, we all feel this from time to time just not the same situation. A damn sham they shouldn't have been angry and all :( country to me is eh but his music was well music, which I cherish.

 urlLink Boston.com / News / Nation / Bush's father honors Kennedy yes and he shouldn't have I mean this is the guy who is constantly dissing his son! I wouldn't have. But hmm... maybe its to get him out of office, a hint at least. He isn't going to till he absolutely must though. :(

 "Its not a matter of punishment, its got to be a matter of eradication. Our goal should be to eradicate every terrorist on the face of this Earth."- Howard Dean hmm... interesting. Thanks to urlLink blogsforbush for sending this to me.

 urlLink Whack-a-Pol - Slate helps you choose your presidential candidate. By WilliamSaletan give this a try its fun and simple I actually got bush though lieberman came in second and thats how I feel. How bout you?

 urlLink Brief: Google starts searching from the desktop - Computerworld cool try it and let me know whats up I will try later when I can :)

 urlLink USATODAY.com - 'Star Wars' goes animated tonight yep I might watch reminds me of flash stuff on net. :)

 Anyone see the nba on tnt last night? I still thinkin about it man that was great! 2 ots and a three point win for the lakers! (my fave team) though I will say spurs are great. next week another good game on tnt thursday:blazers vs kings two great teams against eachother. In news nba signed a deal in china and eastern europe and new nba games coming to consoles soon wheeeee! I love this game for every reason.

 urlLink BillOReilly.com: Articles - Don't Mess With the Folks about this movie I think it is indeed sad and distasteful this movie especially with him in his current state most people do. many and mostly conservatives demanded the movie be takin off air and that has happened but it wasn't entirely because of them it was a financial issue they weren't censored just greedy and cowardly. I am glad the movie will not be on cbs and hope it does poorly I admit and I will not be watching. As for this elizabeth smart stuff it saddens me these parents they could have went on cbs or abc or nbc and told the story no need for a film or book, its all $$$$! shame on them, I urge you not to watch the film or read the book I will not be doing so.

 urlLink IHT: A two-party system shaping up in Japan? two parties? sounds good I say they need it and this is good. I also say vote koizumi and like the support he is getting.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Business - Unemployment Rate Falls to 6.0 Percent; Payrolls Soar good news! :) now you know those who say otherwise lie, and that things are getting better.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Bush Promotes Democracy in Middle East bush signed the bill. Just wondering how could you say money to properly clothe, protect and arm american soldiers was not needed when it is? lie. Why would you not want to help a people? (iraqis) although I still feel they (iraqis) should help out as well.

 I have become aware of a weekly wendesday practice to support Bush so I thought I might start participating in it you may have seen on numerous bush blogs so look for it on mine next week.

 urlLink Johnny cash was honored tonight at the cmas it was great I don't care much for country music but I did his music and enjoyed this event, and also some urlLink nba love this game! :)

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Florida School OKs Jesus, Saddam Floats sounds great. Glad this was allowed to take place, I'm not a fan of such events so I wouldn't be there but hey more power to them all should be able to libs and conservatives this is great. :)

 I would like to thank our president, Mr Bush for signing the bill he did to day. For protecting children, for saving human lives and avoiding possible trauma to families and the women themselves. Thank you president bush. sadly many are already challenging the bill :( to them I say stop the murder!

 The reagan movie was cancelled on cbs and moved to showtime I am somewhat happy with the decision because well it seems this is what the ppl wanted somewhat really they didn't want it on tv at all but then I am saddened this is political correctness and all I am against I say show they wouldn't though they are cowards and greedy. note: not fan of or supporter of film but may have watched and may still. Also yes this was largely a conservative movement dispite what ppl say. another note: Reagan was and is a great man. :)

 local elections just ended try my local news sites if interested:idahostatesman.com and ktvb.com I recomend. Sadly the canidates I was hoping for lost Dave Bieter won with over 50% :( Now to see what he does and some analysis.

 ok well its local election day for many including me! I can't vote :( but I know who I want to win and would vote for. My lame parents won't go vote. I voting(wish) for republicans Chuck winder for mayor and urlLink dwight johnson among others for city council. hope they win without me. Also major props to p Diddy for that run the other day! :)

 All this talk about the Reagan show that is to air on cbs, why? Its not even out you havent seen so why comment or boycott, stop overreacting give it a chance. I am very skeptical of the actors performances and looks and if the film is done poorly and such I will then inforce and support boycotting cbs. Reagan was certainly a great man in my opinion the best president we've had. Bush (current) gets second. :)

 urlLink OPERATION GIVE - Sending Smiles and Hope to Iraq. One Gift at a Time. Check this site out this holiday season try a little extra shopping/spending on school supplies, clothes, toys for kids in iraq. Also see if you can get your church involved. I am working on doing so myself. :) don't forget to donate locally as well.

 urlLink Reading the Ancient Bible Online :: Internet For Christians nice to bad I am unable to read greek. Check it out though, especially nice if you read the stuff.

 Roy Moore, Fired. He was asked three times to deny god. If he had denied god he may have kept the job. Why!? Why should he have to do so to keep his job? Because its government its court, yes and it and this country are based on God and his laws on Christianity. I applaud the judge for not renouncing his views and for future actions he will take. Things continue to degrade here in America :(

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Bush Talks Up Medicare Bill

 Wictory Wendesday Well this is my first wictory wendesday. Its a day in which I try to get people interested/excited about the election, for bush. I try to get you to read things and donate and stuff so here goes :) So would you like to gather with other bush fans or see why bush is so great or whatever? Well its a good idea no matter what to discuss and learn things at the urlLink bush meetups Other than that check out these blogs: the ones on my blogroll to the left :) happy wictory wendesday! :) haha

 It is the VETERAN, not the preacher, who has given us freedom of religion. It is the VETERAN, not the reporter, who has given us freedom of the press. It is the VETERAN, not the poet, who has given us freedom of speech. It is the VETERAN, not the campus organizer, who has given us freedom to assemble. It is the VETERAN, not the lawyer, who has given us the right to a fair trial. It is the VETERAN, not the politician, Who has given us the right to vote. It is the VETERAN, who salutes the Flag, no matter what.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Bush Lays Wreath for Veterans Day

 family guy: "wish upon a weinstein" Aired on cartoon network's adultswim last night it was said to be controversial, so much so fox refused to play it. I can see why it was controversial and how it would be offensive. However I was not offended and have to say its just humor.

 question: Should the detainees at gitmo be allowed access to the american civilian courts? my answer is not they are criminals violent evil people who have as of this lost there rights they would only be unleashed to reck more havoc or contribute to havoc. How about you? polls show the majority agree with me polls up to 90% agree with me.

 urlLink President's Radio Address this doesn't affect me. But it does my elders and thus I care somewhat. Its an important political issue and big with older voters bush made I think a good move here its a step forward and everyone can be happy, now the bitching about more begins.

 "Could we allow President Saddam Hussein to stay in power in Iraq?" A quote from Chief Japanese cabinet secretary Yasuo Fukuda. My quote of the week. Answer for me and I'd say most, at least those who care, no. We must continue this. Lets hope Japan sticks with us and takes precaution to protect itself with these threats

 The enola gay at the smithsonian, it should be there as history which it is but indeed it should be mentioned, the deaths caused with its use this should be looked at and discussed at the smithsonian with guests and in print somehow. I feel it was a bad move I wish we had done something else but it was done and nothing can be done except small things like this being dealt with carefully.

 urlLink Japan Today Japan News - News - Al-Qaida warns of Tokyo attack if Japan sends SDF to Iraq - Japan's Leading International News Network :( Stand strong, and prepare. Don't give up the fight, anyone!

 urlLink PCWorld.com - For Sale Soon: A Wal-Mart Notebook? :) Sorry but I can't help but laugh at this. Oh and advice in advance, don't buy one spend the extra cash or wait awhile longer.

 technical support I haven't used it much just some with dell and I gotta say I hate their support! Times will very I have advanced support so sometime less than 10 min. I cool with that but man it can be narly on the wait times :( then there's the accents of the employees (located in India often) it can be a pain. Other than that great they have always solved the problem and been polite and handled it quickly although a few times they were to call me back after 30 minutes or so, never called that's happen 3 outta 4 times :( and then hardware support is well the same the nice thing here is when things go wrong they get it fixed like when I needed a new hd it was here for free in 2 days although for such support beyond say a year you must pay. Overall dell support is better than most but I'd say there is room for improvement at least some.

 urlLink Which member of the Bush Administration are you? - Quizilla give this a try, I came out as John Ashcroft. :) tell me what you get

 Friday five thought I'd start doing this now and then so here goes. 1. I'd like to graduate 9th grade with a gpa of 3.5 or higher I'd like to continue and improve and make a success out of this blog. I'd like to get more involved in my community. I'd like to lose some weight, get in shape (rounds a shape though :) haha And I would also simply like to enjoy the year and get done what needs be done, grow spiritually is big to. 3. I'd like to learn more with carpentry and handiwork I learn more and more everyweek thanks to my father! I'd like to learn to play drums. I'd like to learn spanish and japanese among other languages Learn more about using linux and some programming languages etc. learn how to be a better writer something I do work on and to write more. 4. lottery? hmm... I'd get a car likely a truck. A house with lots of land, a big house. lots of small things. donate the rest and still have a job or something like this. 5. relaxation techniques? hmm... mellow music instrumental or religious. quiet helps. prayer and meditation. A good book. close I'm to lazy so that'll do. See the urlLink friday five site

 urlLink My Way - News

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Bush: Turkey Major Front in Terror War the middle east is. :( anywhere can be.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - FOX News/Opinion Dynamics Poll - FOX News Poll - Poll: Bush, Iraq and the Economy

 urlLink Celebrating Thanksgiving the Year Around! :: Internet For Christians one week.

 christian music? who do you enjoy? I'm a fan of stacie orrico and big daddy weave check them both out stacie orrico is huge. Forget britney spears! :) If your looking for radio check these stations out: urlLink klove and or my local station urlLink ktsy I must say my fave of the two is ktsy but they are both great. :)

 Gay marriage Is getting bigger, closer to a national reality. Now being supported in Massachusetts. I have heard conservatives say its a good thing cause they will do all the things a married couple has to (taxes and the like) sure but why not do that minus the marriage? Its blasphemy! God is against homosexuality, its viewed by many as immoral and marriage is a or supposed to be a religious thing, a bit of a slap in the face. As some have said of homosexuals who as I've said I know and feel they should be treated as all others and have rights just not marriage "we're here, we're queer, we're in your face" well said.

 Anti-war/bush protestors in britian, are extremists they are generally anti establishment and anti monarchy and blair as well. They are a minority though a large one from polls I've seen putting them at 30% of the population whom were polled. Sad stuff but at least its not the majority, yet. Mostly as many have said and from what I've said here can be concluded "nuts" Skynews has good coverage if you like.Sadly there poll shows most don't want bush there but this is an exception of polls I've seen

 urlLink Headline news from Sky News - Witness the event leave it blank or a memorial? I say a memorial would be good here are the finalists. never forget.

 urlLink President Bush, Prime Minister Hold Joint Press Conference well done. I have to agree with what I heared. Agree totally on the attack in turkey also

 urlLink Wired News: Republicans Back E-Vote Bill I like this idea and if I mattered or could I'd endorse the bill or whatever. Now online voting would be cool need to work on that once this is solved so soldiers (and people still in usa) can vote.

