 drowning in a sea of sin unaware of lies within until I accepted Him I never knew to swim

 march means more I wave goodbye to February. March is on its' way to bring me much of what I've already seen. Maybe less of the cold, more of a breeze. I'd like to be a kite this time around. I don't want to get tangled. I don't want to come down. April Showers bring May Flowers. That's too far ahead for me to think. I want to stay up in flight And out of the arms. I want to stand on my own, two feet, I don't mean without the hand of God holding, Carrying me. I'm sick of standing around with my hands in my pockets. Watching time fly like rockets Leaving me behind in the smoke and spark lines and being best defined by what is done to me. Am I more than injurires? Sometimes that's all anyone sees.

 Round Here Counting Crows is my favorite band, that fact has been clear since 1999. Most who know me think that Long December is my favorite song. Until today I haven't claimed any one song as my personal favorite. Early in January I let Chaz borrow August and Everything After the band's debut. Recently he gave it back and with incredible insight into the lyric and thought of Mr. Duritz. This morning I put the disc on. Mid-song it occured to me that Round Here is my favorite song. Below are the lyrics but I suggest you find someone who owns it and borrow from them. The locals are free to ask me. This is some of the best music known to man and you owe it to yourself to give it a listen. Round Here - Step out the front door like a ghost into the fog where no one notices the contrast of white on white. And in between the moon and you the angels get a better view of the crumbling difference between wrong and right. I walk in the air between the rain through myself and back again Where? I don't know Maria says she's dying through the door I hear her crying Why? I don't know Chorus Round here we always stand up straight Round here something radiates Maria came from Nashville with a suitcase in her hand she said she'd like to meet a boy who looks like Elvis she walks along the edge of where the ocean meets the land just like she's walking on a wire in the circus she parks her car outside of my house takes her clothes off says she's close to understanding Jesus she knows she's just a little misunderstood she has trouble acting normal when she's nervous Chorus: Round here we're carving out our names Round here we all look the same Round here we talk just like lions But we sacrifice like lambs Round here she's slipping through my hands Sleeping children better run like the wind out of the lightning dream Mama's little baby better get herself in out of the lightning She says It's only in my head She says Shhh I know it's only in my head But the girl in car in the parking lot says "Man you should try to take a shot can't you see my walls are crumbling?" Then she looks up at the building and says she's thinking of jumping She says she's tired of life she must be tired of something Round here she's always on my mind Round here hey man got lots of time Round here we're never sent to bed early And nobody makes us wait Round here we stay up very, very, very, very late. A. Duritz

 86 Bam! I made an 86 on my philosophy test. I wanted an A but hey, I got a B. Plus, I went on a hunch on this one trick question and I was right. The question asked in whose work did the word Meta-Physics originate? The trick is that it was Aristotle's work, but Andronicus editted it years later. The word wasn't even in the work until Andronicus added it years later. The answer was Andronicus. I didn't eat lunch so now I'm a punch ahead on my meal card. I'll go to eat soon. Scotty heard me singing a punk cover of The Cheers theme and asked if I was sick. I sure hope not. I've been keeping a cold all winter. I hate that I'm such a hypochondriac. Well, I'm going to the cafeteria. I hope Donna is in there.

 Beardhat, Jed and Gary I should be studying. The Police, Every Little Thing She Does is Magic is now playing on Winamp. This song provided for many great scenes in the movies Conspiracy Theory and 10 Things I Hate About You . I'll Never forget when Mel Gibson's character, Jerry Fletcher, said [to Julia Roberts' character],"I resolve to call you up a thousand times a day and ask you if you'll marry me some old sunny day." What a stalker!!! That was a great movie and it held a place in my top five for awhile. Of course it isn't even in the top ten now. I've recently revised my list and soon I'll post it. I noticed urlLink Justin had linked to me. When I get my links up he'll be there. He'll always be there because that's just the kind of friend that BeardHat, as I liked to call him, is. I expect to do good on my philosophy test tomorrow. Tonight I asked urlLink Jed where Meta-Physics originated. He answered,"It started with M". That guy's a genius let me tell you. A great friend Gary[no site],from Atlanta, called me twice tonight. I wasn't here but I'll call back tomorrow. Well, I best get to studying so I can talk to God about some things before sleep.

 RESTORATION I've been a burnt down house I've been overcome by wildfire eaten up by earthenware desire I've been canyons turned to crumbs Once was lively but I went numb I'm paralyzed as I hold these lies I'm only my own remains And only my complaints Were heard with this laryngitus My sins they have silenced the voice I had of hope and faith dreams and visions deemed erased All I know is I am not myself To live like that is to waste wealth All I know is I'm seeing I'm experiencing my rebuilding Torn down to the Rock Of my Salvation This is my restoration I'm rebuilt brick by brick It's not me, I know I'm not so slick. Restoration Begins with repentance soon comes surrendrance Obedience And submission are key But this car don't crank By the graciousness of me. I want to leave my bags behind Board this bus and ride this line My destination is restoration I won't stop til I'm there I may collapse but He will spare The burdens from my back He'll keep me steady on the track And I will praise Him for that.

 Shave and a Haircut For a couple of weeks I've been thinking about shaving my sideburns off. I went home this weekend,for the first time all year, and at church several people commented on them. The preacher said, "You don't want to get a girlfriend with those. She'll grab you from both sides of them and pull you anywhere." A 10th grade youth told me I forgot to shave. "No, I didn't." Later he said "He got stuck in the seventies." My mom thought if one more person said something I was going to get mad. I hope I didn't come across like that. It wasn't quite that simple. At first, I thought the church folk had just forgotten that I've had these for months and months. I concluded that my sideburns must be thicker because no one really said anything. My dad said they were a lot thicker. Around campus I had asked different friends if they were 'more there' than last time before I cut them off. Justin responded something like, "I don't know. It's not like I keep a log of this." Dad wanted to borrow my camera so he can get into photography. I had five pictures left on a roll so I had my mother take pictures of my chops, you know for the record, cause I knew i'd cut them soon. Then I left the camera with him(that was hard to do). My dad got me back here last night at or near 10. I entered into 603 and gave the gang a large plate of food I had made them from the leftovers at church, 4 nice pieces of fried chicken, and a lot of sandwiches. And like buzzards to roadkill the guys cleaned the plate in record time. I talked with Jed about all the things i'd like to do with this site. I read my latest batch of poems to Jeff while he played Tony Hawk. He's always so good to listen. Chaz and Fozzie discussed theology. Every now and again someone would interject. I didn't feel 'up' to it. When Jed and I walked out to check on his laundry I made a mask out of the foil that had covered the plate. Don't worry it was clean. At 1:20 Mike admitted he was ready to get to sleep. He said he had been for an hour and a half, just didn't know how to ask us to leave. I had the idea for the poem 'My Friends and I' that I will blog eventually. I was through counting sheep before I could get the gyst of it on paper. This morning I woke annoyed that I hadn't heard my alarm. It's been wacky lately. Someone knocked on my door. I threw on pants and rushed to the door. As I feared there was no sign of them. I went and asked Jed what we had to read for Leadership at 9. He was rushing to be late for his 8 o'clock. He stopped by the room on his way to class and told me. When he stepped in I had just started shaving. Until I get the pictures I'll describe the sideburns I had for those of you who don't know me or are blind. They came to the bottom of my face and to the edge of my smile. Simply put: All I was missing was the goatee and I would have been Santa. I put on Barenaked Ladies' Greatest Hits and commenced to become clean shaven. The entire process took about thirty minutes and at completion my hands were waterlogged. I hope I got 'em straight. It's hard to tell with my eyes. Mike said they were but he's half blind too. Ah, It feels so nice and smooth. I feel like a different person. Well, not too much.

 Severe It's storming here. A little thunder. A little lightning. A little loud. Ooh, I just saw the flashes. Maybe I should get offline.

 12 A lot of things happened last night. I realized I act like a twelve-year old brat. I was a jerk. Then I tried to fight it and it was only made harder. I made up for it some in the end, but still Sorry, If you noticed. I'm pretty sure that you did.

 Cynical Philosophic These are the two words that Chaz gave to describe me. Cynical is descriptive of my philosophic nature. "Cynical," as he defined it, "is strategic ranting and banter, not necessarily in a negative way." Philosophic is the voice for my cynicism. This is how I analyze and ideologize everything. What two words do you think best describe me? Jed said "Dispragmatic Suess" for an explanation I'm still confused about. It was sort of like,I keep trying to get the girl...and it keeps not working(dispragmatic) and I write poems that rhyme(Suess).

 Good Friday Today I changed my machine to say,"Jesus died for you so that you might live for Him." Christ didn't just die, He rose again. Death did not defeat Him. We should celebrate the resurrection and the redemption and hope that are offered through that all year long. I pray this weekend that your heart would exceed in celebration of this great love. I pray that if you've accepted Him as Lord and Savior that you will be moved to confess Him to the world. I pray that if you have not accepted Him that you would abandon the hopelessness of life as you know it and embrace the hope that He is. Questions? Ask me. Email: stikmanstan@yahoo.com

 High Stakes It's that time of year again: Time for the Smash Bros. Melee Tournament. About 8 guys from around campus are competing for the prize of smack talk rights. He who loses is subjected to being asked by whomever beat him, "Who's your daddy?", and being required to answer "You are ___." If a person beats all, he's allowed the privilege of doing this over all 7 of the other guys. The stakes are high. The sweat is pouring. This room is a cell of intensity. I suppose that this is all in good fun. I would have to be second best before subjecting myself to such a thing as this. Mike is said to be the best at this. I predict that he will have an off day and will be beaten by two other people, and that one of those will be Fozzie. Fozzie lost to Mike in a close competition months ago and has had to live with the consequences ever since. Today is a day of reckoning. "Ok guys, let's have a good clean match."

 Help Wanted Notice I removed the banner I had. I've tried to make myself one at urlLink www.cooltext.com and urlLink www.flamingtext.com but haven't been satisfied. These are great, don't get me wrong, just not quite what I want. Who wants to make me a banner? Comment if you want to and I'll get more info to you.

 The Best of Times... sometimes I want to sit and talk. sometimes I feel I need to walk away. sometimes I want to walk with you. sometimes I just wish you'd stay. sometimes I know where I'm going. sometimes I don't know where I am. sometimes I wonder why you're going. sometimes I don't think you'll ever land.

 Living Arrangements No one wants to room with me, or so it seems. Friend A lives off campus and recently his roommate moved out. He told me he wanted to live by himself. Friend B fears it would be a detriment to our friendship. I believe he's put thought into this. I understand his fear. It is legitimate. Still, I would be challenged to work whatever out. Friend C seemed to be my greatest prospect before. He was going to move into my room. I've lived in this room for right at two years. I really would feel awkward moving out, save I was moving off campus entirely. He decided he wants to stay in his room. I understand, but his now roommate will probably stay there with him. Friend D said Friend A said to him,"Was there ever any doubt you could move in here?" Friend A obviously doesn't mind sacrificing living by himself in order to live with Friend D. How am I supposed to feel? Next semester truckloads of new students will fill the dorms. There will be no more of this 'room to myself' as I've been so fortunate to have. Some unlucky sap will be forced to live with me. I have to wonderi if I'm that hard to get along with or if I smell or something.

 Will Power If you're reading this the site has passed 200 hits. This is not a thing of pride, I'm just excited. I may take the numbers off at some point but not for awhile. Today I told urlLink Wendy that I had gotten 110 hits over the week of Spring Break. She said, "Wow!...In one day?" I said,"No, the whole week." She said,"Oh." The site has existed for one month. Some people think a person can will something to happen. I've been willing to have an abundant number of people reading the site and it obviously hasn't worked. After not having blogged for two days I feared I might have forgotten how.

 Nashville I shall summarize my experience in three sentences. It was much better than I had expected. My passion for Christian education and desire to lead people closer to Christ was heightened dramatically. I was impressed with how truly concerned about ministry everyone at Lifeway was. I'll have more to say on this later, but it's late now and Mike and Fozzie are trying to go to sleep.

 Dumb as an Ox It's me again, taking another break. It's been a few hours. My goal is to finish this by six. It looks like I'll be missing church. I regret that. I really hate it, but my ox is in the ditch. Of course, it doesn't help my case any that I put it there. When I get done I am going to collapse unto my bed and sleep til time. Let's just hope I don't miss my ride for sleeping. Well, let me see what I can do with an hour.

 Reap and Sow This is me taking one more break too many. Tomorrow I board a bus at 1:20. I have to hand in a paper for the class I'm going with as I load up. All I have now are notes from two books. I'm looking at this sheet with 3 questions I'm supposed to answer and I only understand one. The other two confuse me. I don't think I have the resources here to fulfill them. This is the fruit of the procrastination I sow. Something tells me that Dr. Cunningham will give me a couple days once were back Tuesday. Maybe, but he strongly wanted us to have this done. This trip concludes the class. We won't meet anymore. He doesn't want this paper to be hanging over our heads after. The trip and the paper are required for the class. If I can't finish this (and it ain't looking too hot) and he won't take it late, this trip was a waste of my time. I could lie and say,"Oh man, I forgot to bring it", but I'm not. I'm not motivated to write. This confusion is not helping. BRAIN EMPTY . Smashing my head on the desk isn't helping either. I hope he'll take it late. I pray. I don't think I'll have internet access, so I've made arrangements to get my posts out. urlLink Jed the Fed is going to do me the tremendous favor of posting my blogs as I call them in to him. It'll be like on CNN with the live tape feed and a picture of the guy. Well, sorta. Thanks Jed. Hey, and thank him for me. Give the boy a hit or two.

 Phone Tag Jed and I live in the same hall. We both use computers in friend's rooms. Our phones have the same ring. When one rings, we're never sure which phone is ringing. We walk out of the room we're in and race to the phone. One of us comes out of the room disappointed that it wasn't our phone that rang. It's usually me. Jed just got Blogger Pro. His site is really urlLink looking good . Sometimes the writing is even worth the read, ha. and as if on cue, the phone rings. "Jed answer that!"

 Radio and Wives' Tales This afternoon mom and I drove into town. I got some urlLink new shoes . $42. Mom insisted. She couldn't bear to see me walk around with my talking shoes anymore. I could afford them, but she insisted on paying. I wasn't getting in the way of her dream. Mom is great. I looked at belts. I couldn't make my mind up. So, no belt. Then we went to the Pic 'n' Sav. I opted not to get out. I sat and watched people I know but don't really 'know' enter and exit the store. Mom left the radio on for me. Unfortunately, I let my cd case sit this trip out. It was me and the ol' FM. Bush was on the metal station, but I'm not into them. Tonic was on the hits station with If You Could Only See . I love this song. I wanted to sing along, but I felt like a fish in an aquarium. I get into the songs a bit and most people wouldn't understand. While waiting I put my new shoes on. The old ones can stay in the box. Claire's visit lasted from 9-1, much of which was just me and her. I was really getting to know her. It's been hard to before because everytime I'm home it seems the visit is rushed and a ton of other people are there to see her too. I'll fight them for her. I got some cool pictures of her while she was sleeping, smiling, laughing. She would reach for the camera and such. I even got one picture with another camera of her chewing on the zoom of my camera. I napped beside her. As I was about to wake up, my dad saw and they ran for the photo oppurtunity. When those pictures are done I'll be sure and get them up. I was also teaching her to 'high five'. I'm not sure if she was just hitting my hand or if she really got it. I sat at the keyboard with her and she was pushing the keys. I saw my grandmother too. But, we weren't there five minutes and the therapist came in. My great aunt reminded me of my distate for wives' tales and superstition. "Smart Babies make Smart Conceptions." She demanded that the time when a babies' teeth come in indicates when the next child in that family will be born. That's completely and utterly Ridiculous! PREPOSTEROUS!!! Where do they get this stuff? My little brother, Josh, had baseball practice tonight. This was on the way to bringing me back to Graceville, here. We dropped Josh and my father off. We made sure that we had the right place before leaving them stranded. I played Train's Grammy winning Drops of Jupiter . I wondered if it was wrong for me to just play my music and not talk. Mom helped me load my stuff back into my pseudo-clean room. She made sure I had money. She left. Thanks for the shoes!

 urlLink Accidental Surreality Accidents happen to be productive sometimes. This guy dropped his camera into a lake and well, oh, well, you'll see. I have a feeling this is going to put the guesswork back into some people's art.

 urlLink Blog or Not? I found this article on urlLink Diarist.net that explains how blogs and journals are not the same thing. I liked what was written. Now I am forced to wonder, Is Eye Level a blog or a journal? Read this and let me know what you think. 'Technically' what I have written here is a blog, but that's just one post. How does the site measure up? Into what box does it fit?

 Claire I'm home. I've been here longer than originally planned but I am going back tomorrow. Today: the dentist. Tomorrow: My five month old niece. Any guesses which day I was looking forward to most? Claire. For the last time it's not Addison, her first name, it's Claire. I hate that I have to stay at the dorm two weeks to a month without seeing her. She's growing up fast. Then again, that is what they do. Tonight I asked my mom when she'll get teeth. Then I said,"Cause it all goes downhill from there. Soon as they can bite it's not fun anymore." I don't mean that, obviously, but I can't imagine her growing up. I can't imagine her growing up and being conceited, rude, angry or sad. But, there's that chance. I can barely imagine her talking, much less, fussing and fighting her parents. She can't walk yet, but one day she will. I can't imagine her storming out of a room enraged or tearful. But, this will happen. Unless, she holds it all inside. I can't imagine anyone hurting her. I know better though. That's what the world does, hurt. I,at least hope not to hurt her. I know somehow I'll let her down. That's what people do to each other. I can only pray that with God's help I can be a positive impact in her life. Now, I will define growing up differently. Most people just float from birth to death and never grow up. Growing up is not how pop culture portrays it, with adults staunch and jaded. Growing up is taking responsibility, none of this making excuses. Growing up is doing more than asked and being more than expected. It's being a stumbling block to the stale ways of living for a withering world. It's living for a risen savior, Jesus. He is the only life. I want to grow up. I want to watch Claire grow up. I pray God would let me have some part, even an insignificant one, in her meeting Him.

 You Can't Handle The Tooth Would it have been even worse for Tom Hanks' character in Cast Away if he had to cut out all four of his wisdom teeth? Discuss amongst yourselves.

 Mr. Wendal Here's a little proof that not all rap is about drive-bys, drugs and degrading women. I hear people make statements like that so blindly and it bothers me. I believe God gave us this genre just as much as He gave us southern gospel or rock. I don't believe that God came down and ordained one style of music as what we should listen to. It's what people do with the music that mars it. I don't agree with this song verbatim, but I like the points it makes. I'm not going to list them out. You can read. Mr. Wendal Here, have a dollar, in fact no brotherman here, have two Two dollars means a snack for me, but it means a big deal to you Be strong, serve God only, know that if you do, beautiful heaven awaits That's the poem I wrote for the first time I saw a man with no clothes, no money, no plate Mr.Wendal, that's his name, no one ever knew his name cause he's a no-one Never thought twice about spending on a ol' bum, until I had the chance to really get to know one Now that I know him, to give him money isn't charity He gives me some knowledge, I buy him some shoes And to think blacks spend all that money on big colleges, still most of y'all come out confused [CHORUS:] Go ahead, Mr.Wendal (2x) Mr.Wendal has freedom, a free that you and I think is dumb Free to be without the worries of a quick to diss society for Mr.Wendal's a bum His only worries are sickness and an occasional harassment by the police and their chase Uncivilized we call him, but I just saw him eat off the food we waste Civilization, are we really civilized, yes or no ? Who are we to judge ? When thousands of innocent men could be brutally enslaved and killed over a racist grudge Mr.Wendal has tried to warn us about our ways but we don't hear him talk Is it his fault when we've gone too far, and we got too far, cause on him we walk Mr.Wendal, a man, a human in flesh, but not by law I feed you dignity to stand with pride, realize that all in all you stand tall [CHORUS] Mr.Wendal, Lord, Mr.Wendal Arrested Development

 Getting Intimate At 9 this morning I was in the dentist' chair. Nothing new but I have a distal on number fifteen, or something, whatever that means. I was having a few new ideas. One, I bet dentists abhor patients with facial hair. Two, a cleaning is an intimate/personal act. I mean, the dental hygenist' hands are all over the patient's face. The patient is somewhat vulnerable, sitting there at the hygenist' control with a mouth wide open. The hygenist could drug patients up and throw them in a hidden room, easy. It's a dangerous task going to the dentist. I'm just glad I got out alive. Seriously, it is somewhat intimate, as far as being close or vulnerable to someone. No one can help but to breathe on the person as they do his or her job. I gagged four times today. Twice when she was trying to photograph my teeth. My wisdom teeth are coming in. I'm scared of what that will soon mean. Another thing that surely adds to the initimacy of the occassion is the strange communication. Patients are forced to answer questions, sometimes difficult, with muffled voices and grunts. Somehow the hygenist's are able to translate. Might that be the spiritual gift of interpreting tongues? All of this combined gives a false sense that the patient has known the hygenist for years and years. The hygenist now feels like a close friend, at least until the patient leaves. Don't take me the wrong way. I'm not falling for anyone here. I'm simply describing the situation and how it can be quite awkward.

 Check It Be sure to read urlLink Scott's analysis of Ice Age and its relation to liberal indoctrination. Your sure to enjoy it. Also read the comments, this could turn into an interesting dicussion. I've commented twice thus far. Join in on it.

 Sunrise Without You There are five cd's on the way to me and all I owe is fifteen dollars for shipping. In no particular order they are: Jars of Clay "Jars of Clay",Moulin Rouge Soundtrack, Poor Old Lu"A Picture of The Eighth Wonder", Smalltown Poets "Third Verse" and U2 "Unforgettable Fire". I'm going to go to home for a night or two later this afternoon. I have a dentist appointment and I should spend some time with my family. I'm leaving Sunday to Tennessee. The trip is for a class I'm in. We are going to see The Lifeway main offices to develop a greater understanding of what goes into the development of Sunday school curriculum. Some details make this sound swesome but I'm not too pumped up. I only sorta call myself a friend of one other person that's going. I don't really know the others. Also, I have to write a paper on my theology of teaching to turn in as I load the bus. I haven't started. I don't really have any sources, the school's library is closed. The general library hardly ever has anything like this. I'll get started don't you worry. I bought my domain on Monday. It will be running full steam just as soon as I get a few things tweaked. I'm excited about that. I wrote about two paragraphs more for the Moulin Rouge blog but blogger messed up and I lost all I had added. Yeah, I should have saved it, I know. I did do laundry today. Besides that my room is pretty trashy. I don't want to hear my parents thoughts on that so I'll be sure to pick up before they come to get me. I'm enthused that Electrin from urlLink Tribolum linked me. I found this by surprise. I'll get hits from this. I'm glad some have enjoyed the site enough to return. Tonight I watched Ghost World . I'll call it good, but it was lacking in some areas. The two lead characters reminded me of myself and best friend Chris our last year of high school. Yesterday I wore my tabasco sauce socks. Saucy! I probably would not have if it hadn't been laundry day. I haven't worn them in years. Well, I think that I've been random enough for one day. Time to close shop. P.S.:Don't worry with the title. There's just one person who would know what I mean. But, it's nothing. Really, I'm fine.

 Moulin Rouge Last summer when I was overwhelmed with ads for this movie I didn't think it was any kind of movie for a Christian to be watching. Boy, was I wrong. I got to see Moulin Rouge tonight. Recently, my interest has peaked with hints of more than the 'story of a whore' that I first thought it to be. This movie is a cinematic masterpiece. Moulin Rouge is an experience in sight, sound, script and story. Director Baz Luhrmann, who also brought us Romeo and Juliet , joins the ranks of Wes Anderson and Terry Gilliam,both great film visionaries. If you have yet to see this, you've yet to SEE anything like it. The action is so fast paced that, though you might get dizzy, you will not be disappointed. This film is saturated in symbolism. If you appreciated how colors were used in The Sixth Sense you will love this all the more. The music has been said to be a celebration of 20th century pop. It focuses more on 80's and 90's quoting and singing lyrics from U2, Madonna, Wallflowers, Elton John,Dolly Parton, and Nirvana. All these songs are done to a similar style reminiscent of the forties. In that respect, it's as brillaint as O Brother Where Art Thou . It should have been equally acclamed. If this were all just a proverbial fireworks display I wouldn't speak so highly of it. There's meaning. There's a message. "The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return." In a story like that of the biblical Gomer and Hosea, the ever-optimistic Christian teaches, the girl of the night, Satine to love. How Hosea loved Gomer was symbollic of how Christ loves us and is faithful to us despite our unfaithfulness. Being that its set in a brothel, some sexual content is to be expected. However, I was glad to see that there wasn't any nudity in the film. That would have gone against everything the movie taught. Because I don't feel my review to be adequate of what I want to write I urge you to visit urlLink Hollywood Jesus and read David Bruce's in-depth article on the movie.

 It's Crazy hit Sunday! At the tone the hit count will be:84, that's 15 for today. 15 is three times my daily average. Yes, urlLink Rich I know you have 62 so far today and your nearing 20,000. Give me a year. I'll get close. Well, unless everyone proves my secret fear that I'm boring them and discontinues visiting. Tone.

 Marvel This urlLink Which Star-Crossed Marvel Lover Are You? Thanks to Electrin for this great quiz. Be sure to drop by his site, urlLink Tribolum.com frequently, he's got more than good quizzes. He's got content. So, What are you waiting for?

 Disclaimer The sky is now lit. I can't believe I've stayed awake this late. We got back at 4 and I've been in this room for two hours. The world is starting to come to life and I am just now going to sleep. I recognize that the below post is excrutiatingly long for most people. I'm sorry, I had a lot to say. I do think it's a good story though. Read it if you dare, but don't complain to me about the length. Not that anyone ever does.

 Mr. Toad's Wild Ride Last night was the kind of night that entire screenplays are built upon. The Friday night ritual is to sit in the cafeteria all night pondering what we could do. We broke the mold this time. I suggested we go to the beach where we could either see Consumed play, or catch a movie for a $1.50. By the time we traveled an hour and a half I was sure we had most likely missed the band's set. Donna saw that Lord of the Rings was playing. That would have been 7 bucks. The idea of a second viewing excited her. I don't hate the movie. I understand why people like it. I have respect for it, but once was enough for me. Considering that there are some new releases out that I want to see but haven't, this must be understandable. You guessed it, we went to the cheap seats and saw Kate and Leopold . I was well pleased with the show. It combined a carefully constructed screenplay with refreshing performances and a noteworthy soundtrack. Smart movies rule. It had a little to say about everything and yet it still remained humorous. We were going to go sit out on the beach. Traffic was heavy. Realizing the atmosphere of drink, drug, sex and party depressed me. I was still pretty relaxed. We voted to just go home instead. Signs and symptoms began to show, and soon enough Donna's car was dead. Thankfully we were able to pull into the Sam's Club parking lot before that. Then it was about 1:00. Mona called back here to Graceville to recruit some help. On the third call someone answered. He, Chaz, without a vehicle commenced to look around the dorm for someone who could help. He found Harry. Both guys called us back. It would be at least an hour before he could get to us. Thinking it to be safer, Michelle said that we should walk to a gas station. So we did. Donna's been on crutches. She left them in the car because even though it hurts she can walk better without them. Instead Michelle and I offered our arms and were crutches. We got drinks and sat on the sidewalk of the station. The lady that was working there was really nice to us. Thank you. We laughed at ourselves. I declared that gas stations have good music. I wrote out a prayer in my notebook. Then we walked back to the car. Harry was about fifteen minutes later than we expected. We speculated what might have happened to him. Then he drove up. Donna hoped they wouldn't tow the car away. Harry was extremely generous about the whole thing. He wouldn't accept Donna's efforts to pay him back with dinner or gas money. She was reduced to offering a favor if ever he needed one. This part held the essence of Pay It Forward . I was exhausted. I slept most of the way back. Donna said she'd be up all night. I encouraged her to get sleep if at all possible. I told her I'd go with her today to get her car. Harry pulled into his spot and we were back. We continued to thank the saint and say goodnight. And now I do the same.

 Jerk Update I mentioned before that I was attempting to choose happiness. It seems I may be pulling it off. Donna tells me that several people have noted I've been nicer the past two weeks. They asked her, "What happened?". I'm not quite sure what to think of this question. I'm not quite sure how to answer it. My method is to focus on what is right with my life. If I focus on Jesus and His will for my life all of these things I worry about will be resolved or I will see the irrelevance of them.

 Instead of Breakfast Ever wake up singing? This past morning I did. See, my alarm is my cd player and this time it was set to go off at 8 to the sound of Counting Crows, Recovering The Satellites . It was mid-song of the third track so I reason that my brain had been awake for a couple of minutes before I was conscious. It was just long enough to break into song. My day was made. For the next hour I continued the sing-along as though I was on stage. I'm sure most of you would have laughed at me. Thus began a great day. Despite the fact that the music is secular I thanked God for it, and for how He used it to get me going.

 Smoked I smoked me a church evangelism test today. Everyone was getting so wound up about it. I was not at all worried. This material is simple enough. I'm not calling myself smart. What I am saying is that we've been learning and re-learning every bit of this word for word over and over all semester. My teacher likes to repeat himself. He likes the test to be a joke if you've been awake. He likes the test to be simply another run-through of all of it. I thank God for the cake walk. And hey, I have learned a lot.

 Thinking in Quotes "Time and Life and People are just glossy magazines." folksinger, Loudon Wainwright III "I just know before this is over I'm going to need a whole lot of serious therapy." Donkey on Shrek "The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he did not exist." Verbal Kint on Usual Suspects "It takes two to tango but only one to let go." Jakob Dylan "One of the greatest tragedies is that Christians don't read philosophy and philosophers don't read the Bible." my professor, Dr. Richards "Ought implies can." Kant on Pelagius and his belief in limited free will. These are just a few of my personal favorites. What are some of yours?

 Hit List As of yesterday I am a member of Columbia House DVD club. On my introductory offer I snagged the following: Good Will Hunting, Forrest Gump, Almost Famous Memento, and Saving Private Ryan . I've earned five free cd's on BMG for getting Chaz to sign up. I'm trying to decipher which five cd's I want to get. I would like to mention He's a happy and satisfied customer. I really feel that you should at least consider joining the club. It's an awesome deal, but I won't pester you about it. Just let me know. What albums do you highly recommend? What do you feel is quintessential to a good collection? Are there any that you've recently discovered and want to tell the world about? Come on, there have to be a a few. Speaking of Shameless Plugs, well not really, go check out urlLink To Whom It May Concern and read my most recent article. I hope you like it.

 Un-Official Anthems Sunday I had the notion that Americans revere American Pie in the same way that people of the U.K. revere Sunday Bloody Sunday . However, I'm not sure that Mr. McClean's epic is seen in the same light. If it were what would that say about American's? Jeff suggested that Greenwood's, God Bless America would be a better match. And your opinion would be?

 Devotion Does anyone know if Weezer performs a song called Devotion ? This song has been in my music folder for awhile. I'm sure it's not Ben Folds Five, like it said when I downloaded it a year ago. I think it is Weezer, but the song is better than anything on the band's three albums. I think it's amazing.

 My Good Eye I like the name Eye Level, but there is no available domain for it. Everything I really like is taken. I sure would like to decide the site name this week, so I can have a banner made. You read my site. What do you think? All suggestions will be appreciated.

 Incomplete Talking to Jed on Saturday I came to a few conclusions. As a friend there is nothing wrong with wanting someone to see eye to eye with you, especially on world-view related issues. Everyone's understanding is flawed. Everyone's understanding is partially constructed of their own presuppositions. Presuppositions are developed by people,events and one's observation of both. People are not omniscient(they don't know everything, only God does), therefore there conclusion is never complete. No one can rightfully expect another to have the same understanding. To want someone to see the same way is natural. Some disappointment is even permissible. However, it would be wrong to let the difference change the relationship.

 Clark Kent If I hear the Superman/Kryptonite reference in one more song, I'm going to go APE! Is there not an original line out there waiting to be written? Jed and I were discussing this situation yesterday, and now today as I type this up on Scott's computer a song on his winamp is committing the same sin.

 Call Back Don't you hate it when the phone rings from the next room; you run to answer it but miss the call;they don't leave a message;you dial up call return;call them back, and are greeted by a busy signal? I do.

 Reading Me Five months ago one of my top three professors, Dr. Freeman let me borrow a book called, The Grace of God, The Will of Man . It's fifteen articles about twenty pages in length on topics concerning God's sovreignty and human responsibility. I want to retain enough of what I learn to be able to hold an intelligent conversation with this teacher of mine. This is some of why I have yet to go through with this. It is an intimidating task. I feel bad I've had the book for so long. I want to get it back to him this week. Today I took my sub and coke ,sat outside and read about ten pages. A couple carloads of 'the kids' are going to a 'hardcore show' tonight. Scott has persistently encouraged me to go to this and a few other shows lately. I deeply appreciate this. Why am I not inspired to? I think the show is going to be great. I just haven't been so enthralled by the idea. I used to go to shows all the time. I love the atmosphere. I love the flow of thought I experience. I love being able to say I was there. It's like I'm weighing my options. As much as I do not like the thought of being stranded in my room all night, I prefer it to going. I hear Jeff singing in the hall. I hope I sound that good. Soon I hope to write and post articles on theology, philosophy, music, film and apologetics.

 Drainage Ditch I finally got the paper out of the way. I cancelled our prayer group again so I could get it turned in earlier. After my last class I sat out in the courtyard for awhile. The sun was so nice. Shadows were everywhere. It was warm for a change. I wrote a few poems about this. i was trying to write these truly wacked out poems. I'm listening to my favorite Weezer song, Butterfly covered by the Ataris. "I told you I would return when the robin makes its nest, but I ain't ever coming back." I need to get a new notebook immediately. This afternoon an unnamed friend of mine swam across the lake we have on campus. This was the big event in Graceville today. Would you swim across a very dirty lake? What's your price? I said I would do it that simple if everyone would call me "Cast Away". I'm refraining from naming him more to be funny than anything. He might get in trouble. If the school's administration wants to be honest and call it what it is, a drainage ditch, then maybe they have a case. Other than that lakes are meant to be swam in. It's Friday night for crying out, I can't stay cooped up in here. I got to get gone.

 Six Degrees Tonight Donna went to a free clinic to get her foot fixed. For a couple of weeks it has been hurting her. They think it might be something messed up with the muscles in her foot. They think they can fix this. I hope so. I hope that she doesn't have to stay off of her feet for long, if at all. This is my twentieth post on this blog. I think I'm going to make myself excited over this, cause it doesn't look like my hit counter is going to skyrocket anytime soon. I wish people would comment. I can't change the world. I only have half of the opening paragraph for that paper that is due tomorrow. I let Chaz borrow my copy of High Fidelity , another great Cusack flick. He wants to test out the DVD drive on his computer. He's actually not sure the capability exists. Justin, TR and I were playing 'Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon'. That's an awesome game. The concept is basic. The object is to connect a named actor, et cetera to Kevin Bacon in as few moves as possible. Any actor's name can be put in place of Kevin, but it's not technically the same game if you do that. EX: Robin Wright Penn- Kevin Bacon One possible solution: Robin Wright Penn starred in Forrest Gump with Tom Hanks who starred in Apollo 13 with Kevin Bacon. Now you try:Chevy Chase-Kevin Bacon. Give it a shot, chief!

 Rock Like That! I'm listening to Pictures, Stars and Dreams by Juliana Theory. "I'll never wish on another star again." When I get offline I am going to write a four page paper on those who have influenced me, whether positively or negatively. It is due at 9 tomorrow morning. The song just changed to a Ben folds Five classic, Selfless, Cold & Composed . The Piano is the instrument I will learn and the world can thank Mr. Folds for that. I had seen people play before I saw him in 1997, but this guy rocked, and he continues to rock. I want to rock like that. When I get the funds I will acquire this underrated instrument, but until then I can only dream. Maybe I could buy that DVD of the band live in the studio. That might tidy me over.

 Happy Ending This day ended happier. I walked inside happier, more satisfied and more sure of myself. I wasn't asking questions about what could have been different. Talking with Donna does that for me. Thank God for what time we have. There will be downtime, soon. Most of the time is downtime. I have to look back on this night when things slow down. If only I'd start learning how to act during all of this. Also, I think what bit of cold I've had is leaving me. And, and, and it was a whole lot warmer most of the day today. Bring on Spring. I can take the heat, it's the windburn that kills me.

 Great Find To my surprise tonight I found an ad for the internet home of urlLink Calvary Church in Hong Kong . This is an odd sight on Blogger. An ad with info that directly boasts of Jesus Christ our Lord and Savior. Awesome. Check it out!

 Lloyd II I've been trying to write characters and dream up plot ideas. I finished a fourth viewing of Say Anything last night, this time with the commentary on. The idea behind Lloyd Dobler was that he was heroic because he made conscious choices to be optimistic. Everything and everyone was trying to keep him down. He wasn't just an oblivious smiling guy, he had to battle his own hurt and disappointment. That's some great character work both by the actor and writer. You must obtain a copy of this movie and watch it soon. What movie characters have impacted your life the greatest? What makes a character great? What type of character needs to be written? Any ideas?

 Lloyd Today Jed, Scotty and I made a voyage to the mystical land of Dothan. They were always ready to go before I was. I got some new razors and Say Anything on DVD. I did not know this DVD existed. This movie is third on my top ten. I was really excited. Since we've been back I've watched the movie and all the extra feature, except all of the commentary. Watching the movie for this third viewing, I saw myself more in the fictional character of Lloyd Dobler. He said things I've said, or at least wanted to say. And the last two numbers of his liscense plate were 34. I did not know this until tonight. 34 is my favorite number. My screenname on Aim is Dobler34 . Wacky. I hope one day to re-enact the scene where he stands outside her window holding a boom box over his head and plays, In Your Eyes by Peter Gabriel. Perhaps I am a sap, but I walked away from the movie noticeably happier. Not much has that affect on me. I could fall for a good movie anyday.

 Fight to the Death The concept of choosing happiness is one I appreciate but am not sure I can pull off. Can I not just acknowledge how I have been so greatly blessed and how my life could be so much worse? Can I not be grateful? It seems in light of Christ,and how He gave His life for my poor excuse of one, that I could muster up more than "I'm okay" when people ask. I should be ecstatic. I should be content in all situations. This path of discontentment leads to the arena where one will fight himself to the death. Contentment through Jesus Christ leads to the purest happiness and the surest love.

 For The Love of the Money In a few minutes I will be taking my theology test. I am as confident with this as I was philosophy. I did however score horribly on my Christian History test, 63. Today I am wearing a Nike shirt. Don't worry I am no walking billboard. Actually in Sharpie on both sides of Nike I drew dollar signs. Then underneath that I wrote "Proud sponsor of Sweatshops, Materialism and Greed." All of which are true. Research this! The Back says,"For the Love of the Money." I think I'll write "Just do it" above that. Join me in my activism! Jed and I are going to Chipley after class. Who knows I might go crazy and buy something.

 Spare Change I would appreciate it if everyone would answer the following question: What would you change if you could? What I mean is, what about your present situation and the circumstances of your life right now would you like to change? Be deep. Be introspect. Be personal. Don't be basic. Don't be predictable. Answers such as feeding all the hungry or saving all the souls, though sweet, are not acceptable.

 Not so Morose I depress Jed. I don't think he's the only one. I apologize to all of you. Thanks for dealing with it. Today was an improvement. Justin and I got to spend some quality time together. We went to Chipley. First stop was Wal-Mart but they didn't have the game he wanted to buy. He was going to eat at Pizza Hut, but we went to Wendy's instead. Which made me happy because I had Pizza Hut the night before. The Double Stacks were not up to par. Who's complaining? Definetly, not me, I'm the all new happy guy version of my former morose self. Besides the burgers were only 99 cents. We then went to Dothan to see if the Wal-Mart's there had the goods. No such luck, but hey the ride was nice. Catching up is fun to do. I played Ryan Adam's Gold for him and he played the soundtrack for We Were Soldiers . I was pleased with the soundtrack. Riding in the rain is a real treat! Other than studying for Theology and being excessively happy I don't have any real plans tonight.

 Restless As it turns out the weekend was a disappointment. Every plan was unmade. Like many Friday nights we only talked about what we might do. We didn't do anything. While chatting with Donna on the phone Jed came in and we thought we might go to Wal-Mart. Jed left the room and I told Donna I would call back when we figured things out. He didn't want to go and while I was out of my room she called. She and her roomate had decided to go somewhere. She said, "Have fun at Wal-Mart", which is where she ended up going. I think if I had been there to answer the call I could have gone. So much for that. At 1:30am I trodded through the rain to Jeff's room. Thankfully, the lights were on still. I thought I would only be there a few minutes. It turned into a few hours. Jeff, Milks, and I discussed some standard theological issues such as Limited Atonement. I think I'm getting a little better at explaining my views. At or near three I was considering heading back to my room. Jeff said to look out at the rain and suggested that maybe I should just sleep there. Soon after Milks flipped the lights out. I layed down on the floor, with my book bag and glasses still entact. Jeff and I ceased with the talk of theology and talked about life in general. We were slowing down. At four I finished a sentence only to hear a silent Jeff. I took my cue and got up to go. As I shut the door I said bye. He responded, "Later man". This two and a half hours made the weekend. Thanks Jeff. Today was more of the same wanting to do something, but only talking about it. I slept a solid nine hours til 1:20. I had a good lengthy quiet time and I spoke with Jeff on the phone. Sorry Jeff, for waking you up. It was 4. Tonight a group of us went to Pizza Hut and to the coffee house. I didn't have much to say. I was disappointed and that was no one's fault. I slept all the way home. When we got back I continued to look for some happenings, but I only came up empty. That's the weekend.

 Moment by Moment We aren't sure what we are going to do tonight. It looks like I'll get some quality time with friends this weekend. Justin is such a good friend. He bought me a copy of my second favorite movie, Fisher King on DVD. Instantly I was happy. Now I own three of my top ten. Tomorrow we are going to go to the Matinee of We Were Soldiers or as TR calls it, Braveheart 3 . I've just downloaded two new songs by urlLink Dead Yet Living . Check the band out yourself. They've got my vote. I feel better. This moment looks to last all weekend long.

 3,500 Miles Away When people ask me how I'm doing my response is generally, "okay". Some get frustrated with such a mediocre reply. I try to be honest with people. Lately, I've not been so sure how I felt, or if I was even feeling. I told Chaz that I remain at this level of melancholy but that there are moments when I feel great or horrible. Sometimes those moments are of great length. Then its not hard for me to describe how exactly I feel. Is not knowing how you feel better than feeling bad? I'm really not sure. Feeling bad is at least feeling something, feeling alive. We have pain so we can recognize damage. It's like a diagnostic test. Raining in Baltimore , another Counting Crows song, says, "Three thousand five hundred miles away, what would you change if you could?" I know what I would change, just wish that I could. God, remind me of what real joy is and where it can be found. Only in you. Let me live not like I'm dead but, let me live driven by the grace that has spared me and given me a second birth. Wake me Up. Amen.

 urlLink Manna Cabana urlLink Wendy directed me to this amazing site. They've got everything you could want in the areas of Christian community and resources. urlLink The Village is the hull of the community activity with message boards galore. urlLink The Coffee Shop offers poetry and short stories. Everyone should explore urlLink The Outer Islands filled with tons of links on practically everything including, apologetics, theology and evangelism. Ok, urlLink go already.

 Strong A.H. Strong constructed 'The Theory of Gods Self-Limitation' which says: Matter is Gods self-limitation under the law of necessity. Humanity (Freedom of Choice) is Gods self-limitation under the law of freedom. The Incarnation and Atonement are Gods self-limitation under the law of Grace. I agree with this. I believe God had the power to do things completely different but chose to set things up the way He did. Criticize this as you will, but you limit God by your own definitions and presuppositions. God has shown us His character, and to do something in complete contrast to that would make Him a liar. God is creator, father and judge. He is the only perfect moral character. God is loving, all powerful, and holy. I admit, we do not completely grasp the character or attributes of God. Our notions are only foggy, but we have an idea. Space and time do not limit God. He is outside of both. Yet, He has submitted Himself to these laws, which He wrote. Time and space exists because God willed them be. The two will one day cease to be, while God will always be. God could have gone without creating us to start with. God could have made us mindless, but instead He gave us the capacity to think rationally and to make choices. This is, in itself, a gift of Gods grace. Adam and Eve abused the gifts of choice and rational thought. This is what sin is. Everyone sins. Sin earns eternal death in Hell. We are separated from God by our sin. We need a mediator to set things straight. God offered that through Jesus Christ. Maybe God could have saved us some other way, but thats not the point. He has established Jesus as The Way, and theres no way around that. Each person will be held accountable for his or her sin. More importantly, each person will receive the consequence of rejecting Christ or the reward of accepting Him, eternal life in heaven. I believe that life, choice, and salvation, are all gifts of grace given by God only. We dont earn them. We deserve Hell. Its not what we deserve, its what He offers. Hes already taken the first step and made our steps possible. Whether one accepts, rejects, or remains indifferent a choice is made.

 Time Flies Time Flies no matter whether we are having fun or not. Time flies so fast Im nauseous and jet-lagged. The only time that time seems slow is when patience is tested. Doctors offices. College Registration. Voting. Lectures. Grocery Lines. Traffic. No watch around here has the exact time. It doesnt feel like 8:30. It doesnt feel like April. I dont feel 21. But, I am. Ive always pondered how neat it would be to stand in front of a mirror, watching closely, as even my own face changed. Im sure that I still wouldnt meter the change so well. Id just get used to the changes and make claims that I had always looked that way. Part of me still has the same perspective as the high school graduate of 99. My humor is not as dark, but Im colder. Maybe I am more caring, but I find it harder and harder to be. Ive been awakened from many of the dreams I had. Yet, I keep praying to dream them again. Sometimes I dont think Id care so much if I was completely ignorant. I just want to be hopeful again. Yes, I have hope in Christ that comforts me through all of this turbulence. When does the smooth sailing begin? I know better than to ask. They say with knowledge comes pain. Im not the smartest guy in town, but I know enough to have a headache. I never asked to eat form the tree of knowledge. I just take without asking. Whats with all my rambling? Oh, Im just trying to make sense of it all. Part of me does still feel 18. But, Im not, despite what all the people at church think. Im 21 with a short win column and lengthier losing streak. I havent done much with myself. Id like to get my head straight. My college career has been my security blanket. Just call me Linus. But that will be taken away in a year. I dont know if Im any more ready now than I was then, standing on a stage of pomp and circumstance silently pledging to make more of myself. Right now, I can sound ambitious. Im majoring in Christian Education. I want to be a Minister of Education." What happens when I graduate from here? I want to stay in college forever, well ten more years would be nice. If I could stay in that long, maybe I could move right into being a professor. Right now, Im still learning how to be what I aspire to be. As soon as I hold that diploma people expect me to be that. Theyll call me grown, by every definition. That doesnt mean I will be. It doesnt even mean Ill be able to fake that whole grown-up image.

 Sing Me A Song Chris called me Monday to wish me a happy birthday. I wasn't around, so he left me a message. Chris has been my best friend for seven years. Last May he moved to Atlanta. He came and visited over Christmas when I was staying at my parents. On New Year's Eve he drove me back to campus here and we said goodbye. Sadly, that was the last time we talked. I should have called. I should have, but I get so engrossed in life here that I forget friendships further away. I can be self-absorbed like that. I hate that I missed his call. We've just been playing phone tag, since then. This is not a favorite game of mine. It's good to hear the voice an old friend, even on a machine.

 Letters To Myself Earlier tonight Mike was telling me about a letter he wrote himself when he was eight. He said it was kind of neat. I thought, "I should do that." Then I realized that's what my journals are. Actually, I was reading over entries I've made since January. This was haunting. Boy, this has been a long semester. Some days seem like they were just yesterday. Some feel like years ago. Still, it's all so beautifully interwoven that even the farthest memories seem as close as an embrace. I see the resolutions I've made and broken. Mike said I was just being hard on myself, but it's hard to see where I've changed for the better. Yet, I can list off so many ways in which I have changed. The Lord is still working on me. I feel like I am a puzzle. God can already see the completed picture, He's holding the box lid. Right now, He's still sorting out all the edge pieces. It's only a puzzle when the pieces are scattered. He who puts the puzzle together is not puzzled in the least. What will people see in me? Will the Light reflect so bright that it heals blind eyes? I prayed today that God would give me a passion which leads to compassion. Everyone is passionate, too many don't act on that (compassion). I pray that God would guide me to sincerity in prayer and depth in Bible study. I want Him to speak to me. I'm crying out for that. I'm tired of these endless cycles and all of what feels like praying in vain. I'm crying out. Chaz, Donna, Fozzy, and Jed all left for West Virginia at 5:00 am this morning. They and others from the school will be doing missions work. I'm excited for them. They'll return with so many stories. I can't wait. I must admit this town is emptier without them. I spend a lot of everyday with these four people. I don't know what to make of their absence.

 A Wish A wish I have for my life is that family will be like the best of friends and friends will be like family. From now on I will not announce when I am going out of town. I've noticed hits plummit and people don't comment when I do.

 Leaving After classes, 3:30, my parents will arrive and we will head for Atlanta. A cousin of mine is getting married. I haven't packed and I don't feel like it. I don't even think that I have anything to wear to a wedding, nothing that is ready anyway. I'd like to find Chris, Gary or Amy there, but it looks like I will be too busy. Perhaps, I can call. It will be free from there. I'm going to try and get my papers, one due yesterday and two due next week, finished. I have a second philosophy test on Monday. Anybody got any ideas for a paper in the area of church recreation that I could write? Give me some ideas, please. I don't want to write what I got now. I should be able to get online tonight, once we get there. Later,

 To Worry or Not to Worry I was praying while getting ready this morning. All That You Can't Leave Behind , U2's most recent albuim played. I said,"God I know that you will take care of this one way or the other. I know that everything is going to be okay." A new song, In A Little While , began. I heard Bono's voice, "In a little while this hurt will hurt no more." That's amazing. I take it as no coincidence. I take it as God speaking directly to me. This is really cool. That, in itself, calms my spirit,reminds me to trust God, and to not worry.

 Afternoon Report and Rambling "I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it."-Mitch Hedberg I'm excited about the summer. I am going to spend a lot of time with God in prayer and Bible study. I am going to get my head cleared of the chaos we so affectionately refer to as Spring 2002. I am dedicating myself to do a lot of reading. I have the notion to get a prayer group started of the guys who will be left in the dorm. I've been given the responsibility of leading such a group this semester. Boy, have I fail miserably. We've met once. I look forward to the pictures that I will take. I plan on getting back into a regular regimine of running and walking. I can't wait to arrive in August and see how for once I lived up to resolutions that I made. I have a church evaluation due Thursday. I did a paper my first semester here that should suffice. I have another paper due on Monday. This one is about my personal philosophy of leadership. Tuesday, I have a paper for Church Recreation about how First Place can lead church members to a stronger relationship with Christ, by offering the nutrition and exercise plan that people are looking for. I'm not too hyped up about this one. This weekend a cousin of mine is getting married. So Friday afternoon, my family and I will venture to the land of Atlanta, Georgia. I need to get as much work as possible complete before shipping out. In a few minutes I am going by student services in hopes of getting a job. I really need one. Maybe, I could fill that opening in the bookstore. I really like my post, The Music of The 20th Century , and am tempted to go on strike until 47 people comment on it. Don't test me!!! I am kidding(or am I???). I'm possibly going to host urlLink To Whom It May Concern , the site that Jeff, Justin and I write for. I just need to find out if I have enough space. By the way, Lori, how come you never called back?

 The Music of The 20th Century Blueberry Hill by Fats Domino came to mind earlier and I started singing what I knew of it. I decided to download the song. I thought, "It's a shame I don't already have this." It's a shame I don't own the album. The way that the song was used in Twelve Monkeys deepened my appreciation of it. In the movie Bruce Willis plays James Cole. Cole had been underground since he was eight years old, when all but one percent of the world's population died off. He was recruited to go into the past and trace the source of the plague. There he was labelled a lunatic with an escapist fantasy. He broke free from an asylum and kidnapped his psychiatrist. He needed her because he couldn't drive. While in the car she turned on the radio. The news frightened him. However, he proved himself by knowing the outcome of the reports. He thought that the radio ads were speaking directly to him. He didn't understand the concept of an advertisement. She twisted the dial and passed Blueberry Hill . Stress had been all over his face but a smile started. He pleaded with her to tune it back. She did and the smile broke free and spread across his face. He was very childlike. Cole said, "I love the music of the twentieth century." She took the simple things for granted. To her this was just another song she had heard too much. To her this was just another station to skip past. He had heard the song before going underground all those years ago. He went over thirty years without hearing a good song. I can't imagine that. The song reminded him of life before he was made a prisoner. The song reminded him of life as it had been when the world was still naive and young. The song reminded him of the freedom he hoped for. He longed for the simpler days of his boyhood. I am currently working on what may become my first completed book, Twelve Monkeys and Twelve Disciples: A Comparison of The Fictional James Cole and The True Jesus Christ. Whether by the writer's intention or not, I see many similarities between the two. I view James Cole as man's attempt to save himself. In the movie, much like in reality, the world heralds science as religion and scientists as gods. The scientists devise this scheme to save humanity and they crown James Cole as savior. Of course, all their best laid plans fall apart. We cannot save ourselves. Nobody on earth can save us either. Jesus is the only savior. We will only be saved by grace through faith in Him. Faith can't be made in a test tube.

 Too Good To Be Trashed Recently, I came to the conclusion that the 7UP can is by far the nicest looking and best designed of all the soda cans I know. I tried to find a picture of one, but couldn't. I did find the official site that has a brief history of the soda since its 1920 inception. Your urlLink soda history knowledge isn't what it used to be, I know. So quit thinking about it and urlLink go get educated .

 urlLink The Metamorphosis of Gomer Electrin has written a tale of one man's journey through love and loss. It's about reflection and introspection. I'm glad he wrote urlLink this and you'll be glad you read it.

 engraved hope and desperation spill into the same pool and I'm dogpaddling swallowing water seeking resuscitation and I can breathe and I can't water by the gallon coughing and choking I have put myself here under these endless waves I have taken the dive and embraced my grave I'm not sure what this means or how to explain it.

 Carlos In Charge "Quick before the hits/comments die off, start a controversy." One of my old professors gets a big ol' kick out of the fact that I wear a work shirt with a name tag that says, Carlos. He just keeps repeating it, "Carlos, Carlos, Carlos." He kept trying to sound like Ricky Ricardo. He was sitting in his office. I sat outside his door. I was waiting on another of my prof's. Randomly, the old man, would say, "Carlos". I'd be like, "What?" He'd say, "Oh nothing...", while laughing rather maniacally. Maybe, he's going senile.

 Thoughts on Humility I am not the library. I am not a book. I am not a chapter. I am not a paragraph a sentence, or even a word. At best I am a jot or tittle. I cross my I and dot my T. I can be overlooked, skimmed over or even marked out. But I can be part of something. Part of words becoming sentences. Sentences filling pages. Pages filling books. Books filling shelves and readers being filled with love,hope, faith and joy and being rescued from dusty reading rooms of dead language, forgotten thoughts and unintelligible jibberish. I can be part of what happens when the author tells a story.

 urlLink 20 Questions Like the game urlLink twenty questions ?, you'll love this link. It's Artificial Intelligence at its best, like most bloggers...yeah, I'm kidding. This is really awesome. It's great, especially if you don't have any friends to play with.

 In The Service I was having new ideas during morning worship at church. 1. "The family's all here, well most of them. Ah, family, they smell nice." 2. "This rings reminiscent of Uncle Guy's funeral." This was the first time this many of us had been in that sanctuary since that day four years ago(4/3/1998). 3.It would be neat to accept Christ on a day when the church had communion. 4.It's not fire and brimstone. It's not tolerance. It's Jesus. Dad is going to drive me back to school now. Later on.

 Like Family My Grandmother is 80 years old today. After church we are having a big get together. Cousins, uncles and aunts from Atlanta are here for the event. They'll say,"Your hair is getting long." Thanks, Uncle Obvious! I don't mind my family, they're great. I talked to Lori last night. We both agreed that we miss our friendship. Since she's gone from BCF, we hardly ever see one another. We agreed we need to spend some time catching up. We both restated that we'd be there if ever needed, even for a 3 am phone call. Lori, you couldn't have found a better time to be there. Thanks.

 Drying Eyes In a positive, yet weird, moment, Jeff chased me from the cafeteria. A bunch of us were having a grand ol' time. I thought I'd step into this room for a second. The plan is to go to Waffle House or something typical. I hope they don't leave me. It's going to be great. When I wrote the last post it could have been said that I was 'unhappy' as Dane put it. Today I made a point to be joyful. It wasn't fake. I just had to dig for it. I may feel like dying at points during the day, but I can't forget He wants me to live more fully through Him. My world may feel upside down but God is still God. Whether we be just friends or what I am doing all that is in my power to maintain the friendship that Donna and I have. It is most obviously a gift from God. I will not let Satan or stupidity or selfishness tear that apart. Things aren't quite as awkward. Things almost feel like normal. I am not sad, and I have no right to be. My soul has been spared from eternal damnation by Christ's great and perfect act of love and grace upon the cross. How can I let today weigh me down. I will perservere. As for the comment frenzy: Anonymous you are forgiven. Thank you for coming and talking to us. Dane and Esteban thanks for the words of wisdom and for taking the time to write all that in. For those who defended me, thanks. Let us all be forgiving, for we have been forgiven. As for ???...the identity is still unknown. I only say this to clarify that it is not Anonymous. I'm not worried.

 Tears Ever been too sad to post? I have been lately, but today I decided, "My blog will go on." For five months Donna and I have been considering a relationship. We've developed the greatest friendship. Tuesday she told me she doesn't think it's God's will we be together. She's pretty sure of what she says, but so am I. She says she's wanted this relationship as much as I do. There were times when she thought we'd always be. Yet now for a reason she can't explain she doesn't think we could ever be. She told me it was okay for me to write about this, so expect a truckload of material on the subject. I can't muster up the energy to say much else this minute. I'm interested in what your thoughts might be. Keep in mind I am fragile and have thought this through.

 Take a Joke In case you aren't aware, the below post was a joke. I'm not even close to quitting this site. urlLink Amy , I don't give up too fast. No, the site is staying alive. In fact, Jed and I are going to make my template right now. By tomorrow I should have everything moved over to the new place, www.eye-level.net. Hold on, don't go yet. Hold your horses. Update : It is now tomorrow and Jed and I haven't made that template yet, but we will soon. There are a lot of things I plan to post in the upcoming days. Topics include: U2, Calvinism, my weekend, secular humanism and defining truth, and Panic Room .

 Calling it Quits I've been thinking about this and well, I'm not going to write anymore. I hope your not too disappointed. Life will go on. I'm too open. I just open myself up to being misunderstood. If you will comment and leave your email, I'd like to drop a note, update you now and then. Peace,

 Alone In My Principles That's right, I still post on To Whom. urlLink Go read my latest and tell me what you think....please.

 Song of Salvation Isaiah 12 AND in that day thou shalt say, O Lord, I will praise thee: though thou wast angry with me, thine anger is turned away, and thou comfortest me. 2-Behold, God is my Salvation; I will trust and not be afraid: for the Lord JEHOVAH is my strength and my song; he also is become my salvation. 3-Therefore with joy shall ye draw water out of the the wells of salvation. 4-And in that day shall ye say, Praise the Lord, call upon his name, declare his doings among the people, make mention that his name is exalted. 5-Sing unto the Lord; for he hath done excellent things: this is known in all the earth. 6-Cry out and shout, thou inhabitant of Zion: for great is the Holy One of Israel in the midst of thee. (KJV)

 Unoriginal but Felt from December 17th, 2001 she's an angel more beautiful than she could know she doesn't wear a halo but, I've seen the way she glows

 Singin' on the Rain I was noticing that there have been a lot of songs written about rain. Sometimes universally repeated themes and ideas annoy me, but that is not the case here. In fact, I like many of these songs. Here are just a few I can think up with rain in the title. Tell me some you like. The Beta Band-Dry the Rain Creedence Clearwater Revival-Have You Ever Seen the Rain? and Who'll Stop the Rain? Burt Bachrach-Raindrops Keep Falling on My Head Travis-Why Does it Always Rain on Me? Counting Crows-Raining In Baltimore and Rain King

 Question: What have you learned about me from reading this site?

 Being Neighborly Mr. Neighbor told me he was sorry tonight. He said he doesn't really like my sort of music, but is getting used to it. I told him it was all okay and that I hoped we could continue to get along. We shared a firm handshake and he left the room. Don't worry, Mr. Landlord, I think we got this one. Thank You Lord!

 Justin McLeod is a swell guy. urlLink Justin is a guy who has many names, Highlander, Jay, J-Lo(watch me get some google hits off that one!), Mr. Deepness, Samuel, and of course my personal favorite, Beard Hat. I gave him that one because he often wears this hat that seems to be strapped onto his head by his beard. Tonight he and I were chatting it up on the ol' instant messenger. I told him how aggravating it is that last night I had 5 ideas for posts, but couldn't remember any of them. Then I said, "oh, that was one, how cool Justin McLeod is." And in a moment of pure humor he said, "You got the time for that kind of thing?" I know he was just kidding, he's not an arrogant guy. He's too cool for that. But, after he left I realized I don't have that kind of time. So it'll have to wait.

 Superman's Song words and music by Brad Roberts and Crash Test Dummies Tarzan wasn't a ladies' man He'd just come along and scoop 'em up under his arm Like that, quick as a cat in the jungle But Clark Kent, now there was a real gent He would not be caught sittin' around in no Junglescape, dumb as an ape doing nothing Superman never made any money For saving the world from Solomon Grundy And sometimes I despair the world will never see Another man like him Hey Bob, Supe had a straight job Even though he could have smashed through any bank In the United States, he had the strength, but he would now Folks said his family were all dead Their planet crumbled but Superman, he forced himself To carry on, forget Krypton, and keep going Superman never made any money For saving the world from Solomon Grundy And sometimes I despair the world will never see Another man like him Tarzan was king of the jungle and Lord over all the apes But he could hardly string together four words: "I Tarzan, You Jane." Sometimes when Supe was stopping crimes I'll bet that he was tempted to just quit and turn his back On man, join Tarzan in the forest But he stayed in the city, and kept on changing clothes In dirty old phonebooths till his work was through And nothing to do but go on home Superman never made any money For saving the world from Solomon Grundy And sometimes I despair the world will never see Another man like him

 New Feature: Excerpts from a 5th Grade Journal, 1991-1992 My Dad found this fossil on a recent archaeological dig through the boxes and piles of stuff we've stored next door. It's my journal from Ms. Mixon's class in fifth grade. This is proof that I've been journalling for a decade. How's that for archives? Speaking of that I should have those fixed this week. I plan to post these excerpts on a regular basis. I'll eventually move on to later years and the journals I kept then. These will all be written without correction, just as they were originally penned. But, this is day one. August 30, 91 I really don't have any problems with my classmates except for today when Tyrece said me and Lee were just lucky to win 3rd place in the lipsink contest. I think the reason he said that was because I used a guitar and he didn't. P.S. I don't have any true problems but Tyresee cup and he's not a problem.

 Told You I Would this morning missing you was more noticeable than being awake what to do about this was more questioned than the test I had to take and before the hair in my eyes all I saw was that you are missing

 Noise Ordinance Mr. Neighbor knocks on the wall and complains about the volume of my music. I turn it down the first couple times because it was too loud. Besides I try to respect people. He complains offhand about the noise, but everyone else seems to think nothing of it. Mr. Neighbor makes a big deal of this. Mr. Neighbor beats furiously on the wall. The music was not too loud this time. The pounding on the wall scared me, I didn't even know what it was for to start with. I pounded back. A few minutes after Mr. Neighbor comes in. He threatens to tell Mr. Landlord. I say the music isn't too loud. He leaves to report me. A while later Mr. Landlord comes in. He okays the volume level. A bit later Mr. Neighbor comes back in and says to turn the music down. I tell him what our landlord said. He gets mad and leaves to report me again. I asked him to tell Mr. Landlord that I had it at the level he said I could. Why does this feel like 9th grade? I'm sincerely not trying to be mean about any of this. I just don't get it or know how to handle it. I don't appreciate conflict.

 Word Count In my total 103 posts from the three months history of eye level I have here a list of words and how many times I've used them each. jeff-8 jed-16 donna-13 justin-7 Jesus-11 friend-22 thank, thanks, thankful-23 song or songs-19 sex-2 philosophy-9 pray-15 hope-21 chaz-9 me-85 later-11 counting crows-3 life-18 love-16 girl-4 yesterday-6 tonight-15 why-6 who-29 what-52 home-9 God-23 heart-8 waffle house-3 eye-12 ideas-6 movies or movie-9 film-6 faith-6 graceville-4

 Artificially Flavored Breakfast Beverage For a week now I've been drinking 'Bright and Early'. I was proud of myself for increasing my normal, but good, orange juice intake. Then today, I learned the sad truth: this is nothing more than generic Sunny D. Hey, at least I've been getting my Vitamin C.

 Burn Out I've been online all day. My eyes are about to burn out of my head. Donna says that would be interesting to see. I haven't been able to get a hold of my friend yet. I feel so powerless. I don't know what to say or pray even. I know that only God will get me through this.

 Captain Reformation Yesterday my mind got cluttered with various brands of pain and aggravation. I needed a walk to take and a friend to talk to so, Chaz and I set out at 11. We ventured down the alleys and avenues of Graceville. We talked on the topics of God, faith, the reformation, destiny, art, and all else that was wedged into my brain. Chaz is always good to talk to when we go on these excursions. Last night was no different. Walking, talking and breathing in the night air really worked wonders. At the onset of our journey he began a rant about how he is tired of all the drama, the breaking hearts,the hard feelings, the misunderstandings, and the suspense. He proclaimed, "Everybody just needs to get together, and hug, and ... mosh! " That wasn't quite what I was expecting him to say. It struck me funny. I laughed and said to him that I was going to quote him on the site. Then he starting getting all worked up and louder. I said to him, "Now you're just reaching for it." He admitted this truth, "Yeah". You know, I really am thankful for this friendship. We have our differences. He is reformed, and I am not. Still, we manage to get along and relate to one another so well that the friendship is a source of encouragement and enjoyment. I don't always agree with him, but I don't have to. That's not what friends are for.

 Shocked I found out today that a girl I used to know died in a car wreck. I pray for her family. I will have to call a friend in Atlanta later and tell him. He was close to her.

 urlLink Underfoot Jed had an idea, and he got to work. In just a few short days he has created the site and recruited several writers. So what is this 'Underfoot' I speak of? It offers line after line of poetry and lyric from an honest Christian perspective. Jed even asked me to write for it, how cool is that? We all have aliases, yet are still free to say who we are. I will post under the name, C.L. Three poems are waiting for you to read them. urlLink Here's the link .

 Legion and Jesus This morning I had a time of prayer and then I read Mark 5. The story jumped out at me. I recommend that you go read it yourself. Maybe I will write a song about this. Two Verses: :4-...he had often been bound with shackles and chains, and the chains had been torn apart by him and the shackles broken in pieces, and no one was strong enough to subdue him. :6-Seeing Jesus from a distance he ran up and bowed down before him. (NASB)

 There You Go If I pick you flowers and keep them for myself It's not so that I can watch them wilt

 No Kinder Savior I've had urlLink Smalltown Poets' album, Third Verse, for a few weeks but only recently started listening to it. I am amazed. Throughout the days parts of each song play simultaneously in my mind. This is more of that music, like The Waiting, that opens my heart to God. One song stood out of the myst of great songs, and became the instant favorite. Below are the lyrics. Please read them. I'm interested how this song, and others speak to you. No Kinder Savior It's best to meet these things head on, she said Before too much gets on your mind Thoughts like books are piling up Sometimes the lessons don't seem kind The fighting feelings will get easier The ones that make your mood stay blue You have believed the lie for long enough No kinder Savior comes for you Chorus: Hallelujah, Hallelujah Sing the blessings, sing them down For the one who's ready to give up No kinder Savior will be found I've even tried to hear from God, he said Didn't Jesus love the weak? She said, he was willing to give up That is, the man who couldn't speak The story goes that when his tongue was loosed Expecting cries of pent up grief The crowd astonished by the spectacle All heard a song of new belief Sing a song about a higher love That we would know it at first sight Sing it loud and long enough He could make it real tonight Chorus There are few who want this narrow door Most seekers seek a broader pass Hoping somehow they are living up To what any god would ask And longing for a kinder Savior From the tyranny of days There already is a Savior Yeah, He already lead the way

 There You Go If I don't stand around to wave goodbye It's not because I'm rushing inside

 The Lucas Faith Until 1999 I had never really watched any of the episodes. Episode 1 was about to come out. A couple of friends brought a box set over so I could see them and be familiar with the story in time for the newest. I enjoyed the movies. Empire Strikes Back was my immediate favorite thanks to the scenes with Bobba Fett and those with the Ewoks flying through the forrest on their Sea-Do's. I tried really hard to get into them, it was the 'in' thing. Despite all my best efforts, I would never be a fanatic. The endless discussion and know-it-all trivia contest between fans turned me off in the same way that hearing my grandmother talk about All My Children made me pray that soap operas would be banned. It's always felt like, people weren't allowed to just like the movies. They had to be obsessed with them, else they were degenerate and not 'real' fans. And by all means, don't ever say you think another movie is better. You'll be killed. Fine, I'm not a 'real' fan. If I have to die for that, I'll just have to die for it. Break out your light sabers. My question: Why is it so appalling that someone doesn't like Star Wars ? I will say this, the movies are cleverly written and visually appealling. It's quality entertainment. But, so are the movies I list as favorites. Yet I dont expect people to share the same feeling, and usually they dont. It's not a safe assumption to assume that someone who doesn't like the movies, does so ignorantly. Don't think it's out of rebellion either. I am always made to either feel like an outcast, idiot or possible convert when in a group of Star Wars fanatics and it is uncovered that I don't like the movies much. This type behavior is not acceptable of any true film lover. Don't call yourself one if you're going to act like this. To all of you Star Wars fans, I aint mad at ya, I aint got nothing but love for you. The way some of you so intensely defend this faith, you make it fun, to mock you. But, thats just it, its all in good fun. I find it humorous that these discussions get as heated as a debate on Calvinism. Well kids, thats all for me. Play fair.

 The Clock on the Wall This afternoon I walked with Jed to drop some mail off. I was telling him how this summer feels like a hyphen. It's like spring and fall are one word. I can't know what the word is until the second half is written. In the same breath I told him all that I expect from Summer. My expectations make it at least a paragraph. I believe the events of this season will have large impact on what the second half of the word is. I gave him a third analogy. This summer is like a movie that I really want to see, but don't feel like watching now. I am all too aware that it is a movie. So aware that I can't get into the movie. As the scenes play before me I become part of it. The distinguishing lines of the screen fade. I no longer notice the unending ticking of a clock on the wall. I am one of the characters. I carry on conversation with them. My heartbreaks at their twisting fate. Before I realize it, the credits are rolling. Only then do I remember that I've been watching a movie. I comment on how it was such an amazing film and how it has changed me. The movie is now a part of me that I was not aware of before, but would no longer know myself without. In the fall I will ramble on about the things that summer showed me. I'll share these lessons with anyone who will listen, and some who won't. I'll consider myself naive for dreading the summer, in the least. I'm all too aware of the screen. I pray the lines will fade faster. I count down each day, but I want to lose track.

 Ghosts of a Dying Season I burned myself a cd this weekend and this was the title. It's 22 songs that capture the essence of the last semester. It's 22 songs that relate both directly and indirectly. Some because they fit line by line the stories and situations that unfolded this Spring. Others because I heard them a lot during the months and on many nights of drama and dreams. I can sing these with all my heart. I can reflect on this lake of days, but summer is a pool of its own. I'll drown if I don't keep swimming. It should always be one's hope to not be the same. I will still be me, and these friends of mine will continue to be themselves. Yet temporal elements will change. It looks scary, but so do rollercoasters. I'm looking forward to all of it. When I do look back its in joy, and not regret. I cherish memories. I cherish making them all the more. I do not agree that the 'good ol' days' are gone. There is quite a bit from the past few days I want to tell you, especially saying goodbye to Donna. I will write that later on, but now I need to pick up a book for my class that starts tomorrow. I've never made above a C in a class with this teacher and I am intent to do so this time.

 Mr. Sandman Today is three and a half hours old. I reflect on the day behind me. 12:30 departure for Destin 2:30 arrival, go out on beach 3:00 go out into the ocean, get caught in the undertow, survive 3:45 go back, not going down without a fight 4:30 laying on the beach, asleep/awake 5:00 back in the water 6:00 walk down the beach toward the sunset 6:30 seashore chat 8:15 leave beach, go to eat 9:00 begin trek home 11:30 got back, shower, 'wore slap out' Today 12:30 depart for wal-mart 1:30 home again, sit in car and talk 2:00 go inside exhausted 2:05 found Jed, talked to him 2:45 Jeff and Sean got back from Waffle House 2:50 tried to write on here 3:52 decided I've been up way too long I heard the Moulin Rouge soundtrack three times and A Walk to Remember's, twice. I played numerous cd's and countless songs were sung. I spent near 12 hours with the same group of people. I spent 3.15 on two double stacks, a fry, and a water. I made two trips to Wal-Mart. I ate most of two bags of peach rings. I said, "what?!", about 30 or 40 times. I took a roll of film up and started a new one. I heard reference to too many secrets and inside jokes that I'm out on. I learned new things and heard new stories from a close friend. I educated this friend as well. I had a few deeper conversations. I listed out top five best and worst days of the semester. This day would have made the list had not the semester already been over. I wrote one blog and saw there was no one left to say goodnight to, goodnight.

 Kevin Arnold Don't get me wrong I love it. It's always been my favorite show, but sometimes life feels like a bad episode of The Wonder Years. So much mellodrama. Thinking about it I remember how Kevin would always insert some line of depth at just the right moment. I get frustrated that I don't have a knack for that. Then I realize that Kevin's deeper thoughts were usually spoken by the narrorator, which was the forty-something version of himself. That's easy for you to say, Mr. Arnold, you're older and wiser. Would you have listened to yourself, if you could have? I don't think you would have. It would have been one more parent telling you what to do and how to live. Voices of reason have always been there for me. I hear them say, "Look Out, It's the edge of the cliff!" I say to myself, "But, what if it feels good? What if I can fly?" Then I fall and break every bone. Then after months of life support and physical therapy I am able to walk again. With the aide of friends and family I make my way back to the top. I approach the edge. This time I hear them and my own voice of reason which says, "It hurt pretty bad last time. Maybe we should turn around." but then I say, "You never know, falling may not hurt this time, maybe the wind wasn't right before." And off I go like Wyle E. Coyote. Splat! I spend the last couple weeks of every semester catching up on late work and studying. I get so caught up in catching up that I forget to stay caught up with people. Then I see them packing up and waving goodbye. Goodbyes always sneak up on me, despite perfect hindsight. If I would just stop closing my eyes. I tally up the days of summer, counting down til they'll all be here again. I fail to remember that some won't be back. That's just the fact and math of it. When last spring ended I had no clue that two of my best friends would not return. They didn't know either. The news hit hard, just like the bottom of a cliff. The news I hear now hits that hard too. Oh, mellodrama. Things will be different next semester, but I've come to expect that. I just wish I wouldn't take people for granted. I knew all semester some who would not return. There will be others who don't make it back, but don't know yet. I won't get over it. I'll get through it. Sometimes the cliffs just crumble right out from under our feet. Perhaps, I'll be a better friend because of it. Still, no one said I have to look forward to it.

 Change of Address Has anyone ever caught on that where it says, 'Eye Contact' on the left side links to my email? Well, Now you do. Since 1999 when my family first got a computer I've had the same address, stikmanstan@yahoo.com. This was from an idea I had for a band name, Stikmanstan and the five-piece band. I never the liked that name much, but stikmanstan had a certain ring to it. But, now I move on. When I bought this domain it came with an address. I haven't really thought about it until today. I present to you my new address, urlLink chase@eye-level.net . Feel free to drop a line, and this is where I expect those cloud pictures. Thank you.

 Opera Singer I am an Opera Singer I stand on painted Tape It tells me where I'm going And where to throw my cape I call my co-star's brother I call my co-star's name I play both good and evil parts I sing to Verdi's play And every single morning By 10 AM I'm dressed My rehearsals last for hours and hours With diligence I have been blessed Some people they call me monster Some people they call me saint My talent feeds my darker side Yet no one will complain I am an opera singer I sing in foreign lands I've sung for kings in Europe And emperors in Japan And after each performance People stand around and wave Just to tell me that they love my voice Just to tell me that I'm great I am an opera singer I will sing when you're all dead I sing the mountains crumbling apart I sing what can't be said I am an opera singer I sing in foreign lands Most people seem to know my name Or at least know who I am Yeah, Cake is a good band. This song makes me laugh.

 Visions of Sugarplums:The Future of Eye Level Change is on the way. This site will be growing up shortly. I have a few ideas of things I'm going to do over the next couple months. urlLink /thewaiting The other day I was reminded of how much the music of this great band opens my heart up to God. I wanted to share the music with everyone. I wanted people to experience that same effect. I decided I would create a fan page. I visited their site and what do you know, they are having a links contest. I e-mailed the site administrator, who turned out to be the drummer. I was being sure that offering the music for others to download wouldn't somehow be legit. It isn't, Brandon told me he can't even put his music on the page. I had to ask. He told me to go on and make my page, "I'm sure I could link you." I hope so. Entries are due May, 31st. /cloudproject Donna loves to take pictures of clouds. She is going to cover the ceiling in her room with them next semester. I was walking around a couple weeks ago. I saw clouds and it made me think of her. I had my camera in my bag and the idea came to me. I would go and take rolls and rolls of cloud pictures and send them to her over the summer. I wasn't going to tell her so soon. But then, the first day of this project, she knew I had been taking pictures and asked what they were of. I had been taking cloud pictures. Then she was with me when I dropped the film off. I figured I might as well go ahead and tell her. So I told her. She really liked it. I told her my idea for the cloud project site. She liked that too. In further detail, here's the plan. Everyone send me your cloud pictures. I'll credit you. I'll collect all the pictures. Then I'll have things categorized so that people can easily look through them. Desktop Wallpaper, Banners, greeting cards oh, the possibilities are endless. urlLink /towhom It has been decided I am going to host To Whom It May Concern. Justin, Jeff, and I all have many ideas what we want to do with our happy little buddy blog. Some people think I should stop writing for it. Sometimes I find it hard to know what to post there. i just need more of a focus for my writing. I could at least write about our adventure filled Friday nights of Dashboard and Waffle House. They recently okayed me becoming site editor. I believe in this and I'm not just going to let go of it. I want a new template for Eye Level, complete with banner. I want To Whom to finally have it's own template made. Jeff's been trying to design one. We've all been tossing ideas around for this and for the future of the site. We'd appreciate you're thoughts. /poetry I would like to put some of my poems on a separate page. You know, some of my favorites. I don't think I'll put comments on this, or maybe. Maybe that way people would interpret them. Ooh, scary. Yes, there's more, but it's all incomplete notions that float around my mind. Keep an eye out and see what you see.

 Pop Orchestra The late papers are in and the exams are taken. I got one more final on Wednesday. Somehow I'm still stressed. I ask questions that no one can answer and the ideas I have are disagreed with. Never completely. Not all the time. But, enough. I've been trying to find some cd's that I want. I have to buy one more to fulfill my membership requirements. I wish there was a Christian band that sounded like Ben Folds Five. I like to call them a 'pop orchestra'. Meanwhile I think I may get a Elvis Costello/Burt Bachrach album and a Pete Yorn cd, musicforthemorningafter . Maybe I can start learning piano over the summer.

 In Short I'm scores happier and I can't explain why, not to you anyway. Just feel good for me.

 Gunfight shoot down the devil shoot down the ghosts shoot off their glasses as they make a toast there ain't room in this town for me and you I think you should leave I think I should go too

 Spiritual Attraction Stephanie and others have been surveying guys on campus, What makes a female spiritually attractive? The answers are written into a Palm Pilot. It's interesting to hear what people say. Some people answer so eloquently and right off the top of their head. Too bad, I can't do that. I don't think in short and concise sentences. I think rather complicated. I think in outline form. I told them I'd get back with my answer. A mind that thinks on the things of God, and a heart that is passionately seeking God and loving others are the two biggest things. At a later date I will probably write out my entire idea, but you'll have to wait.

 Metal Mouth I went to the orthodontist Friday. I'm 21 and about to get braces. And yes that makes me feel like a big loser. The doctor annoyed me. It had been established that I'm in college, but he just talked to my mom about all of it. She might be paying the tab today, but I'll pay a good deal of it. After looking in my mouth he gave her his analysis. Doctor: He's got serious problems. He's going to lose a lot of teeth. At this point I thought he was giving me a death sentence. He had left off that important half-sentence, "if he doesn't get this done." When he finally said it I was so relieved my teeth could be saved, that getting braces was no longer a big deal.

 The Futility of Corporate America Friday I noted that K-Mart employees are wearing T-shirts that say, "K-Mart Forever", but I had heard they were going out of business. Does anyone know?

 Top 5 TV Shows 1. The Wonder Years 2. Quantum Leap 3. Boy Meets World 4. All in the Family 5. Early Edition Honorable Mention: Freaks and Geeks I'm working on more tv related lists, including top 5 characters, top 5 underrated characters, top 5 short-lived series, and top 5 series finales. Give me your lists and stay tuned.

 urlLink Google gives me mad hits. Everyday I get a handful of hits from them. Usually the searches are so obscure, like several times I've gotten hits off people looking for "dead pictures of left-eye the singer". I just happen to have had all the search terms close enough on the page. I am generally in the top ten somehow. I have to wonder how many people are out there looking for those pictures? Also, it seems pretty clear to me from the search results, that my site has nothing to do with it. Why then would they still visit? Today I got another interesting hit. The search term: urlLink I am trying to find this guy I made eye contact with The romanticist in me says, "Aww, that's sweet." The realist in me says, "What the heck? Did you really think you'd find him like that?" And if it makes me a jerk for saying that, so be it. So long as you give me hits I guess I don't care how hopeless you seem to be. Next thing I know you'll be searching for 'the guy who called you hopeless". Maybe you should urlLink ask Jeeves .

 Pants The previous post was what I would like to call pants. It was very long. I'm sorry if this annoyed you, well not actually. This post is more like shorts. The irony is that in the last post I bared my soul, but pants cover more. This post is for all of you with short attention spans. In fact just for you I- I'm sorry what was I saying? Oh right, attention span... urlLink Rich and urlLink Jed both unveiled new designs tonight. They're pretty, go see. I've noticed this trend of 'redesigning' has been spreading all over our local blogging community. In fact, Eye Level will be wearing some new clothes as early as tomorrow. Keep an eye out.

 Responsibility, What's That? It's time once again for everyone's favorite part of the show. It's a part of the show I like to call, "Chase is a Screw-Up!". You've read tale after tale of his procrastination woes and his last minute marathons. Oh yes, boys and girls he has done it again. He was supposed to debate on interracial marriage today, but is he even in class? NO! "And why not?", you ask. Well, you see even though he waited until the night before,yet again, he did complete the assigned writing. "Then what's the problem?", you inquire. He doesn't have access to a printer until 12 o'clock. He stayed up all night working on this and only has a disk to show for it. Yes, I was referring to myself in the third person. I can't stand doing it anymore, so I'm sure you're tired of it. Perhaps you wonder why I don't just go and tell my professor what happened. I'm tired of giving excuses. There is no reason I shouldn't have had that done before yesterday. It's not as though I haven't had time. I don't mind going to talk to him, but not until after class. I don't see the need for that awkward and painful moment of me explaining that I'm an idiot to the class. I'm tired of wasting people's time. That's exactly what I've done when I don't take a professor's class seriously. It's like spitting in his face. It's not that I don't care. I'd explain what I mean but most of you have heard it so much just from me, that you could recite it line for line. I review these last 9 semesters and see a disturbing trend. I started out with minimal motivation, but freshmen courses don't require as much. I struggled with two classes along the way, algebra and biology. Any other class that I did poorly in is reflective directly of my lack of effort. As I made it through the first and then the second years of college my dilligence increased. Of course, it had to. Analyzing this third year I see that I've grown ever tired of classes and increasingly unmotivated. More was required of me, less was done, and less was put into that which was done. I'm tired of the cycle. I've gone every semester since Fall '99. I toy with the suggestion of taking a semester off. The downfall of that idea is that I'd have to start paying my student loans off. The only money I have is that loan. The job market is dismal around here, especially since I'm not able to drive at night, or that well during the day. Me, urlLink Justin and urlLink Jed are talking about stuffing envelopes. I've heard positive testimonials from this. If you know anything about this, let me know. But back to my point, all these conditions make me feel trapped into continuing to go to school. Lately, I've been questioning if I really think this is what God wants me to be doing with my life. Is being a minister of education what which He has called me to do? I often feel that when I talk about it, I'm trying to psych myself up. I've read that one should be passionate about their calling, but I'm just not passionate about this. Before I felt like God was directing me to the ministry I wanted to be a film maker. Here lies my passion. Ask anyone, they'll tell you. Some say that God has given me this passion for a reason. Others warn me of letting what I want get in the way of what God has for me. When I first accepted my 'calling' , almost 4 years ago, I was in the mindset that being unsure as I was it would be best to choose the option which is directly a ministry, and not the option that I wanted. This way, I reasoned, there would be no question of motive. This way, if I were wrong, it would be clear that I attempted to make the right God-honoring choice. I see the error in my thinking now. I know God's will isn't mystical. In the words of Chaz, "It's probably right in front of your face. It's probably the thing that makes the most sense." I know what I want to do with my life, but that isn't important really. What does God want to do with my life? Sacrifices are good and fine, but I believe I will be happiest whereever God wants me to be. I could only make rash decisions today. For now I need to continue to be in prayer about this. Being within 18 months of graduating, I would want to finish before dropping out and skipping town. So either way, I think I'm here that long I may as well be content with it. It's no curse, by any means. Being here has been one of the greatest blessings. I'm just a little drained. God will energize me again.

 Get the world off your shoulders... Usually there's a song that feels like the days' anthem. Today this is that song. Everyone needs somebody to read lyrics with. Since I don't have that today, I'll post these. Monkey words by Adam Duritz, music by Counting Crows All dressed up no place to go Hey monkey, when you gonna show your face around me? I know all the wrongs and rights and I just want a little light to fall on me Hey monkey, where you been? This lonely spiral I've been in Hey monkey, when can we begin? Hey monkey, where you been? We'll I'm all messed up that's nothing new Hey monkey, when you open up you blue eyes I don't know if I'm wide awake or dreaming but all I ever need is everything Hey monkey, where you been? This lonely spiral I've been in Hey monkey, when can we begin? Hey monkey, where you been? Just get the world off your shoulders and close your pretty blue eyes Hey monkey, what's life without an occasional surprise? Got no where but home to go Got Ben Folds on my radio right now I'm in trouble for the things I need Hey monkey don't you want to be needed too? Hey monkey, where you been? This lonely spiral I've been in Hey monkey, when can we begin? Hey monkey, where you been?

 Belated Birthday Card urlLink Jeff Watkins' birthday was yesterday and I forgot all about it. This great friend of mine, man of God, poet, indie rocker and beloved seamstress is 22 now. In his free time Jeff enjoys having and sharing opinions, talking on the phone, boycotting lameness, playing the drums, singing and of course, urlLink blogging . Jeff is currently attending urlLink the Baptist College of Florida where he is majoring in Christian Counseling. He will complete his time here next May. Future plans include: becoming a youth pastor, starting his own record label, and running a soda fountain. Ladies and Gentlemen, contest number 12 all the way from Melbourne, Florida give it up for Jeff Watkins! PS: Even if by chance you don't like him, the applause sign still applies to you.

 Wrong and Right I woke up an hour late for class two days this week. My room fits the label 'BIO-HAZARD'. It's steadily gotten worse all summer. I'm sick of the taste of cola. I'm out of everything else, and the water here isn't good. I've been needing to do laundry for a few days, but keep putting it off. I spend too much of the day on the internet. But me and God are on better speaking terms than we have been. I talk to Him much of the time when I walk somewhere. I feel that the more consistently I pray the more honest I am with Him, the more honest I am with myself about my actions. I started writing a belief statement. This will explain my views of the trinity and salvation, among other things. I will also write out my definitions of words such as sovereignty. Well, that's all for tonight,

 Meter Maid I wish everyone let their site meters be public. I understand why people make them private. Still, I like to gaze over other's site meters on occassion. This way I can see if they get any hits from me, and if my readers ever use my links. Maybe you could email me a copy of your reports, or something. Come on work with me here.

 urlLink Blogathon On July 27th I'm blogging for the urlLink Institute for Creation Research . This is like Jump Rope for Heart, but for bloggers. We'll be raising money for the charity of our choice. If you'd like to sponsor me, I'd appreciate it, go urlLink here . You can also urlLink email me . I'll take all the help I can get, and I need at least three sponsors. Thank you and have a nice day.

 Debatable? Thursday James and I are doing a debate on Interracial Marriage in our ethics class. We are both okay with it, but for the purposes of the debate, he is against it. This is one of those grayer areas. My key thought is, "I can't find a biblical justification for racism." I'm trying to predict what scripture he might use and how out of context he will use it. I want this to be a convincing argument both for Christians and non-Christians. What are your thoughts? Do you know of any good resources for such an assignment? I've found and printed out a lot of stuff, but I don't know that I have enough. The computer lab is closing in 18 minutes. What's funny is it's these days I have the most interrupted internet access time, and yet lately I've blogged more on other day's.

 Dope Nose Rivers Cuomo smokes crack, but the resulting lyrics are funny. "For the times that you wanna go and bust rhymes real slow, I'll appear slap you on the face and enjoy the show." And these are my words for you today...

 urlLink Blogathon I want to partake in this, but I'm trying to figure out what charity I can blog for. I have to decide like now, so that I can sign up and get sponsors. I'm asking for suggestions. I need a cause. I need one now. Help me out here.

 All That and A Ball of Wax Yesterday was a pretty good day. I went to sleep the night before with every intention of attending church. I woke in the worst pain I've ever felt. An earache. So I didn't go to church. I went to the doctor. urlLink Jed drove me and my mom met us up there, because the insurance card I have is out of date. I couldn't tell Jed how to get there. After stopping and asking for directions, we made it there. Then we got to wait! That was a lot of fun. While waiting Jed and I joked about how the whole event was just this big stunt, like something from the life of Truman Burbank. I wrote a poem called, Ode to Helen Keller, Rush Limbaugh and Dr. Richards . I made it to the back where I got to wait even more. Yippee! Finally they irrigated my ear. From this came two almost marble-sized rocks of wax. I thought they'd be orange, but no they were black. Immediately, my ear started to feel a little better. I could hear better than i've been able to in a couple months. Some last semester I kept worrying that I might be going deaf, but the problem was this simple. He also said I had an ear infection. He scribbled me a prescription and sent me along. As soon as I took the pain mediicine I was happy. Without mom and Jed I might have died alone. Well, no, not really. I would still be suffering without them.

 Runway I'll make you a paper airplane I'll take you anywhere you want to go I know knowing me can be a pain But I want things for you to coast I want joy to fill your soul I want happiness to ride shotgun I want dirt shovelled into this hole I want our friendship to be fun I'll send you a paper airplane Instead of these arrows I've sent Our friendship's not washed down the drain Let's not wonder where it went

 My Generation What's sad is while other generations have the moon landing or something else, the kind of things most of us remember is where we were when Marilyn Manson performed on the MTV VMA's. I was sitting on the floor in the house I grew up in. Do you remember where you were? What other strange events do you recall?

 For The Birds four and twenty blackbirds baked into a pie I wonder will you still link me, if ever I should die?

 urlLink All Thy Ways Chaz has a blog now, and I read it. Now it is only a blog, but he's got plans to do so much more with it. He's not the kinda guy to make plans for the heck of it. He follows through,something I've yet to master. As discussed before He's reformed, and I don't always agree with him because of that. However, he says a lot I do agree with. You may agree with him more than I do. So check it out.

 Question When does someone have a right to call you on your behavior? Do they have to be someone you call friend? Do they have to know you well? Shouldn't they have the plank removed from their eye first? I'm asking honest questions, not meant to be allegorical. This is only something I ponder on occassion.

 Happiness is a warm turntable... In two nights I acquired three brand new albums. 1.Weezer- Maladroit 2.Ryan Adams- Heartbreaker 3.John Mayer- Room for Squares I have been listening to and enjoying them. I'll be posting lyrics from them soon. Since January I have gotten 21 new cd's, not counting two burnt ones. What's nice is I only paid full price for 6 of them. I got the rest from urlLink Justin , urlLink BMG , and Jed, who gave me some he didn't want. I wonder if I'll like the new Counting Crows album more than my other favorites for the year. I half expect I won't. There's something about the singer-songwriters that I relate best with. I tend to like those who's voices sound worn: Bob and Jakob Dylan, Adam Duritz, Bruce Springsteen, Ryan Adams and others. I love those I call multi-instrumentalists too, especially anyone who plays a Hammond b-3. I like all sorts of music, but most of the time my taste could be categorized somewhere in the realm of folk rock. P.S. I still don't have a turntable, I just figured that sounded cooler than compact disc player.

 Yay! For Archives! Thanks, urlLink Jed! They've been down the whole time since I moved to the domain. Now the archives are up. This site officially has a history. Be sure to browse through them. I think we could all learn a lot from my past.

 Church Boy I had to remind Chaz yesterday why I don't go to church around here. We go to talking and I realized I haven't really been going to church. It's been some time since I faithfully attended a church. What I told him was that I don't go around here because I don't feel comfortable, or like I'm part of things. Hey, church if a lifelong church attendee and Christian feels this way, how then do you suppose a non-believer feels? Most likely, not welcome. I know the necessity for me to be actively participating and fellowshipping in a local body of believers. Up until I left for college three years ago I always did this. Since then I have been in and out of different churches, a few months here, a few there, a few weeks here and so on. Over the past two semesters it's gotten to be of greater regularity that I just don't go. I use the excuse that I don't have transportation, and it isn't always as easy as people make out to get a ride. Usually Chaz walks. He asked if I wanted to go with him. I was like, "Well, I could say I went." I couldn't turn this down, not after our conversation. So I went to church last night. I feel like maybe I'll start going to Damascus again. Either way, I'm going somewhere and I'm going to go there faithfully. I'm too weak without it.

 ....yeah and we're headed to Waffle House...see ya later....

 point of view I sit and stand in different places holding different faces when your gone life from this angle has a lot to show me but what I describe isn't lonely this town's desolation hasn't become me looking back at other times I can look at deeper lines that formed on my face but have left with grace I may just walk my trail the other way around it's not that I'm lost I'm only waiting to be found I may fall flat on my face so the eyes in the back of my head can stare into the eyes of this rained on night.

 This Ain't Right! Justin announced yesterday that he is abandoning ship at urlLink To Whom It May Concern . It's his life. It's his decision, but I don't like it. He's leaving the site in our hands. He obviously doesn't understand that he is the very essence of urlLink To Whom . As Chaz put it, "It's a very Justinian idea. Without Justin it's only an idea." Justin, don't go. Besides where are you going to go? Face it, we're all you got pal! And you are all we got.

 urlLink The Comment Blog Quoting the ridiculous, the random and the redeeming thoughts from comment boxes world-wide. So I had another idea...and now I have another blog. Please, check it out. I'm excited about it.

 Blame Jeff Sunday night urlLink urlLink Jeff made me aware that urlLink Dashboard Confessional had an Unplugged on MTV2. I could have watched it had I known sooner. He didn't think to say anything about it before because no one in this great,great,great town of Graceville has MTV or VH1, much less MTV2. I want my VH1! I wanted to call G'ville God forsaken, but that really isn't true. Anyhow, the show was replaying the next morning at 10. He begged and begged until I finally agreed to record it for him, for both os us. I woke up at 9:30 Monday. Still half-awake, I flipped the television over to the station. The show was already on. It seems Jeff was a victim of time zone confusion. I thought I'd try to tape the remaining half. After finding a tape to use, I couldn't get things set right. I gave in to the powers that be and just watched the show. What I saw, I liked. With the intimacy of the crowd it was just like when we all went to see them live last December (subtract the Zen-Buddhist guy who did some kinda weird windmill dance in front of everybody). My mom questioned me watching MTV. "Everything I've ever seen on it was bad." I don't endorse everything that airs on the network, not most of it actually. Still, it isn't all bad. I've never known her to be against it. This was a new one on me. I didn't know what to say. That was an awkward moment, but things went along fine. I told her this was the band I had gone to see in Tallahassee. I said, "I knew about them before MTV did." That was a very Jeff thing of me to say. What I meant by it was that I liked them awhile before they made it on to the channel. Of course, Jeff is to blame for that.

 Dorothy-esque Yesterday afternoon I was so tired. Too tired, in fact, to clear off my bed. So I took a nap on my pink loveseat. It wasn't the most comfortable, and that induced a dream. I was drowning in my bathtub, but because I was so tired I couldn't pull myself out of the water. And as they say my life flashed before my eyes... I'm glad I dreamed this, but even more glad I woke up.

 Rain Pours Down EXT: Raining Heavily. Man in phone booth making a call. Car parked at curb. So is the basic setup for scenes from three movies, Say Anything , High Fidelity and Good Will Hunting . Say Anything Diane breaks up with Lloyd on a sunny afternoon. Broken hearted, he drives alone for hours and hours. He pulls up to a payphone and calls his sister. He tells her, "I gave her my heart, and she gave me a pen." High Fidelity This movie has numerous scenes of Rob looking like a wet abandoned dog out in the rain. His long-term girlfriend Laura leaves him. That day his mother calls. This scene is reminiscent of the one above, of Lloyd talking to his sister. His mother asks him, "Where did she go?" He replies, "Mom, I don't know, girlfriend go, girlfriend not say where go!" In one scene he gets Laura's new number and address and calls her from outside her apartment. And of course, the rain pours down. Good Will Hunting Will is off with his buddies and he gets them to stop at a phone booth so he can call Skylar. There had been no sort of break up at this point in the movie. At first he hesitates calling and tells his pals that he forgot her number. Morgan questions that, "You come all the way out here in the rain, and you don't have her number?" Of course, he suddenly remembered and dialed her up. Yes, the scene is still the same soakin' one as described twice above. There's one more similarity I'll share with you. Going out for coffee is a big part of each of these, but bigger in the first and last. Good Will Hunting Skylar: Maybe we could go out for coffee sometime? Will: Great, or maybe we could go somewhere and just eat a bunch of caramels. Skylar: What? Will: When you think about it, it's just as arbitrary as drinking coffee. Skylar: [laughs] Okay, sounds good. Say Anything Diane Court: I just can't have any social life right now. Lloyd Dobler: Don't worry about it. We're just having coffee. We'll be anti-social. Diane Court: Be friends? Lloyd Dobler: Yeah. With potential. I think it's self-explanatory how cool all this is.

 Battle of Who Could Care Less by Ben Folds Do you not hear me anymore I know its not your thing to care I know its cool to be so bored But it sucks me in when you're aloof It sucks me in, it sucks it works I guess it's cool to be alone Will you never rest Fighting the battle of who could care less Every day you wake up late Sometimes I wish I was that way And you think Rockford Files is cool But there are some things that you would change If it were up to you So think about your masterpiece Watch the Rockford Files Call to see if Paul can score some weed Will you never rest Fighting the battle of who could care less Unearned unhappiness That's okay, I guess ... I've got this great idea Why don't we pitch it to the Franklin Mint: Fine pewter portraits of General Apathy and Major Boredom Singing whatever and ever amen ... ...Oh well, maybe not - I'll try again This should cheer you up for sure See, I've got your old I.D. And you're all dressed up like the Cure Will you never rest Fighting the battle of who could care less Unearned unhappiness You're my hero I confess *That says a lot. Let me warn you, the album version of this includes the addition of one or two choice words.

 '185 Tall Oscar This is old, but it's new to me. If you never saw this, urlLink go to the link . I've yet to see an Oscar statuette as unique as this one awarded to Good Will Hunting . To anyone who ever dreamed of their name in lights...

 Long Lost Friend So I'm home for Father's day. On the kitchen table I found a notebook that I thought I had lost. My Dad must have found it when he was going through some more stuff. I haven't known where it was since two summers ago. That whole summer I counted down because at the end of it I was transferring to urlLink B.C.F. and moving to Graceville, Florida. I had been anxiously wanting to go there for a few years. Anyway, somehow in the process of moving from my apartment to my parents' house to the dorm the notebook was misplaced. I'm glad we have been reunited. It scares me to think that many pages of my stuff might just be floating around somewhere someone might possibly read it. Especially stuff from those darker ages. Looking through this there is, to my surprise, a few poems I like. Here is one: Magnets climb down to the impound lot connect the wires, the wires are hot this disease is all I got so don't display affection It's okay to not have direction I understand my affliction Yeah, all my candles are lit But I'm biting the bit And the voices in me throw a fit If I were magnetic north Then You would be the same north because however we got opposite force you look and look and hope for a clue how did you know I was talking to You? in a force field of first sight glances and a crowd of us begging for dances you act like your some kinda princess (ok, so I don't entirely get it either)

 No Such Thing as Christian Rock Now that I have your attention, I'd like it if you'd go read urlLink this article . It makes many ludicrous statements such as the one in the title. As I've said before I don't think that God ordained anyone kind of music as right, it's what we do with the music that makes it good or bad. I believe that if a Christian writes lyrics honestly reflecting a search for understanding God and life, et cetera, then it is as Christian as anything Bill Gaither or Charles Wesley could have ever written. I'd like for someone who knows a little more about this to write a reply to this article and send it to the author. I'd like that. Or maybe you disagree. I'm not jumping down your throat, I just don't get it.

 A Number 2 with Coke Sometimes there's no better treat in the world than a Double Cheeseburger combo. urlLink Jeff and I stepped out for an hour and drove to Chipley. He rented a couple movies. I almost did, but $3.79 is too much. Besides, I'll just wait til I go home and let mom pay for it. Yes, I still think like a high schooler, call it business savvy. I don't know many high school kids with money woes. After that we drove over to McDonald's. Me, being the cheapskate that I am pondered getting a cheeseburger and water. Of course, those combos are reasonably priced, so I got me one. I sound like a commercial. Maybe, I am. I began eating this feast and commented to Jeff, "This might be blasphemy but I like this a lot more than Wendy's." Then I said, "There's something about eating in a car that I like". This something makes the food taste that much better, and the meal that much more memorable. Jeff was being reminiscent on the past year. It was little more than a year ago that our friendship started. We've both grown a lot in these past 400 days or so. I felt like I had myself together then. Now I feel like i'm coming apart. The irony of this is that I look at who I was and the way I saw life, and I don't think I could have been very much more foolish than I was. I didn't have anything together. To finish off the meal Jeff and I bought those little apple pie's, 2 for a dollar. Yeah, that made it. And you know, I wouldn't have thought to buy them myself. I'm too cheap for that. This was his suggestion. In the same way, I see that he has added a lot to my life that I wouldn't have asked for, but have appreciated. Thanks for the ride, Jeff. Oh, and when I say ride I mean the experience it's been knowing you. It's been a crazy trip, but we've come a long way. What's this 'WE' business?

 Farm Report It's Friday night. I'm making use of urlLink Chaz's computer and his record player. Awhile back he gave me some Springsteen stuff on vinyl. I haven't had a way to listen to it until tonight. Someday, I'll buy my very own computer and record player. This week went by like nothing. I hardly noticed. I've been meaning to write more. I aim to get going again. Maybe I'll write something of substance for a change. I'll try, but if you've been reading for any length of time, you know not to get your hopes up. Week 5 of the ten week summer semester has drawn to a close, and along with it the second term of classes has ended. Guess what I did? Any of you long-term readers will not be surprised by this either. I had a sermon outline and a paper that were suppposed to be in by today. I was lazy and irresponsible as always, and didn't get my work in. He asked if I had them. I said, "No sir", to which he responded "When can you get them in to me?" We decided next week was good. I feel bad that I'm like this. I'm not going to try to pass off some statement to say that 'm deeply sorry. I am sorry that I'm like this, just not sorry enough to change. That's a lot of what I'm talking about when i say i'm praying for repentance. I'm very thankful that by God's grace I got extra days. I would have failed, but now I can garner a B. Last night I was really aggravated with myself about all of this. I spent time yesterday trying to get these things done, but the problem is, I waited til the day before. That's just not enough time. I don't want to put my name on my work. I regret that I do all of this while bearing the name of Christ. I got to a point where I knew I wasn't going to be able to get anything done, but wouldn't go to sleep. I sat up til three watching movies. I watched Say Anything , High Fidelity and Good Will Hunting . I noticed many very interesting similarities and connections which I will share with you, but that'll be a separate post. Most likely I'll write it next. Well, that's all from me, for now.

 An Honest Prayer Dear God, I bow here before You. Remove everything false from me. Take away the silly grins. May I be humbled. I come to You broken, begging to be broken more. Broken til I know I'm in pieces and that I'll always break when fueled by my own pride. Broken and put back together so there is no denying It is You. I pray Lord that I will stand only on the promises You give. These are the only ones that can be fulfilled. I pray Father that You would be my cornerstone and foundation. Your vision for me is holiness, sanctification is Your plan. Move Your hands through me. Move me. Mold me, I am the clay. I pray for repentance. I pray my quest would be true., that I would find genuine repentance. I'm tired of the day to day struggle of my hypocrisy- the dillusions of wearing two masks. I long for the day to day struggles that come with genuine Christianity, as defined by the life of Christ. I desperately seek after the trials and tribulation that You will use to change me, to make me a more prepared leader and minister. Show me Lord what I need to get rid of. Show me what I need taken from my life. What's coming before You? Convict my heart. Strengthen me to change. Be the center of my attention from which everything else is measured. Be my driving force without which nothing is truly driven. I'm tired of going nowhere. I'm tired of feeling like I've been left behind. I don't see my life modelling Yours. I don't see that happening. Make it so that it is. Show me Lord that which I need to pray for. Show me Lord, how to pray for it. Guide me to spiritual truth and its application. I pray I would learn more on how to pray for and with other people. Show me where I have grown and show me what I need to change now. Make me more submissive. Make me more aware of Your presence. Make me more aware of Your will in my life. Let my claim as truth that which you reveal to me. Let me tell truth to everyone. It frustrates me that other people [seem to] get clearer answers to life questions. I don't know how this Christianity works, but I'm waiting for it. I don't know how You speak to ME. I don't know. I'm praying Lord that You will show me this answer. Why can't You speak to me directly through scripture? What am I missing? I want spiritual growth as You define it for me. I want chastisement. I want responsibility. I want re-enlistment. Affirm unto me my salvation. Affirm unto me my calling. Prepare me for life as You've planned it for me. Give me a hunger and a thirst for scriptures and prayer that I've never had before. Let this be a day that is a beginning. Control my thoughts and feelings. Convict me of my sins so that I will confess and be forgiven. Speak to me as I journey into scriptures more. I love You and I praise Your name. Goodnight---

 Excitement and Disappointment Things that I'm excited about: Lennox Lewis beat Mike Tyson urlLink (the defeat of arrogance) . Counting Crows new album, urlLink Hard Candy is due out July 9th. Ooh, I love the cover art. Bruce Springsteen and The E Street Band will release their urlLink first album together since 1984, on July 30th. It will be called, The Rising . I've decided to start reading John Ortberg's urlLink The Life You've Always Wanted: Spiritual Disciplines for Ordinary People a second time. The first time was for a class, I didn't always do it. I never put the time and thought I should have. I love what I've already read of it. This time I'll try to apply these spritual disciplines to my life. What I am disappointed about: Honestly, I would call it upset. I spent a while trying to write Stephanie an email and when I clicked send all was lost. Sorry, Stephanie. I'll try again later.

 Prolific Today on the last page of my most recent journal I wrote: This has been the 26th notebook Over 3000 pages Hundreds of poems and journal entries Almost consistently since Fall '99 By the time it has been three years I'll average over 9 per year. 9 per year x 50 years = 450 notebooks possible at approximated death. I could start a library, ha. And now I move on to the 27th, here we go. I said I was prolific, which means I churn out a lot of stuff. I did not say any of it was good. But, hey I like it.

 To Tell A Lie I wish I could lie about the look in your eye and it's reflection in mine I wish I could tell myself that it's just the glare and that I couldn't care...less.

 Station Break This weekend marked the ending of a 23 day streak of posting. I left Friday for another family reunion. This is the one I always enjoy. I had thought I'd get someone to post something for me, but failed to plan that one out. I also thought I might get on and put something up before I left, but again I didn't. On the way up to these cabins I wondered if we'd be close enough to town that I could walk to a library. As you can tell, I didn't walk to any library. I'm not sure how far that would have been, but too far for my lazy bones. I did a good deal of contemplating. I've got several topics I want to blog on. Perhaps if I get those up, you'll forgive me for slacking. Darn family always gets in the way of me blog!

 This One's For The Fed Two days ago Jed urlLink tells me he isn't coming back to BCF in the fall. I've been through this sort of thing with friends, like brothers, so often that at first it didn't phase me. He wants to pursue a music ministry. He feels that this is God's will for him. I'm not questioning his judgement, just wish this weren't the case. I'm going to miss having that guy around. A whole lot. I will write more on this later, but the computer lab is closing in 2 minutes. Besides, I can't get my thoughts together.

 I've Been Delivered words by Jakob Dylan music by The Wallflowers I could break free from the wood of a coffin if I need But nothin's hard as Gettin' free from places I've already been I've been waste-deep in the burnin' meadows of my mind In the engine In cold December shootin' fire from the hose Now turn off your lights 'cause I'm not comin' home 'til I'm delivered for the first time I was first-born to a parade that follows in rows down a narrow cold black river faceless shadows movin' slow I would move swift when the sounds of a trumpet would blow I've been the puppet I've been the strings I know the vacant face it brings Now the bells of curfew They may ring before I'm through But soon I'll be delivered for the first time You might keep clean in the back of an angel motorcade It doesn't matter who walks in you know, the joke is still the same You'll just wake up like a disposable lover decomposed I've been gone I've been remembered I've been alive I've been a ghost So now, if downtown explodes I'll still be on this road 'til I'm delivered for the first time I have drawn blood from the neckline when vampires were in fashion You know I'd even learn to cut my throat If I thought I could fit in 'Cause I, I once heard that you gotta learn how to blend in to this mess Where nothin's hard nothin's precious and nothin's smooth or flawless Now, no more amused just screaming to be delivered for the first time Now I'm 10 miles in the deep and mighty blue sea Looking back, towards a long white beach burnin' up into yellow flames And I just wave back like a little boy up on a pony in a show 'cause I can't fix something this complex any more than I can build a rose So just keep on letting go 'cause I must be close to being delivered for the first time Now I'd rather bleed out a long stream from being lonely and feel blessed Well than drown, laying face down in a puddle of respect I was once lost in the corridors of the arena in blindfolds I've been the bull I've been the whip I just pulled down the matador So now, turn on your lights 'cause I'm comin' home I've been delivered for the first time

 Prayer I opted not to go to the first half of class, 8:00-9:50, in exchange for a little more sleep. As I laid back down I scribbled out this prayer. Dear God, I pray because I should and because I want to. I have a privilege and a responsibility in this. Father God I come to You stained by my own sin...the same sins that always get me. I don't know how to ask for repentance. I don't know how to get there. I feel trapped where I am...feet in concrete. I think I've stopped my own heartbeat. I see the sin I am in. I see that things aren't exactly as they should be. I see that I have felt this before. I don't have the strength to change it. I need your strength to rush over me like an undertow. Overpower my desires until You are the only desire I have. Be with me in this day. Pour yourself upon me. Reign in my life...that You might be seen. Amen.

 Treasure Discussions today about Jeremiah in Old Testament spawned these realizations. 1. The two greatest treasures anyone could find are God's mercy and His direction. 2. Running from God's calling is like abandoning the love of your life, or turning down an inheritance. Running from God is embracing misdirection. 3. Jeremiah was called to preach and not be heard. People who claim God's calling on their lives, myself included, expect a successful ministry. We typically meter our success by the world's standards. We count soul's saved and/or discipled, as well as financial wealth. What if God called us to fail? Could we handle that? Knowing that He has called us should be success enough. I didn't say it was easy to accept this, and neither did God. 4. The Baal Prophets were hooting and hollering trying to call down fire from their false god. Elijah, in so many words said to them, Maybe if you do that a little louder you'll wake him up. Maybe your God is asleep. My God is not asleep. None of my works or utterances could wake Him. He can't love me anymore than He already does. I can't get any louder in His ears.

 Future Reflection There were only a few days left in February when I started this site. I ended the month with a poem called, 'March Means More'. The irony is that I made 55 posts in March. I was blogging full steam ahead, anything that came to mind. It was 'Mr. Toad's Wild Ride'. In April as 'Tears' fell I lost my apetite for eating and writing. I didn't have much I wanted to say to you, the general public. Of course, much of what I did turn out was some of my better reflection. In May my eyes dried, the seas were calmed, and my apetite was restored. I devoted myself to consistency. I posted about 32 times. I even went 17 days straight with at least one new post each day. That streak has gone on into this month. Maybe you didn't notice, but the posts got shorter. A good bit of it was something I wrote before or someone else's writing. I haven't waxed introspective in a while. Right now, I am leaving for an appointment with my allergist. Look for my upcoming attempt to be deep. Ha. I should have that up soon, possibly tonight. Until then...

 The Machine I change my answering machine message regularly. Today I changed it to say, "I'm sorry, I just got shot. When I stop bleeding so profusely I'll call you back." Am I demented?

 Being With You Being with you is like The falling horizon as a day goes back inside and the sun closing its eyes after a day of burning bright and deeper blues and stars that come to usher in the night and that goodnight kiss of changing skies as they collide Being with you is like These moments the sun and stars share as they burn together

 Bargain Pete Townshend unwittingly wrote a song that is to the "T" how I feel about Jesus,even though I don't always live it. Please read the lyrics and reflect on what Jesus means to you. I'd gladly lose me to find you I'd gladly give up all I had To find you I'd suffer anything and be glad I'd pay any price just to get you I'd work all my life and I will To win you I'd stand naked, stoned and stabbed I'd call that a bargain The best I ever had The best I ever had I'd gladly lose me to find you I'd gladly give up all I got To catch you I'm gonna run and never stop I'd pay any price just to win you Surrender my good life for bad To find you I'm gonna drown an unsung man I'd call that a bargain The best I ever had The best I ever had I sit looking 'round I look at my face in the mirror I know I'm worth nothing without you And like one and one don't make two One and one make one And I'm looking for that free ride to me I'm looking for you I'd gladly lose me to find you I'd gladly give up all I got To catch you I'm gonna run and never stop I'd pay any price just to win you Surrender my good life for bad To find you I'm gonna drown an unsung man I'd call that a bargain The best I ever had The best I ever had

 What Became a Prayer Excerpts from my journal today I don't want to be wordy just like a Pharisee if I'm not actually saying anything; if I'm only fooling myself to think I'm repenting. I feel as though I have no concept of how to engage in spiritual battles. I feel lost. On urlLink Little Bear's site I read how someone had reminded her to stay in the light, that if she allowed herself to wander into the darkness it would be almost impossible to find her way home. I feel in the darkness. I can see where I've let myself stray. I can see what I've chosen. I can see how I've accepted a shallow faith, how I've taken it to mean mandated prayer and bible study time. I've taken these as the measure of my spiritual health. To a degree it is how hard you are trying. But if I only bail out late in the sin I have failed. I have not tried hard enough. God will always provide an opportunity to escape temptation. If anything is true it is that I weaken myself with each sin. I weaken myself and increase the likelihood of future defeat. I've lived in defeat for too long. I have guilt that weighs down hard on me. It kills me. I'm dying by it all the time. I'm ashamed of myself. I am ashamed of who I've become. I'm a person who wears a face of faith but lives in defiance of that faith. I live as though gravity doesn't pull me down. I act like all I have to do is ask for forgiveness and I'm set. My difficulties in feeling forgiven disprove this. I embrace what I despise. I become what I shun. What is the ill of my brain? I can't forsake the true love of God for this. I can't. But I do. I give it all away. Seasons of pleasure for lifetimes of pain. These lifetimes of pain are my constant confusion,blindness and despair. I have a hope. One that isn't fleeting. One that will not fade. One that is promised to me by Christ my savior. Am I living like I'm hopeless? Yes, I'm living like I don't know how. If I isolate myself from God, as I do in sin, I am isolated from everyone. If I'm not right with myself (and I can't be if I'm not right with God) I can't be right with anyone. I've been shown how to live by the life of Christ. I don't want just to have 'Christian' thoughts. I want to be permeated with Christ-likeness- not simply the acting out of certain spiritual disciplines but the annhilation of spiritually defeating activities. I don't want just to recycle what I've heard at school and church. I want to emulate Christ and live out the lessons He teaches me directly. He's the greatest teacher. What will people learn from my life? Why am I so happily his accuser and murderer? My life looks like a rejection of Him. I'm surprised anyone believes I'm saved. I think most accept it on the grounds that its not they're place to judge, but oh if it were.

 Trampoline Angel My brother got a trampoline for his tenth birthday on Monday. I've gotten into going out and jumping on it. I think I like it more than he does. Tuesday afternoon it had been raining. I went out to find a still semi-wet trampoline. I could jump, just not as well. I was in a wacky mood as I often am. I laid down. I don't know what got into me, but I started moving my arms....as if...as if i were making a trampoline angel. "Oh my," I realized "I think I've invented something. Anyway this afternoon I went back out there. I carried my Bible and notebook. I set them on the edge and laid down. I closed my eyes and started my prayer. In no time at all I was asleep again. I dreamed I was praying. I woke up and spoke a few more words only to fall back out. The memory of it is all a blur really. At some point my dad came out to see if I was alright. Then I sat up and began writing in my notebook. I journal excessively, so I was going to write a little summation of thoughts and concerns before starting the prayer. That ended up being 6 pages long. At the conclusion it dawned on me that this had been a time of prayer. I feel like I was getting somewhere with it. In my next post I am going to share with you some excerpts from those six pages.

 Mysterious Ways God has spoken to me in mysterious ways a couple times this week. The first instance was two days ago I was praying out on the back porch. Most of the time I question my sincerity. It feels right, but I'm rarely sure I can trust myself. I poured my heart out having been upset with myself for staying away a few days. I finished. Not five seconds later my dad stepped outside. He didn't know where I was. Somehow I knew this was God's way of affirming my sincerity and saying that He was there with me. Call me crazy. Then Monday night He 'spoke' again. I had winamp on shuffle as usual. 5 songs with a specific and unique connection played. Each of them addressed something that had been on my mind earlier this summer. The first song appealed to my sentimental nature and took me back. It was this one that brought the subject up. I hadn't been thinking about it at all,recently. The second posed a question. The third reminded me what my attitude needs to be. The fourth was almost verbatim my feelings on the subject. I wondered if this was God okaying my position. The fifth and final at first seemed unrelated, but then I realized it's like my attempted state of mind lately, sheer bliss. Odd as it might be, the song was called Opium. Call it a stretch, but I don't believe in random acts of anything. It happened for a reason. What does God want me to take from that?

 Cocoon I had a plan. I wanted to do a complete redesign without anyone's help. I wasn't going to tell anyone. I was going to let everyone discover it on their own, but then...I published it just to see. I'm not sure why, but I decided to leave it. Already I've accepted more help than I meant to. urlLink Scott helped me get the picture up. I'm not sure I'm going to use the picture at this point. urlLink Rich assisted by the general bouncing off of ideas. Thanks guys. In no way am I against suggestions. I just want to be able to say that I did this. Nothing against urlLink Jed . I've especially appreciated his handiwork. Anyway, the plan of a big unveiling has been tarnished. Since that's the case, I plan to keep at it all day. It'll be fun watching the transformation, like a butterfly. If you're bored hang around and see. Let it be like a mini-blogathon.

 Crappysite.com Hello and Welcome. If it looks like crap, and smells like crap...I'll give you three guesses. I've spent too much time fiddling with this crap, and quite frankly I don't care that it looks the part. I'm going to sleep. I'm not asking for your sympathy. So please don't give it. I don't know what I'm doing and I just made that clear to everyone. I don't care, you came here to read. Get started. I'll be around later to check your work.

 Slump I've picked up on a disturbing trend. I got 11 comments on War on Abbreviations , one on the next post and Zee-ro on the ten posts that followed that. Right now, I am 0 and 10. When a guy gets these kinda figures he has to scratch his head and ponder, like the parent of a bad child. Where did I go wrong? Anyhow, not me. Not this time. There are many levels I could stoop too to get that interaction going, but I will not stoop down to these levels. If you've learned anything about me it should be that I am a guy with principles. So there. Don't comment. See if I care.

 White Cliff Jon You know how Winamp has that magic way of correcting titles and stuff? Today it changed Wyclef Jean to 'White Cliff Jon'. That sounds like a John Wayne Character. Ok, so I have one song by Wyclef. I wouldn't say that makes me a fan. However, it's a performance of Johnny Cash's,Delia's Gone. A cool song, and hearing Wyclef freestyle in the middle of this very country tune is just too good. And yesterday I had winamp on random. It somehow magically played two versions of Brown-Eyed Girl at places 60 and 85. I found this bizarre.

 U2 Log I got your blog of note urlLink right here . Making Mention: I started reading urlLink In Spite of Years of Silence through the link on urlLink Soul Glow . At first she was gone on vacation and Jason wrote in her place. It was called, "The Keep Sarah's Blog Afloat Project." I liked what he wrote and hoped she'd let him stick around when she got back. Little did I know, he has his own site, urlLink Jason's Head . Sarah is responsible for urlLink one of my favorite posts of the summer. They both have nice taste in music and are genuine. One more thing before I go, Seth,(the Dane for all of you alias friendly users) has set up camp at urlLink Nowheresville, US . You know what happens to dead horses, Seth? That's right, they become glue. That or puppy chow. Aww...And I really liked Mr. Ed.

 Lucky Charm everyone says to me I got to change the world maybe I like being discontent everyone says to me I got to get grown up maybe I like my immaturity maybe just maybe I dont want to be your lucky charm maybe I dont mind watching you go blind everyone says to me Im the man for the job maybe Id rather be unemployed you are unimpressed with everything I do with everything I say to you I dont know, Im not so sure how I feel inside this blur let me get caught up in superficial thoughts and deeds get my heart wrapped up in everything that makes it bleed I learned everything I know by watching you you always knew how to blame me Yes, Im guilty that is true everyone says to me I got to get on the ball maybe Im too smart to think of anything but the fall and all the bruises I will wear if I take you up on your dare maybe I dont want to save this world or pick up cans maybe I would rather sleep all day and listen to bands maybe I want to throw my life away tell me whats wrong with that? wasnt that your plan?

 Tulips and Dandelions DW has made a lovely new look for urlLink Amongst Other Things . I regularly read and enjoy what he writes over there. It takes a manly man to put flowers in his layout. Personally, I like the tulips. Check it out. He's also created another site called urlLink Simply Love . This is poems and prayers, amongst other things, heh. It contains his most intimate thoughts on God. It's got dandelions too. I hope you'll go read both of these. Bloggers, If you don't already link him, now would be a good time.

 The Other End (of the Telescope) by Elvis Costello Shall we agree that just this once I'm gonna change my life Until it's just as tiny or important as you like? And in time we won't even recall that we spoke Words that turned out to be as big as smoke As smoke that disappears in the air There's always something that's smoldering somewhere I know it don't make a difference to you But oh! It sure made a difference to me You'll see me off in the distance, I hope At the other end At the other end of the telescope. The promise of indulgence in my confidential voice Approached immortal danger but you'll never know how close Then down the hall I overheard such a heavenly choir They interrupted my evil designs One day you are up in the clouds The next thing you're down with the Sweet Adelines (Chorus) Lie down baby now don't say a word There there baby your vision is blurred Your head is so sore from all of that thinking I don't want to hurt you now But I think you're shrinking You're half-naked ambition and you're half out of your wits Or several tiny fractions that this portrait still omits And it's so hard to pick the receiver up when I call I never noticed you could be so small The answer was under your nose but the question never arose I know it don't make a difference to you But oh! It sure made a difference to me 'Cause late in the evening as I sit here moping With a bamboo needle on a shellac of Chopin And the cast-iron heart that you failed to tear open At the other end At the other end of the telescope.

 500+ Pt. 3 So what? Maybe I'm getting a little carried away. I've only had a two parter once, never a trilogy. Below is some music from my cd collection that I've been listening to and enjoying. Under that I have created a list of cd's I'm looking to purchase soon. Smalltown Poets- Third Verse , in its entirety. Elvis Costello and The Attractions- All This Useless Beauty , I love The Other End(of the telescope). Jars of Clay- The Eleventh Hour , When this first came out I gave it a bad review. I was going through rough times and the album was simply too slow and somber for me. I wanted music to scream to. I'm giving it another chance now. It's worth it. The Waiting- Wonderfully Made , Good stuff, I like it even better after seeing them live last week. All of Counting Crows albums. Weezer- Maladroit Soon to be acquired: The Who- Who's Next Pete Yorn- musicforthemorningafter Whiskeytown- Pneumonia The Elms- Big Surprise After Gracefest last week I ponder getting some Cadet and Tait. In a world of processed music it's difficult to know the sincerity of people sometimes. I wasn't sure of these, but the show helped matters. Tait puts on a good show. He's definetly more real than I gave him credit for.

 500+ Pt.2 I regret publishing that last post prematurely. I don't feel it was a complete thought. Since it's there I'll leave it. You didn't actually think that I was going to list al those songs did you? Well, I'm not. I was going to give some highlights, but I can't condense the list very much. Instead, I've opted to just list ten or so songs I like a lot lately. I'm always up for recommendations. If you think you know a band you think I'd like, I am interested, especially if they are Christian. Ace Troubleshooter-Tonight Ben Folds Five-Tom and Mary Billy Joel-For the Longest Time Camper Van Beethoven-When I Win the Lottery Craig's Brother-Set Free Dawson High-Goodnight Starlight Elvis Costello-Radio,Radio Hazies-Skin and Bones John Mayer-Victoria The Juliana Theory-Something isn't Right Here Marcy Playground-Opium Matthew Sweet-Your Sweet Voice Pete Yorn-Girl Like You Snuzz-The Goodbye Stevie Wonder-I Believe Talking Heads-Psycho Killer The Who-Baba O'Reilly Weezer-I Do Widespread Panic-Driving Song

 500+ I've had two music folders on here for the longest time. One is pre-Kazaa downloads. The other is everything I've gotten from Kazaa. Yesterday I combined the two. In total there are over 500 songs. Yeah, that's cool. Now all I need is a burner and I will be set. Here's my deal with burning. The majority of what I have here is rare stuff that I can't find to buy anywhere. It's bootleg stuff,b-sides,stuff only released in the UK,things no longer in print,and material from scratched projects. Still, I have loads of stuff I could have bought and some that I have bought. What would I do with a burner? I've never been a big advocate of burning entire albums. I've done it, mind you, but its always with the premise that I'll buy it at some point. What I have burned are mix cd's. I would love to master this fine art. DJ Rob Gordon inspired that. I justify burning some things, I think everyone does. For example I'll burn a Beatles album without any qualms. I reason that they've made enough money. Besides two of them are dead. Ultimately this justification falls flat. I think the artist deserves creative control of their music. Of course, sometimes they give it away to the record company. If the artist is filthy stinking rich I think he still has the right to charge ridiculous amounts for his product. He's made something with his blood,sweat and tears. He can be 'greedy' about it and we can't stop him. The onle way we have of stopping him is buy refusing to pay. Most people aren't willing to do that. The people who act like bands and artists should just let us have their music remind me of when I was growing up and kids would be jealous over what siblings had. They would fuss about it, til the parent either took from the one and gave to the other, or bought the same thing for them. My next post will be what this post was going to be. I'm going to list for you just what my music folder contains.

 Re-entry I've been detached far too long. I've been detached. I've been apathetic. I was looking forward to the return of some friends, but felt distant from most people. My plan was to stay as far away as possible, to isolate myself. I felt so separated from almost everyone at school. I didn't think I could get enough space. My plan was to shut my mouth and become a mystery. I didn't want to try and be close with people it felt were so far away. These thoughts weren't entirely irrational. To some extent I am going in a different direction. I don't love the campus life, the inanity, the loudness,and the predictable randomness of it all. But neither is it like me to stay away. There's something about this campus life that draws me in. There's something about it that I do like, something that keeps me coming back. Maybe it's those occassions that I relate to someone. Maybe its when we rise above the prescribed immaturity and relativism that I enjoy the atmosphere the most. I wasn't all that excited about everyone getting back, but something happened. I'm really not sure exactly what happened. It's not that I can't explain it, I just don't remember it. I was sitting there thinking yesterday and I realized how I feel now. It was so strange. Maybe I worked it out in my sleep. Actually, the more I think about it I have an answer. A friend and I resolved some things the night before. I didn't feel as distant from her anymore. I guess maybe all my fear stemmed from what was wrong. What a relief, God worked this out. I'm still a little weary about how things might be. I can't tell you it's all going to be alright, but like I told her,"I'm trying." Before I didn't even want to try. God works wonders.

 Wired Today I got braces. It feels like the next sentence should be, "and tomorrow I start shaving." When they were hooking all the wire up I thought how I resembled both a guitar and a caught fish. When I had to sit and wait I read CS Lewis' Miracles . He footnotes Aristotles' work, Metaphysics almost excessively so I decided I will read that next. Does anyone have a spare copy lying around? I took some meds a little bit ago, so I may be out soon. I just hope I don't dream that my friend, Chris and I are trying to kill each other again. Not that the dream frightens me, it's just exhausting.

 War On Abbreviations Prepare to be offended. This is a note to all of you obsessive abbreviators. You know who you are. People say e-mail is not as personal as regular mail. That's true. I don't think it can be. Who wouldn't prefer getting someone's handwritten thoughts over web text? There are some out there, but only a strange and sordid few. Still, internet communication is most feasible. It's how the world works these days kids. Some say that e-mail and instant messaging can't be personal at all. I beg to differ. I've formed some great friendships with people almost entirely online. I think one can express themselves rather well by these means. True, it is easier for someone to lie about themselves. People do this a lot, and I'm mad at them. Stop! You're no different than the kids who cheat on Monopoly. The nerve of some. I do think you can get to know a person like this, especially if you know them offline first. Internet communication can expand offline relationships. If possible don't let that become the entire basis of a relationship. If you do this, beware the relationship is in danger. Anyway, people make these accusations. To a point they are right, but I ask you, should we just give in and make it all the more impersonal? Is that the new objective? Ooh, let's see how cold and unfeeling we can be. You can call me a crackpot, but it is my belief that abbreviations don't help matters at all. They have their place, as does everything. Abbreviations are used by one of two kind of people. People who are really busy or people who are really lazy. If it's because you are busy you are clear, don't worry about this. You are using abbreviations as they are meant to be used. Please, do not be quick to assume that you are one of the busy ones. Most of you are straight up lazy. That's all there is to it. You sit online for hours and hours on end, just chit-chatting it up. You would abbreviate Hi if you could get away with it. I will live with it. I will tolerate your brb's and your lol's and your gtg's, because I am a tolerant kind of guy. What's worse is when bloggers abbreviate in their post. Remember this, if you see me typing out be right back,et cetera,it's not that I don't know the lingo. Oh, I do. I know all too well. I am going to keep spelling words out...to the bitter end. I will continue this crusade until I develop carpal tunnel syndrome. Call me whatever you like, but I'm taking a stand.

 Notes to Self I need to learn to listen. I need to be more interested in other people than myself. I want people to look forward to seeing me. Talking cannot be my primary outlet. I need to focus on God. I need to talk about Him more than I do now. I am self-absorbed. I use conversation as a means to talk about what's on my mind. I usually redirect everything back to that. I use friends as counselors, almost entirely. Where am I when they need someone to talk to? I'm caught up in me. I don't want this issue to come up again, unresolved. I want all of my friendships to move to more of a spiritual level next semester. I want to be thought of as spiritually-minded. I got to get outside of my established circle of friends. If someone outside of that asks me to go somewhere I should be more than willing. I've been too quick to find excuse. I've closed myself off. No more of that. For someone who tries to be so individualistic I'm pretty clingy. Most men struggle with keeping to themelves and never really letting anyone in. My struggle is just the opposite.

 Not an Exact Science I've been trying to develop some scientific way to determine my favorites as far as music and movies go. Today I made a little progress. I listed, in order, all of Counting Crows songs, album by album. Then with each album I numbered each song according to my mental ranking of them. When I finished I listed all the ones, the two's, and so on. Last, I counted all the points each album got. I plan to do a listening test next, but current standings are: August and Everything After -19, Recovering the Satellites -28, This Desert Life -26 and Hard Candy -38. Lowest being the best. In addition to this I plan to do album by album reviews of several bands that I listen to. Look out.

 Everything Before August everything before August is when I am at my best I give stupidity a rest but after that it's anyone's guess

 Senseless Titles I knew I didn't want to go home this weekend. That was about all I knew. Me and a few of the boys went to urlLink Wendy's . This has been an off and on tradition. People laughed with me and felt sorry for me after reading my shirt, "My hair is this color because I ate paint chips as a child." One girl believed it and said, "God bless you." People these days, humorous creatures. I mixed more warm salty water in the bathroom. We were discussing mid-life crises. I piped up, "No one knows when their mid-life is until their dead." Everyone laughed. I like to make people laugh. Sometimes I'm on a roll, as Justin urlLink told me I was today. I live for these days. We went to Liverpool records after eating. Then Travis told us he has extra tickets for an event in Pensacola called urlLink Gracefest . urlLink The Waiting will play at 8. The tickets are free, courtesy of Travis. I don't think I feel like being outside, or out at all, but there's no way I could turn down this chance to see a band I enjoy so thouroughly. Train leaves the station at 10:30 in the morning. I'm excited. Something to blog about, perhaps even an adventure.

 Pain in the Mouth I'm getting sick and tired of being misunderstood. I can't be more specific. I need to talk it over with a friend. I'm not pointing fingers, but accepting responsibility doesn't make a situation any less annoying. I'm tired of sounding like a grade schooler when we argue. Still, I feel the need to respond as I do. I don't know how right or wrong I am. I just know I'm misunderstood, this keeps happening and that sickens me. Another thing that's bugging me is I have these two sores under my tongue. All I know to do is gargle with warm salty water,but four days have passed. I may cut my tongue out soon. Okay, so it isn't that bad. I do wish I could cut out where its sore though. I hear that would only make it worse.

 This is The Day The day has been good to me. In class today I gave a 50 minute presentation on the socioemotional development in early adulthood. Being the louse that I am, I put this off until 2 days before it was due. Two days is an improvement though, I must say. Acting, I've never had stage fright, however, I am deadly afraid of public speaking. It didn't used to be so bad. I used to give impromptu speeches so well, when they weren't supposed to be impromptu. I was pretty good at it usually getting A's, but I've lost my knack. Which is a good thing because I let the blessing to do that become more of a curse. Now I have to apply myself, sometimes that can be painful. So anyhow, the moment of truth came. I told myself that all I had to do was make it through those 26 note cards, piece of cake. It went pretty well. There was a good amount of class discussion. During this I could look up at people which made up for all my looking down at the cards the rest of the time. At the conclusion everyone applauded. I think they were just being nice. But, sometimes I appreciate being patronized, I'm not being sarcastic. After class I talked to Ms. Gilbert. Then I had four stops to make. First, I carried a bag of books back to the library. Second, I went to see Dr. Cunningham. He told me that he would sponsor whatever decision I make about the urlLink blogathon . He said he was sponsoring me not the event. I have to decide yay or nay by Saturday. Third I got my nerve and walked to Dr. Rathel's office. I wasn't clear which office was his. I stood in the hallway collecting my thoughts. I thought of what I would say. I have 2 questions for him. 1. How I did in the class and if there is any way I can improve that. 2. If he would forgive me for not taking the class seriously. I walked into an open office. It wasn't his, so I asked the man who sat there typing. He directed me which office to go to, but said he thought Dr. Rathel had gone home for the day. I thanked him, looked and he was right. I walked back into this man's office. I knocked on his door again. I said, "Excuse me, I don't believe we've met." He stood up and introduced himself, "I'm Mark Long." What's cool is, he has his Doctorate, but left the Dr. off his name. I said, "So your the new new testament professor?" After he affirmed that by nodding I said, "I'm in your NT 201. It's a retake actually." I wish I had left that last part off. I told him I was looking forward to it and then said I'd see him later. I had forgotten my name so he asked. I think I'm going to like this guy. I think I gave him a good first impression. I don't pull that off very often. Fourth, I went to see Dr. Freeman, my other sponsor. He was gone for the day. Too bad, I was looking forward to talking to him. Back in the dorm Jeff was watching television. I sat with him as I ate out of a bag of stale Sour Cream and Onion chips. This was my lunch. I was revved up. I had One Conversation about 20 or 30 things. I'm sure Jeff wanted me to shut up after awhile, but his patience kept his composure. So many jiblets of thought to be spoken. People often think of me as being like that, but I haven't been much like that in a while. It's nice. The reality that I'm done with summer classes is hitting me now. It's a nice feeling to be through with something. Yeah...

 Any Takers? I went over to urlLink Hollywood Jesus where I read urlLink a review of 13 Conversations about One Thing . The title aroused my curiosity from the first that I heard of it. This review which compares it to the book of Job makes me say,"I gotta go see this." I don't get excited about many movies, but this one...it looks good. Who wants to go with me? I just hope it's in Dothan. Also I found urlLink this book , Hollywood Worldviews: Watching Movies with Wisdom and Discerment . It sounds like what I had the notion of writing. I'll buy this sometime, soon.

 Sad To See You Go I guess it's for the best but, Sara has decided to shut urlLink Foolishness down. I think this is the first time someone I've linked has officially done this.And no, I'm not just sad because this will mean fewer hits, and it will, I'll miss reading it. In less earth shattering news, urlLink Paulo's taking a hiatus and urlLink Esteban has returned from Longboat Key.

 Math Guy Be sure to check out urlLink I Am Frequently Asked Questions a blog by Matt, a 27-year old math teacher who talks about movies and seems to love all things Scottish. And if that weren't enough I'm vouching for him. Yeah, like that means a lot. Link via urlLink Mr. Roth Also take a look at another addition, urlLink Graceless Grace .

 The Absence of Natural Light streetlights and headlights are all that light the world tonight the sky is a big black bowl as dark as my soul as cold as my fright the night feels like death and that can eat a man alive

 Question Can I ask you something personal? I was just wondering how do you feel about SpongeBob SquarePants ?

 Tuesday with Mitch I was writing a review of Novocaine when I got to get online yesterday. I thought it would be my blog for the day, but didn't finish it. If I had thought about it, and I usually do, I would have posted something else. Thus ends my 14 day streak. I have this hope of setting a record for the most consecutive days one person has ever updated a weblog. Call me crazy. If Forrest Gump can trek across country back and forth like that, I can do this. Well, he was fictional, but people have done more. I'm here at urlLink Justin's place . I downloaded an hour's worth of Mitch Hedberg. He's a comedian I've liked since I heard him on Letterman a couple years back. I'll write more later, if you're lucky, but for now I'll leave you with a word from Mitch. "My friend said to me, 'I hear music.' As though there is any other way you can take it in. I was like, 'You are not special, that is how I receive it too.' " UPDATE: urlLink 10/27/'02 Previously, I had mispelled Mitch's last name. I realized this and fixed it. Still, I've noticed scores of you finding this site by searching for the incorrect spelling. In case you don't know, it's spelled with two e's, Hedberg. There's no u in Hedberg. Thank you.

 Frosted Fates Last night after sitting inside all day I rode with my mom to Dothan. We had to get my brother Josh who had spent the night with a cousin. My mom got to talking to my aunt. My uncle walked outside to smoke. I stood there as he sat in his chair and we talked. I kept thinking, hoping even, that mom would hurry up. I was ready to get home, so I could sit inside some more. Uncle Richard and I had a nice time talking. We went through the usual chit-chat, but got deeper into the conversation while waiting. We talked about fate,flukes and faith. I don't know how well I'd say he knows me right now. Either way, it should be improved on. We got somewhere today. After a spell he told me to drag over a chair. I felt bad for looking so anxious to leave. When mom, Josh and I were headed out, he and I both acknowledged it had been good talking like that.

 Hard Candy This is possibly my favorite off the new album, definetly top 3. It's such a good song, such well-written poetry. I plan to give this Counting Crows' release of the same title a review sometime soon. On certain Sundays in November When the weather bothers me I empty drawers of other summer's Where my shadows used to be She is standing by the water As her smile begins to curl In this or any other summer She is something all together different Never just an ordinary girl And in the evenings on Long Island When the colors start to fade She wears a silly yellow hat That someone gave her when she stayed I didn't think that she returned it We left New York in a whirl Time expands and then contracts When you are spinning In the grips of someone Who is not an ordinary girl When you sleep You find your mother in the night But she stays just out of sight So there isn't any sweetness in the dreaming And when you wake the morning covers you with light And it makes you feel alright But it's just the same hard candy You're remembering again You send your lover off to China Then you wait for her to call You put your girl up on a pedestal Then you wait for her to fall I put my summer's back in a letter And I hide it from the world All the regrets you can't forget Are somehow pressed upon a picture In the face of such an ordinary girl When you sleep You find your mother in the night But she fades just out of sight So there isn't any sweetness in the dreaming And when you wake the morning showers you with light And it makes you feel alright But it's just the same hard candy You're remembering again And it's just the same hard candy You're remembering again Go ask her to come around And see me late after dark Don't ask me to come around Then wait to see if there's a spark

 Sincerely Yours Stephanie said to me that from reading the site and emails I've sent her, it seems I am growing a lot. I can see where she reads that out of it, but I don't really think I am. So the question I ask is am I being sincere in what I've written? Have I really learned these lessons? Or do I just recognize the lessons I should be learning even though I'm not? Maybe you don't get this.

 Break Out the Party Hats After three days of not being able to publish and coming back many,many times in hopes this illness had cured itself, I fixed it. Go ahead and tell me I'm a genius. Actually, if you knew what the problem had been you might call me an idiot. I'm just happy it's fixed. I've got several thoughts just waiting to be unleashed into the world like ferocious iguanas. Beware.

 blogger's broke, but technically i posted today so the streak continues

 All the Wrong Places So, Rich and I were talking... dobler 34 : have you heard vanessa carlton? thechristianbird : yup thechristianbird : she's greta thechristianbird : great too dobler 34 : wow dobler 34 : i could be in love thechristianbird : haha, me too dobler 34 : i've started saying that a lot lately dobler 34 : i'm going to risk sounding corny...but i think that half the attraction is that in my current situation, i want to be in love. thechristianbird : I know what you mean thechristianbird : it's a cliche, but it happens a lot nonetheless dobler 34 : also, for over a year i've been singing all the broken hearted ballads i could get my hands on...as lame as it is....she sells me that feeling of love i miss...and i don't feel quite as pathetic while listening to it thechristianbird : hehe dobler 34 : it's like she's singing to me thechristianbird : haha thechristianbird : crazy thechristianbird : And I'm even more weirded out because I just realized, "me too" dobler 34 : weird thechristianbird : lol thechristianbird : I must stay far away This is just like Ms. Potter's Lullaby, oh nevermind.

 Realization I'm far too individualistic. It's like I've tried to orphan myself. I try not to be associated with many groups, especially if that group would take any credit for who I am. I mean, this in all areas, but specifically with family. I have to give credit where credit is due. I've been blessed with a great family. I'm part of that, for better or worse. I need to become an active part.

 In Awe During class today Joe read the book of John. He came to a verse, marked it and showed it to me in confusion. "I don't understand that", he said. I slid it closer to me and read John 15:13, "Greater love has no one than this, that one lay down his life for his friends." I asked, "What's wrong with it?" He replied, "I can't understand a love like that. I wouldn't die for you." At first, I thought he was having a problem with the actual text, but he was in awe. It's beautiful to witness someone fathoming God's word and Christ's love for us like that. When I figured out what Joe meant, I too was in awe. I hope this doesn't pass.

 'Til Then Yesterday, bored and detached, I called Lori. She answered. I said, "I haven't talked to you in awhile (2 weeks)." She said,"I'm in Illinois." She asked how I was. I answered and said,"I should let you go." Didn't mean I wanted to. She said she'd call me in a couple weeks when she gets back. That'll be nice. 'Til then...

 Mind Gargling After a little over 12 hours of sleep, I woke up this morning, I mean afternoon,at 1:16. This from a guy who sleeps four hours a day, usually. Yesterday I got spacers put on my teeth. I wonder if urlLink Pop Tarts are okay to eat? My teeth hurt. Hard Candy is on shelves today. I'm just waiting for a ride to the store now. Maybe I should have stayed home until today. My parents would have been more than glad to run me by urlLink Wal-Mart . Jed asked me why I couldn't just get it from urlLink BMG . I was like, "Because I'd have to wait 6 or 7 months. Some cds I buy right when they come out." I also said that if BMG had it right now, and I could get it in a couple weeks, that I might would go that route. But, you and I both know I don't want to wait that long. I'm using the computer lab. It closes in 5 minutes. I get disappointed when I come in here, log on to urlLink AIM express and no one is on. Of course, lately I don't know how to talk to people when they are. This is my randomness for now. More later...

 Trade-Off Claire, my nine month old niece, was eyeing my cds as I put them back(alphabetical-chronological) in the case. She'd reach out for them. I said to her, "I'll trade you one for your pacifier" and she dropped it out of her mouth like she knew just what I meant. I rode in the back with her, when my dad brought me back this afternoon. She wanted to go to sleep, but was too busy talking to me. I'm getting to know her and she's getting to know me. I don't think I'm ready for this. This,meaning her getting to know me.

 Sheep and Crows 2:57 am. I've done it again. The problem is not being up late. It's having to be up early. These few days out of Graceville have been good. I sound like a kid on the eve of the last day of summer. I don't want to go back to school. I feel like I'm more familiar with life here than I was with dorm life as of Thursday. I don't want to go back to school, but Smith Hall is home to me. Dorothy's words are slowly becoming a mantra for me. I want to go home. Still, I wonder if I should make it one more day. I don't want to be cruel, I mean, I know everyone there misses me. I downloaded 18 songs this weekend, mostly Counting Crows alternates, rarities and covers. One of my favorites was a cover of George Jones' A Good Year for the Roses . I found this book blog, urlLink Addicted to Books , via urlLink Martin Roth . Take my recommendation on this, especially if readings your thing. Through him I found urlLink Book Crossing , a very unique idea and non-blog. Well kids, I'll count sheep if I have to, but I have to get to sleep. See you when I wake up.

 holding open eyes holding open eyes a day pulls my lids down but I hold my eyes open like a father hiding his daughters under wings when it's clear there are other things when it's clear they should be flying when they've got growing up to do his wings only pale in comparison his age, they don't dare mention but if they stay sheltered, there will be no flying for them no flying. lightning goes dim. holding open eyes that pull my world out of my pupils that leave me only seeing stupor and the disasters that destroyed yesterday in my drunk escapades will I always be the fray like your shoelace? will I ever make my way to the kite in the power line? I will never be alive so long as I hold open eyes long passed the sunrise burnout.

 The Art of The Deal It seemed everyone was melting like candles at the flea market today. It was so hot. Sweat poured like wax at a Christmas cantata. Upon our arrival my father and I conversed about the economy of the market. I said, "The house doesn't always win here." You just have to read the 'dealers' well. That's all. My dad gave me advice on bargaining, "You ask what he wants for it. He tells you. You offer less than what you want to spend. Then say nothing. The next one to speak is the loser." I don't think he knows how familiar I am with the art of the deal. I didn't want to rush ahead of him, but had little interest in the miles of tools. This was his toystore. He found a migwelder, valued between $500 and $600 dollars, he paid 20 for it. As we moved along I found my own happy place, a booth selling videos for a dollar each. This was a better deal than urlLink Arby's . I got these 5: Addicted To Love Afflction Apollo 13 A Simple Plan Ready To Wear They were all in good condition, even the boxes. I couldn't bring myself to try and get him lower. It just didn't seem right. And that, my friends, is how I am different from Donald Trump. This guy wasn't in it for money just a compulsion to movie watching. He buys, watches and sells them. Simple as that. He said he keeps one every now and again, mainly to rewatch a scene. He was a movie lover, but definetly no movie buff. I heard him mess up the names of several, The Remembrance of the Day . When I mentioned Fisher King(1991) he hadn't heard of it and explained that he wasn't into most new movies. What a character. A few booths later I got The Cardigans' First Band on the Moon and Tonic's Lemon Parade . They were priced for 3 dollars. I already had my money out and said, "How about 5 ?" She agreed. I walked away with two good albums, unscratched, at prices only urlLink BMG and the 3 for $5 rack at urlLink Wherehouse compare to. Even though I wanted to watch them I asked a lady at another video booth what she'd give me for my prized five. She only offered to buy Affliction , the one I was happiest to have gotten. I told her I'd come back in a week or two. It would have been cool to make a profit same day like that. I never was the biggest fan of Apollo 13 , but I'll give it a second chance. I've seen (and like) the others, except for Ready To Wear . I got this because it stars Tim Robbins and is directed by Robert Altman, someone I've been meaning to check out. I would rather build a collection than make a buck. I manned the heat for another couple hours while my dad perused through miles and miles more of tools. He'd chat with the vendors. It was great. We were headed toward the car a couple times when he'd see something he hadn't seen. I got a little bored with it then realized, "If this entire place were movies I would be just as content." We finally walked to the car. I felt like I was swimming to an island those last twenty feet. All in all, it was a good time shared by me, dad, and several hundred sweaty people. Anything for the deal.

 Past My Bedtime I sit in the same ol' bedroom of mine, 3:39 am. I had some thoughts and there were some events, both of which I feel were blogworthy. My dad and I had a great conversation last night around 5am. I'll explain more later, but it's like I have a new lease on life. I feel more like I know how to be myself than I have in oh say, 16, 17 months. I got my hair trimmed for the first time in 7 months yesterday. I helped trim hedges in the afternoon. I made some girls blush, and that's always fun. I got a record number of hits, 51. I found some new music and discussed the further development of my taste with friends. I read Psalm 37:4 a few times, at Stephanie's suggestion. It was good talking to her too, encouraging. I watched about three hours of VH1, a countdown called "The Top 100 One-Hit Wonders", which I learned a lot from. I saw my grandmother for the first time in a couple weeks. That was nice. She still thought my hair was too long. I want to expound but the family has garage sale/flea market plans tomorrow and I'm already going to be tired enough. Later,

 Six Day Weekend Here I sit in my old bedroom at my parents house, 2:14 am. I should have gone to sleep already. Since I haven't I'm considering skipping class tomorrow and having myself a six day weekend(Tuesday is a library day). What's also great about Tuesday is that Hard Candy will be in stores. Counting Crows have a few urlLink TV appearances set in honor of the release. Speaking of Adam and his lively bunch of Rain Kings, Leila is also a Counting Crows fan. She runs a nice operation, a blog if you will, called urlLink The Rantings of Little Bear . It was an honor to discover she had linked me. I went on to read her site and liked what I read. Actually, my thought was more like, "I think I'm in love." I mean, she's funny, she writes well, she's Christian and she likes Counting Crows, everything I've been looking for. Well, I wouldn't call it love, but I do link her now. Rhesa from urlLink Creative Slips has linked me now as well. She's got Eye Level as site of the week, how awesome is that? Thank you, Rhesa! I like what I read over there too. So she gets a link. I'm just so excited she linked me I don't know what to say. Be sure to read for yourself. Also, I've added a link to Greg Boyd's urlLink Christus Victor Ministries . Dr. Freeman gave me a copy of Boyd's book, God of the Possible . It's good stuff. This screen blinds me, so goodnight.

 My City of Ruins In response to 9/11 Springsteen penned this heartfelt declaration of hope. I think today is a good day to think about what he has written here.This song makes me wonder if perhaps the Boss has found Jesus. Either way this rings true to the Christian's prayer that our nation will fall to it's face and repent. This is a prayer for our fallen brothers and sisters. There is a blood red circle on the cold dark ground and the rain is falling down The church door's thrown open I can hear the organ's song, but the congregation's gone My city of ruins My city of ruins Now the sweet bells of mercy drift through the evening trees, young men on the corner like scattered leaves, the boarded up windows, the empty streets While my brother's down on his knees My city of ruins My city of ruins Come on, rise up! Come on, rise up! Come on, rise up! Come on, rise up! Come on, rise up! Come on, rise up! Now's there's tears on the pillow, darlin' where we slept and you took my heart when you left Without your sweet kiss my soul is lost, my friend Tell me how do I begin again? My city's in ruins My city's in ruins Now with these hands, with these hands, with these hands, I pray lord With these hands, with these hands, I pray for the strength, Lord With these hands, with these hands, I pray for the faith, Lord We pray for your love, Lord We pray for the lost, Lord We pray for this world, Lord We pray for the strength, Lord We pray for the strength, Lord Come on Come on Come on, rise up Come on, rise up Come on, rise up Come on, rise up Come on, rise up Come on, rise up Come on, rise up Come on, rise up Come on, rise up Come on, rise up

 Introduction Tuesday was the first day of this, the fourth term of summer classes. I'm taking Developmental Psychology. Something I always dread is that 'tell us about yourself' time. In my head I try to calculate what I'll say. I think,"How can I make this as quick and painless as possible?" I worry that I won't speak loud enough, that I'll have to clear my throat, that I won't enunciate my words, or that they just won't understand where I'm coming from. The moment came and I answered those key questions of name, place of origin, major and graduation date. Then I said, "When I leave here I will major in film." For the first time I went without saying anything about having felt called to be a minister of education. I'm still not sure what I will do, but I feel strongly that film is my God-given passion. I believe this is where my ministry lies. My thought process is not as clear as I made it out to be. I guess I'm a liar for that. I just wanted to be understood. I have to wonder what people think when I say a thing like that. Do they feel I'm immature, or running from God's calling on my life? Who knows? I shouldn't care so much.

 How Emo Are You? Take this urlLink quiz and find out. To see how much emo I'm not, urlLink click here .

 Solace Several times this summer I have walked the campus, barefoot some. Some nights I go out to the courtyard and pray. I love to pray out loud and with my eyes open. I don't worry about people calling me crazy. No one is around to see anyway. I thank Him for a campus so laid back that I can do that. I sit out there sometimes unsure of my words, but I know I'm communing with the one true God. That's the greatest joy of life. I could be in this courtyard or in the middle of crossfire, but I can always find solace in God.

 December Below is yet another song off of Weezer's latest. It's called December , it is my favorite and has a similar feel to the poem posted before this. Read and enjoy. Only love can ease the pain of a boy caught in the rain Only hope will remember burning flame in December Only love Only love Only faith can bring to life One who falls by the wayside Only trust can inspire Soggy lungs to breathe fire Only love Only love It's only natural The moon is just half full We give our best away We give our best away Only love Only trust can inspire Soggy lungs to breathe fire Only love...

 Love If all the lights were on If all the masks were off If all the ghosts were gone If I could shirk this cough Then I believe We could see and speak Clearly Love

 Houston,We Have A Problem Yeah, so we're having some difficulties with the picture, but the kinks will be worked out soon. Believe me the picture makes it all right. So be patient. Lord knows I'm having to be. Well this astronaut is signing off, Goodnight.

 T Minus Ten At long last I figured out how exactly I wanted the site to look. Now urlLink Jed with his expert advice is helping me to accomplish that vision. I think we'll have it launched tonight sometime. This will be the last urlLink Pirate Core Design , I'll create the next layout on my own. We'll board for take off in just a few short hours. Rinse all that sand off, and say goodbye to the seagulls. Playtime at the beach is over.

 Myth Debunked Car trunks make for comfortable sleeping spaces. Try it, you'll like it.

 Post-Modern Conductors Music reviewers are some of the most under appreciated and unrecognized writers. They have a vast knowledge of a subject. Most of us barely know what we like, much less how to explain it. I understand people that don't care what genre a band's music fits into. Personally, I think we tend to take the categorization too far. However, I want to be able to talk educated about what I like. So I read music reviews, a favorite pasttime. Before I've said that commentaries and other supplements on DVD's are like film school for me. I get a lot of useful head knowledge when a director, et cetera, explain a scene or shot. In the same way music reviews are as useful. I can understand better what it is I like. I can communicate that to others. These reviews serve as a guide to experimentation. I can read who influenced a band, who a band is like, and who they've influenced. ...and... I've always wanted to have a band. I'm forever thinking up band names and writing songs. As of yet, I haven't mastered any instrument, but I'm going to start the piano soon. Inspiration via Ben Folds, but I know I'll never be able to play like that. Then I read these reviews and get discouraged. The kind of music I want to make takes genius. I don't want to just make something people can ignore, or for that something they wish they could. I don't want to make 'crappy pap'. I'm not mathematically minded. These who I like most, these post-modern conductors have pure genius and God-given talent. I don't think I have that, not for this. I'd settle for being a part of their orchestra. Let me sing. Let me write. Let me tell you my wacky ideas. Tell me their no good. That's fine, just let me be a part of that.

 Half-Eaten Dinner I sit here with a half-eaten plate of food I don't mean to be rude but I wish you would move out of the country at least out of the state I sit here with my half-eaten plate I wish I could say this was drug induced or caused by an autumn flu but this sickness is more than the grease of grilled cheese I'm falling apart on me and everyone gathers around to see the puzzle pieces put back in the box it seems everyone enjoys demolition more than construction everyone applauds the breakdown of this sad faced clown it's not the make-up anymore my tears,they run races down everyone's faces everyone openly sobs bitterly but in the guise of contentment they clothe their resentment in plaid patterned dresses of joy but then the night falls and its off with it all their sad disgusted souls refuse to weep they fight sorrow for sleep and it never gets deep on stomachs half-empty

 Dialogue Jay: Chase,someday you're going to make some girl really happy. Me: Yeah, when I get out of her life.

 Freaky Tattoos At 2 am this morning, while getting ready for bed, I realized my bookbag was in Donna's locked car. How convenient? I only really wanted my notebook, who needs those schoolbooks? I had trouble getting to sleep, but while I was in the process my mind ran Olympic marathons. Twice when I came to consciousness I grabbed a pen from atop the mini-fridge beside me and wrote notes on my arm, much like Memento . 1. Remember Taxi -I loved this show. I used to stay up to watch it all the time. Now that it only airs on TV Land, another station this town doesn't get,I have been deprived of that viewing privilege. It deserves a place in my top 5. Sorry, Early Edition you've got to go. 2. We're like sawdust .- It's a concept I plan to incorporate into a poem. It seems we're the wood that is being cut, but rather we are the sawdust that falls to the ground. The sawdust is collected time after time and something great is done with it. The cutting is equivalent to the trials and tribulations of our lives. It may seem our problems are mere splinters, but instead, they are gigantic timbers. When God cuts that away there isn't much left sometimes. 3. Dream:Ms. Piggy and Kermit -I was Kermit. I was chasing the pig around trying to explain something to her. I couldn't talk very clear because my head was clogged up. I woke to find my face smushed into the pillow. My dreams went on to be equally bizarre. For more weird thoughts and dreams check out urlLink Jay's latest post. For abnormal behavior you can always depend on Jay. He's got a new layout by the way.

 Catch, Snag and Tear the way eyes catch and snag and tear and leave me looking for somewhere else to look to stare yes, I still remember how could I forget? those eyes they're still across the table where I sit I can't pretend not to notice not to see the way eyes catch and tear and leave me blinking shrinking into myself

 A Great Line "You say you're lookin' for someone Who will promise never to part, Someone to close his eyes for you, Someone to close his heart, Someone who will die for you an' more, But it ain't me, babe" -Bob Dylan

 Sporadic Thought Guy I was journalling all of this, then I wrote, "I feel like 'Sporadic Thought Guy'(cue theme music)". I get these large plates of food to a)bulk up and b) get my money's worth but I end up having to rake most of it into the garbage because I can't eat anymore. I like to punch walls, and other hard surfaces. I enjoy people's reaction or imagining what their reaction might be. I enjoy the minimal pain that it brings, even when later my fists are sore. I was telling Chaz this and he said I didn't want to break my hand, especially if I ever wanted to play piano, which I do. When telling Donna about this conversation I had the idea for a movie about a pianist/boxer. At some point he'd have to decide between the two. Someone almost told me something, but then didn't. I can't help but wonder what it might be. I almost think I know, but there's no way I'd guess. You know what makes me feel good? Nothing. No seriously, when Jeremy and I are in here and he asks what I'm listening to, then says its good, that makes me feel good. It feels like a complement to my taste in music, especially since its happened a few times. Today, August 27th is a day that will live in infamy...until tomorrow.

 A Jerk's Sincerest Apology sometimes you'd like to stand up and knock my teeth out but you're not mean enough even though I could use it so much I'm sorry I made you so mad that you made those death threats I'm sorry that I called the police and sent you to jail without bail all those weeks I should have understood it was for my own good it wasn't a threat but a promise instead I should have understood I drove you to do all those things that were unlike you you said you wanted to hit me and I know there's no mean bone in your body that let's me know I'm pretty guilty you said you wanted to hurt me and let me break because you'd had all you could take and the hurt in your face was my fault you took it all too well you took it all too well and I'm still taking it like a little boy it should be easier it should be simpler to be filled with joy black eyes fade out in days time maybe bad times fade out as fast your words were harsh but not spoken out of turn your words were harsh but never undeserved as for me and my statements I don't mean I send to you my apologies how on earth could you believe love from me if I make you doubt every other thing?

 Hope I'm tired of looking at the world through my empty eyes I want a burning faith in me like a ball of sunrise It could melt within me this despair I despise

 Lost at Sea words and music by Craig's Brother Floating like driftwood Enslaved by the sea Resolutely refusing to die Without amnesty Hes tossed by the waves Hes all out of flares Nobody saves Nobody cares Dehydrated lips speak words of despair In unanswered prayer Amidst a sea of words He only hears the sound of sea birds Who only whisper of a world beyond the waves And all those points of light The gently winking stars of night Not out of sight but still his eyes are glazed And though his eyes perforate the horizon He still can't find escape from his world He lifts his head in unwanted motion But he can't see himself tonight Just broken starlight And waves Stupid and headstrong She stands on the beach Shes calling his name out But he doesn't hear her voice from where His vessel so small Boats bullied by waves To nowhere at all Dehydrated lips speak words of despair In unanswered prayer Amidst a sea of words He only hears the sound of sea birds Who only whisper of a world beyond the waves And all those points of light The gently winking stars of night Not out of sight but still his eyed are glazed Keep calling his name Keep calling perhaps he'll hear you Keep calling his name Maybe now he's not the one The one whos exiled form the world of you and me The one who can't be reached the one who's lost at sea The one whose social skills have gone to atrophy The one who drifts apart the one who's lost at sea The one whos lost at sea. Floating like driftwood.

 Six Months Old Eye Level is halfway to a birthday, I still cry a lot. I mumble incoherent drivel that people mistake for words. This feels like its been my entire life, but I know I've lived many lives before this one. In other news I'm listening to Dylan's Greatest Hits Volume One for the second time through this afternoon. Like A Rolling Stone is an incredible song. Too bad a band took their name from it. I bet some numbskulls think its the other way around.

 Coming Attraction Jerry Seinfeld is on his way to a theater near you. Justin have you heard about urlLink this ? Link via urlLink Electrin.

 You're Not to Blame I'm still working on this one... you didn't drive him to drinking it's just something that you're thinking so please if only for me don't blame yourself I guess that's easy for me to say but I see you carry all this weight like all the cargo of a freight train you couldn't drive a man to drinking anymore than you could drive the rain there's nothing wrong with crying believe me I understand your pain it hurts me to see the hurt in your face there's not even anything wrong with you wanting to it's just that I'd like you to feel something new

 It's funny how life changes in a year I was eating alone and she asked if she could sit with me. I told her,"Yeah". After getting food she sat down across the table. We covered the small talk topics, "How was your summer?"and "What classes are you taking?". I hadn't seen her since May. The story began two Februarys ago. Our friendship was six weeks old. As the kids often phrase it,I started 'liking' her. I didn't submit this to God. I did later but by that point I was already trapped. There was virtually no basis for my feelings or my thought that something could happen. Nothing more than passing glances; glances,mind you, that I read into but that meant nothing. I waited for the right time to tell her but it was obvious. I was such an idiot. I held onto this virtue of patience and missed out on what God intended our friendship to be. Me and my ideals, they only get me in trouble. Over the summer I anticipated her return. I thought I'd tell her how I felt then. I imagined it to be the start of something. I was such an idiot. In August I finally became submissive and gave it up to God. I prayed for almost two months. By then I was pretty sure nothing would happen, but still felt it necessary we talk. One night in October during what I deemed 'Catch-up Week' I told her. Just as I had suspected, she wanted only friendship. I was over her instantly,long before the conversation could end. I had never felt better. Ok, maybe a few times, but this night ranked at the top. I compared the feeling to the relief of having cancer surgically removed. As friends in this circumstance often do, we agreed for things not to be weird. And they never were. Then yesterday as we sat there together I had a realization. For the first time I saw a friend, instead of my regret. It hurts to think that I missed out on so much friendship because I sought after my will and not God's. Still, I'm thankful that He's been making it all right again. He fixes what is broken, even shattered glass.

 Prayer for Flying Colors Today I went by the registrar's office. No, not because I care so much. I dropped a class. It was an elective at 8 in the morning. That would have been completely unnecessary. Besides I had already missed it both times this week. I picked up Old Testament 102, a class I've taken before scoring a D. That makes two retakes for me this semester. I have a total 18 hours. If I came out clean with A's, even just with the retakes, my GPA would be a whole lot prettier. There's a lot I can get out of my classes. I want to post regularly about what I'm learning. This will motivate me. In other news I went by to sign for my loan check today, something that has topped my to-do list for a couple weeks, only to realize I already had that taken care of.

 Music and Motivation I sit here with 10 minutes til class. I'll leave in about 8. I'm already behind. I'm going to get ahead of things this weekend. As for now I'm headed to class without having read the assignment. I am slightly more motivated than I was Sunday night. I don't want my doing better to be simply a matter of self-discipline, but rather I want it to be God actually changing me. Still, I have my part to play. I just don't want to lie to myself or anyone else and say that I'm pumped about school. I'm not. I pray for motivation. I don't want the same ol' same ol' again. I'm listening to Craig's Brother, the album Lost at Sea . I like it. I borrowed this, Further Seems Forever's The Moon is Down and Cake and Pie , Lisa Loeb's latest, all from urlLink Rich. I know several songs off the first two. I am going to buy them sometime. I ordered four new cd's yesterday. BMG was having a 'buy one get three for free' sale. The Who- Who's Next The Elms- Big Surprise Bob Dylan- Oh Mercy Pete Yorn- Musicforthemorningafter I'll be back around later with more. See ya then.

 Two I Met he plays the piano she sits and listens to him sometimes she sings they're always wondering what the other is thinking they understand each other better than anyone's ever understood them before and it's never a chore to talk or to listen but sometimes language scales thought down she says "if you could just read my mind that'd be just fine with me" and he says "I agree"

 The Umbrellas Me: What do you think of the umbrellas? Jeff: Is that a band? Me: No, they're on the back porch. I often ask what people think about different bands so I understand urlLink Jeff's confusion . However I was in fact talking about actual umbrellas on the back porch of our school's dining area. I wasn't sure what I thought at first, but then I was walking back from class this afternoon and I remembered many meals spent squinting in light of a blazing sun. Besides as weak as my eyes are, a cloudy sky is often too bright for me. I carried on the joke with several people in the cafeteria. I convinced them it was a new hardcore band from Tuscon, Arizona. I advised them to go download some. I said the band was inspired by Captain Geesh and the Shrimp Shack Shooters. Fake titles include: I've Got You Covered, Drought, Slam Dancin' in the Rain, Obnoxious Pale Guy and I Live in the Doghouse.

 Return of the Mack After a near three month hiatus Jay Mudd has decided to make a comeback to blogging. So I present to you the grand re-opening of his site, urlLink Inside the Mind of the Crazy One ...spelling errors and all. In honor of this event I've written Jay a poem. Actually, He threatened to beat me up if I didn't. Please go to his site or he's going to make my life a living nightmare, yes, very much like the 9th grade. Mudd His name is Mudd with skills thicker than blood He macks it up His name is Mudd He's suave and smooth Every girl in the room flocks to him but his name's not Jim His name is Mudd He pimps in his sleep He gives pimp lessons He's never called creep His name is Mudd He'll be your sweet muffin stud like Biff meets Elmer Fudd His name is Mudd

 Picket Lines I hate that new car smell of the first day of school. Everyone is so happy to see everyone else. My theory is that they're pretending. Just one other way that our lives are like The Truman Show . It's not that I mind everyone being all excited, it's just that in a couple of weeks the newness will have worn off. If we could keep this show going, I'd love it. It's not really that all of this annoys me, but that I find all of this to be very surreal. It's even stranger that no one else seems to notice. I was going to eat, but the long lines of people I don't know deterred me. So I came back to my room in hopes things will calm down a bit. I usually make it a point to not stand in long lines, if there's any way around it. This is an odd little fact about me, a quirk if you will, so I thought I'd share it with you. Thinking about it brought to mind this song. Some Fantastic words and music by Barenaked Ladies One day I will build a fountain Drink and never grow old Then I'll market an elixir that will eliminate the common cold Find your sickness on my list Pay up front and make a wish One day I will work with animals All the tests I'm gonna do All my stuff's completely natural And when we're done we'll boil 'em down for glue that we can use to re-adhere your lips to mine if you were here There's a lot I will never do Some fantastic, I know it's true But none as much as my want to be with you I can't stand to wait in line long So I built a new machine It just measures up the distance and then eliminates the folks between One day I'll construct a satellite and I'll name it after you 'Cause you were the greatest friend of all except for when you split my lip in two To see the look upon your face as I launch you into space There's a lot I will never do Some fantastic, I know it's true But none as much as my want to be with you Bye-bye self-respect I haven't had much of it since you left I missed out on the best of you Some day I will find the secret to your social chemistry Then I'll print it on a t-shirt and it'll make you want to be with me If I wear it past your work you'll see other guys are jerks Much like pheromones for flies you will not avoid my eyes There's a lot I will never do Some fantastic, I know it's true But none as much as my want to be with you Bye-bye self-respect I haven't had much of it since you left I missed out on the best of you

 The Eve of Destruction "Eat, Drink and Be Merry for tomorrow you shall have class." Mere days ago I told you I was indifferent about school starting up again. Tonight I tell you I'm dreading it. 14 and a half hours of freedom remain. School wasn't out for summer, not for me. It seems as though it will be in session, forever. I want to do better this time but worry that I won't. I have no motivation. I feel as though I'm walking right into calamity. It's not stress. It's not anxiousness. It's simply the whiny 8th grader inside of me pleaing, "I don't want to go." But go I must. I've been trying to hype myself up. It's not working. I wish I could feel like a college freshmen one more time, ready to take on the world. Instead I'm a senior, burnt out and feeling trapped. Trapped? Oh, I'd take a semester off with no dice about it, but I can't afford to pay my loans off. Those darn loans. It's a trick. My room is a wreck. I'm not going to get all my stuff laid out. Maybe I'll find something to wear tomorrow that isn't too wrinkled. Maybe I'll get it all together. Maybe I won't. Perhaps I'll draw up the energy needed to clear my bed of these twelve new books. Maybe I'll just sleep on top of them.

 "It's not a doll, it's an action figure." For a few years in the early-mid eighties I was all about He-Man. That's probably one of the few times in my life I was into the popular thing. It's excusable, we're talking about He-Man. One year my birthday party had a Masters of the Universe theme. My dad even made me a cake to go along with it. That was supremely cool. I had all the action figures. I think I had the lunch box too. Yesterday a bunch of us were in Dothan when we heard Toys 'R' Us was selling 5 of the figures in a set for 200 bucks. We were there in five seconds. We were back to being easily pleased 5 year olds. Those were the days when I'd smash Hot Wheels up with a hammer. Was I the only one? Ahh, memory lane. They talked about how their parents sold or destroyed their action figures. I wondered what had happened to mine. Mom, what did you do to them? We reminisced on the toys, the cartoon and the movie. The new purple cat, whatever its called, has that gross fake fur, it was much cooler in plastic. I don't think most fans appreciated the movie, but I did. About 45 minutes ago half the guys in the dorm and others assimilated in the dayroom for the re-airing of old episodes. It's very rare aside from a dorm meeting that large groups of guys hang out like that. It's starting now at 6 pm central time. On August 30th a new series starts. These guys are hooting and hollering. It's just one big happy riot. Yeah...

 Service with a Smile The other night I went with some people to Steak n' Shake. I had to sort through some things so I told Donna that I was going to walk down to Burger King. I prayed as I walked. I would have gone right up and ordered something but this one guy was standing there running off at the mouth. I didn't want to get too close. I sat down in an empty booth next to the window. I spilled the concerns of my mind onto pages. Even as he blabbered away, I thought to myself, "I'm at peace." Even though it was momentary that was nice. The talker rambled on about how smart his dog was, how he had trained the dog to kiss people and to pucker up when girls walked by. This guy was about 50-something, and sounded like he was from up north. He could earn the 'Cliff Clavin know-it-all merit badge' with no sweat. He talked a lot about discipline. He said he broke everyday down into one hour increments of study, part of this time he spends studying scripture. The girl at the counter asked, "Are you a preacher or something?" He answered, "No, I just like the Bible." If anything it sounded to me like he'd think salvation was based on works. While he talked I looked around and observed something odd. Twice they handed this guy food but I don't remember hearing him stop talking, or seeing him eat. A father was helping his grade school son study for a history test with index cards. I was going to eat, but I wasn't there for that. I was there as escape. I thought, "Is anyone in here to eat?" The guy at long last sat down. I walked up and asked for a cheeseburger, small fry and water. I spent my last couple dollars on the meal. My receipt said, 9:47. The girl brought me ketchup and I asked her if they did close at 10. Affirmative. The chairs were turned up on the tables. She swept. On his way out the talker stopped her one last time. He said that he had been a cop in New York and asked "You know what my favorite fast food place was even then?" She answered, "Uh,Burger King?" "Yeah...You know why? Because they put friendliness first and making money second." Then he added that McDonald's has it the other way around. I questioned the validity of the statement, but felt it was a nice note for him to end on. A complement of sorts. Because I could sense it wasn't the easiest thing to pull off that friendliness, but she did. She could have nicely said that she needed to get to work. She could have said that just to get home on time, but she didn't. That says something. That's service with a smile. I walked back to the door I came in, to exit now. It was locked. I said, "I'm just causing you all kind of trouble ain't I?" She assured me not. We told one another to have a goodnight. That was a nice moment. I almost felt human.

 Yard Sale you keep me from being gone from putting my life on the lawn and selling everything I own and everything I am you keep me from leaving town from painting the blue sky brown and swimming in torrent to drown everything I am but if I were to go away I bet you'd stay and if I decided to stay something would pull you away sometimes I'm falling apart sometimes I'm caught before I hit I'm caught by you What else could you do? but it keeps me hanging on from putting life on the lawn and selling it all everything I am

 Love Love is not what I've made it out to be Love is not that obsessed Love is not as easy as sticking to my guns sometimes that can mean someone is stubborn Love is not related to jealousy Love is celebrated even when she leaves

 Office Space Last night me and a couple of the guys watched Office Space . I liked it the first and second time around, but this third one put the movie on my list of favorite comedies. I relate to the central character, Peter Gibbons, much like I relate to Cusack's Lloyd Dobler and Rob Gordon. The part is played by Ron Livingston, and my guess is, I'm related. Either way, I know I can relate to this movie very well. I think most people can. I will admit that the movie is a bit more vulgar than I can endorse, but I must add that the creators didn't rely on that to carry the movie. Numerous aspects of it reminded me of High Fidelity . I love the way itmocks so much about the corporate world so well, so accurately. I expect to be writing more on this. The dialogue below encapsulates the role of Peter Gibbons. To be quite honest, It's how I've been feeling the past few months. Peter: I don't like my job and I don't think I'll go anymore. Joanna: You're just not gonna go? Peter: Yeah. Joanna: Won't you get fired? Peter: I don't know. But I really don't like it and, uh, I'm not gonna go. Joanna: So you're gonna quit? Peter: Uh-uh. Not really. I'm just gonna stop going. Joanna: When did you decide all that? Peter: About an hour ago. Joanna: So you're going to get another job? Peter: I don't think I'll like another job. Joanna: Well what are you going to do about money? Bills? Peter: You know I never really liked paying bills, I don't think I'm going to do that either.

 Blur Blur my mistakes my heartaches my bad days let them blur let me praise your name Blur til I can't recall til I forget it all til it don't make me fall let this blur let me praise your name Blur skew my flesh God, refresh my spirit my flesh make me pure let me praise your name

 All I Wanted to Say biting my lip is a new chore of mine I can't say what I'm thinking I can't speak my mind when you are done with me I will be fully equipped with the same blushing smile and no lips I love the way you say I can't help how I feel even though I don't agree I love the look in your eye I'm cheap I'll take sympathy understand my pain as an unwashed stain too deep in the grain to waste the change the change rarely takes place and each day is hard to face you'll be living your brand new life and I'll be stuck in my old one but that's alright

 One Liner Sorry isn't good enough and neither am I somehow I manage broken and tough don't ask me how or why

 Not Another April Contrary to popular belief,hope and/or fear I'm not dead. Sorry to disappoint. I come to you bearing the smile of a guy who now has the internet in his room. Maybe you are thinking, "well, ladee freakin' da", but this is a monumental ocassion for me. Of course, its all thanks to my new roommate, urlLink Jeremy Cook . He's the one with the computer. I've lived alone since November. It looks like we're going to get along pretty good. The past couple days I've found myself hamging out with urlLink Rich a lot. It's good to have him back on campus. Me and him went with a new guy,Jacob,to eat and hang out with Lori. Naturally, Rich and I talk about blogs a lot. Jacob asked, "Is it required to have a blog? It seems everyone here has one. I haven't been to orientation yet." We two bloggers burst into compulsions of laughter. I don't think he understood why. I got 4/7 items on my to do list completed. Now all that's left is that darned incomplete work for a class I took this summer, financial aide forrays, and signing up for the meal plan. Come to think of it there are a couple other things I need to tend to, one of which is a job. My hope is to find a library or bookstore to hire me. Tonight I'm going to give The Fellowship of The Ring a second chance. I forget what I was going to say. Don't you hate that?

 Scene Change taking shape forming into the mold of a new me a new life with new scenery old faces return but with new lessons learned the old bridge has collapsed fallen off the map no need to be burned these attempts not to care and this second-hand despair have churned and churned inside me until it evolved into a problem unsolved but denied I'm starting to think that maybe you were right but this almost epiphany doesn't shed any light...

 The Clock on the Wall pt. 2 On May 15th I wrote 'The Clock on the Wall'. I said, "this summer feels like a hyphen. It's like spring and fall are one word. I can't know what that word is until the second half is written." Toward the end of July that started to not feel true. But now I've returned to those same feelings. I wait in anticipation wondering what the word will be. I await the great unveiling. Things are coming together. My life is being pieced together a little more all the time. Some things that I expected became true, others that I didn't even predict happened. I also said, "The summer is like a movie that I really want to see, but don't feel like watching now. I am all too aware that it is a movie. As the scenes play before me I become part of it. The distinguishing lines of the screen fade. I no longer notice the unending ticking of the clock on the wall." All in all this was true as well, but some parts really dragged on. I continued, "In the fall I will ramble on about the things that summer showed me. I'll share these lessons with anyone who will listen and some who won't." This part I have to admit is not true. While I will say I learned a lot, I don't feel the need to tell most people. I'm not even going to write it here. Openness is something I came to understand more clearly. Keeping to myself is not weakness. It's the inability to open up that is weakness. I've come to understand who I am and who I want to be. Things are looking up. I have a feeling that things are going to run a lot smoother than they've been running. I've been wrong before, but I just have a good clean feeling about the upcoming semester. People ask me if I'm excited about school starting back. I tell them I'm indifferent. It'll be good, but it'll still be school. And that's life.

 Things I almost bought today Books 1. Cash by Johnny Cash-6.99 2. She by Saul Williams-12.95 Movie 1. Tapeheads starring John Cusack and Tim Robbins-8.99 CD's 1. Johnny Cash's Murder-7.99 2. The Who's Who's Next-14.99 3. Whiskeytown's Faithless Street-19.99 4. The Elms' Big Surprise- 14.99 There were others I am forgetting, and this was just one day. I've been like this for a few days. I peruse through a store, pick up an item, ponder,look at it hard, and finally choose not to buy it. It gets depressing at times. However, I did buy The Rising, Springsteen's latest. I like the parts i've given a chance. I haven';t been much for patience. I just want to sing what i already know.

 Memento Sunday was the first time I saw Memento from beginning to end. If for some reason you've avoided this, or put it off, do so no longer. Christopher Nolan also responsible for directing Insomnia and the little known, Following is now officially one of my favorite directors. Insomnia is my other pick from the movies I've seen this Oscar year. Memento is the story of a man who can't make new memories since his wife's murder. His ambition is vengeance, but he has to rely on a system of 'freaky tattoos', notecards, and photographs to replace his memory. It's like backwards amnesia in that he remembers everything before the incident. I found the following quote so good I had to write it down. "My wife deserves vengeance. It doesn't make any difference whether I know about it. Just because there are things I don't remember doesn't make my actions meaningless. The world doesn't just disappear when you close your eyes now does it?"

 Memento Mori From the Memento dvd I saw an interview with Christopher Nolan. He explained where the idea originated. His brother was writing a short story with the basic idea and he told him about it. Chris asked him if he could start writing a screenplay based on the idea. The two stories are distinctly different, but if you enjoyed the movie you should also read Memento Mori . It was also included on the dvd. I also felt compelled to transcribe some of it off the screen and into my notebook. "We're all at the mercy of a limbic system, clouds of electricity drifting through the brain. Every man is broken into twenty-four hour fractions, and then again within those twenty-four hours. It's a daily pantomime, one man yielding control to the next: a backstage crowded with old hacks clamoring for their turn in the spotlight. Every week, every day....The angry man hands the baton over to the sulking man, and in turn to the sex addict, the introvert, the conversationalist. Every man is a mob, a chain gang of idiots...This is the tragedy of life because for a few minutes of every day every man becomes a genius. That's the miserable truth. For a few moments the secrets of the universe are opened to us. Life is a cheap parlor trick...But then, the genius, the savant has to hand over the controls to the next guy down the pike, most likely the guy who just wants to eat potato chips, and insight and brilliance and salvation are all entrusted to a moron or a hedonist or a narcoleptic."

 Road to Perdition We were going to watch Signs Friday night, but it was sold out. Instead we caught Road to Perdtion . I agree with urlLink Justin that this is an Oscar-worthy picture. I believe it might be my favorite Tom Hanks' movie. I wouldn't be too surprised if the lad who played his son were nominated. The father-son relationship is one of the best, most clearly developed that film has had in many years. urlLink Jed didn't agree with the ending but I think it added to the overall quality and message. Both the score and the cinematography were charming. It's an all around nice movie and I recommend you go watch it.

 Lemonade Commercial things are looking up a dog sleeps at my feet beware if you bring misery this evening's calm an ocean of fields is all I see the scarecrow stands guard over my smiling hoards of hopes and good days ahead I will say my prayers and crawl into bed A man of clear conscience nothing weighs on my head

 Deaf Ear I hate when I put on a cd cause I want to listen to it,then notice a few tracks later that I've forgotten to pay attention. Right now, I am listening to Barenaked Ladies' Stunt . I don't blame the music. It's me. I did the same thing earlier with Hard Candy .

 Fairies Now that I've seen the sleep fairy for 9 hours I think I'll go visit the shower fairy. Good morning.

 Age 5 One thing I miss about being a kid is the pajamas. I used to have some with 'the feet' in them. I also had the Superman pajamas,complete with the flowing red cape. My Aunt Barbra lived in this luxurious mansion in St. Pete, Florida. I thought it was a castle because of it's size and the windows were shaped like castle windows. I remember standing atop the spiral staircase looking out on of those windows and then running down in those pajamas as though I actually were Superman.

 If urlLink April was a nightmare then September has been a dream,but still it seems only a vision of what the future holds.

 Breathalizer Listerine Oral Care Strips trip me out. If you aren't familiar they are these hyper-charged mint strips,sorta like Scotch tape, that dissolve on the tongue. When it mixes with saliva its pretty much a shot of Listerine. When I take one and everything mixes like this my first instinct is to spit. It's always been a no-no to drink Listerine. That'll kill. I suppose the chemical breakdown is a little different but still the instinct makes sense right? Reckon there's the same alcohol content? Hmm...

 The Clapper My room is next to the dorm's dayroom. This usually is not a problem,however for the past hour all I've been hearing is this obnoxious clapping echoing through the hall. After hearing enough of it for a life of Saturdays I walked out to investigate. What was the ruckus all about? In the dayroom sat one,yes just one,guy watching a football game on tv. It's perfectly acceptable to clap at an actual game. It's even okay to clap if you watch a televised game with other people, but to clap like this alone is darn near psychotic. It's worse than talking to the characters of a movie. Ok, so I could understand a little clapping, football games can be quite exciting, but not after every single play. He's got one thing right though, He's pulling for Alabama. Of course, that just gives all the fans a bad name. We aren't all crazy. It seems the boys are winning. Roll Tide Roll!

 The Last Time you can shake me for every nickel and dime you can break me from every tear I've cried you can wake me from every dream I've died I've died for the last time. you've got love you've got love you've got trees to soar above you've got plans to fulfill you've got something real you've got the big deal you've got love. you've got love you've got love you've got the peace of a dove you've got only hope in view love is your only clue what you've got is true you've got love and I've got it too. you can sing with me in this attempt to rhyme you can bring me in from the undertow tide you bring me immense joy won't you be my bride? I've died for the last time.

 Typing with My Mouth Full Donna's changed me in a lot of ways. The most recent is that she has turned me into a coffee drinker. My current cup of choice is caramel mocha. I spent the night sleeping soundly here in my room. When I got up I started snacking on peanut butter cups and milk. The back of the bag amuses me: Over 100 years ago, in a delicious moment of inspiration, a St. Louis physician grinds peanuts into peanut butter. Thirty-five years later, botanist George Washington Carver publishes the first recipe for peanut butter-a nutty,gooey,spreadable sensation. The nation's taste buds beg for more! Today, peanut butter lovers rejoice as Sam's Choice Creamy Peanut Butter Cups make history. The scrumptious secret? Our silky-smooth peanut butter filling is "shot" into real milk chocolate as the cups are being formed, trapping the creamy center between thick walls of delicious milk chocolate. It's a sublime marriage of perfectly balanced,perfectly irresistible flavor. Well worth the century-long wait! Now that I've made you hungry I'll call it a night.

 Question Something I've been askng myself is, Is my writing more thought or feeling? What do you think?

 Flirting With Dentistry I had another appointment at the orthodontist this morning. I made an observation. A room full of dental hygenists is collectively one of the most flirtatious bunch of women ever. A guy could walk away feeling either really good about himself or patronized and pathetic or he could just enjoy it for what its worth like I do.

 Claire Claire, my niece, will be one year old October 9th. We'll celebrate with clowns and such next Saturday. I got to see her again today. For the first time, I got to see her walk. She was walking all over the room. My mom was eating Cheerios and she fed her some of them. When only milk remained Claire leaned forward and lapped the milk out of the bowl just like a cat. That was definetly the highlight of the day. I can't believe its been two months since I've written about her.

 I'd like to kiss Ben Franklin on the mouth. ...Or give him a hug. So I came into a hundred dollars yesterday. That's always fun.

 Prophecy God's given me the spiritual gift of faulty prophetic vision. Let me explain. Sometimes I get the feeling that something traumatic is about to happen. This propels me into prayer. These prayers are not of the 'scared and alone' kind, but moreso they are of the 'God is my strength and shield' variety. Then everything turns out fine. It happened again last night. Donna had gone to Steak and Shake with other friends. I had stayed behind to do some things. I told her I'd walk out and talk to her at 2 when she'd get back. At 2 she called from her cell phone. It would be another 20 minutes. At 2:20 I walked out to her parking spot. It had been raining and the wind was howling. There was talk of tornadoes in the area. Funnel clouds had been spotted earlier. She wasn't there. I wondered if there had been a wreck. What was the hold up? I thought about that last phone call. I wondered if that was the last time I'd hear her voice and if there was anything left unsaid. I wondered if I would ever see her or the others again. I wasn't worried sick. All of this wondering while I prayed. I prayed for God to prepare me. I prayed that if anything like this were to happen and she died that how I dealt with the loss would be a testimony of my faith. I knew it would take God preparing me for that. I knew I needed to be more grateful. Finally I saw the headlights. She had arrived. My worry had departed. Still, I didn't feel foolish for thinking something might have happened. People sometimes dismiss such fear upon everything working out,or upon seeing the person arrive safely. The fear isn't exactly irrational. Making it through a day alive proves nothing. Yet again it proves so much. It doesn't prove that the proverbial coast is clear never to be obstructed again. It does prove that God is the giver of life. We need to be more grateful. Life is more than life itself. Life is more than this world of carbon and oxygen. Life is eternal. Eternity is spent either with or without God;forever at peace or at war. Donna's life is a testimony of her faith. If she were to die I have no doubt that she would be in heaven. I hope people say the same of me. She parked the car and got out. The others had already gone. I hugged her and before explaining said,"I don't want to ever take another second for granted."

 My Annie words and music by Craig's Brother Darling I want to make the word "love" new cause it's been said so many times And I don't want to use that old pick up line And oft' I try to find the words to use but none capture the way I feel When I gaze at your smile it seems like I'm out flying a sunset skyline You've stolen my eyes, I stare at what I can't describe. I guess I tried Look in my eyes. It's not hard to realize I'm the one who loves you And though you'll never know my heart, my complete feelings Just know you'll never be alone Words keep cluttering in my mind as I persist in this futility But no vocabulary could ever represent the beauty I see You're everything and more than I could want you to be And in your face what do I see? It's like a rainbow in my mind, like when the daylight starts to die Just like a landscape catching rain or like a snow glazed mountain face Like Charlie Chaplin, like clapping one hand, my love cannot be heard And all those love songs, they come out all wrong cause there's just no such word, my Annie Look in my eyes. It's not hard to realize I'm the one who loves you And though you'll never know my heart, my full emotion Just know you'll never be alone, my Annie

 Like Rain I send my love I send it up like rain to the ground it goes back up I never live up to your name more and more though it's less of the same

 The Anti-Jared Diet With all the books and plans out there on how to lose weight successfully, I've decided to write a book on how to gain weight. The book will be called, How To Gain 200 pounds in 30 Days . It's a dirty job but someone's got to do it. Oh, and I was thinking brownies are like chocolate cornbread. Yum.

 The Enchanting Wizard of Rhythm Walking across the field behind the cafeteria after classes this afternoon I sang to myself as usual. Sissyneck from Beck's Odelay was the song in my throat. I hadn't listen to that particular album for some time. Immediately I knew what I'd be playing once back in the room. Odelay was the first cd that I ever bought. It's an amazing 51 minutes of music, but since I'm no music writer I'll quote someone who is. Odelay fuses the disparate strands of Beck's music folk, country, hip-hop, rock & roll, blues, jazz, easy listening, rap, pop into one dense sonic collage. Songs frequently morph from one genre to another, seemingly unrelated genre bursts of noise give way to country songs with hip-hop beats, easy listening melodies transform into a weird fusion of pop, jazz, and cinematic strings; it's genre-defying music that refuses to see boundaries urlLink .-S.T. Erlewine, All Music Guide When I looked this up I learned that his latest, Sea of Change comes out tomorrow. After reading urlLink this I'm pumped. If, on most albums prior to this, Beck's music was a sonic kaleidoscope each song shifting familiar and forgotten sounds into colorful, unpredictable combinations this discards genre-hopping in favor of focus, and the concentration pays off gloriously, resulting in not just his best album, but one of the greatest late-night, brokenhearted albums in pop urlLink .-Erlewine I'm not sure I'll be getting urlLink Demolition tomorrow as planned afterall. Maybe I've had enough Ryan Adams for now.

 Ha Ha So yeah, urlLink this is funny . It's a good idea too.

 Klondike Bar People are always asking, "What would you do for a Klondike bar?" Nothing. To be quite honest they don't excite me that much. But I have to wonder, Why are people willing to go to these great lengths to get one when anyone could buy a whole big box for less than an hours wages? As great as they might be they are neither diamond nor gold. They are very much attainable. On the other hand, if someone asked what I would do for a milion bucks I could come up with a few answers. If I had a mil I'd buy out Klondike and hike up the prices. Anybody that's willing to embarrass themselves for food deserves to be ripped off. There's a biblical illustration lurking somewhere in here.

 Question What direction do you shave in?

 Punctuality The awkward silence asks questions I'm not prepared to answer The exclamation marks this dreadful lack of sparks and I see the ellipses of the ever growing distance I hope you'll miss us and in parentheses I see how you feel for me but I can't read There's no end of sentence There's never a period of no question marks We've long since pulled to a stop but I still see the sparks.

 Saturday Class "These seasons of destruction can't take the smile God's given you."-Whiskeytown I'm on ten minute break for my Saturday class. With a mere three hours of sleep I'm surprised I didn't sleep straight through it, or during it at least. I'm awake,but in that feeling sick sorta way that we all love so much. I need food. I'd confront the vending machine about this but my pockets are empty. I got a 100 on my quiz today. That makes me feel a little better about the 20 and 30 that I've gotten in previous weeks. I will be observing the Sabbath tomorrow no doubt.

 Drawing lines drawn blood drawn pictures traced your life is a copy of a copy of a copy you've been framed and given a name that was someone else's and all your wealth is inheritance

 Gray giving all I've tried to sell one more venture I have failed dinner's ready I hear the bell This will be my last meal. Oh, the fields they are graveyards dusky and gray I've got a dirty face the scarecrows try to warn me but its not that easy I'm sentenced to death Just as I am freed finally. I fly I fly away never has it been easier to say I'm a-ok I'm not sick or pale just gray.

 Black and White big cloud of death air I can't get the grim reaper out of my hair I got black eyes from the black tears. I feel nostalgic I'm turning gray You won't notice that I fade 'til the motorcade rolls away 'til I'm gone you won't know what you've got or what we've got until its too late only when it can't be had will you look back. every now and then I ask for change but its like my voice is out of range and what you hear just sounds strange my point will only get across when you are at a loss of opportunity of the words to speak of me.

 Discovery How come no one's ever told me about urlLink Relevant Magazine ? I'm glad I know now. If you haven't been, do yourself the favor. The name says it all.

 The Pepsi Man is Loud. It's 8:26. I have a class at nine that I would really really really like to skip. I should be getting ready,but I'd rather be idle at least for the moment. I bought a new cd last night. It's Whiskeytown's most recent release, Pneumonia . This is the band that Ryan Adams fronts. This is the third album of Ryan's music I've acquired this year. The fourth will be in my hands in urlLink 5 more days . I've yet to listen to Pneumonia . I was late when I got back from the store and now the first time I've really had to listen to it, my roommate is asleep. It will have to wait. When I got in early this morning I logged on for awhile and discovered urlLink Mosaic Life . Brandon and Wendy have discontinued their individual blogs and started this one together. If it weren't for them I wouldn't know the word conflation. Laying in my bed this morning adjusting to the concept of a new day, there was this harsh banging coming from the hall. I wondered which pretentious jerk/resident was making this God-awful noise. I walked out into the hall to find the Pepsi man at the vending machine. Does it really require all that racket to load this machine up? Anyway it seemed excusable. Another resident,Nathan, had had the same idea as me. He said he wondered who's butt he was going to have to kick...thinking it was some punk kid. He said,"I can't kick the Pepsi man's butt." I could, its just a little early for it.

 Psalm 68:11 "The Lord gave the word: great was the company of those that published it."(KJV) This is about urlLink Lifeway right? Talk about revelation.

 Happy Birthday Donna! She really would like it if everyone would come up and sing to her. So do me that favor, even if its tomorrow. That's all. Carry on...

 EZ words and music by Pete Yorn Only save, try to find another way, Im taking what I gave to you again. Some new day I could understand your face, you could even hold my hand if you would like to. It came up unexpected, I had to follow through and its hard when you were working like you do. It was easy when you were younger, you can put it back together, it was there if you ever wanted it but you closed the door and said goodbye for good. So this is a mistake, try to find a better way, you were never fond of anything I said. Can we begin again? Save it for another friend, I was happy in my life I wont pretend, every time you were expecting to reach out and forgive this, I was hardened by the look upon your face, it was easy when you were younger, you can put it back together, it was there if you ever wanted it, but you closed the door and said goodbye for good, for good you were easy

 Good Morning I took me a nap. Now I'm ready to take on the world. I had the privilege of talking to Lori by phone tonight. I had every intention to blog about it when she left for Memphis a few weeks ago. There was just so much that I wanted to say the ambition killed me. Anyway, I really miss her. I'm glad we have the telephone but these lines just won't cut it. While we were talking she heard what she thought was either thunder or a jet. I told her it was one of the creatures from Signs running on the roof above her. Then I imitated that noise it made. She asked me to stop because that stuff messes with her head. So five minutes later out of respect I discontinued the pestering, which I might add was quite enjoyable. During our conversation urlLink Jeremy entered the room. I offered him a doughnut. I think this made his day. With glee he took one Krispy Kreme doughnut from the box and left the room. For some reason he brought it back a moment later. He set it on a napkin, looked at me and said, "Don't let the ants get it!" I pledged my devotion. I don't think the dorm's ant infestation is that problematic. Not sure though. Within a minute he returned for it. I had forgotten to watch over the doughnut. Knowing this I leisurely told him, "I didn't let anything near it." I am a man of no integrity. One closing thought, I'm going to grow my sideburns back. I haven't shaved in a few days so the beginnings are there. It seems like a good idea. That would make me feel at least somewhat better about this haircut.

 Goodnight Eating wears me out. What can I say? I go to eat a little while ago and now I can't hold my eyes open. I have to go meet someone in fifteen minutes and then make a call at 9:30. Who wants to bet I'll be incoherent? Falling asleep while on the phone is not very becoming . Maybe if I slap myself in the face a few times I can get the blood going. Don't get excited, I'm not taking volunteers. Put your hands down. Night-night.

 Mistaken Identity Going into Wal-mart this afternoon,a girl on the curb asks me and Donna, "Are ya'll hippies?" Ok, so Donna had on a tie-dye shirt, but besides that we didn't look the part. At least we don't think. Last night a policeman asked Donna if she was Vanessa. We really had to wonder, Who is this Vanessa? Whoever she is, I think she's wanted for questioning.

 Fire Truck The most emotionally inept people seem always to be the ones claiming and acting as though no one can make it a day without them. It's like the pot calling the fire truck black. I never said I could put out a fire on my own, but I don't think the pot can make tea.

 Why? Someone found me by googling for urlLink CS Lewis Opium. Why would anyone be searching for that? I don't get it. Enlighten me.

 Question I think most of us are in agreement that the U.S. is not a christian nation. My question then is, What countries/territories/nations are? Are there any? Call me ignorant, I'm just a guy with a question. Tell me what you know about it.

 Gray Guitar Nine years ago today the music of Counting Crows first hit store shelves with their stirring debut, August and Everything After . Yes, boys and girls it's been nine years since we first met "Mr. Jones". Being that this is one of my personal favorites and one of the best albums you can put your ears to, I could write pages. However, I'll save all of that for the decade party. For now, read urlLink this article , if you like. 16 years to the hall of fame.

 Chris and John I've found that urlLink Dashboard Confessional just isn't the same if I'm happy. It's more work. I have to remember what I used to feel, what I once emoted through those anthems. Meanwhile, at this late hour I'm rather mellow and I find myself enjoying urlLink John Mayer more than I've ever known how to. Still, Chris Carrabba is by far a more superior songwriter. Just my opinion. But the guy I really rock out to these days, and yes I said "rock out", is urlLink Ryan Adams .

 One of Those Days some days love seems possible possible to be breathed to be learned even returned but no not for me. not her. not now. there's just no way she's out of my league I'm lame and often a jerk she's too good for me it would never work the fireworks wait in the box and the matches are in my pocket I'm ready to watch our sky light up look back at me let me believe some days love seems possible possible to be breathed to be learned even returned she lays her head on the back of the chair what I'd give to touch her hair for her to care the others they must see me for once happy extremely I bounce down the hall. ready to fall. not apart but into a heart together with her I'm ready to fall down ten flights I wouldn't feel a thing,'cept alright I want to be laughed at for my clown smile put that on file under new experiences she wears glasses to read she gets into this I can't help but exist and love it hold me back some days love seems possible possible to be breathed to be learned even returned this is one of those days I look you over. over and over again my smile hangs down my chin you make me look silly but I'm much too happy to care today some days love seems possible even inevitable unescapable like I'm tied down to train tracks It's too late for me I'd never go back but friends, I ask you, don't worry about me I'm being buried by the joy this is no near-death experience I've never lived like this never existed This is the first day of my life and I like the world so far

 Quoted I said something, sheerly for laughs. Jeremy asks if its blasphemy. I ask,"Is it quoteworthy?" Go urlLink here and answer.

 Question Do you have a life verse? Share with me please.

 What I Meant When I read about the media fast I was all about it. My primary reason was a disdain for how the news media have marketted the tragedy for money and Nielsen points. Once I had signed up I realized most participating in the fast were not posting the entire day. I wasn't sure what I thought, so I just didn't do anything. Truth is, I probably wouldn't have watched TV anyway, but I believed in the fast. I didn't have a deep conviction against publishing new posts. My thing was this, I knew there would be a lot written and spoken on the subject. I didn't feel my introspection was worth anyone's time. It wasn't that I had nothing to say on the subject, just nothing I felt worthwhile. Someone else would say it. And they did. Not like nothing ever happened, but I'm all about going on with our lives. Posting as usual would have fit in accord with that. Instead, from hesitation and confusion sprung forth inconsistency. The purpose of this writing was to clarify myself. I hope I have done so. Good day to you all.

 Goodnight, Hollywood Boulevard Yesterday felt like this to me words and music by Ryan Adams It's happening baby they're putting up the chairs taking the money and all we can do is pray, pray for tomorrow so close your eyes so close your mouth and do this all in time to the music that screams like a child in the back of your mind in a clown's saloon so goodnight hollywood blvd, goodnight, see you soon goodnight hollywood blvd, see you sometime yeah, right run away, baby back to your lonely house you wanted the honey but you were only just stinging yourself it's hard to watch so I close my eyes and I close my mouth and I do this all in time to the music that dances like fools set on fire flailing their arms in a room full of whores so goodnight hollywood blvd, goodnight, see you soon goodnight hollywood blvd, goodnight, see you sometime see you sometime. yeah, right. yeah, right.

 Qualms with Chapel So, I went to chapel today for the first time all semester. I'm commonly known as a 'chapel skipper'. The main reason I don't go is because of my natural inhibition to rebel when people insist certain behavior is necessary and proper. These people seem to be going because it would look bad if they didn't. Call me a rebel, but that's not the right reason. I went today and this was quite possibly the first time I was truly worshipful. I just closed my eyes and sang my heart out to my Lord and Savior. Then I got to thinking about chapel and why I've been so against it at times. Here are a few reasons. 1. Too often my heart isn't right when I go to chapel. That's my fault. Then when I see everyone joyous and worshipful my first instinct is that it isn't real for most of them; sometimes I have specific people in mind. The devil points my finger and calls them hypocrite. I agree so easily, when in actuality it is me. 2. One can get the feeling that everyone else is close to God. At the present time everyone seems to be in unity. That leaves one feeling left out. I don't like feeling left out. This makes me not like chapel. That's my fault, again. 3. In line with that unity is a tendency for the crowd to 'amen' seemingly anything without a question or pause. The crowd often seems for or against something blindly. Ah yes, fundamentalism. The general consensus seems to be that their conclusion is clearly the only right one. Sometimes those issues are unsettled in my own mind and heart. Again, I feel left out and this time I'm not sure who's fault that is. 4. Another thing that gets to me is when speakers appeal to the emotions. It too regularly seems as though they are more interested in drawing forth ovation and words of approval than worship of God. Also, I had the idea today that maybe its wrong to clap after songs are performed. We can say we're clapping for God all day long, but I don't think most of us think of it that way. Whether I'm right or wrong this happened today and I was distracted. It didn't help me focus any. I'm definetly going to add more later. Until Wednesday, peace out.

 CS Lewis As much as I like him this will be my first CS Lewis quote. Meanwhile, urlLink Jeremy quotes him compulsively at urlLink Triple Seven . Looks like I beat him to this one. (via urlLink Grace-Filled Life ) I was at this time living, like so many Atheists or Antitheists, in a whirl of contradictions. I maintained that God did not exist. I was also very angry with God for not existing. I was equally angry with Him for creating a world. Very nice. The very idea has inspired a new idea for a poem, maybe I'll make it specifically about Lewis, pre-conversion. We shall see.

 Last Day of the Year Disturbed with sensationalism I am observing a urlLink media fast tomorrow. I don't think any of us need reminding. I'm not saying let's ignore or deny it, but let's not act as though we haven't been facing it for these past 365 days. Personally, I will be avoiding any related ceremonies. I'm not being cold-hearted. I can see where some people need it, but I'll be better for not going. I don't say that as an escapist although I am prone to be one at times. If you feel so led gather in groups and pray for America. She needs all the prayer she can get. She isn't the good little girl we've made her out to be. I can't imagine living anywhere else. I recognize the freedoms. I know that I am greatly blessed to be here. I just wish America would thank God, not herself. He took the urlLink words right out of my mouth.

 Love holding on to all Ive got and thats you youre all Ive got to hold on to but love is letting go you are all Ive got but maybe thats just tonight you are all Ive got but it seems that after tonight I could wake to your absence and that would kill me in my present state love is letting go even when I cant know if youll ever look my way again love is letting go even when the goings slow and the tough are sleepy at the wheel holding on to all Ive got loving you far past tonight if only in pictures I cling to it feels surreal you always do oh the webs we weave they tie us down then they make us leave some of us get stuck and the others leave drunk but we all leave holding on to all Ive got and all Ive got is you Im scared to wake from this dream alone in an empty room where all Ive got are pictures of you but love is letting go.

 Adamance I never noticed until today but Adam Ant is like adamant . I wonder if this is the secret behind the name. Was he trying to say something? If not, and if this is somehow his real name, I bet in grade school he caught a lot of flack from frail gifted students who couldn't fit in or tell jokes. Also... I know two people who on instant messager often assume they've misspelled a difficult word. It's humorous that almost everytime they doubt themselves, they were actually right. Do you do this?

 Delilah Works at Master Cuts Today I rode to the mall with Donna where we met my mother. Donna was getting/turning in applications. I caught a ride with her so my mom wouldn't have to drive so far to get me. If you don't already know I don't drive. I was returning home for the weekend and mom wanted to take me to get some new clothes. I got Chik-Fil-A and they watched me eat. urlLink Jeremy Cook was on lunch break so he ate his Manchu Wok at our table. After we were finished eating I tried to persuade Donna to come along and 'help pick out my clothes'. She hates shopping, so that was a no go. I was against the idea of buying new clothes at first, but finally succumbed. It ended up that I was there with my mother as she bought herself clothes. Emotional support. I can understand though, you can't turn away from a good sale. I did find one shirt. Yeah, its nice. It's an odd feeling to be standing in the middle of the women's clothes while your mother is God knows where. I know three year olds can relate. All day long my mother was suggesting I get my hair cut. I insisted, "but mom, everyone else likes it...". I told her of people who had complemented my hair. She was like, "I wish they'd stop saying that. They aren't helping my case." It was up to me, but she is better at persuasion than I am. It's a trick. So there we were at Master Cuts... The girl told us it would be about fifteen minutes. While waiting I scurried down to Wherehouse Music. There I picked up three new cd's for five dollars. I got back in under ten but I had missed my chance. Someone else had taken the chair. So we sat and waited. I was excessively thirsty and ready to listen to the new music. At long last, it was my turn. All I wanted was a little trim. I wanted to maintain as much of the thickness and length as possible. I told her this and she seemed to get it. She said, "You want a no-haircut,haircut" She was onto something, or so I thought. She cut almost two inches off in length and its thinned out now. People don't listen for anything. Then I paid with my credit card and she gave herself a three dollar tip. 3 dollars to mess up my hair. Has she any idea how long it took me to grow that out? What an idiot. This sets me back a few months. I feel defeated and am not sure I'll ever grow it back out. Such a tragic loss. I empathize with Samson more now. By the way, these are the cd's I got: Deep Blue Something- Home Big Wreck- In Loving Memory Of... Big Wreck- The Pleasure and The Greed I learned about Big Wreck in an article that I read at the coffeehouse last night. I found it highly interesting to find them the next day. I've like what I've heard of these three so far. Well, that completes this post.

 Question According to the doctrines of the reformation and/or calvinism is man still depraved after salvation?

 Vague I talk. I'm not sure what I'm saying. I feel. I don't know what these emotions mean. These posts where I am most vague are backed by the greatest weight of heart and mind. The guy I've called best friend since eighth grade is getting married today. Circumstances are tragic. The plans were made last minute and I found out too late. There's no way I could have gotten to Kentucky for it. Little things get in my way. My class at 10. My lack of funds. I was going to be his best man, but even if I could have gotten there it would have been extremely difficult to get a tux. I regret my absence. We swore nothing would get in the way of our friendship. I guess we all grow up. I've been praying for him for a few years now because, you see, he's been a prodigal too. But, I think he's really getting it together this time. I think he's home. He's turned things around. I thank God for that. Let's prepare the fatted calf. This isn't even what was on my mind when I started. I recognize this is supposed to feel bad, but at best effort I can only be mellodramatic. What's on my mind now is me. How I feel and how I regret feeling like this. How I feel trapped between a rock and a hard place or a viscious circle. I want to hug a friend all day in fear that everything will change. I don't want her to become someone I wave to from across a room. I don't want our friendship to ever be past tense. Still, I feel as though I do not have much choice. Feeling better or even differently is a hope easily shattered. This next big thing could hurt even more, while bringing less joy. It's not just feelings. I know this. I don't want it to be that I'm jumping from rock to rock. I'm heading back home for the weekend. Perhaps it will do me good. Maybe I'll come back with a new vigor.

 Excerpts It's not grades. It's not even knowledge. It's submitting this, and all else, to God and glorifying him through those activities. I don't like the analysis people have of me, but the reality is worse, by far. I'm tired of giving only half, half-heartedly half the time. I'm tired of doing that and calling my last ditch efforts trying. I've lied to myself saying I've given my all. God wants excellence and holiness, no less. Instead I live in sin expecting to whisper a quick forgiveness prayer before sleep. I take it all for granted. Is the heart that asks so non-chalantly, 'Forgive me?' sincere? Clearly no. It is in these times that I pray because I know I'm wrong, but that doesn't mean I want to be right. I know better than to think I'll just bounce back. Sin throws punches, even when forgiven we still wear the black eyes, for a time at least. Sometimes we have to lay on the mat for a while.

 Give and Take a list of phrases with the word, take: take my advice take my hand take me out take me up on the offer take-out take in the sights take in a movie take me out to the ballgame take advantage take it for granted take my temperature take me seriously take some medicine take a chill pill take two and call me in the morning take one take five...roll camera.. take a number take out the trash take this job and shove it take a pay cut take the money and run take 'em for all they've got take out a loan take it like a man take on the world take it to the highway take it to the limit take it to the extreme take it all in take it all in stride take the blame take responsibility take me as I am take a minute take in account take a bow take it up a notch take your time take it easy take a breath take a breather take a break take a chance take me home take the next exit Take that, fool! I'm sure I left out a bunch of them. Well, this monitor is buzzing and I've had all I can take. Maybe I should take a vacation or at least a nap.

 Weatherman Blues It's 2:55, the last friend on the ole' instant messenger just signed off. It gets late so early. It seems like just yesterday I was waking up. I've been making habit of these late nights. I should grow up. I should get a hair cut and part it just like a weatherman. I should start tucking my shirts in. Here and now I should stop regurgitating what everyone has told me. My shirts will remain untucked. I may not even comb my hair. This isn't rebellion. This is the way things are. Why do I mumble this blah blah blah? Blame the hour of the day. After 3 now. I'm not tired. Maybe its the mocha I had. Thanks again Donna, and I will pay you back. I was talking to God tonight. He says "Hi". That's urlLink Justin's joke . It's funny. Seriously, I was praying tonight and it was good. It's always a blessed occassion to conversate with Him. I pray out loud as I take walks. Someone muttered something from across the street. I thought for sure they had heard me. I started praying inside my head. There's just one more reason for them to think I'm crazy. And maybe I haven't grown up but at least I'm not out tipping over convenient stores or garage sales, unlike my brother Daryl. That boys a genius let me tell you. You know, Daryl, as upset as I get at you, I still care. I mean we're family. I'm required to. I'll see you on visitor's day. I'm still sorry for ratting you out. Sometimes I forget who I am, so I just make stuff up.

 Wind In Our Hair hold my face in your eyes as I sympathize with these moments so perfect these signals so clear and my predisposition to draw you near to hold you close and when I close my eyes the sunlight pours inside there are intricate flashes of light in these flashes of life I can see mine spent with you I can see my old becoming new hold that gaze just tonight as I draw in the light of these sun on ocean moments and these wind in our hair days.

 Me me with all my complexity I'm really just simplicity with overwritten rules there are many schools of thought on how understanding is bought most feel it would be quite an endeavor if ever they could relate to me but you've got no degree you understand naturally me in all my complexity and yet you look again someone should give you an award.

 I was a rock star. You should have seen me. I used to want to have a band called Labor Day Whites. What I liked about the name was the irony of it. I, even more then, am the kind of person that does things just to throw uptight people off. People and their twisted traditions and their sick superstitions. Bleh! Other band names I thought up that year include, Psychotic Donuts,Thirsty Throatless Man, Salvage, and Heavy Yellow Equipment. Psychotic Donuts was actually a band, for one entire practice and many times before and after of talking about it. I made up a logo, the letters were composed of donuts and one coffee cup. I put that logo on a lot of things including a t-shirt I wore to school one Friday. Jamie was a skilled guitarist. I think he assumed I could actually play the drums when I told him I had a drumset. I think he was disappointed. Lord knows, I was. Jamie was a guy I looked up to. He was two years older and cool. This could have been my ticket. I can always say we had that practice. Sure, it was short-lived, but no one can take the experience from me.

 Grace for The Prodigal Seven Advil are scattered on the deskspace in front of me. I think of how were it not for grace I'd have a headache. It's not that I don't deserve one. I don't eat right. I don't get enough sleep. I don't even keep up with all my medicine. I should expect a headache. I've only set myself up for that. Instead, I think backwards, I get upset when my head hurts. To be more grateful, that is my prayer. Recently I was talking to a friend. We talked about the mistakes of our past and how without God's grace we'd have even more to regret. This friend felt so undeserving as to want to give up all that God had given. God enabled me to comfort my friend with His love, with His truth. I said, "That's what grace is. It's a gift. To some degree we decide what we do with it, but its a gift." This conversation reminded me of something: I believe in grace. There hasn't been a time that I would have told you differently, but too often we don't live as we believe; we don't believe as we live. It was a very beautiful moment between me, my friend and our Savior. So August wasn't such a great month. I didn't go to a single church service. I've been a prodigal. At the close of this conversation I told this friend that it felt like I was about to make contact with God (or the other way around). After praying tonight, out by the lake, I really believe that I'm reuniting with the Father.

 Top 5 Instruments 1. Piano 2. Guitar 3. Wurlitzer 4. B-3 Organ 5. Harmonica

 Win/Loss I lost my brain but I found my heart I lost my brain but it's just the start of everything going right

 First Day of the Rest of My Life Yes,I'm aware of the errors. No, I'm not fooling with it now. It's late and I've been tinkering around too long. I've never felt freer. I just lived the greatest moment of my life. What's the story? Ah, wouldn't you like to know? I'm amped. No, I won't say why. So August was a good month. I'll stop and reflect on it later. I feel profound. Maybe it will pass. Maybe not. I am now resigning to my bed where I will spell out the hallelujah's of my brain. Goodnight with love. Song: Friday I'm in Love Band: The Cure

 Down with the Pope For the record I'm cool with celebrating both Halloween and Reformation Day. I may not be reformed but I'm a fan of the reformation. I'm not of the tulipsian persuasion but I recognize that this is a day we should be very thankful for. We'd all still be stuck in that crazy glass bubble if Martin Luther hadn't found his hammer. Getting to the point... It was quite an enjoyable day. urlLink Rich came by at eleven and asked me if I'd have lunch with him. That was really nice of him. It was a good start to the day for I was only then getting out of the bed. At lunch we marvelled at his Martin Luther Bobble Head doll compliments of Jessica. Rich got tons of people to pose with Marty. One guy was afraid to touch Marty and ran from the cafeteria screaming. Others, held him tightly and proclaimed the doll their very own idol. A good time was had by all. Oh, and as if that weren't enough I got to go to classes afterward. After classes I went to the doctor. The lady that took my blood was costumed as dracula. That was fun. So was the shot. Then I went to the mall. At urlLink Wherehouse I discovered the grand return of the three for five dollar section. It's back and better than ever. It had been gone for a month. I thought it was gone for good. I'm happy its not. I love collecting music. One last thing... Happy 2 year blog-iversary to urlLink Dead Yet Living . Not sure when the exact date on that was just know its sometime in October. Later.

 Closing October I've prided myself on remembering some dates as they relate to my life. My sister,brother-in-law and their daughter all celebrate their birthdays in October, all 9 days apart. If they have another child and it is (by chance) not born in the same month I predict that child will feel left out. Just a thought. October 25th has special meaning to me. Two years in a row on that date I learned that a girl who I had gained to liking only wanted friendship from me. This is one date that lives in infamy for me. In memorializing this date I overlooked a major point: It is also my parent's anniversary. I forgot this year. Sorry Mom and Dad. I'm glad my parents got married. I think it's working out pretty well so far, 29 years and running.

 Trendy to Hate Once upon a time in a small village it became trendy to hate someone,one person in particular. It seemed everyone was doing it,even those who had formerly been nice. The fact that everyone was doing it seemed justification enough. Besides, the subject of this hatred was so horrible,draining and problematic that everyone had every right to act in spite. That's what they thought. Contrary to this popular opinion there is no justification for being downright mean. Whatever happened to loving your enemies? Whatever happened to love in general? Have we not forgotten how truly unloveable we are and that Christ loves us regardless? Should we 'love' so selfishly? The world is to know us by how we love one another. Something's got to give. I pray we all don't live hatefully ever after.

 Takes Me Back Once I had a realization about music. It alters one's memory. The replaying of music which was heavily played in seasons gone by can induce one into a trance-like state of recollection. Simply put, it takes one back to another time. The music has then become theme music which draws forth all the splendor and sentiment, even if the times weren't so grand. It's like the music has claws and it drags one down memory lane. You couldn't escape it. You wouldn't want to. This is magnificent. So I've decided to do a series based on this thought. I will do this on an album by album basis, as I get around to it. I'll listen,let the music soak into me and write as it pours from me. The first subject will be Weezer's Maladroit . Stay tuned as I get nostalgic.

 Yakkity Yaccs It seems I blog so much that instead of comments staying up for three months before being archived (as urlLink Yaccs said they would) it doesn't go back even a month. Starting the 6th and back everything is archived. They say if I'll donate 2 bucks they can keep my comments up forever and always. I think I'll be making that donation soon.

 Question How often do you floss?

 Ambiguity Song by Camper Van Beethoven Everything seems to be up in the air at this time Everything seems to be up in the air at this time One day soon, it'll all settle down but everything seems to be up in the air at this time All across the nation, people are gettin' together From many ideas they form a single goal Some people are gonna benefit And others gotta sacrifice But everything seems to be up in the air at this time I got some certain special feelings for you I got some certain special feelings for you I don't know if they're good or bad But I just might give you a call Everything seems to be up in the air at this time

 Oral B-Ware Get this, While brushing my teeth a bristle broke from the brush and is now tangled around one of my braces. I've tried my hardest and I can't get it out. This is quite the aggravation.

 Memories of Plastic My next class starts at 12:30...oh wait,oops. It's 12:40 and I'm not going to class, but hey I did go to chapel. So it balances out right? Yeah, yeah...I know, I know. I remember when they first came out with plastic jars for peanut butter. That was a great day. The commercials showed how durable the plastic was by showing the jar bounce nicely after hitting the floor. So I tested it myself. I just stood there throwing it on the kitchen floor to watch it bounce, amazed still that it didn't shatter. Memories...

 Congratulations sir, it's a palindrome.

 Level Eye Weird. I just recognized a couple things about the site name. First, it's composed of only 4 letters. Second, both words are the same spelled backwards. What's it called when that happens? Now, I like the name all the more. I don't think I'll ever change.

 Mitch Hedberg Twice before I've posted a joke from Mitch Hedberg ( urlLink Exhibit A , urlLink Exhibit B ). At least twice daily, I get a urlLink hit from someone looking him up. Last week I realized that in one of the post I mispelled his name, placing a 'u' where the second 'e' should be. I went back and corrected that, but then realized that it's the incorrect spelling people are finding me by. This presents a moral dilemma. Integrity: The man deserves to have his name spelled correctly. It's only proper to fix it. Complete Lack Thereof...: But if those people are looking for Mitch Hedburg that's what I'll give 'em. Besides, I'd hate to miss out on this wealth of hits. Beautiful Compromise: Correct the spelling, but add into the post an explanation that H-e-d-b-u-r-g is not the way its spelled. This way they learn how to spell, his name and honor are defended and I still get in on those crazy hits. Everyone wins. This is the best compromise ever. Appropriate Joke : "My girlfriend's name is Lynn, but my old girlfriend's name is Lyn too, except she only spells it with one 'n'. Every now and then I mess up and call my new girlfriend by my old girlfriend's name and she can tell cause I don't go,'nnn' as long." urlLink Official Site

 Parts of a Well-Balanced Breakfast Orange Juice Bread Raisin Bran Audio Adrenaline's Lift Prayer yawns and blogging

 Goin' Old School Hi Kids! Fooling around with the ol' blog here I decided to revert back to the template I started out with. The background isn't working right. I never had a problem with it before. Maybe I'll leave this here until I can create some excuse for a design on my own, something I can be pleased with. Tonight I downloaded HTML Editor. Here's to that extra hour. Night...

 Kangaroo Poison I think that at some point in the day while I wasn't paying attention a baby kangaroo crawled into my ear and has been kicking me in the forehead all night. I can't even pray straight. Hopefully, I'm on the way to recovery. Thank you Stephanie for the urlLink Aleve .

 Foolhardy Me No one understands the depths of my irresponsibility. No one. Some come close, but most just say "Don't Worry,trust in God. Rest in Him." I've been resting for too long.

 The Truth Doesn't Hurt The truth only hurts because there are lies. We are born into this lie. We live(die) in this lie. This lie is that we are self-sufficient. This lie is that it doesn't get any better. This lie is that we ought to just accept things like they are and get used to it. This lie is that this way is more desirable than His Way. We are born into this lie. Sanctification for the Christian is the process by which God removes us from that bubble and places us in the light of His truth. This is never painless because even knowing the truth we are still melded to this world (literally: attached) and we cling to it. Sanctification is the process of God,little by little,snipping us from this stillborn womb. Through sanctification we meld to His truth and cling to Him more and more. The truth is God is the great physician. He delivers the stillborn into new life. The truth doesn't really hurt. The lies hurt and they hurt real bad. The truth delivers us from pain, but this deliverance is an ongoing event. This life on earth is that womb. Little by little we get closer to The Truth. Little by little the pain in our hearts is replaced with love,hope,joy,faith and freedom. Don't believe the lies, the truth doesn't hurt.

 Nice It's nice when someone you figured didn't know you existed greets you by name. It's even nicer when that someone seems happy about your existence.

 Another Night at the Palace I'm here at the palace which is the home of one Justin McLeod urlLink . This is me hanging out. I never let the blog go. Actually, he and Jed are playing a video game that I've got no interest in. I have to be careful and not talk at the wrong times because they're listening to intense dialogue. Still, its good to be here and a lot of zany stuff is said when they stop to breath, and sometimes when they get blown to bits. That's a comforting sound. Nothing in the world beats the uproarious laughter that we are prone to break out in. Maybe Jeff will come over later. He's been on a trip to Pensacola since 12. He's learning how to be a chaplain at this convalescent home. Jeff is growing up. Maybe that doesn't necessarily mean he doesn't have time to hang out. The class is supposed to return at 8. Maybe he'll make his way over afterwards. This mouse is getting on my last nerve.

 They Got Me Too! About a week ago I was talking to urlLink Rich about urlLink NaNoWrimo . I had been thinking about maybe doing it since I learned of it on urlLink Good Dog,Bad Dog . Rich just announced that he's gonna play. He said that we need to get together and discuss ideas. That'll be fun. NaNoWrimo means National Novel Writing Month. I'll put these ideas into 50,000 words in 30 days. That totals out to be 1600 or so words a day. Bring it on. This is going to be just thrilling, much like an Indiana Jones movie.

 Donna's grandfather died this afternoon. She's flying to Tennessee in the morning. If you can pray for her and her family, especially if you live here. That would mean more to me than a comment.

 Daffodils she found her face in a daffodil breathing in springtime and wind chimes and afternoons in the sunlight she found her face in a daffodil she'd never found it there before she felt her heart beat something real she'd never known it was there before she never used to like flowers she used to make snide remarks but now she's finding herself exhaling the sparks love's not mechanical love is a bull that runs toward the red flag to save drowning fools love is the living proof she found herself happy for once she'd never smiled so long and hard used to her smiles felt forced and her happy words,rehearsed but now the dance is hers she moves about like water pure and full of grace her movement is the measurement of this new life of love her movement ticks the clock and turns her eyes above

 Weekend at Bernie's III I remain jobless...and yet people keep saying I owe them. Does no one have a heart? Everyday I look forward to checking the mail. Then most times I either don't have anything or I've got bills. The bills make me sad. The bills are very depressing. I owe a whole lot of money. I could use a solid get-rich-quick scheme. Some friends have been talking very seriously about selling their bodies to science. Apparently, one can get anywhere from 6,000 to 22,000 for their body. This money is given now and the body taken at death. They say "I'll be dead. It won't matter to me." Seems simple enough,right? I'm not sure. If I could know that my body would be used only as a cadaver I'd be fine and dandy with it,but if they'd be doing anything that I ethically disagree with I'd be wholly against it. Anyway, I'm taking donations.

 Without Him I Can Do Nothing The church I've been going to (and look to join soon) has started a prayer ministry. The idea is to have one person for each individual hour during the week to come in and pray in the prayer room. The plan is to claim Jackson County for Christ. I'm really excited about this. I'm down for Sundays at 7-8pm. This was my first week. I found it greatly enriching to pray for people I don't even know, and trust God to meet their needs. This sweet hour made an old time lesson more of a reality: I am completely and utterly dependent on God for all things. We all are. Someone wise once said that the thing about prayer is that it changes us. Never before has this made more sense to me.

 Scrabble I was walking by a classroom the other day and I heard one guy say,"I don't think we should be seeker sensitive but instead we should be sensitive seekers." He has a point. This made me realize-everything is word play. It seems that most of our communication consist of play on word type stuff. In the game of life we play a lot of Scrabble. Maybe its just an American thing.

 Strong Drink ...But seriously now what's wrong with drinking chocolate syrup directly from the bottle?, and then swishing it 'round with milk?

 This is Me urlLink How can I label you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Seems about Right..

 Satisfaction Tonight I was blessed with the most satisfying junior bacon cheeseburger I've ever had. As a matter of fact I may fast for the next few days in remembrance. Why do I get the feeling no one read the last couple posts?

 Missing Pieces,pt. 2 written today: I was talking to my dad about this Friday. I said, "It's weird to miss someone you don't really know." He said, "Yeah,but you did know him." Dad told me that I had forgotten what it was like to know him, so that makes it feel like I didn't know him at all. My dad spoke with candor about his father. He told me how his life had revolved around alcohol and that because of this he didn't show much love to his children. He added, as he always does,"But he loved you." This has always been spoken of like some legacy by my father and that makes me miss this man all the more. He died when I was 7 or 8. I remember the funeral. Dad told me through his tears that it was okay to cry. I understood this,but even then tears didn't just pour from me. I wanted to cry but only could manage some. I knew this was something heavy. It rained hard that afternoon. That night my very large extended family gathered in the room he died in. This room was already being transformed from his sick room to the den it had been before he got cancer. We all went around the room and said something we remembered about him. I remembered a night only days before he died. I laid on his bed with him and he watched television. He flipped channels and passed Pete's Dragon . I asked him if I could watch it and he turned it back for me. He had rarely let the grandkids have any say over the tv. Something so simple meant so much to me. It's what I remember clearest about him. They went through his belongings. I got a golf cap,a baseball hat and an old watch he had worn. I've long since lost these items. I don't miss them. I miss him and I feel like I didn't even know him. To top this off I was reminded that the last time I saw my best friend Chris was in January. He came and visited for a week after Christmas. He moved to Atlanta in May of 2001. It was 7 months before then that I had seen him. We've been friends for eight years, but in the past couple years the outward expression of that friendship seems to be weak. I miss that. I miss him. I sit here writing in an attempt to collect all the missing pieces and in vain hope to lose no more. Thank you for humoring me.

 Missing Pieces written Thursday: This afternoon Zach told me he was headed back home. I said,"They say you can never go home again",sheerly for absurdity but as it turns out this simple statement foreshadowed the rest of the day. After classes Donna and I drove to my parent's house in Ashford. We reasoned this to be a good place to study up for our second Dr. Lee exam tomorrow. This test covers Proverbs,Ecclesiastes and Song of Solomon. When we got to town I took her around to see all the sites, everything from my old high school to both of my old churches. The autumn air moved up my sleeve and nose. This was putting me in the spirit of the season. I kept saying how I love this town, how I miss it, how I love the weather now. I went on about garage sale Saturdays of laying in the fallen leaves. I miss feeling all that I did feel then, but these days are better. With every landmark I recalled stories from my childhood and adolescence. I even explained the how and why that I feel disconnected from this, my hometown. I wanted to be there. I wanted to stay. I miss a lot of things. Reminiscence was my only vein of thought. Names and faces long forgotten were restored to my memory. The stories were as crisp as the leaves. She wondered why I never talked to some of those I grew up with anymore, some of whom lived right down the road. It's not simple really. It all goes back to how disconnected I feel. I want to remember the zestful me. We drove around this countryside for an hour. I recalled bike rides,hay rides,and rides with both my father and driver's ed. teacher,Coach Hicks. I pointed at many houses and told her brief information about the inhabitants, and our background together. I connected all the people and all the stories. There were no loose ends. Then we went to see my grandmother. I hadn't seen her in a few weeks. This was Donna's first time meeting her. Granny told me that she loved and missed me. I told her the same. She's always asking my parents when I'm coming home. I don't very often and then the meetings are all too brief. I want to stay in the loop. I don't want to miss her. I want to be there with her. I'm glad I got to sit and talk with her like that. I hate to imagine that she has to be alone sometimes. Then we started going through the pictures. I went through and told Donna who these people were. These people were my family and I had never felt closer. Looking through a box of pictures and newspaper clippings reminded me what this family means to me. I realized that I miss them. This all started when I saw a picture from nearly 60 years ago of my grandparents. This got me searching for a more recent picture of my deceased grandfather. I was reminded how much I've always missed him. to be continued...

 I'm not a sell-out. I'm not a sell-out,nor do I plan to become one. Hardly ever do I find myself hanging out with the guys anymore. I think its assumed that I've got other plans. That is not a safe assumption. I may always end up doing something but that doesn't mean that I would have turned you down. Today,like many Saturdays, Justin and I ate lunch at Super Canton. Me and Jeff usually make it to the Waffle House at least once a week. Sean regularly accompanies us. A couple times a week Michael Miller and I eat dinner together and chat about Rock 'n' Roll. Rich and I often conversate on our way in from class. I'm thankful for all of these guys and the unmentioned others who mean just as much. I'm thankful for all the time we do get to hang out. I have to wonder how to make my friendships work more efficiently. I'm sorry if I haven't seemed to care. I'm sorry if I never seem to want to spend any time with you. That's not the case. I'm not saying you've been bad friends. I'm not saying its your fault things have been like this. It's more likely mine. I want to make things right. Tonight Justin and Jeff went to see The Ring . I hope they have fun. I was planning to go. Justin had invited me and it looked to be a good time. I just wasn't sure I wanted to and I wasn't sold on the movie(not that it didn't look good,it did but if I wanted to afford it). Maybe that's a lame reason. I've had my time with all of them here and there, but there's been almost none recently that we collectively were together. I miss that. Perhaps I have to show interest somehow, in each of them,in each of our friendships. I'd hate for anyone to think I'm only spending time with them while waiting for something better. God's given me some amazing friends. I thank God for all of you. So tell me how not to suck as a friend. Tell me when you want or need to talk. Tell me if I'm being a jerk. If I turn you down everytime you ask, I don't mean to be that way. Tell me if I am,please.

 God in a Box urlLink Look I drew a picture.

 Roy Rogers The story lived and died I stuffed it and stuck it inside I stuffed it and stuck it beside my recliner in the living room

 Happy 5000!

 Trial and Error Last night in Wal-Mart I stood at the headset of the electronics department giving a listen to a number of albums. I'll try anything once. Here's a list: Gordon Lightfoot - With a name like this you've got to wonder. I had to test it,but yes Roger that's a no-go. Mazzy Star -not my cup,not my tea. I don't think it was bad though. Jennifer Love Hewitt - BareNaked . Just because the majority of the male population would love to see her this way,it gives her no right to give this dose of gross a moniker similar to that of one of my favorite bands,Barenaked Ladies. No one with taste said she had the right to make so-called music either, but that didn't stop her. Tis' the beauty of supply and demand. Julian Lennon - You can hear John hauntingly clear. Hey Jude, you don't make it bad. I liked this a good deal. Jackson Browne - Naked Ride Home . What's the deal with all the naked talk? The title of this actually intrigues me. The snippets I heard were diggable. Jerry Lee Lewis - There were several "best of..." colllections for 6 bucks. I don't care much for this guy, but he put out a few good tunes. I was near to buying one,but wasn't sure which disc was best. What I heard got me a'rockin'! Paul Oakenfield - I had no clue what this was, just gave it a shot. Some weird dance music if I remember correctly. Anyway, I know I didn't like it at all. I scanned Silence by Blindside and something by Living Sacrifice but there was no data for either UPC. I was disappointed. On the ride up I played Disgruntled by Everyday Life. This group is basically early rap core. This is a cd that when younger I liked, but as I got older I deemed it garbage. Upon a fresh listening of it I found that I do in fact like it quite well. I've often said that an easy way to know if you really really like a band is if you can't decide which of their albums is your favorite. A few posts ago I said that Bringing Down The Horse beat Breach as my favorite of the Wallflowers,but I've been listening to the latter release the couple days since then;I realize I don't really know which ranks highest. Currently, I'm thinking Breach takes the cake. Who knows, maybe the next one will blow them both out of the water.

 Green Leaves Today was the first day I've felt the cool breeze of autumn this year. Oh, and then an hour later there was the cold rain.

 Escaping Escapism As much of an escapist as I have been I don't take pride in that. As much as I flinch when hearing tales of the detestable wicked that is everyday elsewhere in the world I cannot turn away. I'm tired of lying to myself and of being lied to. I'm tired of being an insensitive American satisfied with my luxury and comfortable in my living room watching re-runs. I've lived in the land of make-believe for far too long. I can't turn the channel anymore. This 'real world' is one of impending threats and persecution. This 'real world' is one of violence. I can't pretend the world is peaceful. What I can do is let the peace I have in Christ permeate me so much so that it is seen by everyone I come in contact with. My desire is that they will recognize that peace is only in Him. The reality is that September 11th is not an isolated event,wherein during one day horror was inflicted on the world and peace was restored the next. The reality is that these type things have happened before and will happen again. urlLink Some say that these bombings in Bali are on the same scale as 9/11. Should we care any less that we are not being attacked? I think not. The greater reality is Christ. He's the only prayer we've got. He's the only hope this world has of redemption. Are we going to pretend that's not true also? Let us forsake apathy and embrace empathy. Further Reading: urlLink Amongst Other Things -D W is very profound on the subject. urlLink Bene Diction -He keeps us regularly updated on this and other world events. urlLink Tribolum -Electrin says,"It is not the sense of safety that I fear we lost. It is the humanity." urlLink BBC News -The story's here, link via urlLink Electrin.

 I hear the secrets that you keep. A few times this semester I've heard my urlLink roommate mutter half words in his sleep. I've been sitting here typing for an hour as he lay sound asleep. It's 10 til 2 and he says almost flawlessly,"What'cha up to man?" I wasn't sure if he was awake so I looked over and said to him,"You're sleeping." I had to affirm it.

 Mystery Yum-Yums Whenever urlLink Yaccs is updating it feels like when your at Wal-Mart Supercenter on the late shift and every part of the store you want to go to is roped off. We may take Yaccs for granted,but comment boxes are a vital part of the blog. I commend them for such a good service. Tonight they were updating and so I couldn't comment as I normally would. I was moved to comment on urlLink one post in particular, but couldn't. Oh yay!, the update is over I'll just urlLink go right on over now.

 The Wallflowers The Band's got a new one due out November 5th called Red Letter Day . I'm looking forward to that as I've enjoyed the previous major label releases. As artistically diverse as Breach was I'm still sticking to Bringing Down the Horse as my favorite from the band. Who knows what the newest will bring. My favorite of theirs is "Three Marlenas" which I've deemed a driving song, based not on a few of the lines which make it so but instead the haunting b3 organ that pushes through it. I've got just one question,What's a marlena? Is it a rule? Perhaps, If he continues to make music for another 30 years Jakob Dylan will be as well respected as his father. "Three Marlenas" Alone tonight in somebody's bed She gone and dyed her hair red She only went and did what she did 'Cause he would drive her home then There's lipstick on her new dress She hadn't even paid yet But it doesn't matter where the money went It wasn't how she paid her rent One, two, three Marlenas There's got to be someone we can trust Out here among us Now lookin' out across the city lights She thought they'd be a good pair Now he could make a living sellin' cars Maybe she could work there She's gonna pick a star in the night And pray to make it all right She tried so hard not to pick a kite She always prayed to heaven lights One, two, three Marlenas There's got to be someone we can trust Out here among us One, two, three Marlenas It's see no, speak no, hear no evil about us The three Marlenas Man, I think I'm gonna buy myself a Rolls Maybe a Chevrolet One where I can pull that top down Just let my radio play Now I'm headin' out on that highway I'm goin' right out of state Now I ain't lookin' back until I'm gone Right through heaven's gates One, two, three Marlenas There's got to be someone we can trust Out here among us One, two, three Marlenas Ya see no, speak no, hear no evil among us The three Marlenas Three Marlenas Three Marlenas

 After Death I finally gave Waterdeep a shot with their release Sink or Swim . I really enjoyed the set. The tracks "18 Bullet Holes" and the intriguing"And" were instant favorites. The band has that sort of folksy sound that I dig. They remind me a lot of 40 Acres -era Caedmon's Call,except lyrically they aren't calvinist at all. In fact. I made a joke and called them,"anti-caedmon". urlLink Jeremy said he was thinking the same thing. In reality I bet each band has a burgeoning respect for the other. Anyway,onward to the point. In "18 Bullet Holes" the writer talks about how you don't know when your number's up. He calls death,"beast." So I got to thinking on this concept. Death is the thing that most of us are most afraid of. As Christians, all anyone can take from us is our physical life. Even then it is only as God allows. So let's think of death as a beast: there's no way around it, there's no escaping,it's bigger than you,you will be overtaken. In life we face death. It's perpetually coming toward each of us(of course,we cannot tell how near it is). When I heard this concept of death as beast I thought the back of the beast must be one of the absolute most beautiful and most glorious sights. Because the shadow of death looms over even the happiest occassions and experiences nothing we see in this life will be anything near the splendor that is 'after death'. Since hell is eternal death the non-believer will never see the back of the beast. Only those who believe in Jesus Christ will ever see the end of death and the beginning of life. Oh, how I long for that!

 Money and Run there's a lady in a shifted wig one hand on the register the other on a slotted pig there's a man wearing a leather coat his eye is on the turkey his weapon's on her greedy throat there's a cop reading a magazine his foot is toward the doorway to abandon his post and this scene he thinks,"there's no need for me in this mess" says,"good day to you both,good luck and God bless." they're each just as guilty no matter what the paper will say they're each just as guilty and for that deserve hell to pay as do I. you can't rob a miser to afford the cost of grace you can't make a budget to dig yourself from this grave you can't take your railroad to be less than a slave you can't pull a fast one He's the only one who saves

 Life Lessons and Other Hard Truths #1 No matter how tempting it is I must keep telling myself that cough drops aren't candy.

 18 Bullet Holes by Waterdeep 18 bullet holes in the body of a priest They say he was eating a hot dog when the ammunition was released. They say he was always fat and lazy but he was an awfully nice guy. That's just one more death to show you you never know when you're gonna die. You might be facing the beast Sometimes, God, I feel like I'm living in a bone grinding mill And every time I hear the sound I can barely stand still It's a thing I can't quite make out sometimes but it seems to keep getting louder- One more body from the valley of the dry bones getting ground up into powder Against Your holy will Oh, God, it hurts so bad to love anybody down here Why don't You come and help me out? Cause I can't even see clear The funny thing about the way a girl gets destroyed About the way that deal goes down Is that everybody pretty much sees it coming at the sister From all the way across town And she isn't always blinded, she isn't always far astray She just might not be thinking, she might be having a bad day But when you choose, you choose, and when you drown, you drown Last night I dreamed that You swallowed me into Yourself And I was floating on the sea inside When I landed on the shore, I saw all these people that I thought had died I hadn't seen some of them for ages They had left without a single word And when I said something to them, not a single one of them had heard They were all looking right through everything like it wasn't even there Some were full of anger, some full of fear And then I recognized that something very sad But very beautiful was happening right here They were all caught outside standing alone in a very heavy rain And when a raindrop landed on my tongue I didn't need You to explain That these were Your tears Oh, God, it hurts so bad to love anybody down here Oh, that's right, You know so well One thorny crown, three nails, and a spear One thorny crown, three nails, and a spear

 Title I can't decide if I want to change the title of that last poem to B.C.,as in before Christ, or more appropriately before Christ came into my life. What do you think?

 Before Today I never lived I never lived before today I never saw I never saw my own face before today I never knew I never knew which way was up I never loved I never loved before your love all I knew was hate but now my life has become more than a death march played on a drum I never lived I never lived before today I never saw I never saw your sweet face before today I never knew I never knew which way to go I never loved I never loved but now I know All I know of hate is a memory that's faint and all I know of love leaves me without complaint

 This Town Ain't Big Enough Let your wild horse run just leave me alone let your country western play just get out and gone I don't like the looks of things when staring into your cracked wings you fly backwards your quite haphazard your sleeping at the wheel Let your wild horse run just be out before dawn let your country western play just rodeo on some other lawn I don't like the looks of things when shadowed over by demon wings you die forwards and swear your coarse words your speaking with no shield

 Marley's Ghost The other day in the car a bad example of reggae came on the radio. Along with the music I freestyled,"Kill Reggae,Bob Marley's dead,"over and over. Once I saw some video footage of Marley dancing. I noticed a similarity in how he and Adam Duritz both dance like 'a tay in the wind',soulfully. I also made the obvious comparison of the dreads. I thought it would be cool if they could use modern technology to implant such footage of Marley into a Counting Crows video. Can you just picture the two dancing together? This kind of thing was done the first time with a Hank Willams,Jr. video where the implanted was his notorious father. That video won some award. Anyhow,last night I was at Frank's trying to read. Somebody had Bob Marley playing. It was a greatest hits package. I didn't realize until last night, but I've never heard much of Bob Marley. I knew beforehand that I'm not much of a reggae fan,nothing against it. I think the media raised me up to think Marley held some place in my heart. In fact, had you caught me in the right conversation you may have heard me speaking for his legacy. I think "Redemption Song" is one of the best songs ever, but as for the rest of this collection I wasn't entertained. Maybe, its just because I don't like reggae. I'm not at all trying to say Bob Marley sucked or even that he made bad music. All I'm saying is that I,personally,do not care for the major body of his work,and I say that after realizing the world had taught me to think I loved it. Love isn't deaf.

 The Blue Laws The phone rang. I answered. It was the lady from Toys R' Us. She said that they had needed someone to work on Sunday's and reminded me that I had said I could work the hours of 1-4. She asked,"Could that be flexible?" I answered "no." She replied,"Well, I guess you may not need to come in for an interview tomorrow." I said "Okay," and that was it. I'm a little miffed about it, but that's how it goes. God will provide. I have to remind myself about gratefulness. By the way the water has been in full working order since the last post. I'll take that as a hint of my future in the job market.

 Speaking of Water I officially crawled from my bed at 11 this morning. I went in to take a shower but there was no water. This frustrated me as I am usually a compulsive 'shower a day' kinda guy and I had already gone two days. My first move was to gripe. My first thought was that the school was at fault. So much for shaving,something I had resolved to do. The scruff had started to get on my nerves again. I used the barely dripping water to brush my teeth,and from there went about my day. During class I got to thinking. My first reactions weren't called for. In fact my first thought should have at least been of thanking God that I had been blessed with running water all these other days. I had been ungrateful,and that pains me. Let's not forget,"Every good and perfect gift is from above..."(James 1:17) and running water most certainly counts.

 I Will Not Remain Silent. "For Zion's sake I will not keep silent, and for Jerusalem's sake I will not keep quiet until her righteousness goes forth like brightness, and her salvation like a torch that is burning."-Isaiah 62:1 I have no right to remain silent. Whatever I say or don't say will be held against me in the court of God. I will be held accountable. For too long I've kept the gospel buried away just kicking back and waiting for the rapture. I will do this no longer. All around us we see the effects of sin: Poverty Disease Depression Broken Homes Child Abuse, et cetera We cry out against these social ills. At best we give heartily to charities designed to deal with these problems. While I appreciate their work, I must note that their only tending to the symptoms. The help that charities offer is limited. Only few are helped and that assistance is only temporary. The problem is spiritual. People need Jesus. The concept of social salvation is flawed severely. Social ills exist because the world we live in is fallen, that is as a whole the world is without a saving knowledge of Jesus. A filled stomach waits to be emptied. We who have the hope of Christ must not remain silent. How dare we bite our lips and call that love,or even respect. Let's give them the water,the water that they can drink from and never thirst again. Only the greedy withhold a good fortune. We are called to give all we've got, but the great thing is God's love is a source that cannot be depleted. As we give we grow in grace and knowledge. As we give we grow closer both to God and our fellow man. We give to no loss. We are replenished. Our cups overflow so much so that we could fill the cups of all those we come in contact with. Still, so many of us just put a lid on it. What right do we have? May the love of God grow so fiercely in you that it pours from you like a waterfall. As for me I will not remain silent.

 Achilles' Heart How's that for a band name? Or maybe just Achilles?

 The Search His throat is parched. It feels mummified. All he can taste are the stale bits of what he just ate. He needs a drink. The city water would likely kill him. He'd check the fridge but it's been empty for a week or more. He'd ask his friends but daily they too suffer the same plight. He moves to the dresser and opens the top drawer. He shuffles through the coins that cover the bottom. All he can find are pennies. Then one after the other he discovers two dimes,shining like beacons of hope in a sea of copper. Then again it seems that only pennies remain. Is all hope lost? Panic strikes him. Sweat and tears roll down his face. Then just as he gives in to despair he finds twenty-five cents more. His total is now .45, a nickel shy. Now this is just getting aggravating. He glares over the room trying to maintain the hope he has. He prays the search hasn't been in vain. There on the floor is the nickel he needs. He reaches with dramatic motion and thrusts himself out the door to the soda machine. Gleefully, he slides the change into the coin slot and punches the button for Coke. In the kind of moment that resembles many a commercial he pours the drink down his throat and instantly is refreshed. Satisfaction. All of this and the struggle doesn't end. He is me.

 Reservations words and music by Wilco How can I convince you it's me I don't like When I've always been distant and I've always told lies for love I'm bound by these choices so hard to make I'm bound by the feeling so easy to fake None of this is real enough to take me from you Oh I've got reservations about so many things but not about you I know this isn't what you were wanting me to say How can I get closer and be further away From the truth that proves it's beautiful to lie I've got reservations about so many things but not about you I've reservations about so many things but not about you not about you not about you not about you it's not about you

 A Matter of Life and Death Life in sin is suicide,you kill yourself. Life in sin is murder, you kill others. Life in sin is blasphemy, you deny God. Suicide- by living incompletely and seeking after that which destroys,sin. On the issue of pride: What goes up must come down. He who builds himself up will be demolished. I want to get lost by being found in Him. Murder- by seeking oneself one hates all others, only loving when loved,never really loved. Hatred is murder. Pride seemingly builds one up as a monster towering over the peasants, but more realistically towering over oneself. Pride is becoming demon-possessed,full of oneself to such a degree that one is no longer in control. [You've] created a monster. I want to be filled with His Spirit. Blasphemy- to seek oneself is to deny God. Pride in this sense is for one to lie to oneself about its relation to God. I want to be humbled in the sight of God. Sin is...death,folly,pride,hate,murder,suicide,blasphemy Sin is...the greatest lie,deterioration,corrosive,haunting Sin is...insomnia,confusion,chaos,despair Sin makes everything backwards Love is hate Life is death Joy is despair Sin separates us from God. It blinds us. It's like an old car battery corroding. To embrace sin is to embrace loneliness,fear,tragedy,despair,confusion,anxiety and being cold and alone. Sin is the rejection of God,love, truth,reality. Let go. Pray that Satan be bound. Turn and run from your sins. Repent,heaven is nigh. By repenting: One will know God,love,truth,beauty,reality,freedom and oneself. One will know life as God intends it to be lived,more fully through Him. His plans are better than ours. To think otherwise is sin. He made you. He made the paths before you. He gave you the options. You are His creation,what right do you have to rebel against Him? You should listen closely. He could end you like that. You can't escape God. You grow tired. He never grows weary. How are you going to outrun or outsmart God who is the source of your stamina and knowledge? You can't. What right do any of us have to assume control? None. Self is the one you should be most afraid of. Christ is the one you should be most in love with. In fact, all the love you have flows from God. If you don't love Him above all else, you don't really love anything. I am most afraid of me, now I need to be in love with Him-completely. He is the way to life. He is the life. This is the only way I will ever know myself. Adam is our not so great forefather who sold us into slavery. Jesus is our blessed kinsmen redeemer who adopted ,we,the undeserving,and bought us from slavery. Through Him we have redemption. The righteousness that Adam began with was a free gift of God's grace,but Adam denied that when he took of the fruit[of sin] and ate. The righteousness that Jesus has is His because He is God. We can take and eat of the fruits of salvation by embracing Jesus' life,death,burial and resurrection. Let's embrace Jesus. Tis' so Sweet. It's the most desirable thing to commune with God our Father. Tis' so sweet. In the same way that Jesus did not remain in the tomb,neither will we remain underground. Will it be heaven or hell? Hell is to live death. Hell is to be buried alive. Why in Hell would you want that? There's no rational reason. Only a non-thinking mind would see it otherwise. We only truly think when we know God. Do you know Him? If not, Do you want to? God is to be feared,reverred and loved.

 Sleeping Giants Earlier this afternoon I was dozing off on the phone. I kept missing the last thing said. I said seriously,"It's too early to be this tired. I slept for four whole hours last night." I've always put up a fight when it comes to tiredness. That's one thing I've never grown out of. However, after an hour I was too weary for my stubborness to matter. I surrendered and said,"goodnight." That was 3:20. As tired as I was I still had trouble staying asleep. Twenty to thirty minutes later there was a knock and Mike came in. He was just stopping by to see how I was,how I've been. We hadn't talked in several days. Seeing that I was attempting to get some rest he left after a few words. I appreciated his visit. I kinda regretted not having been awake. It would have been cool to talk. So when I awoke from my slumber at 6:30,I stepped next door to see him. He laid facedown on his couch. He mumbled,"Wha...?" I told him I thought it was funny how we had both stopped by when the other napped. Then I left. Maybe I'll see him around 9.

 Fortune Cookie I went to Super Canton tonight. I didn't feel like eating so I just ordered a soda. Then Ming brought my bill and fortune cookie out. It said,"You are what you eat." Scary stuff.

 The Way Home I think my brain is empty of all conveyable thought. What remains are mere crumbs, crumbs too small for taste or texture to be determined. These crumbs form no trail to lead me back to what I was thinking. I'm just lost in the innerspace.

 Icarus you make me feel like a hot air balloon going up in the air not to return too soon sometimes the ride feels shaky sometimes I fear I'll get shot down but most times my greatest fear is of getting too near the sun and burning up.

 I Want to Grow Up. So I had a message from Toys R' Us when I got in today. I returned the call and now I have an interview next Thursday. Also, I turned my application in at Shoe Carnival. The girl asked me to come back tomorrow. Things seem promising. Maybe I won't have to go to debtor's hell afterall. I pray I get a job.

 Her Majesty words and music by The Beatles Her Majestys a pretty nice girl but she Doesnt have a lot to say. Her Majestys a pretty nice girl but she Changes from day to day. I wanna tell her that I love her a lot, But I gotta get a belly full of wine. Her Majestys a pretty nice girl, Someday Im gonna make her mine Oh yeah, Someday Im gonna make her mine.

 Tips from an Insider urlLink Sarah always writes the type of stuff I like to read most, but this must be urlLink one of her best . I can call a girl's intentions a mile away, whether she really thinks you're interesting, whether she just wants some company, whether she's only talking to you because her ex-boyfriend is right across the room and she's trying to look involved so he'll be jealous even though they broke up months ago and he's already with someone else, it doesn't matter. urlLink Read more... and be informed.

 Define Jerk. Recent conversation and urlLink this post raise the question in me of what exactly people mean when they call someone a jerk. What do you mean when you say it? What characteristics qualify someone? By this standard what percentage of the population are jerks? Answer as best you can.

 For Lightning I'm a whirlwind kite I'll go up tonight to meet you on the power line I want to see you all that I can even if it means a shortened lifespan

 A Declaration One more first day of the rest of my life. There are things that are past due and things that are sneaking up on me, the first of which is life. The semester's halfway over with, well pretty much. I'm calling for another well deserved round of catching up. There was a similar event last fall. I had fallen behind in a few classes, but much worse than now. That week I inspired a lot of people to take such time for themselves. There was even talk of making it a National Holiday. Anyway, I got serious about things that week and things turned around. I welcome you to 'Catch Up Week 2002'. It has been declared!

 Send Money. I went job hunting once again tonight. Donna interviewed at Books-A-Million. While waiting I skimmed across 500-some odd pages from this ultimate album guide. That wasn't quite halfway. I gathered some knowledge that in the future at some party or during a game of Trivial Pursuit I'll regurgitate and feel a little better about myself. Above that I got tips on a few albums I need to check out. I decided that I want to make a list of 10 or 20 cd's that are talked about in all the music circles, stuff like Pet Sounds and Sgt. Pepper , both of which I own. Two definites for this list are Blond on Blond and What's Going On . Definitive sort of stuff. I also read from a couple books on film school. One reminded me of the cold hard truth that there are many filmmakers out there who have the skills, but who's stories won't be told. There isn't enough room for everyone to stand on stage. This truth really gets to me. The more I thought about it I was reminded of a vision I've had for my life. I'd like to start a production company for Christian filmmakers, a source of funding and inspiration. There must be at least a few hundred Christians out there who share such detailed hope and expectation for film as I do. I'm not talking Cloud Ten Pictures here,none of that. I'll continue to explore this topic in upcoming posts. When we left I got a second application, unsure if the first one I had submitted was already void. I knew I was supposed to recognize the girl behind the counter, it bothered me that I barely did. She handed me the app and said, "Chase,right?" and went on to associate me with some friends we shared. I could barely remember. I think I might have liked this girl,or thought I did, on one of those fateful nights in twelfth grade. Now it took a name tag to help me recall. Three short years ago and I could barely remember. Next we went to the mall. There I got an application from Bourbon St. Candy Company. This seems to be my most promising. This was my third or fourth visit because they haven't had any applications until today. Am I okay with selling people candy they obviously don't need for 8 dollars a pound? I think so. Its their money and I'm a capitalist. At Wal-Mart I bought Yankee Hotel Foxtrot , an album I've been eyeing for weeks. I like it thus far. The idea was to get a job, so as to make money, instead I got rid of more. I must start being a good steward. I think I almost always tell myself that at the register, and I add,"I'll start tomorrow." Something occured to me during the almost two hour wait at B-A-M, I'm an easy guy to buy for. For starters, you could buy me practically any book on music or film and you've got a surefire winner of a gift. Also, there are literally tons of cds out there that I'd be more than happy to receive. So long as you keep the receipt the idea of exchange intrigues me. What are you waiting for, you practically cannot go wrong. Buy me something or send cash. I could use a suitcase full.

 Jackson, TN: Day Seven Yesterday Donna's mother, aunt and grandmother were giving us a hard time about getting up and going today. They presumed we wouldn't make it and that we weren't aware of how early five am would arrive. They did not know that I have had many years experience with this. Her mother offered to wake us up, but we assured her we could handle it. To be sure we handled it I did not go to sleep. This was a challenge and call me ridiculous but I was willing to lose a night's sleep for this cause. We were in town by around six. Our first stop was the Supercenter. Then Toys R' Us. Donna went to go find something and left me holding all the packages. I sat on a couple karaoke machines. This was over two hours into our adventure and it was only then that the fatigue hit me. She returned and in seeing me in my dilapidated state she suggested I go nap in the car while she stood in line. I wanted to keep her company, but there isn't much company to one who is comatosed. I had a hard time locating the car. I crawled into the backseat and positioned myself so that my neck was least uncomfortable. Not even ten minutes after I laid down Donna was at the car. I opened my eyes. The sun in all its glaring killed me a few times. The line moved faster than she had thought it would. I stayed in my half slumber as she ran a couple non-shopping errands. When I did wake we went to Office Max and then the mall where we were forever. Lunch for me was Chik-Fil-A. Donna ate from Mandarin Express. A highlight was hanging out in FYE where I lost my cup. I found several cds I've never seen in my tri-state area. The main one of these being Pavement's Slanted and Enchanted: Luxe and Reduxe . The listening stations were really nice. I got to hear some from each track. I want this album even more now. At about 6 Donna and I went to Cici's Pizza. From there we walked to Big Lots. Big Lots is a great store (I got 25 cd cases for $4) but its so bright in there. I think its cause I was so extremely tired. To top being exhausted off I had developed three painful canker sores. Still, something kept me going. It was my idea to stay out. I am insane. I couldn't even complete sentences but insisted we continue. Maybe it was a fever. We finished our rounds at Target. I bought her Dumbo on dvd. She had driven over to the grocery store so that I could pick up a gift or two for her. Since she had already given me Ryan Adams' Demolition which was part of my Christmas, I thought I'd give her this. I walked out to the curb and looked around for her. Finally she walked up. I asked her to close her eyes and make a wish. I then handed her the movie. She really liked it and commenced to call herself a five year old. I agreed. When we got back 'home' her mother was sure we were going straight to bed, but still I insisted that I wasn't so tired. I gargled warm salty water. Then, of course, I wrote this. Donna's passed out on the couch. We're homeward bound at 8am. I am ready. This is me signing off from Jackson, Tennessee. Good night.

 Jackson, TN: Day Six There isn't one of us who couldn't fill libraries with books that detailed our counted blessings. If you don't feel blessed you should do some serious thinking. Don't be blind to your blessing. I am grateful for many things, today included. I slept almost right up until noon when we went over to grandmother's. We looked through sales papers. Tomorrow we're setting out early for the-day-after shopping. This was my idea actually. I'm continuing a tradition I've had for many years with my mother. Lunch was good, but last night's lasagna was still better...even tonight. Donna and I came back to her house to get some articles and such for classes. While here we made a few calls. She called her father. She called and made plans for us to catch a movie with Jessica later. I called home. It was nice to talk to my mother. I told her I liked it here, but that I would rather be home with them. I love my family. I really do. Mom put Claire on the phone. I also got to talk to my sister and brother. We talked about what everyone wanted for Christmas and about the next day's sales. She asked if I had heard from Chris. Chris has been my best friend for over 8 years. Two Mays ago he moved away to Atlanta. Last time I saw him was New Year's Day. Last I heard from him he was getting married in two days. That was September 5th. I misplaced his number. He and Tracy are going to be parent's in a few months. For that reason especially I've been wanting to call and see how things are going for this dear friend of mine. He called my parent's house trying to find me. Mom gave him the numbers for this place. The news was that the two are moving to Headland, which is near enough I'll be able to see him regularly. I'll be able to spend some of the Holidays with him. He'll be moving down in two weeks. I'm excited. After making the calls Donna and I went back over to her grandmother's. We sat over there until five. Then we headed to the movies, after picking Jessica up. Well, showtime was 7:30. We watched Eight Crazy Nights . I give the movie a 5 because in my opinion it is a little too vulgar for a cartoon. Still, it was pretty funny in a lot of parts. I heard some great news from another friend. This news was a relief. Now we are viewing Edward Scissorhands . Let us not limit gratitude to one day a year.

 Jackson,TN: Day Five Come to think of it we haven't left the house all day. The first thing we did upon waking was watch Patch Adams . This is one of a few movies that have ever made me want to cry. It makes me feel happy and sad all over all at the same time. About all else we did was homework. I made notes on some New Testament material. While I was busy 'working' I also paid attention to the television. This evening Donna cooked for me. Earlier, she made brownies. Then she made me lasagna. I was impressed, to say the least. She cooks a mean meal. We plan to stay up late working on some more stuff, but we are also going to watch a movie or two. Let the turkeys live. Lasagna is better.

 E-Bill urlLink Jeff and I were chatting... dobler 34: online billing can really suck sometimes JeffyJeffW: yeah, i was late this month JeffyJeffW: i was late w/ another last month dobler 34: that's the only thing that bothers me being late with dobler 34: if only teachers charged you 29 bucks if you were tardy JeffyJeffW: haha JeffyJeffW: i would drop out dobler 34: yeah me too dobler 34: but of course dobler 34: i'd probably be late for that too dobler 34: i'd miss the cut off day JeffyJeffW: yea

 Boredom, Anyone? I apologize if I have bored you. I've realized in chronicling my misadventures here that it takes some skill I lack to write day-to-day activities and make them interesting. I'm boring myself with the writing, but I don't know other ways to say things. These Jackson, Tennessee posts have been more for record keeping than for anything else. Well, either way thanks for reading.

 Jackson, TN: Day Four I think this is the halfway point, that is if we leave Saturday. When Donna was leaving for prayer group this morning I couldn't lift my head. I had really wanted to go but it was not possible. She was going to wake me up when she got back at 8. Instead, she reasoned that I seemed to be sleeping good and didn't want to disturb me. I think she was right. The day got going at 10:30. We watched Toy Story 2 . That movie says a lot. I might blog about that later tonight or this week. After the movie we went two doors down to her other grandmother's. There we worked on school stuff. That was pretty much the afternoon. Her grandmother offered to cook dinner. Who are we to turn her down? Donna went in the kitchen to help and insisted I kept busy at my schoolwork. Church services were moved to tonight. I had told Donna I didn't want to go, but I changed my mind. After eating we left a little early and stopped by Blockbuster. We had to be off before we could pick anything out so we opted to come back. Church was good, well except that I was exhausted. We checked out the new sanctuary that is still under construction. We left and went back to Blockbuster. We rented Magnolia , Monster's Inc ., Edward Scissorhands ,and Patch Adams . Now we are in the comforts of the home. The movie is on and I am over and out, baby.

 Jackson, TN: Day Three Is anyone reading this? I was working up the third part of this, as I had been doing for about an hour and something happened. I lost it. I am quite upset. So in as few words as possible I'll recap. We went to see Donna's dad and grandmother. It worked out better than I thought it would be. No one died. I think I did a relatively decent job of being me, even if half my answers to questions were canned. Her grandmother will be 93 tomorrow. Over lunch she kept asking if I wanted slaw. She also asked if I was going to grow my beard really long. I said, "No ma'am. I don't wanna be Santa Claus." When we were leaving her dad wanted to get our picture. He had a hard time getting his flash to work. I'm still seeing it. When we got back Donna and I went to Kinko's. The mob came in. A lot of people died. the end.

 Jackson, TN: Day Two For me, the day began a little before 7:30. I had reportedly sneezed all night. Donna made sure I was up. We got our luggage and all out. I got clothes and went for a shower. I find it difficult to get comfortable when the bathroom door doesn't lock and the shower curtain is see-thru. It's not that I don't trust anyone, but accidents happen. Maybe I'm just weird. I pulled the shower curtain down when getting the towel. At 8:15 we were off for church. Highland Park's contemporary services start at 8:30. The music was maybe a little too contemporary for me. The message was the fourth and final in a series about forgiveness. The pastor gave tons of testimonies about how people had been challenged to forgive by the first three parts. This was powerful. I questioned my own heart. Am I forgiving? Usually, but those exceptions make all the difference. I was so tired, falling out tired. I hoped we would leave afterward, instead we went to Sunday School. Between the two I had a doughnut. I got to meet a lot of people, some I knew nothing about, others I had heard a lot about. Sunday School wasn't bad at all. I was glad I got to go. After church one girl helped her boyfriend back his BMW out. I don't know why, but that made me laugh. Then we went on to Wal-Mart where Donna insisted she buy me allergy medicine and Kleenex. Can I just say, I love Donna more and more all the time? I've been thinking that a lot today. Then we were at her grandmother's for lunch. To be honest, I was a tad bit antsy about meeting her family. Really, it wasn't the meeting so much I feared but rather the sitting around not knowing what to say. Getting to know a family draws quick comparisons to swimming: it starts out awkward and even cold as one gets their feet in, but improves as one adjusts to the temperature. I was in almost effortlessly. They made me laugh a lot. Just as Jessica had done, they all reminded me of people I've known. The best part happened during a conversation about duck hunting. One of her aunts asked asked her cousin Keith what he liked most about it. He replied,"Watching 'em suffer." That was hilarious. I knew we would get along easily. I had been looking at sales papers with Donna. The food was scrumptious. I mainly just ate and nodded. There is something intriguing about the way a family has its own rhythm in passing plates and dishes. I had a good time. I hope it seemed that way. We came back here and took a nap. I was too tired when church rolled around again. I told Donna to go on without me. Sleep is good. We three spent the evening watching tv, mostly Where are They Now? and this show called Bubble Gum Babylon . I started and continued to write this post from about 11 on. I got offline and called my parents. I asked my mom to ship that book off for me. She agreed. She told me to mind my manners. Dad was asleep. Other than that I've downloaded a bunch of songs cause they have a burner. I need to get to sleep soon. Tomorrow starts early. XOXOXO

 Jackson, TN: Day One We didn't leave at 1 as planned for two reasons. The first was that my class got out late. The second was that I had to finish packing. We left at 1:30. Donna had already eaten lunch. We went through the Hardee's drive-thru and I got a Chili Cheese Burger combo. While ordering I realized that I still had my last drink. The second one came in handy nonetheless. We passed the time with music, praying, playing lame road games and entertaining ourselves with ancient journal entries and poems of mine. About six we stopped and got gas. I got out of the car and threw the Hardee's bag and some other garbage into the trash receptacle. I looked around and said in a very low tone,"Keep America Beautiful." I made myself laugh. Her excitement grew and so did mine. The ride was enjoyable. I didn't feel closed in. She called in to her mother and close friend Jessica from her cell phone at a few places along the way. When we got to Jackson Donna went to Starbucks where she bought Jessica a Mocha. Then we went to Jessica's house. I had heard a lot about her. I was ready to meet her. I hoped she wouldn't think I was a big loser. I had been sneezing all day but the house was smoky which didn't help obviously. My allergies grew increasingly worse. Jessica was nice. I think we both had a good first impression. She showed us pictures from a recent trip to Washington. Then she and Donna reminisced on local people and high school. I enjoyed every minute. I just got tired of not being able to breathe. Jessica reminded me of some girls I used to know, but have lost contact with. These are nice memories. At 11 Donna thought we should head on out since we hadn't been to her home yet. Jessica was great but I was relieved to go- I could breathe once more. We made it to her house. Her mother, Ms. Mary had cooked me a ham and stocked the house with food Donna told her I like. I'm being treated like a king. My allergies got even worse and to cap off the sneezing my beard began to itch really badly. I felt a little uptight and unsure of how to act. I know to be myself, but sometimes its hard to know what to say or where to sit. I know I'll get more comfortable. I'm looking forward to getting to know Jessica and Ms. Mary as well as the rest of Donna's family and friends. Well, guess I better be getting to bed. Church starts at 8:30. On a side note I sold my first book on urlLink Amazon . There is a problem. I don't have the book with me to ship. I'm supposed to send it off by Monday. I almost brought all ten books I've put up to sell with me. Maybe I'll figure something out.

 Asthmatic Insomniac Speaks Out, pt. 2 I just realized I've never addressed the subject of insomnia here. Bizarre, seeing that I often fall prey to it. I went to sleep about 1:30. I tossed and turned and tried to wake myself up. When I did get up at 2:46 I searched frantically for enough change to buy a soda. I felt getting up, getting a drink,and being awake for a few minutes would help. It usually does. You wouldn't believe how hard it was to find fifty cents. Thousands of pennies, very few nickels and dimes. If only the machine took Visa. The plan is that I'll get up at 8:30 am and get ready to go to Jackson, Tennessee. I'm going to spend This Thanksgiving week with Donna. For once I'll get to meet her friends and a lot of her family who I've yet to meet. Overall, I expect this will be good. At 9:50 we will pack the car. At 1:00 I'm out of class and we'll be out of town. The hope is to be in Birmingham before rush hour. Here's hoping I won't feel so claustrophobic. It's going to be an exciting week, though I will be busy. My goal had been to be caught up on all my work before this break, but heaven's to Betsy I'm not. Right now, I'm thinking maybe I can pull 3 B's and 4 C's. I have my doubts. I just don't want to fail anything. Maybe I have low standards. D is for diploma. I've come to terms lately with the reality that I've not exactly pulled my weight thus far in school. I've failed a few classes. I've gotten a few D's. I could have done a lot better, but I didn't. I'm not proud of that and I plan to do better, but I'm not making resolutions. I'm growing. I can say that much. I'm no longer going to live under the false perception that I'm one of the only ones who isn't such a good steward with school. Other people may make all A's, God bless 'em. Too much emphasis is put on scholasticism. It's too much when there is more emphasis on it than on spiritual growth. I never wanted to be doing it just for the sake of knowledge. I never cared for making the grade. I want to show myself approved. This semester has been the beginnings of me finding motivation. So I hope and pray that I haven't failed anything. At least not for absences. There's one class I fear this in. My only other request is that I don't fail either of my two retakes. Honestly, I'd prefer to have C's in them. Afterall, they are retakes. Yes, It's true I've been lazy and irresponsible but don't you dare think you can deduce that this is clearly the problem. If you really are at a place in your life where you can judge me, bear with me. Thank you. My soda is gone and so am I.

 Claire Claire went to see Santa and she spit on him. Man, I love this kid.

 Bummer My phone has been "temporarily disconnected." Is it because I haven't paid this month's bill? I'm only a week late. Otherwise I'm a faithful customer who has never had an outstanding balance. I got to get to the bottom of this.

 Beard of Mountain Snow If I was still given change for my teeth I'd knock them out with an ice skate. Doesn't mean I still believe in faries. Mom and Dad, sorry to disappoint, but I don't believe in Santa Claus anymore. Kids know more than given credit for. I'm not trying to be mean.

 Closing Time I'm taking it semester by semester. I'm one of the only people I know who turns a regular semester into a summer term. I do this by packing all the course load into the last few weeks. I almost die everytime.

 This Yawn's For You I was up until about 4 last night. At 5 there was a phone call. I woke up twice more in my total 5 hours of sleep. Since the power went out earlier this week my alarm clock has been messed up so I had to check the time on the computer. I got up and ready at 9. I went to chapel at ten. At 11 I shared lunch with Donna and afterwards we continued studying for the third Old Testament 201 test of the semester. I skipped my other two classes so we could keep studying. The test was at 1:30. I wasn't finished with the discussion questions at the hour's close. Dr. Lee offered me 15 minutes to finish it. I wrote and wrote. I walked it to his office still incomplete. He insisted that I sit in the next office and finish it. How gracious! When I handed it in he asked how I did and said, "I hope you did well lad." He said "lad", that's just too cool. He asked me a number of questions about my life and calling, and even who my roommate was and if I got along with him. He started to feel like another grandfather. Dr. Richards, my theology and philosophy professor who is now retired, had taken that role in the spring. Next I walked to the library where Donna was. I looked for articles for my Old Testament notebook. She looked for some for her Developmental Psych class. At 4 we went to the cafeteria porch and waited for dinner. I was disappointed, at 4:30, to learn that there was no more beef-a-roni. I settled for corn dogs, yummy. Church was having a special thanksgiving do so we skipped out on that. We, now with a friend of Donna's from Tennessee, proceeded to Dothan. We hit all the high spots of Wal-Mart, Wendy's and Books-A-Million. In B-A-M I read books on collecting records. We were all tired on the ride back. That's why I don't like this season as much, it keeps me tired. We arrived back on our gorgeous campus grounds at 8:30. Now here I sit typing. Suddenly, I'm awake again. PS- I'm growing a beard.

 Life Lessons and Other Hard Truths #3 Yes, as a matter of fact I do know that there's an inkspot on my shirt. Thanks.

 Checking It Twice My mom was asking me what I want for Christmas. I told her a few things but most of what I really want is things like particular books or albums I'd need to write down. So I've updated urlLink my wish list on urlLink Amazon . I'm actually still working on it, but this is a start. So there you go Mom (or any other kind soul with some spare cash), Merry Christmas! Yay!...

 Who's The Boss?!? A friend who shall remain nameless surprised me the other day. As many of my friends do he knows an impressive amount of music trivia. We were talking. He was looking through my cd's, plucking out those which he wanted to borrow. I asked,"Do you like Bruce Springsteen?" He answered,"I'm not sure, what do they sing.?" I answered in shock, "You mean, you don't know Bruce Springsteen?" He replied,"I may know a few of their songs let me listen to them." Somehow this shocks me more than someone not knowing who Jesus is.

 Muzak, Inc. Oftentimes people are known for what music they most despise or what they feel isn't even music. I got to thinking about this one day and I think it would be best to be known for what we love about music, or anything else for that matter,than for what we don't like about it.

 I'm a quitter. Yes, just like karate and boy scouts and band and drum lessons and voice lessons, I've given up on urlLink NaNoWriMo . Maybe you predicted this would happen. I say down with the naysayers. I will write a book someday. Lately, I've been coming up, left and right, with non-fiction that I want to have written. The most recent is under the working title of The Art of Giving Advice .

 Gettin' Closer It seems very elementary, but I've learned that the most beautiful thing a relationship can be is edifying. The most beautiful thing a relationship can do is bring two people closer to God.

 Oh yes, very ironic... "God will not suffer man to have the knowledge of things to come; for if he had prescience of his prosperity he would be careless; and understanding of his adversity he would be senseless." You are Augustine! You love to study tough issues and don't mind it if you lose sleep over them. Everyone loves you and wants to talk to you and hear your views, you even get things like "nice debating with you." Yep, you are super smart, even if you are still trying to figure it all out. You're also very honest, something people admire, even when you do stupid things. urlLink What theologian are you? A creation of urlLink Henderson link via urlLink Rich .

 The Well climb down into the well and wait for the water the world outside is hell just wait for the father to send his floods down this drain to raise you above such fruitless pain

 Love love moves boulders off the chest until itself is firmly pressed with the same weight and stress leaving a beautiful impression and a fossil of a thing that won't die

 Quote "Evangelism is one beggar telling another beggar where to find bread."- N.T. Niles

 Ignorance as a Virtue It's amazing how some people, without knowing anything about something, can develop such solid opinions.

 Gossip It's still wrong even after all these years.

 Sparks by The Who Father: Did you ever see the faces of children They get so excited. Waking up on christmas morning Hours before the winter sun's ignited. They believe in dreams and all they mean Including heavens generosity. Peeping round the door to see what parcels are for free In curiosity. And Tommy doesn't know what day it is. Doesn't know who Jesus was or what praying is. How can he be saved? From the eternal grave. Surrounded by his friends he sits so silently, And unaware of everything. Playing poxy pin ball picks his nose and smiles and Pokes his tongue at everything. I believe in love but how can men who've never seen Light be enlightened. Only if he's cured will his spirits future level ever heighten. And Tommy doesn't know what day it is. Doesn't know who Jesus was or what praying is. How can he be saved ? From the eternal grave. Tommy can you hear me ? Tommy can you hear me ? Tommy can you hear me ? How can he be saved ? Tommy: See me, feel me Touch me, heal me. See me, feel me Touch me heal me! Tommy can you hear me? Tommy can you hear me? Tommy can you hear me? How can he be saved?

 "Life is a collection of little moments" Me: Marry me. Donna: I'm thinking about it. Me: P-p-p-pwease...

 Question Do you have a favorite Beatles' album? After becoming familiar with the second half of their discography I say pretty confidently that The Beatles commonly referred to as The White Album is mine.

 Saturday class is quite ungodly. Today we learned about the different forms of church government. The first ten minutes of lecture were base definitions of each form. I wrote these down because I am particularly interested and not for the purpose of taking notes. Then the professor started talking greek, he was explaining the greek word for deaconess. I didn't grasp as much of this because I lost interest. Which form of church government do you like best? I prefer the team ministry model over all the others. This is the form most pre-dominately taught here at the college. Once again I dipped out and walked back to the dorm when we got our break at 12. When I started writing this post I got out my theology book because I wanted to break down for you the different forms of church government. I had the notes the professor gave but they weren't very concise. Not to disappoint but I'll leave those definitions for another post. The writing of it isn't coming together well. Our textbook is a lot simpler than Professor Coggins lecture was. I realized I do more learning when I am not required to. Some might find something noble about this, but I say its just a lack of discipline. I want to be an apologist and a scholar, but we get what we sow and right now it feels like I'm just getting stupider. The Transformers said it best,"Learning is half the battle." What's the other half?

 Burning Down The House I've always tried to have some sort of ethic about what music I will burn. If I explained to you my standards they would very likely read as double standards. I'm not trying to push my views on you. The only thing I will say is that everyone should put a lot of thought into the issue of this. As a collector and fan I usually prefer to own the actual album, but that isn't always the case. Take The Beatles for example, the fab four is excessively wealthy and reknowned. I know that Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr are still alive, but it seems to me the music should be public domain already. It's important to one's understanding of popular culture, and to some measure society in general. I've made it a personal goal to be familiar with The Beatles. Michael Miller is, as I mentioned before obsessed with the band, and thus he has everything they've done. When I say everything I don't say that lightly. Over the past couple semesters "Milks" has burned for me Rubber Soul , Revolver , Sgt. Pepper , and Abbey Road . Today he made me a copy of Let It Be . Within the hour he will bring me copies of The White Album , Help! , and Past Masters Volumes One and Two . You should be excited for me. Isn't Michael Miller a great friend?

 High Life by Counting Crows Such a life Such a life Such a life All my friends got flowers in their eyes But I got none this season All of last year's blooms have gone and died Time doesn't give a reason Hey maybe you ask yourself sometimes what you need to be forgiven Every thing that you've ever done wrong is the reason that I'm driven Straight to tears Waiting here for you Wanting to tell you How I get me ends and my beginings mixed up too Just the way you do I thought if I told you You might want to stay for just another day or two It's just like answers that come in small packages that go in the mail Waiting for the trains that just never come Beginning to believe in The disappearing nature of the people we have been We have begun to change Into the worst kind of people So unkind oh apologies No apologies This apology doesn't describe The way it feels to feel for you Waiting here for you Wanting to tell you How I find myself slowly disappearing too Just the way you do I thought if I told you You might want to help me to remain with you I just wanna stay for a little while I wanna stay for a little while Oh, come on, come on, come on, come on Cause there's a night life just falling down on me I just feel like a change But in the sun of summer a sea of flowers Won't bloom without the rain But oh this desert life, this high life Here at the dying of the day I wasn't made for the scene, baby But I was made in this scene, baby It's just my way I don't wanna go home alone I wanna come on home to you Waiting here for you Wanting to tell you How I line my sky with all the silver I can get Just the way you do I thought if I told you You might want to stay for just another day or two Isn't that just like disappearing into the sum of yourself and the person you are disappearing into it's like one plus one equals nothing at all one plus two equals nothing at all one plus me equals nothing at all one plus you equals one plus you equals you and you and you and you and nothing at all nothing at all

 Typical Morning About two hours before I actually plan to get up I wake up sneezing. It's a round of about 8 sneezes. urlLink Jeremy says, "Bless You", faithfully after each one. We both lay our heads down again and go return to our precious slumber. I hate that I wake him up. Sorry about that.

 If I told you I was listening to country would you hold it against me? If so, you should try growing up. I grew up on this music. In grades 5-9 I became a huge fan and held visions of one day being a country singer. I even submitted a tape into this contest, The Jimmy Dean Country Music Showdown. One time I won front row seats and backstage passes to see Confederate Railroad. I took this girl I had a crush on. She didn't even like country much, but thought it would be neat to go. At the onset of 9th grade I went with my sister, brother-in-law and a couple of their friends to CountryFest in Atlanta. She had got the ticket for me. Sometime during that year I recognized that 'country wasn't cool' anymore. Being the impressionable youth that I was I began to distance myself from it. In a way I guess I was distancing myself from those in school who were most closely associated with it because for them it seemed to be about fundamentalism and field parties. I began to declare to myself and others, "I hate country." I almost started to believe it but still could be found occassionally enjoying some twang. It was in 10th grade that I got my first cd player. All my country was on cassette. The same Christmas that I got the cd player my aunt and uncle bought me a Toby Keith cd. That kinda offended me. I wondered what gave them the impression that I liked that. Hmm, maybe it was my whole life to that point. Maybe. I took the receipt that they so graciously supplied and exchanged that Toby Keith for Beck's Odelay . Slowly but surely, I've gotten back around to listening to it. Getting into folk/roots rock to the likes of Counting Crows,James Taylor,The Wallflowers, Springsteen and Dylan was a major factor in bringing me back. More recently I've become a fan of alt-country thanks to Ryan Adams. With all of these bands I saw a great respect for country acts, a kind of respect close-minded high schoolers were incapable of. That peaked my interest a bit more and opened me up for tuning my ear to country again. To prove my individuality and that I'm not bound by other's opinions I've picked up a cd or two of it within the last two or three years. Still, I was afraid to search through it and find the really good stuff. As with any breed of music there's much country not to be liked, but there are also many gems out there. What can I say? I love music. I'm almost positive I'll never be big into hardcore or opera, but that doesn't mean I lack respect either. Last night I bought a Keith Whitley album. He's always stood out to me as more genuine than most are in this genre. I hear his heart in many of the lines he writes. A few of them only add a slide guitar to the same singer/songwriter styled tunes I've come to know and love. What turns me off to country is that it often seems to be just a show, and not real people with real feelings. Keith Whitley doesn't do that. People walk in the room here and hear what I'm listening to and give me weird looks. Mike said, "I gotta go." I think its funny. I'm off to class. Later.

 Coward Eye Be prepared to see the change of hands shake your feet and lose the dirt from your cleats this is me we're looking through this is the changing of shoes you've got rhythm and blues in the way you close your mouth in the way that you get out taking me with you and leaving me here fear is darkness washing over all that's clean I'm on a mean streak kicking dirt on the clean freak with words so dismal It promotes the dismissal of wisdom and the admission of guilt The lampshade is raised to a sunshine day the blinds are blades but we cut through such shame pierce my coward eye with this blinding light that comes in from outside together we fall cause all in all you walk the beat and I play in the street hoping you'll arrest me.

 Joke A calvinist walks into a bar. A lame non-reformed guy says, "Ha ha, that was predestined." Inspired by urlLink Rich .

 Missing Pieces, pt.3 I'm just getting in from the road. I've been on it for almost 12 hours. A friend needed a ride home and so being as loving as she is Donna offered. I offered to go and make sure she stayed awake. I realized tonight how to put into words a fear I have. With travelling I often feel claustrophobic. The truth that once I've hit the road I've subjected myself to be in the car for the following several hours and then the return trip makes me feel trapped. Can any of you relate to this? Overall it wasn't a bad trip. The hardest part was the last hour and a half. Even though Donna instructed me to do so I couldn't just go to sleep. Sleeping ain't easy on the road, only in class. Besides if I had gone to sleep I wouldn't have done my job in keeping her awake. Okay so I did get a nap in, that's not the point. I'm tired now and it seems I'd go right to sleep but I thought I'd drop a note here first. I started telling stories. This and the occassional slap on the face kept us conscious. The main character was Chris Lasseter, the closest thing I had to an older brother in high school and my youth minister at the A.U.M.C. The main point was that I miss him a lot and regret that we hardly even stay connected anymore. I'm envious of Amanda Ready ,who was also in our youth group, because she gets to intern with him now. I envy that. I know I say this a lot but there are parts of my life I want to relive, or at least not forget. I've never been a guy who exists only in the good ol' days. In fact I'm usually quite the opposite. Sometimes Graceville begins to feel to me like all I've ever known. I've grown so much in the two and a half years I've been here that I'm not sure if the years before even count as 'me'. I'm not sure which parts, but there are parts I wish I could keep. Life is a collection of ten thousand piece puzzles. Each puzzle is a mere piece of the entire puzzle that is my life. Pieces from past years won't fit in this season. I shouldn't force them. I should instead appreciate how it all forms the image that is my life, a masterpiece created by God. I'm telling you He's holding the box lid.

 Out of The Wilderness Another semester approaches its end. I fear graduating stupid. I've learned a lot, but its been more miss than hit. I'm afraid to graduate with a major in something I'm all but clueless about. I'll learn as I go sure, but it feels like I've wasted three and a half years. This has been the best semester yet. I've experienced a spiritual revival. This is the kind of thing I've longed for for the past few years. I've prayed prayers of repentance, many of which were genuine, but only recently has it all started to come together. For once I've started to have motivation. I care. I've been planning for several weeks to blog an explanation of all that God has done in me this season. I hope to get to that soon. There are so many little lessons that I want to share with you. I'm out of the wilderness. No longer am I trying to quinch my thirst on a cactus of desert spirituality. I'm living life more abundantly. Now I've only a few weeks left. I've got deadlines approaching and many long since past. I suppose the trick is to plug my new found motivation into movement. My laziness doesn't disprove the change, but it does lessen the testimony. I don't know where I will be tomorrow, but today I am here. This is my situation. This is the day that the Lord has made. I want all the circumstantial evidence of my character and actions to exalt God on High. It is only by grace that we are saved but laziness is not a virtue. Movement starts now with one foot in front of the other.

 Rock 'n' Roll is a Weird Story I really appreciate Michael Miller. He's a good guy. At least once or more a week he and I eat dinner together. We talk about music a lot. We share music. He regularly gives me some little known factoid about the history of Rock especially of the late 60s and 70s, specifically Beatles trivia. He's the campus rep for the fan club. One night he was telling me how Elton John helped save John and Yoko's marriage. I commented, "Rock 'n' Roll is a weird story." It really is, you know?

 Consider Him Disowned.

 I Hate When People Talk During The Movie still. life is being stirred silence the baby hasn't heard don't move a muscle and don't say a word stay out of trouble move along with the herd I said silence don't sweep your dust under my rug your silent treatment is better than love shh... hold your breathe and count on it wish real hard and chew the bit shh... not a word you can have my shirt just keep what you heard

 Fair Essentials Donna and I went to the National Peanut Festival on Thursday night. I wanted to share with her the 'fair essentials' as I call them. She had never had boiled peanuts before. She had never 'lived'. I had to fix that. We shared an elephant ear and a coke. We had a good time, but I'm still horrified at the absence of the double ferris wheel, my favorite ride and a cornerstone of the fairgrounds. We're going back today to take Josh, my ten year old brother. No matter how much he annoys me, the kid ought to go to the fair. Missing it is almost as bad as missing Christmas. He better be good or I'm disowning him.

 Saturday class ain't so bad. I was trotting to class ten minutes late praying that I'd be in time for the quiz. To my surprise I walked up to a few guys studying on the park benches outside the room. I sat and reviewed with them. For some unknown reason our teacher couldn't be there today. We only had the quiz to take and we were free to go. I think I did pretty good. Last week I used one of my three absences. Nope, Saturday class ain't bad at all.

 Historical Society of Two we've got a history the clock has ticked the ground's been slicked we can't walk two steps in a row have we gone as far as we can go? are our steps in circles? is this a carousel? have I only been fooled to think I'm seeing the world? I can't tell me from you is that because everything's blurred? you can't just hang up the phone we've been on too long I won't disconnect this call that's the operator's job but if you should hang up on me I'll have no choice but believe it is all history.

 Something's Gone Terribly Wrong I forgot to blog yesterday. This ended my record-setting 46 day streak of consecutively posting. I may soon take a leave of absence to collect my thoughts (or maybe just to be dramatic).

 Get-Rich Scheme I told Justin the other night,"I don't need a get-rich-quick scheme, all I'm asking for is a get-rich scheme." Then that night I went to the library's book sale. I bought 5 brand new high grade textbooks for a buck each. My plan is to resale these on urlLink E-bay . If I sell them at a low price of 5 dollars each, I'll make a 45 dollar profit. When I thought of this I realized, "I want to be a professional buyer and seller of stuff." This is my new ambition.

 Poke Rolls and Grits -or- Tears for Breakfast I got up this morning, here at my parent's house, and found a great big box of Rice Krispies. I got very excited about this. Minutes later after collecting the energy to chew I decided to go ahead and eat. Upon opening the fridge I found vitamin D milk. This is definetly not my favorite, but I could work with it. Then I saw the date was four days ago. That hurt. Then I found a little carton of skim milk. "Yay!", I thought, but oh no! It expired Halloween. No cereal for me. I know it's okay to cry. Maybe on the way home I can get a crossan'wich.

 Delilah Works at Master Cuts, pt. 2/ The Pepsi Man is Loud, pt. 2 It's been almost two months since urlLink that beast cut my hair and thankfully its almost back like it was. You know urlLink Leila , I could urlLink kick the Pepsi man all over town. I'm not convicted against it. Besides, since we have Coke in the machine too I drink that anyway.

 Life Lessons and Other Hard Truths #2 Today in Old Testament I observed that Dr. Lee has humongous ears. They are half the size of his entire head. If, in chapel, I ever hear him sing, "I'll Fly Away" I'll bust up laughing. Disclaimer: This post was in no way meant to be deffamatory of my dear professor.

 Blue by The Jayhawks Where have all my friends gone They've all disappeared Turned around maybe one day You're all that was there Stood by on believing Stood by on my own Always thought I was someone Turned out I was wrong You brought me through And you made me feel Chorus: So Blue Why don't you stay behind So Blue Why don't you stop and look at what's going down Lived by an old woman She'd never sell me a lie It's hard to sing with someone Who won't sing with you Give all of my mercy Give all of my heart Never thought that I'd miss you That I'd miss you so much You brought me through And you made me feel All my life (Stand by) I've waited for (Stand by) Someone I (Waiting round) Could show the door (Now, that Im blue) But nothing seems to change (That Im blue from now on) You've come back into my arms So Blue Why don't you stay behind So Blue Why dont you. Why dont you stay behind. So Blue Why dont you. Why dont you stay behind. So Blue Why don't you stop and look at what's going down

 Cliques Suck! Are you absolutely sure that your circle of friends isn't in actuality a clique?

 Palm Tree Anybody know anything about Palm Pilots? I'd like to buy one this week. It would be very helpful for my urlLink NaNoWriMo quest.

 Call Me By Name Hey lookie there, Eye Level comes up twentieth on a search for urlLink Chase .

 That Other Guy I feel bad for that other guy. You know who I'm talking about. In Bill and Ted it was Keanu Reeves and that other guy. On CHiPS , we know that Erik Estrada played Ponch but who played that other guy? I could look it up but that wouldn't be the point. That other guy has also starred alongside such *greats as John Travolta in Grease and Gerald McRaney in Simon and Simon . *I'm not insisting that these are greats. Also,I know it was Jeff Conaway of Taxi fame who played Kenicki,but I don't think most people do.

 Sweeping Up My Lazy Bones It's sad when you are so lazy that: when you get an email about making $150 an hour, your first and only thought is, I could go working a couple hours a month. Anyway, November is going to be insane. Here's to writing a novel,learning time management,catching up and concluding the semester. In October I set a new goal for total posts in one month with 67. Before this the record stood at 57. Don't expect me to be blogging that much this month. I'm officially about to start freaking out. The games have begun and the clock is ticking on 50,000 words.

 This Will Be My Year by Semisonic Thursday's crush is a Friday night rush And a Monday morning cry It's the tail that you keep chasing And it gets away every time New Years Eve and it's hard to believe Another Zodiac's gone around While you drank yourself high on hoping And watched the ceiling spin from the ground Counting down from ten it's time To make your annual prayer Secret Santa in the sky When will I get my share Then you tell yourself What you want to hear Cause you have to believe This will be my year Pound your fist and cross it off your list But you know you're not that strong When the man at the stop light catches you Singing along to a brand new song Well maybe it's Trash or the overnight smash that brings a Ship crashing through your wall So you can make your grand departure From a world getting way too small One wheel in the ditch another Spinning in the air Put your pedal down to the floorboards but you're not Getting anywhere Then you tell yourself What you want to hear Cause you have to believe This will be my year

 Joy Surfaced There once was a boy who kicked through mud puddles and cried in the rain. It was not like him to be sad, but he had been for quite some time. Even in sadness he searched for joy. Then while walking one day he saw a sky filled with clouds. Somehow this reminded him of all that made him happy and of who he was. He hadn't been himself. He took rolls and rolls of cloud pictures. This bored most of his friends, but that was okay. His passion was renewed. His art was alive again and so was he, maybe more than he ever had been before. Joy had surfaced. It's raining here today and I'm glad I know how to look at the sky now. Joy found me.

 Four Banners Four banners were hanging at the front of the First Baptist Church today. From left to right they read: Hope, Peace, Joy and Love. I started meditating on them. Hope is in what He will do. Peace is in what He has done. Joy is in what He is doing. Love is in all that He does. The hope, peace and joy that we experience result from His love. These four are magnificently interwoven. These four are proven again and again, cyclically. It is quite difficult to separate these four. Hope once fulfilled is peace. In turn, our peace is evidence that our hope is not in vain. These four are not void. God has established them, however we experience them according to time. Peace and joy are the two most difficult for me to distinguish between. I suppose the difference is this: Peace is that God has calmed the sea and joy is the ongoing act of the sea being calmed. Still, these two best define each other. They go hand in hand. Joy, peace and hope are the present,past,and future tense of God's movement in history. In the sense that God is love, love is the foundation of all of these. Without love they would be empty.

 If a busy day is a good day, then this has been a great week. It truly has been. I thank God for it.

 Aluminum Man if you only knew the consequence of your waste you'd be filled with vomit or at least the taste you build me up buttercup and make wrath of grapes but who am I to judge you I'm just a garbageman slave

 Besides, Who Would Caddy? The man who compartmentalizes his religion hopes for golf in heaven. His ego worries about crowns and castles. The man who is truly humbled in the sight of the Lord is completely pleased with the notion of eternity with his savior. He's made whole in One.

 We Still Need Our Mommies, pt. 4 urlLink Pt. 3 is here . After years of toil urlLink Jeremy urlLink , Rich and I have been approved by the housing authority and given an apartment. Just in the nick of time too, we have to be outta this joint by the first. Here's to no more dorm life...which was the only other thing I wanted for Christmas.

 Communion Prayer As this grape juice and bread settle I pray that you would always remain in my system. Be as present as the blood in my veins. Be more recognizable than my own face.

 Hark the herald angels sing Glory to the new born king Peace on earth and mercy mild God and sinners reconciled Joyful all ye nations rise join the triumph of the skies with angelic host proclaim Christ is born in Bethlehem Hark the herald angels sing Glory to the new born king Hail the heaven-born prince of peace hail the son of righteousness Light and life to all he brings Risen with healing in his wings Mild he lays his glory by born that man no more may die born to raise the sons of earth born to give them second birth

 Our Differences "Christmas is the one day of the year when we set aside our differences and come together in a spirit of peace and joy and love and tranquility." We've all heard that too many times. I've been thinking about that this week. Differences merely set aside still exist. Basically, this act of setting aside differences is what scholars call pretending. If all man does is fake love and togetherness one day a year then the entire meaning of Christmas is lost. The world heralds love, joy, and peace as the reasons for the season. They are only the results of knowing The Christ who was born. There's a bad guy in the Bible called the Anti-Christ. He'll come claiming to bring love, joy and peace. Most people are going to believe him. Most people will probably get warm and tingly and lovey dovey inside. Scripture clearly teaches that he is a liar and a destroyer. Christ offers us an abundant life. He came so that we wouldn't have to convince ourselves that we are happy, but instead that we would be filled with joy. He gives us a real hope, one that doesn't wish upon a star or make believe. Ideally, the christian will celebrate Christmas and Easter everyday, truly worshipping the God who saves. That won't usually be the case, but that is the ideal and the goal which we should strive toward. You who are called by His name are not empty. Don't spend Christmas like you are.

 Children... For once I got my little brother to admit that he talks just to hear himself talk. He doesn't understand the propensities of that statement. You heard it here first.

 The Coliseum I will resist the urge to tell you the words that have come so naturally You are lovely and through you I know more what love is and should be My back breaks and its all I could take if your heart were not in my chest Crowds in Coliseums share with us their opinions on how or if we should dance People in parachute pants tell us the future is digitally enhanced and I wonder if somehow they are wrong, maybe they have been all along Maybe the news printed from rumor mills is nothing more than lies maybe the people in situation comedies will go on to successful lives but if you ask me I think the third world war will take most of the sets One hot summer day a light year away well recall our frivolous fear of the dark I never knew that it was dark, never even noticed until he pointed out the stars but maybe I spent these years denying the gut feeling that left me hungry for hope Crowds in Coliseums applaud the gladiators consumption by flame jumping beasts He who laughs last laughs hardest and the greatest will be made the least Ive never asked for this freedom, no really, I mean it you can have it back People in parachute pants have many opinions and Im not sure how they fit in them Out-of-work actors get caught up with the wrong crowd and break every injustice limb everyone does everything "in the name of love", but selfishness is hatred I will resist the urge to tell you those words that always come naturally but dont expect me not to live like it, though you dont hear it verbally I can bite my tongue all day long, but truth can't be subdued by teeth

 Merry Christmas To Me I got urlLink Jed to sign up for urlLink BMG . Tonight I ordered my resulting free cd's: Bob Dylan, urlLink Highway 61 Revisited James Taylor, urlLink Sweet Baby James The Velvet Underground, urlLink Best Of The Velvet Underground Uncle Tupelo, urlLink 89/93: An Anthology Wilco, urlLink Summer Teeth All I pay is one low price of 15.00 for S&H, plus tax. And our parents said the club was a scam.

 Waking Life I'd like to dream urlLink that movie tonight.

 I believe that God causes loose change to be deposited in the dayroon couches for those who are willing to look.

 "Silence" by Blindside They won't see The fire you have lit inside of me They look up to the stars And wonder where you might be They look up without realizing That they're standing right there in the palm of your hand I can't explain or understand I just love You It's common knowledge That you've been dead for a while It's well known that the cross is only a burden With pains and trials But then again how come my shoes are so light How come I can walk for miles And still just love You So I think I'll stay Caught up in a silent prayer I believe in silence Our hearts speak the same word So why don't we just walk along The shoreline with a silent song Cause I believe in Silence Our hearts speak the same word We have to prove That our love is real over and over again But let them think what they want I know it will never end Because I know where it began And my heart still heart still pounds twice as fast Whenever you walk by Cause I still love you So I think I'll stay...

 Dorm Noise Through the wall I hear Weezer's "Hash Pipe" mixed with a vacuum that keeps hitting the wall. From the hall I can hear something hardcore. I bet it's coming from urlLink Rich's room. Meanwhile, I've been listening to the alt-country stylings of The Jayhawks. At least today Three Doors Down or Creed aren't part of the mix. No complaints, but I really hope we get that apartment.

 Bookends This semester started and ended in almost the same way. It was early August. I had been expecting urlLink Jeremy to arrive back from summer. I had been casually cleaning the room, going through and throwing away much that I had kept for years. Through the blinds I saw his car pull up. Frantically, I made a mad dash to clean before he got in. It took him a few. When he did walk in, I had managed to move all of my stuff from what would be his side of the room. You see, I had lived alone for the summer and previous semester. I wanted to make a good go at this. He came in and all was well. He was very happy that I wasn't a clean freak. Was there ever any doubt? At that point I still had work to finish for the class I had taken an incomplete in. I never finished the work and the I became an F. Earlier this week I was struggling to get work for this semester turned in. In case I had forgotten I was reminded what an F actually looks (and feels) like. Today I had been casually getting up for an hour. I had put Who's Next on loud. I was continuing my cleaning efforts. He began to move stuff to his car. My cleaning had consisted of throwing laundry piles on top of my bed, much as I had done the day he moved in. Then we said "see ya in January." It kinda seems like bookends. I'm not in the same place. I've never made it this far before. I'm changing.

 When do the idiots get raptured? " urlLink Bible Code II: The Countdown starts with 9/11 and counts down to Armageddon. For 3000 years a code in the Bible remained hidden. Now it has been unlocked by computer, and it reveals events that happened thousands of years after the Bible was written. Often world-shaking events are predicted in advance -- and then happen exactly as foretold. Do we really have only years to survive? Or can the Bible code help save our world? Can we use it to change our future? This is the thrilling sequel to the #1 bestseller that shook the world." So, no I don't believe in Bible Code. Wanna fight? I'm joking. I wouldn't want to hurt my knuckles.

 Question Is it in any way un-American to use a parcel service in place of the Postal Service?

 I just got 2 bucks for 5 packs of ramen and some old microwaveable popcorn. College makes for a crazy economy,and I love it.

 Question When in the dentist's chair do you keep your eyes opened or closed?

 The Talker, pt. 2 In August I met The Talker in a half-hour of solitude at Burger King. urlLink Perhaps you remember . He went on and on about his dog. His dog was apparently smarter than Lassie. He had trained the dog to do a lot of weird things, like kiss people and pucker up at passing girls. The guy made some intrinsic connection between the dog and Jesus' second coming. Whacked out to say the least. Last week I saw him again. I was standing with Donna in line at Wal-Mart. From the corner of my eye I saw him. His face registered just as I heard his voice. I looked at Donna and said very ecstaticly, "It's him. Remember 'The Talker' from my 8/17 post? It's him!" He stood there talking to the cashier. He stood there telling her all the bizarre tidbits of information just like he had told the girl at Burger King. It was one of the weirdest things ever. It was like the merging of two planes of reality or something. I looked around for Rod Serling. Things like this only happen on television, or so I thought.

 Christmas Mitch "A severed foot is the ultimate stocking stuffer." -Mitch Hedberg

 I'm So Envious urlLink Rich Met Forrest Gump!

 Priests and Paramedics by Pedro the Lion Paramedics brave and strong Up before the break of dawn Putting poker faces on Broken bodies all day long The neighbors heard a fight Someone had a knife It must have been the wife Husband's lost a lot of blood He wakes up screaming "Oh my god, am I gonna die? Am I gonna die?" As they strapped his arms down to his sides At times like these they'd been taught to lie "Buddy just calm down, you'll be alright" Several friends came to his grave His children were so well-behaved As the priest got up to speak The assembly craved relief But he himself had given up So instead he offered them this bitter cup "You're gonna die, we're all gonna die Could be twenty years, could be tonight Lately I have been wondering why We go to so much trouble to postpone the unavoidable And prolong the pain of being alive"

 And it was graduation day. Friday the 13th was here and gone and it seems to me that no one noticed. I didn't until today. Did you?

 Did I Miss My Exit? don't pat me on the back I've been cut too much slack don't pat me on the back it ain't that easy to feel better but I feel better knowing its not that easy just to feel good solid feelings are hard to come by some say, feel good you smile feel bad you cry oh, the logic of our lives don't pat me on the back I've taken a twenty-one year nap I stubbed my toe while walking in my sleep I only cried cause it hurt me but now I'm awake I'm nowhere It took me this long to learn how to care it took me a lifetime to make it there I should have asked for directions. please forgive me for my wasted days please forgive me for my wasted days please don't pat me on the back it's like a slap in the face.

 Goodnight, Smith Hall I hear the low murmur of alarm clocks echoing down the dorm hall. No noise could be more pleasant after pulling an all-nighter. No sound will be sweeter until that of me resting my head on a soft, soft pillow. Until then this is my victory song. Until then...

 Dr. Jack Cunningham is one of my favorite people. In his office today he offered both sound wisdom and encouragement. I talked to him about bombing his class and others this semester. One thing he said was, "Don't kick yourself. Time spent kicking yourself is time misspent."

 If you comment a lot I'll feel better about blowing this whole semester.

 Somewhere, deep in the recesses of the mind there are baby hamster's on the wheels of thought. My hamsters are napping right now.

 I'm going to pretend the lack of comments is only because its finals week and not because I'm excessively lame.

 Why I still don't believe in trees that talk continued from previous post Returning Guest Star: urlLink The Pirate pirate of Berlin: give me your definition of worldview pirate of Berlin: and i'll be right back dobler 34: hmm dobler 34: i posted the first part of this dobler 34: "i don't believe in trees that talk." pirate of Berlin: haha pirate of Berlin: okay dobler 34: worldview: one's belief system by which they view all of life through dobler 34: through which..not by which...drop through off end dobler 34: nevermind pirate of Berlin: okay i'm trying to word this right pirate of Berlin: so you agree pirate of Berlin: worldview basically is what you see as truth in the world? pirate of Berlin: in other words dobler 34: no pirate of Berlin: wait dobler 34: its how you see everything dobler 34: worldview is all encompassing pirate of Berlin: if your worldview consisted of ghosts exisitng, and mine did not, a blown open door would be explained by you as a ghost and by me as the wind pirate of Berlin: is that what you mean by worldview dobler 34: yes pirate of Berlin: okay pirate of Berlin: so you believe you cannot go against your worldview when you write? dobler 34: hmm, tricky... pirate of Berlin: if you say you can't, then what was wrong with mr. baum? pirate of Berlin: and if you say you can, then worldview does not affect fiction dobler 34: you done gone and pulled a fast one pirate of Berlin: hahaha pirate of Berlin: woohoo! dobler 34: I don't think its quite that simple dobler 34: but pirate of Berlin: you better blog this too pirate of Berlin: haha dobler 34: you have given me something to think on dobler 34: you know I love a series pirate of Berlin: yeah i know dobler 34: I'm not sure what to say dobler 34: remember Larry Harley? pirate of Berlin: yep pirate of Berlin: haha dobler 34: a person could write the sentence: Michael Jackson is my favorite solo artist. dobler 34: but that doesn't mean they believe that dobler 34: I agree with that part dobler 34: but dobler 34: I could never say that fiction is completely separated from worldview pirate of Berlin: why not dobler 34: because worldview is the reason you'd decide to write a book in the first place dobler 34: it could be as simple as this dobler 34: in your worldview you think you can dupe everyone into buying this crapload story you write dobler 34: so you go and write dobler 34: your worldview is the explanation for your motivation dobler 34: like it or not pirate of Berlin: okay here you go pirate of Berlin: i'm trying to think of how to put this pirate of Berlin: hang on pirate of Berlin: you think the various authors of the bible's motivation for writing was their worldview? dobler 34: their motivation was God. pirate of Berlin: right dobler 34: the explanation of that motivation was their worldview, dobler 34: I think that's it. pirate of Berlin: if a guy comes up to you, and puts a gun to your head and tells you to write a story pirate of Berlin: are you motivated by worldview? dobler 34: yes dobler 34: if part of your worldview is survival( of the fittest) dobler 34: you will do whatever it takes to live pirate of Berlin: ooh good one dobler 34: if dobler 34: you are consumed by God as is the goal of our faith dobler 34: you will die gladly a martyr dobler 34: haha pirate of Berlin: and you'll write about it pirate of Berlin: okay pirate of Berlin: you go get something to eat, and your motivation is hunger, but your hunger has nothing to do with what you eat dobler 34: you'd eat plastic? pirate of Berlin: you can't write with numbers chase dobler 34: if supplies are there wouldn't you eat that which would be most satisfying dobler 34: its like the reason people drink gatorade over windex pirate of Berlin: in a ficticious world, i could eat plastic and drink windex dobler 34: but if in your worldview windex is actually good for you and the chemical warnings are just gov't conspiracies...maybe you'll drink it pirate of Berlin: don't forget we're talking about fiction here dobler 34: since when? pirate of Berlin: um pirate of Berlin: the topic of the discussion was, is fiction influenced by worldview pirate of Berlin: read what you blogged dobler 34: I got that part dobler 34: but dobler 34: we were also discussing the effect world view has pirate of Berlin: on fiction dobler 34: on the reality dobler 34: you are the brother of lies dobler 34: just kidding pirate of Berlin: um, no pirate of Berlin: haha pirate of Berlin: so do we agree that worldview does not influence fiction? dobler 34: I do not concede, brother. pirate of Berlin: ooh pirate of Berlin: you dirty mongrel dobler 34: the explanation of this worldview of mine is of course tricky pirate of Berlin: oh i saw that coming pirate of Berlin: haha dobler 34: I agree that you can write something you don't agree with.... dobler 34: ex: Jed is cool dobler 34: but pirate of Berlin: you punk dobler 34: in ways that man may never be able to understand worldview effects fiction dobler 34: it wouldn't be written without it. pirate of Berlin: blah i knew you would do that dobler 34: I'm such a calvinist. dobler 34: hahahaahaha pirate of Berlin: yeah well at least we know what we're talking about pirate of Berlin: haha dobler 34: a good thing too, cause God thinks your crazy dobler 34: (for the record I'm not a calvinist. but I play one on tv.) pirate of Berlin: i assume that's a fictional show, so tell me - does your worldview affect it? pirate of Berlin: obviously not, cause you're not reformed dobler 34: haha dobler 34: good one dobler 34: smooth moves, exlax pirate of Berlin: are you gonna blog all this pirate of Berlin: haha dobler 34: yes pirate of Berlin: sweet pirate of Berlin: i look forward to reading it all again dobler 34: you think the kids will like it? pirate of Berlin: i hope so pirate of Berlin: this will get me back in the saddle in blogland (time lapses, much unrelated conversation) pirate of Berlin: are you still going to blog all of this? dobler 34: I'll think about it. dobler 34: I'll have to consult my worldview pirate of Berlin: you're gonna consult my fist pirate of Berlin: it's gonna be so long pirate of Berlin: haha pirate of Berlin: this is great pirate of Berlin: aim conversation blogs are the absolute best Go visit urlLink The Pirate for his side of the story and much, much more.

 Why I don't believe in trees that talk. Special Guest: urlLink The Pirate . pirate of Berlin: i didn't know the wizard of oz claimed to be the gospel dobler 34: it didn't pirate of Berlin: oh dobler 34: The Brick Road seems to represent The Way. pirate of Berlin: wow pirate of Berlin: nothing against you, but i think it's funny how christians automatically think they have to compare everything to the bible or the life of christ or the gospel or something dobler 34: what was the wow for? pirate of Berlin: it was just me realizing what i just said dobler 34: scripture is that which everything else should be judged by pirate of Berlin: i know pirate of Berlin: judged and compared to are two different things however dobler 34: i don't think its wrong to compare pirate of Berlin: i didn't say it was dobler 34: just saying pirate of Berlin: i just think it's funny pirate of Berlin: i know you are pirate of Berlin: and i'm not saying it's wrong or anything you know pirate of Berlin: i'm just noticing something pirate of Berlin: that's all pirate of Berlin: i think the wizard of oz is a good story pirate of Berlin: and that's it dobler 34: yeah pirate of Berlin: i don't know pirate of Berlin: i don't think of things like that dobler 34: nothing against you pirate of Berlin: unless it's really obvious pirate of Berlin: like the matrix dobler 34: but dobler 34: i'm not a part of some big religious sect dobler 34: that dobler 34: does this dobler 34: i just enjoy it, it's called interpretation pirate of Berlin: i know dobler 34: i didn't even say it meant that dobler 34: but it is religiously confused. no doubt pirate of Berlin: it just seems like a tearing down and critiquing of something that was interpreted wrong in the first place dobler 34: oh ok dobler 34: its not that pirate of Berlin: i think the point of the story is just to um pirate of Berlin: go for it you know? pirate of Berlin: make yourself pirate of Berlin: i don't know pirate of Berlin: i'd have to think about it for a while dobler 34: your going to hate the books i'm going to write pirate of Berlin: haha pirate of Berlin: but i'll still buy them pirate of Berlin: and then i'll call you from touring on the road and be like "dude!" pirate of Berlin: what is this!?! pirate of Berlin: haha dobler 34: i'm not mad but i think your taking me the wrong way about it pirate of Berlin: darth vader does not represent satan! pirate of Berlin: haha dobler 34: i'm not saying down with the wiz...or even whiz on the wiz pirate of Berlin: i know pirate of Berlin: haha pirate of Berlin: i know exactly what you're doing pirate of Berlin: i know you're not trying to get us to boycott the oz dobler 34: i just thought of it while watching the movie dobler 34: i am pretty sure the movie is just a story dobler 34: although it is clearly influenced by humanist ideals dobler 34: not that the writer frank l. baum intended it so. pirate of Berlin: i'm not so sure if ideals should be allowed to enter the realm of fiction pirate of Berlin: obviously there would be chaos but it would make it easier just to read to me if you weren't thinking, oh well that's not right pirate of Berlin: cause that's why it's fiction pirate of Berlin: to me now, not you i know dobler 34: jed, what i'm saying is this-worldview affects everything. if mr baum was humanist that would come out in what he wrote. i am not saying that he intended it. he may or may not have. dobler 34: fiction is not immune dobler 34: this isn't an argument dobler 34: sorry if it feels like that pirate of Berlin: i know it's not an argument pirate of Berlin: it doesn't feel like it pirate of Berlin: i'm enjoying it pirate of Berlin: i haven't had an intellignet conversation in a while pirate of Berlin: but i'll have you know i'm not done defending myself pirate of Berlin: haha dobler 34: i just get the feeling that you think i'm just one of those weird fundamentalist christians...who says down with a lot of worldly things...especially fantasy...movies and books pirate of Berlin: no no pirate of Berlin: i know you're not pirate of Berlin: dangit dobler 34: i don't really think you do, but it felt like you might pirate of Berlin: if you were like that why would you own moveis pirate of Berlin: movies* dobler 34: cause i can be inconsistent if i'm that retarded pirate of Berlin: i'm thinking down on you right now about as much as i think down on you because you're not reformed pirate of Berlin: zero dobler 34: i'm not reformed i'm reformatted and printer friendly pirate of Berlin: haha pirate of Berlin: an assumption of a possibility as a fact irrespective of the question of its truth pirate of Berlin: that's the definition of fiction pirate of Berlin: regardless of truth or what you think is or even what could be pirate of Berlin: and that means worldview dobler 34: but that fiction is a part of our world. pirate of Berlin: no it's not pirate of Berlin: our world is truth dobler 34: yes, it is. pirate of Berlin: our world is real pirate of Berlin: fiction is invented dobler 34: light bulbs are a part of our world, pirate of Berlin: feigned from the imagination dobler 34: they are invented dobler 34: but even inventions of the imagination are part of our world...and effect it pirate of Berlin: the world is concrete pirate of Berlin: thoughts are abstract pirate of Berlin: there's a difference pirate of Berlin: i'm afraid to say the light bulb's shape would not have been different, had thomas edison believed in christ either pirate of Berlin: haha dobler 34: yes there is a difference...but the world is not merely concrete pirate of Berlin: that was just a joke dobler 34: it is both spirit and flesh, no? dobler 34: davinci was a christian pirate of Berlin: are you speaking of the biblical "world"? dobler 34: I'm speaking of the world by the best understanding that I have...keeping in mind that there are a few definitions dobler 34: that one seems to fit this discussion the best, I think. pirate of Berlin: okay pirate of Berlin: but if it was taken from a different position, do you feel the outcome could be different? pirate of Berlin: if so, then that means worldview affects whether or not worldview affects fiction pirate of Berlin: but that's beside the point dobler 34: uh pirate of Berlin: just ignore that pirate of Berlin: that was a ramble pirate of Berlin: haha pirate of Berlin: i don't believe in trees that talk pirate of Berlin: but i could write a story about it dobler 34: you should dobler 34: but Jed dobler 34: that's been done dobler 34: remember the movie that started this debate? pirate of Berlin: yeah shut up pirate of Berlin: i'll be back on in a bit pirate of Berlin: i gotta go home pirate of Berlin signed off at 11:58:20 PM. What do you think? Stay Tuned for the dramatic conclusion

 Ignore The Man Behind That Curtain The Wizard of Oz is the single most religiously confused movie ever. First, Dorothy consults a gypsy psychic. Later she wakes up in this weird acid dream called Oz. This movie makes the claim that witches can be good, hmm, suspicious. It sounds to me like a possible plea that man is inerrantly good and that sorcery is okay. Soon Dorothy begins her journey down the yellow brick pathway. As we all well know, Straw Man, Tin Can, and the Lion join her and the pup. Each pursues his or her own virtue. Dorothy just wants to make it back to her family and the world she is familiar with (tradition). Scarecrow quests after knowledge. The Tin Man wants to experience the depths of human emotion. The Cowardly Lion wants nothing more than to see himself esteemed above all others. He already has pride but isn't quite aware of it. The Brick Road seems to represent The Way. No one can get to the Wizard but by it; however, each still goes his own way. Weird. When they finally get to the Wizard's place it all becomes smoke and mirrors, well, more clearly. The Wizard keeps changing the requirements. The whole thing stinks of a works based salvation philosophy. The Gang had to defeat the demonic witch on their own, no help from the Wizard. When they finally do this it is revealed that this Wiz is in actuality the gypsy psychic. He's from Kansas. He's a fraud, but because he's a nice man and means well all is forgiven rather easily. Even though the movie is religiously confused as it is, it still shows by contrast the truth of the gospel. Their is only one way and His name is Jesus. He's no fraud and He's not from Kansas. He made Kansas.

 Bringing Out The Dad My dad has had his share of health problems. When I was three cancer was found in the sinuses above his left eye. Since it was '84 technology wasn't what it is today and they had to cut his eye out to get to it. But, hey I got to keep him. He wasn't expected to survive the cancer or even the surgery for that. It was a revolutionary operation in that time. His picture is floating around a lot of medical books. I could list out for you incidents all night, but that isn't the point. Most of my life he has been in pain because of all this. This makes for his disability. Still he's a hard worker, even sometimes when I can tell its killing him. All my life he's opted to do things with the family, even when it brings him pain. When I was a junior in high school they found cancer in his kidney. I had no memory of the first bout. That scared me a lot, but he made it out alive and who's counting kidneys? Last year his gall bladder had to be taken out. I'm sure I'm leaving a lot of even major surgeries out. He has eight foot of scars, the majority of which are from surgeries. You can't keep a good man down. This last year his health has been better than I've ever seen it. He's been able to work as hard as he did before the first cancer. That's awesome to see, to know him like that. Tonight, he said he was in the worst pain he had ever experienced. It was sudden and he couldn't be sure where the pain was exactly, his throat or chest. He thought he might be about to have a heart attack, but none of the symptoms were there. We called a friend of ours who is a liscensed paramedic, Mr. Ray. We met him at the police station. He cranked the ambulance and we four stepped inside. He gave him an EKG. I was not worried. I was calm. Dad was too. The EKG finished and Mr. Ray told us what it said. So there's nothing wrong with his heart. My dad talked about how he feels dying at home asleep is the best way to go. He feels better now. Nothing seems to be wrong. If you think of it, say a little prayer. Either way, I'm assured it's all okay. We told him goodnight and got in the car. I made a point to thank him personally. I always try to do that. Yeah, I'm really glad I got to keep him.

 We drink from the inside of the cup and yet so many people focus on keeping the outside clean.

 bottles and cans Around the room there are a total 17 almost empty cans of Coca-Cola,Mountain Dew,Country Time Lemonade, Dr. Pepper and Pepsi. In addition there are two or three empty IBC root beer bottles, a half full to go cup from Waffle House last week and a 20 oz. bottle. Thought you should know.

 Pigskin People treat their relationship with God like its mere religion. People, in turn, treat religion in the same way that they pick a football team. Most people are fans of whatever team is at the top of the polls. No one is really faithful. Everyone is wishy washy. A football teams success or failure often owes a great debt to its fans. Its statistically true that a team will do better on its home field. Also, if the fans aren't being supporting in a time of crisis the team morale and ball is often dropped. I'm glad God doesn't work like that.

 same ol' song my latest I'm afraid I'm still the same I'm afraid I haven't changed I'm afraid that years from now I'll still be this way I'm afraid I'm a toy whose batteries are dead I'm afraid my visions are neurons in my head.

 My Brain is Mush I I did I did this I did this because I did this because I'm I did this because I'm lame.

 drought I haven't written a poem in 11 days. That's a long time for me. I've been thinking,"What if I could never write another?" It's scary.

 Mad Elephant Me, Donna, my mom and Josh watched Dumbo tonight. It was kinda neat. I think it is one of the most realistic Disney movies. Parts of it remind me of the story of Joseph. Joseph was hated for his fancy coat. Dumbo was hated for his drooping ears. Joseph was sold into slavery by his own brothers. Dumbo was disowned by the elephants who also decided not to call him an elephant anymore. Then at the end both of them proverbially 'flew' away in victory. Sorta. Are these off kilter biblical illustrations? Maybe it's just that I miss Dr. Lee.

 Graceville, FL We're home. I's a tired one. This has been a long day. These have been long days. These have been long and beautiful days, but beauty can be quite exhausting. I'm about to crash in my own bed. I don't care what anyone says about the dorm beds, I've grown quite attached to mine.

 urlLink Which John Cusack Are You? link via urlLink Kathryn Lively

 Blogs4What? An observer might feel that the urlLink blogs4god moderators are full of themselves. I don't think this is the case, but sometimes it has seemed this way. A couple months back a guy simply stated that he felt they had lost their focus. The moderators replied only in their defense, never considering that maybe he had a point. I seem to remember something in the Psalms about how a wise man accepts rebuke, gladly, it is the fool who doesn't. Their response seemed to paint this guy as a fool who spoke too soon. I beg to differ. I believe there are many of us who have felt this way. Scripture teaches that wisdom is in knowing God. Thus, the fool doesn't know Him. I'm not questioning their salvation, I would never go that far. All I'm saying is that by not even considering what this guy had to say they make themselves appear as fools, as though they do not know the truth of God. Now that just goes against the very name of the site. Concerns: 1. About 90% of the time the daily caches seem to consist of the same predictable set of links. This would be acceptable of a mere blog but blogs4God designates itself a web portal, considering that I don't believe this is acceptable. 2. Often the moderators talk as though everyone in the "Christian blogosphere" is indebted to them for their dilligence and for this service they offer. I do not feel I owe them any greater debt of gratitude than I would owe any blogger for that. Most bloggers work hard without even asking for thanks, much less insisting it is deserved. Where's the humility? I'll leave it here for today.

 Easy A Here I am in IT101, our school's basic computer class. This is my third bout with this course. I should explain. 3 years ago I took another version of this class at a community college. I was a lazy bum. I was behind on classes I deemed more important and in the end I was forced to take an incomplete. However, I never went back and completed that work. The great thing about transferring is that any D's or F's are magically erased from your record. Then after transferring to this fine institution I took what was basically the same course. I was a lazy bum, same story, except this time incomplete was not an option and hence I failed outright. Now here I am again. Last week we learned how to use the mouse. Yeah, this is definetly an easy A. It always has been, but I'm not going to be lazy anymore.

 Writer's Block I emptied the ocean where I once swam day and night I splashed and splashed until the ocean was dry So, like a good surfer boy I began the walk to shore and I searched for waves, but there were no more Now there was desert where once had been sea I only had mirages of fading memories Each time that I found the slightest pool of water it absorbed into the sand as the sun grew hotter Then it seemed that the soil and even my brain were completely dehydrated, in dire need of rain And so as time passed it became very clear that I should be happy with one drop, should it appear.

 I Thought It Would be Funny In honor of everyone who's ever used this template, Sandbox at Night by Eliza Wee, I thought I'd do this as a sort of a joke. Eye-Level had been down for about 12 hours and I didn't know how to fix it. The problem seemed to be an error with the template. This is my quick fix. This afternoon Jed is going to create for me the new design I've envisioned. Go see Jed at his new home, urlLink Russian Radio . Tell him Chase sent you. For the record, you wouldn't believe how difficult it is to find a scanner in this town. "...I'm so excited and I just can't hide it..."

 The Author-Centered Approach Dr. Cunningham gave me a copy of urlLink an article today that I found intriguing. In this article Robert Stein, former professor of Southern Seminary said, "I want to know what they [the biblical writers] meant, not treat the biblical text as kind of an inkblot that each one of us, with good imagination, sees something in it." This article discusses an approach to hermenuetics that is author-centered, as opposed to "textus classicus me-centeredus."

 What is good music? I'm glad you asked. I don't have the definition worked out exactly but I can tell you one thing: just because people like something doesn't make it good. It's not all relative. I'm sure every crappy band in the world has at least a few devout fans. Successful farmers use munure in the same fashion that the crappiest bands and artists usually top the charts. Just an 11 o'clock thought. That's all.

 If silence is golden, good music is platinum.

 Time for You to Get a Watch My neighbor does the weirdest thing. Yesterday, we were sitting in here when there was a knock on the door. It was the little white haired kid from next-door. He pointed and said, "He wants to know what time it is" he paused while we checked and he clarified, "my stepfather." This afternoon there was another knock. It was the stepfather wondering what time it is. They are moving. Maybe they're clock is packed up. See Also: urlLink Mr. Neighbor .

 Does Rock 'n' Roll Beg for Conformity? Last night, I went to the first show I've been to since December 2001. A show is not a concert, so before I continue let me provide definition. Show- a warm,engaging encounter typically with bands that are strictly local, independent, or underground performing in the context of a local scene in which audience and musicians share a greater interconnectedness and where its almost never above ten bucks to get in. Shows are much better than concerts. I would rather see a few bands I don't know for five bucks than one major band I do know for upwards of 20. There are only rare exceptions where I would be excited enough about a major label band or artist to be willing to pay the price. These are extremely rare exceptions and even then I would hesitate. Last night I saw Denison Marrs and AnBerlin. Both proved capable of delivering solid rock performances. It was good to be back in the crowd and back in the intense forcefield of amplifiers blasting guitar noise. This was my first time seeing either band and since I'm only vaguely familiar with them my purpose was to absorb their music. I just wanted to take it all in. However, some people aren't cool with that. Some people can "rock out" before knowing what they are "rocking out" to, I'm not one of those people. One of the front men commented that as a whole we were just staring up at the band. He implied that this was lame. I realize its his job to be charismatic and to get people going, but I almost always hate to be told to "get into it." As a rebel I find it difficult to suddenly "rock out" when told, especially after practically being called lame. Sure, I didn't dance much but I was all ears. Its my own fault, but I'm often too self-conscious. I don't want to feel as though I'm just following the movement of the crowd. Most everytime that I was getting into it, I felt like "one of those guys who suddenly shaved his head and claimed he'd always been punk. I thought that at any second I was going to be found out." I understand where the front man was coming from. It was the attitude of some in the crowd that I disagreed with. What they fail to recognize is that there is more than one way to rock. Conformity isn't always a bad thing. By going to the show, most of us were in agreement that we like music. If rock 'n' roll ever asked me to stop thinking, I might have to stop listening. I don't think its rock 'n' roll that begs for conformity but instead some of its deaf listeners.

 Fatalism urlLink What Fatalism Is by Benjamin B. Warfield This is a sad state of mind that people fall into sometimes, in which they do not know the difference between God and Fate. One of the most astonishing illustrations of it in all history is, no doubt, that afforded by our Cumberland Presbyterian brethren, who for a hundred years, now, have been vigorously declaring that the Westminster Confession teaches "fatalism." What they mean is that the Westminster Confession of Faith teaches that it is God who determines all that shall happen in his universe; that God has not---to use a fine phrase of Dr. Charles Hodge's---"given it either to necessity, or to chance, or to the caprice of man, or to the malice of Satan, to control the sequence of events and all their issues, but has kept the reins of government in his own hands." This, they say, is Fate: because (so they say) it involves "an inevitable necessity" in the falling out of events. And this doctrine of "fatality," they say---or at least, their historian, Dr. B. W. McDonnold says for them---is "the one supreme difficulty which it has never been possible to reconcile," and which still "stands an insuperable obstacle to a reunion" between them and "the mother church." "Whether the hard places in the Westminster Confession be justly called fatality or not," he adds, "they are too hard for us." Now, is it not remarkable that men with hearts on fire with love to God should not know him from Fate? Of course, the reason is not far to seek. Like other men, and like the singer in the sweet hymn that begins, "I was a wandering sheep," they have a natural objection to being "controlled." They wish to be the architects of their own fortunes, the determiners of their own destinies; though why they should fancy they could do that better for themselves than God can be trusted to do it for them, it puzzles one to understand. And their confusion is fostered further by a faulty way they have of conceiving how God works. They fancy he works only by "general law." "Divine influence," they call it (rather than "him"): and they conceive this "divine influence" as a diffused force, present through the whole universe and playing on all alike, just like gravity, or light, or heat. What happens to the individual, therefore, is determined, not by the "divine influence" which plays alike on all, but by something in himself which makes him respond more or less to the "divine influence" common to all. If we conceive God's modes of operation, thus, under the analogy of a natural force, no wonder if we cannot tell him from Fate. For Fate is just Natural Force; and if Natural Force should thus govern all things that would be Fatalism. The conception is, we see, in essence the same as that of the old Greeks. "To the Stoic, in fact," says Dr. Bigg, "God was Natural Law, and his other name was Destiny. Thus we read in the famous hymn of Cleanthes: 'Lead us, O Zeus, and Thou too, O destiny, whithersoever ye have appointed for us to go. For I will follow without hesitation. And if I refuse I shall become evil, but I shall follow all the same.' Man is himself a part of the great world-force, carried along in its all-embracing sweep, like the water-beetle in a torrent. He may struggle, or he may let himself go; but the result is the same, except that in the latter case, he embraces his doom, and so is at peace." When a man thus identifies God with mere natural law, he may obtain resignation, but he cannot attain religion. And the resignation attained may conceal beneath it the intensest bitterness of spirit. We all remember that terrible epigram of Palladas: "If caring avails anything, why, certainly, take good care; but if care is taken for you by a God, what's the use of your taking care? It's all the same whether you care or care not; the God takes care only for this---that you shall have cares enough." That is the outcome of fatalism---of confounding God with Natural Law. What, now, is the real difference between this Fatalism and the Predestination taught, say, in our Confession? "Predestination and Fatalism," says Schopenhauer, "do not differ in the main. They differ only in this, that with predestination the external determination of human action proceeds from a rational Being, and with fatalism from an irrational one. But in either case the result is the same." That is to say, they differ precisely as a person differs from a machine. And yet Schopenhauer can represent this as not a radical difference! Professor William James knows better; and in his lectures on "The Varieties of Religious Experience" enlarges on the difference. It is illustrated, he says, by the difference between the chill remark of Marcus Aurelius: "If the gods care not for me or my children, there is a reason for it"; and the passionate cry of Job, "Though he slay me, yet will I trust in him!" Nor is the difference solely in emotional mood. It is precisely the difference that stretches between materialism and religion. There is, therefore, no heresy so great, no heresy that so utterly tears religion up by the roots, as the heresy that thinks of God under the analogy of natural force and forgets that he is a person. There is a story of a little Dutch boy, which embodies very fairly the difference between God and Fate. This little boy's home was on a dyke in Holland, near a great wind-mill, whose long arms swept so close to the ground as to endanger those who carelessly strayed under them. But he was very fond of playing precisely under this mill. His anxious parents had forbidden him to go near it; and, when his stubborn will did not give way, had sought to frighten him away from it by arousing his imagination to the terror of being struck by the arms and carried up into the air to have life beaten out of him by their ceaseless strokes. One day, heedless of their warning, he strayed again under the dangerous arms, and was soon absorbed in his play there---forgetful of everything but his present pleasures. Perhaps, he was half conscious of a breeze springing up; and somewhere in the depth of his soul, he may have been obscurely aware of the danger with which he had been threatened. At any rate, suddenly, as he played, he was violently smitten from behind, and found himself swung all at once, with his head downward, up into the air; and then the blows came, swift and hard! O what a sinking of the heart! O what a horror of great darkness! It had come then! And he was gone! In his terrified writhing, he twisted himself about, and looking up, saw not the immeasureable expanse of the brazen heavens above him, but his father's face. At once, he realized, with a great revulsion, that he was not caught in the mill, but was only receiving the threatened punishment of his disobedience. He melted into tears, not of pain, but of relief and joy. In that moment, he understood the difference between falling into the grinding power of a machine and into the loving hands of a father. That is the difference between Fate and Predestination. And all the language of men cannot tell the immensity of the difference. Further Reading: urlLink Fatalism -A Christian's explanation of why Christianity isn't Fatalistic. urlLink The Standard Argument for Fatalism -David J. Buller explains the view.

 The Eve of Getting Something Right In about eight hours I'll be waking up for my first day of J-Term. I'm taking an apologetics class. For the first time in forever I am rip roaring ready to go. You don't have to believe me, I believe myself and that's remarkable.

 I'm glad my resolution wasn't to blog everyday this year. I've already screwed that up.

 Resolving The dawn of a new year is no different than the dawn of a new day, or is it? Some people don't make resolutions, but most people do. Most resolutions are broken within the first week. Resolutions shouldn't be made so casually. They shouldn't be made to be broken. If you broke it you bought it, but it isn't too late to start over. As a practical rule resolutions should result naturally from a growing personal relationship with Jesus. To answer my first question: Some might say that New Year's day is just another day. In and of itself it is. However, we are caused by many factors to pause and reflect more this day than most other days. Some of these factors are the emphasis that society places on this day and the pomp and circumstance of the occassion. God uses the fact that we are already slowing down and thinking to remind us of Himself, humble us in that reality and challenge us to grow closer to Him. A year is the alotted amount of time over which most people assess personal and spiritual growth. A resolution can be man's means of convincing himself and others that he will be a better person in the upcoming year. A resolution can also be a tool by which God encourages such growth and development within the person. New Year's Eve is the time of year when most people do said assessment. The ultimate goal of any resolution should be to grow in God. This is painfully obvious but far too often unrecognized. Growing in God is more important than losing weight. However, if problems with weight, drinking or trust prohibit you from abiding in Him ,by all means, seek to have them resolved. Weight can be lost and gained back again. Most resolutions are for temporal gain. Resolve to grow in His eternal treasures. It is these which can never be lost. It is only these which are truly worth the struggle. Above this, Seek God and His kingdom.

 I just realized that I haven't blogged all year. I'm such a slacker. I promise to do better from now on.

