 You cannot say more than you can see -- Thoreau Never visit the dead cunt that London is...if you want to be strangled alive come live here!

 You are about to pay The Penalty for Harbouring Partisans. Wed like you to read the following three sentences out aloud please. " I dont believe in the media " " I dont believe in the media " " I dont believe in the media " There yer go. Somewhere on the planet, a TV programme just died. Maybe a satellite crashed if you were concentrating hard enough; maybe an advertising agency went bust; a Hollywood studio burnt down. Maybe, just maybe, a style magazine folded. We believe in the power of positive thinking. We guess opinion pieces are supposed to make narrative sense. Sorry. But we dont believe in that, either. Narrative, like..er..fame...is a prison from which there is no escape, and, in capitals WE , AND OUR ILK, OPERATE WITHIN THE IDEOLOGY OF FREEDOM. So dont expect any fucking stories out of us, right? Right. So the human race is finished, Freud and fascism got replaced by behaviourism and ethics, four to the floor is over, AIDS is cool, Pete Waterman invented violence, incest is the worlds religion and there is no escape, ever, ever, ever, from becoming DavidBeckham. Backwards reverb sound, flash to the year 2003, remember? That year when every human whod ever seen, thought, watched, orgasmed DavidBeckham mutated from human into forty million from human DavidBeckhams, footballing and breeding babyBeckhams into existence all around the globe. This fucking breeding thing has got to stop. Fame is the most pernicious and extreme form of breeding thing known to mankind. Fame is the most pernicious and extreme form of virus known to mankind. Its an external concretisation of identity; an end to the concept of change. The human race has been colonised by fame, and computers laugh like demons. Gunshot. Welcome to 1994. Slingshotted into the inescapable fame paradigm, Kurt Cobain opiate dreamed a novel pop-exit, transforming fame into legend, man into nothing. Hell never play music again. Well Done Kurt. Richey Edwards, learning quickly and usurped by his peer, trumped back eloquently in disappearance. If Cobains intention had been to place a full stop by violence upon the ideology of fame, Edwards parry immediately reinvested the form with the potential for reromantisation of the dead a wry comment and unfathomable oxymoronic vortex upon which his persona had been based from his entrance into replication. By disappearing, Edwards formed an inexorable vortex through which Cobains desire became inverted. The two are inextricably linked simultaneous Greatest Hits. Through this vortex instead of creating a full stop - Cobains derive became profligate, and the logical conclusion of the spectacle was formed mass submission to the will of self-murder. From a disgust with the fame virus, the two have become legion as Forever Delayed Nirvana, the unattainabilty only death can level. Its what pornography beomes when it takes form; when the invasion, the colonisation, by the gaze becomes complete. The vortex opened, the gaze became itself, we all became DavidBeckham and the human race has been colonised by murder. Fame is Murder. " What are you doing here? " said some guy, at some art opening this week. " Were very well, thank you," we replied. We hope he wasnt being snide, but it irked us anyway. We guess we were there because we got a right, like the man says. But actually we dont. We dont got a right. We dont have any at all. They dont exist. Its an opinion piece, and as such is the voice of the author. This is a comment upon it, and an attempt to fold it back upon itself, to push Cobain and Edwards back through the wormhole they created TV PRESENTER OUTS SECOND TV PRESENTER FOR ALLEGED RAPE OF THIRD TV PRESENTER and then permanently close it. Closure. Baby, we're Luther Vandross in the shower. Help us. Give us your money. We are God. Welcome to the death of after-thought. James B.L. Hollands October 31st 2002.

 Moon Over London urlLink Steve Strange 's new club night -- Moon Over London -- takes place every Wednesday at Strawberry Moons: 15 Heddon Street, London W1 (off Regent Street). It kicks off on Wednesday 6 November . 9pm til late. 8 on the door, 5 with flyer.

 Strange town I change buses in Knightsbridge, jump on the back of a 22 going towards Piccadilly and dash upstairs, in the seat at the back, huddles... urlLink Steve Strange who I haven't seen for a few months. urlLink He's wrapped in a black fur coat and Liza black hair and a botox forehead, we chat a bit. I get invited to his 'new' club. He looks like a black carnation sitting there, blue marble pinned eyes. He invites me to some bar run by a friend of his. In the toilets a speedball is passed to me. In the mirror his make up looks better than mine and I'm not wearing any!

 Midday craving for boys in eyeliner Anyone have any I could borrow? No? Okay, back to work.

 Straight from the Horse's mouth, Volume One Afternoon, Ladies, Gentlemen and Others, Here is a basic introduction to myself and our services; I will be posting irregular bulletins about our activities forthwith. James B.L. Hollands. urlLink The Horse Hospital - where all paths converge - Cited recently in The Evening Standard as ' London's Real Home Of The Avant-Garde ', and upon The Guardian s website as ' The Alternative ICA ', The Horse Hospital was established by Roger K. Burton in 1992 as a three tier arts organisation providing an umbrella for the related media of film, fashion, art and music. Comprising of: The Chamber Of Pop Culture ( Visionary & Underground Art ) kinoKULTURE ( Video & Film Presentation ) The Contemporary Wardrobe Collection ( Street Fashion 1945 - 2001 ), The Horse Hospital is a Grade Two listed, two-floor, purpose-built stable for 24 horses. Built originally in 1797 by James Burton, the building was redeveloped sometime after 1860, and retains many of its original features, such as concrete moulded ramps, mock cobbled floor and iron tethering rings. The Horse Hospital is a rare example of a historically charged building operating with contemporary critical value.The Chamber of Pop Culture is an independent, non-profit organisation promoting a living and hitherto rarely documented, and even more rarely seen, cutting edge strand of modern art; giving artists the context and support they are denied elsewhere. With over 50 exhibitions in the past 10 years, the artists, musicians and filmmakers who have shown and been shown in The Chamber of Pop Culture share no common aesthetic bond, other than a desire to work and exhibit outside of the practise and theory prevalent in contemporary art dialogue. In 1996, we began kinoKULTURE, Londons only permanent screening club for cult, underground classics, subversive and experimental new works, exclusive premieres, features, documentaries, short films, pop promos, performance footage and more! With a track record pushing five hundred films in five years - juxtaposing the hysterical and the beautiful, the decadent and the minimal - kinoKULTURE is a television station without a TV, dedicated to peeling the boundaries of film presentation. Prestigious organisations such as the BFI, the Hayward Gallery, the Victoria & Albert Museum, the Barbican Centre, the Shishedo Gallery in Tokyo, and the Brooklyn Museum of Modern Art in New York have all worked in conjunction with The Contemporary Wardrobe, The Chamber of Pop Culture and kinoKULTURE over the years giving the Horse Hospital international recognition, with the building and its exhibitions attract over 5000 visitors per year, with a relatively new but growing membership in excess of 1500. The building and its many diverse activities are supported by The Contemporary Wardrobe Collection, suppliers of unique pop fashion items to the film, TV and fashion industries. The Contemporary Wardrobe Collection is the sole, largest and most important free public access collection of street fashion and culture in Europe, housing over 15,000 important garments and accessories dating from 1945 to the present day, including many unique couture items. With a huge archive of rare films and access to a definitive wealth of underground artists, performance artists, filmmakers, alternative musicians, photographers, fashion designers, and writers who participate in its success, The Horse Hospital is firmly established as ' The UK's National Gallery Of Underground Art ' ( Francesca Gavin, urlLink Dazed and Confused , June 2002 ) For further information on programme, aesthetic, patronage, availability or membership, please contact : James B. L. Hollands ( 020 ) 7833 3644 popculture@btclick.com www.thehorsehospital.com Legacies : The future sustained The Horse Hospital bridges the gap between unnecessary suffering and a healthy, more productive working life by promoting good artist management and training. The Horse Hospital is about sharing knowledge, not retaining it. We demonstrate to artists how their basic requirements of life - food, water and shelter - are not only vital but also attainable with our practical help. Collaboration from the early stages of a project guarantees their understanding and co-operation, as well as their ultimate independence. The world in which we work will not change in the foreseeable future. The Horse Hospital aims to go wherever the need is greatest. Sustainability means freedom - freedom from suffering for the artists, freedom from dependence and freedom for The Horse Hospital to move on and make a difference to the lives of the next million artists and donkeys imprisoned by suffering and ignorance. You, too, can make a difference The Horse Hospital relies greatly on being included in wills. Around half our voluntary income is received this way. If you know that, when the time comes and you no longer need your worldly wealth, a percentage of it has been safely promised to The Horse Hospital, then you also know that you can and you will really make a difference. Tidy up the loose ends Take the opportunity to put your life in order: review your position; count your blessings. Make a tally of your assets. Then think of your family, your friends and The Horse Hospital. With the help of experts, writing or reviewing your will is not a difficult exercise, yet is so important. Make it that much easier for those who follow you and leave a legacy of care, not confusion. This way, you can make a difference to your own environment and make a difference to the rest of the world. Your sustaining gift By including The Horse Hospital in your Will, you will be sustaining our projects well into this millennium. You will be helping us to bridge the gap between unnecessary suffering and misery and a healthy, more productive working life for millions of artists. They give one hundred per cent. How much can you give? Information and help Legacies to charities come in different forms: you can leave all or part of your estate remaining after family and friends have been looked after (residue); you can leave a lump sum (best made inflation-proof) (pecuniary); you can leave specific items (real estate, jewellery, antiques, shares). Remember that charities are exempt from tax, so you can also reduce the tax burden on your estate. If you would like more advice or help about making or changing your Will, please contact James B.L. Hollands on ( 020 ) 7833 3644 popculture@btclick.com

 Oh what a lovely sentence! ''We opened our eyes to asphalt in the twilight of austerity'' -- urlLink Michael Bracewell , urlLink Perfect Tense .

 Rock, dance und cybergeschwtz What up with the Berlin scene you say? urlLink Dorfdisco has some answers. urlLink 3AM Magazine contributor, urlLink Travis Jeppesen , has music reviews and live reports posted on the site.

 Pin cushions can save the world ''I have this little red satin pin cushion -- Victorian, I think and I suddenly thought, if only people would concentrate on pin cushions, instead of war, violence and brutality.. what a better place this world would be..." urlLink Denton Welch , urlLink The Journals -1945.

 The moon dreams of geometry Today I received in the mail a cryptic message from Gabbercha of New Jersey, U.S.A. He writes, "A bouquet of flowers sits in a 55 gallon garbage can. I am writing when I should be working. Her breath and breasts smell sweet scent." For more writing, music, and artwork, check out urlLink Cactus Face. It's the school of punk rock, don't drop out. Keep it weird.

 Non-next-big-thing pie If you really just want to hear good music while diddling around on the computer, check out urlLink 3WK Underground . In less than 1/2 an hour I have been blessed with a luscious hodgepodge of favorites like: Chicks on Speed, Sea & Cake, Nine Inch Nails, Mogwai, Bjork, Beta Band, Belle & Sebastian, Seam, and Bibel Gilberto. Cheers!

 The wisdom of the English ''The Wisdom of the English is far above that of other races, as to be no use to them'' -- Don Salavador de Madarjaga.

 Priest of nothing Overheard in the Supermarket yesterday, one young bloke says to his gaggle of friends. 3.05pm on a wet Tuesday afternoon. ''He was a poet, priest of nothing, legend...'' Stevie Nicks....

 Pinched naff faces & string vests Frankly there's too much urlLink Billy Childish about -- book of poems, a T.V. documentary, paintings, records on and on... I'm quite sick of his pinched naff face getting at me everywhere I look...typical England, once an 'artist' has been around long enough they finally, begrudingly get some attention... I don't want to see his string vest anymore.... am I jealous? of what?

 Quintessential ode to Rimbaud, shuffled in by Bertie from A Season in Hell : "But just lately, finding myself on the point of uttering my last croak, I thought of looking for the key to the old feast, where I might perhaps find my appetite again."

 A hell of a lot ''I ought to have a hell for my anger, a hell for my pride, a hell for my caresses, a whole concert hall of hells." Happy belated birthday urlLink Rimbaud (Oct 20th 1854).

 Sunday muddy Sunday urlLink Belle and Sebastian , painting raspberry colored fences, mixing blues, isolation.

 The key to my heart I was reading Kim's post, and had trouble thinking about what the key to my heart is. What I figured out is that, much like most of the writers and virgos I know, the key to my heart is someone who seeks to open it. Enough being deep for me, though. I have to poop.

 The amateur does things for love and belief, not the mortgage Nice Billy Childish article urlLink here .

 Bordello chic I have discovered that the key to my heart lies somewhere in gifts of French silk blouses in colors that only pigeons and polka dot makers would aspire to.

 One part creativity, one part bitterness, one part stupid The metallic taste of my own bitterness floods my mouth as I answer yet another email. "Here are the instructions," I type, "if you follow them, I will not spit in your hair." I can envision the bright-eyed face on the other end of the transaction biting her quivery, slobbery lip and pondering why on earth spitting in hair is part of the equation. I pity her, but not enough. Instead, I unroll a magic tornado from the depths of my cloak and lay waste to the homestead.

 It's a wrap ''Open your box'' Yoko Ono. Woke up this morning beside my bed, on the floor, 1 Mars bar wrapper and one Snicker! HELP!

 Passing the pint urlLink Moby Lives creators Dennis Loy Johnson and Valerie Merians have founded Melville Press. Melville's first two books are A Reader's Manifesto:An Attack on Pretentiousness in American Literary Prose by B.R.Myers and Poetry After 9/11: An Anthology of New York Writers . Visit urlLink Melville House Books

 Schopenhauer's poodles urlLink Alain de Botton seems to have the worst taste in shirts /collars (re: pic on 3AM ). He should pay more attention to his wardrobe than his writing. I liked his urlLink book on philosophy though. Schopenhauer's poodles and Artaud being slung out of a Parisian hotel for trying to drown a mouse.

 Shiny, happy people, saying nowt ''Happy people have no history, no stories, nothing to say'' -- urlLink Louise Bourgeois .

 Juxtapic 1-Take 2 (With a nod to fabulous Andy) I am sitting in the passenger seat driving over the San Jacinto Mountains towards Temecula on a Sunday evening. Everything is black but I can smell dust in the air as my world turns to Fall. Johnny Cash is on urlLink KCRW singing Depeche Mode's Personal Jesus . Quick flash. I see a small church in the middle of nowhere. I pull over and go inside. The church is lit up in flourescent track lighting. The room is empty. A Goth boy stands in the corner in eyeliner wearing a Calico shirt. I look down at my knees that are being brushed by a red and white gingham dress. In a true Twin Peaks moment, a reverend walks into the room and sits down at a baby grand. He motions to a corner of the room where a table is laid with red cherry punch in Dixie cups. He starts to play "Someone to be your friend, someone who cares". I start to dance with the Goth boy, legs out, kicking up, hands over knees crossing back and forth. The fifties have blurred with the year 2002 and the Goth boy pulls me into the confessional for a game of truth and dare. "Pick up the receiver, I will make you a believer."

 A lesson in language Humorous link about the urlLink f-word from Brother Matt of San Pedro, California. Have a listen to Brother Matt's urlLink The Watt from Pedro Show with urlLink Mike Watt .

 "The more you refuse... ...the more you live" -- urlLink Marguerite Duras

 Mug Shots I would really like all of the 3AM editors to send me a black and white photo. I have an idea of a visage for us. Of course Guillame, this is not to disturb your turning us into a mountainside of profiles like you wanted to long ago. It would be more like a gift from me. So send away guys! Utahna, this means you too!

 Small flowers crack concrete: D.A. Levy lives Soon to appear in 3AM Magazine is an interview with Mark Kuhar of urlLink Deep Cleveland Junkmail Oracle . Mark will discuss the life of urlLink D.A. Levy and the upcoming urlLink Levy Lives! event to be held in Cleveland, October 29, 2002.

 The Englishman's American dream I know I was living in NYC when 'Bushy' got voted in... well when they cheated down there in Florida...finding Gore ballots behind petrol pumps and school yards...Bush whispering on the golf course '' I gotta get me a war like my Daddy did''... Blair isn't any better... I just float away remembering the view of the East River and the 59th street bridge from my window...the traffic that never stopped crossing it...the cable car ride to Roosevelt Island I never took...yellow taxis zooming along 54rd street...the Englishman dreaming American...

 Fishbowl reply to Bertie Bertie, the scariest thing about the truth in your words about George Bush, is that most of Americans agree with you. These are the same Americans who profess to believe they live in a Democracy where their votes and voice actually count. So I hear you! You're freaked. How do you think we feel? Every night on the Jon Stewart Daily Show there is some clip of Bush saying something that in reality means "Saddam went after my daddy and I am here to get revenge." We are living under the rule of a man with a personal vendetta and not much else. In the last election when America was basically split right down the middle and the vote went over in favor of Bush, I knew it was going to get worse before it got better. You don't have a schism that equal without having to take a hard look at the country you live within. Problem is, that no one in government is taking that look.

 Taking Thailand to tusk Good old urlLink Morrissey is holding a press conference in Melbourne today to highlight the issue of cruelty to elephants in Thailand.

 Writing demands faith: Alain De Botton in 3AM Brace yourselves for Kimberly Nichols ' interview with bestselling author urlLink Alain De Botton : "I have lots of fears as a writer -- that what I write isn't good enough. A huge fear, because mostly, what I write and think about first time is rather poor, and has to be improved upon. I'm not sure if any writer is ever satisfied first time around, but I'm certainly not. So this demands nerves of steel; one has to think: 'it's terrible now, but hopefully one day it can be good.' Writing demands faith."

 There is a bright light that never goes out Review of urlLink Interpol 's album in urlLink Flak Magazine .

 I'm with Bertie How does one go about setting up one of those online petitions? I think it might be quite fun to set one up asking people to pass it along and the 500th person has to come up with and carry out a viable plot to assassinate President Bush. I know, I know. Murder is wrong. Well, consider this my war against terrorism as I take a stand against the biggest terrorist money can buy. Boy, I'm bitchy today... Musta been something in the turkey.

 Detroit is a funhouse From Detroit, USA: Chris and Mel have put together a rad site called urlLink Pot Hole Music for mp3s, band photos, reviews, and other good stuff primarily dedicated to the Detroit scene. Chris is known to record a mean live show along with his partner, Mel, an excellent photographer. Perhaps Mel will post her urlLink Jimmy Zero photos.

 Baad vibes ....either I'm brain dead -- very great possiblity -- but it's taken me 2 days to log on the blog...only to say that I went to London's urlLink ICA last night to see new film 'BAADER' about Andreas Baader of urlLink Badder/ Meinhof terrorist group of Germany in the late 70's... half an hour into what looked to be a great film -- soundtrack by MC5 and Suicide -- the sound went, then the picture... no repairs...money back.... fuck the ICA for losing all credibilty over the last year, they've become an ' institution ' in the worst sense of the word...and what's happened to the great terrorist groups of this world? And while I'm on the subject why has'nt President Bush been assasinated yet? My dear Amercian friends, your President is Hitler in Satan drag... or a soft toy damaged in a fire?

 The faint hope of getting laid An article about Philadelphia's urlLink 215 Festival (17-20 October) in urlLink City Paper : "The 215 mixes literature with the faint hope that you're gonna get laid".

 You're my guitar hero Just read this about former urlLink Clash axeman Mick Jones (who recently produced urlLink The Libertines ' debut album) in gossip zine urlLink Popbitch : "My bestest Mick Jones tale. When he was recovering from pneumonia, I went round his house to keep him company. He lit a big spliff and I said 'Should you be smoking, Mick?' to which he replied 'What are you, my fucking DAD?' Then he passed me the reefer and we watched The African Queen on telly, I got stoned and told him he looked like Bogart and he asked me to leave."

 Going round and round on the Circle Line... Chris Hall interviews Iain Sinclair about his new book in urlLink Spike Magazine . Philip Hensher on the latest translation of In Search of Lost Time in urlLink The Spectator . Interesting article about Dave Eggers in Canada's urlLink National Post .

 We ain't got no place to go so let's go to the punk rawk show Okay, MXPX wasn't there, but I did just hit a punk show at the University of Calgary. Guttermouth and Face To Face headlined. It was a great time, but sad in a sense. I was looking around and couldn't help but notice that most of the people present were really young, and when they started moshing it was all fists and elbows. I guess punk is dead, and there's a pile of children dry-fucking the corpse.

 A man I admire told me today I had "chops on all instruments".

 Poems for all The cool 24th Street Irregular Press has been publishing miniature books of poems for years now and were recently written up in Poets & Writers magazine. Their mission statement, in their own words, about the poem books is this: "They're scattered around town-on buses, trains, cabs, in restrooms, bars, left along with the tip; stuffed into a stranger's back pocket. Whatever. Wherever. Small poems in small booklets half the size of a business card. A project of the 24th street irregular press, which cranks them out to be taken by the handful and scattered like seeds by those who want to see poetry grow in a barren cultural landscape." To submit poems to be possibly made into books or to request copies of any of their existing books by poets like D.A. Levy and Kenneth Patchen, visit 24th Irregular Press .

 Big up to... ... urlLink Chris Mitchell of urlLink Spike Magazine for linking to Joe Bloggs . Cheers mate!

 I lost my heart at the Peppermint Lounge I recently discovered urlLink Aquatulle , an excellent American magazine which covers late 70s-early 80s pop culture. One of the current online features is an in-depth interview with urlLink CBGBs door girl turned pioneer punk photographer urlLink Roberta Baylee . You can see more of her legendary photos urlLink here .

 Rollins Radio For those of you interested, urlLink Henry Rollins is doing a show on Los Angeles talk radio station urlLink KFI (AM 640 on the dial) on Sunday, October 13 between 4-7pm PST. Don't know if it's a one-time thing or ongoing, but I guess that will depend on how many people tune in and how much he enjoys it. Thanks, Richard Box o Plenty of California, for this info.

 The little men in white coats running around my brain I never go to seep b4 3 / 4 am...having dropped my sleeping pill -- I've done this for 6 years going on 35 now. Of late I read urlLink The Journals of Denton Welch waiting for the pill to kick in, for those little men in white coats to run around my brain pulling down the shutters and....as I'm dropping off, lately, just on the tip of sleep, I jump out of bed, rush to the kitchen cupboard and reach for a Mars bar or a Snickers... this moring, a Kitkat and a Snicker wrapper lay on the floor beside my bed.

 I wanna be a frozen pea "I wanna be instamatic I wanna be a frozen pea I wanna be dehydrated In a consumer society" -- "Art-i-ficial" (1978), urlLink X-ray Spex

 National ban your stereotypes day! So, a few weeks ago Andy posted a urlLink Buzzwords about A Russian Mail Order Bride website and I decided to go find out if all the hype about Russian women is true. Are they harsh but subservient, cold and greedy, detached and sexual? Well I found myself at a restaurant on Friday night drinking merlot with a particularly short, curvaceous, wild haired, and feisty Russian Jew, who I will call Natasha for the sake of flip flopping stereotypes out of a meaningless cycle and into non-perpetuation. She was funny and cynical and sexy as sin. She rolled her Rs everytime she said "Probably" which she said a lot. She told me I was like strawberries with extra cream. She invited me to stay the night and we laughed until dawn listening to Russian pop music and talking about the politics of Israel and the cab drivers who will fuck anything in a skirt and I found myself feeling irritated by our collective conscious' pseudo-stereotype machine. The only thing machine-made "Russian" about this girl was the amazing syllabic accent and the fact that her mother had to unleash a queue of bribes to get her to the U.S.A. where she remains happy, feeling luckier than most U.S.A. residents do to be here, and works her days in a natural foods restaurant as she studies to be an international translator. I am declaring today NATIONAL BAN YOUR STEREOTYPES DAY in honor of Natasha, for like she said as the sun began to rise over a beautiful Californian Day: "Let me make this perfectly clear, it is now precisely 3 A.M."

 Books in my head 01. JT LeRoy - The Heart is Deceitful Above All Things 02. T. Cole Rachel - Surving the Moment of Impact 03. Charles Bukowski - War All the Time: Poems 1981-1984 04. Paul Auster - Moon Palace 05. Daniel Sinker - We Owe You Nothing, Punk Planet - Collected Interviews 06. Dennis Cooper - Period 07. Travis Jeppesen - The Robot in the Taxi

 Wasco says : current music in the player 01. Blonde Redhead - Melody of Certain Damaged Lemons 02. Cobra Verde - Egomania (Love Songs) 03. Avail - Dixie 04. Saccharine Trust - The Great One is Dead 05. U.S. Maple - Acre Thrills 06. Ruins - Mandala 2000/Live at Kichijoji Mandala II 07. The Perfect Guy - Dark Commercial Force$ 08. Richard Hell - Time 09. Dead Moon - Trash & Burn 10. Bangs - Sweet Revenge 11. Lungfish - Talking Songs for Walking 12. Pere Ubu - 1975-1977 13. The Smiths - Hatful of Hollow 14. Sonic Youth - NYC Ghosts & Flowers 15. The Jam - All Mod Cons 16. Death of Samantha - Strung Out on Jargon 17. Guided by Voices - Bee Thousand 18. Joy Division - Heart and Soul, Disc 3 19. Black Flag - The First Four Years 20. Captain Beefheart & His Magic Band - The Mirror Man Sessions

 Hippie reflections I was out tonight and found a copy of Hair on VHS for incredibly cheap and thought I'd watch it. It's hard not to get that creepy sense of then-and-now while watching a nation of innocent kids rush out to kill an enemy who retrospect has shown to not actually be the enemy. I think about all the talk these days of America invading Iraq, and I wonder just how many Viet Nams it's going to take.

 Is your sex life better or worse than it was at school? The film adaptation of urlLink Bret Easton Ellis 's urlLink The Rules of Attraction is out now in the US. Go urlLink here .

 The gadge and his computer Spud, again, in urlLink Irvine Welsh 's urlLink Porno : "Ah'm thinkin aboot this cat in a suit ah overheard in Bernard Street the day: 'My computer's crashed. I've lost everything.' Ah feel like the gadge and like ehs computer, man." Don't we all!

 The weakend starts here Today's Guardian chronicles urlLink Umberto Eco's career . There's an interesting review of George Walden's book on urlLink dandies . Charles, did you know that Baudelaire and Thophile Gautier belonged to a urlLink club of cannabis smokers ? There's also Frank Kermode on urlLink Harold Bloom , an interview with urlLink Harold Pinter , an attack by Richard Eyre on urlLink Michel Houellebecq and Janice Galloway on the anniversary of the publication of Alasdair Gray 's masterpiece urlLink Lanark twenty years ago.

 Skiving So I skipped work today and went to lunch with my drummer. I know it's irresponsible, but man, a guy has to do stuff like that sometimes.

 For Utahna : "Who taught you to torture? / Who tautcha?" -- "Whip in My Valise" by urlLink Adam and the Ants

 Psychedelic Before I forget: check out Tim Willis's fascinating article on urlLink Syd Barrett .

 Get it right! Links to the book recommendations: urlLink The Rise of the Creative Class urlLink It's a Free Country And remember one does not win friends with salad...

 Mann enough Interesting article by George Steiner on Thomas Mann's passion for music in this week's urlLink Times Literary Supplement .

 This is a public announcement urlLink 3AM Magazine 's urlLink message board has just been relaunched as an ad-free zone. No more annoying pop-ups, so pop in and let the interaction commence.

 Bitchin You can watch Dali and Bunuel's classic Surrealist film, urlLink Un Chien Andalou , on the Internet!

 What the butler shaw I second that welcome. Recommendations for the day: The Rise of the Creative Class by Richard Florida It's a Free Country: Personal Freedom in post 9/11 America by RDV/Akashic Books A Quote: "With the Cold War ended, these Conservatives asked what the new enemy threat was that would justify the continuation of a growing military budget and an authoritarian emphasis on NAtional Security. The answer, brewing long before September 11th, was the threat of "international terror" -- sometimes described as Islamic Fundamentalism, sometimes as the Drug Cartels -- but in any event suitably nebulous and scary to justify the resurrection of priorities not seen since the Cold War" -- Fmr Sen Tom Hayden.

 Taking the piss urlLink Bullies Reunited : a parody of the popular urlLink Friends Reunited site urlLink George Berger wrote about recently in urlLink 3AM Magazine . Thanks to urlLink Andrew Stevens for the link.

 Naked untruth You'll all be thrilled to hear that urlLink 3AM contributor urlLink Susannah Breslin of urlLink The Reverse Cowgirl's Blog fame will soon be appearing naked on the cover of urlLink Wired ! (PS: Susannah's just sent me a message saying this was a joke. I'm feeling really depressed now!)

 What the fuck is aw that aboot? Spud's drug-induced 'epiphany' in urlLink Irvine Welsh 's new novel, urlLink Porno : "Ah look roond at the band, the young lassie oan the clarinet, whae's really good, makin such a beautiful sound ye could just likesay greet, man. Then ah see the auld boy at the bar, wi a big smile oan ehs face. At that point a horrible thought hit ays; everybody in this bar, everybody here, n Ali n ma wee Andy even, they'll aw be deid soon. In ten or twenty or thirty or forty or fifty or sixty or whatever years it takes. Ah, they beautiful people, man, and aw the weird and horrible and mental yins, they willnae be here, they willnae even exist. In nae time time at aw really. Ah mean, what the fuck is aw that aboot, likes?"

 Nobel Prize Since urlLink 3AM Magazine 's urlLink Buzzwords hasn't been updated yet, here are a few links concerning the new urlLink Nobel Prize for Literature winner, Hungarian novelist Imre Kertesz: the urlLink BBC , urlLink The Guardian and the urlLink Literary Saloon .

 Welcome to Joe Bloggs ... "These were rehearsals. One day he would show them. He could afford to wait." -- Joe Orton and Kenneth Halliwell, The Boy Hairdresser (1960)

 Lucie in the sky I think the poem reads better like this. It gives it a certain je ne sais quoi . The class it lacked, perhaps. Arf arf arf! good one Jimmy. I'll see what Lucie thinks of her new middle name...

 My palette's running A rainy Saturday evening in London town of old misery... I pop into interim art gallery owned by Maureen Paley in Bethnal Green... Little sketches of weeds. The upstairs gallery so overlit by neon I felt radiated. More delicate little weeds. I'd gone to meet someone who did'nt show. A Becks beer and three silk cut ultra later, I head back to my umbrella in the hallway weeping puddles of rain. As I'm leaving Tracy Emin comes thru the door, we exchange glances (we've meet at least 3 x b4) and oh I can't be bothered...I leave, get a bus home...Lit a joint and put on Bowie's Diamond Dogs ...''Something kind of hit me today...I'm dancing where the dogs decay'.'

 We are scum I am told that today rather more than 60 per cent of the men who go to the universities go on a government grant. This is a new class that has entered the scene. It is the white-collar proletariat They do not go to the university to acquire culture, but to get a job, and when they have got one, scamp it. They have no manners and are woefully unable to deal with any social predicament. Their idea of a celebration is to go to a public house and drink six beers. They are mean, malicious and envious They are scum. They will in due course leave the university. Some will doubtless sink back, perhaps with relief, into the modest class from which they emerged; some will take to drink, some to crime and go to prison. Others will become schoolmasters and form the young, or journalists and mould public opinion. A few will go into Parliament, become Cabinet ministers and rule the country. I look upon myself as fortunate that I shall not live to see it. - Somerset Maugham, Sunday Times, 1955

 Funny, but SORRY G! So I just went to Pornolize as directed by Herr Andrew, and when I read G's poem below I was absolutely filled with the Christmas spirit. For the record, I think the original was incredibly well done, so please G take no offence... Twist and Shoot, a Fistfucking "AphroditesEvostick" Attempt at Text, Or, The dripping Ballbusting spews of Lucie "Hard-on" Aveliere Where did you learn to dance like this? Creaming farts in rhythm Treating this fucked up rendez-gamahuches Like a prom dance night? A fingering bead of sweat through your mascara, A jerking smell of black powder in your handbag And would-be dance balls in dark suits Crumbling down in slow motion, Guts upset by steel. Quick run to the plowing loo, To reload, and for a puff of scent, And back to the dance-floor You wouldn't want to miss the muff sniffing next number, Baby. MY GOD! You wouldn't want to miss the muff sniffing next number. Classic poetry! Eat that, Walt Whitman... sorry G...

 Lefties with the decorators in... Having just been informed by a close female friend that she doesn't want a big night out tomorrow as she has 'fallen to the communists', it occurred to me that you could reverse-engineer this analogy with great accuracy: the difference between communists and anarchists has always been that socially most communists, male or female, continually act like they're on the blob.

 Pornolize Don't know if any of you guys have seen it, but I'm having a laugh with the urlLink Pornolize site, right now. Basically, you just type in the URL and it replaces some of the text to read profanely and obscenely - perfect for juvenile pranksters such as myself. I realise it's not to everyone's taste and I apologise in advance...

 Twist and Shoot, a Morning Attempt at Text, Or, The Continuing adventures of Lucie Aveliere Where did you learn to dance like this? Dodging bullets in rhythm Treating this fucked up rendez-vous Like a prom dance night? A bead of sweat through your mascara, A smell of black powder in your handbag And would-be dance partners in dark suits Crumbling down in slow motion, Guts upset by steel. Quick run to the loo, To reload, and for a puff of scent, And back to the dance-floor You wouldn't want to miss the next number, Baby. .

 Glamour The word GLAMOUR -- in a etymological dictionary is a conflation of ' language' and 'magic'.

 Belle de Jour...of my day Walking down the King's Road today a grey misty Monday afternoon at the corner of King's Rd and Flood Street, stood a mysterious woman, quite plump, shoulder length blond/grey hair in a 'Jackie O' upsweep, dark glasses, beige suede jacket, black slacks and kitten heel sling backs, tan leather bag under her arm, smoking a cigarette, she was watching her friend -- thru the window -- a man in dark glasses aussi, shopping...She stood in the twilight, pacing, smoking, I was on my mobile phone, into which I yelled to my friend S.J.Curtis: "I can see Catherine Deneuve. She's right in front of me!" S.J.Curtis did'nt believe me... but it was the legend of Belle de Jour and Dancer in the Dark smoking a cigarette, hiding nothing behind dark glasses.

 Bugger! "The word bugger was never far from our lips..." -- urlLink Virginia Woolf

 Gone before "We have ancestors -- whether we like them or not, it is expressed by French poet Apollinaire, who said unlike other men he did'nt stand with his back to the past and face to the future -- on the contary he stood with his back to the future and his face to the past, because it was in the past that he could discover who he was and how he came to be him." -- Humphry Jennings . My favourite season -- the dying one -- dead leaves in cold puddles, grey skies, rain pissing on pale sunshine...

 Fuck your heroes and fuck you too urlLink Glen E. Friedman's images of the early Dogtown skateboarders in the late 1970s and early 1980s along with the burgeoning hip-hop and punk rock scenes have made him one of the most important photographers today. With the uncanny ability to capture images of people whose subculture was about to change the world, his subjects range from Jay Adams and Tony Alva to Run DMC and the Beastie Boys to Minor Threat and Black Flag, among many others. Over the years, Friedman has been able to define the moments of the movements that defined an era. This has cemented his place in history as an uncompromising, extremely gifted artist. Glen E. Friedman's urlLink Fuck You All exhibition at sixspace highlights images from his first two books Fuck You Heroes and Fuck You Too . The exhibition features nearly 35 original photographs (including seven never-before enlarged photographs) from 1976-1995 featuring images of a young LL Cool J, Ice-T, Run DMC, Bad Brains, Jello Biafra of Dead Kennedys, Fugazi, Beastie Boys, Jay Adams, Tony Alva, Steve Olson, and more. Fuck You All continues through November 30th. sixspace 549 West 23rd Street Los Angeles, CA 90007 USA 213.765.0248 Tuesday-Saturday from 12-6pm.

 Going underground Going to an event being held in the disused Aldwych London Underground station next weekend, that should be cool I guess...

 Dork of the Bunch As we all, know I am the dork of the bunch, and yes Jim you were right about the closing tags. And how am I supposed to work and make an honest living when I have so many other passion projects going on that don't pay beans but make me feel alive and carry so much more social relevance. Can't we all just buy an island together, start up a coconut press, run around naked all day and have some paint manufacturer frequently paratroop in with fresh art supplies?

 The War on Terror Good news, people. I was doing a little research and it turns out that "Terror" is actually an emotion. Therefore anyone who bothers to make others feel that emotion is "terrorizing" those people, which makes them "terrorists". That includes: Student/Taxi Drivers That loudmouth at the office George Bush and his nazi prick regime raining electric death on the heads of anyone they please. I mean seriously, you expect me to believe that the Calgary Stampede is a bloody terrorist target? and that this stupid list of Canadian death traps only happened to appear a few days before they start calling on the Canadians to help out in the pending war in Iraq? Hey, George. Here's one Canadian who took time away from the back bacon and the hockey to pray an extra special prayer to God and REO Speedwagon that your genitals atrophy, because until that happens we can look forward to even more of your global pissing contests, you asshole Stephen King (if only just)

 Bold part II I know why. You've got the closing tag backwards. You're saying &lt;b/&gt; instead of &lt;/b&gt;

 Bold I have no idea Andy, it just happens that way. I don't try for it, or format for it. Maybe the blogger brain intuitively knows me. Wink.

 Land of the boring pig Been in Holland -- land of the boring pig! Nothing to do but wander from one cafe to another smoking on their tree trunk hash joints. yuk! What was I thinking? ... I was'nt!

 European lovely It means to make fun of. Kimmerling, why are all your entries in bold characters?

 Taking the piss Would one of you European lovelies please enlighten me to what this clever turn of the tongue means?

 Mates in Europe: go see the band urlLink Q and Not U Thr 14th Nov 2002 EL PASO TORINO Fri 15th Nov 2002 IL COVO BOLOGNA Sat 16th Nov 2002 TBA LJUBILJANA Sun 17th Nov 2002 FLEX VIENNA Mon 18th Nov 2002 CAFE CULT MUNCHEN Tue 19th Nov 2002 K4 NURNBERG with El Guapo Wed 20th Nov 2002 SCHLACHTHOF WIESBADEN Thr 21st Nov 2002 KOMMA ESSLINGEN Fri 22nd Nov 2002 FALKENDOM BIELEFELD Sat 23rd Nov 2002 HAFENKLANG HAMBURG Sun 24th Nov 2002 WILD AT HEART BERLIN with El Guapo Tue 26th Nov 2002 FABRIK POTSDAM Wed 27th Nov 2002 GLEISS 22 MUNSTER Thr 28th Nov 2002 WATERFRONT ROTTERDAM Fri 29th Nov 2002 VERA GRONINGEN

 Dog days ''Running with the dogs today'' (wild ones)... Went to see urlLink Suede in concert in London with James of urlLink The Horse Hospital as my guest... it rained... Brett the singer looked slim and worked out. I'd seen the first tour in 1993 and then he was sweaty, plump and limp wristed. Tonight he was professional and suburban like Pop's Abigail's party . James was certain that they were 'miming' to a backing tape. Brett, the singer, swished his hips a couple of times and skipped the really high notes...moments of thrill... the thrill of moments. Occasional dream. Pictures conjured...I'm off to Holland for 4 days.

 Saved from drowning It is summer when we fuck for the first and only time in my car you are sinister and soft spoken, almost edible james dean vulnerability with a silence that can pass for kindness or intelligence in some people "i wouldn't normally do this" you say twice - urlLink T. Cole Rachel

 Reading list Reading list -- what does that tell me? 1) biography of Audbrey Beardsley. 2) Freud's Interpretation of Dreams . 3) urlLink Michael Bracewell 's When Surface Was Depth -- the 1990's . Laying on the desk Alexander Trocchi's Cains' Book , a B.S.Johnson collection of short prose...flicking thru... Berlin, the Downfall ...

 I am a cliche ''Life is a series of cliches, each one more banal than the last'' -- urlLink B.S Johnson .

 Fix me, fix my head Kira urlLink (Black Flag) and urlLink Mike Watt (Minutmen, fIREHOSE) make up urlLink Dos , a punk rock-jazz-bass-thump-thunder duo. See them play urlLink Ladyfest Los Angeles this Saturday, November 9th, at 11 p.m. at the palace Downtown Theatre in L.A. Listen to Watt's internet radio show urlLink here .

 New Eurock and European experimental music book The urlLink Eurock Book is hot off the press and published by Archie Patterson/Eurock of Portland, USA. This book looks stunning and is filled with 714 pages of cosmic prose. The Eurock Book is an in depth history of Eurock, and the European experimental music scene along with coverage of progressive music from other non-Anglo and Eastern bloc countries. Written on the fly as it happened, the Eurock Book is a living document of a culture in flux, with controls set full throttle into the heart of the future.

 Can London be more dreary? Went to the doctor, would'nt give me what I needed, went to meeting for film funding, got offered lines of cocaine. I refused -- hate the stuff. Went to urlLink Steve Strange 's sad opening of his new club night, no drugs in the toilets, I left...

 Dead serious I am working on a new installation piece and I desperately need boys who wear eyeliner and are willing to take a black and white head shot in said cosmetics for inclusion in this installation piece. Please pass on the word to all and if anyone is interested have them email me at urlLink kimberly@3ammagazine.com . Andrew, if you would put this notice in a Buzzwords I would love you forever.

 Let it breathe It's a new world come inside You can always force a smile It's a new world out tonight - urlLink Girls Against Boys

 Sad cunt Am I the only sad cunt writing in this blog? "Life does not tell stories, life is fluid, chaotic, random....telling stories is telling lies" -- urlLink B.S.Johnson (1973).

 No feelings ''When this world's compounded union breaks, time ends and to old chaos all things return, confused stars shall meet'' -- urlLink Christopher Marlowe .

 Girlhood "The western world is trying to draw out girlhood to the age of 40" -- urlLink Emma Tennant .

 A very epic feeling "The great thing about the urlLink Sex Pistols was the people they attracted. . . . The scenes in Oxford Street that summer were wonderful. The sun sets at Marble Arch and so you get that incredible shaft of light, a very epic feeling. I remember Sue Catwoman walking in a see-thru raincoat, backlit in the sunlight down this Victorian Street. They were like a velcro ball that attracted all these other people: it was like a snowball rolling down a slope." -- Julien Temple on the summer of 1976, interviewed by urlLink Jon Savage in urlLink England's Dreaming .

 Rosebudding ''The bear sits on roses with his big tush. When his fat butt goes down the roses squish, but bear does'nt care about squished roses.This is what an orgasm is. When the skin of inside the asshole comes out like a rose'' -- urlLink Kathy Acker from Pussy, King of the Pirates .

 Conspiracy I took today off from work. I'm pretty sure that terrorists with ties to Osama bin Laden were involved. I awoke early with my wife who had an appointment. She went to it. She returned. I could have gone to work. I did not. Clearly, this is some new and evil plot by these whoremongering terrorists to weaken the already shakey economy of the western democracies. Who will stop them? It's like they're everywhere, tied to everything, and capable of anything.

 Tweezers of criticism When you have nothing to say borrow another's words... ''Tweezers of criticism'' -- urlLink Michael Bracewell .

 Give me some candy HALLOWEEN POETRY BASH: Thurs. Oct. 31, Midnight Bowery Poetry Club, 308 Bowery & Bleecker, NYC, 212-614-0505, $6. Dress as your favorite poet! The Yogurt Boys , Edwin Torres with Space Mouse in Space Mouse Meets The Shock Worker . Edwin Torres performs visual and verbal lunacy with seminal noise band Space Mouse; and The Yogurt Boys [Todd Colby, Marianne Vitale & Michael Portnoy] perform their one-of-a-kind love theater. Work will be shocked, mice will be spaced, boys will beboys! Look for new poems by Todd Colby to be published by 3 AM Magazine .

 The Meaning of Love Platinum Eyelash: Hello again. Starfishmilkshake: I knew you would come. Platinum Eyelash: You gave me a ball of thread and asked me to run with it. Starfishmilkshake: I am glad you did. Platinum eyelash: That is very sweet of you to say. I like the idea that we have started this perpetual conversation. It's like an object rather than a thing that stops and starts. Starfishmilkshake: It's what I was telling you about. Platinum Eyelash: Yes, you're right. Starfishmilkshake: A conversation piece. You add, subtract, conjugate, contemplate, obfuscate, and hand over to the other for examination, analysis, re-fabrication, and re-transmittal. Platinum Eyelash: Meld, wield, forge, manipulate, comprehend, consider, decipher, loll within, ping-pong, dissect, disintegrate, and renew. Starfishmilkshake: And possible random confusion. Platinum Eyelash: Everything is rehashed. Everything is deconstruction and reconstruction brought out anew under new lights with many costume changes. Starfishmilkshake: Yeah, the blueprints are on a constantly moving spreadsheet like a seismograph. Platinum Eyelash: Richter scale. Starfishmilkshake: And in 4D. Platinum Eyelash: 4D, yes! Starfishmilkshake: I'm sure the Richter scale does come into it somewhere Platinum Eyelash: That's the arguments part, the crest and trough and rolling waves and stormy seas and moon beams and cleansing rains. Starfishmilkshake: Yeah Platinum Eyelash: And electrical wires, disconnecting and reconnecting, two water droplets and a third dropped within the middle to connect the whole. Starfishmilkshake: Oooh, a chain reaction. I like the water drop analogy. Platinum Eyelash: Chain reactions, domino effects, wonder twin powers activate. Starfishmilkshake: Do you believe good overcomes all? . . . . . Platinum Eyelash: Hello again. Starfishmilkshake: What is love? Platinum Eyelash: The selling and buying kind? Starfishmilkshake: No, the kind that starts pure before the jading. Platinum Eyelash: Oh, I haven't met that kind. Starfishmilkshake: I am trying to figure out if it even exists? Platinum Eyelash: It doesn't exist. But there are three million variations on trying. Starfishmilkshake: No, but I think it DOES exist. Platinum Eyelash: Is THIS love? Starfishmilkshake: You and me love? Is that where you are going? Platinum Eyelash: Yes. Starfishmilkshake: Yeah, I think so. A discombobulated population would think so. Platinum Eyelash: This is anonymous love. Starfishmilkshake: The best kind, no? Platinum Eyelash: The safest, yes. Starfishmilkshake: Where are the thorns here? Or are there truly none? Platinum Eyelash: The thorns come in the day. In normal life. In those moments I think of you for two seconds and realize you are only partially real and that I am better off for only having half of truth than all of it. Starfishmilkshake: I think all of truth is here. Platinum Eyelash: The rest of them have it wrong. Starfishmilkshake: Sure, I will raise my glass to that. Platinum Eyelash: Here's to knowing nothing. Starfishmilkshake: Here's to you over there and me over here. Platinum Eyelash: The people out there are getting restless. Starfish milkshake: It is a top-secret mission to rule the world.

 Softer than a brownfield in an industrial city Each morning I pass your office with the intent to start a pot of decaf coffee and fill-up my cup with bottled water near the company's mail slots. The smokers outside the door are laughing. In the basement, someone has taken an early lunch in an attempt to forget the day ahead of them. Up the steps, the stairs creak as she discusses marketing strategy. I am told that we are not close to securing funding for our project. Perhaps our jobs are in jeopardy?

 The Bohemians of the Northern Quarter When I discovered the bohemians of the Northern Quarter I thought my luck was finally in. They sat on austere cushions, dressed in corduroy, clearly stoned in the browning gloom. They laughed, alienating those around them. Here I was: bohemian and yet not at home with the bohemians. They didnt reject me, but advised me to try new, as-yet-unheard-of R n B areas, which didnt really grab me. So I departed, a wandering bohemian, exiled from his own kind, ambling blithely toward the common ground... and somewhere in the middle of the city, she turned to me and said: Tell me; why do architects so frequently dream of towering staircases? She had such an unusual turn of phrase. These were words I had never heard before, certainly never in such a compelling sequence. The sun glistened against the ruddy skin of my face. City life was immediately multiplying our options, I realised. (At a private party, I dropped to my knees uninvited and died a little on the inside. Nobody noticed. So I got back up again and acted like nothing had happened.) One more thing about city life: it drifts in and out of focus. Time moves too fast in the city, ageing things like never before. Was this how city life always flourished? we wondered, somewhere between the borderline of waking and sleeping. Will city life always enjoy such a redolent ebb and flow?

 For d.a levy * from urlLink Deep Cleveland Junkmail Oracle to establish tranquility in a sunburst he leaves cleave-land for auckland island or zambia wherever his stamps take him -- urlLink Alex Gildzen * this poem, written in 1968, is being published here for the first time. the author, who began publishing poems in the mid 1960s in magazines such as Quixote, Sumac and Buddhist Third Class Junkmail Oracle, was also the editor of Toucan, which over the years published Gary Snyder, Paul Metcalf, Eric Mottram, Gregory Markopoulos and d.a. levy. "I recall doing it as sort of a private poem," he says. "It sort of got lost over the decades. . . it was written . . . while he [levy] was still alive."

 An improv on holiday death The fields are full of your striving attitude. Behind every piece of dead grass, I find atoms from your blown brain. Rain on the ground looks up my suit. Hampshire Road is demanding. I am inclined to dropout, and even today, the propaganda is stronger than usual. If I decline to belt it, will you check my mail when I am gone? Should we move to a house in Cleveland Heights? Am I man enough to handle the property tax?

 Blue Monday Having been diagnosed with a peculiar roller coaster disease, she sits surrounded by the sounds of the perfect morose triangle: Saint Etienne, The Smiths, the latest Sleater Kinney. She stares at her desk, at the picture of her rose colored daughter, the wooden mannequin with the flexible limbs that looks as if it is jumping with mad joy off of a cubist wooden cliff, the trophy presented to her by the drag queens in town, and the small Buddha offering up business cards to anyone who wants to hire a woman gone mad, on the verge of a balancing act, on the tip of of a tongue, a quiver....

 The General The General personally oversees the torture and persecution of all potential opponents with a great pride and exacting attention to detail. The General doesnt exactly get involved himself, though; he has henchmen who do that sort of thing for him. However, the General is always quick to lavish praise upon any notable new rival: That way, he observes, the schmucks dont suspect you of being up to anything... In the War Room, he plots their downfalls, one by one, all by himself. Some he sets up via convoluted honey traps. Some he pays off with sacks of cash. Others he quietly bundles into the back of unmarked limousines, never to be heard of again. After their deaths and disappearances and resignations, the General issues six-page statements of sympathy in the press. At their funerals, the General recites Christina Rossetti and expels real tears which have artificially generated for him by casual interns.

 Mitchell not Strummer should apologise. I put out a call for the death of Joni Mitchell, and it hits Joe Strummer. N.B. Must focus concentration more. Actually, maybe...What a great year! George Harrison and Joe Strummer in one fell swoop. Thought for the day - Lord of The Rings - what a horrific concept that Tolkien should end up being a portent for our times. Happy New Year, and may there be many more everybody.

 Jealous I want to sit with you blokes in a pub.

 Yay! And Richard's coming too now, yay!

 Deptford fun city Back at work on the 27th, no way I'm using up annual leave just because there's a discernable lack of public holidays in this country (why do they have them at pointless times like Easter and have so few between Xmas and New Year when you'd need them?)... Meeting up with Andrew G and Gerard later in my stomping ground of Deptford for couple of drinks...

 Day After Christmas (north of the border) ...and I am wondering where the hell my white Christmas went? Living on the Canadian prairies, and the only white was a little hoar frost on the grass. I've just read Kurt's Journals and feel like I should probably do a better job of keeping a copy of what I write. I got a chain letter about the quarter-life crisis that I think I wrote, but can't be sure. Sort of a creepy feeling. Spent Christmas with family. Didn't eat the big dinner because I felt green and well-worn. Postcard? Donde esta?

 Day After Christmas ...and I am in a food and white russian coma, listening to Neko Case, surrounded by new art supplies, a studio easel, reading a book of Jon Stewart's political essays, wearing black stilleto boots and a shades of brown nehru shirt, trying to figure out which New Year's Resolutions I will make or break next year. Wondering if Jim and Wasco got their postcards.

 Wasted It's Xmas day and I'm wasted, thank fuck.

 Bertie's PG Tips It's christmas day and i'm drinking PG tips tea and reading serge gainsbourg's biography ' a fistful of gitanes' and am thankfully alone...off to Nyc in 5 days time....

 Bang goes the gun of Brixton I was a kid and listened mostly to cartoons' credit songs when the Clash were at their highest I guess, and yet they managed somehow to get to my little frog's ears and settle down there for good. I misunderstood a lot of he lyrics for sure. But come on, the Clash were YESTERDAY. After the Ox's death, an annus horriblis for rock.

 People die shock horror! Yeah people die, ladies and gentlemen, people die.....

 RIP Joe Strummer's dead. Fuck.

 Hell for leather Rock's grungiest brothers return for London's first urlLink Stooges gig in 30 years - and no one misses Iggy Kitty Empire Sunday December 15, 2002 The Observer Asheton, Asheton, urlLink Mascis and urlLink Watt Mean Fiddler, London NW10 For many, rock'n'roll began with The Beatles and The Stones. For a few, though, the music had its most wild flowering in Detroit's Stooges. Better known as Iggy And The Stooges when their frontman Iggy Pop became the focus, The Stooges formed in the late Sixties and terrorised audiences with their filthy proto-punk. [Read more urlLink here ]

 From urlLink Andrew Lundwall's blog of bullies stampeding you hear one way a dozen ways chrome fantastic rolls down the super highway i wait on the other side for you to send your nettles and stick me wear it really counts i where this crown dunce cap rocket shape heart you bought for me at the dimestore you say like the parrots daytime is a bright mojo workin' i ramble down the unfolded loose-leaf video track home movie midnight stoned sonata wondering how i got here wondering when i go away guzzling vodka from a rhymed stanza walking down wherever it is ghost town midnight mighty raw red of horizon pierces me in the nostril i wear the nosering the bullies stampeding through town on shopping carts and i wonder which noose you've prepared for the one who is alone on loan for a dozen groupie grouped paint drip guppies walking this way and that i am high on airplane glue i watch and wait for another take-off will you take me there tonight

 urlLink Upland Records Roadshow '03 featuring urlLink Grandpa's Ghost , urlLink Spot and the Stop & Listen Boys Hi all: this tour is highly recommended if you like traditional, roots music (Spot, Stop & Listen Boys) and dirgey, droney, yet melodic, experimental pieces (Grandpa's Ghost). DATE CITY/STATE VENUE Saturday, January 4th-- Cedar Falls, IA at Reverb Sunday, January 5th-- Minneapolis, MN at 1st Avenue Monday, January 6th-- TBA TBA Tuesday, January 7th-- Akron, OH at Lime Spider Wednesday, January 8th-- Cleveland Heights, OH at Grog Shop (Grandpa's Ghost only) Wednesday, January 8th-- Jersey City, NJ at WMFU (Spot and Stop & Listen Boys only) Thursday, January 9th-- New York, NY at Makor Friday, January 10th-- Jersey City, NJ at Uncle Joe's Saturday, January 11th-- TBA TBA Sunday, January 12th-- Philadelphia, PA at Khyber Pass Monday, January 13th-- TBA TBA Tuesday, January 14th-- Easthampton, MA at Flywheel Wednesday, January 15th-- Ferndale, MI at Club Bart Thursday, January 16th-- Chicago, IL at Hideout Friday, January 17th-- St. Louis, MO Way at Out Club Sunday, January 18th-- Carbondale, IL at Mugsy McGuire's

 A Canadian Response to Joni Mitchell I find it horrible that you English (and indeed all Europeans) can condemn a talentless hack such as Joni Mitchell, who used to live down the street from my high school choir teacher when he was a wee laddie, while at the same time accepting and encouraging Bryan Adams. Yes, Joni is a pox. Yes, Joni is the sign of an oppresive regime of total and complete evil. But the truth is that you people encourage this. Joni Mitchell doesn't get radio play in Canada. If it were up to Canadians, Joni Mitchell wouldn't even own a radio here. But your weird-ass welfare programs and musician assistanceships keep tragedies like Cindy Lauper or Bryan Adams alive and waking up the neighbors. And now that I think about it, you people excreted so much pain on the west through the visages of the Spice Girls, Elton John, and the Beatles (oh hush now) that I cannot feel badly for our retaliatory ways. But I am sorry about that whole Rush thing.

 HOW CAN THIS HAVE GONE ON SO LONG? We, the UK arm of The Salivation Army, call upon our Canadian compatriots to end the culture of hegemony and oppression that is JONI MITCHELL . We cite the folowing as crimes against aesthetics : Blue Both Sides Now Chalk Mark in a Rain Storm Clouds Court and Spark Dog Eat Dog Don Juan's Reckless Daughter For The Roses Hejira Hissing Of Summer Lawns Joni Mitchell Ladies of The Canyon Miles Of Aisles Mingus Night Ride Home Shadows and Light Taming the Tiger Turbulent Indigo Unreleased On Record Wild Things Run Fast and ask that you, as Canadian citizens, find Joni and terminate this cultural pollution immediately, for the sake of world peace. END THE WAR AGAINST CULTURE. END JONI MITCHELL NOW. please sign below and pass on : James Hollands, The Horse Hospital..

 First Thoughts On City Life Finally, we entered the city... escaping through the rain... aided by a large umbrella, two Germanic artists, the BBC, an affable fashion model from Barcelona... behind us, a land without loving. We crawled smiling out of the wreckage. A wonderfully moment. Like Velaquex returning to Spain in 1651. The kudos was immense. Crowds gathered, curious at our arrival, every last man, dwarf and baboon of the city cheering us on. The streets rapidly filled with Sports Personalities. They eyed us lovingly from top to toe. Immediately, I felt empowered; like God, holding a revolver. The air was heavy with acoustic Leonard Cohen cover versions, sung admirably. There seemed no better place in the universe to be...

 Listen to poems from our urlLink soft skulls Wednesday, December 18, 2002: T. Cole Rachel and Jennifer Gieseking reading poems at the urlLink West Side Y , 5 West 63rd Street, NYC. The reading begins at 7:30 p.m. and is FREE.

 Revenge Every year on a rainy day in December I am obligated to go to a fashion show for the Catholic School I was forced to go through as a child. Along with my wine-drinking wise-cracking mother, my bitchy St. John knit wearing Aunt, and my sophisticated-ly insane Jewish grandmother from New York, I get to submit myself to four hours of clothes I would never wear pranced around on models i would never fuck all in the name of carrying on a family tradition. This year I have decided to have a little fun. I am going to arrive in a shirt made out of my deconstructed catholic school uniform in the name of lustful sacrilege and I am going to wear three crosses in my ears to remind the nuns of the little ear piercing shop I sed to set up in their bathrooms. My favorite parts of days like these, are watching the male teachers cringe when they see me and remember all the debates I created to partake in with them and then watching the realization sweep over their faces that as as a hedonistic non-conformist, I am not burning in hell but am actually quite successful. Hee Hee. As the resident 3 AM mush, I want to throw out some love to all you beautiful co-editor men and sexy Utahna. Wasco you are brilliant. Bertie you're magnificently nuts. Howie Wowie. Jim thank god we have you to yank our helium filled chains every so often. G you're cute. Andrew you are magical. Everyone else have a great holiday season. I only get this mushy a few times a year.

 This is getting... "A horse is dangerous at both ends and uncomfortable in the middle" -- Ian Fleming. Neiiiiiiiiiiiiiiighh !!

 Horses For Courses The Horse Hospital weekend 13 -15th December 2002 Collectively and in no particular order : Faye Dunaway, Ford car commercials, dinner party, something lethal and blue in a bottle, drag queens, taxi cars, Adam And The Ants ( pre-pop ), 100 Santas pissed on free champagne cocktails, Mentasm in Stoke Newington, They Came From The Stars I Saw Them, police, operations , Bo Diddley ( 60s not 50s ), impromptu 6 in the morning jam session, taxi cars, car crashes, BBC House Portland Place, 11 backing singers tripping who'd never heard the song they were about to sing live on radio before, Sean Hughes looking patronising and non-plussed, arguments, pub, bed. urlLink Film 247 urlLink The Beast bot

 From Secrets of the British Motorway System by PK Young Some narrow streets from my youth. Near me: a group of boys in a frantically small park, playing football. Seven identical boys like cloned brothers: jet black hair, every one of them. They see me, send the ball in my direction. I try to kick it back, but can't. Because my feet don't seem to work the way they used to. I miscontrol, misdirect, miscalculate the kick: hitting the ball too hard, hitting it way past them, straight over their fuzzy heads. I apologize. To them and to myself. I feel stupid. I walk on: one of the boys joining me, walking with me. He reminds me of myself: when I was a kid, not as I am now. I tell him how I used to play football when I was his age. I tell him some old stories. He seems unimpressed. We walk on, talking ourselves into the city: the gray, urban apex of under-age peep shows, 24 hour brothels, family-orientated strip joints.

 Up all night Nocturnal again... No beddie byes before 5 / 6am.... No mornings...erased....The winter sky draped in an off-white sheet. Who discovered urlLink Michael Stuart of short fiction 'Romantic Heroine' piece? Nice piece of ... writing. Even nicer face!

 WICKED !!

 Color Coded Puffs of Wheat Okay, I'll tell you how to post with color, but you have to promise not to get all transcendental psychedlia on me... Too much color looks like you've thrown Dame Edna at rotating knives... So if you're going to abuse this gift I give (as humans tend to) then just stop reading right now... You stopped? Okay, I'll go on. All you have to do is put in a font tag. You can get creative if you like. For example, you could simply turn the font a dark green (&lt;font color=#008800&gt;) or you could specify that you wanted your font to appear like this (&lt;font style="font-family:comic sans ms, comic sans, verdana;font-size:18px;background-color:#000000;color:#ffffff"&gt; The key is that you MAKE SURE TO CLOSE YOUR FONT TAG! In other words, after you have the text you want colored finished, you have to include a &lt;/font&gt; or the rest of the page is going to be the same color and I'll have to start hating you.

 Nay, a roll in the nay Well I'm just bewildered that the horse thing has galloped away, I just don't know where to but... of course froggy gallix eats horses and I've fallen off many a 'pony'...as the boy looked at Johnny but the movie kept moving as planned, he pressed him against the locker and he drove it home drove deep in Bertie... who was laughing hysterically... and the waves came lapping in like sea horses and the scream he made was soooooooooooooooo high pitched.... Bertie channeling Patti Smith in the middle of the night trying to get a flight to nyc without a credit card .....

 High on diet dr pepper Between Jim and G, I am simultaneously smiling and enraged and wouldn't mind borrowing one of Bertie's horses for a trip to a funeral parlor. Jim tell us how to write in color. I want a nice baby blue or a blood pink.

 Praying for rain Jim's rubberband mind, in one lurching step, goes from the Rolling Stones to small pox. Dizzying. By the way, how come some of you guys get cool colours for your postings ? Did I miss an important course on how to use Joe Bloggs? The universe can be so unfair sometimes. PS: note that I didn't mention horses in this particular posting. PS2: cheer up Kim! there's so many snails to slowly crush under your soles! Ain't that exciting? Ain't that a dainty noise? a tiny creeeekk followed by a still feebler squashing sound...pray for rain!

 Terror Vaccine I watched a show last night about the whole small pox vaccinations thing, and it really got me thinking. I just wanted to take a moment to formally thank the leaders of our world. You see, the show kept telling us how we had eradicated small pox, but some of it still existed in freezers and had ultimately found its way (read: got sold on the hush hush) into the hands of terrorists for their weapons of mass gonnafuckyouupness. Why was it that we felt the need to keep the most deadly virus known to man in freezers? Wouldn't it have made sense given that we had eradicated a plague to simply destroy what we had? No more small pox means no more small pox. That's easy math. So why didn't we? Could it be because we also recognized the awesome power of using it on our enemies? That we knew that if the right circumstances presented themselves, our best defence might be a biological response in a quarantinable environment? They say that the Israeli army are all vaccinating against small pox. Can you imagine if their intent was to barricade cities in the disputed territories and infect the people therein with small pox, and then blame the victims for having their biological warfare bombs just sort of go off by accident? It's way too early for this sort of thing, but I can't help thinking about it. My wife and I were talking about it last night, and she asked if we weren't just paranoid. My response? We might be, and it pisses me off that I live in a world where I have to be. But I do, and I can't honestly trust the people we elect to protect our interests to not be lying to us and selling those interests short as they play the Grander Scale game.

 Shut Up Jim Hee hee. That was going to be the title of the Fabulous Yobs' first CD... If the horses are out of control, does that mean they're wild? Wild horses could not drive me away from you (bah-daht-daaah).

 Horses anyone? This horses thing is really getting out of control. A mouthful for you: strict severance, severe strictures of verses, scripts and tricks. Plonk blink shrimp splash twinkling stardust twanging slaps, go 3AM ! Oh my...

 No mama just dada "Nothing was holy to us. Our movement was neither mystical, communistic nor anarchistic. all movements had some sort of programme, but ours was completely nihilistic. We spat on everything, including ourselves. our symbol was nothingness, a vaccum, a void'' -- George Grosz on Dada. ps: James do you really have 13 horses?

 Bugged Eyes Too much time staring at a computer screen, too many bills pile up, no egg nog in sight, too many presents to buy, too many cards to write, too many pieces of blank canvas, not enough energy to pee, in need of a black flannel lined tunnel to burrow into until January 1st.

 More horseplay That makes 11 horses in all thus far...room for 13 more inside this stable gents, ding ding....

 Don't fuck with this witch ''Seven screaming horses melting in the sun." I found out the 4 black horses belong to a funeral parlour... don't fuck with this witch....

 Blues I woke up this morning and found myself in bed. My knowledge of the blues is somewhat nil.

 GG up I was standing in the street with seven other guys, four of whom I had never seen before, and waiting for the moment to come. We had been told the priceless mummy would be stolen from the British Museum at 6, that it would be taken out hidden in a laundry van, before being transferred to a four-horse, nineteenth-century hearse. I knew it was a stupid idea, but the organiser of the job was the grandson of London's last successful operator of horse-driven hearse services, and he was a superstitious bloke. He was a plain junkie too. The hearse had been gathering dust in a dockside shed for the last 50 years. The furry suits were bundled at our feet now, and it was freezing cold. The wooden hearse had been parked against an iron fence surrounding a small garden, and from the narrow, piss-reeking passage where we stood hidden, we could see passers-by casting curious glances at the vehicle. Who would look for a mummy in a hearse? Insane bit of reasoning. How insane we had learnt when we found out that there were no black horses to be found for hire in London that week. So Tommy, the undertaker's grandson, had rung up a friend who worked in a circus and managed to procure four horse suits. Two men per suit, one in front, one in the back. We heard the screeching tires of the laundry van before we saw it. It came to an abrupt stop behind the hearse. Three guys, including Tommy, opened the doors of the van and transferred a pine coffin into the hearse. All the while Tommy's eyes looked for us. He sneezed violently. This was our cue. We all bent double and started to wiggle into our horse suits. Fortunately, I was one of the front guys. We then trotted straight for the hearse, stumbling every two steps, and we took our place in front of the ramshackle vehicle. we could not see much of what was going on behind us, but we supposed we were being harnessed to the hearse. After a minute or two, I heard the engine's van, being turned on in my back, and presently I heard the mad laughter of Tommy, as the van roared away. When I tried to turn around to see what was going on, I realized we had been tied to the fence. I stretched my neck as far to one side as I could and caught a glance of the van, with the hearse in tow, turning a corner at the end of the street at full speed. There were only the 8 of us left, in our four horse suits, tied to the fucking brass rails. Thinking how we could get away from the situation without loosing too much face, I raised my eyes to look around if anybody in the surrounding buildings was watching us through their windows. And that's when I saw Bertie's sleep-puffed face, an incredulous look on his face.

 Darkness I woke up this morning to darkness. We're only getting about 7 or 8 hours of light this time of year, and they usually happen while I am at work. There was no coyote howl to greet me, no horses lashed to the neighbor's condominium. It was quiet, except for the roar of a few sirens and the steady, antimelodic churn of the traffic on the road in front of my house. Still, I managed to grab some breakfast on my patio (something that the temperature during winter would normally preclude, but thanks to global warming it's barely freezing) and stare across the lifeless treetops to the giant glass hardon that some call downtown. Much like a real penis, when seen from a distance it actually looks pretty beautiful. From where I sit it's all glass and mystery. In an hour, as I ride the bus to work, the definition will come more and more until I can see the homeless, can see the dirt, can see the terrible monsters of industry lurking in their sport utility vehicles. But for now, it's a pretty moment and one worth savoring.

 Industry shits this town I woke up this morning and peaked through my plastic blinds at the snow on my neighbor's roof. She has the heat on low. She picks through garbage. After sloshing through the grey slush, I navigate my subcompact car through potholes and bad roads. Coolies in the Hough give me the fuck you look. Read your history, this neighborhood was burning during the riots of the 1960s. Look mates, I'm simply headed to work, I think. My throat is scratchy. Holly Golightly is in my player and I understand her when she sings, "I can't be trusted."

 Pink Skies Through the slats in my blinds this morning, woke up to a startling pink sky--a perk of desert living. As if on fire in a surreal world, I was inspired to then buy a blue and silver tinsel tree in a small art store after a lunch of curry chicken with one of my editors. Instead of seeing horses down the street, I was startled on my way to work by a howling coyote on the road, looking like his hangover from the night before had him scouring the city streets for a random school child for breakfast. Nowhere is there snow.

 Giddy up I woke up this morning. It was still morning and I wandered bleary eyed into the front room, pulled up the blinds and at the end of my street saw four black horses tied to a fence...

 Congratulations! Congratulations on your purchase of an authentic French guillotine! We know that whether it's simply held as a conversation piece or as an active part of your new lifestyle, you'll find that nothing seems quite the same after this purchase. There are a few notes one should keep in mind as the owner of such a magnificent piece of history. First of all, it is of dreadful import to keep the mechanism working and the blade razor sharp. Authenticity is authenticity, after all, and what would they have said if the blade had fallen on some toxically inbred monarchist and simply left a really mean bump? The second thing to consider along with the physical maintenance of the guillotine is your own familiarity with the object. It wouldn't do to be fumbling about at a party trying to get the stupid blade to drop down and cut a pineapple for punch. We recommend that you keep your skills as sharp as the blade and as well oiled as the machine. Easy ways to do this include practicing on fruit, newspapers, lumber, or homeless persons. The last point we would like to make before leaving you to get acquainted with your authentic French guillotine is the need for safety. Keep your children a safe distance from the guillotine (so long as it isn't a piece being bought for disciplinarian reasons), and always make sure that nobody puts an arm through that they do not want to lose in the first place. Enjoy your authentic French guillotine!

 The little boy, the car & the oven Okay you take a screwdriver and a hammer and you dip them in flour, and then you take a short vacation, and then back. At this point, nothing should have happened to the original axis of the earth BUT many centuries of cell-existence will have potentially developed in the inner Holy of Holies of those molecular fortresses scattered about your internal meaty organisation. Which speaks a lot for tidiness of mind in times of national hazards. This means that: The sky being greyish white, and my woollen jumper three sizes too large and the screwdriver and hammer being now -- supposedly -- at room temperature, it is perhaps, I say perhaps as a kind of gentle invitation, a hardly perceivable intimation that this is probably the right course of action to take, then, perhaps as I just wrote, you can take the whole insane project to its next infamous step: write a Christmas wish list to your banker. The other day my 2 1/2 year old nephew put his plastic toy car in the microwave oven, and turned it on. No one was hurt, except the car and the oven. The firemen had a laugh, my sister didn't. Question: who do we sue: the little boy, the manufacturer of the oven or that of the car?

 Crimson Sweet on tour in U.S. Check out NYC power trio rock children, urlLink Crimson Sweet at the following venues: dec.12 kent, oh - the mantis dec.13 huntington, wv - ywca dec.14 cincinnati, oh - cody's jan.11 athens, oh - union jan.13 columbus, oh - bernie's jan.17 memphis, tn - hi-tone jan.18 nashville, tn - indienet Also, look for a feature on the band in urlLink 3 AM Magazine in the near future.

 From the Horse's mouth urlLink The Horse Hospital 's weekend 6th - 8th December 2002 (collectively and in no particular order) : The Centre Of Attention film screening @ Shoreditch Church, private Black Rebel Motorcycle Club gig in Stoke Newington, Amish Kapoor, Kiki and Herb, new jumpers from Leeds, The Pet Shop Boys, Supergrass watching themselves on telly in your front room, The Sanctuary, Riddley Walker, drug cautions, Groucho's, Brazilian play @ Oval House, film screening @ private flat, sex, drugs, Janet Street Porter, haircuts, Neil Gaiman, the awesome Bertie Marshall, a gala masked charity ball in Kings Cross, dub party, Val Kilmer, Neve Campbell, Faye Dunaway and Sam Shepard in New Mexico, linguistics, psychoanalysis, therapy, the OTO, suicide threats.

 Stars & gutters Went to see NYC punk band 'star spangles' at a pisshole on oxford street -- little NYC boys reminding me to remember they were kind of NY DOLLS, Iggy - the front man (boychild) a bit Nick cave etc.... everything reminded me of someone else... but there were many pretty boys in the audience with 'haircuts'... skinny kids drunk and in black but not quite goth....not quite anything... sexless dollies...skin yet to be corrupted by smack and beer? On the way home, a young boy beggar asked me to smile.. I did and had a chat. All I had was a pound left which I gave to him and he said 'god bless' which was fucking heartbreaking I can tell you...We chatted about drugs and he rolled up his sleeves to reveal no track marks...messy blond hair and starry green eyes ( I wish I had my digi cam) where was he sleeping tonight? Right there on the sidewalk... As I walked away I wish I'd have given all my money = five quid total...I wish I could give him the world actually.......

 Stevens is stuck on the P4 and I have disbelief in rock gardens Total your rolodex card And stack your papers closer to humidity Austin is an application song with Disbelief in rock gardens I'm lost in your focus Like a bad dare manila folder Fuck it and be plain

 Too many thugs in KFC Late afternoon, split from work at 4pm and caught the bus to Ladywell... changed there for a P4 to Brixton, absolutely crowded, no seats. Arrived at Brixton too early, had to browse in a second hand book shop (made mental note to return, huge stock) then in a novelty shop - was amused by Sigmund Freud action figures ("ideal present"). Went to The Fridge and interviewed Andy Czezowski and Susan Carrington for 3AM , talked for hours and run out of paper, some good lines to hang the piece on. Left but desperate for toilet, too many thugs in KFC and McDonalds so had to buy a pint. Mad old lady comes into pub and does a circuit of the tables, she reminds me of a female version of the black janitor in the club in A Confederacy of Dunces but is thrown out by over-zealous security guard. Long bus journey back on P4, pop into Fox and Firkin in Ladywell to see if anyone I know is in, it's dead bar the winos, one starts on me for my "Irish accent", leave and buy a cereal bar on way home. Finish Houellebecq's Atomised on the bus, impressed at moral narrative. Key in the door, but the phone rings, invited to Oxford Circus to celebrate friend's new job. Can't be arsed, have one of my own to go to in the morning.

 Underbelly Nation Last night on the Daily Show, Jon Stewart interviewed the female editor of the magazine The Nation. She spoke of a growing demographic in America that is non-republican, non-democratic, non-voter that is showing up as a subscriber and contributor base to her magazine. She reminded us that our country is not split down the middle ideologically by the two party tallies. She reminded us that her magazine's subscription and contributor base has been progressively rising. This large group of un-accounted for Americans represent humanist, progressive, liberal-minded, conscientious, culturally creative, and multicultural thought. This voice can be found in periodicals like Utne Reader, The Nation, and other progressive-minded vehicles but has been largely quiet and unsuccessful within the five major media conglomerates and the political machine. These channels are few but deserve support. I think everyone should subscribe to the Nation and boycott their t.v.s. How do we infiltrate mainstream media if we are such a large un-heard group? Do we even want to? How do we take these numbers and have them add up to actual action rather than just positive rhetoric? We've always had the internet to create this thriving arena, although how loud will our voices be if the Homeland Security bills go through towards monitoring our moves and gaining political sentience on our sentiments? These are strange days indeed.

 Scenes from a Maul Waking up this morning thinking about the news last night when they talked about global warming. Most people laugh, and say that it's nice to have the warmer winters. Sort of reminds me of bread and circuses. Outside, the ground has a light powdered sugar dusting of snow, the first we've had in Calgary to last more than a day or two, and the news man sayeth it's going to fade this weekend. Waiting in line yesterday I saw a lady complaining about how cold it was and I laughed and told her it was nothing. She kept blathering on, and I had to sympathize with all the farmers who are hoping we get enough snow to carry a crop next year. It seems that global warming really means more bitching, less food, and a brown Christmas.

 The world and its inhabitants have turned sour Listening to Sigour Ross, perfect suicide music, or zelda and f.scott love affair background noise, wishing I smoked, wishing I had friends who would crawl out from within their holes right now to meet me on the corner for some pad thai and tea. Wanting to start a work free revolution, reading about cultural creatives, pissed and miffed in America, wanting a hand to hold, wishing it would rain, sitting in a box, completely lost at the moment. Hungry.

 Stooge blowout down on the street in Europe From urlLink Mike Watt : ron asheton, scott asheton, j. mascis and mike watt me and j getting to do stooges w/the asheton brothers - damn! thursday, december 5 at 10:30 pm at the trans musicales festival liberte bas esplanade du general de gaulle rennes, france friday, december 6 at 9 pm at 013 veemarktstraat 44 tilburg, netherlands 013 460 9500 saturday, december 7 at 1:45 am (actually dec 8!) at the brixton academy 211 stockwell road london, england 020 7 771 3000 sunday, december 8 at 9:15 pm at the mean fiddler 165 charing cross road london, england 020 7 434 9592

 Fumeuse de Gitanes ''As long as I have my coffee, Gitanes and a bath everyday, I know everything's going to be alright'' Elizabeth Bergner - 1920's German Actress.

 Back From the Dead Turkey and family and flights oh my! Waking up this morning to a blustery blue sky, checkered pajama bottoms, nothing on top, fuzzy hair in the mirror, mascara on my cheeks, and through a merlot fog I thank god that holidays only come once or twice a year.

 The Global Anthology of New Fusion Poetry From urlLink Todd Swift : just a reminder about tonight's 8 PM launch of Short Fuse - the 21st century's most comprehensive new survey of contemporary poetry across the spectrum, from bold performance to innovative language play. The book/CD was launched in NYC about six weeks ago and is now on the European leg of its world-wide tour. Just back from Scotland, Wales and England, Featured Readers include: Adeena Karasick (NYC), Tony Lewis-Jones (UK), Patrick Chapman (Ireland) - as well as our talented Paris-based poets Margo Berdeshevsky, Jennifer Dick, Ethan Gilsdorf, Michelle Noteboom and Lisa Pasold. Come by to acquire a copy of this seminal book, and get it signed by the poets on site, or just hob nob with the publisher, editor, musicians and writers. Musicians: Emile Blondel, piano, during the reading, followed by Steve Lehman, saxophone, and Michael Felderbaum, guitar, during the reception. AT: La Fondation Des Etats Unis, Grand Salon Cit Internationale Universitaire de Paris 15, bd Jourdan 75014 Metro (RER B): Cit Universitaire 20:00-22:00

 '' A GOTHIC CROW'' Salvador Dali describing Patti Smith.

 Playing Hooky Listening to the sounds of garbage trucks outside, dogs yapping across the street, my computer whirring, and a silent world. Reading the Los Angeles times peppered with quips from Bush's depressing State of the Union address last night. Frequenting the kitchen where my girl on canvas awaits her second coat of pink red hair. Watching the cactus outside sit perfectly still. Flipping through the hot pink catalog for this weekend's Art of Punk show at the Kantor gallery. Wearing a big grey man's shirt spatterd with yellow paint and fuzzy slippers crocheted by mom. Adoring the loneliness. Drinking ice water. Eating ginger chips.

 It's like, Funk Doctor meets the Punk Rocker Got the drugs stashed inside the lunch box [uhh] Pop junk like I just got jumped Popped the trunk and pulled out the shotgun pump Knock wood, it's all good, thank God for vodka Cos with my luck, I'll probably get shot by a stalker Probably got a fanatic waitin upstairs in the attic With an automatic callin me up there ( hot damn! ) My man Stan with a gat in his hand Stakin my house out in a tan tinted Sedan Punch your mouth out til you can't finish a damn Ham sandwich, or your canned spinach and spam Til you gotta sip through a straw, shoplift through the mall; Pictures of me on my mom's living room wall Hey ma, maybe I'll give you a call ( ha ha! ) zike! you fuckin bitch, suck a dick and two balls. I'm givin you all my job description Which is a bitch; the bitch priest offers this : Pop more pills than police officers Who arrive at the scene to pull me off of Kim Teeth off my dick, hands off my balls But y'all can kiss my ass, pants off and all Cuz I'm so goddamn off the wall I might as well as be a painting smashed on the floor. Eminem feat. Redman "Off the Wall"

 '' no one wanted to be normal in the seventies, we all wanted to be wild and fabulous'' Maxine de la Falaise in 'Mapplethorpe' by Patricia Morriscoe.

 YAPS WORSE THAN HIS BITE. '' I'll fuck anything when I'm sorting - $300 for my Pit bull's abortion'' ' Remember me' -Eminem.

 Epitaph For Myself "... it was a beautifully squandered talent..."

 Spitting it up his arse Listening to Eminem's Marshall Mathers LP and he keeps asking me to suck his dick! Despite his rep for being anti fag -- I'd suck his dick, bite it off and spit it up his arse. I really would. He's a genius.

 I'd like to apologise to the world and the disco community for the death of Maurice Gibb; I didn't mean it! I have however upgraded my death ray software and am now taking celebrity death requests...form an orderly queue please...

 i'm pretty pretty vacant .... words fail me.....

 Nonce-sters of Rock! If you'd asked me 10 years ago to point out two likely paedophiles in the 'entertainment' industry then Jonathan King and Matthew Kelly would have ranked quite highly up there, possibly above Jimmy Saville (who should be expecting a call from the boys in blue any day now). But Pete Townsend? Apparently a 'celebrity' involved is to be named shortly - please let it be Phil Collins! By the way James, on your pop singers' death wish list - well done with Maurice Gibb!

 OLD PERVS. GAWD! what is it with certain British men in their 50's and in show/music biz...that can't leave kiddie porn alone? Pete Townsend's Rock Opera 'Tommy' takes on new meanings...'' Tommy can you see me? Tommy can you FEEELLLLLLLLL me?''...and really that scene with Keith Moon and Paul Nicholas drooling over Roger Daltrey in a school boys uniform, singing '' Fiddling about, we're fiddling about''....

 Listening... to Neko Case sing about Big Red Bells, wanting to crawl under her van with her, croon the blues over some deep red merlot, fall asleep in the sawdust of some dim town, away from it all. Reading Alan Dershowitz's rant in the Boston Review, creaming over Professor Richard Florida and his global views, going to the gym to kill my thighs surrounded by buff gay men in a curious safety meat market zone. Everything is dull compared to the kiss Franco Zefferelli gave me last week at lunch, surrounded by watered down media and high gloss tales of con men and the people who run after them. Wearing paisley and velvet, as velvet is the only thing that can consistently get me wet. Adoring a spinach souffle. Drinking purified water. Eating candied ginger chips.

 So I'm reading Keith Haring's diaries, and he talks about the Jean Tingueley sculpture ' Requiem for A Dead Leaf ' and how it's the closest representation of a recurring dream he's had since childhood of unfathomable huge whirring noise, a small child and a daisy. You had that dream too, Keith? It remains one of my earliest memories and nightmares, and the thought that it infects other people horrifies me. I spend a sleepless night, go to the shop to get cigarrettes and the counter man hands me change in the shape of a five pound note which has 'James' handwritten on both sides of it. I love the fact that meaning is contingent.

 RED RIP OFF... still spinning from my recent nyc trip and heading back there in less than a month..reading KATHY ACKER'S first novel (1973) published by Grove Press (2002) ''Rip off red, girl dectective'' is her best, gamey but coherent, sexy with delicious snatches(sic pun) of prose....also her selected works ESSENTIAL ACKER - bits from her novels make more sense in snippet form....there was no writer doing what she was doing in the 1970's, cut and paste, slash and void...

 The Forthcoming War The forthcoming war will be radically different in tone to any previous ones. Everybody will sit down on Perspex chairs and discuss the vernacular of the forthcoming war days and weeks in advance. The forthcoming war will alter many peoples perceptions of what a war can achieve. It will be a friendly war. A war with scruples. Nobody will disagree about the forthcoming war. Small children will even laugh about the forthcoming war. They are already selling themselves to fund the forthcoming war. The forthcoming war will put smiles back on innocent faces. The forthcoming war will be great entertainment value for all involved in it. Nobody will be injured in the forthcoming war. The forthcoming war will do nothing but good for all concerned...

 3AM's Jonathan Carr has launched his latest urlLink magazine minima 0.4 With writings from: David Barringer, Kay Divant, Robert Gibbon, Scott Heflin, Jnana Hodson, Travis Jeppesen, Anthony Lacavaro, Gerry LaFemina, Eric Charles LeMay, Pedro Ponce's, Francis Raven, Brian Rogers, Kevin Sampsell, Davis Schneiderman and Matthew Wascovich. Artwork by: Eduardo Recife, Rasmus Snabb and cover art by: Eduardo Recife.

 Imagine The Excitement Kids! At the end of this broadcast, you're going to want to rush to your parents and tell them all the wonders you have heard! They will be so proud, so spiritually uplifted to see how grown up you are becoming that they will no doubt increase your allowance! As of today, a small but important piece of US legislation was passed which allows all children under the age of 18 to sign a pledge sheet guaranteeing their future enrollment in your choice of the army, navy, air force, or marine corps. Imagine being the first at your school to proudly display a Semper Fi tattoo! The other children will be so green with envy that they will double over and vomit patriotism at your feet! For a simple commitment of four years to help us stock our new perpetual war you too can be th envy of all that is seen, known, and loved in the world! This offer isn't valid if you are queer or sissy, but they would have stopped reading the ad ages ago. Go now, kids! Go tell your parents that you want to be one of the few who stood tall in the face of terrorist threats to come, whether they be from such aggressive nation-states as Iraq! Canada! Ireland! Puerto Rico! Why, you'll have all the fun of playing guns but with live rounds! Think of all you'll see and all you'll get to kill! George W. Bush will be so proud of you.

 The Morrissey Exhibition The Morrissey Exhibition arrives in Manchester today midway through its tour of 147 countries. Consisting primarily of over 35,000 Morrissey-related items, exhibits will include Morrisseys entire back catalogue played in reverse, Sonny Liston, a recently restored childhood trowel, and Gilbert OSullivans monogrammed golfball collection, as well as rare polaroids of Morrissey riding a bicycle (1964), contacting the dead (1988), and looking aggrieved at the site of the Peterloo Massacre, date unknown. The usual celebrity guests will appear: Leo Sayer performing November Spawned A Monster semi-acoustic (Monday), Germaine Greer in a tutu (Wednesday), and David Bowie, scheduled to appear on one knee, weakly grasping a tulip (Friday afternoon). Plus a short guided tour of Morrisseys subconscious (Saturdays only). Morrissey himself will not be in attendance. Attractive women and excitement will frequent the exhibition on his behalf.

 Sharp as a diamond NYC cold and as sharp as a diamond... so many people to see. Cabs a luxurious necessity.....shopping. Kathy Acker volumes and sleeping...2ft of snow, surrounded by the best friends -- they're loyal and generous...Leaving to London in 2 days.....hideous place my eyelids are drooping, the little men in white coats are running around falling down, the blinds......

 Dear Mr Jim Martin, I don't know what to do. My pet raccoon, Gertrude-Rose, has taken up again her repulsive habit of dropping Cuban-cigar ashes onto my genuine 17th century French rug, which incidentally pictures an alcoholic knight and a cherry tree in the very act. Threats to discontinue Gertrude-Rose's subscription to the Rock Paper Scissors channel, appeals to her sense of the importance of preserving our cultural heritage, especially in our county, where the chief industrial production is Swiss cheese's holes, have remained fruitless. I often find myself having nightmares featuring David Hasselof and lifeboats made of blue, rotten bananas singing hypocritical songs of praise to the Lord. This, my shrink has told me, is evidently a direct consequence of the strain. Also I have bad breath. Can you help? Many thanks from, Otto Martinet, Lamotte-Beuvron, France. PS: Tink, you rock.

 Sheila 2003 "Take my hand and don't be shy." Wet hair and stale tasting coffee, black turtleneck and gold chain, electroid orange nail polish, banana and vanilla soy milk smoothies, workers getting restless, deadlines looming, New Year promising and disillusioned, once again. "Go out and find the one that you love and who loves you."

 Iris By now Iris had developed an almost pathological disregard for tidiness and personal hygiene, eventually being admitted to a 4-star asylum, somewhat like a seaside spa resort, where they reprogram outgoing women into wholesome single mothers via electro-shock treatment. Here she declared an attraction for her ballet teacher and was caught masturbating in the gymnasium. Various treatments were prescribed: insulin, morphine, belladonna, potassium bromide, horse serum, the occasional elephant tranquilliser, which only conspired to induce acute memory loss and crippling weight gain. In due course she flipped her wig completely, re-inverting over twenty-seven years of social programming in the process. There would be no short-circuiting her Neanderthal DNA. She proved immune to injections of bohemian anti-bodies and reverted to type. Soon after, she cut off her hair and drove away to join the Bloomsbury movement where she could do no wrong. I owed her a lot; money mostly. When last I heard of her, she had formed a group of travelling musicians and dressed as a mermaid, occasionally sounding a conch shell astride the back of a gigantic inflatable dolphin...

 Capitals, sirens, hissing radiators & lots of dots TWILIGHT NEW YORK NEW YRS DAY....XANAX HANGOVER AND CHAMPS.... IN CHINA TOWN....NEED A MOCHA AND A MUFFIN, CIGS ARE NOW$7.50 HERE.... I COULD STAY FOREVER....AMOUNGST THE SIRENS AND HISSING RADIATORS....2003 - WHO KNOWS?

 Bitter Old Man I don't know what I expect to happen on New Years, but it's always a bigger letdown than Christmas. There's a magic in the air all night of promise, potential rebirth, but the next morning the magic becomes plainly seen as the reason my mouth is dry and loud noises offend. Magic is for children, and New Years Day is a bad time to go taking stock of the situation. That said, at least it isn't urlLink so bad for me. I still have my health and the legions of adoring fans who seek nothing more than to gargle my man-essence in public.

 A TRINKET ON A MENU Holy falafels, you are a fine middle eastern. I am down with your d.j. and privy to all the new sounds. My finger in the end of a tube is as tight as it gets here in Los Angeles. Your green time-sheet says that you are sick, sick, sick. Analysis is another reason to stop believing in any sort of redemption. The poor man on the shitter off Sunset Boulevard knows the value of a quarter to unlock doors in a city that protects itself. Razor blade wire all over Koreatown, cutting into my vision draining liquids in an apartment complex full of Mexicans named Jesus. What do you think about vacation time? Your vacant eyes are dull and Griffith Park makes you sweat. You are sweeter than trail mix and sugared dates and I want to tell you that our skin should be touching each other's skin; but I am shut tight and shuddered. Mutter. Cutter. Clutter. In a rut of huts and outsiders and funny looks at Vegan Express near countless roads in California. Nobody, you tell me, rides the bus and a car-pool lane only needs two passengers in this place. -Matthew Wascovich 2/26/03

 WAR IS A CABARET, MUTHERFUCKERS! frankly both Bush and Blair, those bastard bum boys need a good assasination job done on them...some one please pull the trigger then elect Eminem or Liza Minnelli for president.

 An end to war Thanks to visionaries like George Bush and General Franco, I have finally been made to understand that we can see an end to war in our lifetimes. All we need to do is kill everyone and everything that is opposed to our beliefs. We can succeed by making the world a homogenous mash of fearful agreement. When Daddy Bush read Baby Bush bedtime stories, do you think it was 1984? or maybe they just watched Deliverance and cuddled.

 urlLink DISASTODROME takes place this weekend at urlLink UCLA David Thomas, the founder of Pere Ubu is organising a three-day festival of "voice and vision where the reputation of 18 avant-garage heroes will be collectively tested" at UCLA (February 21-23). Disastodrome! will include live performances by Pere Ubu, David Thomas and the Two Pale Boys, Frank Black, and The Kidney Brothers, as well as the first appearance in 27 years of the legendary Rocket From The Tombs and the American premiere of David Thomas' rogue opera, Mirror Man: "Disastodrome! continues a series of events conceived as an antidote to datapanik. In 1976 David Thomas and John Thompson note that in a state of data overload all 'new' information will only serve as a sedative-like drug, a junkie culture becomes inevitable, dataflow can be the only social imperative, and that discrimination, or any other hinderance to dataflow, must become anathema. Dataflow Junkies pursue a highly ritualized course. A break in routine can lead to disaster... to datapanik! The symptoms of datapanik are easily recognized: doubt and fear of the moment. Is what I'm experiencing meaningful... enough? What will my friends say? Is everything okay? Disastodrome creates a space in which the ordinary citizen can be freed from that burden of anticipation haunting the data-junkie. Only Disastodrome can guarantee that nothing will go wrong. 'It's a mess!' The cry goes up. 'It's a disaster!' Oh no, my brothers, Disasto reassures us that everything is going absolutely according to plan. Relax. Let it wash over you."

 The Dismal Swamp I found myself in a dismal swamp: a dismal, dismal swamp. As far as dismal, dismal swamps went, it wasnt such a bad one. It wasnt too deep or too turgid or too dismal. But it was still a swamp and it was still somewhat dismal. There was not much that I could do about it. It was only much later, after the forklift accident and everything which consequently followed as a consequence, that my life achieved some clarity, a certain clarity it had never achieved before. (NOTE. The emotional consequences of such accidents were first noticed back in 1865 when Dickens suffered severe post-traumatic stress disorder, following his infamous head-on bicycle collision with Thackery.)

 Hollywood Subplot I married an elephant. She taught me how to love. I taught her how to live. In return, she allowed me to stay up late and watch Late-Night Sport, late at night: Brazilian Golf, Austrian Volleyball, Welsh Wrestling, Chinese Beach Billiards, Cornish Lady-Shaving, Pro-Celebrity Canadian Skittles, Mixed-Race German Bikini Bowels, Indoor US Introspection ( Live from Reno ). Then she contracted an unspecified terminal Hollywood illness. Leaves fell. You can probably guess the rest....

 In NYC... TEA WITH JUDY NYLON AT THE CARLYLE HOTEL... SNOWING AND FALLING...PIMP SHOES ON 8TH AVENUE... POPPIES BEAUTIFUL POPPIES....MIKE DIANA IMPALES DOROTHY'S HEAD... CATS CAREENING UP THE BLINDS...

 I wish I was Blofeld.

 I'm the only person I KNOW WHO CAN SCORE 12 PERCOCET WITHIN AN HOUR OF ARRIVING IN NYC.... ALSO JAMES OF THE HORSE HOSPITAL IS THE PERSON WORTH KNOWING IN LONDON - SO THERE!

 "Why I'm Glad the Space Shuttle Blew Up" - spoken word track by Jello Biafra

 Call for Entries : urlLink 20,000 Leagues Under The Industry 2K3 Now in our fourth year 20,000 Leagues Under The Industry film festival is for the first time seeking submissions. Our mission is to screen work that differs in form, technique, or content from what Indie has become and that challenges commercial expectations. That said there are no other limitations. Work may have been produced any time or at any place by any person or group that's seen fit to produce the work. Though its not our main focus we are also interested in work for children, and also strongly encourage work made by children to be submitted. You can print/download a copy of the submission guidelines and entry form at our website. Deadline for entries 5-15-2003 Matthew T. & Marcel DeJure 20,000 Leagues Under The Industry Film Festival 2K3 Po Box 91781 Cleveland, Ohio 44101-3781 USA

 The General The General's battle plans invariably fail. "Nuts," curses the General to himself, after his latest setback. "Too many defeats. Too many scars that never heal. Every cause I fight rapidly turning into a lost one..." Long after the battle is over, the General surveys the field, tours the wounded in a minibus, kisses the cheeks of a young limbless soldier: "I am not a trained doctor," the General tells him, "so may I suggest you consider acquiring some professional help with your injuries...?" Tired of fighting, tired of losing, the General resigns in a fit of pique. Two hours later he's on the phone, demanding his old position back again. The next day he's making preparations for renewed hostilities: a fresh batch of air strikes, several innovative media attacks, one or two brand new strategies... "It is imperative that this mother fucking War Room be redecorated at once," he screams, slamming the receiver down...

 "After Happening Upon a Saved Postcard from a Rich Aunt, 24 March, 2003" by Utahna Faith Oh, edifice, your tiny tiles sparkle in the desert sun. Such a shade of blue, dreamy and electric, such a gold, such yellows. Your beauty stands through centuries, unscathed by war after war, battle after battle, years on years on decades on decades on centuries on centuries on millennia on millennia of sand scraping, rain lashing, lightning and fireballs and swords and bullets and curses and kisses and prayers. Edifice, are you trembling? What is time to you? What is your perspective, bathing in tears? Do you understand good and evil? Tell us what you know, tell us pure, give us your wisdom. Would the most powerful listen, if suddenly a building should talk? Goodbye, beauty. I'd wish you luck, but luck won't have it. Goodbye, ancient. Goodbye. * * *

 Protest Records- steal these songs urlLink Protest Records (as curated by Thurston Moore and Chris Habib) exists for musicians, poets and artists to express LOVE + LIBERTY in the face of greed, sexism, racism, hate-crime and war. FIGHT THE GOOD FIGHT All songs on this site are free to share, not to sell. Available now as of 3-24-03: 001. Steven Taylor Go Down, Congress 002. Anne Waldman Rogue State 003. Stephan Smith Business 004. Cat Power Rockets Soon come: tracks by Eugene Chadbourne, The Fugs, Christian Marclay, The Evens (Ian Mackaye and Amy Farina), Kali Fasteau A.O. Please forward

 Burn in Hell... ...Mr urlLink Bush .

 Just say... ... urlLink No ! urlLink No ! urlLink No !

 A preventive war? "All of us have heard this term 'preventive war' since the earliest days of Hitler. I recall that is about the first time I heard it. In this day and time...I don't believe there is such a thing; and, frankly, I wouldn't even listen to anyone seriously that came in and talked about such a thing." -- President Dwight Eisenhower, 1953 Thanks to George Berger. Now's the time to storm the US and British embassies.

 Aside from our usual conflagration of beauts, we at The Horse Hospital will be hosting this doozy for all you baby Blanket's out there. Sat 22nd Mar TRANSFORMERS 7.30pm ROBOTS IN DISGUISE hosted by CATHI UNSWORTH Shape-shifters are loose in literature. Like a computer virus they will wipe out everything you perceive to be real and safe and reveal to you the true workings behind the mainframe of existence. They are not authors, they are word alchemists. You will know them by their code names : KEN HOLLINGS reading from DESTROY ALL MONSTERS accompanied on electronics by SIMON JAMES , plus rare screening of FEVERHOUSE, the 1985 Factory film made by KEN HOLLINGS and BITING TONGUES. STEWART HOME reading from 69 THINGS TO DO WITH A DEAD PRINCESS with the celluloid backing of THE GOLEM plus screenings of the promo films for his works NO PITY and RED LONDON. DARIUS JAMES reading from THATS BLAXPLOITATION, VOODOO STEW and NEGROPHOBIA. Transmission will end with a discussion followed by a screening of the ultra-rare DARKTOWN STRUTTERS ( 1975 ) - directed by William Witney. And our address is THE HORSE HOSPITAL COLONNADE BLOOMSBURY LONDON WC1N 1HX Palare pipe : ( 020 ) 7833 3644 Mail : popculture@thehorsehospital.com Ajax caravansera ( when it's open, check before coming ) : Russell Square otherwise Holburn or Euston. We're also going to have our guarded-by-three-headed-dog portal to the underworld www.thehorsehospital.com open for activity on April 1st, I'll keep yer posted. Hope all y'all well, James x

 Eyes and ears of a Ramones devotee Check out urlLink Jimmy's web log, urlLink Kick the Podium . Note the audio blogs live from Boston. Also, Jim reads his work with poet Jeni Olin: SUN 3/16/03 at 2:00 PM Soft Skull Shortwave 71 Bond Street (at State St.) Brooklyn, NY 11217 718-643-1599

 Down the Dustpipe In a special collaboration between Stephen Malkmus and the South Bank Centre, a two day event entitled urlLink Down The Dustpipe takes place on Friday April 18th and Saturday April 19th at the Royal Festival Hall. On each night Stephen Malkmus & The Jicks will be headlining a bill initiated by Stephen Malkmus himself and designed to present the weird and the wonderful, the eccentric and the extraordinary, reflecting the diversity of British music past and present. Over the two nights a series of artists from different eras and idioms will be rubbing shoulders at the Royal Festival Hall. From experimental left-field punks Alternative TV, to undisputed folk legend Bert Jansch on the first night, from blues-prog legends, fronted by Tony McPhee, The Groundhogs to sixties folk chronicler Vashti Bunyan, performing here for the first time in over 30 years on the second night. Both evenings will be concluded by a performance from Stephen Malkmus & The Jicks with Graham Coxon making his first major public performance since leaving Blur on 18th, and Super Furry Animals in their first performance in over a year on 19th. Stephen Malkmus & The Jicks will be playing a selection of material, old and new, but with a focus on their forthcoming lp, 'Pig Lib' released on Domino Recordings on March 17th. The evening shows will commence at 6.00pm and in addition to those taking place in the main hall, on Saturday April 19th, there will be pre and post concert performances on the RFH Ballroom in the main bar area, by Wizz Jones and Billy Childish & The Buff Medways respectively. The full line-up for each night is as follows:- FRIDAY APRIL 18th: STEPHEN MALKMUS & THE JICKS GRAHAM COXON BERT JANSCH MARK PERRY & ALTERNATIVE TV SATURDAY APRIL 19TH: STEPHEN MALKMUS & THE JICKS SUPER FURRY ANIMALS THE GROUNDHOGS VASHTI BUNYAN 6pm pre concert performance on ballroom floor by WIZZ JONES post concert performance on ballroom floor, BILLY CHILDISH & THE BUFF MEDWAYS Tickets are now on sale priced 17.50 - 22.50 Box Office: 020 7960 4242

 urlLink Mike Watt & The Secondmen on tour From urlLink Watt : this urlLink tour is the final shake-down run for the songs for the illness piece, the secondman's middle stand - me and the secondmen are going to record it here in pedro at karma stuido a month after we get done rolling through these gigs. it should be in the stores by october. tourwise, it's the second time around w/pete and the third time w/jer but this time we're bringing the hammond b-3 organ so you folks can hear it like it supposed to sound - no synth kludge proxy like last tour. jer will be pounding his same drum kit as before but w/beefed-up kickdrum pedals, courtesy of pete. unfortunately, pete again can't do the whole tour due to commitments here in pedro but he can do the first six weeks. starting w/the hamtramack gig, paul roessler (me and him used to have a keyboard/bass duet called crimony in the late 80s) will play pete's organ for the final fifteen gigs. thank you, paul. hell - thank you pete and jer too! I've been very blessed to play w/some righteous peeps all down the years and am most grateful. by having paul aboard, it'll be a sortasecondmen thing and not a completely different band like last time when tom came to our rescue. last tour we did the first three tunes from my illness piece. this time we will do the whole thing. the piece concerns the hellride the urlLink illness took me on starting january 25, 2000 and lasted for many months including thirtyeight days of violent fever and vomiting, an infection growing inside me like a baby, almost dying, emergency surgery and long painful recovery. a favorite book of mine as a teenager, dante's divine comedy loosely parallels my piece cuz it was much on my mind during all this. of course, it read much different so many years later in my middle forties than it did as a boy but the same inspiring feelings I got to plumb what was really on my mind in those days made just as much sense to me now, if even more so. you must remember dante was in his forties when he wrote his epic. I've read many translations (dante wrote in his native italian, bucking the convention of that day to write in latin) but here's an iteresting prose version by a.s. kline of the the comedy. dante actually wrote his piece in a poetic form he invented called terza rima (tertiary rhyme: aba/bcb/cdc) - threes dominate throughout. how more fitting for a powertrio from pedro? I've been inspired to organize the music along similiar lines w/some sick sixs and builder fives/sevens too. of course, three squared is nine so... anyway, it's not all about numbers - that sickness took a lot from me so I thought I should be able to take something back in return. what better day to start a tour than on urlLink d. boon's birthday (april first)? he is much on mind these days as I attempt to come to grips w/the current mood. many times I find myself thinking what would d. boon say or what would d. boon do when I see some of the insane things going down in the name of whatever. such an intense war for our minds, people! thank god I can still pedal my bike and pluck my bass - much respect for folks w/free enough thinking to let me and my guys roll through your towns and come play for you. it is very, very kind of you all and I thank you much. I promise to wrestle my fucking brains out on the bass to the best of my abilities - you cats (and my guys) deserve nothing less.

 Broken Wrist Project Check out this great site called urlLink Broken Wrist Project by James Hughes. Peter Relic, author of a nice short story in the fiction section, will have new writing published at 3 AM Magazine soon.

 Arthur is a Clash City Rocker Check out Jay Babcock & Laris Kreslins's new monthly print mag called urlLink Arthur . This month's issue showcases the late, great, Joe Strummer and features a rad column by Byron Coley and Thurston Moore along with loads of other fantastic writing and artwork. Arthur is free. Arthur does not disappoint. If you cannot find it in your city, contact them and help get it there. Highly recommended.

 UntitledStates of America During the bleeding time, everyone contributed. Blood from the thinnest hearts squeaked out tiny dots of it - And from the muscled, gushed it down to cement, across streets Blinding do not walk reds. Sloshed in boots and ran deep like mortar. Bubbled on car roofs. Stuck in sockets like a paste. Gurgled by roots until all Summer fell, ended in dark gels at the curb, was flattened into memory books saved in the cellar, shot up telephone poles and splashed back into itself - Got its own photo taken. Went on the town. Crossed back to rural ina flash. Addressed itself as king, Grew hands out of meters and pressed them into use. -Jesse McGuinness

 Viewing the Hotbox This April, urlLink 3 AM Magazine will launch a new column by urlLink Matthew Wascovich called Viewing the Hotbox . It will highlight current books, music, art and film from around the globe with an emphasis on the underground and experimental. For consideration, email urlLink Matthew .

 The Sadness of Shopping Alone Sadness bites hardest in supermarket aisles. Idling foolishly in disinfected supermarket aisles. Displaced somehow between the supermarket aisles. Angling for products that don't actually exist. My endless quest for lone male consumables. The difficulty of being untogether. The fear of leaving yourself behind. The sadness of shopping alone... So strange; estranged.

 je'taime tourjours. jane birkin with the algerian boys in the band doing serge's songs... jane, one of our true english eccentrics.... posh girl over the edge whispering and wishing in black pants then red satin slinky, hair undone dancing like a dolly bird in the deserts of Morocco.... some stupid reviewer - london's evening standard - could'nt get past her looks - what does she do? pete clarke asked...moron! she just is!.... a night touched by magic, madness, sadness... you had to be there.

 Rocket from the Tombs live As some of you may know, as well and being part of Television and my own band, I have also joined a band called Rocket From The Tombs, or RFTT for short. RFTT was a band out of Cleveland who included David Thomas (Pere Ubu), Cheetah Chrome (Deadboys), Craig Bell (Saucers) and Peter Laughtner. They were responsible for getting Television to perform in Cleveland very early on, and they opened the show. (They also got in a big fight and broke up right after, and then all formed the other bands that they are better known for.) Unfortunately soon after, Peter Laughtner died, making a reunion difficult. Sometime last year I was contacted to find out if I could join as guitarist to take Peter's place, and I said yes immediately. the music is somewhat like a cross between Alice Cooper & Led Zeppelin, with a big freaky Ozzy in front. We did one show earlier in Los Angeles. At the rehearsals the band once again got in a big fight, with some bandmembers leaving the stage in a huff and others pouting, and I thought it might not get off the ground, but as showtime came around the band pulled together and ended up with standing ovations. (how, I will never know!). Everybody had an almighty blast, and we all decided to do it some more (fights and all) Rocket From The Tombs might soon be appearing in a town near you. Confirmed dates are as follows: Wed, June 4, Chicago, Abbey Pub Thu, June 5, Cleveland, Beachland Ballroom Fri, June 6, New York City, Village Underground Sat, June 7, New York City, Village Underground As David Thomas has put it, "We like playing together but this is no reunion and the whole thing may blow apart at any moment so don't assume you can see it next year." I concur. You can read more about it at the urlLink Ubu Projex website. May God bless, and good luck getting tickets to this one. Peace, and Safety to you all. Sincerely yours, Richard Lloyd PS Television has 2 shows coming up in May in Madrid and Barcelona.

 3AM in City Life "The last five years have seen the short story flourish again thanks to writers like Toby Litt and Dan Rhodes... and to the occasional website like The Richmond Review, 3AM Magazine and ABC Tales." Peter Wild, "Shelf Life", writing in Manchester's City Life magazine, April 16-23, 3003.

 Thalia Field reading in NYC Check out urlLink Thalia Field's reading on May 3rd at the urlLink Bowery Poetry Club . urlLink Thalia's reading is part of urlLink Renee Gladman's Segue series and starts at 4 p.m. [EST].

 Kim Gordon art show in NYC From April 19 May 18, 2003 PARTICIPANT INC will present STAIRWAY (IS IT MY BODY?) a solo exhibition of works by Kim Gordon. Based on a text written by the artist, this site-specific installation will incorporate recent and new works in painting, sculpture, video and sound. The textone in an ongoing series of music revisionist artists booksaddresses themes drawn from Gordons experience growing up in Los Angeles in the 70s: cars, hitch hiking, Charles Manson, rock music, and the intersection of modern and postmodern architecture. Somewhere in the desert canyons resided Joni Mitchellthe embodiment of consistent total brilliance. Her memories are aesthetic, like architecture. Using the particularities of L.A. architecture (wood and metal detailing, the colors of buildings, institutional murals) as catalysts for works, Gordon recalls the subtleties and obsessions of this formative moment. PARTICIPANT INC is located at 95 Rivington Street, between Ludlow and Orchard Streets in the Lower East Side. Gallery hours: Wednesday-Sunday, 12-7pm.

 Two dj's named James spin records tonight in London where: the social, 5 little portland street, london W1 when: tonight, monday, april 14th what: the impulse! club spring is in the air. so is jazz. so is reggae. it's monday and you can't stop.... regular dj's james E and james O will help you out with a heady mixture of lee perry, sonny rollins, ornette coleman, augustus clarke, booker ervin and king tubby it's free entry and goes from about 7 to about 11 see you there for a sea breeze and a love supreme inna firehouse

 You Can Probably Guess My Trajectory More by accident than design, I found myself in Stockholm. Death hung in the air like a light bulb. It was raining. It was night and winter and dark and raining and the streets thronged with badly dressed sports commentators, asking for directions. I walked through the dark streets, electing not to hop or skip or jump or sprint, but to walk. Finally, after walking for what seemed like minutes, I reached a broad square of shops and public houses, dimly illuminated by badly-maintained street lighting, into which many other streets converged also. The various quarters of the city were arranged around the square like working-class cake decorations. In the centre was a circular pool of water and in the middle, a small island. On the island stood a single tree, a magnolia. Next to the magnolia, stood a white-haired Irish man whistling Mr. Bojangles to himself. Seeing me loitering like a tourist, he spoke: "One day, my friend," he said, "your mouth will speak of remarkable things: unusual women and as-yet-unnamed psychological conditions." Although I had no reason to doubt his words, I did not believe him.

 The Horse Hospital is honoured to present the first UK showings of the work of Torontos luminary art / videotech composers : Tasman Richardson and Jubal Brown . The logical next step and natural heirs within the Burroughs / Leary / Throbbing Gristle / Psychic TV analysis into the destruction and re-contextualisation of mainstream media, Brown and Richardson are the founders of the JAWA style of video and co-curators of the infamous FAMEFAME movement. In conjunction with a premier UK retrospective screening of the duos milieu, The Horse Hospital will be running Richardson / Browns latest work - The Hymn to Thanateros as an installation for the two weeks following the screening. TASMAN RICHARDSON & JUBAL BROWN aggressive machine gun sex and death video style Thurs 3rd April 2003 7.30pm TASMAN RICHARDSON & JUBAL BROWN UK PREMIERE SCREENING 3rd APRIL 2003 Doors 7.30pm 6 / 5 members / concs The films include the harrowing "Vader Lives", "Teletubbies Rising", and "Mother May I Sleep with Danger?" (a "raging deathmetal satire of the teen death media obsession") INSTALLATION FRIDAY APRIL 4th SATURDAY APRIL 19th 12 6 Entrance is free but Donations Are Welcome. THE HORSE HOSPITAL COLONNADE BLOOMSBURY LONDON WC1N 1HX Palare pipe : ( 020 ) 7833 3644 Ajax caravansera ( when it's open, check before coming ) : Russell Square otherwise Holburn or Euston. popculture@thehorsehospital.com NEW WEBSITE : urlLink www.thehorsehospital.com

 Second edition of SPIELS OF A MINUTEMAN spiels of a minuteman is a bilingual (english/french) book that includes all lyrics that mike watt wrote for the minutemen from 1980 to 1985. the book also includes the 1983 minutemen/black flag tour diary of watt's first visit to europe. presentation and forword texts are by joe carducci, richard meltzer, thurston moore and, naturally, mike watt. raymond pettibon's drawings for the minutemen covers are included. the cover was drawn by monsieur simon boss. and silkscreened by leyla majeri. this second revised edition has a new cover and now includes an index of songs. 140 pages, 61/2 x 61/2 inches. limited to 2000 copies. More info urlLink here.

 Order I should have better secrets. (Lip twirled) The hiding spot: You cant even imagine The grass curling into straight bottle green. You cant When the sun comes up As a clean porch. Guess the weather. Kentucky furlough vs. West 10th, baby. I have the dust Under my tongue To prove it. -Jesse McGuinness

 urlLink Cobra Verde on tour (featuring J. Mascis): Tue 5/20/03: Albany, NY, Valentine's 17 New Scotland Ave., (518) 432-6572 Wed 5/21/03: Cambridge, MA, TT THE BEARS 10 Brookline St., Cambridge, (617) 492-BEAR Thu 5/22/03: Northampton, MA, Iron Horse 20 Center St., (413) 584-0610 Fri 5/23/03: New York, NY, Mercury Lounge 217 East Houston St., 212-260-4700 Sat 5/24/03: Brooklyn, NY, Southpaw 125 Fifth Ave., Park Slope, 718) 230-0236 Sun 5/25/03: Rochester, NY, The Bug Jar 219 Monroe Ave. Wed 5/28/03: Philadelphia, PA, Khyber Pass 56 S 2nd St., (215) 238-5888 Thu 5/29/03: Arlington, VA, IOTA Club & Cafe 2832 Wilson Blvd. Fri 5/30/03: Knoxville, TN, Pilot Light 106 E Jackson Ave., 865-524-8188 Sat 5/31/03: Atlanta, GA, The Earl 488 Flat Shoals Rd.

 urlLink Oneida on tour Mon May 19th -- Rome, Italy: LA PALMA (with Cat Power) Tue May 20th -- Naples, Italy: MARABU Wed May 21st -- Mestre, Italy: JAM Thu May 22nd -- Massa, Italy: BARAONDA Fri May 23rd -- Milan, Italy: BLOOM Sat May 24th -- Bologna, Italy: LINK Sun May 25th -- Frankfurt, Germany: DREIKOENIGSKELLAR Mon May 26th -- Berlin, Germany: BASTARD (with Joan of Arc) Tue May 27th -- Hamburg, Germany: HAFENKLANG (with The Seconds) Wed May 28th -- Groningen, The Netherlands: VERA Sat May 31st -- London, England: UNDERWORLD (with The Heads)

 The Horse Hospital, London, presents the creme of new books in a series of launches during May and June : for invitations please contact urlLink james@thehorsehospital.com THURSDAY MAY 29TH BOOK LAUNCH - 7.30pm Martyn Waites : Born Under Punches published by Simon & Schuster In the company of the author One of the brightest stars in the British crime writing firmament John J. Connolly Set in the author's native north east and centring on the miners' strike of 1984 - this tautly-plotted thriller follows the intertwined lives of five characters all linked in various ways to the strike. Moving seamlessly between 1984 and the present day, Born Under Punches reveals the strike's unforeseen and devastating repercussions - not only for those directly involved, but for future generations too. Born in Newcastle-upon-Tyne. Martyn Waites now lives in Essex. A former market trader; bar manager and stand-up comic, he is now a professional actor; a career he combines with writing. Martyn is Writer in Residence at Huntercombe Young Offenders' Institution and author of MARY'S PRAYER, LITTLE TRIGGERS, & CANDLELAND MONDAY JUNE 2ND BOOK LAUNCH : 6.30pm Iain Aitch : A Fte Worse Than Death A journey through an English summer Published by Headline Review In the company of the author A Fte Worse Than Death is a comical trip around England where Iain meets shin-kickers, crop circle makers, stag parties and a dog-bitten woman who asks him to marry her at Stonehenge. Iain witnesses the sailing of a Cornish pasty, plays cricket with trainspotters and gets all vitriolic about the horrors of Stratford Upon Avon. He also meets the very English Luftwaffe, visits both Pontins and Centerparcs and also attends more village ftes than it is healthy for one man to do. Come for the guess-the-weight-of-the-cake competition and stay for the human fruit machine. There will also be a short reading by Iain as well as bunting, books and music. About the Author : Born in Margate, Kent to the sound of a ropey tape recording of the Bow Bells as all good Margatonians are, Iain was christened on the Scenic Railway and later renounced his faith in the River Caves. He didn't like school, school didn't like him and he got out of town as soon as he could. And no, he never slept with Tracey Emin. Somehow the evil people at the dole office tricked him into working there. It took some years to realise that, despite vastly improved blackjack skills, the job wasn't suitable. Inventor of World Phone in Sick Day, Aitch became a writer and began organising an annual drunken rampage by 60-odd Santa Clauses. Iain still writes for a host of newspapers and magazines, still needs to tidy up his office and lives in London. urlLink http://www.iainaitch.com THURSDAY JUNE 5TH BOOK LAUNCH - 6.30pm The Air Loom Gang by Mike Jay Transworld Publishers In the company of the author London, the 1790s. Europe has been turned upside down by the French Revolution and the bloody Terror that followed it. Plots, counterplots and conspiracies seem to be edging England into a disastrous war with France. Operating undercover across the city as a gang of revolutionary terrorists armed with a machine unlike any the world has ever seen. They call it the Air Loom. The Air Loom works by animal magnetism, sending invisible rays to control the minds of its victims, forcing thoughts into their heads and tormenting them with unbearable agonies if they resist. The gang has control of the minds of politicians and generals and is bent on plunging France and England into war. The only man aware of the Air Loom Gang and their diabolical machine is a tea merchant from Wales called James Tilly Matthews. But Matthews is a long-term resident of the Bethlem Royal Hospital Bedlam. The Air Loom Gang tells James Tilly Matthews remarkable true story. Incarcerated in the worlds most notorious madhouse, his delusions became celebrated as the most complex and bizarre ever recorded. He remains one of the most famous cases in psychiatric history - the first man to believe that his mind was being controlled by an influencing machine. But the truth of his case was even stranger than his doctors realized: many of the incredible conspiracies in which he claimed to have been involved were entirely real. I have never seen the logic of madness, of a particular delusion, presented so clearly and convincingly. The Air Loom Gang is a wonderful book to read, combining exceptional scholarship and psychological insight with deep empathy for the tormented but always gentle and dignified Matthews. And it is beautifully written, with all the drama, the rich characterization, the subtlety, of a fine novel. Oliver Sacks About the author : Mike Jay is the author of The Air Loom Gang, Emperors of Dreams: Drugs in the Nineteenth Century, Blue Tide: The Search for Soma and Artificial Paradises: A Drugs Reader and editor of 1900: A Fin-de-Sicle Reader. FRIDAY JUNE 6TH BOOK LAUNCH - 6.30pm Victims By Travis Jeppesen Published by Akashic Press In the company of the author "Victims may by the most exciting first novel I've read in a decade or more. This is a brilliant, haunting, and, strangest of all, very funny novel." -- Dennis Cooper, author of Frisk Victims is a novel about the final days of a religious cult called The Overcomers. Like the infamous Heaven's Gate cult whose mass suicide gained world media attention in the 1990s, they are a small group of lost souls guided by the teachings of a charismatic leader, Martin Jones. The Overcomers go about their lives preparing for the cosmic event that will signal the end of their time on earth. Their struggles to reconcile their faith in Jones's teachings with the emotional ups and downs of their relationships, jobs, and interactions with the natural world form the subject of this exquisitely written and highly original novel. Based on extensive research into the rhetoric of religious cults, Victims is a novel of ideas in the tradition of modernist works like Magic Mountain and The Plague. Twenty-three-year-old author Travis Jeppesen uses an episodic narrative, an elegantly direct style, and a quirky, sympathetic group of characters to ponder a question raised by Jones's teachings: If friendship and love are just systems to instill comfort in our lives, are all human interactions acts of manipulation? Victims is set in a rural America of the imagination informed by classic American values -- and cleansed of the mundane distractions that characterize American culture. Travis Jeppesen has written a novel with a philosophical bravura rarely seen in the work of contemporary American writers. About the author : Travis Jeppesen was born in Ft. Lauderdale in 1979. His fiction and cultural criticism have appeared in Book Forum, 3am Magazine, The Stranger, and other publications, and he is a contributing editor to Pavement Magazine. Victims is his first novel. Having resided in Charlotte, Seattle, New York, Paris, Amsterdam, and Berlin, Jeppesen currently resides in an undisclosed Eastern European country. THURSDAY JUNE 12TH BOOK LAUNCH - 6.30pm Pamela Des Barres : IM WITH THE BAND- Confessions of a Groupie Helter Skelter Publishing In the company of the author Long overdue return to print for the ultimate story of sex, drugs and rock n roll - The definitive groupie memoir from the ultimate groupie. Frank and engaging memoir of affairs with Keith Moon, Noel Redding and Jim Morrison, travels with Led Zeppelin as Jimmy Pages girlfriend, and friendships with Robert Plant, Gram Parsons with whom she was particularly smitten, - and Frank Zappa. Follow Miss Pamelas adventures as she loses her virginity to a member of Steppenwolf, hangs out with Cynthia Plastercaster, enjoys close encounters with many members of the eras rock aristocracy, founds the Zappa-esque all-girl group the G.T.O.s, tours with Led Zeppelin - Jimmy Page had dark chilling powers and kept whips in his suitcase babysits Zappas kids, lives with Don Johnson and somehow survives. Miss Pamela, the most beautiful and famous of the groupies. Her memoir of her life with rock stars is funny, bittersweet, and tender-hearted. Stephen Davis, author of Hammer of the Gods THE HORSE HOSPITAL COLONNADE BLOOMSBURY LONDON WC1N 1HX 020 7833 3644 urlLink popculture@thehorsehospital.com urlLink www.thehorsehospital.com Media it say : " London's premiere underground and avant-garde centre. " ( luxnewswire, May 2003 ) " The current home of London's avant-garde. " ( Iain Aitch, London Evening Standard, 2002 ) " Londons most innovative test site for experimental film presentation. " ( Ian White, Whitechapel and Tate curator. ) " One of London's finest venues; if you're ever in London it should be added to your must-see list. " ( http://www.compulsiononline.com ) " where you find fresh expressions reaching for the sublime " ( The Guardian Website, Feb 2002 ) " The showcase for the finest minds of its generation " ( Res magazine, Toronto, 2003 ) " Modernidad extrema anclada en un marco antiguo. . El Hospital de Caballos se construy en 1797. A mediados del siglo 19 se reform y se declar edificio protegido. Desde entonces conserva su arquitectura. Nada cambi salvo que ya no da cobijo a carruajes y caballos. Sin embargo los inquilinos de entonces siguen estando presentes. Pero tambin es esta locura la que hace posible lugares como el Hospital de Caballos. Donde no existe la censura de lo polticamente correcto. Donde rige la idea de que slo traspasando normas y gustos establecidos puede nacer algo realmente innovador. " ( No Solo Musica, Spain, 2002 ) " The diversity of films is immense - from pure abstract formal expression to hard-core, queer/dyke porn. kinoKULTURE started in 1996 and now has a large fan-base. Artists and writers are encouraged to select and present their film choice, frequently coinciding with exhibitions. Recent hosts have included Jack Sargeant, who wrote the cult movie books : Deathtripping - Cinema of Transgression, and Naked Lens - Beat Cinema, offering a rare opportunity to see controversial underground shorts from New York (1980s) and Chicago (1990s). Also performance artist Franko B., presenting favoured new British and Canadian work alongside hilarious gay porn from Denmark. Horse Hospital screenings recall the recently demolished and sorely missed London Film Makers Coop (LFMC) in Camden, and kinoKULTURE has gained official approval from the British Film Institute (BFI) in the past. " ( Chris Barber, QX magazine, 2002 ) "The Horse Hospital is infinitely cooler because it comes from an organic mind-set and doesn't concern itself with any cosmetic bullshit," says Payne. "It doesn't give a f***, it just shows what it wants. Not like the ICA. For example, it would never dream of showing some sh**ty films and then getting Talvin Singh to bang a couple of tablas in front of it and charging 15 quid to get in. The Horse Hospital wouldn't do that, it would do something good, charge you five quid to get in and you'd have a lot more fun. I mean, f*** the ICA." ( Oliver Payne, The Evening Standard, 2002 )

 Dig it, Gumbylovers Paper Rad have included some of urlLink Parts & Labor's music in their newest flash animation movie. View it urlLink here.

 Broken Sunshine Saturday May 17th con-fu-sion, FAILE, and Tokion Magazine present brokeN Sunshine: an exploration of the positive influences of recession towards art and music. featuring Aliya Naumoff-photography Ben Eine-live installation Bast-painter Chris Glancy-photography David Ellis-painter Derrick Hodgson-painter FAILE-painter/video Gordon Hull-painter Phil Knott-photographer/video Richard Kern-video Sean Labounty-painter Vincent Skeltis-photography Wes Lang-painter Zevs-painter/video live performances from: Station Wagon Morningwood urlLink Mommy and Daddy Suicide DJs Alex English Alex Malfunction Hiro Jaesun Celebre Nando Vazquez Location: Firehouse 87 Lafayette St., New York Opening Reception: 1-6 pm Bands: 7-12 pm for ticket information: info@con-fu-sion.com Proceeds will be donated to Art Start

 Rattapallax 9 Launch Party New Brazilian & American Poetry May 9, 2003 at 7:30 pm WhiteBox Gallery 525 West 26th Street (between 10th and 11th Avenues) New York City FREE Hosted by co-editors Edwin Torres & Flvia Rocha. With DJ Derek Beres, Brazilian food & drink! Featuring Cecilia Vicua, Todd Colby, Willie Perdomo, Brian Kim Stefans, Marcella Durand, Ange Mlinko, Rodrigo Toscano, Paul Skiff, Magdalena Zurawski, Jena Osman, Patrcia Soldati, Matias Mariani, and others.

 New from urlLink Akashic Books 1) FIREWATER, a green novel by Edward Cohen "This may not be the first environmental novel, but its the first one that produces belly laughs." --MARY BRINGLE, author of Murder Most Gentrified [full book details below] 2) JONAH SEES GHOSTS, a novel by Mark Sullivan "A stunning look at the addictive personality of an adolescent boy in an alcoholic family." --LIBRARY JOURNAL [full book details below] ************************ FIREWATER a green novel by Edward Cohen $13.95, A Trade Paperback Original, 200 pages, ISBN: 1-888451-43-2 Publication Date: June 2003 Firewater is the first selection of the Akashic Rural Surreal series. "A comic, surrealistic response to a very real problem: the collusion of government and big business to create the science of death and the death of science . . . a monoculture of death . . . A wild romp." --LIBRARY JOURNAL "Eccentric, hilarious . . . This may not be the first environmental novel, but it's the first one that produces belly laughs." --MARY BRINGLE, author of Murder Most Gentrified "All the feeling of Abbey in the words of Bukowski." --JAMES RIDGEWAY, author of Blood in the Face "From Bhopol to Chernobyl, from Love Canal to the polluted oyster flats of the Northwest, Edward Cohen wards off depression by rapping the funny bone. Here, where paranoia is no longer a disease, but a given of the human condition, Ed Cohen's hyperbolic imagination is an irreverent tonic." --JOHN GARDINER, author of Great Dream From Heaven FIREWATER is a brutally funny environmental suspense novel featuring CHIEF SHELLDRAKE, favorite son for the US presidency and last hope for the world's survival. A perfect anti-hero for the post-apocalypse, Shelldrake is equal parts RALPH NADER (in his zealous environmental activism), SITTING BULL (in his proud tribal loyalties), HUEY LONG (in his fiery demagogic populism), and WILLIAM JEFFERSON CLINTON (in his unquenchable appetite for voluptuous young women). EDWARD STONE COHEN (1937-1999) was born in Massachusetts and lived his final years toggling between two unique hotels, of which he and his wife were proprietors -- the Tabard Inn in Washington, DC, and the Moby Dick in Washington State. He was a tireless environmental activist. ****** JONAH SEES GHOSTS a novel by Mark Sullivan $13.95, A Trade Paperback Original, 196 pages, ISBN: 1-888451-04-1 Publication Date: July 2003 "Written with insight and compassion, this is a stunning look at the addictive personality of an adolescent boy in an alcoholic family." --LIBRARY JOURNAL "Mark Sullivan writes with beautiful, introspective clarity. In young Jonah, he captures perfectly the conviction of perception that only the young have." --HENRY ROLLINS "Beset with the visions of a BOSCH, and the honesty of a HENRY MILLER, Mark Sullivan's young protagonist faces the twenty-first century in bewilderment. With the invention of this anti-hero all his own, Sullivan leaves us wiser in our admiration for his remarkable first novel." --JOHN ROLFE GARDINER, author of Great Dream from Heaven JONAH SEES GHOSTS is a shocking, touching, and humorous debut novel that blends magical realism with a figurative study of the ways alcohol abuse shapes the personalities within a family. Resembling a stylish blend of S.E. Hinton, Stephen King, and Tom McGuane, Jonah Sees Ghosts tells the story of fifteen-year-old Jonah Hart, a boy with a problem he's afraid to share: Not only does he see ghosts, but when he dreams at night, he leaves his body and travels in the ether -- a compellingly addictive form of retreat. AS THE GHOSTS THAT PLAGUE HIM become more and more aggressive, Jonah withdraws into his dream world; when things there turn dangerous as well, the boy is forced to make a stand from the full depths of abandonment and isolation in a last stab at redemption. At its heart, Jonah Sees Ghosts is a story of love within dysfunction and the adaptability of the human spirit. MARK J. SULLIVAN, III is a writer and a musician. He lives in Brooklyn, New York, with his wife and two sons and is currently working on his second novel, Angel, Fallen from Heaven. contact: Johanna Ingalls Akashic Books PO Box 1456 New York, NY 10009 Akashic7@aol.com www.akashicbooks.com

 Ringing Days Noise that will not dissappoint: urlLink Mindflayer .

 The Chuck Dukowski SEXTET with Lynn Johnston on Sax and Clarinet Bill Stinson on Drums Lora Norton on Vocals SACCHARINE TRUST with Jack Brewer and Joe Baiza and THE SIXTH CHAMBER Will Play on SUNDAY 29 June (Show Starts at 6PM, All Ages) at the KNITTING FACTORY 7021 Hollywood Blvd

 Long march to Cleveland Article regarding Sonic Youth and Thurston Moore urlLink here.

 A light but refreshing serving of French humour. Perhaps you guys will actually enjoy this. It's not often that the French can make me laugh but they sometimes do. http://bekow.free.fr/magnum/ G.

 I think this is funny, but I'm not sure as yet. http://www.artfags.org/ G.

 Postcard Poems + Oxygen in San Fracisco, California on Sunday, August 3 @ 7pm Poetry Espresso wishes you HERE: 2202 Oxygen Bar 795 Valencia @ 19th San Francisco to celebrate & read from Postcard Poems books readings (in pairs) by: Cassie Lewis Tim Yu Stephanie Young Jennifer Dannenberg Nick Piombino Catherine Meng Del Ray Cross & if you can't attend you can nab these lovely books here: www.poetryespresso.org

 urlLink Tough and Lovely on tour Weds. July 30 urlLink Lit Lounge - 93 2nd Ave. East Village NY, NY 9pm w/ The Victoria Lucas Thurs. July 31 urlLink ">Abbey Lounge - 3 Beacon St. Inman Square Somerville, MA 9:30pm w/ Mr. Airplane Man Fri. Aug. 1 urlLink Club Luxx - 256 Grand St. Williamsburg Brooklyn, NY 7:30pm w/ Suntanama (early show!) Sat. Aug. 23 urlLink Skully's Music Diner - 1151 N. High St. Columbus, OH Spoonful Records 7" Release Party Fri. Aug. 29 urlLink Beachland Ballroom - 15711 Waterloo Cleveland, OH 9:30pm w/ the Blazers

 New poems from Mark Kuhar urlLink Acrobats in Catapult Twist , a new book of fresh, grit, shitty-beautiful poems straight outta Ohio. Find Kuhar's zine, Deep Cleveland Junkmail Oracle, urlLink here.

 The Jeff Gauthier Goatette, Thursday, July 24, in Culver City, California Nels Cline - electric guitar David Witham - piano Joel Hamilton - bass Alex Cline - drums Jeff Gauthier - electric violin "Gauthier and his group show how it should be done, rooting themselves solidly in the jazz tradition while at the same time extending and revitalizing it. Not to be missed." Bill Tilland, BBCi.com Check out the CD "Mask" Club Tropical 8641 Washington Blvd, Culver City 2 blks East of the Helms Bakery $10 adults, $5 students. All ages Great Salvadoran Food. Full Bar. Safe Neighborhood

 Parts and Labor in New York Come see urlLink P&L rock it with Coachwhips, the band so gangsta that the NYFD shuts down every damn show they play here. Coachwhips (from CA, ex-Pink & Brown) Parts & Labor Cheeseburger @ Knitting Factory Saturday, July 26 10 PM $7 +#++#+#+##+#+#+#+#+###++#+#+++#+#+##+#+#+ But first... come see me (Dan Friel) rock some new beats/noise/electronics tonight at Luxx. TK webb Dan Friel Djin teeth(fangs) 9PM $5 I'm told these fangs folks are from Portland, OR, and bring the circus rock, accordion style.

 mike watt, bassman, in creem magazine urlLink creem link 1 urlLink creem link 2

 Greetings Unpleasant People! ******* KARAOKE + POETRY = FUN returns Tuesday, July 15, 9:30pm Tonight, Karaoke + Poetry = Fun takes place tomorrow at (Tuesday 7/15) the The Bowery Poetry Club, 9:30pm, 308 Bowery @ Bleecker; www.bowerypoetry.com; 212-614-0505, $6. Come early and sign up to read/sing. Actually, send an email to daniel@unpleasanteventschedule.com and say you're going to read/sing -- I'll "put you on the list." I just love saying that. Tomorrow's special guest for the "verses and vibrato" (Time Out New York) is Open City. Also: Andrew Lewis Conn, my Soft Skull labelmate and author of the critically acclaimed novel "P," will have a go at rocking the mike as well. http://www.unpleasanteventschedule.com/KPF/KPF.htm http://opencity.org/ http://www.pthenovel.com ******* UNPLEASANT EVENT SCHEDULE remains just unpleasantly wonderful Much a-brewin' in UES Land. Just up: Five poems by Matthew Wascovich, art by David Wolin Just archived: David Trinidad's "Food of the Gods" http://www.unpleasanteventschedule.com/ ******* LA PETITE ZINE lives on with two great new editors Danielle Pafunda and Jeffrey Salane, the new editors of my old journal, La Petite Zine, have released their first issue, Lucky #13. Check out new work from Eula Biss, Arielle Greenberg, David Lehman, Heidi Peppermint, Joshua Beckman, Laura Solomon, Tina Brown Celona ("Sunday Morning Cunt Poem" is priceless), Jedediah Berry. Oh, and me, Daniel Nester. http://www.lapetitezine.org ******* DUCKY plucks poetic upchuck, fictional foi gras Really bad headline, I know. But I do I help edit another duck-based journal that's based in my old hometown, Philadelphia. It's called DUCKY, and its third issue is just out. New writing from Matthew Rohrer, CA Conrad, Catherine Daly, Nelly Reifler, Brian Henry, and Jeffrey Salane (with my vote for the best opening line of late: "A nun walks into a bar, orders drinks round the house"), and so much more. http://www.duckymag.com ******* Other announcements, pleasantly unpleasant events from UESers July 15, 2003 -- 7:30 p.m. -- Bernadette Geyer and Laura Brylawski-Miller will read at the Joaquin Miller Cabin Poetry Series, Rock Creek Park, Picnic Area #6, Beach Drive at Military Road Overpass, Washington, DC. The event is sponsored by The Word Works, a non-profit independent publisher of poetry in Washington, DC. http://www.writer.org/wordwork/miller_cabin.html for details on the event. 2003 UQ Vanguard Literary Award, sponsored by Archives Fine Books. Deadline: 1st of September 2003. First place: $3,500 + publication for top five stories. Also: $500 bonus LiterARTure Award. Short story: 3000 to 5000 words, with option to illustrate. Conditions and entry form available on the web: www.emsah.uq.edu.au/uqvanguard or send an SSAE to UQ Vanguard, c/o Clubs and Societies, UQ Union, University of Queensland, 4072. Contact email: uqvanguard@uq.edu.au

 THAT WE MIGHT BETTER CELEBRATE THE FEW FREEDOMS WE HAVE LEFT The Ecstatic Yod Collective has organized the MORE HAIR LESS BUSH tour. Three Dates, this July. Friday July 11 at the New Grass Center for Underground Culture, Florence MA (directions on www.yod.com site) 413-587-9400 221 pine street #4b1 florence Sunday July 13 at Tonic, Manhattan (directions on www.tonicnyc.com site) 212-358-7501 107 Norfolk St. NYC between delancey & rivington Wednesday July 16 at La Salla Rosa, Montreal (directions on www.casadelpopolo.com site) 514.284.3804 4848 Boul. St.-Laurent, Montreal Music of freedom by: THE DREDD FOOLE/CHRIS CORSANO AKTION UNIT Explosive two man improvisations for mouth, drums and mouth. A sound so visceral it must be experienced in the goddamn flesh. No technology can capture it. THE MVEE MEDICINE SHOW Former Tower Recordings artists, now relocated to the wilds of Southern Vermont, playing, singing, and spinning tales and savage tunes from all avant-volk traditions. CHRISTINA CARTERS BLIND DATE PROJECT This Texas string/voice genius pairs up with three different improvisers. In Florence, reed maestro Paul Flaherty; in Manhattan, string glider, Loren Connors; in Montreal, harmonica great, Thurston Moore. Words of freedom by: VALERIE WEBBER Ass kicking Canadian poet, whose first book, Dimly Lit Wildlife will be issued by Glass Eye Books just in time to be tour merch! CHARLES PLYMELL Godfather of Zap Comics, creator of the Wichita Vortex, host of Cherry Valley Editions, and so much more. One of the great poets of the centuries & a mad polemicist to boot. BYRON COLEY Massachusetts-based peddler of smut poems. At Tonic, there will be additional readings by: GARY PANTER Father of Jimbo, inventor of the best parts of the L.A. punk ethos (like the Screamers logo), and a dedicated fan of Chaucer. He will shake it all loose! JOHN MORTON From the Electric Ells to Johnny & the Dicks to Electricfuckingeeels.com, John Morton has ridden the hot wires of aggressive-art in as many dark nooks as anyone. Tonight, he will rip some new assholes. Tasty! In Montreal, there will be an additional reading by Thurston Moore. The Montreal show will also be broadcast by KCUT, so if you cant make it, make it. For reservations for the Florence MA show, please contact Chris at the number above or Food that night will be at 7:00, show at 8:00. And it may be hot, so wear clean underwear. Thanks.

 3AM Magazines Leaving the 21st Century a clash of literature and rock and roll Saturday 26 July 2003 - Horse Hospital, Colonnade, Bloomsbury, London WC1 Pioneering online culture journal 3AM (a dream publication for the young, literary and clued-up The Times) is hosting its first shindig at Londons Horse Hospital (The UKs National Gallery of Underground Art Dazed and Confused) on Saturday 26 July 2003. Curated by 3AMs Andrew Gallix, Richard Marshall and Andrew Stevens, the event promises to thrill, chill and spill into the subconscious of this summer. The confirmed line-up so far is (in alphabetical order): Steve Aylett Surreal satirist author of The Inflatable Volunteer, Slaughtermatic and Bigot Hall. Nicholas Blincoe Author of White Mice, Manchester Slingbacks and The Dope Priest. Editor (with Matt Thorne) of All Hail the New Puritans. Frank Chickens Multimedia artist of many talents. Billy Childish (Live Set) Progenitor of the garage rock revival and member of Thee Headcoats and The Buff Medways. Author, poet and artist. Matthew Collings Modern art critic, broadcaster (This Is Modern Art Channel 4) and author (Blimey and Art Crazy Nation) Vic Godard Subway Sect frontman. Preethi Nair Author of Gypsy Masala and One Hundred Shades of White. Kerri Sharp Author of Wicked Words and Black Lace. Richard Strange Solo singer-songwriter, former frontman of legendary punx the Doctors of Madness and author of Strange: Drunks and Punks, Kicks and Flicks. Mitzi Szereto (and contributors) Erotica author Erotic Fairy Tales and Erotic Travel Tales. Matt Thorne New Puritan author of Child Star and Tourist. Editor (with Nicholas Blincoe) of All Hail The New Puritans. Paul Tickell Film director Crush Proof and Christy Malrys Own Double Entry. Steven Wells Legendary NME hack, video director and author of Tits Out Teenage Terror Totty! Tommy Udo Author of Vatican Bloodbath. The event will run from 6pm to 11.30pm. DJs and bar. Entry: 5 all night More: contact Andrew Stevens on 07952 164750 or astevens@3ammagazine.com See for yourself http://www.3ammagazine.com/ http://www.thehorsehospital.com/

 More Than Music Festival FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE March 29, 2003 Columbus, Ohio Organizers have announced that the 11th Annual More Than Music Festival will take place in Columbus, Ohio on July 11th and 12th, 2003. The event will be held at The Factory, a prestigious multi-stage/multi-room venue that will allow the hosting of music, art, film, and speaker/discussion led panels and workshops. During the past ten years, More Than Music has undergone much change, innovation, and diversification each year simultaneously reflecting and building upon the present community through the medium of a music festival. A music festival not only intent on showcasing performers large and small (for More Than Music has always served as a proving ground for many of the underground scenes up-and-coming bands, who soon exploded into national prominence) but whose profits are always extended to benefit local and national organizations/projects. For its eleventh and final year, More Than Music embraces experience and evolution to showcase the spirit and excitement of the event, artist and audience combined. More Than Music has certainly lived up to its name, creating a forum where music itself can be the medium that brings people together, and where a discussion of politics can move beyond the rhetoric of government or activism and into the realms of philosophy, aesthetics, ethics, ethnicity, environment, and the choices we make every day. Appearing at previous festivals have been the Carbon Defense League, Ruckus Society, Lost Film Collective, as well as workshops and discussion panels led by renowned graffiti artists and many, many prominent activists. More Than Music 2003 casts the net wider to reach out across different genres and scenes in order to forge links between them. In doing so its recognized that many of the same ethics and Do It Yourself attitudes are shared between the hip-hop, techno, indie, noise, industrial, metal, jazz, and hardcore scenes. More Than Music has showcased 250+ artists and speakers over the past decade, including groups such as Adult, Avail, Blood Brothers, Bratmobile, Converge, Delta 72, The Faint, Get Up Kids, Hot Water Music, Jets to Brazil, Lightning Bolt, The Locust, Milemarker, Party of Helicopters, The Promise Ring, Q and Not U, Rainer Maria, The Rapture, Shellac, Suicide, and The Walkmen. The lineup for More Than Music 2003 will be announced in the upcoming weeks. More Than Music has received press coverage in Alternative Press, Spin Magazine, Black Book, Village Voice, Rolling Stone, Stuff and on MTV2. Spin calls it an indie nerds wet dream, and Stuff says, Looking for the future of rock? Come here and see the best of the underground. The beneficiaries of the festival include Food Not Bombs, Project Open Hand, Kaleidoscope Youth Coalition, Central Ohio Abortion Access Fund, Buckeye Regional Anti Violence, and Amnesty International. To request a media kit on this event or to line up coverage and/or press passes, please contact Peter Bottomley of Skyscraper Media at 303-544-9858 or peter@skyscrapermedia.net. www.morethanmusic.org www.factorycolumbus.com www.skyscrapermedia.net

 >>>ARTROCKER-TORIAL 94 >>THIS WEEK...DELIA MENTIONS JOHNNY CASH - A LOT...PARSLEY EXPERIENCES THE NEW >>YORK POWERCUT...DEB DIGS MARS...STEWART REMINDS US THAT THEY HAVE A TUBE >>SYSTEM IN GLASGOW...DAVE BURTON HAS MORE FUN ON TOUR WITH YEAH YEAH YEAHS... >>TOM SAMPLES THE ATMOSPHERE...MELLISH MEETS HOLLY GOLIGHTLY OUTSIDE >>TIFFANY'S...TEQUILA IS UNIMPRESSED BY THE GA GA'S SHENANIGANS...AND STUFF!! So here we are, Thursday and I'm still suffering the effects of Leeds. That's the festival, not the city, although I did live in Leeds for a while back there, and it took a few years to recover from that experience, they like a drink in them parts! To be more specific, I haven't recovered from Friday night when The Hells strutted their wonderful stuff. After a horrendous journey of 6 and a 1/2 hours (twice as long as usual) we stumbled, crook backed from car seats, into The Hells dressing room wherein our dusty eyes beheld a veritable feast of booze. Artrockers, I lay into it like a man posessed, a very large bottle of vodka being my prime target, determined to cut it down to size. Of course this was a battle that the bottle was always going to win. Within a frighteningly short space of time I was doing the old wobbly walk, like a sailing boat running against the wind, I tack far over to the left on one leg, hit a wall and tack wildly to the right on the other leg till a hard surface is encountered. This walking technique is long winded and means that you walk at least 4 times as far as you need to in order to reach your destination. And when you do pitch up, half an hour later and a good 50 feet from your starting point, damned if you can remember why you wanted to go there in the first place. Best take a leak so as not to waste the journey and then start tacking back in the general direction of drunken voices. We've all done it at one time or another haven't we Artrockers? It's only human. The subtle difference here was that the whole thing was being filmed by the documentary team that's been following us around all year. Have you any idea how hard I've been working at portraying the correct, sober, image? And I blew the whole schmeer over one large bottle of Smirnoff. I need to find the contract, did we ask for 'final cut'? Hang on a second, not only is there no 'final cut' clause, there is no contract. We are trusting souls who beleive in community baby! Let's hope the film makers are of a similar mind set, that footage is dynamite, my fan base will be terribly disillusioned. I know this because I asked him. Apparently, and I'm not proud of this, unable to walk or even talk, I drove us all over to the camping grounds with Paul's hand hovering over the steering wheel. Many years ago, when you could still get away with it, I perfected a drunken driving technique that has never failed me, close one eye and the road stops wandering around in an unpredictable manner. This technique I now applied and, with an average speed of 1 mph, made it safe and sound to the tents. Which was the cue for Myshkin's Tequila to be unwrapped and for my memory to shut down, all else is blamk until I found myself, in the cool morning dew, fertilising a tree with the day before's food and drink. I felt fairly chipper after that, that's chipper as in not quite so fucked as I was. The rest of the day was viewed from the right side of a very dark pair of Aviators which did nothing for my cool factor, smeered as I was with puke and grass stains. The fesival? Well, it was a festival wasn't it?, same as they ever are. It made a nice change from Reading though in that we could walk through the guest bar without wild eyed record company execs. leaping out and berating us for slagging off their latest Indie tossers. Speaking of whom, The Thrills are on the radio right now and Jack, quite rightly, asked who the hell likes this band. My answer was "old men who like a nice four part harmony because it reminds them of The Byrds or The Fannies or something like that - it reminds them of their youth!" Old and in the way, meet young and totally irrelevant. Acoustic guitars are the work of the devil: discuss. TOM ARTROCKER >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> CONTENTS. 1. DELIA'S GIG GUIDE >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> 1. >>>DELIA'S GIG GUIDE >Johnny Cash: How do I get to be him? Some music is so great that i can't really deal with listening to it. It jiggles through my veins as though i've got a drip putting it in intraveneously. I feel my skin crinkling and my fingers clenching trying to cope with the glory of pop. I dance around my room but can't go fast/slow/high/small/big enough. I shoot sparks of pop out of my fingernails and my hair falls out and re-attaches itself with frustration. when i am an old (er) lady i will be pushed around in a wheelchair (by sadistic jailers in debtors prison actually) and when i hear the faint echoes of tunes coming out of peoples windows you'll see my eyelashes flicker in get-up-dance desires. >Soundtracks this week. Oh it's all gone Johnny Thunders. CAn't put your arms >around a memory. What a tune. I kiss that tune. I put my arms around the memory of that tune whether Johnny likes it or not. Also Angel Corpus Christi. Something about her voice makes you feel wistful and raw-hearted. Bleak is out and New York cool and Angel knows all about it. And The Violent Femmes. There's such good music out there. Forget about this weeks cool. Go and dig deep in your record collection (or someone else's) and rejoice in all that is great. Jubilations and salutations to all that is good and pure in pop. The greatness and perfection of pop can hit you in the face like a frying pan in a Tom And Jerry cartoon. Johnny Cash: I'd even be a christian if i could be Johnny Cash. R.I.P. Wesley Willis. 'Off-Kilter' , 'untoward' and well..let's face it...kinda bonkers. More blatant in having most of his songs sound quite similar than most bands admit to but if you've got such a genius song and such a great approach? well then that's okay. With songs about McDonalds and Urge Overkill and even (i had the great pleasure to witness..) about the Country Teasers he was a one man tribute band. I am very privileged and proud to be able to tell that I met and headbutted with Wesley and he was a sweetheart. Where's like him? Not many and they're all dead.... Johnny Cash: He can and does sing anything and it sounds like the song they'll be playing when the end of the world comes. >>>LAST WEEK >Thursday: A little tired....am djing for my friends singer-songwritery accordions/ melodica/ baby-jazz-drum kit bashing night. I meet some old friends. Ones in a band that's just been signed. I think everyone in London is in a band. They'll have to draw lots soon for who has to be the audience. And the ones that aren't in bands are DJS. Which are you? Bagsy not my turn to be roadie. Johnny Cash: JOHNNY CASH!!! >Friday: The Bull And Gate. Milky Wimpshake/ A-Lines/ Speed Of Sound/ Cut-Outs/ Spinmaster Plantpot. We show up at 6.30pm for our soundcheck. The soundman was supposed to have been there since 5 soundchecking other bands and sorting out backline etc. Some kinda of muddle sees him turning up at about 7.30pm. Five bands to soundcheck in 30 minutes. We are all a little apprehensive and anticipating big fat Technical Hitches! But actually the sound is fantastic! Okay no one gets to rehearse all those songs they wish they knew better but maybe all those long soundchecks are just unnecessary (gasp!). Yes 5 minutes per band is the new soundcheck. Why make the bar staff listen to 2 hours of snare drum soundchecks? it's a drum. it's going to go bang. does it really matter on the exact tonal quality of the bang? no. well probably yes actually...Spinmaster Plantpot is a one man rant machine, the cut-outs are like a band that you once saw supporting the 14 iced bears, the shop assistants or the passmore sisters a kind of shamble-fi keyboard peep-po pop hurtle down a pile of stairs piled up with razorcuts, talulah gosh and aaardvarks records (yes bit of that in there too...). Speed of sound are like the soundtrack to a strange european '60s film that's about swinging London without actually having been there...Kind of slightly jarred memories of groovy organ-beat go-go parties with a bitter aftertaste. The A-lines is my band (sorry i always say this but i don't want you to think that i'm going to ignore the fact that they're my band and then say amazing things about them as though i'm not in them or something and then you'll find out and think i'm a faker/ even more of a faker etc etc etc...) Well anyway it's not my place to review my own band. But someone from the Milky Wimpshake Sunderland scene crew tells me that we're 'champion' . And we sell 20 badges!!!! That's shifting units! If you think that there were maybe 120 people there. 20 had badges already then that's 20 percent of people that brought badges. And that's not allowing for people who would have brought badges if they'd realized we had some. So if you apply that to the world (this is of course assuming that the rest of the world would have been at a wimpy milkshake gig on a friday night if they'd only but known about it...) that means i should get about 5 billion badges made. maybe. And hurray! We're really getting someplace! We have picked up some girl-band stalkers! Every all-girl band needs at least one slightly odd male fan. All is right with the world. A man tells me he likes my bass playing whilst staring very hard at a part of me that i definitely don't use when i'm playing bass. he does the same for our guitarist. I meet a man who gave us a bad review once. He denies it was a bad review. I (being a sad fuck...) quote parts of it to him. He tells me I've totally mis-interpreted it and shuffles from foot to foot in oh-dear-ness. One of my bands once got a bad album review in a fanzine. I asked the man who did the bad review if I could have the album back as he obviously didn't like it....but I think it had already gone down the record and tape exchange....anyway enough sad bitterness from the past.... My brother has gone to the Sights at the dirty water club. he says they're good but a bit like hansom gone rock. Johnny Cash: Take everything you own to the Record and Tape exchange and get some Johnny. >Saturday: Shit. Was going to go to Reading today. Okay they took The Darkness away from me and put them on an inaccessible Friday but i was still going to go. But all the bands that I particularly want to see are on early. The Futureheads are on at something like 12noon. And it's now 11am and i've just woken up (Maggie is affectionately pulling my hair with her smelly fish teeth strongly implying that it's kitties brekkers time...) Even if i had a helicopter in my garden to get over the fact that on bank holiday they've fucked up half the trains i still wouldn't make it to reading in time to see the futureheads. or even the agenda or probably not even jet. fuck. so i spend the day sulking like a fulish fule. later that evening i go to the buffalo bar to do the door for careless talk costs lives. Scout Niblett/ Todd/ La Momo/ Swearing At Motorists / gordon from cindytalk. Today i am a little bit of a tipsy door-lady. But fear not I stare extra carefully at every note to cancel out the voddikinis effect. Chocolate vodka and lemonade is definitely the coctail of the moment. Except don't have too many of you will definitely be sick (not that i did...- honest- much as john ctcl would have liked to have seen this thank you very much john...) Scout Niblett is wandering around in her Morwenna-Banks-as-naughty-child wig and a circus leotard style outfit. She looks about 20 years younger than she does in the photos i've seen of her. this is odd...normally press photos do their best to blend out oldiness and make you appear smooth and pop-star-beautiful. Scout is much prettier in real life (which is as it should be....). Swearing At Motorists is a Zappa-looking chap plus drummer playing retro style alt-rock which reminds me very much of a band called The Lucys but no one else apart from me ever liked them (not that i ever spoke to anyway) so that probably won't mean much to you. After his set there are still people queueing outside that couldn't get in to see his set. So he takes his guitar outside and plays some songs for the people in the queue. This is cool. I give him 10 out of 10 for coolness on that. He is very enthusiastic/exuberant about what he does. good. i hate moaning minnie bands.la Momo are sort of No Fun on synths and casio handclap beats machines with girl vocals and swooshy syntho noise. Todd are a cacophonous hairy-face noise opera of chunderous noise. Mark and jean-michael bouncer do silly grrrr-punk dances which should definitely be on the Todd video if there ever is one. The Very Famous I Produced The Strokes Gordon Raphael comes to see Todd. He pays to get in without any 'i'm famous gimme freebies' try-outs. I respect him much more for this than any work he did on The Strokes album. A whole bunch of people totally totally love what Scout Nibletts doing. Me i'm a pleb and i just don't get it. she's drumming along to her own singing in a bit of a free-form style....she's doing the 'give me an a, give me a b' type chants that go on so long i lose track of what word she's spelling. (or is it random letters..???) but like i say people are screaming ecstactically at what she's doing/singing/performing so it's just me don't you worry. Gordon Sharpe of Cindytalk does a late night swooshy beats behind eerie little couple of songs. Earlier he has had sushi delivered! OOoh get him ! we say....rock-star....but no....the sushi wasn't ordered! someone has had it delivered as a suprise....spooky and little embarassing but yum veggie sushi is scrummy. Johnny Cash: What can I say? >Tuesday: Buffalo Bar- The Electric Shockis/ Whirlwind Heat. I recommend the new electric shocks video. make tom and paul show it to you. kinda found it in a skip version of the bangles going down to liverpool video. on the bus going from kings cross to camden i pass the site of this video. it will be on the (art) rock tour of fame anyday now. came to this show too late to see the bands but I Heard They Were Good!!!! Johnny Cash....!!!! >Wednesday: Public life- yes a toilet indeed. The Square Mile Group are playing. Someone wanders in. 'Two pounds entrance please' the doorlady asks. 'is their a concessionary rate?' asks the customer. She is not joking. We are entertainingly shocked by her stinginess. Square Mile Group aren't helped by the fact that they really are playing a toilet and the sound swings around your head in a bit of an echo chamber battering. But it's kinda Astrid Gilberto style soothing jazzed up indie-bossa stuff that pokes it's head out of the reverberations every now and then. Even the bar-staff gently tap their toes doobie-doobie-doo. >>>NEXT WEEK >THURSDAY ***Cobden Club- Club Whoopee. A Mexicali theme and lots of scantily clad ladies in a burlesque affair. Including a Freida Kahlo tableaux! ***Hms President- A punk-funk band on a boat. This band is all the NME website has on it today. ***Garage- RAdio 4/ Calla/ Maybe Futureheads...more punk-funk this one is for charity....no boat though. ***Underworld- The Locust- shrieking noise synth mayhem madness attack. in funny outfits. ***Water-rats- Spearmint (it's a super pop thingy) and Subway Sect (it's a legendary even popper thing with Vic Godard and some sublime songs). >FRIDAY ***Monarch- Client. Whatever happened to Dub Star? This did. bit more synth-pop but still them icy cool vocals. ***Garage- Pretty Girls Make Graves (girly fronted punk jerks), The Blood Brothers (never seen them but people tell me dead good thigns...). ***ALSO! The Tapestry Weekend starts today! Get your arse down to Cornwall, get your spurs on! It's the battle of the country bands and the no-good punks! Expect The Country Teasers, The Beatings, Pink Grease, Gin Palace, loads loads more. Three days for 20 quids. >SATURDAY ***Spitz- Brave Captain (geezer from Boo rads), Kicker (super soul fronted pop stuffs), Relict (i think a clientele spin-off being v. mellow pop?) plus DJS from St Etienne and Ash all in aid of Young I.A. charity. ***Needles- Homocrime club with The Gossip punk hollering diva lady and The Battys a Lesbo Pig spin-off. >SUNDAY ***Club Tiki All Dayer with horns and hammond band Gene Drayton Unit and the Sugar Creek Trio. oh yeah this is at South London Pacific. >MONDAY ***Metro- An acoustic show from Lemonhead country boy Evan Dando at a Death Disco night. >TUESDAY ***Buffalo Bar- The Dirty (one of the best of the current London sprawly stir-it-up punk bands) and The Blood Group (kinda less laid-back / more sharp-edged) at an art-rocker night. ***Betsy Trotwood- A Ruby Tuesday indie-club night with Kicker again. ***Arts Cafe- The Pictures- synth-poppery from former Rosita lady. ***100 club- soledad brothers- one of them bluesy punky things. >WEDNESDAY ***Stag-O-Lee- ole mens drinking den for young old men and ladies. dominoes and poker and sandwiches and drinking. at the new evaristo in greek street opposite the pillar of hercules. ***Spitz- Clientele- Indie-pop gintle-ben style. ***Arts Cafe- Wisdom Of Harry/ Klang- Pete Astors indie-rockers and if i tell you that klang was the studio that kraftwerk used to record in does that give you a clue perchance hmm? about what they sound like i mean. i'm not alluding to some special secret gig. ***Electric Ballroom- OKGO/ Webb Brothers - hmm heard some okgo ages ago kind retro '60s beat stuff if i remember aright with support from luscious harmony -pop brothers with kinda psychy pop tunes. >THURSDAY ***Underworld- can't remember who the headliners are but support from beardy men Dukes Of Nothing playing kinda good fun boogie-metalling-pop stuff. ***Metro- Simple Kid- Kinda of like if Marc BOlan was around now and an indie kid. in a good way. and liked Beck too. >FRIDAY ***Bull And Gate- The Country Teasers (twisted punk messed up country Fall noise beserkness in the most langorous of manners), The Beale - (art-rock), Nought (jazz-rock), Wet Dog (all girl pop-=punk stuff). ***UPstairs at the Garage- A Silver Rocket indie-rock night with glam-stompers Beachbuggy and more.... ***Buffalo Bar- Kosmische club night with Freeoform, Club_of_Rome and Zof doing all kindsa strange electronica and kraut-tie stuff. xxdeliaxx

 This Saturday 30th and next Saturday 6th @ The Horse Hospital SATURDAY 30TH AUGUST DOORS 7.30pm 7 / 5 BARBARIA An Evening Of Post-Zionist Video Curated by Tai Shani UK PREMIERES OF FUCKIN PUNK ROCK ART FILMS FROM TEL AVIV Boysgirls : Noaz Deshe 30 mins 2000 French Film : Keren Cytter 15 mins 2001 Satan Is My Father : Michael Hanegbi 25 mins 2002 Family : Keren Cytter 5 mins 2002 The Radicals : Joshua Simon 23 mins 2001 Freeland : Rona Yefman 14 mins 2001 plus the kinoKULTURE DO NOT MISS FILM OF THE MONTH Search Agent Zerox : Noaz Deshe 60 mins 2001 For further details go to urlLink www.thehorsehospital.com THE BOGSIDE ARTISTS EXHIBITION September 8th - 4th October 2003, Mon - Sat 12 - 6 Private View Saturday September 6th, doors 7.30pm FREE DERRY COMES TO LONDON The Horse Hospital is honoured to present Northern Irelands The Bogside Artists. The group, comprising of Tom Kelly, Kevin Masson and William Kelly, are famous for their murals in the area of Derry, Northern Ireland, known as Free Derry Corner. These large-scale murals explicitly depict key images of the Troubles in the city since 1968. This exhibition of their work is a chronicle of those events within the struggle that the artists consider to have been the most significant during the last thirty years. Displayed in installation as vast 12 x 9 foot vinyl hangings, the original murals were created as powerful re-presentations of a photographic moment of profound local symbolism, funded through donations of paint, supplies and door to door collections from the residents of the buildings they grace. Although the exhibition has toured widely throughout the world to great success, this is the first show in England for the artists, as the material has hitherto been seen as too delicate and controversial for exhibition within mainland Britain. The works are a moving testament to the power of art as historical document; the importance of documentation within the history of art, and the power of art within society; a creative process that situates the past as something we must acknowledge within the present, and from which we can draw strength. "We do not play down the contextual significance that lends itself to the work. Neither are we militant propagandists, tribal fantasists or proponents of the us-versus-them delusion that is still causing such evils around the world." Tom Kelly, Kevin Masson and William Kelly : The Bogside Artists. For further details, information or photos, please contact James B.L. Hollands ( 020 ) 7833 3644 THE HORSE HOSPITAL COLONNADE BLOOMSBURY LONDON WC1N 1HX Russell Square tube urlLink popculture@thehorsehospital.com urlLink www.thehorsehospital.com

 4th annual UPLAND BREAKDOWN saturday august 30 3pm to 8pm / free outdoor stage at Beartree Tavern, Hwy 130, Centennial, Wyoming 307.742 2410 this year featuring: SPOT / 6:30pm MICHAEL HURWITZ & THE AIMLESS DRIFTERS / 5pm MAGGIE SIMPSON / 4pm THE STOP & LISTEN BOYS / 3pm (times approx.) contacts: spot, spot2loon@earthlink.net michael hurwitz, info@mikehurwitz.com maggie simpson, maggiepie@vcn.com stop & listen boys, dloe1@juno.com presented by Upland Records and Highland Record Shop. Highland Record Shop 205 grand ave., laramie, wyoming 82070 307.745 4038 Upland Records pobox 36, fort collins, colorado 80522 970.416 7855 / fx.221 3962 http://www.uplandrecords.com info@uplandrecords.com

 Guys Beautiful men of 3 AM and Utahna and Deb...please hold my hand for a second and tell me why our world is so fucked up. I mean, christ, blowing up UN men instead of each other's damn fucking bunch.

 From Jessica of Anglo TIM BURGESS of The Charlatans releases debut single and album and announces UK dates in August Tim Burgess releases a solo single I Believe In The Spirit on Monday 25th August on Straight Trippin through Play it Again Sam. The single is taken from the forthcoming album I Believe to be released 8th September. I Believe was produced by Linus, who has worked with Puff Daddy and Lil Kim. The album was mixed at Studio Nine by Michael Patterson (J-Lo, Snoop, Beck and B.R.M.C). The band includes Roger Manning - Keyboards (Beck / The Vines) and Probyn Gregory - Horns (Brian Wilson). Tim will perform his first solo shows in August, including an appearance at V2003. The dates are: August Tue 12th Edinburgh Liquid rooms Wed 13th Sheffield Leadmill Thu 14th Birmingham Academy Sat 16th Stafford V2003 Sun 17th Chelmsford V2003 Tue 19th London Scala Wed 20th London Scala Tim Burgess adds: I wanted my songs to represent me, my soul & my spirit. When I started writing I never thought it would get this far, there were so many obstacles in the way, but once I got started - I just couldn't stop. All the musicians who helped me with this record did it as a favour. The album was recorded in Linus one bedroom flat in Hollywood and if you listen carefully you may be able to hear the noisy neighbour downstairs blaring out 80s hard rock. I would describe it as a cheer you up record, songs of joy & travel with influences from all of my favourite artists, rolled into my own style. This album is me, so check it out & turn it up! The full tracklisting for I Believe is: I Believe In The Spirit Held In Straps Only A Boy We All Need Love Oh My Corazon Be My Baby Years Ago Say Yes Spend The Night Po Boy Soul All I Ever Do

 From Poptones Towers... DEATHDISCO @ THE NOTTING HILL ARTS CLUB 21 notting hill gate,london w11 EVERY WEDNESDAY Still recovering from last week? Well here are some more bands.... WEDS 20TH AUG CAPTAIN SOUL+BARTH.ROCKET SCIENCE AND STEVE MCDONALD[RED KROSS/BECK] TO DJ! WEDS 27TH AUG THE GERMANS+MY RED CELL WEDS 3rd Sept KILLER ANGELS +THE APPROACH.Gaye Advert to dj!! WEDS 10TH SEPT THE FACULTY+THE WOUNDED KNEES+THE OTHERS WEDS 17TH SEPT BELLx1+DEGRASSI+AMBULANCE WEDS 24TH SEPT ZOOT WOMAN+HK119 WEDS 1ST OCT SLUTS OF TRUST+TERRA DIABLO+MISS MACHINE[TBC] WEDS 8TH OCT MONTGOLFIER BROTHERS+M.A.S.S. WEDS 15TH OCT MOCO+MY DRUG HELL+ANNA PAGE WEDS 22ND OCT CLIENT+BLANK SPACE WEDS 29TH OCT ONE TIME LOOKERS+THE GEMS+SOFIZEL WEDS 5TH NOV TORQAMADO+CHESTER ROAD WEDS 12TH NOV RAAR+THE KOREANS+BARFLY WEDS 19TH NOV V-TWIN+SPY 51 WEDS 26TH NOV THE THINGS [TBC] "when they played that song at the death disco it started fast but ends so slow and all the time it reminded me of you" The Libertines It's out this week ........ our favourite Londoners, The Libertines... Called "Don't Look Back Into The Sun " .... You may hear it this week..and for several weeks to come.. Ok..loads to get thru..so will rush as always... Last week no Danny but McGee and the bands made it a DD to remember..big thanks to all bands.. And if you were at The ICA on Saturday then you know how good Beachbuggy and The Bellrays were...and you may have even rocked in the bar afterwards... thanks to The ICA for letting us strut our stuff there But this week we have the wonderful Capt.Soul and Barth playing live and the legendary Steve McDonald from Redd Kross helping McGee and Watson ( oh yes he's back ) on the decks.... Unfortunately Webb Bros have had to postpone.... some other time We know football is on but it's only and England B team playing a team they should but probably wont beat..oh yeah and Beckham will have a bit of a tan.. match analysis over.. and now the weather.... look out for The Queen Is Dead email coming your way on Thursday... ANYWAY AS YOU KNOW BY NOW, MUSICALLY .... IF WE LIKE IT ..WE PLAY IT..SIMPLE SO DON'T FORGET...NOTTING HILL ARTS CLUB...AND ...... IT'S ON WEDNESDAYS AT 9.00PM AS WE THINK WE HAVE THE MOST OPEN MINDED CROWD AROUND, YOU MAY HEAR.... theclash*theramones*jamc*mc5*bowie*strokes*thefall*echo&thebunnymen*prince*the jam*thecult*thewho*thebeatles*thestones*magazine*dexys*primals*brmc*sisters*th eruts* motorhead*slits*thehives*trex*xrayspex*siouxsie*talkingheads*numan*pixies*dino saurjr*qotsa*hothotheat*thestrokes*whitestripes*nydolls*mbv*depechemode*rubino os*faces* pogues...and many more we let you in to dance from 9.00pm and kick you back out again still dancing at 1.00am.. Entry = 5.00 ALL NIGHT... Don't forget it's free before 8.00..and the bar opens at 6.00pm.. nottinghillartsclub,21 nottinghillgate,london w11. phone - 02074604459. website - www.nottinghillartsclub.com and the nearest tube is nottinghillgate (2mins)... DEATHDISCO RESPECT TO - The Coral / Bellrays / Beachbuggy / ICA / Converse / Mick Jones x

 From the Heart of the Town Myself and Messrs Gallix and Berger hit the ICA last Friday to see some female-fronted urlLink German punk act. All concerned were in good form but unfortunately I had to split early and missed the main act. Such is life... However, what I didn't get to see, you can see urlLink here.

 The Education System Once, against my better judgement, I became embroiled in the education system The education system was as large as an eagles egg back then, of course I stood back and observed how the wheels of the education system turned, mostly behind closed doors, grinding with severity of a gigantic pepper mill. The education system was hauntingly reminiscent of an over-sized 1970s glass coffee table at the time and I was decidedly impressed. Distracted by the unlikely nature of its appearance, I let it catch me off-guard and the very next day I was swallowed whole by the education system. It wasnt all bad though. I found myself in new social situations, in bed with different people. I found myself flaunting new lifestyles. I found my horizons expanding and diminishing at regular intervals like a concertina. I loved and was loved. I found money and spent it. I howled at the moon once or twice. I challenged God occasionally. I did other things too...

 Zine culture At the 3AM bash the other week (where I was municifently trashed, so I am surprised I can remember) Jimmy Bullet of the Cheap Trash Poetry zine (and husband of one of the DJs at the Maggie Fortune reading events in Whitechapel -- top night!) put a handful of his zines into my hand and requested a review on 3AM . Jimmy actually sold a record number of zines at our event, which just goes to show in my opinion. I know it's tough as a zine editor -- I put out a couple in the early 90s and you have to contend with moody Goths who control the printing press, snarling punks who think you're an effeminate indie kid cos you've got an interview with a band who use a keyboard in there, crusties who want copies for free at gigs as the're saving their money for cider, petulant wasters who hassle you to review their atrocious demos... oooh never again! Although we couldn't stretch to a full review on here given the demands on all our time now we are an online publication of substantial cachet (I am now being deluged with all kinds of crap from people who just want to see their name in print but have nothing in particular to say...), I do feel obliged to provide some kind of plug so here goes... There's five or six editions of Cheap Trash Poetry , which is seemingly a Brighton-based zine (though it gives a Blackheath address in the latest one -- perhaps they've moved?). As you'd expect it's the usual designedly tatty and scrappy D.I.Y. montage of poetry, rants and interviews (Billy Childish and Sexton Ming, natch) -- you can either order (with an A4 SAE) from 44 Beaconsfield Villas, Brighton BN1 6HD (1.50 each or a fiver for the lot) or log on to urlLink their site for more info. I'm actually quite surprised (yet encouraged) to see the zine scene's still alive within these shores -- I thought the net had eliminated but the need and the impetus for this kind of publishing. I guess as long as the youth feel alienated and creative then that's not the case...

 20,000 Leagues Under the Industry Film Fest You want good art? Cleveland film impresario Matthew T. asks rhetorically, if a bit insistently. Then make it yourself. Thats pretty much the entirety of the whys and wherefores of the 20,000 Leagues Under the Industry Film Festival, which this year marks its fourth Cleveland happening. The festival, a joint venture between T. and Hollywoods Marcel DeJure, began in 2000 at the defunct arts center Speak In Tongues on Clevelands Near West Side and marks its third annual showing at Collinwoods Beachland Ballroom this August 22 through 24. It also has played in Marcels hometown, and will again this Thanksgiving weekend at the Echo Park Film Center. We began 20K because we saw a need in Cleveland that had to be filled, explains Matthew T. No one else was, or is, showing the type of work we screen. DeJure has his own take. I would like us to play a part in distributing movies that deserve more attention then they are getting, he says. Also more films by women, people of color, youth, and more diverse material. As a mainly two-person operation, he notes, I think we cover a lot of ground. Thats indisputable. With its title provided by a friend of Marcels on set regarding their position in the film biz Marcel has worked for over 13 years as a lighting technician on films, music videos and commercials, as well as theater and live events, and also has a puppet troupe and product line known as Cinnamon Roll Gang the duos initial motivation was to give Clevelanders an opportunity to view work they would not have seen otherwise. In that spirit, they have maintained a DIY ethic balanced against the need to reach out to the community-at-large while defying class structure. (Works are presented on their own merits and the festival is not wrapped in any dogma.) With minimal staff and no funds, 20,000 Leagues this year made the foray into an open call for submissions to complement the work the pair scours various film festivals to find. We scavenge off other festivals, hunting and stalking film- and videomakers in theaters, skateboard shops, burrito stands, under rocks, on subways, Marcel says, mostly serious. You know we ask a lot of questions and are very good listeners. If all else fails, the phone, Internet and flyering are handy as well. The scene crosses borders, and theres a vast world of entertainment out there waiting for your eyes and ears. While not the main focus of this years programming, an important mission for the founders was to reach out to younger filmmakers. To that end, they have added a program of films made by young people, along with a program suitable for young people. The film scene in Cleveland has a lot of room to grow, enthuses Marcel. This year, we are giving away a Super 8 camera and a cartridge of film to a youth, with the hopes of doing our part to help spawn fresh talent. We really care, he adds, and were not too proud to prove it. AS IF TO PROVE JUST THAT, 20K2K3 showcases the profiles-in-courage interview feature D.I.Y. or Die: How to Survive as an Independent Artist by L.A.s Michael W. Dean. Dean, who has been featured in Film Threat magazine and has guest-lectured at places including Cal Arts and the Los Angeles Museum of Contemporary Art, also has written a book called $30 Film School (Muska & Lipman), a complete start-to-finish course on no-budget, drive-by digital filmmaking. With around 20 well-known, lesser-known and unknown musicians, artists, writers, sculptors and so forth, D.I.Y. or Die examines the basic questions facing those who just have to create, economic reality be damned. As Dean puts it, I wanted to interview my heroes, and my unknown buddies, and put them side by side with no star-system separation. Our little video is all about finding the common thread in artists who make cool stuff regardless of a paycheck. Similarly, the festival will present a true rarity an underground feature-length film, Hood Rats by Ecuadorian Angeleno Edgar Arellano, shot with nine cuts on 10 rolls of film in three days. (DeJure calls it raw and exciting.) Though operating without even a meager budget, Arellano managed to put together a gritty, realist version of typically stylized urban exploitation fare, and with a largely Latino cast and crew to boot. One other feature puts an entirely different spin on these same issues, Northwest by Coan Buddy Nichols and Rick Charnoski. Northwest is an intriguing glimpse at two companies of independent skate-park contractors, wholly comprised of skaters, who made their vision a reality starting in Portland, Oregon, and have since constructed parks in numerous cities and towns nationwide. Nichols and Charnoski, who also are showing a shorter film, Asbury, depicting a group of skaters last ride in a pool being demolished in Asbury Park, New Jersey, started making films together in 1999 with Fruit of the Vine, a look at the world of backyard pool skating, and since have traveled around filming new stuff and doing screenings like the old surf film guys. (Perhaps unsurprisingly, the pair notes that they enjoy skating, traveling, filming Super 8 and meeting new people.) AS FOR THE KIDS, this years 20,000 Leagues is delighted to present a series of works by young filmmakers, many under the aegis of Austin, Texas Center for Youth Cinema, which provides educational resources and training in film and video production for youths ages 11-18. Of these, the highlight may be 15-year-old Natalie Astons Robert Bider: Master Thespian, after a viewing of which one may never look at child actors the same way again. The star of Master Thespian, by the way, also is the director or co-director of three of the other shorts featured by the CYC: Toycar and French Restaurant, with Duncan Knappen, in the first of which two very young boys take moms car for a joyride (in the second, two older boys hatch a plan to acquire a big-screen TV); and Clicker Boy, wherein a young boy uses his remote control to make his world his own. CYC also presents a mockumentary called Rattlehead: Heavy Metal is God, which is fairly self-explanatory. The films cover a wide variety of styles, scenes and sounds, and it is often difficult to remember they were made by teens and preteens. 20K VETERANS SHOULDNT FRET, HOWEVER though Matthew T. and Marcel DeJure maintain that underground does not necessarily mean subversive, they have not forgotten to include compelling work that may titillate as well as entertain, and possibly shock. One of 20K2K3s surefire hits, for example, is Pornographic Apathetic by L.A.s T. Arthur Cottam, whose Beer Goggles was, hands down, last years bust-out success. Described as a satirical look at the desensitizations of sex through pornography, the five-and-a-half-minute Pornographic Apathetic features four actors ad-libbing would-be dialogue from porn films, with nary an expression or emotion in sight. (The films recently won the Christopher Wetzel Award for Independent Film Comedy at the Gene Siskel Film Center.) The goal remains to entertain, T. comments, because work is work, after all. T., a noted and well-traveled indie filmmaker himself he began filming in 1994, when a friend and co-worker gave him his first Super 8 camera and said, Now youre a filmmaker, lives a life of unsteady freelance work in commercial film production, and has had several of his works play literally all over the world in festivals both large and small knows his field well. Ask him what constitutes an independent film, and he has this to say: For me, its a film that was made completely outside of any studio system, and that the filmmaker had as complete control on the process as could be. That is not to say a million-dollar film is not independent; but if that film is made by committee with market concerns in mind, it is not really independent ... That is why the distinction underground is often used. These films are not necessarily subversive, just removed from Hollywood/indiewood concerns and style, generally speaking. This years 20,000 Leagues carries on that tradition with selections such as Philadelphias Kate McCabes award-winning semi-documentary Go-Go Rama Mama, a look at the inside world of strippers and how they earn their tips. (McCabe received her masters in Experimental Animation from Cal Arts, has worked with world-renowned independent filmmakers, and is herself an award-winning veteran of many experimental and underground film festivals.) Theres also Brooklyn, New Yorks Becky Goldbergs Hot and Bothered: Feminist Pornography, a look into the empowerment theories behind that artform. Her directorial debut, which she spent two years creating, Hot and Bothered has garnered a Haig Manoogian Production Grant and a Chicago Underground Film Fund Grant. (Shes currently fund-raising for her next feature-length documentary.) Another eye-opener is David Chalkers Hypocrite, in which an actress plays cinema itself, literally kicking the audience around, thanks to a special camera housing the filmmaker devised. Hypocrite, Chalkers latest film, won the Grand Prize Golden Gate Award for Best Bay Area Short Film at the 2002 San Francisco International Film Festival, along with the Most Innovative Short Film Award at the Tiburon International Film Festival, has screened in over 20 festivals worldwide and has been broadcast on PBS. (Chalker also has shot various other projects, including a museum installation that won the First Place Award at the Irish Museum of Modern Art. He has worked on dozens of features, shorts, commercials, music videos and documentaries, and also is a director of the Hip-Hop Film Festival, a touring festival that has screened films all over the country.) 20,000 LEAGUES UNDER THE INDUSTRY the brainchild of Clevelands own Matthew T. and Hollywoods Marcel DeJure truly offers something for everyone. A final quick rundown would include black humor, outstanding and innovative animation, existential examinations, depressing slices of humanism, farces, spoofs, fake commercials and mockumentaries, straight-out art explorations, radical political commentary, and a whole lot of stuff that defies description: Standout politically oriented works include Austin, Texas Jason Archer and Paul Becks pair of satirical painted shorts, The State of the Union and Homeland Hodown, from artists who helped animate Richard Linklaters Waking Life and music videos for artists including former Talking Head David Byrne. (The State of the Union was acclaimed Best Animated Film at the 2002 Chicago Underground Film Festival.) Then theres Guerrilla News Networks Stephen Marshalls Countdown, examining the stranglehold corporations have on media, along with Marshalls When the Smoke Clears, a poetic dissing of modern hip-hops mores, or lack therof, set to the propulsive beat of Dead Prezs Hip hop. (GNN also presents The War Conspiracy, the tale of Berkeley professor Peter Dale Scotts suppressed 1970 book about the CIA.) Animation and related fare includes Brooklyns Julia Sarcone-Roachs whimsical Call of the Wild, featuring any number of quirkily drawn small, fuzzy animals connected by a party line and their dreams; and New Yorks John R. Dilworths The Mousochist The story of a mouse who could not control his impulses. Dilworth, an animation director and designer whose work has appeared on CBS, Showtime, HBO, FOX, Cartoon Network, Nickelodeon, MTV, Canal +, and Arte, is the founder of Stretch Films, Inc., a leading design and production animation studio. His 1995 animated short film The Chicken From Outer Space, was sponsored by Hanna-Barbera and Cartoon Network, and was nominated for an Academy Award, an Annie Award and a CableACE Award. (Dilworth has also produced and directed 12 independent short films that have screened worldwide and won numerous awards. His work has appeared in Spike & Mikes Festival of Animation and Sick & Twisted, with the 1995 Lollapalooza Music Festival, and was chosen to open the feature film Crumb in Montreal, Canada.) Plus the utterly fantastical Plain English by Baltimores John Standiford, which features herky-jerky, grainy images speaking lines from an ESL course in a restaurant in Japan. Chilling and bleak films number The Sandpit and the Disappearance of Kerry Sommers by New Yorks Jake Magher, a purportedly true story put together from bits of home videos that will keep you up late into the night, and Estranged by New Yorks Todd Downing, based on Joe Franks radio play Rent a Family, the tale of a lonely woman alone in a big house. (Downing received his MA in Media Studies at New Yorks New School. His work has a diverse and loyal cult following for its dark humor and originality, appealing not only to the underground film community, but also to film and culture scholars, as well as numerous gay and straight film festival attendees. His films have been profiled in an array of press, as well as media outlets such as National Public Radio, MTV Brazil, Channel 4 [London], Canal +, and the Japanese version of Good Morning America. He was recently named one of the Six Best Directors Youve Never Heard Of by SHOUT magazine and has received multiple grants from the Creative Capital Foundation, The New York Foundation for the Arts and The New York State Council on the Arts.) Plus films by Clevelanders, enough for a program of their own. These include Jack Yagers The Devil Was Hot, based on a short story by Charles Bukowski (its Yagers second film, following eight years of industry work, including stints with American Splendor and Welcome to Collinwood); Application Counter, an examination of Cleveland, inspired by its neighborhoods, by P.J. Doran and Matthew Wascovich, an industrial-themed visual artist and writer, respectively; Valley Sketches by Damon Nathaniel Smith and Tobias Morrison; Wake, by Nora Hartlaub; and What Grows in the Ashes of this Garden by the Budakid collective, examining the Temple of Lost Love, which is now itself lost. The films run the gamut, ranging from frankly cinematic, to expressionistic, to realistic, and everywhere in between. Also showing are works by Clevelands indie-film ambassador Robert C. Banks Jr., who needs no further hype, and The Wolfman by former Clevelander Sean Carney, who currently calls Hollywood home but is returning for 20,000 Leagues to perform the score of his film live as he has, most notably, at Totalfest in Missoula, Montana. Cleveland lacks a media arts center like many other towns have, Matthew T. points out in closing. I dont know why. A media arts center would supply gear and classes for filmmakers ... It is hard when you are using equipment that is considered obsolete, such as Super 8. I would like to encourage more filmmakers to do their own work and form their own ideas. Hence urlLink 20,000 Leagues Under the Industry Film Festival. Every town should be so lucky.

 urlLink Cryptonight at the Club Tropical in Culver City, California Thurs October 2, 8 PM - The Neon Hunter Collective with Norton Wisdom david witham - keyboards, effects and theremin matt reid cohn - keyboards, effects and theremin dan morris drums and percussion norton wisdom live performance painter Pianist David Witham brings his free-wheeling trio, The Neon Hunter Collective, to the Club Tropical. Providing visual counterpoint is Norton Wisdom, a renowned and adventurous live performance painter. The Collective combines elements of dub, jazz, free improv, and electronica into a funky stew for the eyes and ears. David Witham and Matt Reid Cohn play keyboards, effects and theremin, and Dan Morris plays drums and percussion. The Neon Hunter Collective evolved from the visual explorations of David Witham and his life-long friend Matt Reid Cohn. Their soundtracks for video installations at the Museum of Neon Art in Los Angeles and the Caretta Shiodome in Tokyo led them to join drummer Dan Morris and create live music in the same spirit. Club Tropical 8641 Washington Blvd. Culver City 2 blks E. of the Helms Bakery $10 / $5 with student ID / all ages great Salvadoran food / full bar

 Event In association with Rising Magazine, an evening of spoken words. 'Tough on poetry, tough on the causes of poetry' Salina Saliva - sassy, sexy and sporty Baden Prince - the Isaac Hayes of poetry Sue Prince - Coronation Street get's literary Tim Wells - the oblique, bleak bloke Sarah Kobrinsky - uh oh! She didn't Joe Asser - reads from his book Friday 3rd October First words 6.30pm Free entry The Aquarium 10 Woburn Walk London WC1H 0JL 020 7387 8417 www.aquariumgallery.co.uk

 urlLink Mommy and Daddy UK Tour dates supporting The Wannadies September 18 University Dundee September 19 King Tut's Glasgow September 20 Liquid Rooms Edinburgh September 22 University Manchester September 23 Mill Preston September 24 Academy 2 Liverpool September 25 University Hull September 26 Cockpit Leeds September 27 Leadmill Sheffield September 29 Academy 2 Birmingham September 30 Waterfront Norwich October 1 Charlotte Leicester October 2 Mean Fiddler London October 4 Fez Club Reading October 5 Wedgewood Rooms Portsmouth October 6 Concorde Brighton October 8 Junction Cambridge October 10 Barfly Cardiff October 11 Zodiac Oxford

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY JIM !!

 Band plug Well as Wasco's always at it... urlLink The Beangrowers , Malta's exponents of the new pop experiment are making a rare visit to the UK they tell me... Thursday 4 December 2003 The Rocket Complex London Metroplitan University Beangrowers + Jane Air

 Poetics Australian poet Peter Nicholson emailed me to ask for a plug for his poetry sites, which are urlLink here and urlLink here.

 Tuesday, October 28th, Beachland Ballroom: In the Tavern -- Kaito / Parts & Labor / Tyondai Braxton / Brian Straw & Matthew Wascovich -- Didn't think they did noise-rock in the UK, eh? Forget your Blur records; upon a cursory listening Kaito's female-fronted shred owes much to Cle's very own Pere Ubu's most experimental works, along with a good dollop of bands like Huggy Bear and Bratmobile. Acclaimed young Brooklyn trio Parts and Labor shred it up like the best no-wave/prog rock band you've never heard; their pal Ty Braxton (son of composer Anthony Braxton) goes on the solo tip with guitar, effects pedals, and solid tunes. Parts and Labor and Braxton's tour is in supoort of their great new split-release on Narnack records. Matthew Wascovich (who's collaborated with the likes of Todd Colby, Thurston Moore, Christiina Carter, Byron Coley) and our very own Brian Straw perform works that combine rust-belt liturgies with trips down a sonic Cuyahoga. $6 -- 9 PM Beachland Ballroom 15711 Waterloo Rd. Cleveland, Ohio 44110 tel: 216.383.1124 More info: http://beachlandballroom.com http://www.slowtoe.com http://www.brianstraw.com http://www.partsandlabor.net http://www.tyondai.com http://www.kaito.co.uk *spread the word*

 Parts & Labor und Tyondai Braxton on tour in U.S. -------------------------------------------- Record Release: Friday, October 17th Sin-e (148-150 Attorney St.) $7 8pm urlLink Parts & Labor Plate Tectonics urlLink Tyondai Braxton 1776 The Cordial Squad (DJ Digestif, DJ Aperitif) Projections by Viduo --------------------------------------------- Parts & Labor CMJ show: Fri 10/24 CMJ (w/ X27, Chinese Stars, Bunny Brains) --------------------------------------------- Parts & Labor and Tyondai Braxton Rise, Rise, Rise Tour 2003 Sat 10/25 Palmer, MA (The Shed) Sun 10/26 Buffalo, NY (Big Orbit Gallery) Mon 10/27 Pittsburgh, PA (Shadow Lounge) Tues 10/28 Cleveland, OH (Beachland Ballroom) Thurs 10/30 Chicago, IL (University of Chicago) Fri 10/31 Chicago (Camp Gay) Sat 11/1 Madison, WI (Stage Door) Sun 11/2 St.Louis (TBA) Tues 11/4 Denver (Monkey Mania) Wed 11/5 Salt Lake City (Albee Square) Thurs 11/6 Boise (Ft. Hazel) Fri 11/7 Seattle, WA (TBA) Sat 11/8 Portland, OR (Dunes) Sun 11/9 Eureka (The Placebo) Mon 11/10 Davis, CA (KDVS) Tue 11/11 Davis, CA (Cafe Roma) Wed 11/12 TBA Thurs 11/13 San Francisco, CA (The Hemlock) Fri 11/14 Oakland, CA (TBA) Sat 11/15 Los Angeles, CA (The Smell) Sun 11/16 Los Angeles, CA (Koos) Tues 11/18 Austin (TBA) Wed 11/19 Shreveport, LA (The Zebra Room) Thurs 11/20 Nashville, TN (Springwater) Fri 11/21 Atlanta, GA (Lenny's) Sat 11/22 Chapel Hill, NC (Nitelight)

 Book-release event this weekend in NYC: words & music Slow Toe Publications presents: "FEBRUARY 03" Book-release event Readers: Todd Colby Alex Gildzen Thurston Moore Matthew Wascovich Sounds: Tyondai Braxton Christiina Carter Maria Chavez Thurston Moore Date: Saturday, October 18, 2003 Time: 9:00 - 11:30 p.m. Cost: $6 Venue: The Bowery Poetry Club 308 Bowery St. New York, NY 10012 Phone: 212.614.0505 More info: http://www.bowerypoetry.com http://www.slowtoe.com http://tyondai.jmzrecords.com http://www.sonicyouth.com http://www.softskull.com http://internet.cybermesa.com/~takis/ http://www.wholly-other.com/ http://www.scorces.com/ http://www.yod.com *please spread the word*

 Sunday, October 19 North Six, 4 pm (sharp) Brooklyn, New York, USA Music Video Screening All videos are Finalists for the Audio/Visual Music Video Competition. Featuring: The Shins Black Dice * Diverse Featuring Lyrics Born + RJD2 * The Exelar * Stairway at St. Pauls The Soft Pink Truth * The Pattern Rolling Stones/ Fatboy Slim * Kid 606 Red Smoke Lightning Bolt * Neon Hunk * Palace Music Deefhoof Sigur Ros Kill Me Tomorrow * Bride of Ozzy * Ugly Cassanova Space Machine Pixeltan Load Records/ Pick A Winner DVD *Never before seen! Programmed by Kendra Gaeta *************************************** Sunday, October 19 North Six, doors at 8, show at 9 (sharp) Brooklyn, New York, USa Live Showcase *inter-band DJs and visuals by the Mighty Robot Audio/Visual Squad The Sabers with Mike Sump Described as a bleed-heavy and brilliantly restrained soundscape, The Sabers melt it down. Loops and field recordings, drumming rhythmic fields, a guitar and one small city of pedals, effects, and mixers distill a surprisingly simple and mesmerizing sonic experience. The video, by Mike Sump, was executed based on saber's music and is a visual reaction to the layered quality the music possesses. Grandpas Ghost with video by James Ftopoulos We're going to work from within to help make the head spin... A four-piece band: two guitars, bass, and sound manipulator, with strobing video images by experimental filmmaker Jim Fotopoulos. Locking into rhythms and very certain feels, this performance is self-described as something psychologically to withstand. Lukasz Lysakowski + Kurt Ralske Two-thirds of the international performance group 242.Pilots, Lysakowski and Ralske use customized software to explore real time visual improvisation and generative audio visual performance. The New York Times has praised their work as a compelling, intriguing alliance of sound and motion. Aspect of Physics Can the tonality and frequency interactions of sound, in a mathematical sense, shed light on the basic root level interactions between humans? Ask Aspects of Physics... Two Aspects perform live in New York with the third, in San Diego. Through a live internet feed, the manipulated audio/visual mix will be fed back and simulcast in San Diego, a block away from the point of origin (just because they can).

 Reading/Music: Raymond DeCapite, Michael DeCapite, Dan Leone, Homeless Garden in Cleveland, USA Beachland Tavern Wednesday, November 26, 2003 To celebrate the publication of The Italian American Reader (HarperCollins 2003), the Beachland Ballroom hosts an evening of readings from the work of Raymond DeCapite, Michael DeCapite, and Dan Leone, followed by a music set by members of Dan Leone's bands The Lipsey Mountain Spring Band and Ed's Redeeming Qualities, and culminating in a shattering crescendo with a set by Homeless Garden, featuring former Pere Ubu members Scott Krauss and Tony Maimone. Readings start at 8:00, admission is $6. Raymond DeCapite has written several novels set in Cleveland including The Coming of Fabrizze, A Lost King, and Pat the Lion on the Head. Michael DeCapite is the author of Through The Windshield and a monthly column for Angle magazine. Dan Leone is the author of The Meaning of Lunch and a weekly column for the San Francisco Bay Guardian. The Italian American Reader, edited by Bill Tonelli, was published in hardcover in March 2003 and will appear in paperback in the spring of 2004. It contains work by these three Ohio natives as well work by Don DeLillo, Gay Talese, Camille Paglia, and over sixty other writers. Copies will be on sale at the Beachland. www.beachlandballroom.com

 Citations du jour "For [Trocchi], the art was the man. You are what you write. Live it, die for it." - James Campbell, Paris Interzone , 1994 "I had hoped to avoid an all-out onslaught on existentialism, especially as there's so much in it that appeals to me... including white curves in black ski-trousers" - Alexander Trocchi

 Announcement Unfortunately, urlLink Tony White has had to cancel his appearance at the forthcoming 3AM urlLink 'New Rock and Roll' Xmas bash on the 30th of January at Euston's urlLink Aquarium Gallery . In his place (sort of...) however, are urlLink Ben Richards and urlLink Mark Simpson . Hurrah!

 Interviews coming up on 3AM soon 1. Michael Jackman of the urlLink Underground Literary Alliance 2. urlLink Mark Simpson , author of Saint Morrissey 3. urlLink Paul Kingsnorth , author of One No, Many Yeses 4. urlLink David Giffels , author of Are We Not Men? We Are DEVO! 5. Robert Turner of urlLink Black Rebel Motorcycle Club

 About time The urlLink ICA is to urlLink hire security guards . Neoists make their urlLink point .

 Five on Friday 1. urlLink Decadent Action 2. urlLink London Psychogeographical Association 3. urlLink Association of Autonomous Astronauts 4. urlLink International Necronautical Society 5. urlLink Stewart Home Society

 Conspicuously silent Interesting piece from campaigning journalist John Pilger on why today's novelists don't tackle big issues anymore, reproduced urlLink here .

 Santacon is coming to town... This Saturday sees the third urlLink Santacon in London. Santacon thoroughly debases the idea of Christmas and sees plenty of "Xian-baiting". It's not a urlLink flash mob (say the "organisers") but those I know who are firm fans of urlLink Reclaim the Beach and the urlLink Circle Line Parties are likely to be along. (quick mention to urlLink Meantime and urlLink Guilfin )

 Two dudes from midwestern America -- live avant/noize/art-word/folk weird shit live via radio + web Brian Straw + Matthew Wascovich are playing a radio station gig this Thursday, December 11th, 2003 at 3 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. Straw will play about 25 minutes of solo stuff -- kool singer-folked-psych-waval-songs followed by Straw + Wascovich's 20 minutes of noize + word + sound manipulated blowout-age. This show is available at 91.1 FM in Cleveland, Ohio, USA and on the web thru urlLink this site . If you miss it -- it's archived on the web for a week. The dude behind RADIO DYSTOPIA is Michael and his playlists are a sweet tea for global sickness. Email Michael with questions. Listen. Record. Enjoy. Be there with your ears if you can.

 Poets Helping Poets: Benefit for Todd Colby, Elizabeth Zechel & Melissa Piechucki! On November 19, a fire on Monitor Street in Greenpoint, Brooklyn destroyed the home and possessions of Soft Skull poet Todd Colby, his wife Elizabeth Zechel, and their neighbor and friend Melissa Piechucki. Please join us for a great night of music and poetry to help them create a new home! Bowery Poetry Club 308 Bowery (across from CBGBs) New York, NY http://www.bowerypoetry.com http://www.softskull.com Sunday, December 14 at 8:00pm Suggested donations at the door: $5, $10, $25, $50, $100. Plus $2 raffle tickets to win pairs of tickets from the Joyce Theater, the Bowery Poetry Club, CDs, books and more! MUSIC by... King Missile III with John S. Hall Gordon Gano of the Violent Femmes Rebecca Moore Alice B. Talkless Matthew Wascovich & Brian Straw with Todd Colby Tobi Joi READINGS by... Hal Sirowitz Maggie Estep Brendan Lorber Sharon Mesmer Regie Cabico Cat Tyc David Cameron Lisa Miller Karen Randolf Hal Sirowitz Karen Randolf T. Cole Rachel Brenda Coultas Marcella Durand Anne Elliot Daniel Nester Justin Theroux Michael Portnoy & Marrianne Vitale of the Yogurt Boys Edwin Torres Dana Bryant Celena Glen Tracey McTague Thad Rutowkski Dawn Saylor Jo Ann Wasserman SPONSORS/DONATORS Soft Skull Press Bowery Poetry Club Gammon Records & Jordan Trachtenberg Slow Toe Publications 3AM Magazine Skanky Possum Press Boog City Lungfull! Ugly Duckling Presse Arthur Magazine LIT Unpleasant Event Schedule Call: Review (John Most) Pagan Place Zine (Merry Fortune) Eric Baus Eileen Tabios Joshua Beckman Noah Eli Gordon Susan Mills Poetz.com/NYC Poetry Calendar St. Mark's Poetry Project Kitty Magik Magazine Great books and zines will be on sale! All proceeds go directly to Todd, Elizabeth & Melissa! If you are a small press or magazine and would like to donate copies to sell, contact shanna@softskull.com. To donate before the event, contact shanna@softskull.com. Monetary donations, checks and gift certificates in Todd, Elizabeth, or Melissa's names will be accepted and are most welcome! Donations via credit card will also be accepted. To make a donation on behalf of the other families affected by the fire, contact the NY Red Cross at http://www.nycredcross.org.

 We Oppose All Rock and Roll Following his appearance at last year's urlLink 3AM Summer Bash , Vic Godard's Subway Sect plays for urlLink The Idler at the Number 10 club in West London on February 12. Details urlLink here .

 Ozlit and various The urlLink Australian literary scene in Prospect . Mother Jones on the urlLink arts policy of Bush. urlLink Goths in The Nation ?

 Public service 3AM 's declaration of support for public service broadcasting during these hard times comes via urlLink Bloggerheads . Of course, urlLink not everyone sees it that way...

 From Oxbridge junkie to sixth form wannabe "Its happened again. The other day I was deep in the Tube, powering my way through the loose maul, when a poster caught my eye. Will Self is promoting his latest book. At first glance the photo resembles an ad for a mens magazine. Cool guy, cool clothes, cool chair, cool glare. Self sits sheathed in impassive black tailoring, with one leg casually thrown over the other; his intense skull and cold blazing eyes appraise you with a look of narcissistic derision. Hm, I thought, another Will Self novel. Already? Theyre getting more frequent than rail crashes... So whatever the book is like, I can see that Will Self Worldwide is trading as vigorously as ever. And that infuriates me. It drives me mad. As I scurry through the seething tunnels I feel a rush of envy surge though my veins. I am beside myself with anger. Why am I beside myself? Because I am not beside Self. I am beneath Self -- way, way beneath him. Along with hundreds of other neglected word-slaves, I toil and hack through the freelance jungle while above us soars this prolific bird, plying the airy canopy of literary stardom." Lloyd Evans on urlLink Will Self in today's Spectator urlLink here .

 Close my eyes... A site devoted to urlLink My Bloody Valentine . For sheer diligence and depth this cannot be topped. Update: there's also sites devoted to urlLink The Telescopes , urlLink Slowdive and urlLink Loop . Superb!

 Cuckoo about you Belle and Sebastian have produced urlLink a game to coincide with the release of the second single from their Dear Catastrophe Waitress LP, 'I'm A Cuckoo'. More bands should do this.

 Get a dialectic going It's a busy week and what with the snow, email viruses and everything, posting is not an option. So you'll just have to be content with this exchange between urlLink Toby Litt and Hari Kunzru . Or you could always take a look at the urlLink Reviews section or urlLink one of our urlLink fotologs . They're updated quite regularly.

 Bagpuss Sofia Coppola on MBV legend Kevin Shields urlLink here .

 Schnews If you can drag yourself away from the Fitzroy Tavern for the evening, 3AM regulars Matt Thorne and Daren King will be doing a reading together at the Mini Bar, The Garage, 20-22 Highbury Corner, London N5 on Thursday February 5th from 8.30pm onwards. The night also doubles-up as the launch of Daren King's much talked about new novel, Jim Giraffe .

 An online Fitzrovia? 3AM continues to attract praise from the quality press in Britain with this mention in urlLink last Saturday's Daily Telegraph : "In Bloomsbury, 3ammagazine.com hosted a reading by young novelists. The line-up was suitably roguish for a website that aims to be an online Fitzrovia. It included the novelist Matt "New Puritan" Thorne and Daren King, whose novel Jim Giraffe will be published by Cape in February. Thorne read from his newly completed novel, Cherry, which won't be published until 2005 since Faber is launching him as a children's author later this year and Cherry contains "scenes of an adult nature". King's story of a lewd ghost giraffe has already been promised cult status in two broadsheets, as well as in Penthouse magazine - under the circumstances, King said, "that's the one I'm most pleased about". Also reading were Toby Litt, one of Granta's top 20 Young British Novelists, and the art critic Matthew Collings. Perhaps it was the company, but Collings confessed to feeling disaffected with artists' illiterate conversation and drunken habits. Certainly his wife is encouraging him to lead a more temperate life. For Christmas she gave him three months' membership of Holmes Place." So that's The Times , Guardian and now the Telegraph . Anyone at The Independent care to comment? Your new tabloid's really good, by the way...

 Anti-hangover pills In Monday's Evening Standard , Literary Editor urlLink David Sexton penned a lengthy piece (no link available) on literary sites and blogs, citing the urlLink Complete Review and urlLink Bookslut as brand leaders in an emerging market of increasing relevance. He mentioned that literary blogs are sometimes tardy with the updates, because the writer has a hangover. This blog is no exception, so you'll just have to cruise on over to Jim Giraffe's blog urlLink here until I sleep it off. Hangover courtesy of the urlLink Artrocker Club .

 RIP writer/artist/teacher/poet Jeff Nuttall .... who died on 4 January. He was most famous for his 1968 work Bomb Culture , one of the coolest beatnik books, detailing the rise of the underground. I had the pleasure of playing in a band (Brigandage) with Jeffs son Tim who, seemingly living out his father's work, was definitely part of the capitals mid-80s underground. At that time, Tim lived in a semi-derelict Victorian housing association place-cum-squat. It made the Withnail and I abode look like a glittering palace and, indeed, some of the behaviour that went on there made Richard E Grants character look like a lightweight. Peering through his mop of curly ginger hair, and displaying a natural cant-be-bothered ambience, Tim embodied the prevalent all-over-the-fucking-place Camden squatter ethos. He spent much of his time poncing money, staring at the wall, growing his fingernails, and trying not to waste his time on superfluous activities like washing or eating. He also liked his liveners too much, sometimes. I remember heading round to his gaff to pick him up for a gig. The way his eyes rolled in different directions alerted me to the fact that something was slightly awry with our Timbo. When he started talking in tongues and flinching from invisible blows, I realised the crazy fool had overdone the speed, and psychosis had set in. One of the symptoms of Tims disorder was the belief that he needed to piss constantly, and the cab ride from Camden to the Fulham Greyhound was eventful, to say the least. The cabbie wasnt best pleased to have a raving loon in the back for starters, and his mood rapidly went downhill after being asked to stop every few hundred yards so that Tim could try to empty his already empty bladder. Unfortunately, our boys self-awareness and co-ordination was not what it should have been, and the image of Tim careering back to taxi in Green Park with trousers round his ankles, cock flapping in the breeze, is an enduring one. Despite all that kind of malarkey, Tim was and still is hopefully (sorry if this is starting to sound like his obit) a very talented bloke. Check out the Brigandage tape-only release ( FYM on FO Records, contact me for details. Rare.) if you dont believe me or, ask Roland Gift who, before joining the Fine Young Cannibals, used to jam with Tim. So, Tim, sorry to hear about your dad. And, if youre reading this, have you got that tenner I leant you back in 1986? But, hey, dont worry about your share of the cab money to the Greyhound that time Next week: the day Pinky, future wife of Ripped and Torn writer AL, OD-ed on Tuinal, fell several floors from her tower block squat, and woke up next day in a big metal rubbish bin. Oh, how everyone laughed. Richard Cabut

 Fortunately... The next urlLink Maggie Fortune spoken word night will take place on Tuesday 10 February, details below: Indo, 133 Whitechapel Road. E1. Starts 8pm and ENTRY IS FREE Nearest tubes: Whitechapel / Aldgate East Buses: 25, 205, 254, 106 Further info 07941 893 106 or urlLink email

 Fun to be had, by all If you haven't yet, friends, you could do worse than go watch this year's results of the Bulwer Lytton Fiction Contest, urlLink right here .

 Imagined Communities Interesting online debate between urlLink Courttia Newland and Helon Habila urlLink here , urlLink here and urlLink here .

 Girls on Film "The Londoner bites off from his town piece large enough for his own chewing" - Ford Madox Ford, The Soul of London , 1905 The 3AM urlLink London Fotolog is now up and running.

 Spotted recently "Well, urlLink Salon.com was the first independent media organization to establish a significant presence on the web, and (though struggling) they were, and still are, the only one with serious financial backing... As everyone knows, the internet is filled with a lot of dross, but thankfully other professional online publications, such as urlLink 3am Magazine , are emerging who maintain the tight editorial controls found at Salon and compete with them in delivering quality alternative content, in fact often exceeding them." Found urlLink here .

 Check this out people. urlLink A man with gold in his eyes . And here's urlLink mine . Happy New Year buddies. G.

 Event Report The 3AM 'New Rock and Roll' urlLink Xmas Bash on 30 December was very well-attended, with a keen and eager crowd packing out the urlLink Aquarium Gallery in the Euston district of North London. urlLink Myself , urlLink Andrew Gallix and urlLink Richard Marshall curated the event and 3AM Co-Editor urlLink Bertie Marshall was also in attendance. First up was urlLink Black Amber author Alex Wheatle, who read from his novel The Seven Sisters -- a tense account of life in a children's home. He was followed by urlLink Ali Catterall , who give an amusing account of an encounter with Southeast London celebrity gangster Dave Courtney. East London's favourite purveyor of banned lesbian fiction urlLink Charlotte Cooper then gave an 'interactive' talk on the pitfalls of life within a multinational corporation, with several audience members walking away with all manner of executive toys and corporate promos. In an unscheduled appearance, the legendary urlLink Stewart Home gave a (very) brief reading, which (some might say) made up for Mark Simpson and Tony White cancelling at the last minute. We were then treated to a lively talk from urlLink Matthew Collings , which we felt was something of a coup for 3AM as we're fans of his recent high profile TV work. urlLink Preethi Nair , whose One Hundred Shades of White is released next Monday, gave an inspirational account of how she fled the world of management consultancy to become a novelist. urlLink Paul Crooks was able to give us an interesting reading from his intensively-researched novel Ancestors . urlLink Toby Litt , urlLink Matt Thorne and urlLink Ben Richards provided some top drawer contemporary British literary talent to the evening, airing short stories. Finally, we were fortunate enough to have urlLink Daren King read a few sections of his eagerly-awaited Jim Giraffe , which is likely to figure highly in 2004 British publishing. Sorry, I can't be more descriptive but it's New Year's Day and my head is still somewhat in bits from the festivities last night. A fuller account will appear on the main site in the near future and the pictures from the event remain on Andrew Gallix's digital camera until he returns to Paris in a few days' time. Fortunately, photoblogger urlLink Yuki was urlLink on hand to get a urlLink few snaps of the night. In all, (aside from the beer supply running out) we felt the event was a success and would like to thank the authors who gave readings and those who turned up to hear them -- who now want more 3AM events in 2004 by all accounts. I think we can manage that...

 Wildly over-sexed and on the net From the Telegraph 's literary diary section (no link -- subscription-only): "The Conville & Walsh literary agency is being inundated with offers this week for London Calling, the memoirs of a call-girl who goes by the name of Belle du Jour. The book started life as a weblog, detailing Belle's career trajectory from academia to prostitution. In publishing terms, Belle's main selling point is that she is a 28-year-old academic from a "good family" who confesses herself to be "wildly over-sexed". She has also proved herself to be a lively writer, winning the 2003 Guardian Best-Written Website Award, and attracting 10,000 readers a day online. So it is no surprise that her agent is considering bids from the publisher Serpent's Tail, which is offering jointly with Bantam - the same team which published The Sexual Life of Catherine M - as well as Weidenfeld & Nicolson. There are film and TV offers too: from Lloyd Levin, who wrote and produced Boogie Nights, and the British producers behind Footballers' Wives. An Italian publisher has made a pre-emptive five-figure bid for translation rights. The book is expected to be a huge success if only because of the Belle Lettriste's anonymity. A frenzied guessing game has begun, with Popbitch, the online gossip column, speculating that the Belle's real-life alter ego might be none other than Toby Young, the Spectator's theatre critic."

 Watch out Graham Norton! The Government intends to clamp down on urlLink "unauthorised camping" . I bought a copy of urlLink Modern Toss comic today. I can easily say without fear of contradiction that it's one of the funniest things I've ever read (in a delightfully, disturbing, darkly, sick, sorta way) so urlLink go purchase young man/woman.

 More Online Fitzroving urlLink Canongate informs us of a forthcoming urlLink reading tour by authors urlLink Jim Dodge and urlLink Dan Rhodes , the London date of which also has 3AM favourite Daren King along for the ride. 8pm, Monday, 15th March Cecil Sharp House, 2 Regent's Park Road, London, NW1 3 (on door) or reserve your ticket by emailing rthomas1@supanet.com

 I remember the Summer of 84 Readers of 3AM might be interested in the forthcoming event at London's urlLink Royal Festival Hall . Devoted to the Miners' Strike, it features David Peace (the Granta 'YBN' winner and author of the forthcoming novel set during the strike, GB84 ), cultural commentator Paul Morley and is chaired by journalist Beatrix Campbell. Thursday 4 March Royal Festival Hall, South Bank, London 7.30pm 6/4

 In this sequence, what comes next -- The Pixies, American Music Club, ? urlLink No Rock and Roll Fun reports that urlLink Sebadoh are now doing live dates after five years. Hmmm, there's a Bush in the Whitehouse, noisy Americans with guitars are fashionable and 'ver yoof' are going around with punk haircuts...

 Psychoblography Chris Spencer from Unsane, urlLink interviewed in Bully . urlLink David Gest's signature in urlLink Gawker . The Idler begin a urlLink Ladies at Leisure poll , with Dorothy Parker and Imela Marcos already nominated. Contains a good Parkerism: "Always keen to keep a work-life balance, when an editor asked her to work during her honeymoon she sent him a telegram: "Too fucking busy, and vice versa."" urlLink OpenDemocracy has poems by urlLink Michael Horovitz and urlLink more Absinthe tales courtesy of Jad Adams.

 Perfunctory violence and an aversion to Will Self? Don't know how I missed it at the time, but the new book by urlLink Stewart Home (who gave a reading at our urlLink Xmas Bash ), urlLink Down and Out in Shoreditch and Hoxton , is urlLink reviewed here . It was encouraging to read that the urlLink Barbican intend to redress the fact that Saint Etienne's London-themed show last year sold out so quickly by staging it again on the 22nd of April. They don't fancy sorting out the lack of urlLink affordable Pixies tickets while they're at it, do they? Meanwhile, the Underground Literary Alliance continue to urlLink make waves ...

 Iris Murdoch in 'crap in bed' shocker! 3AM not-so exclusive Read about it urlLink here . I know I link to pieces in The Guardian a lot but it's the paper I read the most. If I lived in France I'd probably link to Liberation pieces or something. In that spirit, here's a urlLink brilliant article on Bill Brandt's photography , though you'd need the paper edition of the magazine from yesterday to get the full effect. Also, some of the stuff on the site is hidden deep away, like urlLink this interview with young British literary talent Gwendoline Riley in today's Observer magazine. Erstwhile Guardian columnist Francis Wheen's excellent How Mumbo-Jumbo Conquered the World is reviewed urlLink here , urlLink here and urlLink here . It offers a coherent and compelling attack on both Blair's fixation with Christianity and the juvenile anti-Americanism of Pilger et al . I was beginning to feel a little alone in thinking that an intellectually consistent aversion to fundamentalism and a defence of the Enlightenment was a good thing. Apparently, urlLink prog rock is making a comeback . Then why has the Sex Pistols' 'Anarchy in the UK' just been designated urlLink most influential single of all time ?

 Myths of 3AM I won't embarass the poor student by mentioning them by name, but recently I had an email enquiry asking about the possibility of interning at 3AM as a means to boost their student journalism portfolio (hey, it's a tough jobs market, I know). You mean you think we have an office? Somewhere you could actually turn up to on a morning and work? If only. It's flattering and actually more commonly assumed than you might think (unless you're assuming it, I suppose). The other common assumption is that we are in a position to pay people who write for us (erm, read the urlLink guidelines section). Again, a case of 'if only' -- do you think we'd have that dated mast-head if we were a commercial concern with an image to think about? Who do you think we are, the Paris Review ? (actually, the mast-head will be revamped, soon) So what would a 3AM office look like? Assuming we existed on, let's say, an Arts Council grant with a bit of Lottery funding thrown in for good measure, it'd actually be quite difficult to have one single office, given that our editors are spread across Europe and North America. So we'd need a London office, a Paris office, a New Orleans office, a New York office and a Calgary office, even. That's a lot of phone bills and rent, not to mention a lot of office parties at Xmas. The IT budget alone would require a generous donation from a philanthropic source. But let's stick to this fantasy realm anyhow. Would the office be plush and Conde Nast? Of course not, it'd be grotty and flea-bitten, like the site. There'd be piles of CDs and books, waiting to be reviewed by me... letters from American students wanting to intern, being answered by American interns... the drinks cabinet would be well-stocked too, of course. The waiting room would be a veritable constant literary gathering as authors and musicians chewed the cud while waiting for Richard Marshall to get round to interviewing them... Richard Cabut and Bertie Marshall would be arguing the toss over who said what in 1977... me and Andrew Gallix would be bickering over some editorial issue and then decide to sod it and go down the pub to indoctrinate the interns into a life of alcoholism... actually, there'd be too many distractions, nothing would ever get done. 3AM would probably fold in a month. The Arts Council would demand their money back. So there you have it. 3AM has an office -- cyberspace. Like literary mags of years gone by ( Merlin , for instance), its personnel do their business wherever they find inspiration. An author once said to me that the reality is actually more fascinating than the myth in terms of the four guys who put the site together -- a politics lecturer at the Sorbonne, a deputy headteacher in West London, an East London-based government relations manager for a Japanese organisation and a web designer in Calgary. After I've thought about why there's so many people at 3AM that are called either Richard or Andrew or have the surname Marshall (though HP, Utahna and Wasco more than make up for that), I'll drop the student a line and see if there's anyone in my contacts book who might be able to assist them in their noble goal. 3AM -- it's not how we define it, it's how others perceive it. OK, enough self-indulgent wankery for today.

 Capital Bores An occasional series... 1) urlLink Ivan Massow . I don't know how you ended up Chair of the ICA, but you won't make a very good Mayor of London. 2) urlLink Will Self . I can't stop him ploughing a furrow as a third-rate Ballard, but I do wish he wouldn't. 3) urlLink Stephen Bayley . Whatever you're thinking of writing, just stop, right there. 4) urlLink Tristram Hunt . I don't care if you think London was swell in Victorian times, she's dead. 5) urlLink Toby Young . You're right, you are crap.

 Posy Simmonds' Literary Life urlLink Now online . Archived too.

 A literary feud in my in-box "On urlLink Gawker , this is posted: "Using the greatest tool at their disposal -- Amazon customer reviews -- this group mounted a campaign to singlehandedly destroy Bissell's career. What's next -- they're gonna put up fake Nerve ads to embarrass Bissell? Oooh, harsh. "The gang also trashed a book by Believer editor Heidi Julavits on Amazon, ..." This is absolutely false. We have not posted anonymous reviews to Amazon. We sign our names to everything. You are posting false information on your site and should either correct it or remove it. Sincerely, Michael Jackman Executive Director Underground Literary Alliance"

 Belly Button Nice urlLink interview with Sophie Crumb in the New York Times (thanks to urlLink Bugpowder for this).

 Mozza urlLink Suhkdev Sandhu on urlLink Mark Simpson 's ode to the son of a Stretford librarian in the Daily Telegraph .

 Could we muster 20 000 'thinkers' in Britain? From urlLink The Guardian : "More than 20,000 French artists, thinkers, film-makers, scientists, lawyers, doctors and academics have signed a petition accusing the centre-right government of "waging war on intelligence" and instituting "a new state anti-intellectualism". In a campaign bound to inflame passions in France, where penseurs are accorded the kind of respect most countries reserve for their rock stars, the signatories denounced a "coherent policy" to "pauperise and fragilise every field considered ... unproductive, useless or dissident". Among the better-known names to have signed the document, published in today's issue of Les Inrockuptibles magazine, are the philosopher Jacques Derrida, film-makers Bertrand Tavernier and Claude Lanzmann, theatre director Ariane Mnouchkine, novelist Marie Darrieusecq, the former Socialist culture minister Jack Lang and Danny Cohn-Bendit, hero of the May 1968 student uprising."

 A very French affair The story concerning the extradition of the Italian novelist Cesare Battisti from France: "A reformed Italian terrorist turned successful crime writer has been arrested and faces extradition from France, despite a longstanding promise that Paris would always provide a safe haven for one-time Red Brigades militants. The arrest last week of Cesare Battisti, who has lived peaceably and openly in the French capital since 1990, has prompted a storm of protest. "France offered judicial protection to these men and women," a Socialist party spokesman, Julien Dray, said yesterday. "Not to respect that promise would be unworthy of France's traditions and an insult to our history." Opponents say the government has broken a 1985 pledge by the late Socialist president, Franois Mitterrand, that members of the far-left terror cells, whose bombings and assassinations rocked Italy in the 1970s and 1980s, would be left in peace in France provided they renounced their past, did not go into hiding and kept out of politics." ( urlLink more )

 Eggers all over his face urlLink Bully Magazine on the Underground Literary Alliance, Dave Eggers and amazon.com reviews : "In an amazing story that no doubt ruined Valentine's Day for at least a few authors, Amy Harmon reported in last Saturday's New York Times that a week-long glitch in Amazon.com's Canadian site had caused formerly anonymous customer reviews to be posted with the reviewers' real names. Not surprisingly, a number of authors were - gasp! - found to have praised their own work rather highly. But in a dark twist that strikes right at the heart of a debate currently raging in the literary world, it was also discovered that at least one well-known author had made wild personal attacks against the people he thought were responsible for posting negative reviews of a friend's book. Again this is not terribly surprising, but in this case the accused were the literary world's favorite bugbears, the Underground Literary Alliance, and their anonymous attacker was revealed to be none other than super-successful memoirist and mini-mogul Dave Eggers. Calling himself only "a reader from St. Louis" - he lives in San Francisco - Eggers savagely attacked the ULA on the customer review pages for Heidi Julavits's novel The Effect of Living Backwards. Reached by Harmon, Eggers admitted writing the review, saying "In this case I just tried to bring back some balance."

 I've a bone to pick with you urlLink Elsewhere on 3AM , there are those who take issue with the Evening Standard 's pop critic. I want to take issue with 'literary critic' David Sexton's column (for the second time in a month). In today's offering, Sexton discusses (no weblink, of course) the forthcoming urlLink Get London Reading initiative of the Mayor, Ken Livingstone. This is not just another 'Big Read' type affair, its purpose being to promote literature about London in all its forms. Of course, as is the way these days, there is a urlLink definitive shortlist of 12 essential London books (all by living authors and in paperback) to devour and devour it Sexton does. Sexton's contention is that there "is no, single, unarguably great novel about contemporary London." at the moment for readers to "give a friend from New Zealand or France to read about London" as apart "from maybe Ruth Rendell, there aren't even any great crime contenders (Yorkshire and Edinburgh fare better)." I'm sure Jake Arnott will be pleased with that. Furthermore "We have no Dickens today." I'm sure well all share Sexton's indignation and anxiety at this parlous state of affairs. History will be the judge however and I'm equally as sure that right now, somewhere in London someone is scribbling away at a book that will fill this over-agonised void. A few weeks ago, Mr Sexton penned a piece for his London-based paper on how literary websites were becoming more and more important. Great stuff, I thought, shame the article wasn't online. And from what country did the sites he mentioned hail from? The US, of course. I wrote Mr Sexton a polite letter mentioning this and did he bother to reply? Of course he didn't.

 Uncle Bulgaria in The Foundry The urlLink Wombles organise a benefit rave. urlLink Banksy shows off .

 Oh no! Now deceased Northeastern queen of the colliery lad and lass novel, Catherine Cookson, urlLink loses her crown as urlLink queen of the libraries . Meanwhile, DBC Pierre has a few words to say on decadence in the urlLink Telegraph's literary Diary section , it seems: "When a first-time novelist garners massive sales and prestigious awards on his entry to the literary scene, how does he follow that up? DBC Pierre has the answer: "I want to set a new benchmark in decadence," he declares. After the success of Vernon God Little, Pierre is working on his next two novels for Faber & Faber. "My next book, Ludmila's Broken English, is about immigration and globalisation; two English boys go to Russia and get eaten up by forces beyond their control." But it is his third novel that is particularly exciting the erstwhile fraudster and cocaine addict: "I've found a way to make vulgarity acceptable," he says."

 His mouth will taste of wormwood Forest Hill-based social historian Jad Adams' history of Absinthe reviewed in yesterday's Observer urlLink here . Check out Tom from urlLink The Idler 's review of last week urlLink here also. Meanwhile, Daren King's Jim Giraffe gets reviewed in The Guardian urlLink here : "Jim Giraffe, on the other hand, is a molotov, an act of conscious abuse. It is relentless. Part Donnie Darko, part Harvey the Rabbit, part Kafka - but post-televisual Kafka trapped on Planet Comedy - it conforms to stereotype at the same time as it blows the "travelling suburban circus" of modern narrative to bits, pointing out the pointlessness, the utter brutish stupidity of being literal on an insane planet. Gogol's man became a nose and Kafka's a beetle; King's agent of transformation is the giraffe alter-ego, the giraffe-penis: "like everything in this world, it all boils down to cock"."

 One for Hari Kunzru, this Anyone for a game of urlLink Daily Mail Monopoly ?

 More on Bill Hicks Yep, urlLink 10th anniversary of the comic genius' death: "When did sex become a bad thing? Did I miss a meeting? Playboy - pornography - causes sexual thoughts. Penthouse - pornography - causes sexual thoughts. You know what causes sexual thoughts when it's all said and done? ...Here's what causes sexual thoughts... having a dick. ...In the course of our day ANYTHING can cause a sexual fucking thought. You can be on a train, and it's rocking kinda nice. Pants are a little tight. Oh my God, I've got a woody! ...What are we gonna do, ban public transportation? I find it ironic that people who are against sexual thoughts are generally these fundamentalist Christians who also believe you should be fruitful and multiply. It seems like they would support sexual thoughts, you know, perhaps even have a centrefold in the Bible. Miss Deuteronomy. Turn offs: floods, locusts, smokers. I actually did that joke in Alabama, right. These three rednecks met me after the show, man. 'Hey, buddy! Come here. Hey, Mr Comedian! Come here. Hey, buddy, we're Christians, we don't like what you said.' I said, 'Then forgive me.' It seemed so obvious. You know?" At the Vic theatre, Chicago, November 1990

 We're all Artrockers now Today's Guardian claims to be witnessing the birth of a new musical movement in the form of The Scissor Sisters and Franz Ferdinand. I'm not averse to the Scottish quartet but I draw the line at The Scissor Sisters personally. Anyhow, this new movement's name? urlLink Art rock , apparently.

 "Is it wrong to want to live on your own?" urlLink Salford Lads Club repays one hell of a debt to The Smiths in today's Guardian .

 The Shoegazer revival starts here! For years they laughed at me and mocked urlLink my affliction . Well, who's laughing now as London gets its first urlLink Shoegazer night in over a decade: Upstairs at The Garage, Highbury Corner April 22nd : Gasolineros + Cablecar + Douglas Heart May 25th : The Zephyrs + Ulrich Schnauss + Air Formation

 Deutsche Girls urlLink Porn und drang in The Guardian today, concerning the literary storm surrounding German novelist Thor Kunkel's (as yet unpublished) book about the Nazis' pornographic leanings. It's not like urlLink German film directors are having a good time at the moment either.

 Vice is nice urlLink Peter Tatchell on Gilbert Adair's latest Parisian offering in the London Evening Standard . Meanwhile, here's the Times ' urlLink review of Daren King's Jim Giraffe : "'Jim Giraffe' is a ghost giraffe who wants to help Scott Spectrum, a scriptwriter for the Science Fiction Channel, avoid having a heart attack caused by lack of sexual release. Given that Scott is married, one would think this an easy problem to remedy, but the only re-entries that interest him concern his favourite creation, 'Space Man in Space'. Kings smutty, surreal picaresque provides the missing, and heretofore unsought, link between 'Carry On' and 'Monty Python'."

 Saluting Bill Hicks urlLink Bill Bailey on modern comic legend Bill Hicks in The Independent .

 Suicide Blondes? urlLink Boing Boing on the decision of urlLink Suicide Girls to betray their "humble indie dot-com beginnings" by syndicating with urlLink Playboy . urlLink Casino Avenue gives his commentary: "I don't know if you're familiar with an "alternative" rude site called Suicide Girls - supposed to be an alternative to crappy Playboy stuff, that kind of thing, and seems to have found the backing of the likes of Dave Grohl and Courtney Love. It's actually not a very pleasant place once you get into it (ie, erm, subscribe) - rumours that it treats its models poorly, and it's full of full of rather reactionary and ignorant Americans, none so reactionary, ignorant and American as its founder. Now here's the icing on the cake - it's teamed up with Playboy. Deary deary me. More, and all the links you'll need, at the work-friendly Boing Boing. You can read more about what really goes on at suicidegirls.com here at a LiveJournal set up to discuss it - it's eye-opening stuff, especially the "free memberships for Israeli soldiers" stuff. Next week, massacre a Palestinian family, get a free webcam sesh with one of the girls. Make love and war, kids. The moral? Never believe anyone who claims to be on your side until they show it. And no looking at rude internet sites. Ever."

 But will they play Perfect Disaster? Club Disaster at the Oak Bar, 97 Green Lanes, London N16 Friday 20th February, 8pm-2am All-girl DJs playing rock 'n' roll, pop, punk, girl groups, rocksteady and beats 4 b4 10pm / 5 after Nearest tube: Manor House, then bus 341 or 141 (or Silverlink Metro BR line to Canonbury) Boys and girls welcome

 Don'tleanonmemanbecauseyoucan'taffordtheticket I love the urlLink BugPowder blog (there's not a Bomb the Bass record in sight either) -- if only for bringing urlLink Gitland to my attention. They also mention the urlLink UK Webcomix Thing , which takes place 9am-6pm on 20 March at The Octagon, Stepney, London. The cats at urlLink Borderline also now have their own urlLink blog .

 Abstract expressionist urlLink Paul Auster in urlLink today's Observer : "One gets the impression that, with Auster, his life and his art coalesce in a careful attention to detail: the arrangement of art on the walls, the tailoring of phrases, sentences and paragraphs, the fixed daily routine that underpins his working life. 'It still seems like a strange way to make a living, sitting alone in a room for long periods of every day,' he says, 'but that is literally where the work takes shape. I never go out looking for stories to tell; they grow inside me and become a weird compulsion. So, even though the story might change day to day, I know the characters really well, because I've carried them inside my head for years.'"

 Wanted: publicity for Zadie Smith and Nick Hornby From the Telegraph 's urlLink Literary life : "This month... sees the launch of the "Get London Reading" campaign which has been organised by Booktrust. It is hoped that independent bookshops, as well as most branches of the major chains, in the capital will promote the 12 chosen titles. The dozen works all feature the Great Wen in some way but the list could have been more imaginative. While Iain Sinclair's London Orbital and Gilda O'Neill's My East End might seem natural selections, do Zadie Smith's White Teeth or Nick Hornby's High Fidelity really need any more publicity? Maureen Duffy's Londoners, Michael Moorcock's Mother London and Geoff Nicholson's Bleeding London, to pick just three examples of books not on the list, deserve to be read far more widely."

 vnements de mai urlLink Gilbert Adair talks about the recent film adaptation of his novel The Dreamers (AKA The Holy Innocents ) by Bertolucci in today's Guardian 'Weekend' magazine. Review here soon. Meanwhile, former PiL and Gang of Four tour manager urlLink Emma Biggs talks about craftwork .

 As seen previously on Joe Bloggs As mentioned here a couple of weeks back, Daren King and Matt Thorne, two enthusiastic novelist supporters of the 'online Fitzrovia' that is 3AM , performed last night at The Garage Mini-Bar's regular 'Vox and Roll' event. OK, the beer was over-priced and it got a little cramped, but pictures say more than my words ever could so here's urlLink mine and urlLink Andrew Gallix 's fotologs with a pictorial discussion of events. Though not pictured, urlLink Nicholas Blincoe and Dan Rhodes were also in attendance, as was Ali Catterall. It was the kind of place you go to clutching a urlLink book in hand ...

 One for the anoraks I've been meaning to take a look at the urlLink Derelict London site for a while now, but urlLink Casino Avenue has reminded me to today. He also points out urlLink this one too and (subsequently) adds urlLink this one on disused train stations. Buy that man a pint of Guinness!

 He's here, he's there, he's everyfreakenwhere... Vernon God Little author DBC Pierre in conversation with Richard Powers in the Purcell Room, South Bank, London SE1 on 11 February at 7.30pm. 8.50/6(conc.).

 Blue Monday I'll understand if you don't share my excitement, but I've urlLink just read that there's a new installment of the Blue Monday comic coming in April. This is what they had to say... AN OPEN LETTER FROM THE BLUE MONDAY CAST RE: THE NEW SERIES Dear comics reader: Oni Press is releasing a new BLUE MONDAY series in April. Its called PAINTED MOON. Its by that Chynna Clugston-Major person. Shes okay. We like her all right. Its those sweaty boys at Oni Press that get on our nerves. First off, we know this is supposed to be a press release, and there actually was one written. That Jamie Rich guy, the whiny one with the big belly and bad hair and like eighteen ulcers, he wrote one and its got all these quotes about how excited we are to be doing BLUE MONDAY: PAINTED MOON, to be back after Chynna left us to do her solo record. SCOOTER GIRL made us feel like the other members of Bon Jovi when he did that YOUNG GUNS soundtrack. Not that we would listen to that, but everyone always complains that we dont like music that anyone has heard of, so were compromising here. But we digress Onis publisher Joe Nozemack stepped away from his desk. I think his martini glass got empty, or he was going to club a baby seal or something. Hes a publisher, and theyre eeeeeevil. So, we hijacked his computer, deleted the marketing hype, and were sending this out. Oni Press doesnt care about us. To them, were dollar signs with legs, arms, and, in Clovers case, big boobs. (Alan made us write that part. Stupid Alan.) When it came time to plan PAINTED MOON, we said we wanted to be involved more in planning this stuff out. We wanted to be able to grow. There are only so many times we can come back and make jokes about the boys being stupid and Clovers big boobs. We want more character stuff. It doesnt have to be Shakespeare, but how about a little MY SO-CALLED LIFE? Or at least a very special episode of THE O.C.! But nooooothey didnt want that. Sex, Nozemack said, and swear to God, we heard a cash register sound in his head. Bodily functions, Rich insisted, all the while touching himself in a place we wont mention. Honey, said James Lucas Jonesbut, after all, he is a bear with very little brain. We protested, but then Joe got our contracts out. They own Chynna lock, stock, and barrel, and Chynna owns usso were stuck. So, if you like that teen sex comedy stuff, youre going to L-O-V-E the new series. BLUE MONDAY: PAINTED MOON. Its got four issues. It starts in April. In it, Bleu discovers certain things about puberty that she might not have realized, and we learn a thing or two about Victor and why there is suddenly hair on his palms, too. (Victor said, Shut up! But were typing, not talking, so how exactly can we shut up?) And dont worry, for those of you who agree with us and want more character development, who want depthwell, you know us. Were clever. Comics editors are stupid. Well sneak some of it in there, trust me. Sincerely, Bleu, Clover, Victor, Alan, & Monkeyboy You can read an interview with Blue Monday creator Chynna Clugston-Major in the excellent Uppers zine urlLink here , with urlLink more in the notable Borderline .

 Mount Rushmore revisited 3AM old timers may remember an idea I once had and aired, of doing some sort of 3AM banner thing with all the 3AM editors/regular contributors' mugs on it. At the time it failed for various reasons but I'd like to take up this brilliant, provocative and amphibious (?) artistic project again, so here's the deal: Would you be so kind as to send me a pic of your face, one you like, not necesssarily an ID one but preferably, or at least one with a light background. I doesn't have to be very high def, but the lighting should be good (that is not too dark). Alternatively, you can also send me a URL where I can find a pic of you, this would actually save time. It will be so beautiful you won't believe it. cheers G.

 Brooklyn dodged Reviews of urlLink Paul Auster and urlLink Jonathan Lethem 's Brooklyn-centered novels.

 This Is Not A Love Song, apparently Those friends of 3AM at urlLink The Aquarium send details of their next event: I Hate Your Guts! A Celebration of Love, Confusion, Sex and Fantasy 14th Feb - 6th March Sat 14th Feb 6,30pm - 9pm A mixed exhibition, mostly of items from The Aquarium stock of rare & curious printed matter.... but we will also be presenting to the world a few new things made exclusively for the gallery, as follows: Billy Childish: I Have Cheated My Own Hart A limited edition set of (mostly) pornographic woodcuts that Billy originally did back in the 80s. Also included will be a lavishly produced handmade book featuring a fantastic extract from Billys forthcoming novel: Sex Crimes of the Futcher. These will be housed in a cloth covered archival box with a silk screen design on the cover. Only 10 sets will be made for sale. We will also be printing a limited edition of the cover design as 100 signed & numbered screen prints. Scorpion Thunderbolt of the 21st Century: Enclave of Love CD Single STOT21stC are a terrible terrible band and this is their first release. Stupidly shy of vocals, theyve got Power Pack in to do a stint on this one, leaving them to concentrate on their barrage of insane noise with a slight nudge & a wink towards some kind of warped pop sensibility. In true Aquarium style this will be a limited edition of only 50 copies, all hand packaged and complete with the Scorpion Thunderbolt Rule Book, sticker and snapshot. The two tracks on the CD will also be available for free download on their website www.scorpionthunderbolt.com The Prada-Meinhof Gang: Submission Ltd Edition DVD Of only Goddess No.11 editions, this DVD exclusively produced for The Aquarium and all water lovers is The Prada-Meinhof Gangs take on what is generally agreed to be the Sex Pistols only ever love song: Submission. Originally a film installation, this homage to Millais Ophelia reconstructs the song from the ground up, complete with an entire orchestral production and set to haunting visuals. The Prada-Meinhof Gang ask you to remember that Ophelia - Hamlets sick sister - is from a play in which the principle character - Hamlet - obsesses endlessly, forever contemplating suicide and madness - yet it is the female character of Ophelia who truly enacts both. The 11 DVD packages will be given to chosen people at the opening party by The Prada-Meinhof Gang. T-Shirts We will be making three t-shirts ( I Hate Your Guts!, Romeo, & Break Here To Enter) for this exhibition, all of which have been exclusively designed for The Aquarium. Again, only limited numbers of these will be available. Poetry Tim Wells and Sarah Kobrinsky of Rising & Dripping fame will be reading some of their love poems at the opening party and free print-outs of the poems will be available for you to give to loved ones. The Aquarium 10 Woburn Walk London WC1H United Kingdom 020 7387 8417 open: 11am - 6pm Mon - Sat Nearest Tube: Euston

 It's just not cricket, old chap There's urlLink controversy brewing at the Literary Society and it's not because there's a shortage of port. Lord Armstrong, a non-author and principal headbanger-in-chief under Margaret Thatcher's premiership (that's Cabinet Secretary to you), has been elected President of the esteemed body. Armstrong, who invented the much used phrase "economical with the truth" apparently, is somewhat out of favour as the chief proponent of banning of former MI6 agent Peter Wright's memoirs, Spycatcher during the 1980s. Even (Sir) Peregrine Worsthorne was moved enough to make an outburst. What surprises me is that such a body exists -- we aren't 3AM invited to be members I wonder? You'll be telling me there's a Royal Society of Literature next. Oh, urlLink there is . I bet it's all anarchy and debauchery with those two -- real urlLink Champagne anarchism in fact.

 What cinema rating are you? Take the test urlLink here . If you get any less than '15' please stop reading 3AM .

 The most hypocritical crawler in literary London An excerpt from Whitbread Book of the Year nominee DJ Taylor in this week's New Statesman Diary ( urlLink site subscription only however): "Two years back, I reviewed, unenthusiastically, a work by Novelist X. Unexpectedly, the book stuck in my head: whole episodes, lines of dialogue and incidental effects wandered there for months on end. I brooded on it, recalled the names of its characters, saw its cover staring at me from every shelf. Eventually, just before Christmas, I reread it, formed an entirely different view of its achievements and felt thoroughly ashamed of myself. What do you do in such circumstances? I decided to write to Novelist X in a suitably humble manner, owning up to this sad lapse in judgement. The letter sent, I discovered that X sits on the Whitbread jury, and probably now thinks me the most hypocritical crawler currently nosing the floors of literary London."

 Radio Free Europe The urlLink Bookslut is surprised to learn that Luther Blissett are a collective (they also been nominated for urlLink another literary prize ). My copy of Stewart Home's Mind Invaders says they're also heirs to the Situationists. Anthony Daniels in the Telegraph on urlLink the French . The urlLink "bogus Beatles" ? That'll be Jet then. Update: urlLink What revolution are you? quiz is a must complete affair (I got 'French' -- must be the fact that I love capitalism but hate capitalists).

 Taking Libertines From urlLink nme.com : "THE LIBERTINES are to launch a new LONDON club night dedicated to film and music. The Arts Lab is the latest event to be confirmed at The Coronet, a new venue in Elephant and Castle. The monthly club will feature films by different directors, actors and writers, followed by live bands. The first Arts Lab called 'Don Letts Presents... An Evening of Film, Live Bands and DJs' will run between 6pm and 4am on Saturday April 10. It will feature The Libertines and welsh rockers My Red Cell playing live as well as a series of feature films made by DJ Don Letts, including his legendary 1977 documentary on the punk movement. The film features performances from The Sex Pistols, The Clash and Siouxsie And The Banshees. There will also be a Q&A session with Letts and DJ sessions from Dan Donovan, Thin White Punk and special guests."

 Three things I noticed about Camden today 1) People think it's acceptable to approach you on the High Street and offer you stolen laptops 2) The Sainsbury's there has a self-service check-out that takes longer than a normal one and actually involves a member of staff standing over you 3) The branch of Music & Video Exchange has a 'Hoxton' section (ie. post-punk, punk funk and electroclash)

 It's Grim Up North London Reader, disparager of the small press and self-appointed critic Mark Durham emails in: "You think it's clever to knock the likes of Dave Eggers and Zadie Smith all the time, you are simply envious of their status and rank. Far from not representing a coterie, 3am seems only too well to represent a certain set of young British novelists - urlLink Dan Rhodes , urlLink Matt Thorne , urlLink Daren King , urlLink Tony White and urlLink Toby Litt, for instance as well as people like The Idler and Smoke. It's just Londoners and their websites. Don't put people down, just because they have the edge on you." I don't think 3AM sets out to 'represent' anyone. We have stuff on the site by New Puritan authors sitting cheek-by-jowl with Stewart Home and Billy Childish. The Underground Literary Alliance sit nicely with Paul Auster. If it happens that way, then so be it. It's what post-punk is all about.

 London: not for everyone, apparently Over at urlLink the main 3AM site today, there's an interview by Mancunian sort HP Tinker with local literary starlet urlLink Gwendoline Riley , who's been described as a "Camus in hot-pants" by all accounts. I remember a Time Out feature on her a year or so ago where she reckoned London wasn't up to much as a place to live. OK, Paris it is then! In positive disagreement with this assertion would be urlLink Diamond Geezer , the inspirational blogger of all things London and, fortunately, even then of an East End bent. Geezer (as he may or may not like to be known) posted a substantial entry (by way of a plug) for Jude Rogers' excellent urlLink Smoke magazine, with issue 3 now hitting the usual stockists. Geezer also discusses in a parallel context to my own recent offering here the urlLink London News Review , with whom I have been corresponding with the editors of. Paul Carr (who writes a urlLink weekly new media column in the Grauniad , keeping the homefires burning in a sceptical media scornful of "dot coms") was at pains to point out that despite its title, the London News Review is not London-centred but is more a news review that just happens to be published in London. Happy to correct my mistake, of course. Paul also points me towards urlLink technorati.com , which now enables me to see what kind things people are saying about 3AM on their blogs. Apparently it's how he came across 3AM 's existence and naturally I'm shocked and appalled that he wasn't aware of us previously. And in their own urlLink literary blog , there's some commentary on how often The Grauniad publish pieces on Hazlitt. Not enough, says urlLink one of 3AM 's editors. But the whole technorati thing has prompted me to undertake a revamp of our blogroll, which was created in 2002, when blogging was the sole preserve of 9/11 crackpots and chickenhawk sorts (and pissed-up literary sorts). Oh, and that reminds me, there's a new urlLink Idler out soon, containing as it does their new 'Ladies of Leisure' poll. Their site also gives mention of a new phase of urlLink Crap Towns nominations -- my London-dwelling Northerner animosity will be directed at Middlesbrough this time, a sorry excuse for a university, football team and place to live.

 How do you sleep? I've been having trouble sleeping of late ( "Hey!" , indignant Joe Bloggs reader cries, "I didn't think it was that sort of blog!" ) for some reason, generally it's a case of slouching up the three flights of stairs to the top of 3AM Towers overlooking Whitechapel High Street and falling flat onto the duvet, but I've been, quite frankly, under-doing it the past few nights. So a nip of Nairi (Armenian brandy) seems to do the trick and any readers having the same problem would be advised to get hold of some.

 Get Happy 3AM Magazine editor Andrew Gallix paid a visit to New Orleans recently to drop by on 3AM Co-Editor Utahna Faith (there seems to be a lot of this Transatlantic criss-crossing of 3AM folk of late) and by all accounts it was a thoroughly sober and sombre affair. Yeah right. In the spirit of this visit to promote US-EU literary fellowship, here's A Confederacy of Dunces protagonist Ignatius J.Reilly's urlLink exchange of emails with a Nigerian spammer (c/o the urlLink Bookslut ).

 Hang the DJ urlLink Morrissey to grace the humble Thames Valley town of Reading with his presence in August. He'll also be slipping down a few Leeds side streets around the same time. Hazlittean literature (it's all gone quiet since they renovated his grave...) urlLink given a boost recently. Shortlist for the urlLink Impac Dublin Prize announced , urlLink Jeffrey Eugenides and urlLink Paul Auster included. Provincial towns you chug round indeed... Britain's literary cities urlLink slug it out for some meaningless accolade.

 The power of feedback Hmmm, only a few hours since I posted about it and already the 3AM in-box is heaving with well-wishing messages and feedback. Well, all of two, but that's two more than I'd anticipated. I'll keep the facility open a while longer, but in this demand-led publishing market it's all about giving the punters what they want. Here's the summary of that feedback... You wanted more: - literary gossip - sleazy tales of London life You wanted less: - attacks on media people - anal-retentive discussions of indie music Who am I to argue? New look 3AM blog coming your way pretty soon. Now, in fact...

 Vanity publishers take note I had intended to post something about the demise of urlLink The Face but Katherine Flett has, fittingly, had the last word in urlLink yesterday's Observer . Owen Gibson, the Grauniad 's new media correspondent, also urlLink raises some pertinent points about the future belonging to the net as far as publishing is concerned, with websites now "[performing] the job that culture-defining magazines once did" .

 Worst post, ever! Following on from my post on the London News Review , a reader writes "Your blog is just a load of anal-retentive contrarian whinging" (yeah, and I love you too, 'Mark Durham'). I guess if you didn't know me, it would be easy to visualise me as some kind of Comic Book Guy off The Simpsons type who likes nothing better than sit behind a PC and write "Worst publication, ever!" over and over again. Of course, I don't see myself that way and by all accounts neither do those who know and work with me, I just believe in the right of people to take others to account for their actions. The press, in all its manifestations, is not exempt from this in my view and who better to scrutinise its performance than the media itself. However, this got me thinking. Not into the realms of the tired 'What is blogging all about?' introspection but more along the lines of authorship. What makes someone worth reading? What makes readers view certain writers as 'must-read' on a regular basis? For instance, I couldn't care less if John Pilger had his fingers blown off by a CIA-planted letter-bomb and could never write another New Statesman column again. But I would be beyond despair if Boris Johnson suddenly decided to go live in Rwanda, never picked up a pen again and merely took advantage of his own Spectator subscriptions to Africa appeal (for those of you who don't read it, The Spectator allow readers to pay for African villages to receive the magazine free of charge. I'm sure if I lived in Sudan I'd have better things to worry about that what Simon Heffer thinks of political correctness). I don't agree with either writer's viewpoint, but why is Boris indispensable while Pilger is merely indefensible? Both writers usually tackle the same subject (the motives of Tony Blair in any given situation) and come up with diametrically-opposing conclusions ("Blair is a fascist" or "Blair is a communist", respectively). Yet Boris Johnson manages to at least display a modicum of wit and engagement, while Pilger merely churns out autofeed-style conspiracy theories on a weekly basis. Another writer I've never 'got' is Rod Liddle. I don't think any of us would have heard of him had he not been forced into an ultimatum by his BBC employer concerning his temporary stint at The Guardian 's G2 section. Again, I'm assuming a certain amount of prior knowledge here on your part so I'll fill in (skip the next bit if you can't be arsed). Rod Liddle was Editor of BBC Radio 4's Today programme who was given the chance to be a temporary fill-in at the Guardian . In one of his columns he remarked that the presence of the Countryside Alliance on the streets of London should remind us all while, despite their manifold and manifest failings, the Labour Party still deserved to remain in place to keep the Tories out, Tories in this case being exemplified by the fox-hunting scum who marched so brazenly to defend their sick tradition (I'm paraphrasing here of course, but you get the point). Standard fare for a liberal elite columnist (giving the punters what they want etc). As such, this was cited as yet another example of left-wing bias at the Beeb and his employer forced him to choose between the two (you or I would have been sacked however). And how did he respond to this? With the most cringe-bearing headline to a newspaper column I have ever seen -- urlLink 'Reader, I chose you...' (you can't see me now, but I'm doing the fingers-down-throat gesture). So where we supposed to be grateful or something? "Oh no, Rod Liddle's not writing for The Guardian anymore! Where will I get my weekly dose of received opinion? Only two more days until the New Statesman comes out, phew!" Anyhow, I think I've doled out enough stick to other parts of the media for a while now, so unless more email is forthcoming I'll terminate the discussion here. Not to worry, anyhow, not long after that email there was one from an ex-girlfriend, telling me to blog less and write more.

 Indie Obscura Day 2 It's Monday and that can only entail one thing... Indie Obscura Day! Today's anal-retentive fest comes courtesy of Eat. I can't really wax lyrical for my love of this band for the simple reason that it never existed. I once bought a 12" of theirs on spec purely because it was in the 99p section of The Hit Parade in Hartlepool and to be honest I might as well have just dropped a pound coin down a drain compared to the joy it brought to my stereo (ie. none). Anyhow, here's the obligatory facts... allmusic.com entry: "Formed in the King's Cross area of London by several natives of Bath, Eat mixed hard rock, swampy blues-rock, Jim Morrison-esque poetry, and dance beats to create a singular hybrid. Eat's original lineup was fronted by vocalist/songwriter Ange Dolittle, with brothers Paul and Max Nobel on guitar and a rhythm section of Tim Sewell (bass) and Pete Howard (drums). The group built a following on London's underground scene, with Sewell and Paul Nobel frequently DJing parties on the side. Eat signed with the Fiction imprint and, after a couple of EPs, debuted on LP in 1989 with the acclaimed Sell Me a God. However, by November 1990, the band had split up as a result of both the Nobels' splitting with the rest of the band and Dolittle's heroin habit; a completed follow-up LP never saw the light of day. In 1991, Dolittle re-formed Eat with a new guitar tandem of Jem Moorshead and Max Lavilla. The band recorded the more psychedelic Epicure in 1993, which was released in the U.S. the following year. When Eat failed to draw audiences on their supporting American tour, Dolittle again broke up the band and joined the instrumental portion of the Wonder Stuff to form We Know Where You Live in 1995." Little-known factoid: Not only could you buy their 12" singles for 99p in Hartlepool's Hit Parade, you could also get them for the same price in Stockton-on-Tees' Tracks record shop too. Records from the likes of Airhead and Sensitize could also be bought in those fabled 'pound sections'. Where now?: Lead singer Ange Dolittle last seen fronting Big Yoga Muffin. With a name like that, they deserved not to be successful.

 The return of Lunchtime O'Booze In the Bricklayer's Arms today (the arty hang-out in Hoxton, not the rough dive in Sarf Landan) I couldn't help but notice (as they were on every available surface) that copies of the recently-launched urlLink London News Review are being given away there, gratis . I know the paper's offices are spitting distance away, but your average punter is not going to cough up for a subscription to the thing if they can just swan into a pub and read it in five minutes flat over a pint of Stella. One meejah type I know reckons the paper will urlLink go the same way as The Face , but in less time and with fewer people noticing. Let's ignore that comment and assume they're going to have a long and fruitful existence -- this post is a kind of 'critical friend' to them. By all accounts, they work from one of those converted industrial space units cum meejah operations off Brick Lane, so I suppose I should champion business in my locale. My first impression of the publication is that it's a bit matey-matey and seems to celebrate its own existence a tad too much. Someone really should point this out to them, as while they may enjoy the process of celebrating themselves ( "Whehay! We write stuff!" ), they do have to make a profit for someone and prospective readers might not be particularly interested in their existence as people in themselves. I may be wrong, but to me it seems to the extension of a few second-rate Grauniad -sters who feel that they deserve more than an online presence for their journalism. It's also the extension of the all-too-familar London meejah conversation of "You know, there's a gap in the market for a fresh London paper of some description..." . Such conversations usually end with the shrugging of shoulders and then move on to an argument over whose round it is. Here however, it's ended up as a tangible product. Fair play to them, you might say, it's all very well for you sat there on your PC ploughing your furrow with your NDJDC (non-day-job-dot-com), at least they've gone out there and done something. Yes, well, erm, but... OK, for a start, the producers of the paper urlLink seem to have spent urlLink more time talking about the need for their paper and urlLink the trials and tribulations of publishing than actually publishing it. Perhaps their editor should just take over the Guardian media section or something, his heart seems more into that. Secondly, there's the hyperbole: "Each issue provides a complete round-up of the week's news, combining behind-the-scenes analysis of the major (and not so major) stories, interviews with prominent newsmakers, and irreverent commentary from some of Britain?s finest and funniest writers. It is sharp, thought-provoking, opinionated, influential and absolutely indispensable." Obviously, in sales and marketing terms, no publication worth their salt is going to say "We're a bit crap really" (I fully confess that 3AM could do with a make-over in some areas...) but I'm not sure if any publication is fit to pass judgement on themselves in such a way. The fact that they have to do it and don't have anyone to do it for them suggests they should keep quiet until there's a few more issues to compare. For what it's worth, the issue I came across is better than I expected (some good political pieces in there, as well as media commentary), though the blatant plug afforded to Tory mayoral candidate Steve Norris jarred a little. I'm not sure it's their role to do anything other than bash him, not give him the an opportunity for publicity and hits on his website, but there appears to be some political ambiguity there (ie. stock anti-US tirades sit cheek-by-jowl with championing of a blogging Labour MP who happens to be the most ardent Iraq war supporter in Parliament). Thirdly, there's the associated products, urlLink The Friday Thing (more matey-mateyness and not funny) and urlLink London by London (an 'interesting concept' which has, in turn, descended into a Mayor Ken-bashing platform for fans of the oleaginous Lib Dem candidate Simon Hughes or the annoyingly smug Green Party hopeful Darren Johnson). So what are the portents for the LNR ? Difficult to say really, they appear to have enlisted the urlLink ICA as major advertisers and stockists but beyond that, are they making any in-roads outside of the media elite? Not having access to their circulation figures, I can't pass judgement on that score. What I can say though, is as a non-media elite person in their key demographic (I'm a single late 20s male with a disposable income and no mortgage), I'd rather read fresh writing about London from complete unknowns rather than celebrity twaddle from TV comedians whose careers have peaked. Time for another Stella I think.

 Less is Moore urlLink The Bookseller column of this week's Guardian Review contains an entry on our friends at urlLink Soft Skull Press today: "A small US publisher, Soft Skull Press, is relishing the publicity after HarperCollins demanded that it change the title of one of its books. How to Get Stupid White Men Out of Office, a collection of essays edited by William Upski Wimsatt, might be confused with Michael Moore's bestseller Stupid White Men, HC alleged; "Accordingly, we demand that you eliminate the phrase Stupid White Men from the title of Mr Wimsatt's book prior to publication." HC now says that the issue is settled. It's too late: Soft Skull saw an opportunity to get coverage, and it has not been disappointed. The US press has enjoyed the story particularly because HC and Moore (who is published in the UK by Penguin) fell out when the company put publication of Stupid White Men on hold following September 11. Moore's comment on the current controversy is: "It is kind of strange that a publisher that first tried to squash my book is now trying to defend their economic interest now that it is a bestseller.""

 You can put your tongue away now, boy urlLink Puff piece in today's Grauniad concerning the love-in between Dave Eggers and Zadie Smith (Nick Hornby likes to watch, apparently). I've always wondered if, secretly, Alex Garland and Zadie Smith donate their sperm/eggs to create a new generation of uber-hip publishers' wet dreams -- somewhere in W1 there's a firm of graphic designers already working on the dust jacket imagery as I write this, while these precocious babies are awaiting intensive tuition of some description. Anyhow, back to the plot... author Gordon Burn attempts to place all of this into a milieu of some description and is at pains to create literary parallels: "Clive James once famously responded to the criticism that he only ever seemed to recommend books written by his friends in the annual, pre-Christmas roundups with the reply that books by his friends were the only books he had time to read. He was mocked for what was taken to be a piece of bare-faced self-aggrandisement. But James was part of the circle that formed around the late Ian Hamilton, the poet, critic and editor of, first, the Review, and then the New Review in Soho in the 60s and 70s. The group included Al Alvarez, James Fenton, Craig Raine, Julian Barnes, Martin Amis and Ian McEwan. And reading the festschrift that was published to celebrate Hamilton's 60th birthday four years ago, it was salutory to be reminded that it hadn't come into existence, fully-formed, as a cohesive, self-lubricating unit of smooth metropolitan movers and shakers. Barnes, for example, describes his humiliation at turning out in what the New Review lags referred to pointedly as his "literary London" suit (it was green velvet). McEwan at the time was living in an attic room in South London. Along with the other regulars at the Pillars of Hercules pub next door to the NR offices in Greek Street they were carrying on a Grub Street tradition dating back to the clubs and coffee houses of Samuel Johnson's London, the salons of Paris and Bloomsbury, the Algonquin Round Table and the crash pads of the Beats. But the set-up the New Review crowd most nearly emulated was Cyril Connolly and his "friends of promise" at Horizon, which was launched in 1939 on the eve of the second world war and persisted for a decade." The urlLink Underground Literary Alliance won't be impressed, that's for sure. Update: the urlLink Bookslut herself is also not impressed.

 Bam bam bow bow bam The much remarked-upon urlLink I Love Books is one the best, funniest things to happen to literature on the net for many a year. And of course, how do you summarise The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy ? "42", of course.

 Do It All Over Again Novelist Tim Lott on his urlLink tempestuous love affair with music. Hot on the heels of love with urlLink Throbbing Gristle . urlLink Relaxed Muscle headlined a fundraiser gig for Ken Livingstone's mayoral re-election campaign at the Hammersmith Working Men's Club last night, alongside Bob Stanley of Saint Etienne. I couldn't make it...

 Diamonds, Fur Coat, Champagne A jet-lagged urlLink Wasco arrived in London yesterday. The first I heard of it was when I received a call from him claiming to be a certain former 3AM Co-Editor who wanted to me take me to task about my latest ad hominem Bob Geldof criticism on here! I left him in the urlLink ICA for a few hours and when I returned he'd already found musical acquaintances that he didn't even know were in town. A phonecall to urlLink George Berger later and we were all set. Wasco's in town for urlLink All Tomorrow's Parties , the electica-fest on the Sussex coast taking place soon and last night was an ATP showcase at the ICA featuring Bardot Pond and Jackie O Motherfucker. Given the scarcity of tickets for the ATP weekends each year, the ICA staged the event as "a place to come and feel part of it". We sat and ate/drank with the bands for a while, George/Gerard stated his desire to resurrect 2002's short-lived 3AM 'Arse of the Week' award (something conceived during a meet-up at the ICA of European 3AM editors back then). Given urlLink recent events , nothing would surprise me on that level. Soon it became apparent that we were actually sat (by accident) in some kind of opening night for the urlLink Beck's Futures 2004 show as all manner of celebs (well Neil Tennant of the Pet Shop Boys and urlLink Alan Yentob ) began milling around as sushi and champagne were paraded on trays held by insouciant-looking arts graduates. Not quite urlLink the Saatchi party of the other night , but at least there was people connected to the arts in some way at this one, rather than urlLink Eastenders actresses (wot no Max Beesley?). Bardot Pond were pretty intense, slow... but intense. I'm not sure Mr Berger was particularly impressed as they didn't really break a sweat or any equipment for that matter, but Wasco was well into it. I slipped away just before the end and noticed that there was a urlLink soap actress in attendance at the Beck's Futures party (albeit one who had at least been in a Woody Allen film and my favourite TV series, The Bill ). High and low brow really are converging it seems, and there's nothing we can do to stop it. I'm in the wrong business... no, wait... speak to my agent, dahling.

 3AM Eternal There's urlLink an interview with Devo biographer and Beavis and Butthead scriptwriter David Giffels up as of today. I'm now Managing Editor (responsible for 'business side' and 'promotions' of the site) so don't even think of sending me any submissions. The urlLink second installment of punk legend Marco Pirroni's interview by George Berger is also posted -- Greg Whitfield's interview with PiL mainstay Keith Levene will follow soon. The '3AM Reviews' site is no longer there. Don't mourn it too loudly now.

 London Soul The new issue of urlLink Smoke hits the news-stands on 26 March and is lovingly put together by my one time drinking associate Jude Rogers. Expect more psychogeographical enquiry from people who really should know better and should have better things to do with their time. What I'm saying is, it's good and merits your attention.

 Tortured Soul Read The Independent 's recent interview with Will Oldham urlLink here . Read 3AM Magazine 's not-so-recent interview with him urlLink here .

 Trouble at mill Once again, urlLink MediaBitch nails it with their biting expose of Mirror staff's true feelings about the tacky gossip rag forced on them by the men in suits: "It seems theres a little tension in the air at Canary Wharf following the launch of the Mirror s 3am Magazine. Unlike the Mirror itself, the first edition of the magazine bulged with naked flesh. It carried a series of explicit screengrabs of the raunchiest moments from Sex in the City that would never have made it into the newspaper. The phones been ringing from angry parents ever since. One staffer revealed: We never see them theyre on a different floor. They dont seem to understand what the Mirrors about, but then neither do some of the people in the senior management." Over at The Independent , former Mirror Editor Bill Hagerty urlLink reveals similar tensions: "Following my observations in this space on the Daily Mirror's 3am Magazine, I received a most lucid letter from a member of its production staff. Far from, as I wrote, the magazine team believing that the newspaper has totally lost its way, he insisted: "I am inordinately proud to be on this paper." He and other team members saw their role as helping to boost the Mirror circulation to back over two million and "trying to revive the spirits of this once-great institution". In the face of such admirable passion, I concede that I must have been ill-informed on this point." Oh well, if they're that pissed off, they can always come and work for the urlLink real 3AM Magazine . I can guarantee them a pint a week by way of a salary. A pint of milk, that is.

 Rock With You in SE8 The Rocklands Tourist Board website is urlLink here . Deptford/New Cross has an enduring musical heritage that continues to this day. My favourite anecdote concerns Dire Straits, whose leading light Mark Knopfler lived on Deptford High Street in the 1970s. Back then, he used to frequent The White Swan pub on Blackheath Hill where all manner of jazz acts played. Inspired by this he penned 'Sultans of Swing'. Years later, Dire Straits went on to fame and fortune (though they never seemed to recover from working with Sting on 'Money for Nothing') and The White Swan became a bikers' pub. One day, a coach-load of nylon anorak-clad Scandinavian Dire Straits fans turned up and in true redneck bar-style, the pool balls stopped mid table and whatever record was playing at the time did likewise. Their demand of "Now you must play us 'Sultans of Swing'!" was met with a rather inevitable response from Chopper and pals. Or so my mate's brother reckons...

 More ruminations on London pubs Serial self-publicist and ubiquitous reviewer Toby Young told, tellingly, in his How to Lose Friends and Alienate People that his bosses at Vanity Fair turned down the opportunity for Mr Young to pen a feature on the role of pubs in literary London. Today I noticed that the utterly loathsome 'Bad Bob's' bar on Chandos Place, near Covent Garden, is no more. I always found its existence totally demeritorious, the product of a sad man (in this case, Bob Geldof) dealing with the on-set of middle age by opening a fun pub. Let's hope it remains closed, although a South African-themed bar (the 'Springbok') appears to have replaced it.

 Vintage porn The publishing world continues its relentless assault on marketing department budgets with urlLink Vintage 's new series of 12 erotic classics, whose covers are given to salacious branding to pull in the punters, urlLink as reported in today's sub- Standard . Whatever happened to discovery or word of mouth?

 Indie Obscura Day In a bid to place as much clear blue water between us and our doppelganger friends at the urlLink phoney 3am , a new feature at 3AM will be Indie Obscura Day , every Monday. This will be a comprehensive run-down in the form of a tribute to the much-neglected but not forgotten indie stars of yesterday, for whom the royalty cheques always fail to materialise. First up in this series is Cud, indie superstars of yore, hailing from Leeds in the early 90s. The urlLink allmusic.com synopsis of their career reads: "Weird humor and eclectic musical parody are the hallmarks of Leeds, England's Cud, an indie-rock group consisting of vocalist Carl "Y.F.B." Puttnam, guitarist/keyboardist Mike Dunphy, bassist William Potter, and Steve "The Infamous Drummer From Cud" Goodwin. The foursome's impetus for founding a band was provided by a discarded drum set happened upon in a junkyard in 1987; just two years later, Cud had built a small northern England fan base and released their debut album, When in Rome, Kill Me. Their early indie singles and compilation/tribute album tracks were collected on 1990's Elvis Belt, and a new LP, Leggy Mambo, appeared later in the year. The singles "Robinson Crusoe" and "Magic" scraped the lower reaches of the British charts, sparking major-label interest; Cud allegedly chose A&M simply because the label had a trumpet in its logo. After a 1991 EP, Cud issued its acclaimed full-length A&M debut, 1992's Asquarius. 1994's Showbiz was released to similarly positive reaction, but the band's eclecticism perhaps made them too difficult to pigeonhole for commercial tastes, and the hoped-for sales success did not materialize." Little-known factoid: Cud were once mentioned (alongside Ride) in a Reeves and Mortimer sketch about an anal-retentive newsagent who managed indie bands. Where now?: This urlLink website pretty much details what they had for breakfast yesterday...

 Champion the Wonder Whore Wouldn't it be rather ironic if the inconic Catherine Deneuvre was revealed to be the real Belle de Jour blogger? If you don't believe the hype, urlLink Sarah Champion 's story is in urlLink The Observer . And if you don't subscribe to MediaGuardian's complicated sign-up process, then it's here, in full: "Ever since I found myself described as a 'wild child' in a local paper as a teenager, I dreaded that one day I would wake up to find paparazzi outside my door. Since then I've published a book of ecstasy drug stories in the wake of Leah Betts's death, briefly dated a well-known TV comedian and shared a spliff with a former member of the Beatles. But it never once occurred to me that what would finally bring the paparazzi to my door would be my use of commas. It was my punctuation that had me labelled last week as either the most celebrated literary hoaxer of the day - or Britain's most famous call girl. And all because four years ago I wrote an insignificant review of a book called Playing the Moldovans at Tennis, in which I wrote that the author's stunt of presenting a plastic B&Q round table to Moldova's new King Arthur was 'cringe-worthy'. When last Tuesday I took a leisurely stroll to a San Francisco caf it seemed an ordinary Californian day. Then the call came. It was a journalist from the Times. Since Tony Blair had visited my old school, Oakwood, days before, I assumed that he was searching for alumni - perhaps he'd found me through Friends Reunited. Not so. I would later discover that a whole investigative team was on my trail. 'You do realise everyone is looking for you? You're phenomenal. It's incredible,' he enthused. 'Everybody is talking about you. It has taken me five days to find you.' 'Well,' I laughed, 'San Francisco is an easy place to hide.' I let him talk, searching for clues as he purred with delight about finally getting to speak to the real Belle De Jour - although, being 6,000 miles from the centre of the hype, I had no idea what he was talking about. Who was he really and who had put him up to this wind-up? 'Can I just ask you, is this a work of fiction or are you a working call girl?' he concluded, with a conspiratorial whisper. A what? My heart missed more than one beat as reality hit, 'Oh fuck, this guy might be serious.' Only after he hung up, did I discover why he was so excited. Belle De Jour was a website proclaiming itself the 'Diary of a London Call Girl' and guessing the identity of its anonymous writer had become an obsession among the media and bloggers since it was revealed that she had signed a 'six-figure' book deal. So Thursday morning saw me share the front page of the Times with Gordon Brown's Budget. And inside, across two pages, was the newspaper's verdict: I was either a fraud or a whore. I want to make it clear that not only have I never been a call girl - which will especially please my mother, who has had journalists calling on her Manchester home - but I am not the author of the Belle de Jour net diary. I have not lived in London since 1999 and, far from a predilection for manicures, Gucci and French affectations, many will testify to my dedication to trainers, pints and northern slang. Meanwhile, I'm not big on obsessive daily confessionals, having rarely as a journalist ever written a piece in the first person. Until now. 'Your commas gave you away,' a mysterious one-line email from the Times man teased me. Only when the paper hit the streets did I discover what he meant. It was all down to punctuation. And a team of journalists who, like Agent Mulder, desperately wanted to believe. The Times recruited 'the world's foremost literary sleuth' to the cause - Professor Don Foster, or 'Doctor Comma', as he quickly became known in my household. Daft as it sounds, merely to discover the identity of a blogger the paper had gone to the extremes of hiring a New York academic described as the world's number one 'textual Ghostbuster', an expert previously brought in to study Monica Lewinsky's writings. In his book Author Unknown: On the Trail of Anonymous, he describes his successes. He is credited with confirming the authenticity of the Unabomber and unveiling Joe Klein, the author of Primary Colors. In my case, the Times boasted it took Foster 'just 20 minutes to discover what Britain's literary establishment had missed'. Belle and I apparently shared a unique 'linguistic fingerprint'. The clues were in the way I used my 'brackets, dashes, compound verbs and italics'. Dr Comma noticed that Belle had used the word 'cringe-worthy', which he considered an unusual hyphenation, and the phrase 'suffice to say'. Using his unique skills, he entered these clues into Google. Fewer than 200 webpages in the world contained both. Like Belle, I had once used them - in a travel book review when working for Amazon.co.uk. On this evidence, I found myself besieged at my San Francisco apartment while my parents were being pursued by reporters posing as delivery men. 'While no piece of evidence is conclusive by itself, I'm sure we have found our woman,' Foster told the Times. He backed up his findings with 'internal biographical evidence, that sealed my fate'. I had once lived within a mile of the A23 and had Yorkshire connections (I own the house in Mytholmroyd where Ted Hughes was born). In a recent entry in Belle De Jour's weblog, her boyfriend had flown to San Diego. My partner was in San Francisco. How could I be anyone other than the real Belle De Jour? By way of Moldova, West Norwood and California, she and I will be forever linked."

 It's not just me For those who read urlLink Joe Bloggs on a regular basis and actually get my MBV/JAMC references, then urlLink this cartoon will amuse no end. Thanks to urlLink Zan of Fotolog for this.

 Exclusive: 3am interview with Will Self urlLink 3am was given the opportunity to chat with leading author Will Self recently following the London Book Fair. Here's what he had to say... 3am: What's your favourite colour? Will: I tend not to think of a colour but more of colours , as such. Red is immediately recalled as the crimson fluid that flows directly through the pulsating aorta of Ballard's 1970s works, for instance, whereas black could be seen as a direct link to the more macabre elements of 1980s New York gay society. Of course, New Labour has considerably diluted the ability of the colour red to arouse even the slightest modicum of socialist fervour in the modern age. 3am: What's the last record you bought? Will: Well it depends what you mean by 'bought' really. Such a word can be associated with all manner of commercial exchange. A commercial transaction took place the other day when I purchased Beyonce's album for my son, Lex, but to consider my own musical taste begats an inquiry into a less recent era. I believe it may have been something by John Cage, circa 1987. 3am: What did you have for breakfast this morning? Will: I fail to see the significance of such a question. However, as you ask, it was lightly-toasted bread and marmalade. 3am: Do you think the Spice Girls will get back together? Will: Again, I fail to witness the significance in your line of enquiry. But as you ask, yes, I think they probably will. 3am: If you could change anything about yourself what would it be? Will: The validity of this question perplexes me. Are you suggesting a conscious surgical procedure or transmogrification by another means? 3am: You what? Err...

 We've only just begun Remember how (according to Mirror Group Newspapers Legal Department's Marcus Partington): "Obviously you have not experienced any significant problems to date. You refer to some confusion between the Mirror's 3am Girls and your business but suggest that your problems now arise because of our pull out magazine, which in any event uses 3am in stylised fashion with the bottom of the 3 forming a devil's tail. The word magazine is not prominent. The pull out is not for sale or given away separately but comes free with the Daily Mirror on Wednesdays. In the light of this, even if you had established a reputation and goodwill exclusively in the name 3am (which cannot be right given our much more widely circulated use of the name) I cannot see how, as a result of this use, any consumer or supplier of yours could be confused into thinking that our " 3AM" publication is connected with yours. Our pull out is aimed at a different readership (people interested in celebrity showbiz gossip) and takes a different route to the market, being available free with a national tabloid daily newspaper. Your magazine, on the other hand, only appears to be available online and is aimed at readers who are interested in literary fiction and other articles of a particular type and advertisers who are interested in reaching such readers. I find it difficult to believe that these two markets overlap at all. Indeed even if they do, I doubt that either your readers or, in particular, your suppliers, who would be well-educated in the type of services you offer, could be confused into thinking that there was any association between us. Although we have only recently become aware of your publication, I have never been informed of any instances of confusion between our business and yours. In all the circumstances, I am convinced that you do not have any valid cause for complaint about 3AM or the 3AM pull out." Our good friends at urlLink Nominet say otherwise. They reckon that on 10 March, a urlLink 3ammagazine.co.uk was registered by Trinity Mirror Digital Media Ltd. So we are hardly guilty of over-reacting or over-egging of any puddings when we say it simply isn't on. My only hope is that someone looking for the latest on Jordan or J-Lo accidently types in .com and gets more than they bargained for (or not, as the case may be). I had hoped it was all over but it looks as if it's only just begun... Meanwhile, over in the urlLink parallel universe : "THE midweek blues are a thing of the past now that our sassy 3am Magazine hits the streets every Wednesday. It mayh be handbag-sized, but it's still bursting with celebrity chat, hot gossip, star style secrets and beauty tips. IN next week's issue - FREE with the Daily Mirror - we get the lowdown on dynamic duo Ant and Dec. We reveal the woman who spent 23,000 to look like Victoria Beckham and how TV presenter Nadia Sawahla battled the bulge. Plus we chat with 21 Grams star Naomi Watts. WE'VE sexy shots of Simon from Blue, Heartbeat's Tricia Penrose tells us where she loves to hang out, and celebrity make-up artist Jemma Kidd shares her top tips for looking fantastic. SO if you want even more of your favourite showbiz column, don't miss Wednesday's fantastic 3am Magazine!"

 Baby Britain Was Elliott Smith urlLink murdered ?

 3AM Top 5: Disco cash-in tracks by non-Disco artists 1. 'Heart of Glass' - Blondie 2. 'Miss You' - Rolling Stones 3. 'Do Ya Think I'm Sexy?' - Rod Stewart 4. 'Another Brick in The Wall (Part Two)' - Pink Floyd 5. 'Another One Bites The Dust' - Queen You watch, they'll be on a certain CD next Wednesday...

 Biff Bang Pow! Peter Campbell on the Roy Lichtenstein show at the Hayward Gallery in this week's London Review of Books urlLink here . Suhkdev Sandhu reviews David Peace's GB84 for the Telegraph urlLink here .

 From having it large to having them large I have, thus far, shown about as much interest in urlLink award-winning blog urlLink Belle de Jour as I do in the antics of Shane Ritchie or Darren Day. To even the most untrained eye, it could only ever have been the work of a media insider, a broadsheet journalist perhaps. As such, the identity of the anonymous call-girl blogger has urlLink vexed the minds of Fleet Street's urlLink finest , with speculation rife as to who the blogger might be. So imagine my surprise when it was urlLink revealed today as none other than urlLink Sarah Champion , chronicler of the e'd up chemical generation and author of many chemical pulp stories herself back then. Back in the day (1996, to be precise) I had little time for Ms Champion's anthologies of chemical pulp, though one of my housemates at uni purchased them religiously, much to our amusement. But subsequently, it was explained to me that she'd only intended to have around 5000 of them printed and not to make much of a splash -- as opposed to unwittingly sparking off an entire genre that may be pored over by literary theorists in 30 years hence but means precious little right now. Sarah is a good friend of Gwen Bowers, who came all the way from San Francisco with her photographer friend Jenn, just to visit the urlLink 3am Magazine Xmas Bash in late December last year. Gwen and Sarah both hang out at San Francisco's Edinburgh Castle literary cafe, which is run by Alan Black, who interviewed another of the city's British literary ex-pat residents, urlLink Irvine Welsh , for 3AM recently. All interesting, anyhow. I wonder how many urlLink hacks will be screaming "We knew it all along!" now? And if it isn't her, then so what? Get a life and leave her to hers.

 Bowing to the inevitable... OK, the Mirror didn't capitulate and it still insists on publishing that infernal gossip rag. We didn't galvanise public opinion to our cause and force riots at their offices in Canary Wharf tower. And The Sun simply wasn't up for facilitating a drinking contest between the real 3AM Magazine and the 3am Girls to settle on who gets to keep the name once and for all. Murdoch and co. just didn't have the stomach to take on their biggest rival. So we will concede defeat and accept the fact that the Mirror 's corporate cock has jizzed all over our collective faces. From hereon in, when someone says '3am', others will think they mean a "cheap and tacky, and generally a bit naff" gossip rag rather than "the webs best litzine" or "an online Fitzrovia" . Such is life, I'm afraid. The not-the-"Oo-ah" urlLink Daily Star site features an interesting take on yesterday's fake 3am Magazine : "According to the Daily Mirror s TV ads, a "super glossy 3AM magazine is free" with todays issue. Trades description should be on to them like a shot. Super it ain't, and glossy? It isnt even a distant poverty-stricken hick second cousin to Heat magazine. But hey! Its free in today's Mirror , complete with a 3AM Hits CD (speak to your newsagent if it's not there). Belt out the wicked tunes like, Meat Loaf's Dead Ringer For Love, and the yet-to-be released for a thousandth time, It's Not Unusual by new talent Tom Jones. Inside the rag, it's more and more low-grade celeb nonsense, making MegaStar look like James Joyce's Ulysses. Strong-jawed horsey royal type, Zara I've-Got-Posh-Teeth Phillips gets page three turned over to her romps at Cheltenham. But no shock horror about Zara in the jockeys whey-hey-hey-ing room, more the fact she wore something similar at last years jump festival. A hat, and er, some boots. Best fish the "super glossy" 3AM mag out of the bin, then." Jesus, if it makes them look like Joyce's Ulysees then what does it make us look like? Pretty fucking good I'd say. urlLink Piers Morgan , you're a fraud and you'll be editing Bus World by the time you're fifty, take it from us, mate. So unless anyone else has anything to say, that's the last word from us on the subject. You won't find Jordan or urlLink Peter Andre here.

 Free this week! Only with your favourite 3AM Magazine ... That's right, we're offering each and every reader of urlLink 3AM Magazine an MP3 compilation, courtesy of urlLink Joe Bloggs . Start downloading the tracks below, carefully selected by the 3AM Team, today! 3AM Magazine - 'The English Pop Underground Vol. 1' 1. 'Pinks Socks Rock' - The Fairies Band ( urlLink here ) 2. 'The Bastard Son of Dean Friedman' - Half Man Half Biscuit ( urlLink here ) 3. 'Don't Slip Up' - Meat Whiplash ( urlLink here ) 4. 'Inferno' - My Bloody Valentine ( urlLink here ) 5. 'Velocity Girl' - Primal Scream ( urlLink here ) 6. 'Ace of Spades' (demo) - Shop Assistants ( urlLink here ) 7. 'Pass You By' - Mighty Lemon Drops ( urlLink here ) 8. 'The New Potatoes' - Denim ( urlLink here ) 9. 'Think of Me' - Darling Buds ( urlLink here ) 10. 'Abnormal' - Flowers In The Dustbin ( urlLink here )

 Attention Mondeo-driving salesmen! It's Wednesday and that can only entail another eagerly-awaited issue of "Britain's white hot celeb mag" 3am Magazine [sic.]. Continuing their free CD promotion (is the mag that bad?) this week, readers of the 'other' 3am can look forward to this on their stereos tonight: 1. 'Dead Ringer for Love' - Meat Loaf 2. 'Ocean Drive' - Lighthouse Family 3. 'It's Not Unusual' - Tom Jones 4. 'Got To Have Your Love' - Liberty X 5. 'Can't Get It Back' - Mis-Teeq 6. 'Wishing I Was Lucky' - Wet Wet Wet 7. 'No Woman, No Cry' - Fugees 8. 'That's Entertainment' - Paul Weller 9. 'Endless Love' - Lionel Richie and Diana Ross 10. 'Always Come Back To Your Love' - Samantha Mumba

 Pop Will Eat Itself The anti- Mirror backlash continues apace. This week's urlLink Private Eye contains an interesting item in its 'Street of Shame' section: "IT IS only four months since Piers "Morgan" Moron launched his TV series The Importance of Being Famous by attacking the "media-fuelled vacuum of C-grade celebrity nonsense". As he asked: "What is wrong with us? We are getting so obsessed by these people laughably called stars that we are developing quite scary levels of celebrity psychosis." So how is the Daily Mirror doing its bit to reduce the psychosis level? Why, by launching a weekly 3am Magazine two weeks ago. So far, we have learned that Kerry McFadden's hubby Bryan wears pink nail varnish, that former Spice Girl Emma Bunton doesn't like faddy diets and that Victoria Beckham recently bought some grapes in Marks & Spencer. Last November Piers claimed that nothing better exemplified "the strange, fame-gripped state our nation is now in" that the fact that people from Pop Idol are thought newsworthy. So what did we find in last week's 3am Magazine? A two-page spread with "25 amazing facts" about, er, Pop Idol ." While we couldn't have put it better ourselves, the fact that other media outlets are starting to concentrate so much fire on a 3am Magazine [sic.] surely exposes the Trinity Mirror's solictors claim that "I am convinced that you do not have any valid cause for complaint about 3AM or the 3AM pull out." to nothing short of utter ridicule. As someone pointed out to me, if a boyband came along called Slipknot then the real Slipknot might have just cause to argue that the confusion arising between the two could be embarassing for the band and its fans. I feel a strong letter coming on...

 Baggy shorts, Docs and long-sleeved t-shirts to replace Hoxton clone-ism? urlLink No Rock and Roll Fun (still the only blog to be named after a Sleater-Kinney song, to my knowledge) reports that Jim Bob of Carter the Unstoppable Sex Machine (who once formed part of that whole Levellers/Pop Will Eat Itself/Ned's Atomic Dustbin/Kingmaker/Wonder Stuff milieu of the early 90s) is to pen a biography of the band. Reserve your copy now.

 The Only Living Boy in New Cross Rarely off the stereo in 3AM 's London office (otherwise known as my Whitechapel E1 council flat) is The New Cross compilation of art rock bands from the SE8/SE14 locale. The album's now sold out and changing hands on eBay but you can listen to a handful of tracks urlLink here , 'Pink Socks Rock' by The Fairies Band tends to stick in your mind, with its rousing chorus of "Lick my, lick my clit!" . Doubt that'll get on XFM, never mind Radio 1, but who cares -- there's always urlLink Goldsmiths College radio ...

 Sense of girth Make way for urlLink The Chubsters . (via urlLink Charlotte Cooper 's urlLink website , which also features a good article on urlLink Cheap Date magazine)

 Lime Lizard , Deadline , Modern Review , Living Marxism , Melody Maker ... Dear Friend of THE FACE, Thank you for your support. It means a lot to us, and you can make a real difference. There is something you can do to ensure the future of the magazine. We have to prove to our publishers that we have real support for THE FACE, and the best way of showing that is to get more people to commit to buying the magazine. Please subscribe to the next six issues of THE FACE. You can go to www.greatmagazines.co.uk/theface and sign up for six issues for 16 (alternatively ring 0845 126 3333). We'll make them the most amazing copies of THE FACE you'll ever see. Send us your details after you've subscribed (to letters@theface.co.uk) and we'll invite you all to a giant FACE Party when we manage to secure its future. Keep the faith! Yours, THE FACE Team

 More Middle London bilge courtesy of the M25 Daily Mail 3AM 's on-going spat with the urlLink Trinity Mirror Group is a war on many fronts. One personal front is my on-going irritation at the decline of another newspaper, the London urlLink Evening Standard . The Standard , as I've mentioned on here before, is the capital's only daily paper -- unless you count urlLink Metro (the free paper given to commuters). The Standard and Metro are owned by urlLink Associated Newspapers , home of the dreaded urlLink Daily Mail (reactionary rag, home to reactionary columnists Simon Heffer and Melanie Phillips). Others at 3AM urlLink have written of their own loathing for the Standard and Hari Kunzru's refusal of a Mail -sponsored literary award is well-known. The content for all three titles verges on the identical -- scaremongering over the Atkins Diet, asylum-seekers and the Congestion Charge. The Standard , like its organ of Middle England sibling the Mail , now exists to promote a hegemonic vision of how others should lead their lives -- no deviation in moral standards and deference to celebrities and the Establishment. The London the Standard represents and promotes differs marginally from the Middle England the Mail attempts to preserve. Unlike readers of the Mail , the Standard 's readership are more likely to have black and gay acquaintances, therefore the prejudice is toned down immediately and the political coverage tends to concentrate on Mayor-bashing and opining about Council Tax rises. So the London of the Standard is the London of Zadie Smith, Tony Parsons and Nick Hornby -- safe, recognisable and slightly more 'street' than the Mail 's Middle England triumvirate of Jilly Cooper, Ken Follett and Andy McNabb. While the Mail 's readers are likely to opt for a Sunday visit to the garden centre, the Standard 's key demographic prefers a warm goat's cheese salad in All Bar One before watching the rugby -- compare the coverage of Jonny Wilkinson to that of Alan Titchmarsh. Today's Standard comes with a free urlLink 'Best Pubs in London' guide -- a nice gesture to the capital's drinking classes, you might argue. Au contraire, my friend. The guide is front-loaded with a best of the Oirish pubs section -- topical given that it's St Patrick's Day tomorrow and every reader is guaranteed a free pint of Guinness, thanks to the Standard (just don't forget to raise your glass to a Steve Norris victory in the June mayoral elections). That'll be good for the Craic then -- fortunate given that pubs in Dublin's Temple Bar are banning parties of English people these days. The rest of the guide contains the run-down on 'historical pubs', 'pubs that rock' and 'gay and lesbian pubs' (that's the 'diversity' box ticked then -- can you imagine a Mail guide of this sort with that in though?) -- with some glaring omissions. The historical pubs section wilfully neglects the likes of The Fitzroy Tavern and Gordon's wine bar, whereas the pubs that rock section fails to live up to its name by not mentioning either The Ship or The Intrepid Fox on Wardour Street. There's no All Bar One/Pitcher and Piano/Slug and Lettuce... but most Standard readers will know where they are already... and then I noticed, most of the pubs are located around West London. Just gives me another excuse to dislike the place, I suppose. Anyhow, that Ken Livingstone... he's a right extremist/up Tony Blair's arse and as for that Atkins Diet, it gives you Cancer apparently.

 When do I get to play Simon Cowell? Britain's first urlLink Lit Idol is urlLink crowned .

 More Crap Towns An assessment of the Berlin Biennial urlLink here . The Guardian 's Stuart Jeffries urlLink speaks out in defence of the brutal grey concrete architecture favoured by urban planners in the 1960s, most recently derided in urlLink The Idler 's 100 000-selling urlLink Crap Towns .

 Franz Ferdinand interviewed on 3am! Unfortunately it's urlLink that 3am ... Meanwhile, urlLink Media Bitch UK concur with us on the poor taste of the 3am Girls' foray into the CD compilation world: "Covermount CDs are always something of a surprise when you remove them from your favourite magazine title, ripping the magazine as you go. But the quality of the little silver discs you find attached to, or inside, your favourite publications is frankly getting ridiculous. Normally you can recognise at least some of the selected hits. Maybe Media Bitch is getting a little past her prime, but she didnt notice a single hit on Glamour magazines latest Glamour Hits package just a series of album tracks that didnt quite make the grade. As for the latest CD to come with the recently launched 3am Magazine, music to dance to in suburban nightclubs was not the word. Not a single track from the nineties or noughties really keeping up with the times, eh, Jessica, Eva and Caroline?"

 Getting shafted by the big boys Below is the response from the Trinity Mirror Group's lawyers, concerning their fake 3am Magazine [sic.]. Doncha just love the sneering, the whole "Who the fuck are you?" attitude? I tell you who we are, we're people who think there's more to life than the perpetuation of a tacky concept of 'glamour' embodied in b-celebs and make-up artistry. The real 3am Magazine is all for glamour, but of the more sassy variety. Anyhow, below is their response: Dear Mr Stevens "3AM MAGAZINE" Thank you for your letters of 3 and 10 March 2004. I note your concerns regarding our recent launch of our pull-out magazine, "3AM", which is available free inside the "Daily Mirror". However, I really doubt that this pull out will cause you any problems and I believe that you do not have any legal right to object to it. We first started to use the name "3AM" in the Daily Mirror on 3 July 2000. It was used as the name of a column commenting on the lives of celebrities and show business issues generally. Stories were gathered by our columnists very often from celebrity events and parties carried on until the early morning - hence the choice of name. You claim to have commenced the internet based magazine "3AM MAGAZINE" ; only three months earlier, in April 2000. I have not been able to find out much about that early use except that it appears to be internationally based (principally in North America and France) and to have used a variety of names such as 3.A.M Publishing and 3.A.M International. It describes itself as " ;edgy" and containing "cutting edge" fiction and "political satire", essays, documentaries and "culture orientated" articles. Obviously you have not experienced any significant problems to date. You refer to some confusion between the Mirror's 3am Girls and your business but suggest that your problems now arise because of our pull out magazine, which in any event uses 3am in stylised fashion with the bottom of the 3 forming a devil's tail. The word magazine is not prominent. The pull out is not for sale or given away separately but comes free with the Daily Mirror on Wednesdays. In the light of this, even if you had established a reputation and goodwill exclusively in the name 3am (which cannot be right given our much more widely circulated use of the name) I cannot see how, as a result of this use, any consumer or supplier of yours could be confused into thinking that our " 3AM" publication is connected with yours. Our pull out is aimed at a different readership (people interested in celebrity showbiz gossip) and takes a different route to the market, being available free with a national tabloid daily newspaper. Your magazine, on the other hand, only appears to be available online and is aimed at readers who are interested in literary fiction and other articles of a particular type and advertisers who are interested in reaching such readers. I find it difficult to believe that these two markets overlap at all. Indeed even if they do, I doubt that either your readers or, in particular, your suppliers, who would be well-educated in the type of services you offer, could be confused into thinking that there was any association between us. Although we have only recently become aware of your publication, I have never been informed of any instances of confusion between our business and yours. In all the circumstances, I am convinced that you do not have any valid cause for complaint about 3AM or the 3AM pull out. Yours sincerely etc etc.

 Jit lit urlLink Fufkin informs us that they've been nominated for the urlLink SXSW Web Awards . Oh well, that's urlLink another web awards we've missed out on. Then again, I'd rather hoped we're beyond all that now. I mean, we should be being invited to those literary parties that they show in the Evening Standard 's glossy magazine by now (ie. the ones which seem to be full of non-literary figures). I saw urlLink Alain de Botton had one the other night for his new book. And where was our invite? Show some respect, dude.

 We like Jim Dodge Well, urlLink we do . We're sorry if he's not dating the portly one out of an almost-defunct Irish boyband.

 I wanna be... Annie Keys! The Guardian of yesterday featured urlLink a piece on the paucity of ethnic minorities in the world of publishing. A good job people like urlLink Black Amber are around then, init? Mike Phillips reviews Bruce King's "groundbreaking critical survey" of black and Asian British writing urlLink here . But, please, enough already of Monica Ali and Zadie Smith!

 John McGeoch -- "one of the true good guys" urlLink Very sad . Few other musicians from urlLink that time would merit urlLink acres of obituaries.

 Love Music, Hate Racism A worthy endeavour, I'm sure you'll agree. 3AM never has a line and rarely backs anything but here we can make an exception and endorse to the hilt... urlLink LOVE MUSIC HATE RACISM @ LONDON ASTORIA 16th MARCH THE LIBERTINES BUZZCOCKS 80s MATCHBOX B-LINE DISASTER MISS BLACK AMERICA THE OTHERS plus special guest DJ and compere Tickets priced 12.50adv from 08701 500 044 or urlLink www.meanfiddler.com

 Holy shit! Kevin Shields interviewed in urlLink The Guardian !

 For you guys up North "A Public Art Project", photographs exhibition by urlLink Jeanne Madic , Glasgow, UK, in Sauchiehall Lane, between Douglas Street and Pitt Street, from 5th March 2004. And here's a glimpse of Jeanne's urlLink gang . G.

 "Rather cheap and tacky, and generally a bit naff" Top Scottish leftfield publishers urlLink Canongate throw their weight behind 3AM 's struggle against the corporate hegemony of the Daily Mirror and their name-stealing gossip rag. Mirror Editor Piers Morgan was presenting his 'Tabloid Tales' programme on BBC1 last night, interviewing Simon Cowell. Morgan fancies himself as a pioneering Fleet Street-era editor and is on a mission to restore the Mirror back to its heyday -- viz. his lone tabloid stand against the war in Iraq and support for the Labour Party. He was recently urlLink designated Esquire magazine's top media man under 40. Here's what will have landed on his secretary's desk this morning (copied into his bosses too, natch): Piers Morgan Editor, Daily Mirror One Canada Square London E14 5AP Dear Mr Morgan Re: 3am Magazine Following our letter of 3 March 2004, we note that we have received no response from Trinity Mirror plc regarding the launch of your new 3am Magazine, which you will have noticed bears a striking similarity to the title of our own magazine that has been published continuously since April 2000. We acknowledge that the 3am Girls has existed as a concept since July 2000 and while their existence has led to some confusion for those who deal with us, we have always been inclined to dismiss it. The publication of another 3am Magazine however, was always bound to have more direct consequences for us as a publisher. We feel that your failure to enter into dialogue with us or to even respond to our correspondence, issued for what most objective outsiders would agree to be understandable reasons, shows a breathtaking degree of arrogance and an unhealthy disdain for the small press by an organisation such as yourselves. It may be the case that you proceeded with publication of your 3am Magazine (which we now appreciate is part of a strategy to halt declining circulation figures), secure in the knowledge that as a publicly-listed company you had the full back-up to over-ride such inconvenient considerations as someone else of smaller commercial stature actually owning the name. However, in the longer term, we believe that this decision will ultimately come back to haunt Trinity Mirror as you have merely given succour to your detractors as a publisher of a once reputable tabloid that could hold its head up on Fleet Street as a by-word for campaigning journalism and comment of considerable standards. We refer you to press coverage elsewhere of the launch of your 3am Magazine. This decision may have been taken for commercial opportunism in a hostile market for tabloid newspapers, but you also have to be held accountable for your ethical conduct as a journalist. As such, your victory on this occasion is merely pyrrhic rather than symbolic. Yours faithfully Andrew Stevens Editor, 3AM Magazine This will keep on running and running. We were here first and Morgan has a lot to lose. Oh... I couldn't help but notice the following on the Mirror 's urlLink site recently: Want to expose the dodgy dealings of a firm and its bosses? Be it a billion pound giant or a small time shyster, our Sorted And The City team will want to know. Email sorted@mgn.co.uk (Please include a full postal address) According to urlLink Trinity Mirror Plc's financial data , their turnover last year was 1092m, which in UK terms makes it just over a billion. So I guess you'd call them a 'billion pound giant', acting like a 'small time shyster'. So who's going to report them to themselves?

 He's one of us urlLink Artists for Livingstone , including Emin, come out in support of Ken Livingstone's re-election campaign. I wonder if Red Ken would back 3AM against the Mirror ? Probably, given that urlLink they backed urlLink Steve Norris in the 2000 mayoral election. 'Loyal to Labour, loyal to you' eh, Piers?

 Anger management 2 Another day, another 3AM rip-off... yep, the urlLink Mirror have issued another edition of their eagerly-awaited (snigger) gossip organ, 3am Magazine [sic.]. It's not like I expected them not to or something, as if a "little-known online literary title" could stop the might of the Trinity Mirror Group and their much-vaunted plan to save the paper from extinction. I guess like the Wire song, we are the fly in the ointment of their cunning strategem to halt falling sales by feeding the Great British Public "an addictive diet of celebrity and gossip instead of news or analysis" in their "rather cheap and tacky, and generally a bit naff" rag (not our words, Piers, but Andrew Neil and the Daily Star 's). They probably didn't reckon on anyone else having the name and if they did then, hey, that's showbusiness! I wouldn't mind but it's Kylie Minogue on the front cover, with the headline "I'm a red-blooded woman!" , but fear not (real) 3AM readers, for there is a free CD, to give you that extra motivation to part with 35p for a copy of the Mirror today (as opposed to The Sun or The Daily Star ). And what's on this CD, you may ask? 1. 'Celebration' - Kool and The Gang 2. 'Video Killed The Radio Star' - Buggles 3. 'ABC' - The Jackson 5 4. 'I'm Coming Out' - Diana Ross 5. 'Word Up' - Cameo 6. 'Car Wash' - Rose Royce 7. '99 Red Balloons' - Nena 8. 'Boogie Wonderland' - Earth, Wind & Fire with The Emotions 9. 'I Love Music' - The O'Jays 10. 'Let's Hear It For The Boy' - Deniece Williams Who on earth (wind and fire) do they view as their potential market with this? Salesmen in Mondeos driving up and down the M1? An office girls' pre-night out mix-tape on the Alba stereo? That's not very ( Mirror ) 3am [sic.], now is it? If the real 3AM ever moved into the tabloid field ( The Sun Literary Supplement , perhaps?), we probably wouldn't have to bribe you with marketing gimmicks to buy the thing, but if we did, a free CD might look a little something like this: 1. 'Kings of the Wild Frontier' - Adam and the Ants 2. 'Teenage Riot' - Sonic Youth 3. 'Sunglasses After Dark' - The Cramps 4. 'Revolution' - Spacemen 3 5. 'Blitzkrieg Rock' - The Ramones 6. 'Promises' - The Buzzcocks 7. 'Sooner' - My Bloody Valentine 8. 'Fuck The Pain Away' - Peaches 9. 'We Don't Play Guitars' - Chicks on Speed 10. 'I Am The Fly' - Wire Oh... today's '3am Girls' column opens with the line "They say imitation is the best form of flattery..." . Erm, yeah, you're not wrong love(s).

 Anger management 1 Fancy a urlLink chat with Chuck Palahniuk next week? Jack White not to follow Pete Libertine into the slammer, urlLink by all accounts . The Smiths urlLink a cure for the blues? urlLink Patti Smith interviewed in the Independent . urlLink Squarepusher interviewed in the Telegraph . The original 'Psycho Killer' urlLink David Byrne interviewed in the Times .

 It aint over until the fat lady sings 2 3AM 's David and Golliath-esque struggle against Trinity Mirror plc urlLink moves up a gear ... The Mirror 's new publication has drawn some comment from the overly-analytical world of media commentary. Former Mirror mainstay Bill Hagerty assesses urlLink the other 3am Magazine 's likely contribution in reviving the fortunes of the flagging Mirror , once the tabloid flagship of Fleet Street in its heyday. Trade press journal urlLink Media Bulletin , on the other hand, hails the other 3am Magazine as "the first handbag-sized supplement in newspaper history". The Times urlLink actually covered it last month -- we should have been more eagle-eyed I guess (as did urlLink The Guardian , urlLink twice in one day -- as did urlLink Media Week ). 'Media Bitch UK' (who they?) urlLink dish the dirt on the low celeb-count at the launch party for the other 3am Magazine (and where was our invite?). Yesterday's Guardian dismisses the Piers Morgan/Sly Bailey strategem as urlLink a crude attempt to emulate the success of Glamour magazine. Meanwhile, the Mirror 's tabloid rival, the Daily Star , takes the other 3am Magazine 's launch personally -- urlLink dismissing the new publication as "rather cheap and tacky, and generally a bit naff" . We, erm, know how you feel. They go on to say that the new magazine "can't seem to decide if it wants to be Bella or Heat" and "If that's the best they can do, they might as well give up now." A few weeks ago, the Mirror urlLink declared that the mere prospect of a 3am Magazine had their "rivals in a sweat" . That's one way of looking at the situation. Ubiqitous media pundit extraordinaire, Andrew Neil (this time without vest, baseball cap and scantily-clad Asian beauty -- see Private Eye 's passim ), publishes his take on the situation in urlLink The Scotsman , arguing that "if anybody is to blame... it must be the red-top tabloid editors themselves who, over the past couple of decades, have fed readers an addictive diet of celebrity and gossip instead of news or analysis and turned trivia into an art form." . The urlLink Telegraph helpfully points out that the Mirror had to urlLink abandon a similar celebrity-focused magazine (the imaginatively-titled M ) last year due to it not being "strong enough" . I'm inclined to watch events unfold here, although some people have suggested I give The Sun a call. Oh, and finally (from the Guardian 's urlLink MediaMonkey column): "Much excitement at the launch of the Daily Mirror's eagerly awaited celebrity rag, the 3am magazine. Let's hope it contains more famous people than bothered to turn up to the launch at a groovy West End venue last week - who numbered precisely zero. To use the parlance of the 3am column... Spotted: Times media correspondent mingling with some guys from accounts in a deserted VIP zone."

 It aint over until the fat lady sings 1 Oh, urlLink it is .

 Newer rock and roll The 'Vox and Roll' series of literary nights in North London are well worth checking out. Here's the next few: Thursday March 11th: Stewart Home & Maxim Jakubowski The Mini Bar The Garage 20-22 Highbury Corner London N5 Doors 8.30 Admission: free Monday 15th March: Dan Rhodes, Daren King & Jim Dodge Cecil Sharp House 2 Regents Park Road London NW1 Doors 8.00 Admission: 3.00 Thursday March 18th: Niven Govinden The Mini Bar The Garage 20-22 Highbury Corner London N5 Doors 8.30 Admission: free

 It had to happen, I suppose After Pop Idol... urlLink Lit Idol . Of course, you could just get urlLink hitched to the latest cause celebre and get a book deal that way . 3AM will, of course, continue to champion value and integrity over vanity and marketing ploys by pissing in the face of the mainstream.

 Angrier by the day A review of urlLink Gordon Carr's Angry Brigade book , which was reissued last year (originally published in 1975). In terms of our friends at the Daily Mirror , a top libel lawyers have expressed an interest in our case...

 Manic Miners David Peace's GB84 reviewed urlLink here and urlLink here . Dan Rhodes' magnificent Timoleon Vieta Come Home reviewed urlLink here . Today's Telegraph 's Literary Diary contains the following on Dan: "This July, Canongate are publishing a debut novel, The Little White Car, by a mysterious young author who goes by the name of Danuta (pronounced Dan-oosha) de Rhodes. Her publishers swear she is not related to the cult novelist Dan Rhodes, also published by Canongate. Dan, they claim, was last seen somewhere in the British countryside recovering from a joint authors' reading with DBC Pierre. After that encounter, Dan claimed he would never write again. Meanwhile his stable-mate, Danuta, is so shy of her success in her native France that she has moved to New York where she is apparently dating a member of the band The Strokes. The confusion about the two authors' identities is compounded by similarities in their work. Like Dan, in her fiction Danuta likes to flirt with real life. Her heroine's story begins as she is driving a white Fiat into a Parisian tunnel. She clips a large, black car before speeding off."

 More subscription-only reviews but apologies for the length Hey, if my employer's willing to pay for it then society at large might as well benefit. From this week's urlLink New Statesman : Underground London: travels beneath the city streets Stephen Smith Little, Brown, 390pp, 17.99 ISBN 1567118666 Reviewed by Andrew Martin When I started in journalism, it was always said that there were two classic stand-bys for feature articles. The first was afternoon tea dances, which surprisingly (except that everyone knew about them) survived at certain genteel restaurants and hotels. The other was known as "London under London", which would allude to a range of underground phenomena. Learned stuff such as discussion of Roman remains would be optional, but anything macabre - tombs and abandoned Underground stations, for instance - would be compulsory. The difference between these subjects was that "London under London" was inexhaustible and foolproof. Anybody could write it, and everybody would read it. It was just interesting. The standard text to crib was actually called London Under London, by Richard Trench and Ellis Hillman. First published in 1984, this was an excellent book, but it now faces stiff competition from Stephen Smith's Underground London. Smith has clearly read Trench and Hillman's work, and gives it a credit in his bibliography, secure in the knowledge that his own book, while covering similar territory, is quite different in tone. Trench and Hillman would never have written, as Smith does in describing an explosion that occurred in 1846 within the buried River Fleet, ". . . a Thames steamboat rammed into Blackfriars Bridge on a bow wave of crap"; or that London "rests on its cold, wet base as negligently as a fat old man on a waterbed". Underground London is more writerly than the earlier book, and far more personal, to the extent that much of it consists of first-person reportage. Smith has a good eye. In the crypt of St Andrew's Church in the City, he contemplates the distorted lead coffins of plague victims: "They reminded me of the vanished fashion for blowtorching classic Coca-Cola bottles until their elegant necks were stretched into glowing icicles." He has a fine ear, too. Visiting the silver vaults under Chancery Lane, he detects a latent melancholy among the dealers who work down there, and quotes one who says: "They used to make everything in silver . . . Too many things. You'd need a football pitch for all of them. And you'd have to keep them clean. And they wear out." All the main under-London phenomena are dealt with - the hidden rivers, the Tube, the Thames Ring Main. And in most cases they are personally observed by Smith in the company of guides at whose expense he has some wicked fun. Visiting Westminster Abbey (with the under-floor interments in mind), he notes that the advertised "verger-guided tour" sounds curiously like "heat-seeking missile". But he does not manage to penetrate the secret subterranean governmental facility reputed to radiate across central London with Whitehall as a hub. In 1980, the investigative journalist Duncan Campbell entered this network via a manhole on a traffic island in Bishopsgate. He rode a collapsible bike around it, apparently while guards were having their tea, photographed it, and described it in an article published in the Christmas 1980 edition of this magazine. As a result, Campbell is a hero to the members of Subterranea Britannica and, Smith suggests, is a regular turn at the meetings of that mole-ish club. Smith believes that no outsider has been into the tunnels since Campbell, and he ruefully notes that there are "those who enter the government labyrinth and don't write about it, and those who write about it but don't enter it". Smith's book still manages to be full of revelations, albeit ones of a non-security-sensitive nature: Underground railway lines tend to rise up slightly within stations to assist the trains in braking; scientists from the Centre for Explosion Studies at the University of Wales worked out that Guy Fawkes and his colleagues had enough gunpowder to flatten the Houses of Parliament 25 times over; there are more bodies in Bunhill Cemetery than there are people living in Southampton. (To which the true Londoner will respond by asking Stephen Smith: Ah yes, but what do you mean by "living"?) Smith has a good go - well, lots of them - at explaining why we are fascinated by the underground life of the city, but I liked this one best: "The lore of the London criminal would be incomplete without the stash of moody money, to be dug up and divvied out as soon as the gang is back together again." It's the secrecy and mystery, in other words, plus the sinister overtone, speaking of which Smith actually encounters a sewer worker who extends his arms and says: "The rats are this size." That just about sealed it for me. Douglas Murray's review in The Observer urlLink here .

 Picking up Trash Those with a Rockist disposition -- and Im talking late-Penetration rather than The Darkness here -- might like to check out new band urlLink Trash Monroe , who provide crashing sounds to punch the air along to. The upstarts will be coming to a stadium in your hometown soon, no doubt. Attracting all the media attention is 22-year-old lead singer Melany. Such is the allure of this young woman that one music biz executive, married with children, skipped the usual What are you drinking? chat up line and offered to immediately install her in a swish rented apartment as his mistress. A typical pop industry tool, but if TM can inspire similar passion/crass stupidity in the punters, they'll be quids in.

 Which do you prefer? Over at the urlLink other 3am , they're talking about J-Lo and Ben Affleck's wedding plans. Here, we're talking about urlLink literary prizes and urlLink The Libertines (Pete Docherty's site can be found urlLink here with urlLink more here ).

 Space-watching I made the trip to Trinity Mirror plc HQ at Canary Wharf on the Docklands Light Railway last night and served upon their legal representatives what we thought about their new publication, '3am Magazine'. For legal reasons I can't divulge the contents, but we're not happy, not happy at all.

 Now that *is* what I call music One irritating aspect about being into music so much is the strong likelihood of meeting other people who share your enthusiasm. It is especially irritating when people attempt to argue that they were already fans of a band they are into now at an unfeasibly young age, or even go so far as to lie about it ("Yeah, of course you saw the Mary Chain on their first tour when you were 10, of course you did..." etc). To this end, I rarely mention that my first brush with The Smiths was aged eight. But in late 1983, I was bought a vinyl copy of Now That's What I Call Music 3 to play on my newly-acquired Amstrad hi-fi -- on the second record there was a song by the name of 'What Difference Does It Make?' by a certain four lads from Manchester. To be fair, I only liked the song because it was a jaunty number, if it'd been 'How Soon Is Now?' it might have been different and I probably preferred Duran Duran's 'The Reflex' or China Crisis' 'Wishful Thinking'. My next brush with Johnny Marr wouldn't be until he was in Electronic and even then I taped that off the radio. But it has urlLink been announced that urlLink Morrissey is to urlLink curate the next Meltdown on the urlLink South Bank in London . The LRB site publishes Andrew O'Hagan's essay on the great man (by way of reviewing urlLink Mark Simpson 's recent literary homage) from their print edition urlLink here .

 Money microwaving is the new laundering Next time, make sure you don't mistake your wallet for frozen pizza. The urlLink consequences can be dire.

 English Pie? Schools Minister David Miliband MP (son of the late socialist intellectual Ralph Miliband, though you'd never guess it) wants to introduce urlLink US-style high school proms and graduation ceremonies to English schools. A generation of John Hughes/Molly Ringwald films awaits... Am I the only person who found urlLink Alistair Cooke's Letter from America pompous and boring?

 Watch this space The Daily Mirror launched a 3am Magazine today.

 We're not at home to Mr Cock-Up News reaches me that the urlLink Daily Mirror plan to capitalise on the fame of their urlLink 3am Girls by publishing their own 3am Magazine as of tomorrow. No details yet but our lawyers will be watching the media conglomerate's next move with interest*, given that we've obviously been in existence a tad longer than those interlopers. Here's some other doppelgangers not to be confused with us**: 1) urlLink 3am Software 2) urlLink 3:AM Design 3) urlLink 3AM Productions 4) urlLink 3am Pictures 5) urlLink 3am Recordings * unless jobs or cash settlements are in the pipeline; * unless someone's not telling me something and we actually control some kind of global media empire...

 Happy Whatever, Dr Seuss! Don't get me wrong, I don't mind children, provided they're someone else's and my contact with them is minimal. I think Dr Seuss is a case in point. He's always struck me as one of those things you think kids should like but generally don't. Not the ones I've mentioned him to, anyhow. But it's his urlLink Centennial today so Happy Whatever, Dr Seuss!

 My Lad Mag Hell! OK, that's a bit strong. But were I writing an article on this, perhaps that would make a good title for it. Yesterday, 3AM was invited to watch the Carling (League) Cup Final (Bolton Wanderers v Middlesbrough, as you ask) at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff, with full corporate hospitality and all that entails. Again, I'm over-egging the pudding somewhat as I got the invite courtesy of a journalist friend who works at Front magazine (international readers: this is a competitor title to urlLink Loaded , a more upfront and tawdry version of FHM , Esquire , GQ etc.) For the record, I support no team and show no interest in the game apart from international tournaments or arguments over regional rivalries (which are infinitely more interesting than 22 overpaid men fighting for a ball). The day began by meeting at 7.30am for the transport to the stadium in the function room of a rather opulent London hotel, so I digged into the complimentary croissants and coffee and surveyed around my fellow invited journalists as I waited for my friend to turn up (the cab he'd booked the night before didn't show). I was told to wear smart clothes as the invite warned of no jeans or trainers but compared to the raffish middle class young hacks who staff lads mags these days (neat and sleek haircuts, blue Hugo Boss suits and black loafers, topped off with designer label parkas), I didn't really scrub up in brown cords, black shirt and brown moccasins. The 'luxury coach' was more coach than luxury and the scenery of the M4 hardly provides a distraction on any journey, so sleep was in order. We arrived in Cardiff and parked on the university site. For corporate hospitality, I was rather surprised at how unorganised it all was as we were left to make our way to the stadium flanked by Middlesbrough fans possessing comedy accents and even funnier attire (before the regionalism accusations are made, I grew up just outside the town, I'm allowed to hate it). Having performed a virtual tour of the city centre and the stadium site, exacerbated by stewards and security staff who seemingly knew nothing, we were seated to a three course meal comprising salmon starter, chicken main course and lemon tart dessert, all washed down with copious quantities of free Carling lager (sponsors of the tournament). Why couldn't Stella Artois sponsor it? Carling is revolting. Still, most Boro fans will have had to work extra shifts in their call centres just to be able to be there and drank paid-for Carling out of plastic cups. Once seated for the game, there was all manner of fireworks and the Chairman of the Football League, Sir Brian Mawhinney MP (ex-Tory Health Secretary, for those of you with short memories), shook the players' hands. I don't know much about football, but it was end to end stuff and the result was 2-1 to Middlesbrough at full time. As it's the first cup they've won in 128 years (having played in many cup finals), then all the best to them. Apparently violent crime drops in Middlesbrough when the team perform well, so some student will have been spared a beating last night. The post-match award ceremony for the winners and "gallant finalists" (ie. losers) exposes the cruel differential between the League Cup and the more prestigious FA Cup. FA Cup winners can expect to shake hands with a minor royal whereas yesterday's winners had to make do with the UK Marketing Director of Coors Breweries. In the corporate hospitality suite afterwards, I was asked by all manner of journalists which publication I worked for. I said 3AM . While no one had heard of us, no one seemed to think I didn't belong there once I explained what 3AM was and had given them one of the business cards me and Andrew Gallix had printed up for ourselves. Perhaps next year 3AM will be invited in its own right then, though I'd settle for invites to the Hay and Edinburgh Literary Festivals first, then Cannes. You never know...

 Not too PC Very dark humour: a fat serving of urlLink Bush bashing.

 Move over, Dickie Roberts urlLink Matt Thorne 's Child Star urlLink reviewed in The Guardian this weekend: ""I suppose my story lacks some of the punch of Drew Barrymore's," muses Gerald. He's right there - instead of ET and drugs, Gerald reflects on his appearance in a fleetingly notorious children's soap and mild disappointment. Gerald, having briefly rubbed his nose on fame's sleeve, now teaches in a language school and is dumped by his depressive girlfriend. In alternate chapters he charts his current obscurity and the making of All Right Now. He looks back on fractious workshops with an endlessly pompous dramaturge and on tensions in his home life with a psychopathic kid sister and parents bickering towards separation. As ever, Thorne's deliberately thin-textured prose name-checks fly-by-night movies and albums, but derives an undertow from the sad slide past celebrity. Gerald insists that a celeb-hungry public slavers for stories of fallen idols - "The most entertaining spectacle would be to watch Hollywood stars being beheaded.""

 Miners' Strike 2 Novelist David Peace, also in the subscription-only New Statesman this week, on the folklore of the left. A review of his new novel GB84 (will deals directly with the strike and was reviewed in urlLink The Observer this weekend) will be on the 3AM Reviews section soon. "I was born and raised in Yorkshire. Now I live in a foreign country. In Japan, people do things differently. Japan has no state religion. The traditional culture combines Shinto and Buddhism. Most Japanese homes have butsudans - small Buddhist shrines to dead relatives. Anniversaries are marked on the 49th day and then the first, third and seventh years after death. Families make regular pilgrimages to their ancestors' graves. National holidays are set aside so people can pay their respects. During the summer festival of O-bon, streets are adorned with lanterns so that the dead might find their way home for three days - an occasion to be celebrated, not feared. Three years ago, I could not have told you when my grandparents died. I could not have told you whether they had been buried or cremated. I could not have told you whether there were gravestones or plaques to commemorate their lives or mark their deaths. I could not have told you the names of their parents. Their brothers or sisters. Their jobs. Their hopes. Three years ago, I began to research and write GB84, a novel about the miners' strike of 1984-85. Three years ago, I began to meet the men and women from both sides, read the books and newspapers from both sides. Three years ago I also went with my father and my son to the National Coal Mining Museum for England at Caphouse Colliery, Wakefield. At Caphouse Colliery I found the names of my great-great-uncles on a monument to the 139 miners who died in the Thornhill Colliery disaster of 1893 - I did not know that my great-great-uncles and their father and their sons had been miners. I had forgotten that there had even been a Thornhill pit disaster - or a New Hartley Colliery disaster. An Oaks disaster. A Cadeby Main. A Lofthouse. I had forgotten that men died on the picket lines during the 1984-85 miners' strike. That young boys had died coal-picking. I had forgotten so much; so much that had happened - on my own doorstep, in my own county, in my own country. During the strike, I had been living in Wakefield, West Yorkshire. I had been doing my A-levels at Wakefield District College. I had been singing in a band; I had been having the time of my life. Three years ago, I still remembered odd things about the strike - who wouldn't? The plastic buckets and the pub fights. The yellow "Coal not Dole" stickers and the Redskins. The Wakefield Gala and Orgreave. The kids in my class whose dads were on strike, and how they had crisp sandwiches for lunch - then butter sandwiches, then just bread. How two years after the strike, bailiffs were still taking their furniture away. Yes, I knew there had been violence. Murder even. That there had been mistakes. But I had not known that there had been such sacrifice, such selflessness - that miners in good pits on good money would give up their wages, their savings, even their houses, for men in threatened pits with no future. That these miners and their families would give up all this for other men and their families, people they had never met and never would. That they would organise in order to protect and to fight for the security of another man's job. Defending those jobs, those families, those communities, that culture and that heritage was extended to defending those jobs, those families, those communities, that culture and that heritage against monetarism, deregulation, privatisation, market forces and the trickle down. Sacrifice and selflessness versus brutality and bribery, fear and greed. And we all know who won. And we all know who lost - their jobs, their families, their communities, their culture, their heritage - 150 years of socialist heritage. British heritage, not nostalgia. Not romanticism. A heritage of sacrifice, of selflessness. A sacrifice and a selflessness born out of compassion and empathy - qualities that cannot be bought or stolen from you. That cannot be won on a TV show or found fake, off the back of a lorry, three-for-two or all-you-can-eat. Yes, there was violence in 1984. Yes, there were mistakes. And there is still violence today in 2004. And there are still mistakes - but where is the sacrifice? Where is the selflessness? I can't remember the last thing I gave up. Drink or drugs? Gambling or pornography? God or socialism? The last thing I gave up for someone else? The last time I even thought of someone else? Someone outside of my family? My friends? Someone I had never met? The last time I thought about someone else's job? Their family? The place where they live? The people they live with? Their history? Their hopes? Their fears? Twenty years ago, there was sacrifice. Twenty years ago, there was selflessness. Not in a novel. Not in a film. But in Great Britain. In this country. In 1984 . . . In Great Britain, in 1984, people might have done things differently, but the past is not a foreign country. The people who lived and died there are not strangers. They are our people, us, and it is our country. Then and now, right or wrong. We are shoulder to shoulder."

 Miners' Strike 1 Apologies for the length, but I thought 3AM readers who don't subscribe to the New Statesman , deserved to be able to read Daily Mirror journalist Paul Routledge's excellent commentary on the Miners' Strike of 20 years ago. You can even urlLink buy the t-shirt these days... "The memory of impending doom is as sharp as ever. The scene is the public bar of the Danum Hotel, Doncaster. The date is late October 1984. It is late evening and I am drinking with the lads from Frickley Colliery in Yorkshire. There is an air of subdued elation, because after more than seven hard months of a strike that began in March that year, a whiff of victory is detectable. The pit deputies, whose normal working has undermined the greatest working-class insurrection of modern times, have voted more than four to one to join the strike at last. Without them, the pits cannot operate lawfully, and the Thatcher government's ambition of breaking the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) will be defeated. As labour editor of the Times, I telephoned the news desk at about 10pm to see how the story was playing. It was the front-page splash, but not as I had written it. Why? Because our man in Birmingham had fresh, reliable information. Key members of the National Association of Colliery Overmen, Deputies and Shotfirers (Nacods) executive had gone home from the ballot declaration stating that they would defy the vote and carry on working the Midlands and Nottinghamshire pits. I knew then that it would be simply a matter of time before the miners and their families were crushed. I went back to the bar and, two decades later, I can still remember the song that was playing - "Time After Time" by Cyndi Lauper - as we discussed the prospects. Some miners would not, could not, share my gloomy view. But the deputies did stay at work. Moreover, they signed a deal on pit closures that Arthur Scargill, the NUM leader, rejected with contumely - sealing the fate of the dispute just as surely as the deputies' treachery. The memory of that evening - more than the picketing, the collective hysteria of the Scargill rallies, the close relationships built up during that awful year - remains the most poignant and distressing of all. I cannot bring it back to mind without feeling hatred for the bastards who did these things to our people. I was only an observer, if an interested one. I had not lost my home or my livelihood, as so many of these exhausted men and their families would now do. The Tories and their allies tore through the pit villages like an avenging army, destroying jobs, pits, the union and a way of life that had endured for more than a century. The legacy is still with us. Work is scarce, and it does not command anything like the same money. All too often, it is agency work in warehouses and the like, on short-term contracts, with no union. "You take what you can get, because there's nowt else," is the common refrain. The glue of disciplined work in a dangerous environment has also gone. In its place has come drug addiction on an inner-city scale. South Elmsall village is a typical example. Its former miners at Frickley Colliery prided themselves on being "second to none", because only four out of 1,800 men scabbed. "And they were outsiders," they quickly explain. Now rows of terraced houses near the site of the pit, which would fetch a million pounds in Chelsea, have to be demolished, because they are the killing fields of heroin dealers. A few hundred yards away, "executive" homes are going up, likely to fetch 150,000, and be occupied by commuters from Leeds, Wakefield and Sheffield. The NUM has been a high-profile casualty of the post-strike years. Sundered by a split that led to the breakaway of the Union of Democratic Mineworkers (UDM) and the re-election of Scargill, this once-proud organisation imploded and today resembles an extinct volcano - rugged, scary, but dead. Scargill took over a thriving union with 270,000 members and a bulging bank account. Under his leadership, it contracted to no more than 2,000 paying members. He remains its 1,000-a-month "consultant", with a 60,000-a-year pension. He could not even leave the NUM a presidency; it now has a chairman, like a working men's club committee. The post is held by Ian Lavery, a decent man who has been overwhelmed by events. The four-pit Selby complex closes next month. Hatfield Colliery, sitting on Europe's biggest reserves, shut down in January. Yorkshire will have only three deep mines: Kellingley, Maltby and Rossington, the last redoubts of the NUM. Just three where there were once hundreds. Some spirit survives, like gas venting from the crater floor. Kellingley miners have just voted by nine to one to ban overtime over UK Coal's plans to impose longer shifts and 24-hour working. Then there is the continuing scandal of the mineworkers' pension scheme, set up by the Tories in the aftermath of the strike. The Treasury takes half the annual profits, often amounting to hundreds of millions of pounds, in return for a pledge to maintain the pitifully low level of miners' pensions. Some get 12 a week. Gordon Brown refuses to end this theft of the workers' pennies. Between 1997 and 2001, the Labour vote in Hemsworth - once the party's safest seat in England - fell by 9,000. These were not transferred votes. They simply disappeared. Yes, shipbuilding, heavy engineering, steel, the railways - all got it in the neck in similar fashion. But the miners had a special role in the British understanding of what we are all about. They once numbered a million men, plus women and children. The nation's wealth was built on their backs, on the pit rows with their ash middens - conditions that did not change until municipal socialism, often a distant cousin of big Labour, brought about reform. It is not possible to romanticise about the miners, because their achievement was so real. The others talked. They did it. The council estates of South Yorkshire, Nottinghamshire, Fife, the Welsh valleys and the Midlands are a tribute to their struggle. They put the baths indoors, and they did not put coal in them. What we have lost is not just the NUM's hard hats, with their Labour Party block votes, but also unsung individuals whose daily efforts brought improvements for the people they represented. We shall not see their like again. Who can put his hand on his heart and say that Peter Mandelson is a more important figure than the unknown miner who stood at the gates of hell for a year, living on the charity of fellow trade unionists and the uncertain handouts of a Labour council in fear of voter disapproval? The smirking, smarmy face of new Labour tells us everything we need to know about the political generation that never had to face the great crisis that confronted Neil Kinnock. He was torn between loyalty and expediency. It showed in his face. But at least it showed. With supreme irony, Tony Blair lives in a former mining village in Durham. The daft Spanish name of his house - Mirabella - gives away the dysfunctional relationship he has always had with the miners. He routinely fails to answer invitations to the annual Durham Miners' Gala, held a few miles from his home. He allows his staff at No 10 to denigrate those who fight for higher wages as "Scargillites". There is no greater insult in his (admittedly limited) political vocabulary. This should come as no surprise, since he has never had a proper job, or been on strike, or felt the hot breath of the boss down his neck. Blair has never shown an ounce of understanding for what the men and women - the very men and women who sustained his party in the bleak years of opposition - went through. He thinks bread and dripping is a side order in the nouveau-bourgeois Quality Chop House, a "progressive working-class caterer" in London. Forgive me if I fail to suppress my wrath. It is not invented. It resurfaces at the oddest moments. A few months ago, I was asked to talk to a supper meeting of a Tory club calling itself "The Britons". Norman Tebbit was among the speakers. Somebody mentioned the miners. I got to my feet and said something like: "Call yourselves Britons? Don't you think the miners and their families were Britons? Don't you remember what you people did to them - especially him [Tebbit]?" I could have machine-gunned them, wallowing in their Chateau Whatsit and ignorance. What do they know, for instance, of the work of Father Peter Needham, the Roman Catholic priest parachuted into St Luke's, Grimethorpe, where not only the pit but a coking plant and a power station closed? The village hit rock bottom, with 50 per cent unemployed, and an average wage of 8,000 a year for those "lucky" enough to be in work. Needham, an omnipresence with his dogs Mary and Joseph, fought to rebuild the disintegrating community and his efforts are slowly bearing fruit. "Nobody else from outside seemed to want to help," the former miner Trevor Wassall told a radio programme. On 20 March, the annual David Jones/Joe Green memorial lecture will take place in Barnsley. It commemorates two pitmen who died in the Great Strike. In both cases, on the picket line. No politicians died, only a few reputations. Nor any policemen. This year, inevitably, the ex-pitmen wanted to hear Arthur Scargill. He is still a cult figure in the mining communities. You rubbish him at your peril, not least because so many ex-miners have yet to come to terms with the grief, the horror and the sense of defeat. He is there for the funerals, and other social occasions. Unbelievably for outsiders, he is not criticised for never having been there to negotiate miners' wages, or colliery closures, after the strike was over. Or for pulling out of health and safety forums to pursue a vendetta against the renegade UDM. "Scaggsie is a bastard, but he is our bastard," you will hear. Nobody closes ranks against the outside world like the miners do - to this day. They remember that he was prominent in the 1972 and 1974 strikes - real victories, victories that improved pay and conditions and ultimately brought down the Heath government. It comes as no surprise to hear that former NUM leaders such as Terry Thomas in South Wales do not want to take part in 20th-anniversary media programmes. There is much to think about, not much to celebrate. Those idiot media children who want to exploit an event of which they could have had no contemporary experience, who see the strike as an event to be filmed before they move on to the next fixture in the calendar, should stay out of Pit Row. Those who went through it are the only people who know. I leave to the end the Frickley miner who, when the strike was over and Scargill declared a victory, said: "Well, I lost the car, and my life's savings, and I nearly lost the house. Good job we didn't get beat, isn't it?" In that sentence, you know they never were."

 Whitechapel greasy spoons are alright by us Friend of 3AM Suhkdev Sandhu pens a review of Adrian Maddox's Classic Cafes for the urlLink New Statesman (subscription-only), which is reproduced here: "The other day, I was in Katz's Deli on Manhattan's Lower East Side. It's one of the best-known diners in the city. As one of the few surviving Jewish eateries in an area that was once packed with them, it acts as a magnet for heritage-seekers. The walls are lined with photos - of mayors, baseball stars, Bill Clinton. It was here that Meg Ryan faked an orgasm in When Harry Met Sally. And it was here that I came across Sara Cox of BBC Radio 1 broadcasting her show live to the UK. As I tucked into my spinach knish and listened to her whoop and big up the place, I tried to imagine the DJ doing an open broadcast from a greasy spoon down Whitechapel Road. Few people these days champion English cafes. They conjure up images of cracked mugs and failure, sausages with the tex-ture of sodden bath rugs, bacon bubbling like offshore oil slicks. Raymond Blanc has argued that the British hate food because "you think it's fantastic to go into some revolting cafe and eat something disgusting to endorse your working-class status". However, increasingly, these cafes are closing down and being replaced by brasseries and identikit coffee houses owned by American chains. Adrian Maddox, the author of Classic Cafes, sees this creeping homogeneity as a quiet tragedy. He has produced a thinking person's coffee-table book, packed with atmospheric photographs by Phil Nicholls. Starting from the premise that "a proper classic cafe needs to have been left well alone for the past 50 years or so to facilitate that signature feeling of crushed romance and brief escape", he evokes a fading world of Pyrex cup'n'saucer sets, vinyl-topped tables, Gaggia machines, Vitrolite ceilings. There was a time when Formica cafes represented a future as glinting and accelerated as the Skylon. They were sleek and Euro-glam, an escape from drab, austere England. They were also an antidote to old-fashioned tearooms with their prim waitresses and polite sandwiches. Their interiors sparkled with design motifs such as starbursts, sputniks and boomerangs, conveying the impression of "energy caught in the act of explosive release, like a coruscating diamond". No wonder they attracted bored, insurgent teenagers, many of whom cultivated identities based on cultural interests rather than class: skiffle, jazz, mod, rock'n'roll. They cropped up repeatedly in pulp cinema of the period - The Golden Disc (1958), Serious Charge (1959), She Knows, Y'Know (1961) - and attracted the invective of such commentators as Richard Hoggart, who saw espresso bars as "spiritual dry-rot amid the odour of boiled milk". The coffee houses of the 17th and 18th centuries had been hubs for doctors and commodity brokers, hang-outs for that merchant class which profited from the empire, "penny universities" whose customers were at the centre of the English Enlightenment. Maddox makes the case for seeing the cafes of the 1950s and 1960s as salons for a new, de-industrialised, post-imperial Britain, catering - literally - for artists, designers, the tribes of urban pop culture. Quoting such loafers and bohos as Frank Norman, John Bratby and B S Johnson, he views these cafes not as places where ideas were hatched, but as hallowed zones in which the dynamics and cross-currents of city life could be tapped into. Wandering through the side streets of London, hunting for cafes that have resisted sunny-side-up gentrification, he recalls the "third place" philosophy of Ray Oldenburg, a thinker who championed neutral areas between home and work, "restorative oases" that are private yet social, discreet yet visible. He cites the psychogeographers Iain Sinclair, Stewart Home and David Seabrook, who have discussed the importance of cafes for modern-day schemers and dreamers, those who still believe there's a space for urban drifting in an increasingly airbrushed, global metropolis. By default, Maddox has written a history of immigrant labour. Many of the cafes he praises were family businesses opened and staffed by Italians. The second or third generation's reluctance to work long hours means that few survive. Yet new cafes, shabbier perhaps, open all the time. On the edges of London, in those neighbourhoods not yet wholly colonised by shaggy-haired hipsters, cafes run by recently arrived Turks, Ethiopians and Lithuanians are continually springing up. Here, the poor and the friendless come to swap gossip, find out about odd jobs, talk of politics back home, plot some dodgy scam, feel less lonely. Maybe, one day, some of these will be held up as classic cafes, too."

 3AM Good Sex Prize As promised previously, a shortlist of readers' nominations for the inaugural 3AM Good Sex Prize has been compiled for judging, with nominations now closed. Here's what was nominated: Frederic Beigbeder, 6.99 , Picador, July 2003 Stewart Home, Down and Out in Shoreditch and Hoxton , The Do-Not-Press, February 2004 Michel Houellebecq, Lanzarote , Heinemann, July 2003 Mounsi, The Demented Dance , Black Amber, July 2003 Ben Myers, The Book of Fuck , Wrecking Ball Press, February 2004 Adam Thirlwell, Politics , Jonathan Cape, August 2003 Helen Walsh, Brass , Canongate, March 2004 Tony White, Foxy-T , Faber and Faber, July 2003 As I won't be playing any part in the judging process, I can confirm that I nominated Mounsi's The Demented Dance and that one author nominated themselves while another was nominated by their publishers. Obviously I'm not going to say who on either account.

 Paperback Blogger The Guardian 's urlLink 'Online' section (the worst and most-neglected part of their website, ironically) features an article by urlLink Andrew Losowsky on urlLink innovations in e-2-ink publishing : As it once did with the web, the sheer quantity of words available makes blogs seem best placed to revolutionise print publishing as well. Though, as Keiger points out, that may not always be a good thing for the readers. "Ninety-nine percent of blogs are bloody awful," he says. "Most of the books published this way will be of utterly no merit. But what the hell, if someone wants to cobble together entries and have them published on demand, where's the harm?" Andrew Losowsky? I thought. Sounds a bit like urlLink Andrew Orlowski to me. But no, his story checks out -- I checked google and he has urlLink more sites to urlLink his name than Imelda Marcos owned shoes it seems. Which is also ironic given Andrew Orlowski 's urlLink much-reported (in the blogosphere) disdain for google. OK, I know this has been discussed a lot elsewhere (note my casual, rather than affectational as Stuart Marconie would say, disdain for serial blogging -- in the same way that the House of Commons refers to debates in the House of Lords as happening 'in another place') but Andrew Orlowski (not Losowsky, note) is the boyfriend of urlLink Sarah Champion , who was branded a psuedonymous-blogger of some repute, but actually wasn't. I think. I don't know. But it does bring things rather full circle I find. I wish I had a name like Andrew Orlowski or Andrew Losowsky, rather than plain old regular Andrew Stevens. If you google me you get 8 million different Andrew Stevens', which is ironic given that our surname was once (reputedly) Stevanovski. 'Andrew Stevanovski' -- has a nice ring to it but, come May 1st, I might get mistaken for one of those Polish economic migrants that Tony Blair and the Daily Mail get worked up about. I can just see the scenes at Heathrow Airport -- "Honest, I work for The Guardian, I write pieces about weblogging and that! What are you putting those gloves on for?" Nope, it's a really bad idea. Anyhow, blog-publishing on demand, the mind does boggle as to who would part with hard-earned cash to read something they could just skim through online. urlLink Salam Pax was something of an exception, given that 99.9% of Western bloggers would have been preoccupied with survival if faced with his predicament a year or so ago, that man deserved a book deal. But urlLink The Thoughts of Hak Mao ? A book deal of her own for the urlLink Bookslut to discuss? Forgive me as I stroke my chin quizically, but I don't know if that will have the boards of HarperCollins or Jonathan Cape standing on the 13th floor ledge with the wind billowing against their faces as they contemplate suicide in face of dwindling profits. When Dave Eggers and Zadie Smith acquire blogging personas, I'll sit up and take notice. Until then, the world will continue to be divided into two sorts of people -- those get paid to write about people blogging and those who don't. They don't call them the urlLink blogeoisie for nothing, you know.

 Orange not so in order The shortlist urlLink here , urlLink here and urlLink here . But the question remains -- why do we need a women-only literary prize? Do the organisers think women face undue competition from male authors? Or does the publishing industry just relish more free advertising?

 Last Exit Eric Homberger's urlLink obituary to Hubert Selby Jr , who died on Monday: "Though, in later years, the literary world grew somewhat blas at a constant diet of rapes, violence, urban gangs and sexual obsession, Selby could at least claim that he had been present at the creation of the literary sensibility that defined the age, and that his book became a landmark in British law." I was always a fan of his spoken word work but it was Last Exit to Brooklyn that had a profound effect on me, growing up. Its raw and delicate discussion of issues I'd never really come across in literature before switched me on to other great American writers and, as they say, I never looked back. It's fucking typical of this country that they'd try to ban it.

