 Dude, CAhlen, when I just now read the post about the snow it reminded me of when the dude in American Beauty was like, it was just me and the bag dancing, and that just cracked me up, you complete me:)

 And now for greatest Anime... Blood, the last Vampire Ghost in the Shell Record of Lodoss War Akira Cowboy Bebop Series Ninja Scroll I think that's it for best one's so far

 Well, it's been about a week since Cliff left for spain:( I want him to come home and play with us, but I hope he's having fun. And now Marc leaves in like 3 weeks for Australia:( On the upside, I have music to listen to today. I got a bunch of MP3's copied onto a CD before I left this morning, so I have the new Cake, Alien Ant Farm, some Green Day and Dynamite Hack. It's so nice to not have to listen to this game:) Also, the more I read of "Youth in Revolt" the more I like it. Dej- do you have this alleged "Last Unicorn"? I would like to read it. :)

 What do you think about as you drift off to sleep? Usually, I'm just like going over stuff in my mind and then I can't even remember it the next day. Sometime's I contemplate life and other times I just appreciate the people in my life. But then I just lie awake for hours:) You know, I think the best thing in life is friends and family(aka relationships):) Check you guys later, and cahlen, enjoy your sleep...

 timmah

 Blog fog dog smog hog bog Ti tay ta to we way wi wo i so tired, help... me........ fe fi fo fum I smell the blood of an englishman

 "TIMMAY!!!" - Timmy

 "SHHH!!!" - Stan

 "timmah...." - Timmy

 "To travel is to discover that everyone is wrong about other countries." - Alduous Huxley

 "Love is being stupid together." - Paul Valery (1871 - 1945)

 "The fool doth think he is wise, while the wise man knows himself a fool." - William Shakespeare

 "If it's tourist season, why can't we shoot them?" - Seen on A Bumper Sticker

 "Ask yourself whether you are happy, and you cease to be so." - John Stuart Mill (1806 - 1873)

 "There are no facts, only interpretations." - Friedrich Nietzsche

 I suppose it's all just different ways of looking at the same thing. I suppose I'm a romantic. All I really think we can do is keep our minds open. What would it be like to be deaf, blind, and couldn't taste, smell, or feel? Hey Mark, I waiting to get blown away (at how easy you are to beat at Rune... MWA hAHAHAHAHAH)

 So, I guess my point was, I can talk until I'm blue in the face about nothing, I just don't see the point, but I'll indulge you... So, we can't really tell if we're real or not, Suppose we're a computer program, God know's we're running simulations of our earth on some super computer right now. It has these scripts(people) and they come together and make a blank script, then they add there parts to the new script(babies) then these scripts grow and learn and question, then commune with other scripts. The program runs, the scripts don't know any different, they're all living in their world. Perhaps there used to be users that interacted with the program(the greek gods?) Perhaps the last user to interact with our particular program(They have lots going of course) was Jesus Christ of Nazareth. Suppose there's other users that decided to stay in the program but just be watchers that jump in occasionally(angels and demons if you will). It's an idea. But the point is, we can never know. It's kinda what the matrix was getting at, but I don't think that we exist outside the computer. God could be the programmer. I don't know, and Cahlen doesn't either. But the thing is Cahlen will talk about it, and I just keep it on the inside and ponder it while driving places. Dejah, I do want to congratulate you on speaking your mind:) I hope you know Cahlen and I laugh at half the shit he says on here. In case you were wondering, Cahlen and I are still on speaking terms.

 I know I'm full of shit, but do we really have to dwell on what we don't know?

 I've never seen the world more beautiful than when it was covered in snow, glowing like the heavens beneath the shining moon. When the snow comes down it makes no sound but the sound of an angel's sighing. Can you say this isn't real? It's not a dream that I'm seeing here. It would be a dream if I could live inside that moment, and run along side the shining unicorn. But instead I watch as the sun melts her color into green. -thoris

 Can you guess the time of dawning strike cover your ears or you might miss your last chance to forget

 Cahlen, can I say that you amaze me? What you said wasn't a "long psychotic rant." At least, I understood what you were trying to say. Maybe that's because we're related.... Tim on the other hand is so concerned with "bullshit" that he can't see past the end of his nose. All I can say to you right now buddy is... GET A LIFE! You're the one who's full of shit. Just because you're pissed that your life isn't the way that you once thought it should be.

 Yeah, that all sounds a lot worse than I meant it too sound (not the ariel thing, the long psychotic rant. I would never give a disclaimer about ariel. She's hot.)

 Favorite Movie of all time: Little Mermaid: Ariel is hot

 No deep throught right now. When I write them it will rock your world. Fav movies of all time: Simon Birch: makes me cry like a little girl Die Hards (yipee cayay mother fucker) Tommy Boy: Fat guy in a little coat and a skinny dude saving the factory Lethal Weapons: Rene Russo is a little hotty Matrix: Keannu is really emerging as a great actor....wow Meet the Parents: Pamela Martha Focker

 Dude, it's best movies: best anime comes later this week, cause I couldn't get it all on there if I had movies and anime mixed. and dude, you're freakin:)

 I know I contradicted myself , but I meant something different. You had said that we will make our own problems in the sense that we consiously go out and find them, like drugs. But now I don't really think you were saying that, but I just wanted to make the point that it's an unconcious thing. Which is what you meant. So I was being redundant. Hey give me a break. It was 4:30 in the freakin morning. Dej, when you mentioned that moment at Friday Harbor that is what I think it is all about. I had a similar moment last winter. Everyone was asleep in the house and I went outside and the moon was out and it lit up the snow. It was quiet and untouched and I thought I wish I was apart of that. I would want nothing else just to be a part of it. I thought, if there is a God, THIS is God. And if this is God then everything is God. It was just in this one moment that I was able to see that. But that doesn't means that's the way all the time. i just don't realize because I'm caught up in everything else which distracts me. It's like we're in a dream all the time and when we look back we feel like we've missed something, and I think we have. There is beauty in everything and we take it all for granted. And that's just the way our brain works. It gathers information and catalogues it away for quick reference to quicken the analyzing process. For example, a tree. You see a tree and you think tree. Really not a whole lot else unless you need more info. Yet everything we see is infinitly complicated and we miss it. That rock and that harbor will be there when your off running around, it'll be there when you are dead. It's beauty will remain no matter what happens in your life. Whether you lead a "good" or "bad" life. Do you think it really matters? That beauty is always there in everything, and the only thing I want out of life is to be apart of that. I want to wake up from this dream live in that moment all the time. I believe that its possible. Do you know what sin really means? It means to miss the point, that's what it originally meant. When Jesus says he's son of God, I think he means we all are. I don;t think he was any different than us other than he saw the world the way it is. Tim, I think that in society there is a point worrying. It gets things done and it's a trait that just got us this high up in evolution. If you have one person who sits back and gets only the necessities accomplished and someone who goes for the gusto all the time well he's gonna be the one who's gonna pass on his genes. We find a point to something and are motivated to get there. But I think that's just a tool and we can't really use it to answer the meaning of life. Why does there need to be a meaning? And what if it is someone's dream? We can't and won't know any better, and even if we did what could we do about it? Would it really changed how you live your life? Dude, you forgot Blood the Last Vampire on the best movies of all time list...

 All in all though, I'd prefer to just live in the moment.

 Best Movies of all time(in no particular order): Fight Club Snatch American Beauty Moulin Rouge American History X Usual Suspects Momento

 Bullshit, the thing is we never know shit, we don't know if we really exist so contemplating death doesn't even make sense. This is the thing I love, you can't know anything for certain. For all we know, we could be in someone's(God's) dream. He/She wakes up some day, our existence is totally annihilated, the point is you don't know. You can't know whether or not you're doing anything, a butterfly in brazil triggers a rainstorm in Norway, it's all bullshit. Rock's shit, death is the end? Nihlist? We believe in nothing. Cahlen, you're so full of shit, I can't even look at you. This'll be a point where we have to just respect each other's opinion and not force our beliefs on one another:) As far as making your own problems, you said yourself you do, in the sentence after you said you didn't. Worrying about what other people think is bullshit, yet, if you worry about that, you are creating that problem. It has nothing to do with the outside world. It's us, fucking up our own lives. ARGH! Oh well, check out these blogs I found today, I think they kick ass! Sunday Hero Prostitute Laundry

 Everyone should read Peter Beagle's "The Last Unicorn." Everyone. Do you hear me? It is the greatest fairy tale ever written.... yes, even more than LoR. LoR was long. And dark... they were walking and they were tired, afraid, thirsty, depressed. Did I say that it was dark? Oh, and they were thirsty too, and tired of eating Lembas. but it never ran out so they had to keep eating it. That sucks. They could have started eating the grass. Grass is could for you. Just like sourcraut. Is that how you spell it? Well... ITS GOOD FOR YOU! Don't ever let your mom feed it to you for breakfast. It's gold today shiver me timbers throw out the red garnett and wash your hands of everything you ever believed in -thoris

 Cahlen, what are you doing up so early? Or should I say.... late? I agree with you on the whole rock falling off a cliff thing. Sometimes I wonder what the point of everything is and if going to college and getting good grades really will matter in the long run. Well, I don't know whether that kind of stuff is important or not. But I do know that despite all the dumb things we do to make ourselves feel like we're doing something special- getting a job, going to school, etc- there are moments in between that make it all worth it. Yesterday I was sitting on a rock on the shore at Friday harbor labs watching the boats go in and out... watching the waves and the sunlight as it glittered and sparkled across the tremulous blue. There was the wind, the sun, the rock, and myself. In that moment, the only thing that mattered was that I was there. And all the work that I've done to get to that spot made it all worth it.

 mmmm... I'll write more later....

 Please note the time of these entry's... Wow

 I just remembered a great line from Fight Club. "Fuck Martha Stewart. She's polishing the brass on the Titanic. It's all going down man." (sorry if the quote isn't completely acurate)

 Brown cow ice Cream... never had any of that stuff. Probably pretty good. It's those weird named things that always taste good. I don't think you can really say that someone "makes" their own problems. I think that whatever situation you are in your mind tries to create an equalibriem. So if you are very well off then things that I would never cross the mind of someone less well-off as being a problem become more prominent. An example: Someone simply disagreeing with anything I said would really ruin my day. I would blow it up into something huge. While people who might be going through a bankruptcy wouldn't really worry about that kind of thing. they've got other problems. It's almost like their "worry quota" was filled. So I think my point is if one minute you worry about something then something bigger comes up you forget about the previous. You don't even give a second thought to it anymore. And when you're not worrying about these things they still work themselves out without a second thought on your part. There can always be something bigger to worry about so why worry about anything if it can be deemed inconsequential by something else. Anyway, though worrying is pointless i think the mind needs something negative to meditate on. Even in the best situation it's gonna find something. And now for something completely different: I really hate writing about serious stuff. We take ourselves too seriously. If you take a step back and watch we're really pretty hilarious. An observation a co-worker made, "We're just a bunch of monkeys wearing clothes." He was on shrooms at the time... We just run around thinking we're accomplishing something. Is there really anything we can accomplish? It's a road going nowhere. We think, oh it's coming. If I just work a little harder. Get through grade school. It's coming! What do i do now? Well High School. Ok, and now? College. Got it, now what? Get a job. Sweet. What next? Get married, have a family. One day you're gonna realize "Wow, I'm there..." and you're gonna feel the same way you always have. I think it's quite obvious there isn't a point to anything we do. So we try to make a point and maybe it'll get us somewhere. Really it gets us nowhere, there's nowhere to go. Religion is the funniest thing when you think about it. It's just us trying convince ourselves there's a purpose to us being here. Why does there need to be a purpose? We think we're different than everything else in the world. So we're farther up the evolutionary ladder, so what? Face it, you're gonna die why is that so scary? I was listening to an Alan Watts lecture a few days ago and he said something that I think really sums it up. He said it's like the moment we were born we were pushed off a cliff. So you're falling and it's obvious you're not gonna make it. There's a rock falling right next to you and you cling to it for dear life. Well the rocks not gonna do you any good, so just sit back, relax, and enjoy the ride. So maybe that wasn't something completely different, here ya go: I'm a lumberjack and I'm ok...

 Had some Brown Cow Ice cream tonight, from the Tillamook Cheese Factory.... mmmmmMMMMmmmmm, that's stuff's tasty:) Also, I think I'd sell some of the cheese for to make some money, but then I'd eat alot of it too, Cahlen. I think you have a point, problems are usually replaced by other problems, like if someone has a perfect life, they make their own problems("drugs, sex, & rock&Roll) I dunno, too much deep thought:) I gotta go to bed... Catch you on the flip side

 Enjoy the silence? I got money to burn, I want to burn it on you, we got one short life, I want to spend it with you... ("Richard Ashcroft") In the immortal words of Bob or Doug McKenzie("I can't remember which is which, but it's the one played by Dave Thomas")... "I'm taking you to the looney bin, then I'm going to the brewery, Eh?" All in all, I think this life we live, isn't really predestined... Anyway, I found this poem today over at urlLink Hangingon.org . and I thought it was really cool, so I thought I'd share it: Sex Without Love by Sharon Olds How do they do it, the ones who make love without love? Beautiful as dancers, gliding over each other like ice-skaters over the ice, fingers hooked inside each other's bodies, faces red as steak, wine, wet as the children at birth whose mothers are going to give them away. How do they come to the come to the come to the God come to the still waters, and not love the one who came there with them, light rising slowly as steam off their joined skin? These are the true religious, the purists, the pros, the ones who will not accept a false Messiah, love the priest instead of the God. They do not mistake the lover for their own pleasure, they are like great runners: they know they are alone with the road surface, the cold, the wind, the fit of their shoes, their over-all cardio- vascular health -- just factors, like the partner in the bed, and not the truth, which is the single body alone in the universe against its own best time. Cahlen, that one's for you big guy, I hope you're having fun at work:)

 So yeah, sup doggs... I finally got the LP's. Freakin A. Yeah Dej, whenever you come home you can head over here and listen to them before I wear them out. Anime is cool. That vampire one was especially cool. Those blood-sucking-demon-red-eye-people-who-can-fly-only-after-a-brief-transformation-which-looks-really-painful-only-to-get-chopped-by-a-scary/cool-vampire-girl are awesome. I wish I had seen the whole thing. Anime women are the best. Anyway... So here is my deep thought of the day: If you could own a cheese factory would you keep it all for yourself? Hmmm... And now the real deep thought of the day: Seems to me that no matter what there are times when we are happy and times when we aren't. No matter what is going on outside my head all emotions really seem to balance themselves out meaning I think I get a pretty good balance of "good" and "bad". So if I was rich and had everything I wanted I don't think it'd be all that different. When people are sad all the time we call it depression, an unhealthy state. Would it be true to say that constant happiness is also an unhealthy state? Besides, would we really know we were happy if we were never sad? Ok, enough with the seriousness. WHOO HOO YIPPEE AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH HAHAHA WHOO WHOO WHOO YE HA HA!!!!!!!!!!

 Life is just like the beach: lottsa hot girls that you're too nervous to talk to:)

 My Ode to Pepsi: Oh Pepsi, My brown sugar, My sweet love, you are my upper when I am sleepy, you are the candy of my body, you are my sugar high

 GooooooooooOOOoooood Morning:) I'm feeling really good today:) I LOVE free pop. That'll be the problem with my weight, all this free pop:) After winning 2 games of racquetball last night, I'm feeling great. Once, there was a guy with a bucket on his head, He'd walk around and walk into everything, and then one day he got a car and drove around with a bucket on his head. The end (I've always had problems ending stories:) Time to play video games

 So, concerning the whole frick frock issue, no comment. I just saw this movie called "Blood The last Vampire", which was soooooooo AWESOME. I loved it:) I highly recommend everyone see this anime. two thumbs up:) I LOVE anime. Also, I ordered some Jewel Vinyl today. I think I figured out my birthday present request. I'm gonna ask for a record player:) I hope you are all having a wonderful day, and I'm going to bed.

 Nevermind. I don't have a car.

 Dude. Where's my car?

 Wow. Four in a row. The boss is on a role. Cahlen was Captain once upon a time. And Zorf too. He was a great Zorf. I was once his Crewmemeber. But most of all, I was Zot. The wicked, the lovely, the master of sneaky-ness. It was fun to be vaporized, but only by Zorf, and never by myself. Could never vaporize myself. So I revaporized the Captain. Because I didn't want to vaporize myself. And I hate big butterflies with fangs because I'm too short to reach the button. This all makes sense in some other life.... At least one person understands.

 Concerning the 8/25 entry "I think Cahlen should have said Fuck when he said Frick in the last rant." WHY!!!!??? Just because you feel comfortable saying it and think everyone else should just say it too instead of saying things like "Frick and Frock." Maybe that's what Cahlen really meant. Frick. Frock. Not Fuck.

 Yeah Tim, you complain too much. It's okay to get upset about things, but hey, when it's all you write about, it gets old after a while. Chill out. ;)

 timmay timmay timmay! There once was an old lady who swallowed a fly. I don't know why she swallowed a fly. Perhaps she'll die. Or have an upset stomach. At the very least, she'll feel a little queasy.

 Hey Cahlen! That's a pretty cool dream you had there. Too bad you had to wake up. Guess I'll have to come over to your place and listen to your turntable Gordon Lightfoot LP's. What is it about Gordy? He's the man. My roommate doesn't like him. I can forgive her for that. Maybe. So once I had a dream that I was this dragon. The king and his daughter were riding out from his castle into the snowy forest, but he didn't know that he was in danger. I knew, but I was trapped in the dungeon with the king's son. We had been captured and chained to the walls. The king and the princess were captured by the evil men, and the princess was dropped into the lake with a ball and chain. Somehow, I broke my chains, and crashed through the glass wall of the dungeon that overlooked the lake. I dove in after the princess.... I can't remember if I ever came out.

 I just realized that it sounds like I'm complaining a lot on here. Which really isn't my point. Weird, well, anyway, I had some free time today so I bought some movies and a couple of records. I'm soooooooooooo excited. I got some Anime and Forest Gump. So, I've been having Anime cravings recently. Some people don't understand Anime I guess, but somehow it just makes sense to me. I LOVE Anime. Also, I think I have one of the best jobs in the world. Play video games then tell the dev's how to make it more fun:) Well, lunch is almost over, I hope you are having a great day:)

 And another thing, it seems no matter who's week it is to take out the garbage, no matter how many times I remind them, it's always up to me. Not that I expect anything much, I just wish it wasn't always my turn:) It's especially funny cause the guy who's turn it was to do dishes this week, waited until last night to start them up. (*The thing you have to realize for our house is like 2 people eat 3 meals there a day. Thus causing about 10 dirty dishes a day, minimum.which makes doind dishes a daily need.*) I just laugh cause of how no one talked to him about it:) Also, I don't eat food prepared at home, so I never have any dishes so it wasn't a big deal for me, besides it looking like shit. anyway, hope everyone is well, and I'll check you later...

 So, one thing some of my friends don't understand is how I can read like on vacation or something. Like take for instance when I was in Greece by myself for about a week. Basically, I read the whole week long, got through almost all the way through "Lord of the Rings". But I think it's weird that I read a lot and don't have a HUGE sex drive. Although, I am 23 and I guess I have passed my sexual peak, biologically speaking. Don't get me wrong, I want to have sex. I want someone to return the ball. Love: physical or mental? This is the problem, usually people who are physically attractive aren't the brightest. Although, one of the things I love about being a guy, is we usually get better with age. Not that I don't think girls get worse, it's just that women usually find older men attractive. It's weird, I think I'd always want to be mentally attracted to a person. Although, the physical attraction, usually overpowers any mental attraction (at least as far as I can tell). Isn't it weird how we all find the same people attractive? It's the whole, diamond in the rough thing. Finding the one that others have been looking over, cause they don't find them so attractive as say, ricky Martin or Elizabeth Shue. Finding the diamond, that's what it's about

 So, we just got finished watching one of the greatest films ever made... "Empire Records" It's one of my favorite movies since I first watched it back in like 95. Anyway, I highly suggest seeing it, if you haven't. It was Cahlen's first time, kinda. He'd seen the end b4. I so want money to spend, but I don't have any cause of bills and the shitty economy:( C'est la vie... You ever notice how we are never quiet anymore? Like, I can't remember the time I went outside and looked at the night sky. Also, I'm used to way more personal time, and I never get it (*one of the funny things living with 4 other guys*). But besides that, it's weird with the whole, personal time vs. lonely time, cause when you get personal time one can sometimes feel lonely. But other times, you're like, I just want to be alone. 1 of the things I've learned to do, is always have stuff for personal stuff time. Like I now have about 5 books that I have lined up to read. Now, I just need the vacation time to read them all.

 Hip Hip... On an Island in the Sun, having some fun, I feel fine, I can't control my brain. Hip Hip....

 So it turns out I've been combing my hair backwards for as long as I can remember. See the dealio is this, I was combing my hair in the mirror, and in the mirror everything is backwards. Thus when I was combing my hair to look normal, I was actually combing it backwards. This is really hard to deal with, considering I've been doing it since I was like 8 or whatever age it is one starts combing one's hair. hmm... Cahlen was dropped on his head.... that explains a lot of things:) well, now it's time to play video games, I mean work:)

 So a little more dissemination of information... here's the dealio, I think. First you're born and everyone loves you, then you learn that everyone doesn't love you later. Then you deal with that, and how you deal with that is how you turn out. But really that's just bullshit too, cause you react to everything in a certain way, and that's just one thing you're reacting to. If I had to choose between knowing everything and knowing nothing, I would most undoubtedly choose to know nothing. A common dillemma has hit our house, we're out of TP. It's not a big problem, but it means I have to go to Costco, and I can't go to costco until people pay me for bills, which is basically like pulling teeth. Not you Cahlen, the other people in the house:) (and by other people I don't mean kevin or cliff) We watched "Cowboy Bebop" Disk 1 tonight, which was way fun. I highly recommend the entire 6 disk series of which I only have disk 1 and 5. Sorry for the depressing poem earlier, I just had to get it out. The truth of the matter is this, I really do know nothing, but at least I have a good idea:) I love that I have no idea whether or not anyone is actually reading this thing. This way I can write whatever is on my mind and it'd just there in black and white for all to see, if they wanna look. g'night

 I was dropped on my head? hehe......cool...... Hey Dej, I bought a turntable. I also bought 13 Gordon Lightfoot LP's (records). Sweet eh? So I had a dream. It was pretty cool. I got this box in the mail. It was a long box. I thought, "Hmmm, maybe there is some Gordon Lightfoot LP's in here." I thought that mostly because I had bought some. I opened the box and there were some Gordon Lightfoot LP's. I was happy. So I played them with the syringe needle. Hey, I'm sure it works as good as any other needle plus come one, it's a freakin dream. Yeah and they played music. I woke up and I was happy. Then when I actually came to, you know it takes about 30 min before you say hey that wasn't real, then I wan't happy anymore. I wrote an email. I was mad. They said they sent them though. Then I thought, I had them when I was sleeping, and now I have to wait. Frick. I'm going back to bed.

 and now a much lighter poem: An Ode to Brak: I love you baby- duh duh duh- So I bit him- I think I just went to sleep and woke up stupid- Minkey boodle- pupupu platter- I told you never trust a monkey- Hi everyone I'm blip, eep eep eep eep do you wanna blow up? Better watch a cartoon Who let a fluffy? Whoa, what died in here? The end

 And now a poem by yours truly... At night, can you hear me cry? Can you see the pain? God weeps, for the hell we make and the hell we live, This silence overwhelms me, coming from my soul, A cry, dear God, can you hear me? The servant that cannot live without you, I feel so alone, will you not comfort me, like you did so long ago? GOD!!! I'm here, what is it that you want from me? All the bullshit I see, this can't be what was intended.... can you hear my silent screams, though they never come?

 Is Cahlen really a crack baby? I don't know, I think he's just creative. One time we sang this song about his headgear: I have to wear my stupid headgear he has to wear his stupid headgear I have to wear my stupid headgear he has to wear his stupid headgear all day headgear Maybe it's because I grew up with him, but I appreciate his weird sense of humor. Oh yeah, and he was dropped on his head when he was a baby. He fell off the changing table when mom wasn't looking.

 So, my love life... I can recall at one point in my life, when I liked a girl and she liked me back, maybe 2, but 1 is confirmed. Now the problem is this, as soon as I think a girl could possibly like me, I just freak out. I'll be like, "no, you can't like me", which is just stupid. I really have no idea why I force people that might be attracted to me away. It's really the stupedest thing I do. The other thing I do is tell the truth, pretty much unconditionally, which causes people to get hurt. It's just all the Bullshit, it's a drag, you know? Then these girls that I could like, are like totally scared that I might like them. Which I don't understand. It's not like I'm really a scary guy. At least I don't think I am. Maybe, it's that I don't stand out, but then I do have blue hair, maybe it's cause I'm more plump than the next guy. Really though, are we supposed to change for the ladies? or are we just supposed to find one that we're compatible with? I know this for certain, "All women are crazy", and "All men are crazy", it's just finding the craziness that fits together is key. It's finding the someone with the same kind or balancing craziness that's the trouble.

 So, I went to urlLink Michael's Toyota this morning to see if I could maybe get a corolla with less payments. That way I'd still have a nice car but my payments would be less a month. Actually, I was trying to decide between a Corolla and an Echo, but after test driving them, I decided on the Corolla. Anyway, so we sit down to go over financials and the dude is like, I'l be right back. And I'm like, cool, cause the corollas are having a special 4.9% APR for a 60 mo loan. So, I'm like "Kick Ass".... About 20 minutes later (mind you all I had to keep me entertained is my cell phone with snake on it.), he comes back with his manager. The manager goes into this little speel... "Today, we can get you in a 2001 Tundra, and at 60 mos, you'll pay 505/month, plus we need a down payment of $1200"... or translated... (*We don't think you're serious so please leave our store*) Assholes. Anyway, I hope everyone is enjoying my postings, I know I am:)

 OK, can I just say right now that Cahlen is a bit of a crack baby?

 Whoa whoa whoa I'm sitting in a chair Doo Doo Doo I'll never lose my hair Yay Yay Yay I like the smell of pear Yip Yip yip Man, I'm bored...

 So, maybe a little disclaimer... These rants and raves by the peoples that I know... They are opinions and are not to be taken as the whole Truth and nothing but the Truth... So perhaps a little "Beliefs" section by your's truly... So here are my beliefs, feel free to write, I don't bite (*too hard*) I believe myself to be christian, probably in the most liberal sense of the word. I do miss ignorance, but am happily living my hetero single lifestyle. I love in your face statements that'll probably piss people off, cause no matter how true they might be, our society has told us another way. (*example: evolution, we see it everywhere, yet most christians still believe in creation.*) I do dislike some christian pastors, I feel sorry for them really, cause if you want a big congregation you have to speak to the lowest denominator. The problem with this is you don't have a chance to learn much from each sermon and then they ask you for money. I guess it's just this, I like my friends. I don't think people should judge me as a sinner for saying fuck, or shit, or asshole, or flipping someone off. None of us is better than the other. Isn't that what Christ told us? But then, I feel like I'm a reverse person where I judge people for not saying fuck or shit or asshole. When really, I'm fine if people don't want to say those words, but I don't think they should take offense to shit coming out of my mouth. I think I'm very open minded. (*too open minded?*) Anyway, I love meeting new people, even if my Schizotypal self isn't:) Well, I gotta go...

 I think Cahlen should have said Fuck when he said Frick in the last rant

 I like El Camino's. Cliff is gone to Spain. Dejah is my sister. I want to go to Wyoming. Tim has blue hair. I think I'm starting to like it. I used to be the Captain. I used to be Zorf. But I can't do it anymore. My voice changed. My youth is lost. I have a 929. Where are my Gordon Lightfoot LP's? Frick! I payed for them last week. Argh! What's the use of having a turntable. I have tickets. American Pie 2 is funny. I'm going back to SPU. I think. Jebe is far away. I wear pajamas to work. Jeff is a cop. I used to play the oboe. Why do I have to look at my life as a timeline I need to plan to fill? Why should I care what happens tomorrow? Frick. Frock. Uncle Toad said you better straighten up right. It'd be nice to have money. I think I'm gonna become a nomad. Don't beat me down.

 How's it going. Tim made me do this. Excuse me, are we having a party!!!

 Sup

 I just want to give a shout out to Dejah and Cliff for signing up to post on here. I'd also like to suggest that Cahlen get his ass in gear

 I guess if there's anything that best discribes oneself, it would be your friends... This is what one friend wrote about me: Tim - a guy with too much free time who writes descriptions of his friends that are so honest he might lose some of them after his memoirs get published. he gets pissed when you spell it "dood." he likes to talk, and his form of humor is to repeat the same jokes over and over. he's anal about being on time, spelling, and about maintaining friendships. he's always up for drinking and having a good time.

 So, it turns out I might be a little urlLink Schizotypal which pretty much describes me to a T:)

 So, how about a little about your's truly? I'm a 23 yr old virgin that plays video games for money and does web design on the side.... (now that I got your attention, maybe you would like an explanation) So, I graduated from Seattle Pacific University last year and went to Europe for 6 weeks. (A Tim's adventure which will someday be packaged into a little (*big*) website for all to see and love) Oh wait, the whole virgin thing... Umm... basically I haven't gotten laid yet, that's how I'm a virgin. Don't get me wrong, I'd like to have sex, just haven't gotten around to it yet. For right now I'm content with urlLink Self love Back to the whole game worker thing.... Wehn I get back from Europe I start working for a dot com, and get hired on as the highest paid webdeveloper there. (Granted I don't think I'm the most highly skilled web dev, but I asked for a lot since it was the internet BOOM and all. Well, come January, said Dot com runs out of money. (*This is after I buy a 2001 Toyota Celica in November*) They decide to drop to 50% employment. Well, I was one of the "lucky" few they asked to stay on at a major salary cut. I stayed with them until the money dried up for real in March. At which point I went on uneployment. Then the tricky stuff starts happening. Since I'm bored most of the time, I start writing my memoirs, apply for undergraduate work at SPU for a degree in Christian Theology, and basically sit and play video games all day. I contact about 7 "recruiters" or placement agencies, but nothing comes through. Well, I get accepted to SPU and go in to meet with my financial Aid officer, who is great, very helpful. While I'm there, I check the job boards. I see a web dev job opening for a small company (7 peeps). So I figure what the heck, unemployment is almost run out so I send them my resume. (This is on Monday) Wednesday night they call me for an interview on thursday. Thursday i go in and get the job. I start friday. Now, my buddy, who is a game tester calls me up and says, "Dude, they're looking for peeps to hire and send me your resume". So I do. I get called from Volt during the week after my interview with said small company. "So, MS is hiring a game tester to play new games and tell you what you think of em." says Volt person and can I come interview. I say "Hell yeah" then go to job interview. Well, I got the job, which is fine considering, said small company only wanted to hire a part time person. This is my hectic life in the year 2001. I am now not going to SPU, but am working 2 jobs at aroun 60 - 70 hours a week. Well, back to work...

 Second Rant. When I'm on a roll what can I say? So women. Can't live with them, can't understand them, but I'm still in love with them. One thing you ladies NEED to know. Men masturbate, we do, it's not like you're going to find one that doesn't. I think it's bullshit that we can't come to grips with this as a society. The perfect guy is bullshit. I think that women are looking for this guy they think they want, but they never really want it when they get it. Women want a strong man that isn't a bully and that is handsome and never screws up. However, by definition, Man is going to screw up, you women just need to learn how to live with it. We're going to piss you off occasionally. I'm still trying to figure out what women want. I tried to be the sensitive guy, but then they were just like "I like you but not like that", of course I was going after christian girls and my buddy says that they're just cockteases. Not my words, his. Unfortunately, I don't get out much, and when I do I don't drink enough to lose all inhibitions. But really, what's a guy to do? Well, I should go to bed, I can't think clearly anyway, check you latah-

 So, my first rant. Selling God. What is it with Christians trying to sell God? It's not like you can package him in a little box and candy coat him and say here's God. Using God to get money really pisses me off. Take for instances when I was in church on sunday. This dude was asking for money so that he could finance these people to go to his seminar. It wouldn't have been so bad but they asked for people to give 5000 dollars and basically said if you didn't that you wouldn't get as big a reward in Heaven. This is what church has become. Basically, show off and look better than the next guy. Well, I call Bullshit. I mean you're going to tell me I'm going to Hell if I say Fucking Shit motherfuckers? I don't think so. Maybe if I said, "You motherfucking cocksucking sons of Bitches"? Well, I don't remember God saying well, if this dude is cussing he's going to HELL. Here was the dilemma I dealt with. I was "set apart" as the church people say. But then I had trouble relating to non christians and that's not what Jesus was about y'all. Anyway, I just figured that I should immerse myself and try to save them on the inside:) Anyway, I'm just ranting. I hope I may have enlarged someone's brain just a little bit or at least pissed someone off. Check you guys later.

 So, Kevin and I just got back from "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back". That was some funny shit. Plus you gotta love the hotties in that movie, I mean, yowzer. Anyway, I'm gonna rant on my next post which is coming along shortly. The links I added are to my friends' bloggers. They don't know I have one yet.

 Sup peeps, I think I finally got this mofo up and running. It's not like I have a whole lotta shit to say, I just wanted to be a bandwagonner and all my friends were doing it. So, I was like WTF. Anyway, I hope you are all having a good one. I'd like to Recommend the book "Youth in Revolt" which is fuckin awesome. It's basically a look at the thoughts of a 14 yr old male. I found it true to what I was feeling at that age, and if you're a lady I think it's a great case study at the male psyche. Well, check you latah

 Hi, this is Cliff and I am writing my first blogger input. I talked to a manager at Taco Bell the other night and found that the Grilled Stuffed Burrito is the hardest thing that they make. Also, the quesadilla is one of the easiest things to make. I hope that clears up some confusion.

 in case you were wondering it's 10pm

 So, CAhlen has been trying to break into my account so that he can "talk" for me.... I wonder why he would want to do that:) Fuck off CAhlen

 Saw zoolander tonight... It's pretty funny, in a dumb sort of way:)

 We went and saw "Don't say a word" last night (we got there too late to see zoolander) I felt this movie was really good, and I liked it, 1.5 thumbs up by Tim

 YOU TRY AND INVENT SOMETHING LIKE INWARD SINGING!!?!?!! well, I got to sleep in today, my only day off in the past 2 weeks:) So, I got my car in for it's 15000 mile checkup at 12:30 today:) Woohoo!!! Maybe I'll be having subway for lunch... that'd be delish... Also, I think I'm gonna pick up silent hill 2 today. Supposed to be really scary... AAAAAHHHHHH!!!!:) well, it's almost time for lunch... Peace out:)

 Tim why do you insist on making these things up? Give it up dude...

 in other "other" news, acording to the manager at Tacobell, the hardest thing to make is the Grilled Stuffed burrito, followed closely by the supreme pizza... The quesadilla, he said, is rather easy to make by comparison

 In other news, my sister is getting ready to ship out at the end of october:(

 I was visiting some sites tonight and thought the guys out there might like to visit urlLink this website . Which is the site of the girl that plays the main vulcan on the new start trek show "Enterprise" please wipe drool up when you are done...

 Kevin's been doing some desktop customization and last night I found this website which is pretty cool urlLink Wincustomize.com

 knowing that I'll be hitting the snooze button at least one time tomorrow morning reminds me of this morning... My alarm clock ("my cell phone") has a 6 minute snooze button, which is the stupidest thing I've heard of yet.... Take this morning for instance, I wake up at 7:20 to my alarm and hit snooze("I don't actually have to be on the road until about 8:15 or so and it only takes me about 15 minutes to get ready in the morning"), well at 7:26 when I'm about to fall asleep again, right at the point of losing consciousness, it goes off again.... I mean how annoying is that? So I hit the snooze again and history repeats itself at 7:32... I hate this snooze button soooooo bad.... Maybe it's time I took my regular alarm clock back from Cahlen

 In other news, I've decided to Add Psycho to our list on the left side, cause I hate trying to go down half a page to find out the URL for her site

 hmm... Tenacious D was on "The Daily Show" tonight:) Those 2 guys crack me up:) Also, Can anyone tell I'm prone to mood swings? hmm... interesante... random thoughts de Tim:)

 So, now a lesson on cussing... If you don't make a big deal out of it, it won't be a big deal, although sometimes I think maybe I should curve my cussing skills... But then sometimes people really piss me off, and my feeling can't really be better expressed than, "You shit ass motherfucker!" Hmm... are there any words that maybe I could make cuss words? Like "hankering"... hmm... Speaking of hankering... I've had a hankering for Thai food a lot recently... and it's been like 15 days since my last thai fix, and I want to have like 3 different thai dishes which means I have to go 3 times to the thai restaurant... I tell you my palate is insatiable:) People don't say "hankering" any more, how weird is that? also, why do people no longer say, "2 legit, 2 legit 2 quit"? mmm... Hammer:)

 Whoa, stupid dryer... Well Big A, I'm glad you're still with us:) In other news, Amidy sent me this urlLink link I think that I like saying the word "Fuck" a lot... cause I find that I can offend some conservative types, and I like to offend conservative types... maybe secretly I'm an asshole;-P

 So I almost killed myself today. I was messing around with a plug for the dryer (after moving it), and so I plugged it in (the chord wasn't connected to anything). Needless to say, there was one big zap sound, and some burned piece of metal fell on my hand. But I'm still alive, and a little wiser for the wear. Anyways... back to watching tough enough.

 subconsciously, I think the thing I fear the most is that a girl might actually fall for me... It seems as soon as I think someone might like me, I do everything I can think of to get them to not like me like that(aka love?) How fucked up is that? I mean when you combine it with the fact that I long for intimate contact... It just doesn't make sense. My subconscious only foils me...

 I said T.E. yo, but that's besides the point...

 So, I woke up this morning. That's all.

 TR's? is that like a TE? I woke up with a blue fro this morning... For some reason my hair has gotten to a length where it feels like it wants to sit up and say hello to everything... who am I to argue with my hair? In other news- I am delighted with the new star trek series "enterprise". I feel it had a good opener and enjoyed it very much. (Especially the oiling part:)) Well, off to work...

 So I was reading this book at work. It's a pretty good one about some dude who gets T.E.'s. Tim recommended it to me. I just thought it would be interesting to note that this guy has a split personality and the bad-ass is called Francois. Francois is a French name, as is another name we're all familiar with: Pierre. Did I mention Tim recommended this book to me?

 And now for something completely different... Sasquatch is real.... Now, can I tell you guys that no matter how many people I meet, the human condition always amazes me.... Artists consistently impress me, stupid people consistently stupify me, and bloggers always interest me... (well usually anyway) This one time I read this one blog(I don't really remember it) but then I was like "who are these people and what are they talking about" and then I was like I dunno and now I've forgotten about em except how I wrote this blog about them.

 In other news- Yes Travis I think that Tenacious D did have a sitcom, I think... but I never saw it:(

 In other news- I hate my CD burner. 30% of the time it ends up as a coaster:P This is unacceptable, Cest la vie....

 Well, I got my first email from someone who actually reads our shiznit!!! Woohoo, our first urlLink fan :) Random emails are the bestest:) Especially when you randomly find out that your personal thoughts may be of someone else's interests:)

 So what books are for Tim, DVD's are for me. I was at Border's with Tim on Monday, and spent far too little time browsing the DVD section, but I did find a lot of stuff I wanted. Then I had to go to Freddies tonight, and found even more. And then I checked the net to find out that Moulin Rouge comes out Dec 18, in a super special edition, and it's in a box set with Strictly Ballroom and a new special edition of Romeo + Juliet. Woo hoo! Too many dvd's, too little time (and money). Why I didn't just major in film studies and become a critic instead of getting a stupid computer science degree, I'll never know :) Lessee... it's almost moving day, just a bit more cleaning to do and I'm out of this crazy temporary living situation. Woo hoo! A new apartment (still in Lovely, Downtown Monroe *roll eyes*). At least it'll be our place instead of someone else's house. On a sports note... how about them San Diego Chargers! Woo hoo! 2-0! (for those who don't know, but are actually wondering why the SD Chargers, I've been a fan for 20+ years, ever since I saw them beat the Seahawks by like 40 points or something way back when). And for those who don't regularly contribute to this site (or are not listed in the links) who actually read this stuff and write to us, what the hell is wrong with you? :) I mean, um, thanks.

 To go along with that post about books earlier... Monday, I went into a "Borders" and was like, "I want this book and this book and this book, and dammit they're out of this book that I also want to get". Then yesterday 2 books I order from Amazon finally arrived to be added to the pile of books to read. And then today, I got my advertisement from urlLink SFBC and was like, I want this book and that book and.... You get the idea, I need to stop reading so damn much:)

 Amidy: No. Steve made "Rye and Ginger" last night. Basically it's 50% rye whiskey(Wild Turkey) and 50% ginger ale. Then top with a twist of lime:) It was a good drink, and only took me 3 tall glasses to create the wonderful posts you saw below... but it might have been 4, I lost count after 2:)

 NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! That's why I loved twilight zone, they were always about the "be careful what you wish for" things:)

 Cahlen, you SO have to get your own blog. This shit is too good, it needs its own home.

 Tim you remind me of a twilight zone episode where there's this dude who really likes to read. He is sad, though, because he is so busy he never can. But one time when he was in the bank vault a bunch of bombs go off and kill EVERYONE. He comes out and is like, "What they hey?" Then he walks around and sees all these books laying on the street and he realizes this is where the library was. And then he's like, "Cool dude!", because now he can read forever and no one can bother him. You know what happens next? The stupid idiot breaks his glasses and he's like, "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!" Sad story eh? So be careful Tim...

 Also, for those concerned, I found the CD

 December 19th.... if only it were tomorrow... In other movie news... Zoolander comes out on friday... I want to see that one good:) "What is this? A school for ants? How are the children supposed to learn how to read if they can't even fit through the doors?"

 ZANZIBAR!!! I think I'm addicted to buying/reading books... If I had my life to live as I please, I may very well have chosen to just read. If I retire, I imagine I'll mostly be reading... well back to reading:)

 hmm... I'm feeling better now:) I still love Tenacious D:) Well, work is going well... There was some stuff I wanted to talk about but now my lunch is over:( Amd i don't think I could remember anyway:( Check you guys latah

 And now I have to live with my CD on the florr, cause it just fgell there, and now I can't find it cause it's dark

 don't worry, this is still drunk tim, I just realized how random my last blog was, but then I realized I was drunk, so you all we're expecting much... BTW- Jack Black is the bestest in forever, in other news, I don't think I can spell when I'm drunk... these may seem like totally tangible paragraphs, but also, I love Tenacious D:)

 Hello- This is drunk tim:) I am listening to Tancaious D It rocks:) Also, Steve got me drunk tonight:) He is bad:) And then kevin put a donut down my pants. I did not think that was appropriate. But maybe tomorrow I will forget everything about it, except how I have this blog now to remind me. Also, my teeth are numb, this is my best:) And I think my lips are numb too, but I can't tell to sure. Well, I guess I need sleep, after all I am lopsided as I post this post. Good night

 Hey everybuddy So work has been weird. I guess we're not working OT again for a while, which I just don't get. First they say we're working all the OT we can, then they say no more OT. I just wish they'd make up their minds. It's tough to get into a normal routine when your schedule seems to change everyday. On a bit of a side note, my lead can be kinda weird sometimes. Like Saturday morning, I forogot to shut my web browser after I checked my hotmail account before work, and he's all giving me some inquisition about having a web browser open while I am working. Then yesterday my co-worker had a web site open while working and nary a word said by the lead. Of course, this is the co-worker who the lead always goes to lunch with and carpools with. Draw your own conclusions. It's just wierd to have a lead who acts all cool one day towards you, and then acts all superboss the next. Argh. At least I'm enjoying the game I'm working on a bit more. Anyhowie.... this weekend is moving time, so the temporary living situation is almost over! Finally! Time for sleep.

 The other night when we got Top Foods chinese food. The asked for my "secret code" at the ATM pay thing. I liked how they said "secret code" cause it made me feel like I had a secret that no one else could know. I felt like a spy:) Anyway, I think they should all say "secret code" instead of PIN number, that way I can feel like a spy all the time:)

 In other news, I foiled Kevin.... Midi sound level is now set to 0:) and now to the great news, I got my starbucks this morning. Can I just sing the praises of this wonderful system? I get there and there's my coffee:) I hear people whisper amongst themselves ("How did he do that?") It's like I'm superman and I have kevin to thank for that. You and your company are da ant:) PS - Steve is in town tonight....

 on a side note: On my way home tonight there was a light fog. And it's not like the heavy fog, I could see just fine. Anyway, I love the fog like that. It adds an air of mystery to the world. I think we need more mystery in the world. It was like i could see the edges of the world, but I could never get there. goodnight

 My Bisnitch is the Shiznit, by Tenacious D is the bomb:) hmm... I wonder why my blog isn't blocked by SPU? I mean really, I have said Fuck and shit on here before.... Maybe it will be blocked now... I guess if it is, someone could email me about it But then how would they know to email me? Anyway, I gotta shower cause I'm sweaty from racquetball, check you latah....

 hmm... maybe CAhlen and I are thinking of different people, cause evidentally there are more than 2 people named pierre in this world.... hmm... weird BTW, tell your dog hi for me:)

 All this talk about a dog... wow. Who knew you guys could actually speak to the animals. Maybe you should become vetranarians or something. I actually didn't have to work OT today, so I'm just chillin waitin for Tim to go hang out for a bit. Woo hoo! Unfortunately, I'll be doing tons of OT for the next couple of weeks, so my one whole break will probably be moving on Saturday. Fun times. What the hell is SFS? ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, wait, I get it. nevermind. Noich noich noich. Snoochie Boochies. Who the hell says Snoochie boochies? That's like baby talk or something.

 BTW - I spoke with Pierre as well... I asked him what he thought about Timmay and him saying that he was French and had all sorts of women after him and all, and you know what he refused to talk and in fact looked a little confused. I think he was interested in the bacon I had in my hands. It's beyond me how Tim got all that stuff out of him when all I could get was a "ruff". Pierre is so cute...

 umm... not me... also... Cahlen is the one who is the ball licker

 So, I finally got to register for classes. It's been close before, but I don't think I've ever done the day of classes. After I paid the outrageous amount, including the extra account interest charge, I came back to my apartment and tried to register, only the hold wasn't removed. How annoying. I was about to condemn SFS to some extra dimensional void, but then I called the girl who was helping me and she fixed it. Raise your hand if you like SFS..... Anybody? Anybody?

 And shaggy.

 That's Jules Pierre to you buddy! And he's only dirty most of the time.

 Pierre = Dirty Cockerspaniel

 BTW- I spoke with Pierre... 1st he's mad at Cahlen for inferring he is a dog. But when I asked him about his name vs. upbringing he explained it as so... "My dad is a french international banker. He fell in love with my mother on a vacation to Sicily. They had a passionate love affair and I am named after him. They had to remain apart mostly until I was 5 when he brought us to live with him in the US." So that's Pierre's story... I guess that's good cause I hear french people are stuck up, but in my opinion it was the Spaniards that were the one's that were stuck up....

 I just remembered that my family's dog's name is Pierre.

 And now for something completely different- I woke up at 6:45 today, which means I got about 9 hours sleep. I have a feeling this might throw off my entire day:( Oh, but I do get to play racquetball tonight with Kevin:)

 So as you may or may not have heard/understood from kevin, I went to bed at 9 something last night. Needless to say, I needed that. I found that I was starting to do things that I usually only do when I am drunk.... Anyway, to answer kevin's bitching question("Don't worry Kev, I didn't take it personally"). I think we tend to complain when... a) we're bored b) we don't know what we're doing c)have really stupid management d) have a job. If anyone of these things is true, you're most likely not doing the thing you'd be choosing to do for 8 hours on a given day. Like take sleep for instance, I know an individual (perhaps 2) that loves to sleep almost all weekend:) Now preferably this individual would stay up all night surfing the internet and working on projects, unfortunately said individual has a job and therefore can't stay up till all hours of the night(although he does) In other words, Bitching comes with a job:) In other news, Travis is a bitch:)

 I think Tim's been watching Fried Green Tomatoes or something again, with all this wrapped in Saran Wrap stuff. Anyways... so I haven't written anything in here for a while, but I don't really have anything to write. I must lead one of the most boring lives of anyone on the planet or something. It's scary sometimes. What can I say though, when you only have 1 day off a week, and you just spend your day resting. Maybe I should just move to Japan for a while or something :) Oh, and it's nice to see you posting again, Dejah.

 hmm... work:( So today was another boring day in the whole game playing world. I played for about 6 hours today. I'm ready for a day off. (5 days and counting down) I'm just tired all the time. I did get my CCR the other day. They're on Vinyl and I'm loving them, when I get to Cahlen's room to listen to them. Maybe I should sleep more, I think I'm falling asleep right now. hmm... SPU starts tomorrow which means I have had some friends move back to seattle:) It's good to see friends. Speaking of which, Steve's back in town which is always a whirlwind of drinking and partying:) Also, there's another guy I know coming up from portland this week... well, good night, and Trav, I'm serious dude, don't you be fallin for my girl...

 Yeah, I saw a guy today. I said hi to him because I knew who he was. But he already has a girlfriend. Too bad. What's this about saran wrap?

 In other news, I saw a girl today, but I didn't know her and I didn't say hi to her. In fact there's really no reason to mention it, I mean besides the fact that I still haven't gotten laid:) Speaking of which, I talked to Cahlen and he said that Kelley did not come over here today in saran wrap. I mean really, what's up with that kelley? Well, it's way past my bed time.

 Also, you can now email pierre personally and he'll get back to you as soon as he's available at urlLink Email Pierre

 k now I'm getting jealous of Travis and how he's quoting my girl. If he wants to throw down, I'm here:) JK, I did feel a pang of jealousy to think that someone might be falling for my girl....

 Also, it turns out I registered www.unwelcomehero.com for my friend pierre, he's a little pissed about that, but I don't know what to tell him, except maybe, unwelcome hero is almost maybe even better than unwanted hero, and who knows pierre someday one of our friends may get that site:)

 Umm... yeah... I call bullshit Also, did anyone else notice how cahlen's low on avoidant is red? Maybe someone doctored the text so that it read low, but could not change the color of the text.... hmmm...

 Hey Tim, I figured I should go ahead and post my results because I have nothing to hide... Disorder Rating urlLink Paranoid : Low urlLink Schizoid : Low urlLink Schizotypal : Low urlLink Antisocial : Low urlLink Borderline : Low urlLink Histrionic : Low urlLink Narcissistic : Low urlLink Avoidant : Low urlLink Dependent : Low urlLink Obsessive-Compulsive : Low -- urlLink Click Here To Take The Test -- Mwa ha ha, I'm perfectly normal what's wrong with you guys? (How does this HTML stuff work again?) lB^)

 I am afraid....

 Also, Kevin and I went to dinner(Cafe Veloce, wonderful food, 4 stars by Tim) and a movie(the musketeer, do not see this movie unless you are looking for a laugh) for a belated bday thing. I had fun:) In other news, I'm still a virgin and Jebe I don't care if it lives up to the hype, I just want to get it out of the way:) PS - I don't really just want to get it out of the way. But I do want to get it:)

 hmm... Just got done listening to some Creedance Clearwater Revival. It conjurs images of weekends with dad(the smell of his house, the kitchen on saturday morning when the light would come in through the window, driving with my step mom) It reminds me of little tim., aka pierre. Happily living oblivious to all that goes on in the adult world. No bills, no worris, just normal schizotypal Tim:) PS- Cahlen is avoidant, which is probably why he didn't tell you himself... (True story, he told me that he took the test and is avoidant, when asked to post it, he said, "no way") Also, it's interesting that he has a job as a security guard where he has little interaction with people. (it's a night time gig, in case you didn't know)

 Umm... Mary, I think Pierre really wants to kick this guys ass. In fact, I know he does

 last time I took this, I was only moderate on schizoid and schizotypal:) I guess it's confirmed I'm schizotypal:)

 Disorder Rating urlLink Paranoid : Moderate urlLink Schizoid : Moderate urlLink Schizotypal : High urlLink Antisocial : Low urlLink Borderline : Low urlLink Histrionic : Moderate urlLink Narcissistic : Low urlLink Avoidant : Low urlLink Dependent : Low urlLink Obsessive-Compulsive : Low -- urlLink Click Here To Take The Test --

 dammit, I can't even spell saran right... Argh, and after you all know how anal I am about spelling. Sometimes, I just could kick myself, but then I realize I'm not that flexible:) (ok I am that flexible) Also, Pierre thinks he would like to kick someones ass, and in the middle of the ass kicking say, "And call me pierre dammit"....

 dammit, I can't change other peeps posts. Oh well, sorry Tim.

 I know, I'll fix Tim's spelling of "Saran" wrap.

 Kevin here, posting to Tim's blog for the first time. Okay, apparently that's all I have to say.

 So, I was just sitting here reading kevin's post thingy, and I tried to hit F5 for refresh, but I accidentally hit one of the many keys above my keyboard(web/home) and all of a sudden I was at my home page. I was like umm, what happened?!?!?. Well, it turns out all those keys actually work. I had no idea. It's like I just got a new toy:) No money down, no payments ever:)

 pogo pogo pogo pogo pogo pogo pogo pogo pogo pogo pogo pogo

 also, I'm still addicted to reading, here's a list of things to come(in order, I think): The Last Unicorn(Now) Lolita Soul Survivor: How my faith survived the church The Boy Star Wars: Darth Maul Star Wars: Cloak of Deception Year's Best Sci-fi No.6 His dark materials Plus I have one more Martian Tales that I still am trying to read... and a book about vikings that aaron has

 Umm... also, I am LOVING "system of a down". I don't know but I think they have a lot of good points, plus it gets my blood moving:)

 on a side note(to Jebe, Kelley, Amidy, Mary) it appears that urlLink sunday hero went to middle and high school with Deanna Wright who plays "Kay" on passions...

 hmm... on second thought, if you are one of those girls talked about below, I'm sure cahlen would be happy to entertain you:)

 So now Kevin and Craig are in my room playing GT3... Craig had not seen it and did not know what the fuss was about. Damn, damn, I really want to watch the daily show from last night, but no one has it:( Soak Kelley, I didn't think you were really mad at me, I just wanted everyone who reads this to think you were:) (oops, now will you really be mad at me?) Also, I am working this weekend, so if any girls who read this site that I don't know about were planning on showing up at my house sometime saturday or sunday afternoon dressed only in syran wrap, you'll have to wait until evening or do it next saturday. (is that a run on sentence?) hmm...

 Just remember, as one of our friends so eloquently put it: "you don't have to be dating to be sexually unfrustrated." Now, "go be productive in bed." :)

 so, my meeting went well tonight, no new work for tim:) Also, to the amazement of all that know him, urlLink Kevin (You know my roommate, who's birthday it is today) has started his own Blog:) It kinda brings a tear to my eye:) In other news, I still haven't gotten laid:)

 IT'S KEVIN'S BIRTHDAY!!!! YAY!!!

 So evidentally Jon Stewart and the daily show were hilarious tonight, but my mom called right at the beginning and wouldn't let me watch it. So now I'll never know and now I think urlLink Kelley might be mad at me:( Also, I was thinking, I am really sexually frustrated almost to a point of actually pursuing sex. Not quite to the point of actually pursuing sex, but it seems that I cannot live in this state of sexual frustration forever. I mean, I want someone to return the ball:) Another thing I find interesting is that the peeps that read this thing. Like there's people I talk to who've I've mentioned the site to and then they tell me later that they find it interesting:) (or at least that they read it, they don't really say it's interesting) Also important news tonight. I've registered www.timsadventures.com and www.unwantedhero.com The timsadventures will be the site for normal tim, and the unwantedhero will be for alter ego tim(or as I like to call him, John) well, check you later

 Dude.... I'd say let's go do something Saturday, but then I'm probably going to be working that day anyway (just til 5 though). Work, it can be fun, and suck at the same time. It's great to have a job and all, especially one where I'm just working on testing games, but when it sucks away all your life, it can be kind of annoying. oh well, I'm just glad I have a job. So I don't have anything else to say, I can't help it, my brain is broken.

 so, I don't think I'm a very good teacher... I was trying to get jebe's supergreg picture to link by telling her about the onclick=location.href thingy, but then it didn't work and she had to call her parents. So now I feel bad cause I don't know what's wrong with it and I may have had her break it accidentally:( Oh my goodness: it works now:) I guess she figured it out:) YAY! I love when links work:) Sorry for cunfusing you jebe!

 So I was reading Jebe's posts right now, and then I clicked refresh and like a book appeared. I couldn't understand most of the words in the "post" but it seemed to be something to do with medical stuffs. Well, now I'm waiting for cliff to get home so we can play video games or something. I started reading "The last unicorn" today. The jury is still out on this one. It gets right to the subject right away, which is good, but.... I don't know. Anyway, I got asked to work saturday today, so I have to decide if I'm gonna do that. (Notice: if you want to do something on saturday, tell me tonight, otherwise I'll probably work) I said I'd find out tonight and get back to my boss tomorrow. It's a fun job that I'm enjoying, I just don't know if I can work 13 days straight. It's especially difficult when I don't get to bed before midnight....

 In other news- Cliff is home now... He and hannah pulled up as we were going out to get TacoBell. So now we're listening to his ("How I heard about the WTC terrorist attack") well, time for bed...

 So cliff and hannah are back in the us- They're supposed to get in at 10:30am tomorrow. So I think I'll not be having a meeting with mean company:P They only want to harrass me anyway. well, I gotta eat and sleep.... mmmm sleep good

 So I finally finished my book, "Youth in revolt" and decided to give you a couple of quotes that I enjoyed from the book. "THURSDAY, December 31, New Year's Eve - Consider, if you will, the morning boner. What a metaphor of hope and renewal! How can anyone give way to despair when one's groin greets each new day with such a gala spectacle of physiological optimism? And what an anotommical prod to philosophical contemplation on the final day of the year" pg. 493 - Youth in Revolt, C.D. Payne And now I can't remember the other quotes I wanted to share:( Well, Cliff is supposed to come back tonight(cross my fingers) Check you guys latah

 Argh in my eye!!!! Today, I reformatted(after spending 7 hours at work) and then realized I failed to back up my messages:( I have it backed up from 2 weeks ago, but I archived almost all the messages from the past 2 weeks and then forgot to save the archive:( So, now I have no written record of my emails.... Hold on, Thank God for "Deleted items" folder on hotmail. All of my stuff I "moved" to archives is still waiting to be deleted. I copied it back to my archives folder:) It's 1:15 I need to go to bed:)

 Yes, CAhlen, remember all those girls you talked to during school? Or lack there of.... In other news- Kevin got done talking to Austin who said that his "friend" has another apartment and that he hasn't been staying here for 2 weeks, but that he would introduce him and that he would do the dishes today(sunday). I haven't heard from cliff or hannah since thursday. :( Hopefully they're on their way home...

 I have a problem talking to girls? Where did that come from? Oh and you forgot, it's CAhlen to you Tim.

 argh, confrontation!!!! CAhlen and kevin and I finally confronted austin about his turn to do the dishes, but now it's our fault for ganging up on him. Also, Kevin is now confronting him about his roommate. more later...

 I don't know... So CAhlen has this issue with talking to girls that I think we should confront for him. An intervention if you will:) Although, I'm not one to talk. I mean I talk to females fine, and all that, I just can't start a "relationship" with one. Anyway, it's time to go out to see rockstar, sorry for giving you a bad time CAhlen:)

 Ok, now for life on the lighter side, just for a moment, as I'm getting sick of getting these stupid hints from this dumb crush thing on email (see the archives if you missed the earlier rant). I'm enlisting all of you to help me out, as I don't know who to guess, and I only know of 3-4 females who actually know my email address (2 of whom are related to me, and the other 2 didn't do this crush thing). Here are the hints: 1. the first name is 5 characters long. 2. the last name is 4 or fewer long. 3. the first name begins with a letter between a and e 4. the email username is 8 or more characters long 5. the email account is not with hotmail.com There. Any ideas? You'll get a special bonus if you can id them.

 I saw a dude at the entrance to the freeway waving and holding a sign saying "I don't hate Arabs" Yup

 You gotta love the crazy people who think they need to attack anyone who looks like they might be islamic. I'm speaking mostly of the dumb idiot who attacked a mosque in Seattle yesterday. Why can't stupid white americans realize that just because someone is a muslim it doesn't mean that they're a terrorist? Just like back in the 40's when just because someone was a japanese-american didn't mean they were all spies for Japan? Hello? Are we all still that stupid?

 so trav, I understand all the girls love you, but you're blind to it... lucky bastard:)

 umm... home for a while. Austin is moving out. Need to find another job... Life is a dream, and then you wake up, and you're dead

 I think John Denver said it best when he said... "Friends I will remember you, think of you Pray for you And when another day is through I'll still be friends with you" I just want to give a shout out to all my friends and tell you that you're awesome...

 waiting... Now I'm going to a thing with Cliff tonight with his church, but it doesn't start till 7:30. So now, I'm waiting on the westside, and all my peeps are not home. Maybe if I drive to SPU I will find em, but Dej didn't answer her phone, and she's the only one I know left on the campus... hmm...

 So Mary- Yes, I've read LOTR and the Hobbit. (Nice reference. Although, precious was more about the good person you want to be, not a ring so much) I dunno who MzJaxon is, but they are a mary on the internet that is stalking me. Everyone Else- Isn't it weird how we all put up a front? I mean, we can't walk around being sensitive all the time. Like I really enjoy museums and especially paintings, but if I did what I wanted to, sit and stare at a painting all day, whoever I was with would get bored and leave. And so I move on in a somewhat quickened pace and don't allow myself to want to look at the painting. I think I'm using this as a metaphor, U long for a deep trusting relationship, but you don't really have the time, and you don't know if the other person wants the same thing, so you skirt the issue... You play that you're not that interested then, if it comes up and they don't like you, then you can say, "well, I didn't feel much for you anyway", when in fact, you wanted to badly, but disallowed yourself to feel. Everyday, I feel as though I could live like the kid in American Beauty, finding just the most mundane things beautiful, and it's cause I can. However, I find living in such a state of awareness, exhausting. The emotional taxing would be so great, and I'd probably cry all the time. Well, gotta run, keep it real

 So evidentally I'm sweet now. At least according to the last 2 girls I asked out. Well, I guess I can't blame them, they are not in my time zone. I guess it would be hard to take me seriously.

 So I'm still recovering from this weekend. I haven't stayed up so late on consecutive days for a couple of years, basically, so it's taking me a while to get back to normal. But I'll survive... and it was such a good weekend of hanging out with everyone, and doing a little reminiscing. Maybe we should do this more often. Anyhowie... 2 more days of work. I really need to find a job soon.

 Busy weekend... Steve left for Belize. SAw urlLink the carolines on yesterday. These guys rock and the lead singer lived on my floor in college:) HE's a fun guy. OK, well, hopefully I'll be more writingful next time. Sorry for missing your shindigs trav. Hope you had fun.

 so I found the real urlLink Cowboy Bebop site and then Manga has a link to urlLink this site which shows manga shit on the net:)

 so, in case you were wondering, I didn't go to said party last night. I chilled with Big A at the house instead, had to run to the bank too. Sorry Trav, we'll have to meet some other time. Hope your 21 is all that you could ever want:) Especially if all you want is to legally buy alky:) Cause then you got your dream:) also, I was thinking about something to write on blogger the other day, but then I forget what it was. Maybe I'll remember it. There was something about masturbation, but I didn't know if it were appropriate to talk about that here;) Actually I just figured no one would want to talk about it. So, as we move on... The question of the day is, "who is mzJaxon?" if you can tell me the answer, I'll write "her" back. If no one can, she'll just have to keep emailing me with no replies:(

 Also, Mary, why (a.k.a. "Gollum")? How did I get this nick? It's the first time I've seen it. Also, are you mzJaxson? Ewww.. I am for real. Never meant to make your daughter cry. I apologize a million times. lalala

 so, I'm supposed to go to Trav's party tonight, but I don't have anyone to go wif. C'est la vie. I know if marc were here he'd go with me:( Maybe I'll get my ass in gear, but something tells me I'll prolly just chill with the roommates like I do everynight. Not that that's bad, but they don't put out;) Actually, I love you guys, ttyl

 so, I'm super productive Tim today, I think I got almost all my stuff blasted through at work today!!!

 ok, they XPised, urlLink msn.com and now, (french?) urlLink bebop I think it's the apocalypse

 YAY!!! Internet speeds are back up at the house:) Also, I am feeling better today, maybe I just needed an extra 5 hours of sleep. Also, kevin and I started watching "The Sopranos" last night, so far I give it 2 thumbs up. BTW kevin, Don't forget that you want to buy Momento:)

 I feel I should say something, but words are eluding me. I cannot articulate myself at all. My misunderstandings cannot be perceived. chaos ensues.

 Nice poem Tim.

 What a lazy day off. I didn't really do much today. Played some urlLink Red Faction , messed around on the internet a bit, cleaned up my room a little, and stuff like that. Nothing big, that's for sure. I did get urlLink Musicmatch Jukebox installed on my machine, so now I can make mp3's and burn mix cd's. Woo Hoo! I also picked up the new Incubus cd, but haven't had a chance to listen to much of it yet. What I have heard sounds pretty good, but I'm not sure what songs I like on it yet. I just got done watching High Fidelity. That's a pretty good movie. I would say more, but then I'd have to dissect my thoughts too much, and I'd write a few pages instead of a few sentences.

 I came home sick today, slept from 2:30 - 7:30, sorry kelley I won't pass the quiz on "passions", I was asleep, doing better now, ttyl

 Random fun quote of the day, courtesy of Roger Ebert: "Being eaten by a raptor ranks high on my list of inappropriate touching."

 It's sad when the house you have high speed internet in is slower than your shared 768 connection at work.

 also, I don't think you could be addicted, but curiousity did kill the cat, I remember when I was like 20 and I would have cravings for beer, and the funny thing is, I hadn't had a beer since I was like 4. My mom always used to tell me to try the "brussel sprouts" cause I might have grown to like them since last time, and although I'll never "grow to like" brussel sprouts, I think I did grow to like beer. weird moms

 I'm in a funk, can anyone set me free?

 A loss of innocence I sit in my corner waiting, I will protect my precious, you cannot see him, he is precious, If you approach, I will surely kill you, Do not get too close, my claws are sharp, my mouth is hungry, You would destroy him, but you cannot, I will not let you, he is my precious and you cannot hurt him, In the coming darkness, the voices cry out, the hands reach, you want my precious, you will take him for your own, your claws reach and pull, I struggle, I lash out, I hit, I bite, Yet precious is drawn to you, you are no good, but I struggle, My precious, he is delirious, He wants to go, you will sure destroy him, you cannot have him, It is a struggle I cannot win, you will feast on my precious, he will be dead

 hey guys- urlLink check this out

 So, I'm contemplating teaching english in Japan, yet again. I don't know if I really want to do it, or am just looking for something completely different to do with my life. At any rate, I do know that one group will be interviewing in Seattle in December, and so I have til mid November to make up my mind. I get to sleep in tomorrow, as I don't have to work. I'm down to 5 days of employment. I wish there were other projects hiring right now, but everything pretty much shuts down in the winter. That's life in the game industry. Why does everything have to be on sale when the economy sucks? It's like, hey, everyone's out of work, let's have sales on things they can't afford to get anyways. Like people are going to be able to buy something when it's 10% off as opposed to regular price. Don't stores know that they don't have the money anyways? I guess it's great for those with job security.

 argh, another day another drachma... got the call from mom tonight, no turntable for bday:(

 No matter what time I leave my house, it seems like I can't get to work late. I even stopped at 7-11 this morning and still made it here on time. Oh well.... Yesterday went by without a hitch and I even have more stuff to do today. I brought in my music this morning, so I'm listening to a little D right now:) Also, I got to eat at Pete's Pizza last night which was fun, good company. and another thing, do you think you could get cravings or be addicted to drugs you've never had? just a contemplation...

 In the immortal words of the wallflowers, "God don't make lonely girls"

 So the Seattle Mariners showed what they are made of in the play offs yet again. I'm kinda bummed, but I also kinda expected this. The torture continues for the lifelong fan. In other news... I'm still employed for about a week. I am trying to find something to do that is remotely computer/software testing related, but there aren't a whole lot of jobs out there right now. It's nice to get off work after only 8 hours though. wow. Who knew what the world looked like when there was still a little sunlight out?

 working working working at least at my other job the day flew by... oh well, back to the normal grind, at least I have work to do:)

 maybe as a drunk I am not very becoming... In other news, I've worked on urlLink unwelcome hero and it's now up for public preview. hope you all enjoy it:)

 I am going to have to agree with Deja, Tim: Don't post when you are drunk, it is not very flattering to your personality.

 I toyed with the idea of a comments section, but it slowed the whole site down... sorry for all you mystery readers, if you want to get in touch, you're just gonna hafta email us...

 random quotes I've heard in my life: "Either it's hot in here, or I'm going through the pause again" "I like to sit on cracks" "This one time at band camp" Oh wait that last one was from a movie, not really my life... Hmm... how to get drunk tim not to post... this will be the trick I think... Personally I think he likes to post, he feels that he'll say what I won't say... weird drunk tim... In other news, I think we could say we have different selves for different people we're around, but also reoccuring themes running throughout each self. IE, in all my selves I believe in God and respect my elders. But in some selves I'm more respectful of women and strangers than I am as other selves. When I write on blog, I think that's one self, but it's also whichever self I am at the time. Does this make any sense? Does anyone understand me?

 Psycho time. I'm away from bloggs for one day, and come back to this..... Tim, I REALLY recommend you NOT make posts when you're drunk. It's not very flattering to say the least. And now it's my turn to complain about something. I really hate it when I write a huge long email to one of my family members and they reply, three days later, with an email one sentence long. So much for attempting to facilitate a flourishing correspondence....

 Also, there's nothing to do right now, I just called amidy but she is driving her mom to the airport, but not to see Jebe. Anyway, maybe I won't be bored later. Also, i have added urlLink DAMN YOU MARIA to my vocabulary. Psycho Tim...

 So i think i may have figured out what to do with unwelcomehero.com Make it a tim's poetry corner/other writings and thoughts opinions and shit... Now I just need to start programming it:) Well, check you guys later... ps, my hair is back to brown/black.

 ARGH!!! My head hurts, damn headaches!!!

 Also, drunk Tim can't fuckin type, and he rambles on incoherently(sp?) I don't know why I even let him on here. Or how he can get the fuckin password right? sorry if I offended anyone last night, but michelle from american pie 1 and 2 is a hottie. She ALMOST makes me want to watch buffy... almost....

 hmm... I was trying to think of a way to get a urlLink live journal account and then realized I don't have any other friends that post to a live journal. Just Sunday hero, and I don't think she wants to talk to me anymore... :( Well, if anyone who reads this site, has an access code, I'd love to have it, so I could join and maybe "publish" some of my written words on it. (of course when I say "written words", I mean my poor excuse for poetry:) check you guys latah

 I just wanna know how many people actually click on the "I wanna cum on your face" emails that they get on hotmail? Cause evidentally someone is, otherwise why would they continue to send the emails? Fortunately I set up a filter so I don't actually have to see the shit, I can just delete it:)

 :(

 Also, I'd have to agree with Trav on this one, CAhlen, WHAT THE FUCK?!?!?!

 So, I'm in Oregon right now. And Kevin's in NY. Talk about a house divided:) Although I don't think that's what they were talking about... In other news, everytime I go use the urinal at the Woodinville theater I notice the cake holders have a website on them. And I always mean to mention it to you guys, cause I thought it was really funny. Like, hey, the thing I'm pissing on has a website. WHAT THE FUCK!!! Anyway, I'm gonna kill off unwelcome hero as pierre's site, but I will hopefully do something useful with it. Do you guys have any suggestions? Also, do you think you can see your parents as other people see them? or is there a parent filter there... weird... prolly won't be able to write again till sunday cause I'm at home so I'll talk to you guys latah

 I want to be a urlLink 1337 h4X0r like that guy.

 sometimes, I get the impression that Cahlen likes Henry David Thoreau.... weird how I would get that impression...

 "What men call social virtue, good fellowship, is commonly but the virtue of pigs in a litter, which lie close together to keep each other warm." - Henry David Thoreau (1817 - 1862)

 "The man I meet is seldom so instructive as the silence which he breaks." - Henry David Thoreau (1817 - 1862)

 "That man is the richest whose pleasure are the cheapest." - Henry David Thoreau (1817 - 1862)

 "No way of thinking, however ancient, can be trusted without proof." - Henry David Thoreau (1817 - 1862)

 "It takes two to speak the truth--one to speak, and another to hear." - Henry David Thoreau (1817 - 1862)

 "I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude." - Henry David Thoreau (1817 - 1862)

 "City Life. Millions of people being lonesome together." - Henry David Thoreau (1817 - 1862)

 it's 12:50 am , and yet I'm still drunk:) This one time at band camp, I stuck a flute in my pussy:) Say my name bitch:)

 JEBE- you must - soon or we'll think you meant 3.14 :) Also, the drunk tim is crazy:) sometime he's just like I wanna fuck you:) but then there' s this girl Michelle:) She's so fucking hot!!! maybe tomorrow I'll be okay, I doubt it:) also, SUCK MY COCK!!! (tomcats reference:))

 sometimes I get the feeling cahlen is trying to get my password again.but sometimes when cahlen get's nervous he sometimes wets his pants. OK that's not true, but at least I get to watch american pie:) BTW- I am drunk, in case you were wondering:) Also, at least I didn't open a roommate's mail:)

 mmm.... I think the numb self is the bestest. We watched "American Beauty" and now we're watching "american pie" which is always fun:) We all get laid before we graduate:) mmmm.... laid:) BTW- this movie kicks ass:) "no longer will our penises remain flacid and unused" :) drunk tim still is here:)

 hello this is drunk tim again I'll talk more again latah, hopefully rachael will be on, cross my fingers:)

 To answer Tim's perception question, yes, I think people can change their perceptions of others or the world. As you have experiences and gain knowledge throughout life, your views/perceptions of things will change. Now, changing how others perceive you can be kind of difficult, especially people who have known you for a while. They'll pretty much always perceive you as the way they've known you for however long. What/which of your perceptions were you planning on changing?

 You're an i-i-island.

 Hey kev- I guess, I prolly use movies, video games, and tv shows for my basis of argument because I somewhat believe that they are our modern day story tellers. I mean, Jesus/Mohammed/homer, didn't have the written word, and so they told parables/stories. I think that the forms of media that I use to convey a point have taken the place of story tellers. True, I prolly give em more credit than they are due, but I think one could make some assumptions about civilization based on the top grossing films. I also believe that music is a great persuader, maybe I should start using music to discuss my points:) All-in-all I'm not trying to argue this with you, as I didn't take offense, just thought you might wonder why I argue the way I do sometimes. Although, I'm just a rock, or was it an island?

 also, jenny, when I read your post, I was like, "How on earth is she ever going to = pi, I mean how many years have people been working on pi, and still not been able to figure it out? And what the hell does this damn software have to do with the circumference of some damn circle?" But then I asked kevin and he was like, she means private investigator.

 moving on to perception... I was just wondering what you guys thought about, whether one could change their perception. I know that people can get some pretty messed up perceptions on life, and I was wondering if one might change it. I was thinking of changing mine the other day, and was wondering if I should/could. reinvent oneself? change of perception? mpd? I dunno... what do you guys think?

 So we're all just a little crazy. Or maybe Tim's just had experiences with total psychos :) Anyhowie... such a fun day of work. Lack of communication/mixed signals or something just left me feeling weird about when I left work today, so hopefully I don't get in any trouble tomorrow. But if I do, it's not like I'm around much longer, as my contract is up in 2 weeks. I hope I can find some employment normalcy soon, so that area of my life would be stable so that pretty much everything else stays stable. Ah, the joys of debt. And Cliffy, that was an interesting anti-Clinton post you had there. Since you introduced politics into the blog, just remember to vote for me, Big A, for President of the United States in 2008. I can't be any worse than the others available to vote for :)

 ain't that the truth cahlen, sometimes I've been a fuckin idiot too

 I think when Tim says crazy he means, like you said, we think differently and that's cool. Once upon a time I was a stupid little kid and I fell in love with this girl. Then I dumped her because she was "weird", but now I realize that's what I loved about her... I'm a fuckin idiot....

 hahaha, so I had this whole thing written out, then blogger puked on me:P It's not that I find women are crazy all of the time. In fact most of the time they are perfectly rational. and I don't think this is limited to females. Men can be just as crazy sometimes too. Like in this past week's episode of "enterprise", when the only rational person on the planet after the pollen got stirred up, was a girl. I mean given, she was a vulcan, but the men were just totally crazy. Like Cahlen said, "you would not believe how little it takes for a persons mind to snap" or something along those lines:) Well, that's pretty much it. I can't get on MSN today:(

 I found this quote mildly entertaining... "...men have a reduced mental capacity that warps their perception of reality and ability to reason. They have a terribly deluded sense of self-importance...." -Bradley Trevor Greive

 So, you think women lack the gift of rational reasoning. And men are sooo good at it. Well, all I can say is that men and women percieve things differently, so naturally, they disagree on what is an overreaction and what is not. And I know that some girls are worse at "overreacting" than others, just as some are more emotional and flighty than others, and some are more emotionally balanced. But please don't say that women lack rational reasoning. It's just that sometimes their rational reasoning is overrided by their emotions.... like Captain Kirk.....

 hmm... crazy... how can I think of crazy... I guess my feelings on crazy are lacking of rational reasoning. not to say that one's feelings aren't rationale, sometimes they aren't though. And usually I've found it to be true mostly with girls. but the fact that he asks if it's that time of the month is bad. The fact that he doesn't argue with you means he probably doesn't think it's that big of a deal to argue about, but he shouldn't blow you off by asking if it's "that time of the month". So, maybe what I'm refering to as "craziness" is overreacting to the smallest of things. I dunno. Also, it's 11pm and I'm the last one up. Weird. PS - Weezer, Tenacious D, and Jimmy Eat World on November 15th. I'll be there, will you?

 So, what do you mean by saying that girls are "crazy?" I know that girls in general have this reputation of getting all emotional and think that their boyfriends "should be able to tell/know what is bothering them" or whatever. Is that what you mean by crazy? I think it's just that you just don't understand how we think. Or maybe you do understand how we think and you think it is "crazy." I know a guy (I won't mention any names, and no, it's not you Tim or Cahlen) that discounts anything I say when I'm a little upset because he thinks I'm making too big a deal out of such an unimportant issue... most often he asks if it's "that time of the month," as if that could discount the validity of what I'm saying to him. I have no idea whether or not any of this is making any sense to you who happen to be reading this blogg. Maybe I am just crazy. Or maybe it's just time to go to bed.

 THINK ABOUT IT! After the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, which killed six and injured 1,000; President Clinton promised that those responsible would be hunted down and punished. After the 1995 bombing in Saudi Arabia, which killed five U.S. military personnel; Clinton promised that those responsible would be hunted down and punished. After the 1996 Khobar Towers bombing in Saudi Arabia, which killed 19 and injured 200 U.S. military personnel; Clinton promised that those responsible would be hunted down and punished. After the 1998 bombing of U.S. embassies in Africa, which killed 224 and injured 5,000; Clinton promised that those responsible would be hunted down and punished. After the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole, which killed 17 and injured 39 U.S. sailors; Clinton promised that those responsible would be hunted down and punished. Maybe if Clinton had kept his promise, an estimated 7,000 people in New York and Washington, D.C. that are now dead would be Alive today. AN INTERESTING QUESTION: This question was raised on a Philly radio call-in show. Without casting stones, it is a legitimate question. There are two men, both extremely wealthy. One develops relatively cheap software and gives billions of dollars to charity. The other sponsors terrorism. That being the case, why is it that the Clinton Administration spent more money chasing down Bill Gates over the past eight years than Osama bin Laden? THINK ABOUT IT! It is a strange turn of events. Hillary gets $8 Million for her forthcoming memoir. Bill gets about $12 Million for his memoir yet to be written. This from two people who have spent the past 8 years being unable to recall anything about past events while under oath! Incredible! THINK ABOUT IT!

 We're going to Ibiza:) Not really, just listening to muzak. in other news, running was ok this morning. Gotta call the parentals today and see about $$:( Trav: tru dat, tru dat, I don't know why the older ladies like you, maybe they've realized how a good guy could be, and they got stuck with jerks? :) just a thought. also, I just got this link from JEBE about urlLink free mammograms and you should all click on this. You know I'm always in favor of saving breasts... umm... women.

 for those ladies in my life, and those reading this blog... I've discovered something in my 23 some odd years of life... Women are crazy. This is not one of those sometimes, some of em, it's pretty much all of you:) Not to say this is bad. In fact how could it be? I mean if it were all bad no one would hook up. The thing I've learned is that if you're a guy, you just need to find the girl who's level and type of craziness is compatible with yours. I mean, there's gonna be times, guys, when you'll be like, umm... what are you talking about, and she'll be like, you should know. And sometimes you gotta remember that no matter what she does, this might be the least crazy girl you'll ever meet. I remember some times when different guys in my past have been like, "Tim, I dunno if I can put up with this craziness" and to be honest, I talk bad about girls sometimes, expecially when they interfere on guy time. (IE when I want to hang out with my guy friends, but they have to go spend time with their girlfriends) But I just tell em, "Look at this wonderful girl you got. Sure she's crazy sometimes, but they ALL are. You got a good one my friend" OK, so that happened like once, but I can pretend it happened more than that:) And no, don't worry ladies, it's no one that reads this blog;) Well, check you latah, I'm getting up in 6.5 hours for running:) YAY

 Yay junk email. I just love getting spammed in my old email account. Of course, everything sent to that account is spam, for the most part, since I don't really use it anymore. At least I have a constant means of email though. Kinda like getting junk mail in the actual postal mail. It makes you feel almost alive, or at least that some junk mail list cares that you still exist. Anyhowie... yes good old slow weekends. I got to work yesterday, then I just kinda vegged the rest of the weekend. I did change some of my room around, and hook up the neighbor-piss-off-anator (aka the home theater subwoofer, at least I turned it way down). I need to win a million dollars. Or 100,000. That'd be nice too.

 hmmm... guess it's just back to me.Now for a story about Tim and "Melissa"... A long time ago (aka a few years ago) Tim was just doing the school thing and what not, when he got this random email from "melissa". She said she had found my site on the school's server and wandered if we could be friends. Tim was like "sure" but then he asked "melissa" if she had a webpage(after a few emails back and forth) and she was like sure... and then she sent me this page about this person that had a sex change operation(not that those are bad, it just really shocked me) And then there was a delay in writing and she got all like, "did I scare you?" and I was all like "no". But then later my friend sent me a link with our little conversation written out on the internet for everyone to see. Up until that point, I had no reason to believe "melissa" was not who she said she was. But then my "friend" had just been playing me. So now if I get contacted from people on the internet, I get all paranoid. Besides that, some of my real life "friends" do not like to contact me personally, they prefer to hide behind an AIM alias which has no real world connection. Unfortunately since they won't tell me who they are, I am forced to block them:( C'est la vie....

 mmm... kinda a slow weekend on the blogger anyway. Spent saturday cleaning the house(much needed). Oh and I drank a little. But nothing I couldn't handle:( Steve's gonna help me drink next week I think. Watched "The way of the gun" and "O brother where art thou?". I still love O brother, and the way was pretty good. Definately worth the 9 bucks;) I NEED CAFFEINE. ALSO, just got a phone call from someone cool;)

 I guess what I'd really like, is someone to take care of me, so I don't have to have a job:) ("Check out 'Why do I need a job' by Bare Jr. if you get a chance:)")

 Yeah, Jack Kerouac was a beatnic...

 Jack Kerouac is dead. Do you even know what a beatnic was?

 dude CAhlen, what's up with that? there wasn't any earthquake. What the fuck was it?

 Jack Kerouac is a beatnic... I wanna be a beatnic.... Beatnics are cool....

 So I just had the best time of my life ever... yes, EVER!!! Imagine this, I'm driving onto the 520 bridge in horrible traffic with cops and ambulances passing us and I'm like frick, this is gonna freakin suck. And all of a sudden my car starts shaking back and forth like freakin crazy, and I'm like, "Eh?" Then I look at the other side of the bridge and it is swinging all over the place, and then these huge ass waves shower over my car and I'm like "Eh?" So I sit there going 2 miles per hour and I'm like, "This freakin rocks!" So I turn on some Coldplay and sit there swaying back and forth like I'm in a 8.0 earthquake for atleast 30 minutes, and my car is getting drenched, and I'm just chillin' thinking, "This is the coolest moment of my life..." And then I got sea sick and almost threw up and I was like, "Freakin' A, I gotta get off this bridge..."

 I want to go to Tahiti:)

 2:30 is waaaaaaay to late, when you have to wake up by 8:(

 The one thing we yearn for in our living days, that makes us sigh and groan and undergo sweet nauseas of all kinds, is the rememberance of some lost bliss that was probably experienced in the womb and can only be reproduced at death. -Jack Keouac I think that's why I like to take baths....

 and now for another quick one, (still to be refined) Tears of Heaven- sweet irritation, cleansing rawness, chapped skin, fun splashing in puddles, rainbows, depressing gray, one moment, sad, depressed, irritable, the next, joy, gaiety, exuberant splendor, renewal, life for all, power, destruction, death

 Note: that was a first run through. So if it sucks, it's cause it hasn't been revised yet:)

 and now for a poem by Tim: Conversation with my best friend- How to explain this? I think about you everyday. Its been a year since you were taken from our lives. We were supposed to go out with Michelle and Tracy that night. We were going to see a movie. I remember how you were going to talk to Tracy about how you liked her. But that never happened. I remember walking to school and thinking how that accident seemed really bad. I remember wondering where you were. Then the principal came over the intercom and everything stopped. From that moment there has not been a moment that I dont miss you. I remember how we used to just chill and play videogames. How you would smile all the time. I remember how good you were at sports. You wouldve made varsity this year for sure. Its been one year since you were on your way to school and that lady hit you coming around a corner too fast. Shes off paying her debt. But what about you? There is no coming back. No homework to distract you. No person to call when I have a bad day. No one to talk with about her and what she might mean. I can feel Im losing you. Im sorry.

 Yeah, it's kinda quiet around here now, isn't it? Lame.

 Well... Tim's not the only one losing a job soon. The project I'm working on ends on halloween. Woo hoo! oh wait, that means I'm unemployed then too. Now if I could just find something a little more permanent to do, I'd be pretty happy. That or winning a million dollars.

 hmm... blog is boring w/o people posting:) BTW, I'm in one of those "wish my job wasn't ending in a week/need money/cool new friend/tired/want home cooked food" moods

 For those who haven't heard... I'm oughta a job on wednesday. I still have second job, but I prefer to have some sort dev job that's fun:) Well, I'm working on that poem... At least trying to:) Also, if you know of any job opportunities coming up, send me an email and I'll send you a resume:)

 "The only really happy folk are married women and single men." - Mencken

 So, I wrote this whole blogg one time already, and the dumb thing "couldn't establish a connection." And then it was all gone. So, I spouted obscenities to the computer and I'm typing it again. I found this quote in the margins of my psychology book. "I contend that nature has given males the heaviest burden of all: the burden of always having to Make the First Move, and thereby risk getting Shot Down. I don't know WHY males get stuck with this burden, but it's true throughout the animal kingdom.... It's always the male bird who does the courting dance, making a total moron of himself, while the female bird just stands there, looking aloof, thinking about what she's going to tell her girlfriends. ('And then he hopped around on one foot! Like I'm supposed to be impressed by THAT!')" Acutally, in some species, it is NOT the males birds that have to do the song and dance. But in biology, there are always exceptions.

 I finally checked out Manuel's blog today (kelley -> bro -> Man) How come he watches that WB shiznit? Oh well, he can't be all bad, he knows the JOYS of PEPSI:) PEPSI kicks ass from here to the moon:) Also, blogger is run by about 20 monkeys I think. (thanks for the scale kevin) Also, I stole urlLink this from Trav, sorry, at least I give you credit:) Also, Check out urlLink trav's site . He find's the craziest shiznit and posts it there

 In other other news... Everytime I use the urinal at the movie theatre I'm surprised when I see a website on the cake holder thing in there... (for those ladies who don't know, they put "cakes" of pine scent in the urinals to cover up the smell of urine) I just think it's funny that someone would be a webaddress on something I piss on... weird. I hope rachael is doing better:) Thanks for sharing

 hmmm.... well it seems we'll be without cliff's and kevin's input for awhile. I just want to apologize to cahlen for seeming to gang up on him, and ask him to come home sometime. I miss him:( Also, I got inspired for poetry today, so maybe later I can write it down and let you see it:) gnight

 Rocks can't think. They don't have any neural tissue.

 So, here I are, midway through the week and I am exhausted. well, I got home not before midnight on monday, and not before 10:45 and I won't get to bed tonight before 11:30, so anyway, I gotta go... TTYL

 added a poem on urlLink unwelcome hero.com So anyway, I was going to talk about compliments for girls and how I don't want to seem like a puts and tell them that they look beautiful everytime I see them, cause i think they're beautiful, but how they don't want that, so I tell them never and they don't like that either, but I don't have time, cause of how it's 1am. goodnight

 working working working... hehehe... blogging:) So they offered me a fulltime pos. here, so I think I'm goonna take it. I figure at least this way I can be all like, steady income man. And they can be like, we'll pay you regularly people. Plus I get benefits. Now If i could just get my paycheck from last week:P Nyway, still figuring out the roommate shit.and have the SPU concert tonight at Benaroya(sp?) Hall. Should be fun, also have to figure out the "tradition" thing on friday. Well, back to the trenches-

 Ok, back in WA. I love my family, but it's wonderful to be home;) I miss you all, I'll write more later.... Marc is here and Jebe and KElley, these peeps rock my world. too bad we don't get to see eachother much:(

 KAW KAW ok, I'm in OR. I left at 10am this morning and arrived at 1:20 all in all a very quick trip for the day before thanksgiving. OK really though, later that same afternoon, it took me 1 hour to drive 20 miles:P anyway, hope you are all having fun... TTYL

 Hey, I'll play... The basics: Full name: Aaron James Schmitt Name of school: Hard Knocks... :) How often do you check your email: Too many times Color of eyes: Blue-ish Hair: Light Brown-ish Height: 6' 7" Location: Monroe, WA, or as redneck hicks like to say, MawnRow Warshington Zodiac sign: Taurus Have you ever... Gotten drunk: No Gone out in public wearing your PJ's: No Missed school because of rain: No, well, I might have used that as an excuse to skip a class or 2 in college Set any body part on fire: No Kept a secret from everyone: Yes Had a crush on a teacher: No Had a New Kids on the Block tape: Hell no. Been on stage: Yes (crazy church productions). Gotten in a car accident: with me driving, 1 (someone else's fault). As a passenger many times as a kid. Favorites: Shampoo: Pert Plus Conditioner: see above Town to chill: Seattle Commercial: Sportscenter and Seattle Mariners commercials Cereal: Rice Krispies, Honey Combs, Lucky Charms TV shows: King of the Hill, Malcolm in the Middle, Cowboy Bebop Movies: Almost Famous, Field of Dreams, Moulin Rouge, Star Wars Trilogy, Karate Kid, Mononoke Hime, Tonari no Totoro, Princess Bride, and many many more. Scent: I can't think of one... Music group: U2, Poor Old Lu Favorite person to talk to online: Pretty much everyone on my IM lists First crush: Don't remember (yes I'm that old) What is on your walls: Movie Posters (Star Wars Trilogy, Princess Mononoke, Batman Forever Teaser, Saving Private Ryan), 2 advertisement type fans I got in Japan. Ever been skinny dipping: No Worst feeling on earth: Pissing someone off so bad that they stop talking to you Best feeling in the world:Hanging out with good friends Word or phrase overuse: Dude, yo, like, Get along with parents: Usually. Bedtime: 10:30pm-11:30pm What are you wearing right now: Jeans, columbia sportsware shirt, socks, undearwear Are you lonely: Not really Are you talking to someone online: Nope (they're all away) Last 24 Hours... Cut your hair: No Worn a skirt: No Been mean: Hopefully not Been sarcastic: Probably Met someone new: Yeah (in the last 36 hours that is) Fought with your parents: no First thing you thought this morning: It's 9:30 already? In the future... Where do you see yourself in 10 years: Somewhere else :) Future son's name: Mike (Michael) Future daughter's name: Xenia (it sounds cool, and it starts with X) Where do you want to live when you get married: Hopefully in a house :) When was the last time you... Wished upon a star: You can do that? wow... ;) Went to the beach at night: Summer of 1998, when I was in Japan Spent some quality time with yourself: Today Read a book for fun: September-ish Believed in yourself: I believe I believe in myself currently How long did this survey take you: a whopping 16 minutes.

 So "someone" made me promise to fill this thing out, so here it goes... Other people can do it too, not just me:) The basics: Full name: Timothy Brian Williams Name of school: umm... does this even apply anymore? (SPU) How often do you check your email: about 100 times a day, someone set up a counter 1 time and I think it was right around 100. Color of eyes: brown Hair: umm... brown Height: 5'10" last time I looked anyway Location: Bothell or as my gay roommate liked to call it, BAWWWWWTHHHUUULLL Zodiac sign: scorpio Have you ever... Gotten drunk: nope, never;) Gone out in public wearing your PJ's:all the time Missed school because of rain: yeah Set any body part on fire: not that I can recall, but maybe before I can recall Kept a secret from everyone: yeah, at least twice Had a crush on a teacher: hell, no Had a New Kids on the Block tape: nope. Been on stage: kinda, see there was this time when I was "expressive" and they had a play for the "special" kids (as far as I can tell) and I got to play a lead:) Gotten in a car accident: 3 times, 2 times my fault Favorites: Shampoo: Thermasilk Conditioner: umm... Herbal essences Town to chill: To date, I'd have to say Bath. Commercial: discovery channel's "atmosphere" Cereal: umm... Frosted Flakes, TTTTtthhhhhheeeeeyyyyy'rrrreeeee GREAT!! TV shows: Enterprise/The Tick/Older X-Files/Sunday Night Fox Movies: Moulin Rouge, Cowboy Bebop, Lord of the Rings(hopefully) ... Scent:victoria secret Pear Music group: Jewel? (she's not really a group more like a Goddess) Favorite person to talk to online: can't really say I have a favorite, although Kevin is fun cause he and I can both stop writing for like 3 hours and then come back to the convo:) First crush: Marion Vote What is on your walls: Jewel, Yoda, Tomb Raider Ever been skinny dipping: I don't recollect Worst feeling on earth: Having to shoot your only friend in the back of the head cause he's retarded and keeps killing people Best feeling in the world:I'm guessing sex, but I'm knowing spending time with someone you like Word or phrase overuse: Fuck shit ass muthafucka Get along with parents: yeah...all four of them. Bedtime: I try and get to sleep by midnight, but I can't usually What are you wearing right now: boxers, shorts, socks, "freak" T-shirt Are you lonely: no Are you talking to someone online: not right now:) Last 24 Hours... Cut your hair: no Worn a skirt: maybe:) Been mean: no Been sarcastic: nope :) Met someone new: uh uh Fought with your parents: no First thing you thought this morning:aww shit, another day In the future... Where do you see yourself in 10 years: hehehe, world traveller Future son's name: John Future daughter's name: Amber Where do you want to live when you get married: hmm... don't care When was the last time you... Wished upon a star: can't remember, I think I was 7 Went to the beach at night: umm... long time ago Spent some quality time with yourself: 4 years ago? maybe 5:) oh wait, I did live with Steve for a while;) Read a book for fun: this morning Believed in yourself: now How long did this survey take you: 21 mins Do you want your friends to send this back to you with their info? nah, they could just blog it...

 How come no one ever tells my house that there's a fucking meteor shower? I mean really people you could give us some warning

 PS- Paul and tarah's wedding was cool, I drew on the program and got to see lots o'peeps that I hadn't seen in a long time. Weirdly enough, alot of them were looking for work:(

 note to selves: Listen to Mudhoney - Acetone

 Someone recently asked me if I believe that there is 1 person out there for us. I had to respond like this... Yes and No, I did believe in the 1 true love thing, a while ago. However, I no longer believe in it. I believe that we make the love. We can create and destroy the love. There is no 1 person you must find. No predestination, Bill Gates was not predestined for the power he has. He took it. hmm... sorry, got a little off track. I think that you can love multiple people. There are people that I will forever love, they have taken part of my heart with them. (I think there are 5 girls, but maybe only 4, i forget the exact count and I try not to think of them) I think no matter who you love, there will always be work involved in the relationship sometime or another. I mean you can't be in "love" forever, but you can love someone forever. Do you even understand what I'm saying? Anyway, Harry potter was awesome, followed the book extremely well. "But I've never even been to Mars"

 EEk EEk, I'm a monkey

 Demotivators kick ass! check this one out: urlLink ignorance or this one: urlLink loneliness . For more, go to urlLink www.despair.com

 DUDE!!!! That show WAS the shiznit... Those fuckers rocked my socks off... But now my feet are bloody hurting. OUch, well time to watch movie with kevin... Night

 Just wanted to give a shout out to everyone. I'm chillin' at kevin's computer at his work, waiting for him to get out of a meeting. Cause we're going to go see the D tonight, along with Weezer and Jimmy Eat world. I'm so excited!!!! (*dork*) Anyway, I'll check you guys latah

 I'd post more, but what am I going to blog about? It's not like there's a whole lot happening with me these days... let's see, get up, look for jobs a few times during the day (online), play some games and whatnot, and go to bed. I lead a thrilling life. Oh, and Tim, don't forget the 1st step of being an alky, denial. :)

 A couple more things I guess... So I won racquetball tonight. And while I was doing laps on the track I got started wondering why people would pick me as a friend. I didn't come up with any particular reason, except I must've tricked em good. I mean God knows I don't open up to people. Jameson makes me warm. Also, Mary, why is it Larry? LcCorkle? I mean, I'm just curious:) Did you have an operation? Like a name transplant or something?

 so, someone has been bugging me about blogging, so I figured I'd waited long enough:) Well, actually, I'm supposed to go watch "Enterprise" now, but now I'm back from that:) weird how I can leave and come back and just keep typing like no time past and now you're reading this, like, "Tim you're on crack, it's the same damn message." So, when I got the mail yesterday, Marc had sent us a postcard of a topless girl on a beach and was like, "I read a lot at the beach here", and then today when I got the mail there was a postcard for Austin. This one had a dude on the front and said, "Hey Austin, this beach has lots of topless men on it, it's pretty cool, you should come visit it" I almost pissed my pants I was laughing so hard. N - E - way, I'm drinking a little Jameson tonight, just to keep me warm of course;) I'd say I was turning into an alky, but this is the first drink I've had in like a week and a half, so I wouldn't say that I am, but I'm doing like 2 of the 4 signs. Drinking by myself, and only drinking hard shit. So, I've been really busy at work recently, my site went live. So I've been maintaining it. Trying to keep it running. Had to come home early today, because my brain broke down. (You know that time when you are overwhelmed with work to the point of not being able to function, that's the point I was at) So I came home and bought the new Jewel album, much kicking of the ass:) Also got to play with the game cube, which I want more time with, cause I think it'll be much kick ass. (Played Rogue Squadron, very fun) So, I'm really looking forward to the Tenacious D/Weezer/Jimmy Eat world concert tomorrow night. IT should kick some major boot. Well, I think I've blogged enough for right now, I'll check you dogs latah... PS - I just checked Sunday hero and was shocked to see she'd changed her layout once again. I guess I'm just a guy that likes my layout, I think the blue helps to neutralize any angry feelings:)

 no reading:( I have no time:( Could I also tell you how I'd like to be independently wealthy? Then I could stay home and play with my roommates all the time. oh well, on the plus side I got my car refinanced.

 So now that I'm 24 and people like me again... I figured I should start blogging again... Went up to the Lee's yesterday and celebrated the bday with them. Got, Grave of the Fireflies, for my bday, still need to watch it. It's about midnight on sunday night/monday morning, and I just got done watching "snatch" in my room with big A. Now kevin is playing GT3. Over the past couple of days I've gotten, SSX Tricky, THPS3, Devil May Cry, and Spyhunter. Talk about being busy. I think we need more PS2's in the house:) Also, I haven't heard from Brad, so I need to call him. Also, I finally got the games from the amazon. Those bitches. I'm watching some ifilms, right now, they're way funny. Also, I just wanted to talk about how I love women. and how i do not understand them. But I think I've already talked about those two before, so I won't bore you. And another thing, Weezer is gonna rock....

 oh yeah, and I'm loving XP so far, it is very fun

 urlLink FUNNIEST SHIT EVER!!!!

 So another postless 24 hours... amazing. It must be just a dead time for writing for people. I had a pretty awesome evening last night, hanging out with friends I haven't seen for a while. Another one of my friends is engaged... I can't believe it. I guess that's what happens when you don't get a chance to see someone for 6 months or so... wow. It was fun to talk finally though, after such a long time. It's amazing what can happen when you just decide to hang out and spontaneously call people :)

 Wow... no posts in 24 hours. So anyways... I was going through my files and stuff on my computer, and stumbled across a bunch of old sent mail from like 4 years ago. So I started reading everything, and it was pretty crazy, just seeing what I was thinking/going through back then, and how much I've changed (some for the good, some for the bad). It's pretty cool to have this sort of record of thoughts from back then. I'm glad I saved everything. On the job front, it's oh so encouraging to see about 15 whole new jobs posted this weekend. Wow... yeah, we're not in a recession or anything right now. riiiighhhtt.

 DAMN YOU GUYS!!! Best movie month this year = December... I know a lot of good movies have come out recently, but just look at the dates... Dec. 18 = Moulin Rouge hits DVD, You know I HAVE to own this movie. Especially since I DO consider it one of the greatest films ever. Dec. 19 = LORD OF THE RINGS hits theatres nationwide. These will be my 2 favorite movie days I believe. Also, I think maybe they'll do a midnight showing of LOTR at Cinerama and you know I'm all over that, if I can get tickets. I mean it's fuckin' LOTR. Oh so my yesterday... I went to church in the morning with Big A and Cliff and Hannah. Then we went to Thai food afterward. mmmm... Thai food. (items ordered: vegi Red Curry***, something fire**, cashew chicken***, and Pud Thai Chicken**:)) Then we went and saw Monsters, Inc at Oaktree. It was fun, and we got to see the Episode 2 teaser. Then we came back here and I got a headache, so I was in bed from 6pm till 7:15 this morning. hmm.... my birthday is on saturday, in case anyone was curious:) Have a good day everyone...

 umm... Amidy, it's "Darby O'Gill and the little people" not Derby

 in the dream I play an almost 24 yr old male looking for a job... Actually in all accounts, the dream me would seem real in this dream world... "Today's story is called, 'Albert the clown', written by Andy, age 29. Wonder who that could be? There was once this funny clown and his name was Albert. Sometimes people tried to be CUTE and pronounce his name in french, which was 'Al-bear'. People did this so much that Albert started believing he WAS bear. He moved to the forest of the Northwestern United States, to live on nuts and berries. Soon, 'Al-bear', became a tall hairy man with long hair and fingernails and bare feet. Because he was an ex-clown, he had BIG, HUGE FEET. Today 'Albert the clown' is better known as big foot. So the next time you're camping in the great Northwest, remember to raise a big 'Hey-diddly-o' to 'Al-bear'." - urlLink Brak

 I'm Mark, I'm an eskimo...

 in some weird twist of fate, what is real? I'm pretty much sure I'm a figment of someone's imagination... But I couldn't be forsure. This dream sure is interesting. Maybe cahlen is on to something. (his loving sleep, kevin too)... What if we're living a dream, and at night we go and lie in our beds and wake up. When in this dream we think we're awake... Oh what an interesting thought....

 They can't even ship 3 silly things on time. NOoooooo, They have to wait 3 days after something comes out and then not ship it till like the next day and you really wanted it for the weekend but do you get it for the weekend? NooooOOOooooo... FUCK YOU AMAZON!!!

 FUCK AMAZON!!!

 another day, another drachma... well, not today, actually, today was no drachma:( Oh well, told Austin that we don't really like his choice of replacement and that we're looking for our own guy. C'est la vie. oh well, I'm really hungry.

 So it's my first day of unemployment again, too bad I couldn't sleep in. Argh! stupid body clock waking me up at 6:30. The fun of looking for a job begins again, at least I've already submitted a couple of resumes.

 Happy New Year Well, almost anyway. It's work day for Tim!!! WOoohooo!!!! :P Anyway, I went to the sonics game on saturday night. It was sweeeet. 13th row. Free Beer and food. fun time by all (cliff was there). Then we went to the music store to wait for traffic to die down, and Gary Payton came in and was looking through the DVDs. It was soooo cool:) Yesterday, I played games with cliff till around 6:30 when Marc came over and we went and ate mongolian food. Then Cliff went to Hannah's and Marc and I played Galactic Battlegrounds. Then we watched Malcolm in the middle, which was funny, but I think it was a rerun. Afterwards we watched the last half of Half baked. and then marc went home and I finished up my second year of football. Now it's new years eve and I'm at work. Check you latah- T

 mmmm.... tits:) hehehe.... well I went to some bars tonight with cliff and Corey. And there was this girl there. She was pretty muscular and had on this tiny little t-shirt that said hustler. Anyway, she did this little dance thing with her ass and tits and then occasionally she would lift up her shirt to reveal, no bra:) I was the only one watching (of the 3 of us) so cliff and Corey were both disappointed:) oh, maybe next time:)

 Thanks for taking care of that crazy code thing. Oh, and I agree about talking people at movie theaters. Or Cell Phone users, little kids running around/talking/kicking seats/crying, laser pointer users, etc. They should all be summarily smacked by everyone else in the audience on they're way out. Kinda like that movie commercial that shows the person getting pegged by stuff while talking on a cell phone.

 movie annoyance Tonight, as I watched fellowship of the ring again, I had the privilage of sitting next to a very pleasant chap. That is to say, after talking on his cell phone during the previews, quite loudly, to billy bob, he proceeded to talk to his girl throughtout the movie. What I especially enjoyed, was when he pulled out his chewing tabacco. Fortunately he had snuck in a can of pop so he had a place to spit, otherwise who knows where it might have ended up. Needless to say, I didn't thoroughly enjoy sitting next to mr. "breathes extremely loud". Maybe next time I'll not see it in Woodinville, perhaps that would help. christmas/workmas I'm back from christmas at home. I went home friday evening around 9 pm.WEnt to a kick ass party at Amidys on saturday night. Unfortunately, i lost my voice that night, plus I had to get up at 5:30 to drive down to fuckin corvallis. Oh well, I got to see my grammie. She has alzheimers a little. So she can't really remember people. On monday my work called, even though I was in OR, to tell me the network was down, even though there was someone in seattle that was on call. So I worked for 30 mins on monday. Joy. For christmas I got, Shrek, Episode 1, Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure, and final fantasy. Oh and I got some clothes and a gift card for target and some cashola. Not a bad christmas, but I really need to be at work tomorrow for a full 10 hours. So I'm going now. TTYL- T

 alright, I know you're sick and all, but take the damn onmouseover open window command out of the code. It's pretty annoying, in case you couldn't tell.



 crowds Did I ever tell you how much I enjoy my solitude. or maybe how much I hate the crowds at stores and malls? Sometimes I think that children should have to remain at home, then they wouldn't be running into me at the store. Thank God I got my christmas shopping done. And the presents are wrapped. Tomorrow the neices and nephews show up.... *sigh* I'm still sick but at least I got drugs. Looking forward to the party tonight. I think my mom wanted me to be all excited about the presents for me under the tree. It was just difficult getting excited after driving down, being sick, and the shit hanging over my head right now. you know? Sometimes it feels like all I do is complain. I'm sorry. I wish I could be more jovial:( maybe next year. T

 Drugged and Awestruck so I saw Lord of the Rings, Fellowship of the ring, twice last night. It was so awesome. It makes me want to see the next one. AWESOME is probably the only way I can describe it. Unfortunately, all week I've been staying up late and getting up early and now I'm sick. Fortunately, I have dayquil to give me a buzz:)

 Ahh... How come, as a society, have we replaced 'why' with 'how come'? I mean I was thinking about this last night as I drifted off to bed and I was thinking how little sense 'how come' means. I mean, really, where did it come from? How come we can use 'how come'? or why don't we just use 'why'? or why do we use 'how come'? How come we don't use 'why'? weird, 4 sentances with basically the same meaning... HOW COME?!?!?!

 How come women can be like, 'You don't pay me enough attention?' I mean, after all you've done for her? You tell her you love her, you spend free time with her. You buy her flowers. What do you want? How can we make you know that we love you, yet not have to spend every ounce of energy trying to prove it. Can you not just be delighted in knowing we love you? Why is it any time I want to spend any time with my friends you say, "You don't care about me, just go do whatever you want to do..." and then turn a cold shoulder. Do you honestly believe that that makes us want to spend more time with you? Grow up! Don't make us always decide what we're going to do. If there's something you'd like to do, then TELL US. we aren't living in the 20's, you can tell us what you'd like to do, you don't have to be content with whatever we plan to do. God knows it would help us alot. Thanks- Guys

 I'd like a vacation... I think a few days on a beach drinking rum with my friends would be excellent right now.... Also, Mary, you should move to New Zealand, it'd give me another reason to visit:)

 well, I really want to watch sopranoes, but kevin is talking on the phone to jenny and building his computer. :( oh well, I guess I'll go play games

 Another day, Another Drachma... The boss is finally out of town. My coworker isn't in yet, cause it's 11 and the boss is out of town. Anyway, My diet is going ok. I'm caffiene free. I resisted pizza last night, for a salad. and some jello. mmm... jello. Anyway, gotta run, at least look busy for the coworkers.

 hmm... have I kept you waiting long enough? where are people? Austin moved out. Dejah is in Belize. I'm coming out of my "no caffiene" coma. All in all a pretty normal week:) I haven't turned on my computer at home since monday morning. so hopefully the electric will be less next month. :) Anyway, 1 week till LOTR. I'm pretty damn stoked. Saw, Ocean's 11 last weekend, twice. Do you think I liked it? I thought it was good, but there were some times when I knew what was happening. Well, Jarred is trying to convince me to become a screenwriter, so maybe I'll do that. It sounds like a fun job. Peace

 It's true, I'm an anime whore. Plus I've put in 40 hours this week so far:) I need to go to bed. Also, I updated my amazon wish list... a little and then there's the new time waster: urlLink laser game

 So the job market is kinda interesting. The same day I get an email about a position being filled, I hear from a game company that wants me to register with their career center (unfortunately they're located in NY if I remember correctly). I don't know how much good it will do me, but what the heck, considering I'm running outta cash.

 ...and thus, Kevin returned to the blog. (smiley face) :)

 well, I had a really good topic to write about, but I forget what it was... I only worked 10 hours today, hahaha, only:) I need to go to bed, so I'll check you latah- T

 So it's sunday night now... Yesterday my internet went down until an undisclosed time, but it turns out, it was just until today. It's been a super busy weekend. Brad bailed, so we're looking for a roommate. Marc might be thinking about it, but I doubt he'll accept. Even for a few months:( Cliff has someone interested, so we'll see about him. Friday night, I went to tradition, but it was mostly boring, but I got to see lots of cool people. Then on saturday I cleaned up the downstairs. and dejah came over and we watched, X, Emporer's new groove, and 2 episodes of Neon Genesis Evangelion. It was fun. After I dropped of Dej, I came home and watched, Zero Effect with Kevin and Cliff. It was fun, but I stayed up way too late (3:30 am) Got up for church at 9:30 (actually got up at 9:50) and then we got to church at 11am(it only starts at 10:30:) Oh well, it was fun. Then I had lunch at Rosita's and then went to REI with Dej. Worked from 3 - 4 then went home and saw "Spy game" with Kevin and Craig. It was a good movie, but I can only handle Craig in very small doses. Ugh, anyway, I watched Malcolm and Simpson's with Cahlen then we came down here and watched the last 2 episodes of Evangelion. I wan't to watch them all, but unfortunately dejah doesn't have them all for me to borrow:( Well, I've now rambled and made a huge post, when I can't even read huge posts:( And now, I'm watching Gunbuster episode 3 on the internet, so what can I say? I'm an anime slut:) Catch you on the flip side:) T

 Another day... Woohoo!!! Can I just tell you how excited I am for Microsoft!!!!! Anyway, I sent an email to Houck to see how he was doing, and it turns out he's still working for urlLink Dark Horse Comics and he's coming up next week sometime. Well, as you may or may not know, I love comic books (even though i was never allowed to have them when I was younger cause of the devil), and anyway, he's gonna bring me some:) YAY!!! Also, I wanted to point out that my friend urlLink Nate got a blog going. So I just want to give a shout out to all my peeps and tell ya to go give Nate a visit:) Peace- T

 alot, a lot, there, their, they're, your, you're these are the words that I cannot use in correct context for the life of me. (I know that alot is not a word, but I still use it, in fact I use a lot very often) :) Does it make me a hypocrite? I mean, should I have to live in a world where my boss cannot spell routine, and then he misspells it like 420 times? yet, since I can't spell "a lot", I am a hypocrite? (PS- I can't spell hypocrite either) Well, I'm done on my little spelling defense, peace out- T

 HAPPY DAYS ARE HERE AGAIN Got the call from MS, I'm going back on monday the 11th. Woohoo!!! I told this company I was leaving and they're like, ok, we need to get our budget figured out anyway. Now, I'm just like, "Woohoo!!!" Anyway, I still haven't found "Intro: a 23 yr old virgin" anywhere:(

 APB This is an all points bulletin.... If you have a copy of the first draft of my introduction sitting on your computer somewhere, please send it to me ASAP. Mine seems to have disappeared. Thank you- T

 Also, I was just talking with Nate (whose wife thinks I'm addicted to computers and not books so I thought I'd let you all in on my response to that) Basically, it's the "If I had unlimited time and resources question" or better known as "If I won the lottery question" If I won the lottery... I would buy 3 houses... In one house I would have my friends, my TV's, my video games, my Computers, all my technical stuffs. (1st house) In one other house, I would have a library, and a fireplace. (2nd house) In my 3 house, I would have my pool, my pool table and my other fun shiznit. (3rd house) So I would live in the first house, invite my friends to my 3rd house for fun times(also have wild parties there) and then retreat to my 2nd house whenever I was feeling like I wanted to get away. So my explanation for not reading as much as i can right now, is that I am too distracted and do not have enough time right now to both be sociable and read alot... Ahh, it's good to dream.

 pics So I put up some more pictures, these are of my 22nd bday, ahh only 2 years ago:) :) urlLink Enjoy these pics Peace out

 mouth noises I have recently relearned that making farting noises with your mouth can be really fun. :) pbbttthh!!

 fun sites jarred sent me that you should all go to:) urlLink site 1 urlLink site 2 ENJOY

 let it snow The weather outside is frightful... you know the rest. Anyway, I'm scanning some pictures cause I want to update my urlLink Unwelcome hero as I have not done that in quite some time. For those of you just turning in. It's snowing outside, and I'm hoping to work from home at least a little tomorrow. It's finally sticking to the roads, but not our driveway. Weird. So anyway, I got an email from urlLink my friend , and figured that was a good reason enough to send you all(you know who you are, all my invisi-friends:)) to her. So there. Also, you'll notice my shameless plug earlier about my unwelcome hero. I'm thinking of putting part of my intro for my book up... we'll see how drunk I get tonight;) (that's where cliff and his friends went, to buy alky:) $125 worth :P WooHOO!!! Well, I'll check you latah- T

 Addicted It's true, I am addicted to books. They are my crack. I need my fix. It seems to me that there would be some sort of help group for this. but I did a search on google and was unable to find anything.... Please help!!! (BTW, I just ordered "American Gods" from Amazon) help, please...

 Misspelling:) I would like to take this moment to thank Mary for her honest and helpful reply to my misspelling:) Thank you mary:) also, I'd like to give a shout out to all the imaginary people reading this blog. Without you, I don't know if I could go on. Heck, I'll even give a shout out to the real people that read this blog:) Peace- T

 Disdain - The feeling Tim has for his boss. here it is again, I almost called in sick today. I wish I had. Oh well, the other guy called in sick today, so I guess it's good I showed up. For some Odd reason, I feel that setting up my voicemail isn't that important... Of course it might have to do with the fact that I know I'm leaving, and my boss doesn't. Damn 2 week notifications. Anyway, I am back on my "wanting to write" stick, but am yet somehow distracted by other things(final fantasy). I hope Amidy had a nice time on her birthday weekend. I didn't get out much cause of the snow. check you guys later- T

 Mmm.... The Weekend:) Had another "all nighter" last night, that is, I went to sleep around 6am after playing Final Fantasy all night long. Then got up at 12:30 and played until like 2 when I ate. It started snowing around 3:10 and kevin and I went and saw Orange County. Not as funny as I was hoping, but it was kinda a feel good movie I guess. So I don't know the point where I became cynical of movies.... (saw a preview for some shitty looking movie about a kid that gets a watch that speeds up the user) I mean, I'm thinking that I wouldn't even go to that movie if someone paid me, well, maybe if they were paying me to write a review of it, so I could stop other people from seeing it. *sigh* oh well, On the other hand, we(kevin, Jarred, and I) watched urlLink Buckaroo Banzai last night. That was a funny ass movie. Probably would have enjoyed it better drunk, but you can only be drunk so much;) Hmm... speaking of which, I haven't spoken to my girls in awhile. (probably cause they found out that I call them my girls:)) Plus, I've been working nonstop and all that shit:P Gotta bug the Volt lady about videogames again this week. Gotta work on my resume tomorrow. Peace- T

 So, when I got home last night, I go out to get the mail and I hear this "hissing" coming from my car. So it turns out that it's my left rear tire. I moved it down to the bottom of the driveway(flat part in the road). So this morning I get to change the tire and take it to urlLink discount tires again. (note: see wednesday for the last time I had to go to discount tires to fix a flat) Why can't seattle have streets that don't eat my tires? I mean it, it's like every God Damn place I go in this city, there's fuckin potholes everywhere. in logical progression(in tim thought anyway) I AM anal about spelling. I keep on bugging the receptionist about the copier tracking sheet that read "Lazer printer". I mean really, fucking Z's in Laser? It's that kind of shit that pisses me off:) Also, have i told you like how I work with these people that couldn't spell their way out of a bag? Like my boss, he's always mispelling shit, and then he can't write anything that anyone could read. People are all asking each other, "WHAT THE FUCK is THAT word?" this concludes my rantings for right now:) I gotta go change a tire...

 and now we're down to 100 KB left... :) You check the time stamps:)

 So I quit typing and the damn thing stopped, but now it's going again. Stupid computer. Just about to hit the half way mark. There, did you feel it? I did, and boy, did it feel good:) (Never mind the dork behind the controls folks, he's just a bit sleepy)

 So today, it's Win2k Server, but it's still having network issues that seem to work when I'm connected to Blogger, but not when I'm not:P Oh well, more fun for my peeps that read this shit I guess:) Fuckin, DSL/41minutes to install IE6, my ass And the sad thing is you know, is that it SHOULD be faster. I mean it wouldn't be so bad if you thought it was supposed to take this long. I mean this shit on any other computer in the office only took like 5-10 minutes. But here, on this POS, I'm stuck with 37 minutes left:P Oh well, at least it means I'll type more;) I'm going to Squish and Dan's on the 12th if anyone wants to come. They said to invite you:) (ok, they only named 2, but I'm sure they're cool with meeting new peeps;)) Also, they got a house, so there should be enough room for us all. Well, it's true, the more I type the faster it goes. So, I'm now also downloading, urlLink this piece of spam shit that my boss paid for. That's actually been my entire job over the past 2 days. Get a computer that he can Terminal Service into and set up that program on.... The sad thing, the program is downloading at 83 KB/sec, the fuckin IE6 more like 10KB/sec:P You'd think MS, being across the lake as it is would be faster, but NOoooOOOOoooo, poop on them:) Jeopardy theme song... "Do do do do Do Do Doooo, Do do do do DO, do do do do do...." Would somebody please STOP THE INSANITY????!?!?!?! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)

 I would like to take this moment and let urlLink Amidy know that urlLink her blogger takes WAY WAY WAY too fucking long to load.

 also, the update seems to be going faster when I'm logged into blogger, so I'm gonna continure to type till it gets done... :) basically, now I'm the guy at work everyone comes to to get shit done. A computer breaks, ask Tim, the internet goes down, ask Tim. There's a pregnant lady giving birth in the lobby, ask tim. :) hehehe, OK so the damn thing stopped again. Windows update sucks, when it gets stuck. And another thing, we lose internet connectivity here, way too damn much. Like at least once a week now. FUCKER, it got stuck at 964, AGAIN!!!! Now, I'm a grumpy grape. :(

 ok, so this computer is dumb ass slow. and I can't fiugre out why. It takes an hour to download, a 2 meg file over a dsl line? Stupid ass computer:P anyway, as long as this update doesn't crash again, I'll be happy. Check ya- T

 Another DAy, another 9000 drachma... Well, I'm losing air in my right front tire, so I have to go to discount tires today. it'll be a nice break from the monotony of rebuilding this damn computer:) catch you latah- T

 daria is dead:( I forgot to mention it last night after I watched the end of daria. This is sad. Check out urlLink this article on MSN

 weird ass dreams So it all starts out that I'm going to a movie(weird;)) Anyway, we get to the place the movie was playing(it was an old movie, so it wasn't playing at a theater. Turns out, it's playing at the charismatic, non-denominational church that I went to during my fomative years. (aka 6 - 13) Anyway, I get there and there's some typical seattle people hanging out for when the shows gonna start. (shows gonna start at like 7pm and it's only like 4) (I figure the movie is pretty popular with people getting there so early) Anyway, I go talk to some girls and take a drag off their roach, then I'm like I'll be back. So I head for the church and I see this girl that I used to like back in HS. And I'm like, what're you doing here, what's going on.... blah blah blah, and she's heading into the church so I follow her. Well, it turns out that there's a service going on right now, and I'm like, what the fuck, might as well. So I follow her in and sit in the back, half facing away from the preacher. Well, basically, I sit through the service and am about to leave and go chill withh those girls before the show. But as I'm leaving, I pass my mom (in my old kitchen, which of course was never in that church building, but somehow ended up there in a dream?!?!) And she's like, the movie's not playing tonight. And I'm like, "C'mon mom, everyone is here to see it", and she's like "No, I'm making diner and Fred is coming over to catch up on old times" (now the thing is, Fred was like this guy that my mom found solace with right after my dad left, in like 1980, so it's not like I even remember the guy, and what is he doing in my dream?) So I go outside and tell all these peeps that the movie's not going to be shown, and they're all sad. But then later I gave oral pleasures to that girl who I smoked with... and then my alarm went off. Quite a night for the old Tim:)

 hmm... well, I'm a 4.7 on hot or not .com :( C'est la vie. I'm drunk again. After "BRotherhood of the wolf" today at 5:30 Corry(our new roommate) and me went out. We went to Hooters and McCormicks and Paragon and Pesos. Needless to say I had a lot to drink. Basically, I told Corry to take off saturdays so we could go to bars on hopping nights, but that's not going to happen. Also, Cahlen is a mother fucker. He gets FFX yesterday, then he takes it home with him today. Basically, I hate him:P I'm tired and my teeth feel funny:) Check you latah- T

 And the whole world loves it when you sing the blues, bah, bop bop, ba da Sorry, just been listening to a little Outkast recently;) So yeah, I've been working my ass off, I guess it has to do with the fact that I'm leaving, but also, ALL the shit I've gotten assigned to me. My coworker is complaing cause he doesn't want me leaving him with the boss from hell, but I'm moving to greener pastures. I got to work at 7 yesterday, and I'm shooting for 8 today:P UGh, I'm gonna go in late on friday I think. Anyway, Hope you are all having a good time. Check you latah- T

 Sorry for being silent the last week n a half or so. I've been working my ass off!!!

 Another weekend.... Well, I'm working on this beautiful saturday afternoon. We got a new roommate, Cory. He's cool. It's all mundane work, but I like the fact that I don't have to think, I can just print and stack. Print and stack. Watched Twin peaks first 4 episodes last night. Very interesting show. Well, back to the daily grind:) T

 I am the candy man:) Well, really happy new years now. :) So, I partied at eric's last night. That means that we drank lots, but I think this cold is fucking with me or something because I swear I can't get really drunk anymore. It's kinda sad for me really:( I mean if I get drunk it's for like 5 minutes. Anyway, I have to drive cliff to issaquah in like 20 to get his car. We decided to car pool back to our house after cliff was drunk. It was cool, we went the speed limit the whole way and didn't have any problems. I got an email from MS yesterday and they want me to play videogames for them again, to which I'm pretty sure that I'm going to say yes to. I mean it's videogames and room for promotion, whereas this job that I have now is like, no room for growth, but you can put down a kickass job title if you want:P Well, after drinks, cards and xbox at Erics we came back here and talked with the Kelley, Justin, Amidy, Jebe and Kevin. Which was fun, but we stayed up till 4:30 and now it's 12:12 and I have to drive cliff to his car to get to work on time. He's all hung over:( But I'm listening to Aqua, so everything is dum de da de da:) Roses are red, violets are blue, honey is sweet, but not as sweet as you:) -Aqua

 Dads Went to mine this weekend. Going to go visit Big Steve in San Diego in April. That'll be fun. Finished American Gods and the star wars book I was reading. Now I'm reading the princess bride. It's pretty good. Reminds me a lot of the movie:) Funny and all:) Anyway, I got better games to test this week. So that's really happy. Catch y'all latah

 ahh 4 page reports:) So, we've been playing this game this week that isn't stable. That means it'll crash for no apparent reason. Which is fun:) Plus they only have the 1st mission complete so once you're done with it, blah blah blah, you get the point. Needless to say, I ran out of work on tuesday, and mostly am just flying around hoping it doesn't crash. So, our fridge started leaking at my house. That was pretty exciting. The landlord is coming on saturday to fix it. At least this way he'll think we we're doing dishes cause of the water being out. Instead of whoever that doesn't do their dishes. So, I've been getting home at 11 and then I get up at 6:30. It's pretty damn tiresome. Hope you all are doing good. PS - "American Gods" rocks PPS - it's a book

 Home went home this weekend. Mom's bday. it was nice, but I'm tired. Went and saw super troopers last night. It was super funny. laughed my ass off the entire time throughout the movie. My ass shrunk 3 sizes:) well, time for videogames- T

 and now, a look at the upbringing of me (aka how come you can't meet any nice guys) growing up in our christian households we're told that as soon as you have sex you're going to get AIDS. or at least some sort of STD. Then you'll have to live with that for the rest of your days. And then, even if you find someone that you won't get an STD from, then you'll get her pregnant and you don't want a kid now do you? Then there's the 80's when it seemed like everytime I saw a movie the women didn't want to have sex with the man and then he got thrown in jail. and so it seemed like there was no woman that wanted to have sex, so if you ever tried anything with a girl, she was going to be like, Date Rape. So don't even try it. Then when you get out in the real, real world. (aka after college, or in college if you don't go to a private christian university, or aren't me) then you realize that girls wanna have sex also, but you've had it drilled into you since you were just a little kid, and you can't figure out what to do. I mean you're as horny as hell, but you're so scared of gettin some disease, you're left an outcast, by your own choosing.

 RECON!!!! Ahh... games:)

 A very Anime day. Well, I got my manga today. (Comics for the illinformed) Back-up, wake at 8:30, couldn't sleep any longer. Go get oil changed at 10 in order to be home for Houck's visit at 11:45ish. Oil change gets done at 12:30, Houck's waiting when I get home. Get Manga:) Eat lunch with Kevin and Houck at Olive Garden(Cafe Veloce was closed) Back to the house for a little Simpsons road rage. Next stop, Jarred's for reading Manga/comics/books/slam dunk contest. 7:45 - dinner at piecola's(sp?) 9:10 - Metropolis (Excellent movie) 11:30 - drive home:) (Cliff got yelled at by the crazy lady 2 doors down, "FUCK YOU CRAZY LADY") Thumbs hurt from too much comic book reading. OUch.

 heh ok, so I've talked to lots of people online. (well, my buddy list is like 46 strong, given I don't talk to all of them, but some) Anyway, I was just wondering what the FUCK "heh" means. I mean, I've talked to about 10 people that use it. Are you trying to say Hey? or are you almost laughing? like, "heh, that was almost funny enough for a hehe, but you're a fuckin tard, so I'll only give you a heh". So if someone could please explain this mysterious word for me, I would be most appreciative.

 In other news I really need to sit down with Nate and teach him some HTML. I get all whiggidy whacked when I go to his page:) When I came home tonight, someone had cleaned the entryway, and also the yard abit. weird. Blackalicious is kickin my ass:)

 Pete's So, I had an ok day at work. Basically since I don't care if anything gets done, I've become a lot less stressed. Had dinner at Pete's Calzone and pizza place. I love that shit. It's the best. It was good to see Dej again. Been like forever since I saw her last. Also, Megan was there. In case you can't remember she was the waitress there way back when I started going. It was weird cause we had the Pete's combo pizza with breadsticks and pepsi, and she's all like, you're still getting that. and I'm like yep, haven't changed. But really, I usually order like calzone with feta cheese and sundried tomatoes, it's just tonight I felt like pizza. Sometimes I wish I were a performing artist. Singer/Guitarist/Speaker Sometimes

 superbowl?/Whatever So the superbowl was "interesting". Ate lotsa food and drank lotsa pop. In case Trav still reads my blog occasionally, I believe "brim full of Asha" by "cornershop" is the song you're looking for. at least that's what a urlLink friend told me. Also, my boss is a tard. I don't remember how many times I've told him to run a program from the server, but it has to have been a lot!!! But today, I get like a 20 min Voicemail about how he's going to blow his top if he can't run it, and he's tried everyway imaginable to run it, so Tim you must unfuck it up. Ass

 1 down, 1 to go Had a party last night. Well, it started at 2, and I was drunk by 3. But I didn't stop drinking till 10. So, it was a fun party:) Also, we cleaned the garage(at least figured out what was trash, and what wasn't) yesterday morning. And now, we're hanving a super bowl party today. So that should be fun. WE're having Pizza, pop, and chips. Maybe even a bit of a pool. (we'll see) Well, I'm gonna try and get over this "headache" Peace- T PS- So far we've figured my team consists of all the cool guys from my team, + 2 guys. (Cool guys from my team = Nate, Brad, Brothers Green, Jeremy and me)

 ps, if I spelled tenant wrong, it's my boss' fault:) Also, it's his fault if I misused the apostrophe:)

 snip, snip, I just took down the internet clip, clip, now it's back up So, I was trying to get this one tenant's connection working, since when he switched to XP something got fucked up and he has to use this little ass cord. So, I cut this cord that we think isn't connected to anything, but then Matt comes and says, "The internet is down and we can't connect to the server." anyway, I'm the first one to be like, umm... maybe it's that cord I just cut, even though it's blue and the one in the server room is white. Well, we trace the cord and low and behold it connects to a blue one. Well, the guy who had to use a shorter cord, has been using 2 hooked together this week, so I moved him to a short one and a different office for right then, and took his linker guy. then I clipped ends on the the cable I just cut and put them together while Matt went and got more patcher guys. That is my story for the day.... The end

 inspiration Since we last talked... Amorah got married, I got to dance with D at the wedding, Cory didn't get the job yet, I had an interview with another MS group, I finished "choke", I watched Blade 2, twice, and tonight I watched the Lord of the Rings again:) This time with the Two Towers Preview on the end:) The LOTR:FOTR DVD info was released... urlLink here It's almost easter time, and I need to figure out what's going on. I think I might be going with Kevin, but he may have already left, dunno. I guess I'll find out in the morning. The Two Towers looks INCREDIBLE. I am mostly looking forward to the riders of Rohan, as well as the Ents. Man oh man, I can hardly wait...

 future Cahlen's leaving, Cory might be leaving... does anyone care? I need to figure out my future. Amorah is getting married tomorrow. (today) Nostalgia, I read a little of my travel journal last night, it's amazing how I can go back there. Just a word, a smell, a picture, I can almost remember it like it's today. Yet I can't remember what I did 2 days ago. I can't remember the movies I saw last week, let alone last year. I can tell you the main characters major malfunction in every Chuck Palahniuk book, yet can't really remember the characters from the Lord of the rings(at least the ones not in theaters right now) Is my life passing me one day at a time? or is it a year at a time? I think I've lost all sense of time

 busy busy busy Well, it's finally over, over time that is. I have had every night off this week. It's been pretty nice. Got Zoolander on tuesday and have watched it twice now. That shit makes me laugh. Looking forward to sleeping in on saturday. Only one more morning of waking up before that:) Dyslexic, I am not. Speak correctly, I can. Think slowly, I do. Buh bye

 OT So, I worked 25 hours this weekend. This seems to be a great amount of work. I mean, if you only count the weekend days, (sat. & sun) you get 48 hours, of which I spent more than half in a building at MS. Anyway, it was nice to have Jebe and Kelley in the house again. Also got to see Dejah and Amorah this week. So that was nice. what else... Saw Time machine on friday night. Not a bad movie, could have had more of a more completeness. It left you wanting at least another 30 minutes or something. Worked till midnight last night, worked till 9 tonight. Last day off was February 24th. Hmm.. how time flies... Thanks for being in my life- T

 Beautiful Mind Went and saw "Beautiful Mind" tonight.It was really good. There were 7 people at the movie. 3 girls, 4 boys, can you guess who didn't have a date:) I don't know, I think I should move out of the boonies. It's hard enough to ask if a girl would like to do something, w/o having to drive 30 minutes to get her. it makes it difficult to be spontaneous. Also, can I tell you that my girl contact has about reached 0. (Not really true, I saw Jebe and Kelley tonight, but they don't count cause they're here for kevin, I just get the pleasure of their company when Jebe is in town, (also Jebe and Kelley, thanks for hanging out and not dissing me, sorry I couldn't let you drive my car, but I think Amidy would have killed me)) However, back to the original point. I can't remember the last time I met a new girl. Especially, the last time I met a girl and didn't make a total ass out of myself. 2 of My flaws: 1) Not thinking before I speak, and closely related, 2) Speaking whatever's on my mind. (Usually this involves sex or trying to find out intimate information about the person I'm sitting across from. which in turn makes them embarassed) Then later I become annoying, and also, I don't pay enough attention to them. (Major flaw on my part, but I have trouble focusing) The alarm clock comes soon, so I'll be going to bed. God Bless- T

 grief It seems that grief is a very lonely feeling. No one knows how you feel and they try to empathize with you, but they don't know the hurt or the pain. So there is no comfort in friends. I guess having someone to talk with it about is good. Can you see that? The emotional exhaustion? Can you see the dried tears? Can you tell when I don't feel up to snuff? Is it invisible? Does it appear as a hang over? Or something more believable?

 weekends? So there was a time that I had weekends and there will be a time when I have them again. But until that day comes, I will just remember them as a good time in my life. In other news, The D is coming through town in April, that'll be a rockin show!! Sleep is a good thing- T

 in other news First I'd just like to say that when you all were talking about "Lex", all I could think of was the Sci-fi channel show "Lexx". but then I investigated and you all were talking about the show "Smallville". Also, my coworker is having urlLink dreams about me. HAHAHAHA

 Silence I'd like to think that when I don't write on here that I'm spending hours at a cabin out in the woods somewhere. Unfortunately, what it usually means is that I'm working my ass off and that I don't have much to write about. Anyway, I'm working through the weekend. Smiley face. I get overtime :) frowny face, I don't get to spend all the time this weekend with my friends:( N-E-way, hope everyone is doing good, I'll check you latah- T

 The ladies that aren't well, I'm back at it. Actually it's not soooo bad. I've been talking to girls at church, which is a positive direction for my life. Anyway, been busy with work and what now. Just going with the flow if you know what I mean. I volunteered to write stuff for the church newsletter, but now I think what I've written is crap, but they'll probably publish it anyway. Well, gotta run- T

 lesse... I saw "Scorpion King" on friday, which is a horrible movie, but I got to see a preview for "undercover brother", which just looks awesome. This week has been good. I think I figured out living arrangements for after june. Work is going good. Light house, my church thing on tuesdays is great. Umm... I saw Adam on wednesday. That was fun. He lives in Tenino right now and so he's a lot closer than home. Houck is up again this weekend. So he'll be stopping by around dinner time. YAY. The comic book thing last weekend was really good. If you go to my links for my other sites, you'll notice I discontinued service due to my lack of time to work on them. Anyway, hope you all are doing good and I'll check yous latah- T

 ok, I think he probably thinks that he was disappointed that Safeway doesn't make sandwiches on sunday:( Not that you couldn't find them. Anyway, saw FOTR for the last time in theatres. Well, at least last time for this quarter. Got back into FF X this weekend. Watched Zoolander and Training day with a bunch of friends. Okay time to duct tape.

 I went to buy a sandwich. There were no sandwiches. Someone said there would be. But there weren't. He probably thinks, "There were sandwiches." But he's wrong. There weren't any.

 Yo yo, sup doggs! Big C is comin back in a big way! OK, maybe it's not so big. So I'm quitting my job! YIPPEE HURRAY! Who needs money anyway right? So does anyone read this blog anymore? I know Tim still writes in it, so probably eh? Obey my dog! Obay? No that looks weird. I think the first one was right but it just doesn't look like it. Maybe it's because of the capital O. obey No that's pretty much just a weird looking word. HAPPY, happy, HAPPY Heh he he heh heh heh....

 no wonder So it's april 10th. No significance in that. Brad's replacement started yesterday. Dash, I forget his real name. Funny how I can just refer to my coworkers by their game names. It works, but it's kinda weird. Especially at Red Robin, it seemed a bit wierd. Anyway, Church group was good last night. Met some people finally. As you may or may not know, I'm only an outgoing person when I want to be. And if I'm comfortable, I may not be as friendly as I should be. So anyway, it was good to be more friendly and get to know people-ish. I'm going to see "FOTR" again on saturday. Did I mention that I LOVE that movie? :) Also, Houck is coming up this weekend, and we're going to go to a comic book exchange on sunday. YAY:) Anyway, for more excitement check urlLink this out. Ciao- T

 the partah Had the boys over again this weekend. Cleaned up last night. which didn't take long. Then went and bought pizzas today.1pm guys started showing up and we started eating and playing games till around 6 when we started Leprechaun 4: Leprechaun in Space. This was THE cheesiest movie I'd seen in a while. Anyway, it was fun, I drank some, and now I'm going to watch Iron monkey, ciao

 The Thursday Well, I found out last night that I would not be leaving Recon, but it's all good. They basically felt I could do the job, but that some other people were more qualified.So that's good. I'm going to study more, before the next opportunity comes up. Check you latah- T

 The interview had my interview this morning. As I keep thinking about it, I am getting more doubts. I wish I had answered a question more organizationally. Anyway, hindsight is 20/20 and I'm living the hindsight life. Last night the upstairs bathroom leaked water into my befroom until about 12:30am. I didn't find out about it till around 11:30 and I don't know how long it was leaking before that. The waiting is the hard part.I can't help wondering, hoping, worrying... maybe I'll go to bed early and I'll have a nice surprise... (Christmas memories come back like a flash) No, no surprises, I just want the job. *sigh*

 WORK ugh, yesterday was "chicken running around with it's head cut off" day at work.At least it was for Tim. E3 is next week and everyone is fighting for my team this week. So somehow we got double booked, ok it was mostly my fault. Well, so next week the head honcho is out of town, so I've got to be "super on the ball tim", which I'm really good at:) Anyway, it's saturday morning, and kevin bought an xbox last night:) Gotta go- T

 Kids in the hall ROCKS That was an awesome show. I highly recommend you get out and see these twisted guys before they're gone forever. TRUE Ticket story: call ticketmaster... please hit 42543256739439-x971 to talk to a ticket person that can help you... Teller: Hello, can I get your license number, address, CC number, dob, urine sample... Teller: hi, mr. williams, I have you sitting in... blah blah blah Teller: how may I help you? Tim: Umm... yeah, I think I may have lost my tickets, or maybe my roommates threw it out Teller: Are you sure you received the tickets? Tim: (I know I received them) Well, I'm pretty sure I did... Teller: Well, ticketmaster has a strict no replacement for lost or stolen tickets, but if you didn't receive them, I could have replacements at will call. Teller: are you sure you received them? Tim: No, not sure Teller: well, since you're not sure you got them, I'll have your tickets waiting at will call. Tim Thank you and may god bless your children End true ticket story

 new jobby job Well, I've started working as team lead:) Yay. I lost the tix for "kids in the hall", anyway, trying to get those back by the end of today, cause that's when the show is. Anyway, gotta run- T

 Went to Nate's last night. That was fun:) Watched Survivor then CSI, then had fun talks about politics and religion. The nice thing is Nate is still working in my building:)

 long time, no write Well, it's nate's last day as recon lead. He's moving to a core team, and Jason hasn't announced who'll be replacing him (*fingers crossed*) I've started looking for a new place to live, we've found a couple places westside to live. So that's fun. Umm... I'm going home for mother's day this weekend. well, gotta go to work...

 all good things It's time to pack and say goodbye... Fuck the neighbors with their hateful stares... and their damn suggestions... how bout this, You can go take care of your yard and live your perfect lives... But not ME... I will not mow the lawn, I WILL let the forest grow, and take my garden... Let nature do it's thing, I care not... Yesterday I had my last party, much to my neighbors delight I suppose... too much fucking shit for them to deal with... Is it too hard to live this life without boundries? Can you find a boundry that you have and won't cross that seems infintile? You can't go to a nude beach because why? You can't say the word "fuck" because why? Are you listening to what others say? Can you not challenge your ideas? Will you not challenge your ideas? Who says you're going to hell? I'm pretty sure, last time I checked, that was up to God. peace

 HOUSE FOUND!!!! We found a house today. We'll be living in Ballard about 4 blocks from the main drag. We ended up eating lunch at the vegetarian Australian food place. It was so delicious and they had this dessert that was just SOOOOOOO good. I can see that it may be a very tempting place to eat once we move to the new place. I HATE cutting it to 20 days before we move. I wished we could have found a new place sooner, but I'm really happy with the place we've found. Peace, and hope you're having a good life- T

 long time no typey Hello Everyone- well, I'm back. I spent the weekend at dad's hittin golfballs and playin golf. Anyway, workin hard. It's all good. I had a dream last night that I forgot to write a paper for one my history classes and I wasn't going to be able to graduate. But then I woke up and realized I'd graduated like 2 years ago:) Whew. Also, kevin and john and I are looking for a place to live and Jebe is back in town so all these things are going on. It's actually a great time to be alive:) Catch you on the flip side- T

 moving again So I'll be moving again. There are many reasons for this and I can't really go into it right now. Anyway, I stopped unpacking, as I'll just be packing again in a few weeks or so. Anyway, I had a good talk to the man in charge today, sounds like he might be doing some work on finding his replacement tomorrow, maybe I should get my resume in order... hmm... anyway, check yas latah- T

 MOVED!!!! Well, we got moved this weekend. That was about the hardest thing I've done in my life. Well, maybe not in my life, but it involved a total of like 17 people and 10 cars and 1 moving truck. Anyway, now I'm working hard, playin games. Did I ever tell you that I love my job? Anyway, I do. Well, it's time to Rock, I'll catch you on the flip side...

 update So cliff and hannah are married. And they're back from their honeymoon. It was a very emotional wedding, at least for us guys. We were all in tears, while the ladies kept a firm upper lip:) Hmmm... role reversal? Anyway, I'm moving to my new house next weekend. So I need to repack all the shit that I've unpacked, but at least it isn't as much as last time. So, I'm still going to be lead for my group. I was working on something, but I was overshooting my experience. It was a GREAT experience and I've come away a stronger person. That being said, I'd like to get job offers for my 100 day break. I'll be accepting emails at my urlLink email If you're veisiting from malaysia, please have sarahkate email me cause I lost her link and stuff. Thanks Peace- -T PS- "hi"

 wedding So cliff's getting married on friday. It's kinda hard to believe. I've been working major overtime. So it's nice to have the time off. Anyway, I'm working right now, so I better go. Don't let the man get you down. -T

 travelling I was going to come home and work on my Neverwinternights, but then I was like, actually I'd like to watch some "Bring it on", so I did. Then I was like, ok, now I'll go upstairs and work on my NWN game, but now I'm listening to some classic 80's rock and I don't want to turn it off. So, I'm writing on my BLOG and thinking about travelling. Today at lunch, one of the peeps that I work with started talking about NZ and europe and travelling in general and it stired my blood. There's just something about getting away for a few relaxing weeks and not having anything to think about. *sighs* Anyway, I'm skipping church tonight cause I'm gonna go to bed earlier than it's going to get over with:( I'm gonna go when I don't have to wake up so early. AKA december gnight

 back up and kickin Well, I'm moved. I'm still living in Seattle, but now I'm living by the U district instead of ballard. It's a shorter commute and I've been working for the last month. When I say I've been working for the last month, I mean, 30 days straight no breaks. 2 weekends I worked 24 out of the 48 hours. It was hard, but the paychecks are nice. N-E-way, I'll be taking november off to go and visit peeps, like steve and my pops. So, I hope to be inspired a little more often now that I have some free time. Catch you latah- T

 update I recently read that to keep a good *cartoon* site is to make regular updates. So I'm gonna try and do that... On that note, I tried to go to urlLink justbecause.com tonight and was disappointed to see that it was either a) not functioning or b) my silly internet provider was acting up again. Either way, I'd like to see something there. I think it's supposed to be a flower shop, but I'm not sure. Also, I've been out of work now for about 3 or 4 weeks. I had/have a "on call" job, but they aren't calling. So I'm thinking of giving plasma. They'll give me 125 for 4 visits. that's 2 weeks worth of plasma giving and I get 125 bucks. That would decrease the need for me to call my parents every few weeks to bail me out. Which I HATE doing. It's not that they don't help me, it just seems that at this point in my life I should have a stable enough income that I shouldn't have to ask my parents for anything.. Anyway, I'm going home for thanksgiving. If you're reading this and would like me to maybe update a little more regularly, you can send me an email urlLink here Peace- T

 to all the peeps in recon land Get back to work:) Bye

 Christmas Well, I got through the 2 towers. I've seen it 4 times now. I kinda liked it:) Anyway, Christmas with the fam was fun. There were lots of little ones running around. Which gets us to the point that some people think I hate kids. Which isn't true. It's just when they're in large groups that I get overwhelmed and must seek refuge in a secluded room. (1 annoying thing was they kept going into my room which was off limits:P ) Anyway, I hope you all had a nice christmas and I'll talk to you latah... -T

 Cahlen's back?!? Well, it's officially 47 hours from the start of the two towers at urlLink The Cinerama I'm a little stoked. So anyway, Cal was here last week and I'm doing good. We played lots of games and watched lots of movies. Unlike most unemploywed bums:) Well, I decided against giving plasma for the time being, mostly because I couldn't find anyone to go with me, but also because the state decided to give me a few extra dollars. Well, I'm going to run. Have a great week! -T

 Ei-Ei-Poo!!!

 Half way there Although I did get 1 request to make this more than just a once a month blog, I have found that I'm not that motivated. Mostly because of games and movies: Tony Hawk Pro Skater 4 Warcraft 3 Neverwinter Nights Sid Meier's Sim Golf and I'm watching all sorts of movies that my roommate Dan owns. Tonight I watched... Undercover Brother, Pitch Black, and Life as a House. It's because of "Life" that I think I'm writing here, now. My roommate presented me with a term about someone they knew. They called them "Asexual" which I realized is how some of my friends and I live our lives. I have this huge fear of rejection ingrained in my being. I think it's made me rather prude when I think that there's lots of girls who wouldn't have rejected a kiss by yours truly. I'm 25 now. Still a virgin, although I think my mom doubts it. And I'd love to get a girlfriend and settle down. It's just I don't know how... T

 Timmay!!!

 And now some blogger luvin So, I've been having computer issues recently. Seems my HD is going bad:( Anyway, the other thing it's been doing is signing me in and out of messenger service like a cop in a donut shop :) Wait... am I mixing metaphors? or just not using the right one? Anyway, life is good. I found salmon burgers and have fallen madly in love with their low carbs, omega 3 fatty acids, and all around tasty-ness. Now if I just had unlimited amounts of money I could just live on brocolli, salmon, asparagus, cheese, crystal light, and diet mt. dew for the rest of my days. I think I could handle that. *sigh* back to work- Tim

 All things hotmail What is UP with the damn hotmail. I'm like tryint to write an email to a friend and have to go look up an address. When I try and come back to hotmail, I usually hit a damn sidebar by accident, then the whole damn email disappears. It's like, "look, FUCKERS, if you're gonna have advertising all over my email at least you could have it open a new window, so I don't have to remember what I just typed" BASTARDS So I went and got a grill from the house last night. Ended up getting the charcoal grill as it was 50 bucks and I had just spent a load at costco on junk. I've been playing Star Wars galaxies fairly often. So that's something. Now if my room weren't like 5 billion degrees I could actually spend some of my time at home developing my character. OK, it's work time. Peace out- Tim

 So long, so long, well, let's see, I'm working at MS again. Playing videogames for the man:) I'm still living in the University district here in Seattle washington. We're coming up on our year lease and I've decided to live here another year. We're having to replace two roommates... Cindy :( and Sean :) So, I'm kinda sad cindy is leaving. I'm pretty sure we won't get a girl to replace her, and there's just something nice about living with a girl, you know? Plus I feel like I've just gotten to know cindy and now she's moving to idaho:( Also, girls are clean, which is to say, much different than boys:) and now on to sean... OK, so if you're going to be an alcoholic, don't be an ass about it. And if you're going to fall off the wagon, don't do it in my living room. Got home thursday night and Sean was drunk. He then continued to be beligerent/drunk all weekend long. It was fuckin AWESOME. oh wait, was that sarcasm ;-) Well, I should get back to work, if anyone reads this please email me:) I've missed you all so much ;)

 The idea of human nature So the question is this: Are people naturally good, or naturally evil, or a product of their environment? By and large, I would have to say, I have felt that people are naturally good. I think I grew to believe this due to the fact that I grew up in the church and am naturally a kind and caring person. This actually helped me have blind faith in my government and my church. I have come to change these beliefs recently.... People are still dying in Iraq. People are still dying in Afghanistan. Not to change questions, but why? Why are we still there? Why is there death in the world? Why don't trickle down economics work? Why doesn't communism work? Are republicans the cynics? or the democrats? or is it the growing population of independents? These are the questions I'm dealing with right now... Just thought you could use a little update Peace out- Tim

 Working 80 + hour weeks... Brain is fried, see you on the other side... Peace- T-dog

 Happy Halloween So cahlen and peter went and got a new router last night. So that's cool, real internet for the whole house. YAY. DAMN LINKSYS!!! NEVER buy one of their damn routers. Ever since we got that shit home it was cutting out every couple of days, until yesterday when it cut out entirely:P So here we are. It's nate's birthday. I have 2 parties to go to and no costume. I'll feel like a chump, but what can you do? I think I'll be wearing my white and red "Freak" hat, and maybe a shit that says freak somewhere on it. Where as my roommate karla has a full get up. Today is also, pay bills and get oil changed day. So that's exciting:) It's been an excellent movie week. In the past 2 days I've watched, Beautiful Girls, Amelie, and As good as it gets. I love the 2 compliments that he gives her in As good as it gets. I'm driving to pocatello next week to drive cindy back. ROAD TRIP!!! :) YAY!!! Now I just need to make some good mix CDs:) OK, I'll catch you on the flip side-

 damn internet The router and/or internet stopped working today:( I have my computer directly connected to the dsl modem now. Talk about a pain in the ass. Anyway, looks like I'll be home for my birthday after all. Frustratingly yours- T

 Just a man Before you judge me... Before you call me a slut... Before you hate me... remember that I am just a man. I don't know who I am, but I know what I enjoy. time with friends, time reading my books, time spent self improving, these are some of the things I enjoy most. Travel, meeting new friends, watching a well made film, talking, kissing. Thinking about the un-important things in life. Why are we here? What happens when we die? Is God real? Is there life after death? Is there a soul? Things that can really only be carefully considered after the basic needs are taken care of. Lively debate with friends in a trusted environment. These are the things I cherish, these are what make me a man...

 life and all those other things It was a very good weekend. I think that has been one of my favorite weekends in a while. time is filling up rather quickly and I should have practiced the piano more. C'est la vie. I'll write more later today. I promise peace-

 weddings and what not The wedding last night was nice. It was good to see a bunch of the old gang. I know that I have changed in more ways than they'd like to think about. Sometimes I wonder if I'd rather have a return to innocence. Anyway, it turns out that my good friend Brian married Amy last month. I was really looking forward to going to their wedding. It makes me sad that we weren't able to get the contact information together so that my invite could show up and I could go to the wedding. On the plus side, we got to set our clocks back an hour last night. So I got an extra hour of sleep. Kinda:) Got the new Barenaked Ladies album, and so far my favorite song is 05 - for you. Peace-

 still horny I got new tires today. And then played hella SSX 3. Anyway, I'm still horny, so I haven't been put into the "asexual" category quite yet. Just applied to my 3 jobs for the week. Anyway, I'm going to bed early tonight. g'night-

 When I've been trying to think of the last time I really fell in love was. I think it was sophomore year of college, to a cute freshman named julie. We read each others poetry. Then I think she kinda fell for me, whcih scared the living piss out of me. So I told her that she should date the boy that had been interested in her when I showed up. Then when he broke her heart, I was the one that took her out so she could grieve. Unfortunately for me, it was too late to have her fall for me. She married this past summer. I need to call her and see about a dinner. Since that time sophomore year, I think I've hidden my feeling better, made sure I didn't fall for them any more. I think for better or worse, I've had to lose some compassion along the way. It's also caused me to have respect for women in general. Not to say that I should put every woman I meet on a pedistal, but perhaps I shouldn't be thinking, "How can I get in her pants?" Although, before I have always not thought about getting into her pants, and that hasn't gotten me anything but a plethura of female friends. Which is good, I like female friends, but I think I'd prefer female lovers:) All this to say that if you're my friend and you're female, there's a chance I want to get into your pants:) But not because I am in love with you :( Catch you on the flip side-

 It's 5:30 am I had a bachelor party that I went to tonight. It was very SPU-ish. i.e. we went to dinner at TGI Fridays cause hooters was too much of a sin for some of the guys. Then we went to a comedy club. That was actually pretty fun. urlLink Comedy Underground Then we went to Goldie's, which is a "casino" here in washington. All-in-all it was a VERY mild bachelor party. Cliff drove me around for it, so I drank a little. Funny thing is, I got home and went to bed 4 hours ago. I just woke up extremely horny like 20 minutes ago and couldn't get back to sleep. I know I need to change something in my lifestyle as I don't want to wait until I've lost my sexual drive before I hook up with a beautiful girl. I'm concerned that I may wake up one morning and not realize that I'm not hoping to have sex someday. My thing is that there are so many diseases out there now that I'm scared to go to a bar and try to pick up a woman. For one thing, what if it turns out she's a dude? Next there's the whole disease thing to worry about. My main problem I think would be my job. I've heard jobs can be a great place to meet women. That's great, if there's more than 1 woman per 50 men. So my friends are getting married on saturday. I'm nervous for this marriage. Anyway, maybe I can see some old friends at the wedding and try and get some dates out of it:) Hope everyone is doing good and much less horny than I am:) Peace out-

 war A friend sent me this link today: urlLink http://www.truthout.org/docs_03/102303C.shtml As part of becoming more of who I am, I share it with you. In and of the fact that I think "war is dumb". And the fact that my friend adam will be in "war torn" iraq in less than 2 weeks. Sometimes I wonder if I should think at all. It would be so much easier to follow blindly. To stick my head in the ground and say, "I trust our leaders. They know what they're doing". But I can't. I've been in this world long enough to know the bullshit. To see the promise and then have it removed from before me. Just thought I'd share-

 men and women... again I would have to argue that men need women more than women need men. I've heard that with long term marriages, when a wife dies the husband will surely die within a year. It's true for johnny cash. It puzzles me, partly that women do not know the power they hold over us, partly that when they do, they become someone that we do not want to be with. Or is it that some women can use sex as a powerful weapon. Where a man can assault with sex, he can hardly ever manipulate with it. I've known men that would do just about anything to get into a womans pants. Now I'm babbling, it's 3:30 am and I'm going to sleep. Peace and love-

 Friends I just wanted to thank you my friends. You are my chosen family. You are the people I love, even when I hate you for what you say or do. You are the people that define who I am and who I am to become. You are there when I have my crisis of faith and understand me when I ask you what it would mean if there was no God. Thank you for not letting me get lonely. And allowing me to be part of your life. Peace out-

 endings and beginnings Here it is 3am on wednesday morning. Why am I still awake? I should have been asleep hours ago. I wish I could say I was reading or playing the piano. But I've been playing video games. Distractions from the real. From the people we know and love. Music that is on: Guster - Either way Sleep? who needs it? I have another post to write after this one. Will I be asleep before 4 tonight? Does it even matter? Parts of my life are coming to an end, others are beginning to blossom. Relationships change, evolve. I AM the hurricane that is my life. Peace-

 understanding Is it that I am so strange? Are these the thoughts of every man, woman and child? Am I alone in my wonderment? I don't think so... I think we often all deal with these thoughts. How is that we're so scared of each other? Trust is not easily earned today. I often ponder if we men have less or more feelings than women. I don't think we can generalize like that. It is more of a personal thing. I know people that are lonely on both sides of the fence. I also know of people that are not feeling much but just living. I think that in my past I have turned my feelings on and off. I know when I am scared of rejection I can try and turn my feelings off until trust can be earned. At other times I find it hard to breath for as little as pondering holding a girl's hand. Well I'm outa here-

 trust Here I am, set almost naked before you. Trusting you. Wanting to be understood. Quietly fearing that I'll die alone. Unwanted. Untrusted. Knowing in my heart to be a good man. As best a man I can be. I just got done reading "Speaker of the dead", Orson Scott Card's second Ender Wiggin novel. I say just, but it's been 5 hours since I went to bed at 5 and it is now 10. I think that maybe I should have more discretion on this little blogger thing. Be more secretive. Not tell you anything. But you're my journal, at least of my thoughts and ideas. A way to quickly go back and remember the days gone by and see where my friends were and to find new friends. I think I partly publiish these knowing that no one will ever see them, but knowing someone will. This is myself laid bare and I hope you enjoy reading it. If you can understand everything I say in these few pages you'll probably understand me as close as anyone has ever tried. Peace out-

 updates I realized that I haven't updated you on some rather important things on my life. Last december I started getting thirsty and would aften end up peeing about 8 times during the night. Cindy made me promise to go see a doctor as I was also losing weight w/o even trying. I promised her that if I ever hit 200 lbs that I would get insurance and go see the doctor. In may I hit 200 lbs (a whole 60 lbs less than I had been in november, and about the weight I was when I entered college) and I went and got health insurance. June 2nd I went to see the doctor. He told me that I had probably diabetes, but he wouldn't rule out cancer. So I pee'd in a cup and came back tuesday morning for my blood work to be drawn. Friday it was confirmed that I had diabetes. About that time I went on a low/no carb diet. That lasted about 2 weeks. Now I'm on a limited carb diet. A diebetic nurse thinks I'm in my honeymoon period. No one wants to say it, but I'll probably be insulin dependent in the year. That is where you give yourself a shot of insulin before every meal. I started working out there for a while. That's one way I can control my sugar. My buddy, Cindy, moved to idaho and I lost interest in working out. I forced my bosses to find low carb supplements for when they ordered dinner for our team while I was working. I have come to deal diabetes. When the time comes for insulin shots, I will be ready for that as well. Now I'm on my break. Cahlen and Karla are moved into our free rooms. (see cindy and sean moving out) Peter and Dan are in love with my friends that I've asked to move in. We had a house party last friday night. It wasn't as rowdy as some of the previous parties, but it was good. I think you're now mostly all up to date. Signing off as your diabetic friend-

 understanding Why is it that I have trouble relating to people sometimes? Or maybe not relating, but why are people scared of me? Perhaps it is misconceptions, or maybe I am just a scary person. What does it mean to be christian? What does it mean to be set apart? Is there something that says that boys and girls can't be friends? Even if there is sexual tension, what about the possibility of giving up on sex for the better good of keeping a friend? I wish to be a salve that can take pain away and allow wounds to heal, but I cannot, if I am not allowed. Perhaps there is more than just that. I find great comfort in comforting others. I know that looks matter. And I wish they didn't. I need help in the dressing department, as I don't think I dress myself well. And the female friends I have tend to agree with that. Well, I gotta run, catch you on the flip side-

 life What is love? Baby, don't hurt me... Sometimes my ideas of love swing wildly about and I'm left wondering what I know, or what I think I know. I asked a girl to be my friend yesterday, but she hasn't responded. I don't know how often she checks her mail, or if it went into a trash bin automatically, or if she's scared I'll turn into a lunatic.... Can men and women just be friends? I enjoyed the ideas presented in "When harry met sally", I think they mostly are true. I signed up for friendster the other day, but I still need to get pictures up. It seems to me, that no picture = no contacts. After all you could be some hideously ugly freak:) OK, I'm going to go look for a plug in for a friends website... Peace out-

 depression? They laid off the rest of my team today. 2:20pm, you're out of here. It makes me sad. Especially for cliff. I know he was looking forward to working till June and they couldn't find work for him through the winter. Matrix 2 showed up today. So I'm going to watch that with Cliff tomorrow. I can already tell that I'm going to have trouble staying focused on music and cleaning my house and getting a job. Especially since cliff is off:) C'est la vie... See you around, space cowboy-

 Things It's 1:37 in the morning. All day I've been reading ender's game by Orson Scott Card. I'm 229 pages into it. I should have it finished by morning. Of the things I know in this life, which aren't many, I know this for sure... I want to find someone to Love and to be fully Loved in return. That's what I comes down to. I often wonder what I should be doing to find that special someone... What I might do to make someone like me... What happens if I find her and I've already screwed up my life so bad that she doesn't want me? Why do we have a desire to be accepted? Am I a bad man? Am I a good man? Adam is going to Iraq on October 31st. This reason enough gives me enough pain/emotion to hate my president. To realize that one of my best friends may die, and there is nothing I can do about it. Who is Saddam Hussein to me? What is Iraq? Why are we there? I started taking piano lessons. Self improvement or masturbation? That is all- Tim

