 By ALEXANDRA ZAVIS, Associated Press Writer AL-FASHER, Sudan - As the world's attention was turned to crises in the Middle East, a slaughter has raged for 17 months in Sudan's Darfur region. Arab gunmen on horses and camels, backed by bombers and helicopter gunships, have razed hundreds of black African villages, killed tens of thousands and driven more than 1 million from their homes. "They say they don't want to see black skin on this land again," said Issa Bushara, whose brother and cousin were gunned down in front of their horrified families during an attack by the Janjaweed militia. Now, with many more likely to die of hunger and disease in camps in Sudan and neighboring Chad, international pressure is mounting on President Omar el-Bashir's government to end the carnage. U.S. and U.N. officials, haunted by memories of inaction in Rwanda a decade ago, have made a series of highly publicized visits to the region. This week, African leaders also called on Sudan to act. -- This story just gets worse and worse. It's like the world is going in slow-motion and the Sudan is in fast forward. These people need help and fast. Where is the UN. Aren't they "SUPPOSED TO BE" the morality judge. Well, maybe that judge is out of court because people are dying everyday there for no reason, but for the sheer virtue of thier belief system and color of their skin. It makes me sick to my stomach when I read about the torture, rape, murder, etc... Have no fear Sudanese people the UN will have a long "chat" while sipping cappacino and eating scones with some Mozart playing in the newly refurbished 2 million dollar study room in the UN. (I hyperbolize, but you get the idea) Andrew B.

 By Robert Novak July 10th , 2004 WASHINGTON -- Tentative plans are being discussed inside the Kerry-Edwards campaign to send vice-presidential candidate John Edwards to Iraq as soon as possible. Edwards has not gone to Iraq since the U.S. invasion last year. His visit there would be designed to try to fill the senator's lack of experience in national security policy. It also would provide the campaign with photo opportunities showing Edwards in close contact with U.S. troops in Iraq. Before he announced his presidential candidacy last year, Edwards declared aggressive action against Iraq was needed because weapons of mass destruction were there. Like John Kerry, Edwards voted for the war resolution but against the $87 billion bill funding the conflict. -- You have to love how desperate the Dumbocrats are getting. This is pathetic. What could a former trail lawyer do in Iraq? Sue the fedayeen or better yet say objection to al-Sadr's Army...oooh no wait even better hold al-Zarqawi in contempt of court. Who are these guys kidding. Sending Edwards out to Iraq is like sending the proverbial lamb to the slaughter house. (Not that he is in any danger or anything like that...god forbid) I mean on a political scale...how they are trying to toughen up his image as strong on defense, but with a charming smile and that qwuaff of hair of his. That is some head of surfer hair. The main point I am driving home is that this entire show, this illusionists card trick is so predictable and pathetic. --

 -- Read the rest of it on his website... -- July 10, 2004 Allies, Friends, Neutrals, or Enemies? By Victor Davis Hanson Private Papers For all the mayhem in the Sunni Triangle, and for all our mishaps at trying to reconstruct a pathological society reeling from 30 years of mass murder, we are beginning now to see the emergence of new civilized beginning in Iraq. Sadly our allies are mostly neutral, if not hostile to this radically new world, mostly out of spite, narrow self-interest, and deductive anger and envy of the United States. In the process, they have done the near impossible: lost the good will of the American people, a development that will have radical repercussions in the years ahead. While a U.S., bloodied after 9-11, takes its greatest gamble in the last half-century to end the pathology of the Middle East, a Spanish government is toppled by a handful of al Qaeda thugs. The new inane socialist prime minister, Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero, who once bragged of his appeasement of April, is now worried, and thus scurrying in a pathetic effort to “beef up” the 200-man Spanish contingent in Afghanistan—at least for now until bin Laden’s self-proclaimed armistice with Europe runs out and the next bomb goes off. When that happens, don’t count on a slandered US to come to the aid of Spain, which will have its hands full enough adjudicating the sovereignty of a few rocks off Morocco. The fiery French Defense Minister, after all, is now bragging that France has nukes and can protect Europe all by itself. Promises, promises.

 by Amir Taheri Arab News July 9, 2004 I have taken certain quotes out to discuss. To read the entire article click the link and read it from the website. LONDON, 9 July 2004 � Judging by diplomatic statements the whole world is now eager to help Iraq. "We will do all that we can to help Iraq," says German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer who had been in the forefront of the campaign to keep Saddam Hussein in power before liberation. Russia, China and India, too, have also indicated readiness to help Iraq. But how sincere are they all? We shall not know the answer until concrete measures are taken to help Iraq stabilize and speed up rebuilding its economy. -- What I find amazing about this article is that it is written from a person from the Middle East and is Persian. I am not used to hearing positive news or constructive critizism from the Middle East. -- The first step toward helping Iraq is for those countries that have refused to recognize the interim government to do so immediately. This should be followed by the reopening of embassies in Baghdad. The interim Iraqi government should be allowed to reclaim that country's embassies abroad and to reopen them immediately. -- This is the kind of dialogue we should be having with the Arab world and Muslims in general. This sounds to me like a good start. -- Next, those who say they want to help Iraq must stop their disinformation campaign in that country. A more dramatic version of that psychological war can be observed in the Arab satellite television's coverage of Iraq. In the very least, these channels should stop broadcasting the video messages of terror groups killing people in Iraq. -- Another great point...remember in grade school when there was that one kid that wanted all the attention in class and he/she kept clowning around trying to get it? And always got in trouble for it too...Do you remember what the teacher said to you so that you could concentrate on your work? He/she said IGNORE him/her and they will eventually stop since no one is paying attention to them. If you take away the power of the Media to these Animals they will have no choice but to give up their jihad. If no one hears about their jihad...they will either give up or get more desperate. (The latter sounds more up their alley.) -- One way to do so could be described as "the Zapatero way". Spain's new Socialist Prime Minister Jose Luis Zapatero won the election with a promise of withdrawing Spanish troops from Iraq. Now that he is in power he appreciates the consequences of that policy. He cannot, of course, eat humble tapas. But he is trying to mend things by sending Spanish troops to Afghanistan and Haiti to replace Americans, thus enabling the Pentagon to have more reserves for Iraq. -- This is an interesting idea because it makes a positive from a negative. Meaning, when Spain withdrew their troops after the Madrid bomb blasts...we all thought the terrorists won that round. They did to a certain point. It emboldened them to keep doing what they are doing now, but on the bright side...Spain is trying to do the right thing. By replacing the US troops in those countries (i.e. - Haiti + Afghanistan) it gives us the upper hand in Iraq, to really focus our efforts and fine tune our Special Forces to go after these terrorists. -- NATO could help by stopping to treat Iraq as a leper. Iraq needs NATO's help in training the new Iraqi Army and police force. This can best be done inside Iraq. French attempt at preventing this is bad for both Iraq and NATO. -- This is another great idea. NATO is great at training troops in fledging democracies like in the Balkans. If NATO was in charge of training we again can reorganize to hunt these terrorists bring justice to them. The idea is to get these countries up and running as soon as possible, so that they can defend themselves against terrorists and help us destroy this scurge, this horrible virus of man kind. -- By some estimates the Saddamite regime has hidden some $30 billion of Iraqi money in tax havens around the globe. At least another $10 billion disappeared in corrupt deals involving the United Nations. The US should take the lead in tracing the missing funds and help return them to the Iraqis. Iraq should also get direct control of the estimated $14 billion that remains in an escrow account managed by the UN. -- Man, this guy is good. Every last penny that was to go to the Iraqi people should go back to the Iraqi people. End of story as far as I am concerned. This was supposed to have been for them to help during the embargo of the 1990's. How anyone can be against that is either a moron or dilusional...or both. -- The package should be redesigned away from big projects that might bear fruit in years. What Iraq urgently needs is thousands of small and medium projects to improve the average citizen's life quickly. At this time in Iraq, small is not only beautiful but good politics. It is also good politics for the US to give the Iraqis a real say in how and where the aid is used. -- Perfect...nothing else needs to be said. Succinct and to the point. i couldn't have said it better myself. -- The Arab part of the Iraqi debt consists of the money given to Iraq during the eight-year war against Iran. It would be both honorable and good politics to write off that debt. The Arab states do not need the money. -- I like this idea, but good luck getting another Arab state to forgive any debts. I highly doubt that this will happen. Good idea though, but not going to happen. -- Helping stabilize Iraq and put it back on the path of economic development and democratization is a good investment in reshaping the Middle East, indeed the whole Muslim world, ensuring oil supplies, and enhancing the security of the Western democracies. -- With Iraq as a democracy in the Middle East...the entire equation changes. Every single Arab regime from Morocco to Iran will be looking with peeled eyes seeing the progress and stablization. People in these other countries are going to want that for themselves. The desire or hope for freedom is stronger than anything else. Stronger than money and hate put together. Nothing can stop hope. Freedom is a universal truth that cannot be denied for long. It can be surpressed, but never broken. The Iraqi people have an opportunity, thanks to the US + coalition to really show the world that Muslims can live in peace, can have a democracy, can have equal rights with women, can prosper, can dream of freedom with the rest of us in the free world. They can do it...and we will help.

 By Stuart Grudgings MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippine government canceled a planned news conference on the release of a Filipino truck driver held hostage in Iraq (news - web sites) on Sunday after his captors issued a new deadline for his execution. Government officials in Manila had earlier said Angelo de la Cruz was being taken to a hotel in Baghdad and could be released within hours, prompting celebrations among family and friends. But Arabic satellite television Al Jazeera reported that the militants holding him said they would behead him if Manila did not withdraw troops from Iraq by July 20, exactly one month ahead of its planned withdrawal. --This is exactly what I thought was going to happen. They are using the good intentions of this nobel country to further their own agenda...hate and jihad. Andrew B.

 By ABDULLAH AL-SHIHRI, Associated Press Writer RIYADH, Saudi Arabia - Saudi Arabia said Saturday it will hold municipal elections in September, the first polls to be held in decades in this conservative kingdom. Municipal Affairs Minister Prince Mutaeb said election preparations have started and a list of regulations would be issued soon, the official Saudi Press Agency reported. The vote will cover 178 municipal councils organized in 13 districts, Mutaeb said. The elections are scheduled to be held after summer vacation ends and the at the start of the school year, which begins Sept. 11. The municipal elections would give Saudis the chance to participate — if only in a limited manner — in decision making, a rare even in the oil rich kingdom which is an absolute monarchy that has an unelected Consultative Council that acts like a parliament. Political parties are banned and press freedoms are limited. --Limited? Try none existent...Who are these guys kidding...I assume Europe. Certainly NOT this American... Andrew B.

 The reason why I am posting this is because I am learning arabic. I am teaching myself from scratch as well as caligraphy in arabic. I can translate a lot of stuff...and I have to tell you this. The hand writing of this person looks authentic. The letters and spacing as well as the context of the words is in sync with jihadist talk. Aaron...if there is anything I can do help you please let me know. This might be something serious. I am not one to jump to conclusions, but this is your life. Andrew B.

 © 2004 WorldNetDaily.com The Chinese military is preparing a dress-rehearsal, war-games assault on Taiwan for the later this month – the first time Beijing has ever gone this far in preparations for a threatened invasion. The 18,000-man landing on the beaches of Dongshan Island is to involve amphibious assault craft, Russian-built fighter jets and submarines operating in the Taiwan Strait to ward off a simulated counter-attack by the U.S. Seventh Fleet, according to press reports in China. --Read the rest of the article on World Net Daily. Scary Scary Scary. It's only a matter of time. Andrew B.

 By STEVEN GUTKIN, Associated Press Writer JERUSALEM - A sharp escalation in right-wing threats and rhetoric ahead of a planned Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip (news - web sites) has put security forces on alert and evoked memories of the hate-filled atmosphere that preceded the 1995 assassination of Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin (news - web sites). Jewish extremists say they are planning a full-fledged rebellion. In interviews, several said they were recruiting fighters and instructing followers to resist eviction by force. The warnings have put the nation's leaders on edge. Prime Minister Ariel Sharon (news - web sites) said this week he feels at risk. His police minister, Tsachi Hanegbi, warned that extremists are plotting assassinations, though later officials clarified that he was speaking from an assessment of the charged political atmosphere rather than from specific intelligence. In a sign of the times, Israeli television showed footage of Jewish settlers at a Gaza synagogue being instructed in resistance tactics by members of the outlawed extremist group Kach. "If policemen and soldiers come with weapons to throw little children and women from their homes, what do you expect? People to give them roses?" said Noam Federman, a leader of militant Jewish settlers in the West Bank city of Hebron. --This is not good. I think we are on the brink of a civil war here in Israel. This can't be good at all. G-d give PM Ariel Sharon the strength to do the right thing. Andrew B.

 July 10, 2004 Bush ratchets up rhetoric in 'ideological' terror war Maybe he really does understand what is at stake, or is beginning to. Or maybe he is beginning to understand that a growing number of Americans do not buy, if they ever did, his "religion of peace" line. From the Washington Times, with thanks to Jeffrey Imm: KUTZTOWN, Pa. — President Bush yesterday called the war on terror "a mighty ideological struggle" between an American society of religious tolerance and Islamist militants who kill those with different beliefs. "The better way to describe what's happening is, this is a war against an ideology which stands exactly opposite of what we believe," said Mr. Bush, using more direct and religious language to describe the war than ever before. At an appearance later in the day in Lancaster, Pa., Mr. Bush said terrorists' "hearts are filled with evil," he said. "There is no peace treaty you can sign with these people." Shortly after the September 11 attacks, Mr. Bush characterized the war on terror as a "crusade," an off-hand comment that was widely criticized as being insensitive to Islamic culture. He has avoided couching the war in religious terms since. But campaigning for re-election as a war president at a time when support for his performance as commander-in-chief is waning, Mr. Bush has sharpened his rhetoric. Admitting that his "greatest fear is we're going to get attacked again," Mr. Bush told 2,500 supporters at a basketball gym at Kutztown University that he is "working hard to stop it from happening" by showing strength to the terrorists. "Listen, we want to whip them in Iraq before we have to face them here at home," Mr. Bush said. One of the most important values of the United States, the president said, is the nation's tradition of religious tolerance — a value not shared by the enemy. "You see, we believe that you're as big a patriot if you worship the Almighty as if you don't. And if you choose to worship, whether it be as a Christian, Jew or Muslim, you're equally as patriotic as your neighbor," Mr. Bush said. "That's what we believe. You have the freedom to worship as you see fit in America. "That's the exact opposite of the dim view of the people who are trying to cause us harm. So this is really a ideological struggle where the enemy is willing to use terror as a tool."

 Ash-Sharq al-Awsat, a London-based Arabic paper, yesterday began the complete serialization of Saddam Hussein's final novel written as a free man, Be Gone Demons! (اخرج منها ياملعون) As though it were just any book, the newspaper posted a picture of the cover and of the author (appearing as a jailbird, however, not as absolute ruler). The Associated Press's Salah Nasrawi helpfully provides a summary of the plot, as related to him by Ali Abdel Amir, an Iraqi writer and critic who read the whole manuscript: The novel recounts a Zionist-Christian conspiracy against Arabs and Muslims that an Arab army eventually defeats by invading the Zionist-Christian land and toppling one of its monumental towers, an apparent reference to Sept. 11, 2001. The novel opens with a narrator, who bears a resemblance to the Jewish, Christian and Muslim patriarch Abraham, telling cousins Ezekiel, Youssef and Mahmoud that Satan lives in the ruins of a Babylon destroyed by the Persians and the Jews. … Ezekiel, symbolizing the Jews, is portrayed as greedy, ambitious and destructive. "Even if you seize all the property of others, you will suffer all your life," the narrator tells him. Youssef, who symbolizes the Christians, is portrayed as generous and tolerant - at least in the early passages. Mahmoud, symbolizing Muslims, emerges as the conqueror at the end of the book. The critics have not been kind to Be Gone Demons! Saddam "was completely out of touch with actual reality, and novel writing gave him the chance to live in delusions," comments Abdel Amir. Saad Hadi, a journalist who had a hand in the production of Saddam's novels, agrees: "He lost touch with reality. He thought he was a god who could do anything, including writing novels." According to Hadi, Saddam's favorite novelist was Ernest Hemingway, in particular The Old Man and the Sea, whose style he tried to emulate. "He'd sit in his state room and recount simple tales, while his aides recorded his words." Youssef al-Qaeed, an Egyptian novelist, describes the dictator's oeuvre as "naïve and superficial." This is hardly Saddam's first published novel. "At the end of the year 2000, a publishing sensation left Baghdad abuzz with rumor," reports Ofra Bengio in "Saddam Husayn's Novel of Fear," an analysis of Saddam's becoming the author of a historical romance titled Zabiba and the King. Although Bengio finds the novel "boring and incoherent," she argues it "is best understood as Saddam's own preparation for his final descent from the stage. It should be read as a summary of his life, an ‘artistic' contribution to his people, an epitaph, and a last will and testament, all rolled into one." One might have thought that more pressing issues of state would have been on the absolute dictator's mind by late 2002, as the Bush administration made clear its impatience with Iraqi behavior and signaled an intent to take action. One would be wrong, at least according to an account given by NBC news on July 15, 2003: Tom Brokaw reported on the authority of Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz, already in captivity, that "in the last year Saddam Hussein has been preoccupied with writing three epic novels." Even more remarkable is the information from a subsequent report in London's Daily Telegraph: "Saddam Hussein spent the final weeks before the war [in March 2003] writing a novel predicting that he would lead an underground resistance movement to victory over the Americans, rather than planning the defence of his regime. As the war began and Saddam went into hiding, 40,000 copies of Be Gone Demons! were rolling off the presses." After Zabiba and the King, Saddam produced The Fortified Castle and Men and the City and finally Be Gone Demons! Tariq Aziz's comment suggests that another two novels were in the works when war so rudely interrupted. Saddam's being caught up with novel writing as war was brewing directly confirms a thesis I presented months back, in "[Saddam's] WMD Lies," to explain the seemingly missing weapons of mass destruction. Supposing there really are no nukes in Iraq, Saddam gave off the impression he had them as a result of a terrible error. This mistake can best be explained as the result of Saddam inhabiting the uniquely self-indulgent circumstance of the totalitarian autocrat, with its two key qualities: Hubris: The absolute ruler can do anything he wants, so he thinks himself unbounded in his power. Ignorance: The all-wise ruler brooks no contradiction, so his aides, fearing for their lives, tell him only what he wants to hear. Both these incapacities worsen with time and the tyrant becomes increasingly removed from reality. His whims, eccentricities and fantasies dominate state policy. The result is a pattern of monumental mistakes. Saddam Hussein's being consumed with a literary urge, even as his dictatorship was about to be destroyed by the greatest power on earth, points to both his hubris and his ignorance. It also goes far to explain how he could think there were nuclear weapons in the works when they did not exist by the time his political demise began in March 2003. --Sounds just like Judy Collins only with jihad, hate and most importantly killing Jews. Can't have an official Saddam book without killing some Zionists. Rot in hell asshole. I hope Satan has his way with you for eternity. Andrew B.

 By Michael Perry SYDNEY (Reuters) - The Australian government, a staunch ally in the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq (news - web sites), Saturday stood by its decision to go to war despite a U.S. Senate report discrediting the intelligence Washington used to justify it. Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said the overthrow of Saddam Hussein (news - web sites) was justified because Iraq had chemical and biological weapons programs and missiles that could reach beyond a designated United Nations (news - web sites) range. "It is perfectly clear from what we've found out since the overthrow of Saddam Hussein's regime that Saddam Hussein's regime was in clear breach of Security Council resolutions," Downer told reporters Saturday. "He had missiles that exceeded the designated United Nations range. It was perfectly clear he had chemical and biological weapons programs. Chemical shells have been found in Iraq which are supposed to have been declared and destroyed," Downer said. A U.S. Senate committee report said Friday that American intelligence agencies had overstated the threat of Iraqi weapons of mass destruction, relied on dubious sources and ignored contrary evidence in the run-up to the 2003 invasion. But the report found no sign that the White House had pressured analysts to reach pre-set conclusions. The second part of the committee's investigation -- examining how the Bush administration used the intelligence -- was unlikely to be finished before the Nov. 2 presidential election. Australia was one of the first nations to join the U.S.-led war in Iraq, dispatching some 2,000 military personnel to the Middle East and Iraq. Prime Minister John Howard said the war was necessary to stop terror groups obtaining weapons of mass destruction from Iraq. --Thank g-d for people like John Howard. He gets it. He really understands the threat. Andrew B.

 By MUJTABA ALI AHMAD, Associated Press Writer SRINAGAR, India - Security forces and militants clashed in Indian-controlled Kashmir (news - web sites), killing six suspected rebels and a soldier, while at least 30 civilians were wounded Saturday when a grenade exploded on a busy street, police said. Three of the guerrillas and the soldier were killed and a police officer was wounded in a gunbattle overnight in Punch district, police said. The three other slain rebels were killed in a separate battle in the same region, 95 miles southwest of Srinagar, the summer capital of India's Jammu-Kashmir state, the officer said on condition of anonymity. Meanwhile, rebels threw a grenade at a police patrol in the town of Anantnag, 35 miles south of Srinagar, but it missed and exploded on a street, police officer Saif-ud-Din Shah said. Six of the 30 wounded were in critical condition and were hospitalized. Shah blamed the blast on Islamic militants fighting for the independence of the Indian-controlled portion of Kashmir, or its merger with Pakistan. The 14-year insurgency has claimed more than 65,000 lives, mostly civilians. No group claimed responsibility for the attack. --I wonder if the RoP had anything to do with this? Hmmmm...maybe. DUhhhhh you think? Must be those pesky Taoists. Andrew B.

 By AHMED AL-HAJ, Associated Press Writer SA'DAH, Yemen - Five policemen were killed Saturday as security forces continued an offensive against followers of a Shiite dissident in northern Yemen, firing missiles on the militant's mountain hideout. Helicopters were seen hovering over the area of the fighting in Sa'dah, 125 miles north of the capital, and explosions rattled the mountains. Five policemen were killed and three injured, a police official said Clashes first erupted June 21 between the government and followers of Hussein Badr Eddin al-Houti, regarded by officials as an outlaw. Police accuse al-Houti and his followers of sedition, attacking government buildings and security forces, forming an illegal armed group and inciting people not to pay taxes. Al-Houti's armed group — Al-Shabab al-Mo'men, or the Believing Youth — is also said to encourage anti-American sentiment with mosque speeches and demonstrations. On Friday, a Web site affiliated to the Defense Ministry reported that 25 al-Houti followers were killed and 50 others injured. The September Net site announced a reward of $55,000 for al-Houti's capture. According to site, clashes intensified after al-Houti's followers invaded a military base in Miran mountain in northern Sa'dah. It quoted witnesses as saying that four soldiers were killed and four others injured when al-Houti's followers fired at troops with automatic weapons and rocket propelled grenades. At least 41 soldiers and 111 al-Houti followers have been killed since the fighting began. At least another 127 soldiers and 71 al-Houti followers have been injured. The clash between al-Houti and the government is believed to be prompted by al-Houti's status as an outlaw and not as an attack on Shiites, who represent about 30 percent of the Yemeni population. --Just when you thought it was safe to go back to Yemen for that summer holiday you always wanted dear...I guess there is always Paris... Andrew B.

 By IBRAHIM BARZAK, Associated Press Writer GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - An explosion Saturday in a black Mercedes near Gaza City killed three Palestinians, a hospital official and witnesses said. Israeli tanks and helicopters were in the general area, but the nature of the blast in al-Zahra, on the outskirts of Gaza City not far from the Jewish settlement of Netzarim, wasn't clear. The Israeli army said one of its helicopters had fired a warning shot in the area of Palestinian gunmen shooting at soldiers, but not at any car. Israeli forces and Palestinians had been clashing in the Netzarim area in the hours before the explosion. The army said Palestinians had fired two anti-tank missiles and sprayed machine gun fire at Israeli soldiers near Netzarim, but that nobody had been injured. Later, Palestinian medical sources said a medical worker was shot in the stomach and wounded. --Let me guess...a "WORK" related accident...yeah right. Must be that really popular new demolition job in Gaza that everyone is just DYING to do. I think the name of the company was Jihad, Inc. Andrew B.

 ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (AP) - A Pakistani man who returned home after eight days as a hostage in Iraq (news - web sites) said Saturday that his captors beheaded three fellow prisoners, two of them English-speakers, before his eyes. Amjad Hafeez, 26, who worked as a driver in Iraq for an American company, was released on July 2 and returned home on Friday. Hafeez told The Associated Press that the insurgents had locked him in a small room soon after kidnapping him. Three days later, he was taken to a room where he saw two foreigners and an Iraqi beheaded ``by a fat Iraqi man with sword.'' He said the two foreigners were ``English-speaking people'' who were crying, weeping and begging for their lives. He would not say anything more about their identity or nationality. ``I only saw that they were speaking English, and their skin was white,'' he said. It was not immediately clear who the foreigners might have been. Hafeez said they occurred on June 27 at around 10 p.m. Insurgents have beheaded at least two other foreign hostages in Iraq, a South Korean and an American, but they were killed before that date. ``I was also told to get ready for it,'' he said. ``I was so terrified that I started weeping.'' ``I knew that my time had come, but the next day their (the kidnappers') behaviour changed, and they suddenly became nice.'' Hafeez said initially his captors thought he was an American CIA (news - web sites) agent, but when they knew that he was a Pakistani driver and a Muslim, they freed him. Hafeez said the insurgents also told him that they released him because his mother had made tearful pleas through the media to save his life. He was captured by the insurgents near a U.S. base at Balad, 80 kilometres north of the capital, Baghdad. He was employed by U.S. company KBR, formerly known as Kellogg, Brown & Root, a Halliburton subsidiary that provides catering services and living quarters for the U.S. military and American companies working in Iraq. After his capture, insurgents released a video threatening to decapitate him unless all Iraqi prisoners were freed. In the video, Hafeez was shown urging Pakistani President Gen. Pervez Musharraf to close the Pakistani Embassy in Iraq and ban all Pakistanis from going to the country. Musharraf, who has made Pakistan a key ally of the United States in its war on terror, refused to accept the demand, but urged the kidnappers not to harm Hafeez. Hafeez said after his release he received a call from President Bush (news - web sites), who congratulated him. ``I had not even dreamed that the American president would call,'' he said. ``He wished me well, and I said thank you,'' Hafeez said. Hafeez arrived home amid emotional scenes on Friday, greeted by his mother and other family members at Islamabad airport.

 By SUSAN SEVAREID, Associated Press Writer JERUSALEM - As Israeli enlisted American support, the Palestinians sought European backing Saturday for U.N. enforcement of a nonbinding international court ruling that found Israel's massive West Bank barrier to be illegal In the Gaza Strip (news - web sites), meanwhile, residents said Israel tightened a security crackdown now in its 12th day, leaving them short of water, milk and other essentials. The operation, aimed at stopping rocket attacks, began after a June 28 strike in the Israeli town Sderot killed two people, including a 3-year-old. Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom, speaking to Israel radio, said he has asked U.S. officials to prevent the adoption of any U.N. resolution aimed at enforcing the court's decision. The Palestinians have said they will seek the support of the world body's members in the General Assembly, then go to the Security Council. --What a surprise. Should any of this come as a new development in the slow destruction of Israel as we know it? Andrew B.

 By BASSEM MROUE, Associated Press Writer BEIRUT, Lebanon - The leader of Lebanon's Hezbollah said an international court ruling would do nothing to remove Israel's barrier through the West Bank, and he predicted the United States would block any U.N. Security Council effort to enforce the measure. "Americans will be waiting there with a ready veto," Sheik Hassan Nasrallah said at a Friday dinner for Hezbollah-supported winners of municipal elections. In a sharply worded but nonbinding ruling on Friday, the court said Israel should dismantle the barrier, compensate Palestinians who suffered economic losses because of it and return property confiscated for its construction. Lebanese President Emile Lahoud praised the ruling on Saturday and called on the United Nations (news - web sites) to "take its historic responsibility by rejecting the illegitimacy of the barrier and working to achieve peace and stability in the region." The court also called for a negotiated peace settlement that would see the establishment of a Palestinian state "as soon as possible." Israel has insisted it won't change its policy. "What will remove the barrier in occupied Palestine is the intention, will, jihad and resistance of Palestinians and the (Arab) nation," Nasrallah said. He pointed to U.N. Security Council Resolution 425, issued in 1978, that called for Israel's immediate withdrawal from Lebanon after it invaded. Israel did not pull out until 2000, following years of guerrilla attacks spearheaded by Hezbollah. "This international resolution was not able to return for us one inch of our occupied lands," Nasrallah said. "Arabs might be happy for hours or days because of the international court's ruling, but everybody knows that this ruling is nonbinding." But two radical Palestinian groups hailed the ruling as a victory for their people. The Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine described it as "a historical decision and a big legal international triumph for the steadfastness of the Palestinian people and their struggle against the barrier." Ziyad Nakhaleh, a member of the militant Islamic Jihad's politburo, said the decision came at the right time "to demonstrate the injustice inflicted upon the Palestinian people and the hostility of the Zionist entity." In Kuwait, political analyst Ayed al-Manna said that the U.N. General Assembly must now take action. "If the assembly adopts it, it will no doubt be a moral gain, it will annoy Israelis and it could be used to press for a peaceful solution," he said. "Israel will not comply, and that is why (international) pressure is important." The court's ruling by 15 international judges cannot be imposed on Israel, but the Palestinians and the Arab League said they would seek action at the United Nations' General Assembly to force Israel to comply. General Assembly decisions, unlike the Security Council's, are not legally binding. The court on Friday described the West Bank and East Jerusalem as occupied territories, and Israeli settlements in these areas as a violation of the Geneva conventions. The land was captured by Israel in the 1967 Middle East war. --As if Hezbollah is the voice of morality. Please, will someone escort these terrorists to a deep pit shoot them in the back of the head and get it over with? I mean really, what use are these people (if you want to call them that)...you know something...even ANIMALS are kinder to their OWN kind. It's really sick what these, pardon my arabic, but ASSHOLES do in Israel. The rest of the world stands by with eyes closed or even worse, SIDE with the PALEOLITIANS. Disgusting. Revolting. Andrew B.

 By OLIVER TEVES, Associated Press Writer MANILA, Philippines - The Philippines will withdraw its peacekeeping contingent from Iraq (news - web sites) on schedule next month, the government said Saturday, the day militants vowed to kill a Filipino hostage if the troops were not sent home. As the government made its announcement, the Arab television station Al-Jazeera showed a video of the hostage appealing to Manila to give in to the insurgents and withdraw its 51-member force. In a tape Wednesday, the militants threatened to behead the hostage if the government did not comply within three days. The government decision appeared to be deliberately ambiguous, representing the fine line Manila is walking to obtain hostage Angelo dela Cruz's release while remaining one of Washington's closest supporters of the global war on terrorism. The Filipino soldiers are participating in civic projects to help the 160,000-strong foreign force. Before the kidnapping, the government had discussed extending the peacekeepers' mandate beyond its Aug. 20 expiration. But Saturday's statement did not address the issue. A government official said on condition of anonymity that sending troops back to Iraq after August is "not a settled issue at the moment" and any new deployment "will be discussed all over again." Saturday's announcement also did not mention any further action concerning the Filipino contract workers in Iraq. President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo (news - web sites) already barred any more contract workers from going to Iraq, but the statement did not mention any plans to have them return home. The approximately 4,000 Filipino workers on U.S. military bases across Iraq provide food services, janitorial work and building maintenance. The U.S. military, which has diverted as many soldiers to combat duty as possible, would be hard pressed to operate in Iraq without the extra manpower provided by the Filipinos. Earlier this year, three Filipino workers were killed in attacks by Iraqi insurgents. Dela Cruz, a 46-year-old father of eight from the town of Mexico in northern Pampanga province, was snatched near restive Fallujah in an attack that killed his Iraqi security guard. The video Wednesday showing him surrounded by armed, masked men. On Saturday, another video of dela Cruz was shown by Al-Jazeera. "Please, Arroyo, withdraw your forces from Iraq," dela Cruz pleaded on the new video. His voice was inaudible, but an announcer read an Arabic translation of his words. The Al-Jazeera announcer said the video was intended as the hostage's last appeal to his family, government and friends. Dela Cruz reportedly worked as a truck driver for a Saudi company. "To my colleagues in the Saudi company, and all Filipinos who are coming to Iraq. I advise you not to come to Iraq, because there are a lot of problems, and the Iraqi police won't be able to protect you, like what happened to me," he said, according to the announcer. Dela Cruz was alone on the video, wearing a bright orange jumpsuit like that worn by American hostage Nicholas Berg and South Korean hostage Kim Sun-il when they were beheaded by militants. Their killings were videotaped. Behind dela Cruz was a black banner that read: "There is no God but Allah, and Muhammad is his only prophet," and identified the group that captured him as "The Islamic Army of Iraq — Khalid bin al-Waleed Brigade." --Well, i guess terrorism works. What the hell are they thinking. i understand that they want to try to save this guy's life, but let me tell you I am almost positive that they are going to kill him anyway. Then, what? You took the troops and helping hands out of Iraq where the people need you most. This is ONLY going to embolden these terrorists not satisfy them. Andrew B.

 --This guy rocks!! Incredible. I have to tell you guys something...I am going to sleep now...but read this entire story...on the frontpagemag website... Leftist groups from the American Civil Liberties Union to the American Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee have zealously campaigned against "racial profiling" by federal law enforcement agencies, especially when it comes to individuals of the same ethnic and racial backgrounds as the 9/11 terrorists. In doing so, the ACLU and ADC have couched their arguments with language that invokes the specter of blacks being unjustly pulled by redneck highway patrolmen for “Driving While Black.” Racial profiling, we are told, is the last vestige of Jim Crow and has no place in pluralistic, diverse America. Leftists argue that ending racial profiling will only serve to protect innocent Americans from the heavy hand of overzealous police officers, in keeping accordance with the far-left’s general anti-police, “Free-Mumia” mentality. Following 9/11, the ADC and the ACLU formed a close alliance, sharing resources and synchronizing media and political outreach efforts. Both organizations took great pains to their abiding concerned for our national security; after all, they are just as patriotic as the rest of us. In fact, it is precisely their patriotic duty to question and hamper the U.S government's efforts to fight terrorism, through litigation and propaganda. Of course, national security and patriotism are not the true motivators behind these groups’ actions. And the ADC/ACLU front, having been taken at their word, made proving their own intransigence that much simpler.

 ROME (Reuters) - A driver who told a parking attendant "You are nobody!" has felt the weight of Italy's legal system, which ruled the seemingly innocuous words constituted slander -- and fined him heavily. The tiff over a parking space led to Giulio C. being fined 300 euros ($370) plus 500 euros legal costs when a court in the northeast city of Trieste turned down his appeal. The court ruled the phrase 'you are nobody' "means precisely 'you are a nonentity' and to state that a person is a nonentity is certainly offensive because it is damaging to the dignity of a person." The decision led celebrated Corriere della Sera commentator Beppe Severgnini to recall in his column on Friday that this was not the first time Italian appeal courts had deliberated on the definition of slander. Indeed, over the years a sort of "guide to legitimate offence" has been formulated and Severgnini, quoting the courts, gave a few of the more common examples. "Ball-breaker" is not slander because although "an undoubtedly rude expression it is now in common usage." "I'll kick your arse" also passes muster because this is a "robust reaction which should be understood in a figurative way." Under Italian law, the crime of slander is punishable by a maximum fine of 516 euros. --Is it me or is Europe's trial lawyers taking tips from America? Next thing you'll hear about is Muslim women not wanting to take off their veils "Chador" and their head-dress "Hijab" for driver's licenses, visas, etc...

 Fox News Breaks Jimmy Hoffa Mystery The 29-year-old mystery surrounding the death of Jimmy Hoffa is coming unraveled, thanks to the Fox News Channel. Probing the Hoffa case, a team of investigators recruited by FNC's Eric Shawn discovered traces of blood on the floorboards of a Detroit home where Hoffa had been taken for a rendezvous with mobsters in 1975. Instead, Hoffa was shot to death by Frank "the Irishman" Sheeran, a trusted friend, reported Fox. Sheeran, who died last December, was a longtime suspect in the case. "I believe Frank Sheeran picked up Jimmy Hoffa at the Andiamo Restaurant, which was the Macus Red Fox at the time," Shawn told ABC Radio Network's John Batchelor on Friday. "They drove to the [Detroit] house and walked in. When Hoffa realized no one was in there he tried to leave, but he got shot in the head." Shawn said Hoffa's body was later cremated. Sheeran had told Fox News last year that he was Hoffa's killer, but he refused to make the confession on camera. Sheeran's lawyer Charles Brandt told Fox that his client indeed had "pulled the trigger." Brandt details Sheeran's involvement in Hoffa's murder in a new book due out next month, "I Heard You Paint Houses." After Shawn interviewed Detroit-area prosecutor David Gorcyca last week about the blood find, Gorcyca dispatched his own forensic team to rip up the floorboards in the house and run DNA tests.

 LIA LEVESQUE MONTREAL (CP) - The son of a photojournalist slain one year ago in Iran said the Canadian government's efforts to solve the mystery around her death have amounted to "zero." Stephan Hachemi made the remarks before an evening commemorating Zahra Kazemi's death on July 10, 2003, in an Iranian hospital. She had apparently been taken there after being severely beaten by Iranian authorities for taking pictures of a demonstration. Kazemi, 54, held both Canadian and Iranian citizenship and was based in Montreal as a freelance photographer. --I am just shocked that the Canadian government has done nothing for this guy...(sarcasm) Andrew B.

 SANAA, Yemen (Reuters) - Yemeni forces have killed a further 25 supporters of an anti-U.S. rebel religious leader and offered a $54,000 reward for his capture after nearly three weeks of fighting, a government paper said Friday. "Twenty-five supporters of Hussein al-Houthi were killed in the latest attacks on the rebel strongholds and 50 others injured," 'September 26' said on its Web site, adding that one government troop was killed. "A 10 million Yemeni riyals ($54,000) reward has been offered for anyone who captures the rebel al-Houthi to bring him to trial," the paper said, quoting an official source in the Saada area, 150 miles north of the capital Sanaa. The latest casualties raised the death toll to at least 172 after the government launched its offensive in the mountainous province against Houthi and his "Believing Youth" group. The government accuses Houthi, a leader of the Zaidi Shi'ite sect, of setting up unlicensed religious centers in Saada and other provinces and forming what it described as an underground armed group, which has staged violent protests against the United States and Israel. Sources close to Houthi earlier this week put the death toll from the clashes, which began on June 20, at around 200. Government sources say hundreds more of his supporters have been wounded, arrested or surrendered to authorities. Anti-U.S. sentiment is high in the region over the U.S.-led occupation of Iraq (news - web sites) and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. The poor country of 19 million people is also fighting to root out militants linked to Saudi-born Osama bin Laden (news - web sites)'s al Qaeda group. Houthi has not been accused of links to al Qaeda. --Sounds like good news...although I would be a bit leary when it comes to good news from Terror states..(i.e. -Libya) Take a wait and see path on this one... Andrew B.

 By Evelyn Leopold UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. Security Council members struggled on Friday over whether to impose sanctions on militia leaders sowing death in Darfur, with some opposed and Europeans suggesting an arms embargo on all of Sudan. At initial talks on a U.S.-drafted resolution on Thursday and Friday, Pakistan, Algeria, Brazil and others were wary of any embargoes, arguing it would be more helpful to get Khartoum's cooperation, participants in the meeting said. Russia and China also had doubts, although council members said their positions were softening somewhat. At the same time Britain, France and Germany wanted the 15-member council to ready a resolution that would ban arms in all of Sudan, not just Darfur, if Khartoum made no progress in stopping the atrocities. The draft resolution would impose an arms and travel ban on militia leaders, called Janjaweed, who U.S. officials say have considerable wealth. It would give the Sudan government 30 days to implement pledges before it too faces possible sanctions. The United States is considering proposals, with U.S. representative Stuart Holliday saying it was too premature to "access the status of the resolution." "The focus is on the government of Sudan's actions on the ground. That is the number one focus of the U.S. government," he told Reuters. --Would someone please tell me what is there is to be divided on? People are being murdered as we speak and France and company wants to sit on their hands and look pretty..."See we are having a discussion....SILENCE....I am speaking....Ok what were you saying Pierre....OH MY GAWD NO MORE ESCARGO....SACRE BLU...." Andrew B.

 --This is a great website for pure information, with no spin. This is information true and clear of subjectivity. It's the truth. 1. Nationhood and Jerusalem - Israel became a nation in 1312 B.C.E., two thousand years before the rise of Islam. 2. Arab refugees in Israel began identifying themselves as part of a Palestinian people in 1967, two decades after the establishment of the modern State of Israel. 3. Since the Jewish conquest in 1272 B.C.E. the Jews have had dominion over the land for one thousand years with a continuous presence in the land for the past 3,300 years. 4. Arabs have only had control of Israel twice - from 634 until the Crusader invasion in June 1099, and from 1292 until the year 1517 when they were dispelled by the Turks in their conquest. 5. For over 3,300 years, Jerusalem has been the Jewish capital. Jerusalem has never been the capital of any Arab or Muslim entity. Even when the Jordanians occupied Jerusalem, they never sought to make it their capital, and Arab leaders did not come to visit. 6. Jerusalem is mentioned over 700 times in Tanach, the Jewish Holy Scriptures. Jerusalem is not mentioned once in the Koran. There are vague references to Jerusalem in the Hadiths - stories about Mohammed - that he stopped his night journey at ''the edge'' - at the edge of the Temple mount. 7. King David established the city of Jerusalem as Israel's capital. Mohammed never came to Jerusalem. 8. Jews pray facing Jerusalem. Some Muslims (i.e. those between Israel and Saudi Arabia) pray with their backs toward Jerusalem. 9. Arab and Jewish Refugees - In 1948 the Arab refugees were encouraged to leave Israel by Arab leaders promising to purge the land of Jews. Sixty eight percent left without ever seeing an Israeli soldier. 10. The Jewish refugees were forced to flee from Arab lands due to Arab brutality, persecution and pogroms. 11. The number of Arab refugees who left Israel in 1948 is estimated to be around 630,000. The number of Jewish refugees from Arab lands is estimated to be the same. 12. Arab refugees were INTENTIONALLY not absorbed or integrated into the Arab lands to which they fled, despite the vast Arab territory. Out of the 100,000,000 refugees since World War II, theirs is the only refugee group in the world that has never been absorbed or integrated into their own peoples' lands. Jewish refugees were completely absorbed into Israel, a country no larger than the state of New Jersey. 13. The Arab - Israeli Conflict - The Arabs are represented by eight separate nations, not including the Palestinians. There is only one Jewish nation. The Arab nations initiated all five wars and lost. Israel defended itself each time and won. 14. The P.L.O.'s Charter still calls for the destruction of the State of Israel. Israel has given the Palestinians most of the West Bank land, autonomy under the Palestinian Authority, and has supplied them with weapons. 15. Under Jordanian rule, Jewish holy sites were desecrated and the Jews were denied access to places of worship. Under Israeli rule, all Muslim and Christian sites have been preserved and made accessible to people of all faiths. 16. The U.N. Record on Israel and the Arabs - Of the 175 Security Council resolutions passed before 1990, 97 were directed against Israel. 17. Of the 690 General Assembly resolutions voted on before 1990, 429 were directed against Israel. 18. The U.N was silent while 58 Jerusalem Synagogues were destroyed by the Jordanians. 19. The U.N. was silent while the Jordanians systematically desecrated the ancient Jewish cemetery on the Mount of Olives. 20. The U.N. was silent while the Jordanians enforced an apartheid-like policy of preventing Jews from visiting the Temple Mount and the Western Wall.

 By DEREK BROWN ROCK king David Bowie suffered a heart attack during a concert, it emerged last night. The star, 57, fell ill as he performed in Germany and doubled up in agony backstage. He was rushed to hospital where surgeons performed an emergency operation on an acutely-blocked artery. It was originally claimed the South London-born star had suffered a trapped nerve during the show in Scheesel last month. But an insider on his aborted European tour said: "That's codswallop. "He actually suffered a heart attack backstage and had to be rushed to a specialist. The heart surgery wasn't routine. It was a lot more serious than anyone is letting on." Bowie has since been recovering at his New York home with his supermodel wife Iman, 48, and daughter Alexandria, three.

 --this is complete crap! This is obviously made for the Dems. This is a new form of campaigning. I can't believe it. We have been dragged into a Propaganda war. This is propaganda. There are no if ands or buts.... XXXXX DRUDGE REPORT XXXXX FRI JULY 09, 2004 17:05:38 ET XXXXX CABLE WAR: FOX NEWS VOWS TOP FIGHT BACK AGAINST RIVALS WHO TOUT DOCUMENTARY **Exclusive** A new documentary claiming to show Republican bias at FOX NEWS will debut in New York City on Monday. But FOX NEWS executives are preparing to hit back hard -- if rivals self-servingly hype the film! The DRUDGE REPORT has learned that FOX NEWS executives are lining up a parade of employees who formerly worked at CNN & MSNBC and have been downloading information on how editorial decisions are made at these networks, including the agenda for how stories are supposed to be covered. A senior FOX NEWS executive tells DRUDGE: "We have enough ammunition to nail both MSNBC & CNN." Sources say FOX is prepared to go public with these accounts if necessary. Elsewhere, the NY TIMES magazine on Sunday is planning a detailed expose on the FOX NEWS movie, and the question of the documentary's fair use of footage broadcast on FOX NEWS. The doc makers have gone the Michael Moore route, sources tell DRUDGE, and are using material apparently grabbed from satellite feeds -- material that was not seen over FOX NEWS air! One on those "intercepted" feeds has FOX reporter Carl Cameron chatting off-air with Bush during the last campaign, a source claims. Developing...

 © 2004 WorldNetDaily.com The California State Assembly's Democratic leadership refused to allow a Vietnam war hero and former U.S. senator to join in a 4th-of-July ceremony, citing "separation of church and state" concerns and his political views, according to Assemblyman John Campbell. After hearing about the rejection, Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger offered his meeting room Monday for a ceremony with retired Adm. Jeremiah Denton, which was packed to overflowing. Campbell said the Assembly has arranged for many "celebrations" on the floor orchestrated by Democrats, with singing and dancing, including Cinco de Mayo, St. Patrick's Day and Chinese New Year's Day. "But never once have we celebrated America's Independence Day, the 4th of July," he said. So this year, Republican Assemblyman Jay LaSuer of San Diego arranged for Denton to come to California to participate in an Independence Day ceremony. A memo from the Democratic speaker's office, however, said "problems have arisen both with regards to the spirit, content and participation of various individuals with regard to the ceremony." The Democrats said Denton did not believe in the "separation of church and state," and they didn't like the policies he supported as a senator. Denton was a Navy pilot who spent eight years in a Vietnamese prison after being shot down during the war. In 1966 while in prison, he was interviewed by North Vietnamese television in Hanoi after being tortured in an attempt to make him "respond properly." During the interview, Denton blinked his eyes in Morse code to spell out the word "torture." He was asked about his support for the war in Vietnam, to which he replied, "I don't know what is happening now in Vietnam, because the only news sources I have are Vietnamese. But whatever the position of my government is, I believe in it, I support it, and I will support it as long as I live." Four of his eight years in prison were spent in solitary confinement, which he later recounted in his book, "When Hell was in Session." When Denton stepped off a plane after being released from prison in 1973, he said, "We are honored to have had the opportunity to serve our country in difficult circumstances. We are profoundly grateful to our commander-in-chief for this day. God bless America." He later was elected to the U.S. Senate from his home state of Alabama, becoming the first retired admiral ever elected to that body. "Suffice it to say," Campbell said, "Jeremiah Denton is unquestionably an American hero." Campbell said the Assembly had a 20-minute ceremony during its session Monday, but it was to celebrate the career of a retiring Los Angeles Times reporter. Democrats universally praised the reporter as being "balanced," Campbell said, and he was allowed to speak for about 10 minutes. "Four years of Cinco De Mayo and not one recognition of the 4th of July," Campbell said. "An L.A. Times reporter praised, and the very person whose sacrifice allows him to express his opinion is banned. It is perverse. It is wrong. And it is disrespectful to all the men and women in uniform who have stared death in the face and to those who gave the ultimate sacrifice for the American people." Campbell said Democrats are "always railing about intolerance and discrimination," but "in practice, it is they who engage in regular state-sanctioned discrimination and who are intolerant of the presentation of other views. Maybe they are worried that people will listen." Meanwhile, in Gov. Schwarzenegger's meeting room Monday, Campbell said, Denton "gave a very moving speech about the 4th of July and about the undeniable commitment of our Founding Fathers' to their faith in God." Denton said he fears partisan attacks on the U.S. mission and troops in Iraq and Afghanistan sound too familiar to what he experienced in Vietnam. After his speech, attended by only one elected Democrat, Schwarzenegger came out to spend time with Denton, Campbell said. --Wow...what a guy. It kills me that they didnt let this guy speak, but they let a Liberal Journalist speak in his place. It's terrible what these Liberals are doing to this country. I used to be a Liberal and I am ashamed at the Democratic party. Disgusting. Andrew B.

 Read it all... July 9, 2004 -- CYNTHIA McKinney may be on her way back to Con gress: The fringe ideologue ousted from the House of Representatives by Democratic primary voters back in 2002 is now one of the leaders in the race for her old seat. Denise Majette, the woman who beat McKinney in that race in Georgia's Fourth District, has chosen to run for U.S. Senate rather than seek reelection to the House, and the latest polls show McKinney, who held the seat from 1992-2002, in a virtual dead heat with state Sen. Liane Levetan for the Democratic nomination. And 70 percent of the district's voters are Democrats, so the July 20 primary (plus any runoff election) is the real fight. McKinney won a national reputation of sorts with her incendiary statements on everything from 9/11 (suggesting that the Bush administration knew of the attacks in advance) to the American Jewish lobby (which she blamed for her 2002 loss to Majette). Plus, McKinney has long associated with militant Islamic groups whose members have openly supported terrorism. She has also taken donations from individuals suspected of terrorist ties. * In 2000-'01, she got $3,000 from Abdurrahman Alamoudi, founder of the Washington-based American Muslim Council. In October 2003, Alamoudi was arrested and charged with engaging in illegal financial transactions with the Libyan government. Court documents allege he's given financial backing to Hamas and al Qaeda. He is also cooperating with the FBI regarding his role in a conspiracy, allegedly headed by Libya's Col. Moammar Khadafy, to murder Saudi Crown Prince Abdullah. * In 2000, she got $1,000 from Sami Al-Arian and $1,000 more from his wife. Al-Arian is the former University of South Florida professor who was indicted last year on charges that he served as North American leader of the terrorist organization Palestinian Islamic Jihad. * McKinney has also accepted substantial donations from individuals linked to the Holy Land Foundation for Relief and Development, the Benevolence International Foundation and the Global Relief Foundation � three Muslim "charitable" organizations now labeled Specially Designated Global Terrorist entities by the U.S. Treasury Department. But McKinney hasn't just taken money from radical Islamists � she has taken to the floor of the House to defend them: In a 2001 speech, McKinney called Rabih Haddad "a prominent community leader and religious cleric." Haddad was deported to Lebanon from the United States in 2003. He's a co-founder of the aforementioned Global Relief Foundation, which the Treasury Department has said provided financial support to al Qaeda. Treasury has also noted that Haddad worked for Makhtab al-Khidamat (MAK) in Pakistan in the early 1990s. MAK was a precursor organization to al Qaeda that was co-founded by Osama bin Laden. McKinney's defense of Haddad comes as no surprise, given her 2001 vote against the Iran-Libyan Sanctions Act � which passed by a 409-6 margin and was designed to punish Iran and Libya for supporting terrorism � and her past pandering to Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal. In a much-publicized 2001 incident, then-Mayor Rudy Giuliani turned down a $10 million gift to the city from bin Talal after the prince implied that U.S. policy in the Middle East was to blame for the 9/11 attacks. Shortly thereafter, McKinney wrote a letter to bin Talal apologizing for Giuliani's actions and saying that she was "disappointed" that Giuliani had declined bin Talal's "generous offer." When it comes to blaming America first, McKinney has few equals. In September 2001, she refused to join the U.S. delegation in walking out of the rabidly anti-American and anti-Semitic "World Conference Against Racism" in Durban, South Africa. Instead, she issued a press release calling her country's behavior at the conference "obnoxious." McKinney has complained that "thousands of Muslims and Arab Americans . . . have been detained on secret evidence, no evidence, no charges," as a result of the War on Terror. She's also blamed American sanctions for causing "the death of over one million innocent Iraqis." Extremism runs in her family. Following her August 2002 defeat, her father, Billy McKinney, attributed the loss to the fact that "Jews have bought everybody. J-E-W-S." The elder McKinney's hostile attitude towards Jews may help explain his daughter's support of the Palestinian intifada, which she has deemed "a great struggle." With the United States in the midst of a war for its very survival, Georgians � and all Americans � can ill afford the return to office of someone so sympathetic to our terrorist enemies. --Somebody should investigate this disgusting witch. I highly suspect that she is on the payroll of the like of Hamas, Hezbollah, the Saudis...etc. I mean really investigate...I think i am going to contact some people I know in the FBI... Andrew B.

 Al-Qaida terrorists and the remains of Saddam Hussein's regime have developed an organized plan to retake control of Baghdad, according to Iraqi government sources, reports Geostrategy-Direct, the global intelligence news service. The sources told the Al-Taakhi newspaper last week that "coordination and cooperation" exists between al-Qaida and former regime elements, including Baath Party members, Republican Guard soldiers, former security service officers, the Fedayeen Saddam paramilitary forces and the northern Iraqi group Ansar al-Islam. Director of Iraqi Intelligence Muhammad al-Shahwani is worried by the continuous infiltration into Iraq of Afghan Arabs coming in from Iran and Syria, the sources said. Iraqi Interior Minister Falah al-Naqib recently traveled to Damascus to meet with Syrian President Bashar Assad to discuss Syria's role in the infiltration. The sources also said large numbers of Iranian intelligence operatives have entered southern Iraq and have successfully blocked establishment of an Iraqi intelligence service office in Basra. The former regime fighters and al-Qaida terrorists have set up cells in the Baghdad suburbs and in Fallujah. The terrorists plan to coordinate bombing and suicide attacks in several Iraqi cities to produce "security anarchy," the sources said. Bombings are to be followed by armed attacks on police. The plans call for strikes from northern Baghdad and Diyala, then moving to attacks on the regions of Rashidiyah, Tarmiyah and extending to Abu Ghraib regions and then to the Al-Rashid administrative subdistrict and Al-Nasr administrative subdistrict, Yousifiyah, Al-Mahmudiyah and Al-Latifiyah in the south. The objective is to surround Baghdad on all sides with insurgents and attempt to retake the city. The plan has begun with the series of 18 bombings two weeks ago. However, the plan was thwarted when word of it leaked out to Iraqi authorities. Currently, Iraqi and U.S. authorities are conducting mopping up operations in Baqubah, Al-Dhulu'iyah, Balad, Fallujah and Karmah in addition to sections of Beji and some areas of Mosul. In a break from the past, the car bombs in Mosul were believed to be the work of the Islamist Kurd group Ansar al-Islam, not the Zarqawi network. Zarqawi terrorists have conducted operations in Baqubah. --Terrorist scum!!! Andrew B.

 By GEORGE JAHN, Associated Press Writer VIENNA, Austria - An investigation of the black market supplying nations wanting nuclear arms has spread to more than 20 firms — some of them North American — the chief of the U.N. atomic agency told The Associated Press Friday. A senior diplomat identified one of the firms as U.S. based. Demanding anonymity, the diplomat also said the Syria and Saudi Arabia are also being investigated as possible buyer nations, beyond Iraq (news - web sites), Iran, Libya and North Korea (news - web sites) — the countries known to have been in contact with Pakistani scientist A.Q. Khan and members of his procurement network. But the diplomat, who is familiar with the Vienna-based IAEA told The AP that beyond suspicions prompting a continuing investigation, "there has been no proof" on Syria and Saudi Arabia that would warrant them being reported to the board of governors of the International Atomic Energy Agency. In separate comments to The Associated Press, IAEA Director General Mohamed ElBaradei avoided specifics on the locations of the firms supplying the nuclear black market beyond saying there were "over 20 countries, some of them in North America." The diplomat said at least one of them was in the United States. He declined to elaborate, saying the agency "was not yet at the bottom of that story." But he said what is known about that company sheds new light on the activities of the network, known up to now for primarily supplying technology to North Korea, Libya and Iran as part of the process allowing them to make enriched uranium that can be used either to generate electricity or make weapons. --This is some scary stuff. I guess i should go to the local nuke prep store and get ready...cuz the bombs...the be a comin'. Andrew B.

 Friday, July 9, 2004 A TERRORIST ATTACK ATTEMPT ON HUMANITARIAN ROAD IN BEIT-HANUN IDF SPOKESPERSON ANNOUNCEMENT 9 July 2004 A terrorist attack attempt on the humanitarian road in Beit- Hanun in the northern Gaza strip. Early in the afternoon, a Palestinian carrying a bag approached an IDF force standing at the entrance to a special road intended for the humanitarian aid offered to the residents of Beit- Hanun and the area. This road was specially created by the IDF in coordination with the liaison office, in order to ease daily life of the Palestinian population by enabling humanitarian services to arrive more quickly and easily. The force called the Palestinian to open his bag for the purpose of checking him. At this stage the terrorist drew an AK- 47 assault rifle out of his bag, opened fire and threw a hand grenade at the soldiers. The force returned fire, but the terrorist managed to escape to nearby buildings. It is important to stress that this is yet another attempt by the terrorist organizations to carry out attacks at places in which the IDF is operating to assist the Palestinian population.

 By The Associated Press As of Friday, July 9, 875 U.S. service members have died since the beginning of military operations in Iraq (news - web sites) last year, according to the Defense Department. Of those, 651 died as a result of hostile action and 224 died of non-hostile causes. The British military has reported 59 deaths; Italy, 18; Spain, eight; Bulgaria and Poland, six each; Ukraine, four; Slovakia, three; Thailand, two; Denmark, El Salvador (news - web sites), Estonia, Hungary, Latvia and the Netherlands have reported one each. Since May 1, 2003, when President Bush (news - web sites) declared that major combat operations in Iraq had ended, 737 U.S. soldiers have died — 542 as a result of hostile action and 195 of non-hostile causes. --Of course they have to title the article... A DAILY LOOK , which basically insinuates that our guys are dying left and right over there. Just pile up the bodies with a fork-lft. I have said this before and I'll say it again. I think the AP, AFP and all these other news organizations want us to fail. they want our guys to die. If they didn't why would they constantly look over there and count how many of our guys are dead. It's disgusting. We are at war...of course people are going to die. War is a nasty business. That's why it's called WAR. If this kind of reporting was to have happened in World War II...g-d help the allies. We would have surrendered to the Axis long ago. People would have freaked out at the amount of people that died at Normandy alone. Forget what you read in papers and see on TV. What do you feel in your heart...that's the important thing. We are doing a good thing. Period. Andrew B.

 By The Associated Press The following is a sampling of militant and Islamic extremist groups in Iraq (news - web sites). Some have claimed responsibility for beheadings and car bombings; others have only released Internet statements and threatening videos. U.S. officials and analysts have been unable to pinpoint their number, largely because many disband and regroup under different names. _TAWHID AND JIHAD: Headed by Jordanian al-Qaida-linked militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi. Claimed responsibility for beheading U.S. businessman Nicholas Berg and South Korean translator Kim Sun-il, and for car bombings and attacks in recent months. In videotape aired Friday, threatened to kill two Bulgarian hostages if U.S. military does not release Iraqi detainees in 24 hours. _ ANSAR AL-ISLAM: Formed in the Kurdish parts of Iraq. Members served as fixers for other Sunni Muslim extremists entering Iraq, U.S. officials believe. Group also has experimented with chemical weapons; U.S. defense officials fear such an attack inside Iraq. Several members arrested in northern city Kirkuk after string of attacks and assassination attempts targeting Kurdish officials and police. _ ANSAR AL-SUNNA ARMY: Believed to be an offshoot of Ansar al-Islam. Headed by Abu Abdullah al-Hassan bin Mahmoud. Claimed on Web site to have beheaded Lebanese-born Marine Cpl. Wassef Ali Hassoun. Later denied it was behind that message. Hassoun turned up safe in Lebanon on Thursday. The group claimed responsibility for twin attacks Feb. 1 on Kurdish party offices in Irbil, killing 109 people and injuring some U.S. soldiers. _ ISLAMIC RESPONSE, SECURITY WING OF THE NATIONAL ISLAMIC RESISTANCE — 1920 REVOLUTION BRIGADE: Claimed in June 27 video it had kidnapped Hassoun. Video showed Hassoun blindfolded with sword over his head. Group later said it had taken Marine to "safe place." First surfaced in Aug. 12 statement claiming United States was hiding U.S. casualty toll in Iraq to help President Bush (news - web sites)'s election chances. _ SALVATION MOVEMENT: Threatened to kill al-Zarqawi. U.S. officials say group predominantly made up of former Baathists seeking to re-establish political organization. Not considered extremists. _ AL-MAHDI ARMY: Thousands-strong Shiite militia headed by cleric Moqtada al-Sadr. Waged fierce battle with U.S. forces in Iraq's Shiite heartland in April. Hundreds of fighters killed before cease-fire brokered. _ IRAQI LEGITIMATE RESISTANCE: Claims to have kidnapped Egyptian driver shown on video aired on Al-Jazeera. _ IRAQI ISLAMIC ARMY — KHALED BIN AL-WALEED CORPS: Threatened to kill Filipino hostage shown seated in front of three masked men in video aired on Al-Jazeera Thursday night. Group named Iraqi Islamic Army said in March it was working with bin Laden's al-Qaida in attacking coalition forces. _ MARTYR AHMED YASSIN BRIGADE: Claimed on videotape obtained April 10 by Associated Press Television News to have 30 Japanese, Bulgarians, Americans, Israelis, Spanish and Korean hostages. Video showed no images of hostages; there have been no reports of that number of people missing. _ ARAB RESISTANCE MOVEMENT: Previously unknown when claimed responsibility in May for killing Izzadine Saleem, president of defunct Iraqi Governing Council.

 --This is my friend Omar and I have to say this is one of the better articles that I have read in a long time...read it all. Friday, July 09, 2004 Splitting the resistance. When a group of armed men wearing masks appeared on TV threatening Zarqawi, many people considered it a good development. Some thought that “Iraqis are moving”, others thought that GWB plan of “turn them against themselves” was working. “The resistance” was splitting, they thought and considered it a hopeful sign. I, however, couldn’t share their optimism and I have many reasons to be so skeptic about this group and its likes, but let’s 1st ask ourselves some questions: Who are those people and why are they hiding their faces? What exactly they want and why moving now when Zarqawi’s crimes were so obvious for a long time? Are they really serious in their threats?

 By HAMZA HENDAWI, Associated Press Writer BAGHDAD, Iraq - Iraq (news - web sites)'s new human rights minister may be the most potent symbol of postwar Iraq: a member of a long-oppressed minority who has a unique opportunity to prove that Iraqis can put aside ethnic and religious rivalries to come together as a nation. It's an extremely difficult time for anyone, especially a Kurd like Bakhtiyar Amin, to delve into the complex and grim world of Iraq's human rights record — a catalogue of gruesome atrocities committed over 35 years of Baath Party rule during which Saddam Hussein (news - web sites) played a key role. In an interview with The Associated Press, Amin said Iraqis must overcome enemies that include religious fanatics, remnants of Saddam's regime and neighboring countries that don't want to see Iraq become democratic. "I want to help in the creation of a harmonious society," he said. "It will not be easy and it will take time, but we are determined." --I really hope he has what it takes to do the job. I have faith in the new government. Without hope, where are we? Bavk where we started...I presume. Andrew B.

 By URI DAN July 9, 2004 -- JERUSALEM � Israel's Shin Bet security service is investigating the strange relationship between a 27-year-old Jewish woman and the terrorist chieftain she keeps visiting in the West Bank. "I am proof he is not a monster," Tali Fahima says of Zakariya Zubeidi. Zubeidi, 29, is a marked man. He escaped from another commando raid this week, the third time Israeli forces tried to avenge one of his terrorist attacks. But it drives Israel authorities crazy that Fahima is a welcome guest at Zubeidi's refugee camp in Jenin � and they can't risk harming her when they try to kill him. Fahima was arrested after her last visit and held for 10 days on suspicion of "collaborating with the enemy in time of war." Fahima's lawyer, Smadar Ben-Natan, insists this isn't a romantic relationship. "No, Zubeidi is married and has a young child," Ben-Natan told The Post yesterday. "The only tie is the political act of Tali Fahima." But why would a woman from Tel Aviv who voted for Ariel Sharon in the last election say that she is willing to become "a human shield" for the head of the Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigade in Jenin? Fahima told the weekly Hayir that it all started a year ago when she read an interview in which Zubeidi, 29, said his only goal was peace. "I learned about him and the Arabs through the Internet and this made me change my mind, " she said. So she went to Jenin to meet the most-wanted man in the city, who walks around with a Kalashnikov assault rifle and bears the scars of the explosives that blew up in his hands when he was preparing a bomb. "She is naive," says Ben-Natan. "All she wanted was to try to help Palestinian children with computers and things like that." So why was she carrying a gun in Jenin? Everyone in the refugee camp goes around with a gun, her lawyer said, adding, "She just held it for show." Ben-Natan said Fahima was arrested because her visits upset Israeli authorities. "It interrupted their efforts to demonize Zubeidi. And it challenges the Israeli claim that there is no [Palestinian] to talk to. Here you have Tali talking to the guy described as the No. 1 wanted." Talking may help � in a way. Zubeidi was targeted by commandos last week because he had just ordered the drive-by killing of a West Bank settler. Recently Zubeidi was heard to say that he has moderated his views � thanks to Tali Fahima. Now he understands that killing Israelis isn't as justified as killing West Bank settlers. --Is this lady on drugs or is it me? Andrew B.

 By HENRY WASSWA, Associated Press Writer KAMPALA, Uganda - Ugandan rebels unleashed a two-day campaign of arson, looting and murder in remote southern Sudan last month, killing 100 villagers and forcing 15,000 others to flee their homes, a religious leader and Sudanese rebels said Friday. The Lord's Resistance Army rebels attacked six villages around the town of Madgwi, about 30 miles north of the Ugandan border, between June 25-27, said Rev. Paul Yugusuk, an Anglican church official. About 100 villagers were killed, he said. The Ugandan insurgents are believed to have bases in the area. The Equatorial Defense Force, a Sudanese rebel faction based in the area, said at least 122 people had been killed in six villages and 15,000 forced from their homes. --Here we go again...These poor Sudanese people can't catch a break from anyone... Andrew B.

 --Don't you just feel the love? SYDNEY, (AFP) - A former Liberal prime minister has called on the United States government to stay out of Australian politics after comments by US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage on Labor's Iraq (news - web sites) policy. Former conservative leader Malcolm Fraser described Armitage's comment that Labor was split on Iraq as "unforgiveable", saying Prime Minister John Howard's government should make it clear such statements are counter-productive. In an interview with ABC television screened late Thursday night, Fraser said: "The intervention not only of Richard Armitage but of his bosses in our political scene I think is quite unforgivable. --"STAY OUT"...Australian for Kerry for President in 2004. Andrew B.

 By STEPHEN GRAHAM, Associated Press Writer KABUL, Afghanistan - Afghanistan (news - web sites)'s oft-delayed presidential election will take place Oct. 9, its top electoral official said Friday, but a parliamentary vote originally scheduled to be held simultaneously was put off until the spring. The vote is seen as a referendum on the rebuilding of this war-ravaged nation and a test of the ability of Afghan and international forces to keep the peace. It will be the first direct election for president in the country's history. Zakim Shah, head of the joint Afghan-U.N. electoral commission, announced on state television that the body "decided to hold the presidential election on Mizan 18" — a date in Afghanistan's calendar that corresponds to Oct. 9. --This will be a great day in Afghani history and world history. We will be proven right on that day. Everything we have done will be proven right. The people will speak and they will speak LOUD. Andrew B.

 HE HAGUE (AFP) - The International Court of Justice, which ruled that Israel's West Bank barrier was illegal, did not seriously consider Israeli victims of Palestinian attacks, the sole dissenting judge said. "The repeated deadly terrorist attacks in and upon Israel proper coming from the occupied Palestinian territory... and their impact on Israel and its population are never really seriously examined by the court, and its findings barely touch on the subject," US judge Thomas Buergenthal wrote in his dissenting opinion. "I am not suggesting that such an examination would relieve Israel of the charge that the wall it is building violates international law, either in whole or in part, only that without this examination the findings made are not legally well founded," he added. "In my opinion, the humanitarian needs of the Palestinian people would have been better served had the court taken these considerations into account, for that would have given the opinion the credibility I believe it lacks," Buergenthal insisted. The ICJ, the highest UN legal body, ruled in an "advisory opinion" that the barrier Israel is building on the occupied West Bank is illegal under international law and that parts of it should be torn down. The Israeli government, which claims it needs the barrier to protect against suicide bombers, had made clear even before Friday's verdict that it had no intention of halting construction work on the wall, which is due to be completed by the end of next year and should eventually stretch for some 700 kilometers (430 miles). --Yes...He speaks out. I was waiting for this.... Andrew B.

 PARIS (AFP) - The number of anti-Jewish and anti-Arab acts in France is rising sharply, with more recorded so far this year than for all of 2003, the government announced. The "very strong acceleration" in the number of cases was worrying but would be met with resolve, spokesman Jean-Francois Cope said following a ministerial meeting devoted to the problem. President Jacques Chirac on Thursday called for the country to make a dramatic effort to combat racism and for tough punishment to be meted out to perpetrators of anti-Semitic, xenophobic and homophobic acts. The country is home to Europe's biggest Jewish and Muslim communities, estimated at 600,000 and five million respectively. According to interior ministry statistics, there were 135 physical acts (vandalism, arson, assault, and attacks or attempted attacks) against Jews in the first half of 2004, compared to 127 for all of 2003. --Gee...I never would have thought it was this bad...(yeah right) Andrew B.

 By MAGGIE MICHAEL, Associated Press Writer CAIRO, Egypt - Egypt's prime minister and entire cabinet resigned Friday as President Hosni Mubarak (news - web sites) launched an expected major reshuffle of his government. State-run television broke into its regular programming to report that Mubarak named Ahmed Nazief, the 52-year-old former state minister for communications and information, to replace Egypt's prime minister of the past four years, Atef Obeid. The resignations of Obeid and 32 ministers were announced after an emergency cabinet meeting late Friday, marking the first cabinet reshuffle since July 2002. --Let's get rid of them all...and start a new...hopefully with someone that understands DEMOCRACY. Oh and let's stop giving Egypt 2 BILLION of our tax dollars.... Andrew B.

 By Charles Krauthammer Friday, June 18, 2004; Page A29 While no one was looking, something historic happened in the Middle East. The Palestinian intifada is over, and the Palestinians have lost. For Israel, the victory is bitter. The past four years of terrorism have killed almost 1,000 Israelis and maimed thousands of others. But Israel has won strategically. The intent of the intifada was to demoralize Israel, destroy its economy, bring it to its knees, and thus force it to withdraw and surrender to Palestinian demands, just as Israel withdrew in defeat from southern Lebanon in May 2000. That did not happen. Israel's economy was certainly wounded, but it is growing again. Tourism had dwindled to almost nothing at the height of the intifada, but tourists are returning. And the Israelis were never demoralized. They kept living their lives, the young people in particular returning to cafes and discos and buses just hours after a horrific bombing. Israelis turned out to be a lot tougher and braver than the Palestinians had imagined. The end of the intifada does not mean the end of terrorism. There was terrorism before the intifada and there will be terrorism to come. What has happened, however, is an end to systematic, regular, debilitating, unstoppable terror -- terror as a reliable weapon. At the height of the intifada, there were nine suicide attacks in Israel killing 85 Israelis in just one month (March 2002). In the past three months there have been none. The overall level of violence has been reduced by more than 70 percent. How did Israel do it? By ignoring its critics and launching a two-pronged campaign of self-defense. First, Israel targeted terrorist leaders -- attacks so hypocritically denounced by Westerners who, at the same time, cheer the hunt for, and demand the head of, Osama bin Laden. The top echelon of Hamas and other terrorist groups has been either arrested, killed or driven underground. The others are now so afraid of Israeli precision and intelligence -- the last Hamas operative to be killed by missile was riding a motorcycle -- that they are forced to devote much of their time and energy to self-protection and concealment. Second, the fence. Only about a quarter of the separation fence has been built, but its effect is unmistakable. The northern part is already complete, and attacks in northern Israel have dwindled to almost nothing. This success does not just save innocent lives; it changes the strategic equation of the whole conflict. Yasser Arafat started the intifada in September 2000, just weeks after he had rejected, at Camp David, Israel's offer of withdrawal, settlement evacuation, sharing of Jerusalem and establishment of a Palestinian state. Arafat wanted all that, of course, but without having to make peace and recognize a Jewish state. Hence the terror campaign -- to force Israel to give it all up unilaterally. Arafat failed, spectacularly. The violence did not bring Israel to its knees. Instead, it created chaos, lawlessness and economic disaster in the Palestinian areas. The Palestinians know the ruin that Arafat has brought, and they are beginning to protest it. He promised them blood and victory; he delivered on the blood. Even more important, they have lost their place at the table. Israel is now defining a new equilibrium that will reign for years to come -- the separation fence is unilaterally drawing the line that separates Israelis and Palestinians. The Palestinians were offered the chance to negotiate that frontier at Camp David and chose war instead. Now they are paying the price. It stands to reason. It is the height of absurdity to launch a terrorist war against Israel, then demand the right to determine the nature and route of the barrier built to prevent that very terrorism. These new strategic realities are not just creating a new equilibrium, they are creating the first hope for peace since Arafat officially tore up the Oslo accords four years ago. Once Israel has withdrawn from Gaza and has completed the fence, terrorism as a strategic option will be effectively dead. The only way for the Palestinians to achieve statehood and dignity, and to determine the contours of their own state, will be to negotiate a final peace based on genuine coexistence with a Jewish state. It could be a year, five years or a generation until the Palestinians come to that realization. The pity is that so many, Arab and Israeli, will have had to die before then. --I posted the whole thing because it is that important to read the whole thing in one sitting. Andrew B.

 --There is more than this on the townhall.com website WASHINGTON -- Thank God for Hans Blix. Whenever we become lax and forgetful about how the world changed on 9/11, former chief inspector Blix is there to make the case for mindless complacency. In a recent speech in Vienna he warned that one should be wary of the claim that ``the risk that reckless groups and governments might acquire weapons of mass destruction is the greatest problem facing our world today.'' Why? Because ``to hundreds of millions of people around the world, the big existential issue is hunger, and also that wherever you live on this planet, the risk of global warming and other environmental threats are existential.'' Here we are at the crux of a debate over America's aggressive interventionism of the last few years. Is Islamic radicalism in potential alliance with WMD-bearing terrorist states a threat to the very existence (hence: ``existential'') of America and of civilization itself? On Sept. 12, 2001, and for many months afterward, that proposition was so self-evident that it commanded near unanimous support. With time -- three years in which, contrary to every expectation and prediction, the second shoe never dropped -- that consensus has evaporated. (hat tip: Andrew B.) lol

 Rise in black anti-Semitism in France added to Muslim rage has Jews feeling ‘besieged.’ Stewart Ain - Staff Writer Paris — The French Jewish community, which is experiencing an upsurge in anti-Semitic attacks from this country’s Arab community, is now reeling from a new phenomenon — black anti-Semitism, according to the founder of an organization that monitors anti-Semitic incidents here. Sammy Ghozlan, coordinator of the Bureau of Vigilance Against Anti-Semitism, said that in the last six months there have been 20 attacks on Jews by blacks. Ghozlan noted that in the northern Paris suburb of Stains, a group of blacks attacked 10 Jews recently as they left a synagogue. And just two weeks ago, “an American student from a yeshiva was attacked by two blacks who stopped his car and assaulted him.” He said the attacks were “violent aggression, with sticks, and they [the assailants] usually come in a group. … I’m convinced that this trend is going to continue.” Ghozlan, a heavy-set veteran of the Paris police, wore an open shirt and sports jacket as he spoke in his office here with The Jewish Week, another journalist and two young volunteer leaders with the Anti-Defamation League in New York. They were all guests of the French Foreign Ministry, which arranged their weeklong visit to Paris to discuss the current state of anti-Semitism in the country. Speaking through a translator, Ghozlan attributed the attacks by blacks to the black French comedian Dieudonne M’Bala M’Bala. The 37-year-old comic, who has French-Cameroonian parents, created a sensation in December when he appeared on state television to perform what was widely condemned as an anti-Semitic act. He came on stage dressed like a religious Jew and wearing Army fatigues. He then gave the Nazi salute and yelled, “Israel, Heil!” Another time, Ghozlan noted, Dieudonne spoke of Jews being involved in the slave trade. “So blacks are against the Jews because of the way he spoke,” Ghozlan said. Emmanuel Waintraub, a member of CRIF, the umbrella Jewish organization in France, said he heard Dieudonne on the radio this week “saying that Jews were slave traders in the 18th century and now were bankers.” “This is the kind of hate propaganda we have here,” Waintraub said. “It’s coming from every quarter. … Jews have a feeling of being besieged.” He said some of the blacks involved in the attacks apparently are relatively recent immigrant Muslims from African countries, especially Mali, “who feel diminished and depressed. It’s always the same.” It is believed that blacks from the West Indies who have been in France for generations are not involved. Although the anti-Semitic attacks by blacks is a relatively new phenomenon here, in no way has it supplanted attacks on Jews by Arabs, many of them believed to be tied to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, a phenomenon referred to as “the new anti-Semitism.” Last month, Justice Minister Dominique Perben said there had been 180 anti-Semitic incidents so far in 2004, although suspects have been arrested in only 35 cases. A report by the French government in May said there had been a 60 percent increase in anti-Semitic incidents during the first quarter of this year, compared with the latter third of 2003. Yonatan Arfi, 24, president of the Union of Jewish Students of France, which has 15,000 members in 30 chapters across the country, said that although he never experienced any anti-Semitism, there is a perceptible change in the atmosphere. “My sister, who is six years younger, has experienced some trouble and she is at the same schools I attended six years ago,” Arfi said, noting that she saw a swastika on one of the desks and on a student’s hand. “It was nothing aggressive, but it was something that was not possible before,” he said. “Three years ago she was in her secondary school and her history professor asked her to see him at the end of class. When they met, he told her, ‘It’s not great what you are doing to the Palestinians today.’ “So this is now what we are experiencing. There is not a taboo anymore about anti-Semitism and racism.” Patrick Weil, a history professor at Paris University who is an expert on French immigration policy, said he believes that one of the best ways to fight anti-Semitism is through education, and that “it’s very important to educate teachers, too.” He called also for a “more balanced approach in the media.” Unlike in the United States, in which Weil said the media is largely pro-Israel, the French media is pro-Palestinian, he said. Claude Imbert, editor of Le Point, a weekly magazine, agreed that “the media is unbalanced and in favor of the Palestinians and the left. If the media were less biased, the passion would be lower.” Weil said of France’s 5 million to 6 million Arabs, “They have a right to be in solidarity with Palestinians, but they do not have the right to break the law. “We have to teach more about history and have more discussion about the Israel-Palestinian conflict,” Weil said during a discussion at an open-air cafe, “and punish those who are acting [illegally]. When there is an unprovoked attack, you need a strong reaction and the perpetrator needs to be punished. … I think they [the sentences] have not been strong enough.” Controversial Court Cases There was outrage in many quarters last month when a French court acquitted Dieudonne of racial defamation for the December TV appearance. The Union of French Jewish Students was among those filing the case. In her decision, Judge Marie-Therese Feydeau wrote, “The personality created by the accused does not represent people of Jewish confession in their entirety but a certain category of person distinguished by their political views.” Another controversial case involved a French court ruling in the case of two Arab youths of North African origin who were expelled by their prestigious high school in Paris for beating and taunting a Jewish classmate with the words “dirty Jew.” “The Jewish boy had been persecuted for two months,” said Richard Serero, secretary general of the International League Against Racism and Anti-Semitism. After the suspension, the League of Human Rights, which has been accused of having a decidedly pro-Palestinian stance, hired a lawyer for the two Arab youths and conducted its own investigation. The League of Human Rights said it had found evidence that “several children were guilty of violence towards this Jewish boy and that only the two young Arabs were accused because they were Arab,” Serero said. “An administrative court annulled the school’s decision and ordered it to take the boys back,” Serero said. “So the young Jewish boy had to change schools.” Patrick Gaubert, president of the International League Against Racism and Anti-Semitism, said the boy is now attending a Jewish school. He noted that many Jewish children are enrolled in Jewish schools for safety reasons even though their families are not particularly observant. Serero said that when his organization learned of the case, it contacted the Minister of Education, who had not been aware of it. The minister immediately appealed the court decision, which had not only ordered the school to reinstate the Arab youths but directed it to pay each of the boys’ families $1,200. The Jewish boy’s father was invited in January to be the guest of honor at an International League function. The man has since joined its national bureau, “and we continue supporting him in this fight,” Gaubert said. Next week, Serero said he will be submitting to the Education Ministry his group’s own investigation into the incident, “so that the [appeals] court will have a strong” record from which to work. “We want the first decision of the school to be affirmed and the rights of the victim to be acknowledged,” he said. “Perpetrators must not become victims. We want to test the internal regulations at schools to see that the authority of the teachers is not challenged.” Waintraub called the administrative court’s action in that case “outrageous.” He said that to deal with the problem of lenient judges, the Ministry of Justice has organized a “summer school for judges to tell them what anti-Semitism and anti-Zionism is all about. It’s going to start soon. And that very decision of saying we are going to tell judges about anti-Semitism is extraordinary.” Gaubert said he told an aide to President Jacques Chirac in a meeting this week at the Elysee Palace that the “situation for the Jews is intolerable.” Saying he feared that a Jew is going to be murdered in an anti-Semitic attack, Gaubert said he told the aide that the “only person able to speak loud enough is the president of the republic” and that he should speak up now “without having to wait for a demonstration behind a coffin.” “I wish we won’t have to say Kaddish,” Gaubert said, “before [Chirac] decides to intercede strongly.”

 2004-07-04 , 15 Tammuz 5764 Tsahal's spokesman specified that the Israeli aerial units destroyed two weapon factories in the Gaza strip. These plants were used by terrorist factions to produce Qassam rockets. 23:58 On June 23rd, at the exit of the Jewish school Beit Yaacov rue des Prairies (75020 Paris), the children were taken aside by a man aged 30 of North African origin who insulted them with anti-Semitic slurs and threw irregular objects at them. (Guysen.Israkl.News) He threw empty bottlea on a mother's car. He was arrested and brought to the police station. The National Bureau of vigilance against anti-Semitism is surprised that this man was freed. It appealed the police prefect's cabinet. It specified that this man has been behaving this way since November 2003, run over a mother with his car and threatened Jews from the neighborhood with death. Over four complaints were filed. The police units thus received the order to put a stop to such acts. 23:56 ''The official visit of the French minister of Foreign affairs to Yasser Arafat on June 29 registers as an act of hostility whose only purpose is to comfort a weakened and contested leader , in war with Israel because he is the real instigator of Palestinian terrorism'', declared the Franc-Israel association. (Guysen.Israkl.News) This association adds" "On June 2nd, at the National Assembly, Mr. Barnier declared "We are ready to accompany this stage of the withdrawal from the Gaza strip, at the condition that Gaza is not destroyed before it". It is capable of presenting Gaza as a martyr-town like were the towns of Coventry, Dresden or Hamburg destroyed during World War 2. It is such a scandalous slander that the official press release of the Quai d'Orsay decided it was better to censure the minister's last words." 23:55 Tsahal combat helicopters shot missiles, a short time ago, over the Gaza strip. The targets were mainly a tower in the area of Jebaliah (north of Gaza). There also are other targets in the town of Gaza, specifically a weapon factory. According to the Palestinian, there are at least five people injured. (Guysen.Israkl.News) 23:45 Greece wins the Europe cup of Football by defeating Portugal 1-0. (Guysen.Israkl.News) 22:44 59% of the Palestinians support the continuation of the suicide attacks on Israel if there is an opportunity to do so. 67% of the Israelis are in favor of continuing the targeted elimination. Three quarters of the Israelis and of the Palestinian think that their security and their families' security are not ensured. (Guysen.Israkl.News) 42% of the Palestinians and 28% of the Israelis think that there will never be reconciliation between the two parties. A majority of the Palestinians would vote for the Hamas, the Islamic Jihad and would elect Yasser Arafat president of the Palestinian Authority. This survey of the Palestinian center of politics (PSR) in Ramallah and of the Harry S. Truman institute of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem was conducted between the 23rd and the 27th of June by 1320 Palestinian and 502 Israelis. The margin of error is 4.5%. 21:40 According to the Palestinian center of politics (PSR) in Ramallah and the Harry S. Truman institute of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, a majority of the Israelis and Palestinians support the Egyptian initiative and the deployment of an international presence in the Gaza strip after the Israeli withdrawal. (Guysen.Israkl.News) 90% of the Palestinians are in favor of the Hamas taking part in the administration of the Gaza strip after the Israeli withdrawal. 60% of the Israelis think the idea is unacceptable. 69% of the Palestinians think that the terrorist attacks helped to reach the national targets that negotiations would not have reached. This survey was conducted between the 23rd and the 27th of June by 1320 Palestinian and 502 Israelis. The margin of error is 4.5%. 20:45 The laying of the first stone of the tower of Liberty, on the site were the World Trade Center use to stand, was on this Sunday, the 4th of July. (Guysen.Israkl.News) Topped by a telecommunication antenna, it will measure over 541 meters, making it the tallest building in the world. 19:46 The former Prime minister Ehud Barak declared that of the thousands of Israeli victims since the beginning of the second intifada, seven hundred could be imputable to the lack of an anti-terrorist fence. (Guysen.Israkl.News) 18:26 The demonstration organized by the Yesha (Judea, Samaria and the Gaza strip) Rabbis started at the Kotel. It is aimed to protest against Mr. Sharon's unilateral disengagement plan and the participants will pray for the safety of ''the people of Israel and the land of Israel''. (Guysen.Israkl.News) MKs Zvi Hendel (National Union), Itzhak Levy and Efi Eitam (NRP) will taker part in it. 16:24 According to the commander of the Shin Beth (Shabak), Avi Dichter, ''there is no difference, considering terrorist motivation, between the Arabs of East-Jerusalem and the Palestinians in the territories''. (Guysen.Israkl.News) He indicated that the 200,000 Arab citizens of the capital constitute "the most attractive reservoir for the terrorist organizations" once the security fence will be finished. 15:38 The German mediator who is negotiating the last stage of the prisoners' exchange between Israel and the Hezbollah is threatening to stop his mission for a month because of permanent leaks which are perturbing his work. (Guysen.Israkl.News) This is what the newspaper "Al-Intihad", published in the Persian Gulf, indicated. 15:10 The number of candidates to the baccalaureate is on a big rise this year compared to 2003. The number of English papers went from 100,000 to 140,000 and the one for the candidates to mathematics test from 160,000 to 200,000. (Guysen.Israkl.News) 15:10 The number of candidates to the baccalaureate is on a big rise this year compared to 2003. The number of English papers went from 100,000 to 140,000 and the one for the candidates to mathematics test from 160,000 to 200,000. (Guysen.Israkl.News) 14:24 Victor Kriderman(z''l) aged 49, from Mevo Dotan, is the Israeli assassinated on Sunday morning in an automatic weapon attack committed by the Martyrs of Al Aqsa Brigades near Kfar Yaabed in Samaria. (Guysen.Israkl.News) It is the fourth resident of this Jewish locality to die in an attack since the beginning of the second intifada. 13:54 The minister of Social affairs Zevulun Orlev decided to present to a derogatory commission his request demanding that the Jewish settlements of Gush Katif benefice, on the same grounds as Sderot and its surrounding, the government's help because of the Qassam rockets that are being shot in this area. (Guysen.Israkl.News) 12:45 Some Egyptians deputies sent a letter to the Egyptian minister of Foreign affairs Ahmed Maher in order to torpedo the project of drilling a canal along the Philadelphia axis, as suggested a few weeks ago by Tsahal. (Guysen.Israkl.News) "Under the cover of stopping the smuggling of Palestinian weapons at the Egyptian birder, the drilling of a canal is a new attempt to steal the Egyptian underground waters and pollute its water reserves", they wrote. 10:43 ''The Supreme Court's judgment gives a legal answer to the conspiracy which is brewing against Israel at the International Court of Justice (ICJ) of the Hague'', declared Ariel Sharon at the opening of the Council of ministers. (Guysen.Israkl.News) The Supreme Court decided that some of the parts of the security fence should be modified, while the ICJ is to give its consultative opinion on July 9th. 10:25 The government approved the nomination of the substitute of the Right-wing ministers who had been dismissed or had resigned. Meir Shitrit will head the ministry of Transport, Tsipi Livni will receive Construction and Housing and Gidon Ezra Tourism. (Guysen.Israkl.News) 09:29 Qassam rockets are falling continuously this Sunday. After the rocket shot on Sderot and the two aimed at the Erez crossing, two other rockets just landed near two kibbutzim of Shaar Hanegev. No one was injured and there were no damages. (Guysen.Israkl.News) 08:56 Ariel Sharon's bureau firmly rejected the accusation of the American brigade general Janis Karrpinski, who asserted on Saturday on the BBC that Israelis were involved in the questioning of the Iraqi prisoners. (Guysen.Israkl.News) J. Karrpinsli was suspended from her functions in May for ill treatment of prisoners of the Abu Ghraib prison. 07:45 Aborted terror attack Sunday night in Har Bracha, in northern Samaria. Around 1:30 AM a Tsahal unit spotted a terrorist who was nearing the settlement and shot in his direction. Later on, his body was found, together with a Kalashnikov and ammunition. (Guysen.Israkl.News) 07:08 Very early this Sunday, Palestinian terrorists shot on a car in the area of Yabed, in northern Samaria. One Israeli was killed and his wife slightly injured. (Guysen.Israkl.News) If you wish to subscribe a friend, use this tool:

 Read it all...it speaks volumes about the anti-Israel agenda...complete with references to aparteid . STATEMENT TO THE UNITED NATIONS AFRICAN MEETING IN SUPPORT OF THE INALIENABLE RIGHTS OF THE PALESTINIAN PEOPLE Delivered by Mr. Peter Hansen, Commissioner-General, United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East Cape Town, 29 June 2004 I send my greetings to all who have come to Cape Town to participate in this important meeting organized under the auspices of the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People. I also take this opportunity to extend my warmest greetings to the people of South Africa, whose peaceful efforts to transform their country into a non-racial, multi-party democracy and to heal the divisions of the past should be a source of hope for all peoples still locked in unresolved conflict. Israelis and Palestinians continue to yearn for a life of peace, prosperity and harmony. Regrettably, the conflict between them has intensified. Violence and counter-violence, extrajudicial killings and suicide bombings, have continued at an alarming pace. Israeli army incursions and the widespread demolition of houses, most recently in the Rafah area, have caused great misery and torment for the Palestinian people. In May, the Security Council adopted resolution 1544 calling on Israel to respect its obligations under international humanitarian law and in particular its obligations not to demolish Palestinian homes. The resolution also called on both parties immediately to implement their obligations under the Quartet's Road Map. Both parties have accepted the Road Map, which envisions two States, Israel and Palestine, living side by side in peace and security, within secure and recognized borders. I appeal to the parties to fulfil their obligations under the Road Map and international law. Israel should cease its practice of extrajudicial killings, excessive use of force, and other practices which violate its obligations as an occupying power to protect the civilian population. The Palestinian Authority should take decisive action to halt all acts of terrorism against Israeli civilians. It should also take steps to reform Palestinian security forces and empower the position of Prime Minister. The construction of the barrier in the West Bank continues to be a cause of great concern as well. The project has resulted in the confiscation of Palestinian land and restrictions on the freedom of movement of people and goods. It also runs contrary to the spirit of the Road Map, as it threatens the future establishment of a viable and independent Palestinian State. The international community stands ready to assist the parties in realizing their aspirations for peace. On 4 May, the Quartet met in New York. The communiqué issued at the meeting reaffirmed a number of important principles. The Quartet stressed that a final settlement of the conflict should be negotiated between the parties themselves. It should be arrived at on the basis of Security Council resolutions 242, 338, 1397 and 1515, the terms of the Madrid peace process, the principle of land for peace, previous agreements, and the initiative of Saudi Crown Prince Abdullah endorsed by the Beirut Arab League Summit, and it should be consistent with the Road Map. The Quartet believes that the declared intention of the Government of Israel to withdraw from all Gaza settlements and parts of the West Bank could provide a rare moment of opportunity in the search for peace in the Middle East. Withdrawal from Gaza might even be used as a bridge back towards resuming a meaningful peace process – if it is complete, if it is done in consultation with the Palestinian Authority, and if it is carried out as part of the Quartet's Roadmap. It must also lead clearly to an end of the Israeli occupation of Palestinian territory. The United Nations, together with international donors and civil society, is determined to continue its work to improve the living conditions of the Palestinian people and alleviate the humanitarian situation that has worsened so dramatically during more more than three years of strife and movement restrictions. UNRWA's support for the Palestinian population in the West Bank and Gaza Strip is ever more crucial, particularly when over 60 per cent of the population lives below the poverty line. Around 1.1 million depend on the Agency for food aid, up from less than 130,000 in September 2000. I therefore reiterate my call to the donor community to fully meet the urgent requirements identified by UNRWA and other United Nations agencies to address humanitarian needs in the occupied Palestinian territory. I extend my best wishes to this gathering taking place in southern Africa. I hope that the vision, energy and experience of the eminent personalities and participants at this Meeting will generate fresh ideas and open up unexplored avenues, aimed at building understanding and peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians. Allow me also to extend my gratitude to the Committee for its tireless work towards peace in the Middle East. --words have failed on many occasions, but this time I am completly speechless and hold on....................sorry I just got sick from reading it again...... Andrew B. (Hat tip: Teri)

 Check it out... (Hat tip: Teri)

 Welcome to ProtestWarrior.com, a website created to help arm the liberty-loving Silent Majority with ammo -- ammo that strikes at the intellectual solar plexus of the Left. Encouraged by our successful crashing of the February 16th San Francisco anti-war protest, we decided it was time for the Left to put down their megaphones, peel off their bumper stickers, and listen to the people who believe in the core values of this country. It's time to start making a little noise... --I urge all of you to go to this site and help out. There are trolls out there that need to learn the truth. Andrew B

 The first appearance of Saddam Hussein before an Iraqi judge prompted reactions in the Iraqi press. The following are excerpts from several op-eds: 'Empathy [for Saddam] among Viewers will Diminish Gradually when the Trial Exposes His Crimes' The Iraqi daily Baghdad reported that the head of Saddam Hussein's defense team, Muhammad Al-Rashdan, "received a phone call from Salem Al-Chalabi, the president of the special Iraqi court which is trying Saddam, in an effort to 'facilitate the team's task' to defend its client..." According to Al-Rashdan, Al-Chalabi informed him that "according to Iraqi law only an Iraqi lawyer can plead a case [in front of an Iraqi court], but he added that he did not agree with Al-Chalabi in this matter. He also said that Al-Chalabi suggested that the defense team appoint an Iraqi lawyer, or allow the Iraqi court to appoint one... Al-Rashdan said that the defense team has already started its contacts to select an Iraqi lawyer who will accompany it in Iraq..."(1) The same newspaper published an op-ed by Dr. Rif'at Sayid Ahmad about the televised court proceedings, in which he bemoaned the fact that some of the Iraqis who viewed the proceedings "empathized with this despot when he answered the questions of a much younger judge... Is it the psychological masochism of the victim?... Is it the hatred of the occupation and its aftermath and results, of which – in their opinion – this trial is one? Is it the true love of whatever is 'Arab' even if it is more deadly and immoral than any invading foreigner?... And although I do not dismiss those questions, I am left facing [the explanation that] ignorance of what this tyrant has committed is the reason for the empathy which existed among viewers, and which will diminish gradually when the trial exposes the crimes and scandals [that Saddam committed]..."(2) 'We Need a Judiciary to Try Not Only the Executioners, but Also Put Their Partners in the Defendants' Box' The independent daily Al-Sabah Al-Jadeed maintained in its editorial that "the Iraqis will not be able to accomplish the historical task of trying their former dictator without the assistance of international and humanitarian expertise that was obtained in trials against Nazism and Fascism and their heirs, such as the defeated dictator Slobodan Milosevic, the executioner of the Balkans and the Yugoslav nations..." The paper points out that there are several outstanding Arab justices, "such as Muhammad Bajawi, the former head of the International Tribunal [in The Hague] and the author of the Algerian constitution, and justice Fouad Riyadh, an Egyptian who is a genius in international law and one of the founders of the International Tribunal For War Crimes in Yugoslavia..." The paper goes on to say: "We also need tremendous self-confidence to overcome the early obstacles that precede the actual trial of the worst criminal in international history... In this besieged and compromised Arab and Islamic world, the conspirators and robbers of fortunes and sovereignties are still wreaking havoc. They are not ashamed of their crimes and unafraid of facing their Creator. [Therefore] we need a smart judiciary that will not only try the executioners, but will put their direct and indirect partners in the defendants' box, because they contribute to the nation's defeatism and to the denigration of the people who are the [true] owners of [their] sovereignty and fortunes..."(3) And it goes on... --This is a good article on how the Iraqis are viewing the coverage of Saddam's trial. It is interesting to see the viewpoint from Iraqis and not ours (American). Andrew B.

 PA Confirms Terror Ties --It's about time someone confirmed it as if we didn't know already. Andrew B.

 --There is more to it than this, but read the whole thing at the website.-- Washington Post and AP relate only part of landmark Israeli Supreme Court rulings. The legality of the Israeli security fence remains in the media spotlight, with two binding rulings issued by the Israeli Supreme Court last week, and an upcoming (July 9) 'advisory opinion' expected from the World Court at The Hague. At stake are two questions: ● Is the proposed route of the fence fair to both Israelis and Palestinians? ● More fundamentally, is the very construction of the security fence justified under international law? Addressing the first question, the Supreme Court ruled that the fence should be re-routed in certain regions around Jerusalem to address humanitarian concerns. The army immediately complied. Media reports were quick to convey this portion of the ruling. The Washington Post granted it front-page status, and the Associated Press issued a broadly-published report. But these same media outlets were remiss in bringing to readers' attention the much more fundamental, second ruling of the high court ― upholding the fence's legal justification as a security measure. AP sets the tone for their article with the opening phrase: Israel's Supreme Court sided with the Palestinians in a precedent-setting decision Wednesday, ordering the government to reroute part of its West Bank separation barrier near Jerusalem because it causes too much suffering. And the Washington Post mentions the court's fundamental acceptance of the fence only as an afterthought ― in paragraph 18 of a 19-paragraph article ― stating that the court "did not find that the barrier was being constructed for political reasons, as Palestinians have alleged."

 July 9th, 2004 Israel's security barrier As some await the ICJ's non-binding advisory opinion, I am confronted with the usual dilemma: On the one hand, how can such an occurrence pass with no comment; on the other hand, any article on the topic lends credence to an organization that in the final analysis is nothing but an extension of the reeking sewer known by the abbreviation, "UN". The dilemma is complicated further by the fact that the Arabs and their hordes of sympathizers will use the non-binding advisory opinion (which will definitely be anti-Israel - we're talking here the UN cesspool) to pass yet another anti-Israel resolution. Bearing these considerations in mind, my strategy is this. Ted has already posted two info-oriented pieces (Pocket Guide, and ICJ) so I deem IsraPundit coverage of the factual aspects to be sufficient. When the actual text is released, we will provide a link for documentation purposes. For the action side of things, I am reproducing below a letter I sent to my hometown broadsheet, the Ottawa Citizen. Later today, I intend to send a similar letter to my government and MP's. I ask our readers, especially the Canadians among our readers, to contact the government and parliamentarians to ensure that Canada doesn't revert to its usual delinquency of voting against Israel.

 Sorry for this tear jerker but I had to post it....really an amazing story... You're heart really goes out to this little kitten... Andrew B.

 July 09, 2004 They say Osama is alive, but they don't seem to have his phone number. As for the threats to try something that would influence the elections, that is nothing new. Ever since the Madrid bombings of March 11, it has been likely that Islamic terrorists would try something here before November (or early in that month). From CNN, with thanks to Jeffrey Imm: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A plot to carry out a large-scale terror attack against the United States in the near future is being directed by Osama bin Laden and other top al Qaeda members, senior intelligence officials said Thursday. Bin Laden and his top lieutenant, Ayman al-Zawahiri, are overseeing the attack plans from their remote hideouts somewhere along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border, according to senior intelligence officials. "This type of plotting, this type of operational activity, is being done with the direct direction and authorization of that senior leadership," said one official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. A Democratic senator who attended Thursday's CIA and FBI briefing said, "It is the most worrisome situation since 9/11" without elaborating specifically. Arrests of terror suspects in Europe and the Middle East resulted in the new warning, said Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge. "We lack precise knowledge about time, place and method of attack," he said. "But along with the CIA, FBI and other agencies, we are actively working to gain that knowledge." A senior U.S. intelligence official said the warning was based on "a very strong body of intelligence." The planned attack is "an effort to disrupt the democratic process" before November's elections, Ridge said.

 I have posted the enitre article...please read it all! By Jamie Glazov FrontPageMagazine.com | July 9, 2004 Fronpage Interview’s guest today is Walid Shoebat, a former PLO terrorist who has become an ardent Zionist and evangelical Christian. FP: Mr. Shoebat, it is a privilege to have you as a guest. Welcome to Frontpage Interview. Shoebat: Thank you FP: Tell us a bit about the violent culture you come from. Shoebat: This question requires an entire book to respond to fully, but simply put, one must never forget Nazi Germany. Nazism was the process of robbing the religious institutions, arts, media, and the social fabric of the German society. Likewise, in the Middle East, one can find the same elements as Nazi Germany, with a crucial difference: 1 - This form has a religious twist to it – Islamic fundamentalism. 2 - This goes beyond one country as Germany. Islamic fundamentalism is attempting to spread itself throughout 55 Muslim states. But like Nazism and Communism, it has no respect for national borders and the end justifies the means. Now, what type of a child can a system like this produce? So I was taught day-in-and-day-out: Jew-Hatred. In the mosque, songs, social life. Hatred develops like drug addiction, from stone throwing to Molotov cocktails to ending up planting a bomb. FP: Why is it so vital for Palestinians to hate Jews? Shoebat: Once the disease has been identified in my lines above (Islamo-Nazism), it would be easy to respond to your question with a question - why do Muslim fanatics behead Americans on TV? Well... they hate Americans, but is it only Americans? Koreans die as well as even other Muslims. The response to this question has been well documented in history - why did Nazis destroy 6,000,000 Jews by public shooting and extermination camps? And even Germans who didn't agree were exterminated as well. Cult-like hatred. Nazism is a cult, a process to brainwash an entire society to believe that Nazi Germans are more special then others. The Arian special race in Nazism was one of these methods. In other words, an unhealthy dose of extreme national pride can go too far. Evil in Nazism didn't have to outwardly say "kill Jews" right from the start, but simply made Germans think in such pride to say "you are a special people, better then anyone else". From that point, the rest was history. Similarly Islamism, the process of saying that Muslims are better then others, that we need to Islamize the world by the sword. This cult has gone as far as to kill and behead people in front of a camera, carry body parts in Ramallah and praise Allah in public view for the whole world to see. It is one thing if a private cult practiced some sick idea, but when the entire city of Ramallah openly carries body parts and praises Allah for the death of Jews? The difference is that the first is condemned by the others. Yet this is not the case in "Palestine" and much of the Arab world who paraded the death of almost 3,000 Americans who died in 9/11. Very few dare to object (besides public officials for the media’s sake), they would be branded as traitors and publicly lynched. One can see several photos of public lynchings in "Palestine" and they are done openly with the blessings of entire populations. What were the crimes of the victims? They didn't follow the party line. Period. These are the things you rarely hear or see in the media today. FP: Do you agree that the yearning for murder and suicide in Palestinian culture - and in Islamic-Arab culture in general -- would not disappear even if Israel and all Jews disappeared from the face of the earth? Shoebat: I agree. Even if every Jew is dead it would make no difference. As I responded previously, they kill anyone who is not like them. The goal is "Islam to the world." This is the banner you see them carry all over their demonstrations. Palestine and its cause is hardly a secular one, it is far from being multi-ethnic or multi-religious. The Palestinian charter is calling for an Arab state (with no Jews allowed) and Islam as a the official state religion. It is crucial to ask ourselves: why? Why are Jews not allowed to exist in this state? Why Islam a state religion? I had thought that we are living in a world of tolerance. Not so in the Arab world with a culture that has a short fuse. Arafat was always kissing Sheikh Yassin for his own survival. He knew that if he diverted too much from the main line of Islamism that he would die. Much of the Arab world is still calling for the destruction of the Jewish state. The only difference between Hamas and the PA is the dose of Islamofascism. If Hamas introduced 1000 mg, 500mg Sharia law (both government and secular), and 500mg Jihad, Arafat would introduce 250mg Sharia (Islamic civil law) and 500mg pure Jihad. FP: Tell us the significant stages that led to your decision to reject your culture and its terrorism. Shoebat: I had to go through a self-detoxification program. A daily dose of questioning everything I believed in. It started in 1993 and progressed by studying the Jewish Bible, arts, and history. It was sparked by a question my wife asked me in the process of me Islamizing her - "Show me the bad things the Jews did in the Bible?" In the Bible, all I found was that the Jews were on self-defense mode throughout Bible history, and even until now. From Babylonians, Assyrians, Amorites, Philistines, Edomites... always in self-defense mode. While I learned in my Islamic study that when the Jews come back to the land, that we will kill them, and the trees and stones will cry out: here is a Jew hiding behind me, come O Muslim, come and kill him. One is on self-defense mode, and the other on the attack. Why? Then I started on the arts, songs, movies, culture. I began with Fiddler on the Roof. This was Jewish culture 101. I watched it over 350 times. Then came Jewish songs, with not a single song that had the words "kill", "war" or "death". After I expressed my findings, my enemies accused me of transforming from one extreme to another. They accused me of being racist. When I was a terrorist I was labelled "freedom fighter", but for loving Jewish culture, Jewish religion, Jewish preservation, I was called a racist. Then I made a trip to the Holy Land, stopped with shock in Hebron when I saw Palestinians stone the Jewish bus in Qiryat Arba'a. The taxi I was sitting in wanted to leave and I asked him to stop. I wanted to see this. The Jews took the stones without a single word of anger. Quietly entered the bus. I couldn’t believe what I saw. Why I asked? Not why they stone Jews, but why it's making me so sad to see Arabs stoning Jews. I had thought that we hated Zionism and not Jews. Why were Jews not allowed to exist in Arab villages, yet Arabs exist in Israel proper? This and thousands of questions. I realized that I was being infected with all of these feelings. I concluded that if love was an "infection" I prayed to God that I get plagued with it, and that I never recover. Is this my sin? That I began to love Jews? As well as Hindus, Buddhists, and Moslems? To love life is a sin? To want to preserve both Jewish children and Arabs is a sin? I was so hurt when my cousin Raed was killed on his way to plant a bomb in Ben Yehuda Street, yet I also felt bad for the kids he was about to kill. I realized that he was infected with a Nazi like cult just as I was. To love ourselves is easy. To love our children is easy, but the deepest love is to love other people's children as well. Adoption was made null and void in Islam, yet I saw in the Judeo-Christian culture that adoption is a beautiful thing. Hatred is a cancer that spread. I know that they say that Islamism is only 15% of the Muslim world, but it's a cancer, and it's spreading. We are not winning fanatics into the fold, but loosing secular Muslims to the fanatics. We need to put on a fight. Extracting cancer is painful. The scales began to fall from my eyes a year later and documenting everything. I decided to convert to Christianity as a result and fight for justice for Jews everywhere. It's a myth that Palestinians are the underdogs, it's not an Israeli-Palestinian war, but an Arab-Islamofascist war. Once we get the big picture, we can see who the under-dog is - the Jews. There was only one reason we called for the destruction of Israel, and one reason alone - we simply hated Jews. FP: What do you think of Western leftists who demonize Israel and exonerate Islamic-Arab terror? What is their psychology? Shoebat: I am not into modern psychology and at times I have clashes with "psychoanalyzing" everything. How do we psychoanalyze Hitler? Can we psychoanalyze evil? Some try. But since you asked me to do so I will try. There are two types of "leftists". One is naive and believes in his cause out of what he thinks is love. These are a group of people who think they are dreaming of peace but view it through tunnel vision. Peace cannot be obtained in a vacuum without using truth and justice. This group unfortunately dominates much of the Jewish community and the western world. With the Jewish community, they allowed their enemy to put a wedge called "Palestine". Now the Jewish community is divided either pro or against a Palestinian state. I am not against such people, at least we all need to unite to SAVE Israel and Jewish existence. At least this group should adjust and stand for a "democratic Palestine", a "multi-cultural multi-religious Palestine." Yet they are blind to what is the intention of Arafat and Hamas. This is the group who had hopes in Oslo. They condemned me for saying that Oslo will bring more dead Jews. This was in 1993. Today not one single member of the "lightly breaded lefties" say the Oslo indeed brought peace. They all realize that if Arafat had his way, they too will be deep fried. The other type are these groups that attack Israel in their claim to love the world, yet are silent towards the real issues, silent when over a million Sudanese are butchered. Silent when Christians die in Indonesia, or Cypriots are killed by Turks. Silent regarding women's rights abuses. You never hear a peep. But when Israel defends itself, and in the process they kill attackers. They are too quick to point their fingers in isolating Israel as the world villain. To this group, if they saw the unprovoked stoning of Palestinians against the minority Jews in Hebron as I did, they will always conclude that the Jews must have done something to deserve this. That it takes two to tango. To these I have but a simple question – what did the Jews do to tango in Nazi Germany? The Jews of Hebron at one time were all exterminated with the men's testicles cut off, women raped, their breasts cut off, and babies slashed to death. This happened way before the so-called occupation when Haj Amin Al-Husseni called to "kill them were ever you find them and rape their women" as he collaborated with Hitler to rid the Muslim world of Jews and even organized an SS Khanzar Muslim division for the service of Adolf Hitler and literally Islamo-Nazism. No one talks about the Hebron massacre, and everyone talks of Jenin, forgetting that many Israeli soldiers were killed in their attempt to dismantle bomb making houses. When does the world blame the law for a drug bust? These are lead by wolves in sheep's clothing. But even wolves can be transformed into sheep. Nothing is impossible in my view. After all, I myself was once a wolf. FP: Walid Shoebat, thank you for joining us today. You are a truly courageous man and we wish you all the best. Shoebat: Thank you Jamie.

 I am going to break down this article...I can't believe the bias on this one... By Mark Heinrich JERUSALEM (Reuters) - The World Court will rule on Friday that Israel's West Bank barrier, which has caused hardship for thousands of Palestinians, violates international law and should be torn down, a leaked copy of the ruling showed. A spokesman for the European Commission (news - web sites) said the decision seemed to confirm the European Union (news - web sites)'s view that the barrier was illegal and urged Israel to remove it from occupied territory. -- A spokesman for the European Commission ...I would like to know WHO said that...they never give you specifics always a vague reference to some "source" that as far as I am concerned, doesn't exist. -- Israel has said it will disregard the court's non-binding advisory decision, calling its barrier a vital security bulwark against infiltrations by Palestinian suicide bombers. -- This is probably the ONLY thing said positive about the reasons of having this barrier...only one sentence. Hmmm can we say bias? -- The court acknowledged Israel's duty to protect its citizens but said it must do so within the law and should compensate Palestinians for homes and land lost or damaged by the building of the 100-meter (yard) wide strip of walls, ditches and fences. Palestinians brand the barrier a precursor to annexation of land Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East war and where they seek a viable state under a U.S.-backed "road map" peace plan. -- Ok, lets remember people that in 1967 Israel was ganged up on by its neighbors all at once and Israel kicked their asses, big time. After defeating the enemies the land that was won, was used as a buffer zone between Israel and it's terrorist neighbors. -- Only American judge Thomas Buergenthal dissented from his 14 international colleagues' opinion, the leaked document showed. -- Thank g-d for this guy. At least there is one person with some chutzpah to stand up to this witch hunt. -- The leaked document said the court would declare fences and walls infringed the rights of Palestinians trapped by twists and turns in the barrier that take it around Jewish settlements. "The construction of the wall along the route chosen and its associated regime are contrary to international law," said the document leaked to Reuters in Jerusalem before its slated 3 p.m. announcement in The Hague (news - web sites) where the court is based. -- The construction of the wall along the route chosen and its associated regime are contrary to international law Ok so let me get this straight...now the Israeli regime , gotta love that regime word...makes Israel sound like a dictatorship, is now illegal too. Read the context of the sentence, this is very tricky use of language here...the important thing in that sentence is the use of the word AND . In essence, the path of the barrier AND it's associated regime are contrary to international law . That's bullshit in my opinion. -- "The court is not convinced that the construction of the wall along the route chosen was the only means to safeguard the interests of Israel against the peril it invoked as justification," the leaked document read. U.N. ACTION URGED The leaked text urged follow-up action by the U.N. General Assembly and U.N. Security Council, which could heighten Israeli concern about a move to impose sanctions on the Jewish state. -- You have to love how they constantly refer to Israel as the Jewish State as if it were a disease or something. -- "The court is of the view that the United Nations (news - web sites), and especially the General Assembly and Security Council, should consider what further action is required to bring an end to the illegal situation resulting from the construction of the wall." Palestinians tend to enjoy considerable support at the United Nations. But Israel looks to the U.S. veto in the Security Council to block any bid to punish it in the way that apartheid South Africa was after the World Court ruled its occupation of South West Africa, now Namibia, illegal in 1971. -- Here we go again...Of course the Palestinians have considerable support at the UN...everyone HATES ISRAEL. Oh and who can't overlook the incredible, but predictable aparteid comparison. How could compare the two. Totally different situations. Completely different in every respect. -- WORLD ATTENTION -- Just the title alone is laughable... World Attention . If the world had any attention span, then the Sudan issue would be fixed, problems in Cyprus, Philippines, Nigeria, Sierre Leone, Colombia, Chechnya, Uzbekistan, China, Taiwan, North Korea, Morocco, Canada, etc... I could go on and on and on. -- The World Court, the top U.N. legal body formally known as the International Court of Justice, acknowledged documents had been circulated before its announcement but said in a statement: "The registrar of the court wishes to make it clear that the only authentic text is the official text issued by the court." -- Nice snake-like move to once-remove yourselves from this early released document...incredible how sneaky some people are to fit their own agenda. -- Israeli and Palestinian officials declined comment before the ruling was announced. Palestinian President Yasser Arafat (news - web sites) said on Thursday: "We put tremendous faith in this court." -- No...I think you put tremendous faith into homicide bombs in Israel, of which you have personally signed off on the legality of these terrorist attacks. You Mr. Arafat (as if I should even address him as a human being) are contemptable in every respect. You are the main, but not the only obsticle to peace. Once you and your goon squad are out of the picture and Inshallah someone with real political credentials and religious moderation will lead the Palestinian people. -- The General Assembly requested an opinion in December and the Hague court held hearings in February overshadowed by public lobbying and demonstrations from both sides. The ruling was expected to be one of the most closely monitored in the 58-year history of the World Court and attested to paralysis in Middle East peacemaking after years of violence. Israeli officials say the barrier, about a third of whose planned more than 370-mile length has been built since 2002, has already pre-empted dozens of suicide bomb attacks. Such bombers have killed hundreds of Israelis. "We will abide by the ruling of our own High Court and not the panel in The Hague with judges from the European Union who are not suspected of being particularly disposed toward Israel," Justice Minister Yosef Lapid told Israeli Army Radio Friday. -- Thank g-d for standing up. Never give your sovereignty to an Orwellian sounding court like the World Court . Five of the 15 judges are from the European Union. Last week Israel's top court ordered one segment of the barrier re-routed to avoid cutting off Palestinian villagers from farms, jobs, public services and cities, but ruled Israel had a right to build it in the West Bank on security grounds. European Commission spokesman Jean-Christophe Filori said the EU had long felt the barrier's route did not adhere to the 1949 armistice line between Israel and the West Bank and that it could hinder peaceful solutions to the conflict. -- Look at it this way...less Israelis are dying now. I think that should speak for itself. The last article I read on World Net Daily ( urlLink World Net Daily ) said that out of 109 attempted homicide bombings 105 have been stopped. It is not a perfect score, but none-the-less, More Israelis are being saved by this barrier. It shows that Israel will never negotiate with terrorists or terrorist states. Andrew B.

 By Shlomo Shamir, Haaretz Correspondent The Catholic Church condemned anti-Zionism as a cover for anti-Semitism by means of a joint statement issued by a forum of Catholic-Jewish intellectuals this week. The announcement was made at a gathering of religious, academic and other leading Jewish and Catholic figures in Buenos Aires. "We oppose anti-Semitism in any way and form, including anti-Zionism that has become of late a manifestation of anti-Semitism," the statement said. This is the first time that anti-Zionism and anti-Semitism have been equated by the Catholic Church. The statement also includes a stern condemnation of terrorism, particularly terror in the name of faith. "Terror is a sin against man and against God. Fundamentalist terrorism in the name of God has no justification and cannot be justified." Ilan Steinberg, director of the World Jewish Congress, one of the forum's organizers, described the joint statement as "an historic moment." "For the first time, the Catholic Church recognizes in anti-Zionism an attack not only against Jews, but against the whole Jewish people." Senior Jewish figures called the announcement a significant, public statement of support by the Catholic Church in the face of anti-Zionism. "In the past, Zionism was equated with racism, and this statement turns anti-Zionism statements to a form of racism," a Jewish leader said in New York. The statement joins a prior European Union announcement and UN declaration of war against anti-Semitism as part of a global front fighting the scourge. --Well...to be honest, it's about time. Finally someone see the light. Now all we have to do is wait for the Islamic community to do the same. (Man this could be awhile) Something tells me that by the time that happens, I won't be around anymore or I'll have white hair (if any). Andrew B.

 If you don't know yet...then read the whole thing on the website: urlLink www.dhimmi.org Dhimmitude: the Islamic system of governing populations conquered by jihad wars, encompassing all of the demographic, ethnic, and religious aspects of the political system. The word "dhimmitude" as a historical concept, was coined by Bat Ye'or in 1983 to describe the legal and social conditions of Jews and Christians subjected to Islamic rule. The word "dhimmitude" comes from dhimmi, an Arabic word meaning "protected". Dhimmi was the name applied by the Arab-Muslim conquerors to indigenous non-Muslim populations who surrendered by a treaty (dhimma) to Muslim domination. Islamic conquests expanded over vast territories in Africa, Europe and Asia, for over a millennium (638-1683). The Muslim empire incorporated numerous varied peoples which had their own religion, culture, language and civilization. For centuries, these indigenous, pre-Islamic peoples constituted the great majority of the population of the Islamic lands. Although these populations differed, they were ruled by the same type of laws, based on the shari'a. --It's good to know what they think of us...in their own words. Andrew B.

 VANATI, Georgia (AFP) - Georgia said its troops were on standby to move into the province of South Ossetia after an armed raid at a village enflamed tensions between Tbilisi and its separatist region to a point not seen in years. President Mikhail Saakashvili rushed back from a state visit to Iran to take charge of the situation after a group of separatists disarmed a unit of Georgian peacekeepers at gunpoint. It was the latest in a string of clashes that has raised fears that South Ossetia could erupt into armed conflict and Georgian officials said they had held talks on the crisis with top European and US officials. The tiny mountainous northern province, on the border with Russia, is the scene of a tense three-way standoff between Georgia, South Ossetia's self-proclaimed breakaway regime and Russian peacekeepers, who many in Georgia suspect of siding with the separatists. Early Thursday, armed men entered the South Ossetian village of Vanati -- east of the capital Tskhinvali and populated by ethnic Georgians -- and disarmed a group of 30 to 40 Georgian members of a peacekeeping force stationed there.

 By Aluf Benn, Haaretz Correspondent The International Court of Justice will rule on Friday that the separation fence contravenes international law, that it must be dismantled, and that compensation must be paid to the Palestinian owners of property confiscated for its construction, according to documents obtained by Haaretz. The decision will be officially made public at 4 P.M. Friday under the heading, "Legal implications of the construction of the barrier in Palestinian occupied territory." The court has ruled that on the basis of the material available to it, "[it] is not convinced that the specific course Israel has chosen for the wall was necessary to attain its security objectives." Fourteen votes favored the decision and the sole opponent was the American Judge, Thomas Buerghenthal. It then says: "The wall, along the route chosen, and its associated regime, gravely infringe a number of rights of Palestinians residing in the territory occupied by Israel, and the infringements resulting from that route cannot be justified by military exigencies or by the requirements of national security or public order." "The construction of such a wall accordingly constitutes breaches by Israel of its various obligations under the applicable international humanitarian law and human rights instruments." In support of Judge Buergenthal's opposition, the Dutch Judge, Pieter Kooijmans, rejected the call for all countries to act against the project. The Hague court ruled that it had jurisdiction to render an opinion on the issue of the fence. The justices conducted a lengthy analysis of the legal situation and of the history of the Israeli occupation in the West Bank and Gaza Strip. Parts of the fence constructed within the Green Line were not included in the court's decision. Most of the justices believed that in building the fence, Israel violated international humanitarian law, by infringing on Palestinians' freedom of movement, freedom to seek employment, education and health. Israel violated international treaties it had signed which deal with these topics, the ruling states. The International Court in the Dutch capital, The Hague, was asked to deliberate on the issue of the security fence by a United Nations General Assembly resolution of last December, and its decision will be presented to the world body. Prior to the release of the decision, Israeli sources said they were unsure of the court's ruling. However, European sources said that on the basis of information available to them, the legal opinion would be "negative and critical" of Israel. PA Chairman Yasser Arafat on Thursday said he had full confidence in the International Court. "I believe the court in the Hague is capable of stopping the construction of the fence that damages our people," he said in Ramallah. For its part, the Defense Ministry has carried out changes on the official map delineating the route of the fence according to the ruling of the High Court of Justice. The changes run along the section of the fence northwest of Jerusalem, and in parts near Qalqilya, Modi'in and southeast of Jerusalem near Gush Etzion. According to the map made public by the Ministry of Defense, there are many changes from the original route of the fence, and all are meant to alleviate the pressure on the Palestinian population in those areas. However, the new map also shows the intention to build the fence around the Ariel salient, linking the largest settlement in the West Bank, with Karnei Shomron and Immanuel, to the Green Line. Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization have prepared their public relations and diplomatic offensives in anticipation of the decision. The PLO representative in the United Nations, Nasser al-Qidwa, and diplomats from Arab countries at the UN, plan to request an emergency session of the General Assembly where the results of the court's decision will be presented. It is expected that the Palestinians will seek operative application of the court's conclusions, in case Israel refuses to adopt the recommendations of the International Court. Israel has already prepared its response, assuming that the court will be critical of Israel. Israel will seek to block the issue from reaching the Security Council, with the assistance of the United States. Israel is also hoping that most EU countries will not support the Palestinian move as they opposed bringing the matter before the ICJ. --Why does this not surprise me? Why is it illegal when Israelis try to save their people's lives by building a barrier, but when in Cyprus, US/Mexico, Saudi Arabia/Yemen, the UN in Spain/Morocco, India/Pakistan, etc...erect walls or barriers to seperate peoples it's ok. I guess the only answer would be that it is because they are Jewish. It is because Israel is a Jewish state based on Jewish principles of law, order, culture, etc...I am thoroughly disgusted and pissed off. Andrew B.

 By Louis Charbonneau JERUSALEM, July 8 (Reuters) - The head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog said on Thursday he was wary of reporting Iran's two-decade cover-up of its atomic programme to the U.N. Security Council because it could make the situation even worse. The United States accuses Tehran of developing nuclear weapons under cover of a civilian atomic power programme and has long called on the board of governors of the U.N. International Atomic Energy Agency to take Tehran to the Security Council -- which might then pose economic sanctions. Iran has acknowledged concealing for 18 years nuclear facilities and activities that could be related to a weapons programme, though says it is not pursuing an atom bomb. But IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei told a group of academics at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem that he did not think it was a good idea to take Iran to the Security Council. "You are running the risk that the Security Council might not act and therefore the situation would exacerbate. And you run the risk that Iran might opt out of the NPT (nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty) and you have another North Korea," ElBaradei said. --Can you believe the gall of this guy? This is his JOB. His job is to inspect and make sure the inspections are carried out. Iran is not letting him in. They play a cheat and retreat game with him and his agency IAEA. This guy really is a complete loser in my opinion. He can't even stand up to the mad mullahs. I think there is something else to this as well. Something tell me that his life is at stake, meaning the Iranians would probably do something to him if he said anything bad. I could be wrong...sometimes I am wrong. Andrew B.

 AMMAN (AFP) - The ailing brother of an American beheaded last month in Saudi Arabia and a US-based peace activist travelled to the family home in Jordan of suspected Al-Qaeda operative Abu Mussab Zarqawi. Indian-born evangelist Dr. KA Paul and Wayne Johnson told a press conference they went to the home in Zarqa, northeast of Amman, as part of efforts to call for the return Paul Johnson's body. Paul said he met briefly with one of Zarqawi's sisters, while Johnson, who suffers manic depression and alcoholism and walks with a cane, stayed in the car. "We spent a few minutes, asking them important questions we wanted answered (such as) 'do you support terrorism or do you support peace?', and they said they are opposed to terrorism," Paul said. He said Zarqawi's sister, whom he did name, "was gracious enough to answer my questions and talk, and we had a brief prayer." She said "we do oppose terrorism. We feel sorry for Johnson's family. We support peace and promoting peace. We are not a terrorist family." He added: "We wanted the victim Johnson, the only brother who is still alive, and the Zarqawi family to voice support for peace, to say enough is enough, that terrorism will not be successful no matter where it is." Wayne Johnson, who sat in a daze, was too confused to speak about the visit to the Zarqawi family home. "I am not sure where we went," he said. Asked why he wanted to meet her, he said: "So that she can spread the word" to retrieve Paul Johnson's body. And he pleaded to the media to help him bring Johnson's remains back to the family home -- a trailer -- in New Jersey, where his 80-year-old, cancer-stricken mother also lives. "Nobody is talking about him, as if he didn't exist and nobody cares," he said. "If it comes out in the media, maybe somebody, somewhere will retrieve the body and bring my brother's body back," he said haltingly. "I don't understand why it was decapitated in the first place," he said. "I cry nights. I try to be strong. I don't sleep nights thinking about it". "The body is no good to them, why not release it," he asked. According to Paul, Wayne Johnson's trip to Jordan was his first outside New Jersey, let alone the United States, and that he obtained a passport for the trip "only Monday. "We came here as a first step before going to Saudi Arabia because he is afraid. He didn't want to come. His mother thought he would be beheaded too if he went to Jordan," Paul said. The evangelist, who claims he helped put an end to seven wars, including conflicts in Liberia (news - web sites) and Haiti, said his organisation, Global Peace Initiative, was on a "humanitarian mission" to help the Johnsons. Paul Johnson was kidnapped June 12 in Saudi Arabia, where he lived for 10 years and worked for aerospace and defense giant Lockheed Martin. He was beheaded by his captors a week later. --Just when I think things cant get anymore ridiculous...they just did. Can you believe this guy? The chutzpah...to go to this international terrorist's house and talk to his family. What the hell is going on here...let me guess he wants to be more tolerate of their people. He wanted to get an appology from the family? Why? The family had nothing to do with it...This guy has some serious issues. I know he is feeling a lot of pain and my thoughts and prayers are with him and his family. But going to Jordan and going to Zarqawi's home is crazy. Andrew B.

 BAGHDAD, Iraq - A group loyal to insurgency leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi threatened Friday to execute two Bulgarian hostages if the U.S. military did not release all Iraqi detainees within 24 hours, according to a videotape broadcast on the Al-Jazeera television station. The Tawhid and Jihad group sent Al-Jazeera a video showing the two unidentified Bulgarians sitting with their hands cuffed, flanked by three masked men, two carrying rifles and one carrying a rocket propelled grenade launcher. On the wall behind them was their group's black flag with a golden circle. One of the men read a statement, though his voice could not be heard. Al-Jazeera's newsreader said the group demanded the release of all Iraqi detainees within 24 hours. The group had previously claimed responsibility for the beheading of U.S. businessman Nicholas Berg and South Korean translator Kim Sun-il. It was also believed to be behind a series of attacks on police and security forces in Iraq (news - web sites) that killed 100 people in the days leading up to the coalition forces' handover of power to an Iraqi interim government last month. An editor at Al-Jazeera's newsroom in Doha said the channel received the tape Thursday. --When will these morons learn it's not going to work. Terrorism doesn't work on us or our allies. (with exception to Spain, El Salvador and Honduras) The coalition is strong. Their will is stronger than some terrorists that have a radical agenda for jihad. Andrew B.

 Helen Thomas Points to Government 'Lies' By E&P Staff Published: July 08, 2004 NEW YORK At the age of 83, journalistic legend Helen Thomas obviously doesn't believe in mincing words. "This government lies," she told a group of editors, reporters and interns from The Indianapolis Star on Wednesday. She also called Bush administration claims on Iraq's weapons of mass destruction "baloney." At a downtown luncheon, the Hearst columnist added, "I think we have a government that absolutely is ignoring the truth and a press that is ignoring the truth," according to the Star's Sara Scavongelli. The press, she said, is doing a poorer job of covering the White House than ever. "I really think that reporters for two, three months after 9/11 -- everyone was afraid to ask their question," Thomas said. "They would not ask any question that would appear to be unpatriotic." Reached by the Star, Rich Noyes, research director of the Virginia-based Media Research Center, called Thomas' remarks "a totally fictional account of what happened since 9/11. By early 2002, it was really back to normal, with reporters asking many, many tough questions both about domestic policy and foreign policy.... "When Helen Thomas says the press was too soft, what she really means is the press should have been more of an actor in the process instead of covering the process," Noyes said. "That's just not the right role for a journalist." His center describes itself as conservative in outlook. Thomas told the Indianapolis journalists she was "born a liberal and I'll die a liberal." --Would someone ask me if I give 2 shits about this old bag of bones? This has to be one of the most pathetic articles I have read in a long time. You know...sometimes you wish that certain people would take a long, long vacation... Andrew B.

 By JIM KRANE, Associated Press Writer BAGHDAD, Iraq - The Iraq (news - web sites) insurgency is far larger than the 5,000 guerrillas previously thought to be at its core, U.S. military officials say, and it's being led by well-armed Iraqi Sunnis angry at being pushed from power alongside Saddam Hussein (news - web sites). Although U.S. military analysts disagree over the exact size, dozens of regional cells, often led by tribal sheiks and inspired by Sunni Muslim imams, can call upon part-time fighters to boost forces to as high as 20,000 — an estimate reflected in the insurgency's continued strength after U.S. forces killed as many as 4,000 in April alone. And some insurgents are highly specialized — one Baghdad cell, for instance, has two leaders, one assassin, and two groups of bomb-makers. The developing intelligence picture of the insurgency contrasts with the commonly stated view in the Bush administration that the fighting is fueled by foreign warriors intent on creating an Islamic state. --The bounty on all these guys should be bumped up to give more incentive for regular Iraqis to get out there and take back their country from these terrorists. If they need our help we should help them. It's going to be a bumpy road for the new Iraq and I hope that they are up to the task. If they fail...we fail. If we fail, the rest of the world will remember. We are the guardians of freedom. Andrew B.

 Read it all...unbelievable July 8, 2004 No.741 Hamas Spokesman on UAE TV Program: On the Recruitment and Training of Palestinian Suicide Bombers (www.memritv.org) Al-Majd TV, a United Arab Emirates religious channel, hosted Hamas spokesman in Gaza, Sami Abu Zuhri, and Faraj Shalhoub, an expert on Palestinian affairs, to discuss the recruitment and training of Palestinian suicide bombers. This episode was translated by the recently initiated MEMRI TV Monitor Project.The following are excerpts from the program, which can be viewed at www.memritv.org: [1] Moderator: "How are the martyrdom bombers selected? How are they recruited and prepared mentally, and morally?" Faraj Shalhoub: "I want to talk about recruiting, before I talk about the selection. The level of faith among a wide sector of the young believers instills in them the concept of Jihad, true Jihad in defense of the message, the homeland, the people, and the nation. They are committed even before they reach the fighting stage. They are committed to their cause and draw their belief in it from the mosque. "The other issue is, as you mentioned, the occupation and its crimes. If you want the truth regarding the selection, I can quote the martyr, Chief Commander of Al-Qassam Brigades, Salah Shehada, who spoke of the dimension of faith of the volunteers for martyrdom. He said that this is one of the central criteria for their selection. "They volunteer for martyrdom and self-sacrifice for the cause, and the first to be selected are the most believing, whose conviction is the deepest, because they have the greatest chance of persevering to the very last minute. "The second point is that [the volunteer] must be physically and, in general, capable of carrying out the mission skillfully. A third issue is the human factor and I want to mention this in a nutshell. [The volunteer] cannot be a child of a single parent who provides for the family. This is why most volunteers for martyrdom operations are not married. "There is also another group of criteria on which we have no time to elaborate, but those mentioned are the main ones." Moderator: "Let's talk about the physical issue you already mentioned. Doesn't the martyrdom bomber only push a button on the explosive belt and explode? Is there more to it than that? Does he need physical and military preparation for his martyrdom?" Faraj Shalhoub: "Absolutely. The mental preparation and morale building are on [a] high level, even though most of those volunteering to commit martyrdom operations have already come a long way in mental and morale preparation. As for the physical aspect, some Palestinian factions active in the field of martyrdom have special committees for training and special committees for selection. "During the first stage of training, there is an emphasis on physical training, as written in special booklets of their military wings. There is a need for physical training because a martyrdom operation, whether the storming of a settlement or an explosion, requires physical strength so the Mujaheed can reach the final stages of the operation." Moderator: "And special military training…" Faraj Shalhoub: "It also requires morale preparation and so, he spends some time in religious ritual and intensive spiritual preparation until he reaches a certain level of conviction that pushes him commit martyrdom, regardless of the fact that his mental readiness was high to begin with." Moderator: "Meaning, in the last stages before committing the martyrdom operation?" Faraj Shalhoub: "This comes following his decision to commit martyrdom. The volunteers are those who initiate and accept upon themselves to commit a martyrdom operation. There is a widespread misconception, propagated by the Zionist enemy, that there are recruiters among the Palestinian fighters who look for martyrdom bombers. The opposite is true - the martyrdom bombers are the ones looking for the resistance factions in order to commit martyrdom operations. "We are talking about hundreds of martyrdom bombers waiting in line to commit martyrdom operations. The factions' inability to supply enough operations for all of them is the only obstacle preventing them all from committing martyrdom operations." Sami Abu Zuhri: "There are hundreds of female martyrdom bombers, who stream en masse and insist on participating in martyrdom operations. This is a unique phenomenon, reflecting the live spirit of Jihad among this people. "This is our way of emphasizing… These are living examples of this people's adherence to Jihad and resistance. We want to reassure our Arab and Islamic nation that there is no longer any danger for the path of resistance. "We see this stream of young men and of women seeking martyrdom. This people emphasizes its adherence to the option of martyrdom, especially, in light of the models of female martyrdom bombers. "The Palestinian resistance, at times, purposely uses women in some operations that men cannot carry out, especially in high security areas, which male Palestinian Mujaheedin cannot easily reach. This is why the Palestinian woman has an important role in the Palestinian resistance, and at times she may even have roles that the young male Palestinian Mujaheed cannot fulfill." --What I want to know is why haven't these terrorists been arrested at the door. Oh yeah I forgot the UAE is completely oblivious to such terrorists. What a pity, I thought Dubai would have been a nice place to visit in the near future...looks like I am not going there anytime soon. Andrew B.

 (BBC News) The men - Ghassan, Basman, Bayan, Hazim and Ihsan Elashi - ran a computer business in Richardson, Texas. They were tried on more than 20 counts of money-laundering and false statements on export documents. Three of the brothers are facing separate charges of funnelling money to the militant Palestinian group Hamas. The five ran a firm called InfoCom. On Wednesday, they were found guilty of shipping money to countries regarded by the US as sponsors of terrorism, and could face up to 10 years in jail. Trial run During the trial, prosecutors said they repeatedly filed false export forms to deceive the authorities about the nature of their business. The defence argued that the brothers did not knowingly break laws and that the equipment sent to the Middle East consisted only of low-grade computers. Prosecutors have said they will hold a second trial at an unspecified date for three of the brothers accused of helping to fund Hamas. Ghassan Elashi was also director of a US Muslim charity called the Holy Land Foundation for Relief and Development. The foundation was shut down in December 2001 after the US Treasury Department accused it of being a Hamas front and seized its assets. Mr Elashi denies the the charge. He and his two co-defendants are notably accused of sending money to senior Hamas leader Musa Abu Marzook. Abu Marzook's wife is related to the Elashi brothers. --This is huge. This guy Ghassan Elashi was also one of the founding fathers of the Texas Chapter of CAIR. I got this link from Charles at LGF (littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog). The sad thing is that these guys are only facing UP to 10 years in jail...knowning the jihad style they will probably get some incredible lawyer that will tell them that they don't understand the purpose of what they were doing. They were trying to help people in Libya and Syria with some computers and stuff...not that these computers have any special information or anything...never. Please. Lock em up and throw away the key. Andrew B.

 The UN Security Council is debating a US draft resolution imposing sanctions on militias accused of "ethnic cleansing" against non-Arabs. The US also hinted that the sanctions could be extended to the government. Meanwhile, African leaders have urged Khartoum to stop bombing Darfur and say their proposed 300-strong force will have a mandate to protect civilians. US Secretary of State Colin Powell says promises to reign in the pro-government militia, known as the Janjaweed, have not been kept by Khartoum so far. "Only action not words can win the race against death in Darfur," he said. --The French have gone too far on this one...how could you be against this? There are innocent people being killed for jihad and no one is doing anything except us. The least we should do is sanctions. The most we should do is have NATO go in and kill these terrorists and help the people get back to their towns and help rebuild their lives, what's left of them. Andrew B.

 By SALAH NASRAWI, Associated Press Writer CAIRO, Egypt - Saddam Hussein (news - web sites)'s latest novel contains an apparent reference to the Sept. 11 attacks and returns to his favorite theme of good vs. evil — Arabs and Muslims fighting their enemies in the West. The first excerpt of "Get Out, You Damned" appeared Thursday in Asharq al-Awsat, a London-based Arab newspaper, which is publishing the entire work over the next several days. The manuscript was found in the Ministry of Culture after Baghdad's fall, indicating that it was written while Saddam was still in power. The newspaper said it had received its copy from Saddam's physician, Alla Bashir, who fled Iraq (news - web sites) after the war and was believed to be in Qatar. Ali Abdel Amir, an Iraqi writer and critic who has read the whole manuscript, said the novel was similar in style to three others attributed to Saddam. All four were signed simply: "Its author." Abdel Amir said "Get Out, You Damned" describes a Zionist-Christian conspiracy against Arabs and Muslims, with an Arab leading an army that invades the land of the enemy and topples one of their monumental towers, an apparent reference to the Sept. 11, 2001, attack on the World Trade Center in New York by Islamic militants of Osama bin Laden (news - web sites)'s terrorist network. The novel opens with a narrator, who bears a resemblance to the Jewish, Christian and Muslim patriarch Abraham, telling cousins Ezekiel, Youssef and Mahmoud that Satan lives in the ruins of a Babylon destroyed by the Persians and the Jews. Saddam had heavily restored the remains of Babylon, one of the world's most important archaeological sites, located just south of Baghdad. Ezekiel, symbolizing the Jews, is portrayed as greedy, ambitious and destructive. "Even if you seize all the property of others, you will suffer all your life," the narrator tells him. Youssef, who symbolizes the Christians, is portrayed as generous and tolerant — at least in the early passages. Mahmoud, symbolizing Muslims, emerges as the conqueror at the end of the book, Abdel Amir told The Associated Press. Saddam "was completely out of touch with actual reality, and novel writing gave him the chance to live in delusions," Abdel Amir said. Saddam's close aide and deputy prime minister, Tariq Aziz, was quoted by his American interrogators shortly after his surrender to U.S. troops as saying Saddam used to spend most of his time in recent years writing novels, leaving key decisions to his sons and other trusted relatives. Saddam also has been credited with writing "Zabibah and the King," "The Fortified Citadel" and "Men and a City." "Zabibah and the King" tells a story of a leader who sacrifices a luxurious life for the sake of his people. "The Fortified Citadel" described the rise to power of Saddam's Baath Party. "Men and a City" is widely viewed as a thinly veiled autobiography, presenting him as powerful and heroic. It appeared at a time when tens of thousands of U.S. troops were about to start a war to remove him from power. Egyptian novelist Youssef al-Qaeed described the works as "naive and superficial." "They look like political leaflets," he said. --I bet this is just like Judy Collins romance novel only with falafel, terrorists, and Allah. Can't wait to read the paperback version...(sarcasm) Andrew B.

 By Mark Trevelyan, Security Correspondent BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany said Thursday it would create a central database on suspected radical Islamists, provoking concern from the country's large Muslim community. Interior Minister Otto Schily also announced plans to boost the fight against terrorism by pooling intelligence from the three national security agencies in a new joint analysis center. The moves, announced after two days of talks between Schily and interior ministers from the 16 states or 'Laender', are designed to strengthen Germany's defenses against terrorism by making its complex security structure work more efficiently. --Well...it's about time. I still think that Europe is asleep at the wheel. They really think that this will all just go away...and no action is needed. A wake up call is coming to Europe real soon I think. I hate to say that and I pray that nothing happens, but lets face reality they're in la la la land. Andrew B.

 July 2004 AMSTERDAM − Belgian police have arrested a Dutch resident of Moroccan origin on suspicion of involvement in the Madrid train bombings in March. The man was arrested on 1 July when the suspect − identified as El Houcine el H., of the southern Dutch city Weert − applied for asylum in Belgium, Dutch newspaper De Volkskrant reported on Wednesday. A spokesman from the federal prosecution office in Brussels said that the suspect was accused of preparing an international terrorist attack from Belgium. He said the arrest was linked to arrests carried out on 8 June, when Belgian authorities raided homes in Brussels, Schaarbeek and Antwerp and arrested 15 people. The detainees − who originate from Palestine, Jordan, Egypt and Morocco − were accused of holding links with the Moroccan Islamic Combatant Group (GICM). Four suspects are still being held on remand. The four suspects are alleged to have formed an operational group that used Belgium as its base and could have been sent anywhere across the globe to carry out terrorist attacks. The terrorist cell was allegedly managed from Italy. Meanwhile, the brother-in-law of the Dutch suspect, Khalid B., who also lives in Weert, was previously arrested in the Netherlands on possible suspicion of involvement in the Casablanca attacks on 16 May 2003 which killed 43 people. Dutch police arrested B. − who has both Belgian and Moroccan nationality − during a routine traffic control in the Dutch province of Limburg in January. A check of his identity indicated that Morocco had issued an arrest warrant for him. Morocco has since requested the extradition of B. and the Roermond Court in the south of the Netherlands will hand down its ruling on Friday. The court previously ruled on 18 May that that it could not come to a judgement on the extradition request because the Moroccan documents were too vague. It requested more information. Morocco claims that B. underwent paramilitary training to become a member of GICM and was entrusted with setting up a Belgian terror cell and the recruitment of new members. Morocco bases its accusations on testimony from another GICM member. The two Moroccan brothers-in-law are almost certainly included on the list of 150 potential terrorists that Dutch secret service AIVD keeps under 24-hour surveillance. El Houcine el H. has undergone military training in Afghanistan and has had contact with Chechen rebels. His wife, Samira, who he lives with in Weert, confirmed the claims in the regional Belgian newspaper Het Belang van Limburg, but denied her husband was involved in any terrorist attacks. The AIVD − which has frequently warned in the past against radical extremists believed to be active in the Netherlands − has refused to comment about the two brothers-in-law. A spokeswoman said releasing information could harm investigations. [Copyright Expatica News 2004] --A terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist, is a terrorist...... Andrew B.

 LONDON (AFP) - The widow of a British Muslim suspected of plotting a suicide attack in Israel has been cleared of not alerting authorities about his planned crime. Tahira Tabassum, 29, was acquitted last week, but a court order banning publicity about the verdict was only lifted on Thursday, after similar charges against two other relatives were also considered. In the end, jurors at London's Central Criminal Court could not agree whether the other two were guilty, and they will face a re-trial later this year. --This is terrible. How could they let this woman go? She had to have known about this guy's desires of killing Jewish children in Israel. You really can't HIDE that kind of behaviour. You really can't. Andrew B.

 By MISHA DZHINDZHIKHASHVILI, Associated Press Writer TBILISI, Georgia - Georgian soldiers clashed with gunmen in the separatist region of South Ossetia on Thursday, Prime Minister Zurab Zhvania said. Two Georgian soldiers were wounded. South Ossetian government spokeswoman Irina Gagloyeva dismissed the claim as "sheer misinformation," the Interfax news agency said. Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili has vowed to restore Georgian control over South Ossetia, which has been de-facto independent since separatist fighting ended in 1992, and tensions have risen sharply in the region in recent weeks. --I am not an expert on this area of the world, but I am think this would probably be a good place for al-qaida to hide. So much turmoil. Perfect conditions for them. Andrew B.

 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq (news - web sites)'s interim government confirmed Thursday the United States has removed radioactive material from Iraq, saying ousted dictator Saddam Hussein (news - web sites) could have used it to develop nuclear weapons. U.S. and U.N. officials said Wednesday Washington had transported 1.8 tons of enriched uranium out of Iraq for safekeeping more than a year after looters stole it from a U.N.-sealed facility left unguarded by U.S. troops. Iraq's interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said the uranium and about 1,000 highly radioactive items from the former Iraqi nuclear research facility had been taken to the United States. --That's one down only 5 or so more countries to go...Syria, Iran, North Korea, China, Pakistan...etc........ Andrew B.

 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Lebanese-born U.S. marine who went missing in Iraq (news - web sites) and was thought to be have been held hostage has arrived safe and in good health at the American Embassy in Beirut, a U.S. defense official said Thursday. Wassef Ali Hassoun has been absent from his unit since June 21, and at one point was reported on a Web site to have been killed. "He is at the U.S. Embassy in Beirut, Lebanon. He is safe. He appears to be healthy. We're working through the details of what the next steps are," said a U.S. defense official at the Pentagon (news - web sites), speaking on condition of anonymity. --Now that he is there...let's find out the TRUTH! What kind of odyessy did he go on and for what reason... Andrew B.

 By KATHERINE PFLEGER SHRADER WASHINGTON (AP) - Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge said Thursday that there is "credible" information indicating that al-Qaida is moving ahead with plans for a "large-scale attack" in the U.S. aimed at disrupting the November elections. Ridge said it's clear that al-Qaida has the capability to carry out such an attack. He said U.S. authorities don't have information on the time, place or method, but that they're "actively working" to gain that knoweldge. He also said al-Qaida is working under the "mistaken belief" that such an attack would affect the nation's resolve. --It's only a matter of time until these terrorists infiltrate our security. G-d please let me be wrong. This is the one time let me be wrong. Andrew B.

 Israeli soldier Wahid Taysir, sits in a courtroom prior to a session of his trial in the Kastina Military Court near the southern city of Ashkelon, Israel, Thursday July 8, 2004. Taysir is charged with manslaughter in the shooting of British activist Tom Hurndall, during an army operation in Gaza in April 2003. Hurndall, 22, died last January after being in a vegetative state since the shooting.(AP Photo/Ariel Schalit)

 LOS ANGELES - Ultraviolet images of Saturn's rings taken by the international Cassini spacecraft may offer astronomers clues about the origin of the planet's shimmering halos of ice and debris, scientists said Wednesday. The images show more ice toward the outer part of the rings, possibly providing hints about how the rings have changed over time, according to mission scientists. Saturn's rings are mostly ice but also contain other "dirty" material that astronomers want to investigate. --If you get a chance check out the images...Incredible is not the word. G-d works in many ways...these are some of the most beautiful images I have seen from space. Andrew B.

 BEIJING (AFP) - China's military strongman and former president Jiang Zemin on Thursday told visiting US National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice (news - web sites) China would not "sit idle" if foreign forces supported Taiwan independence. "If Taiwan authorities are determined to pursue Taiwan independence; if foreign forces interfere and support this, we would definitely not sit idle without doing anything," Jiang was paraphrased on Chinese state-run television station CCTV as saying. The aging but still powerful leader's veiled warnings against US military intervention if Taiwan formally declares independence and China attacks the island came amid increasing tension between Beijing and Taipei. --Is that a threat? Hey China, I got news for you...we can take you out. So what you have 3-4 times our population. A few nukes in your back yard would do the trick. Andrew B.

 By IBRAHIM BARZAK, Associated Press Writer BEIT HANOUN, Gaza Strip - Israeli troops backed by helicopters and armored bulldozers battled Palestinian gunmen in this northern Gaza Strip (news - web sites) town Thursday. At least seven Palestinians were killed, including the local commander of the Hamas militant group, Palestinians and the army said. An explosion also hit an Israeli army jeep traveling near the Jewish settlement of Morag in southern Gaza on Thursday, wounding five soldiers, the army said. The army said two officers were moderately wounded, while three soldiers suffered slight wounds. It said it was investigating the cause of the blast. --This is a great day in anti-terrorism. Go Israel get the terrorists...and eliminate them!!! Andrew B.

 WASHINGTON (AFP) - A Swedish detainee has been transferred from the detention center at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, for eventual release, the Pentagon announced. The Department of Defense, in a brief statement, did not identify the Swede or say where he was being transferred but detainees released previously have been sent to their home countries. "The Department of Defense announced today that it transferred for release one detainee from Guantanamo Bay, Cuba," the statement said Thursday. "This detainee came from the country of Sweden." --The real question is why? Why let this terrorist go. I say let them ALL rot there. It's been proven that releasing these animals back into society only causes more grief. Look at what happened in Afghanistan...some of these terrorists went back there and went right back to attacking our troops. Andrew B.

 By RAVI NESSMAN, Associated Press Writer BAGHDAD, Iraq - Insurgents fired mortar rounds Thursday at a headquarters used by U.S. and Iraqi forces in the city of Samarra, destroying the building and killing four American soldiers and one Iraqi guardsman, the military said. A fifth U.S. soldier was unaccounted for and 20 others were wounded in the attack, said Maj. Neal O'Brien, the spokesman for the 1st Infantry Division. Also Thursday, the Philippines barred its contract workers from traveling to Iraq after militants released a videotape threatening to kill a Filipino hostage if the country does not withdraw its troops. --I hate terrorists. Andrew B.

 DAKAR, Senegal — Chad rebels holding the Sahara's most-wanted terror suspect said Thursday that Libya had threatened to bomb them if they didn't meet a 48-hour deadline to surrender the suspect. There was no immediate comment from Libya, which had confirmed to The Associated Press earlier this week that its forces had killed two of terror suspect Amara Saifi's (search) accomplices. Saifi, the only known surviving leader of Algeria's Al Qaeda allied Salafist Group for Call and Combat, has been claimed in the hands of Chad rebels since they came across him and several followers in the Sahara earlier this year. --Libya doing something anti-terror...someone pinch me... Andrew B.

 GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - An explosion hit an Israeli army jeep traveling near a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip on Thursday, wounding four soldiers, the army said. The Islamic Jihad militant group claimed responsibility for the attack, saying it had detonated a roadside bomb in retaliation for "the ugly Zionist massacre" in northern Gaza. At least seven Palestinians were killed in a fierce battle Thursday in the northern town of Beit Hanoun. The army said it was investigating the cause of the blast. The incident occurred in Morag, a Jewish settlement in the southern Gaza Strip. --Zionist...Schmionist. These guys are terrorists. It would make a difference to these thugs if Israel gave into all their demands. They still would kill Jews. And that's a fact. Andrew B.

 GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - An explosion hit an Israeli army jeep traveling near a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip on Thursday, wounding four soldiers, the army said. The Islamic Jihad militant group claimed responsibility for the attack, saying it had detonated a roadside bomb in retaliation for "the ugly Zionist massacre" in northern Gaza. At least seven Palestinians were killed in a fierce battle Thursday in the northern town of Beit Hanoun. The army said it was investigating the cause of the blast. The incident occurred in Morag, a Jewish settlement in the southern Gaza Strip. --Zionist...Schminoist...these guy are terrorists. It wouldn't make a difference if Israel gave into all of the "Palestinian" demands they still would kill Israelis. And that's a fact. Andrew B.

 By BASSEM MROUE, Associated Press Writer TRIPOLI, Lebanon - The U.S. Embassy said Thursday it has "credible information" that a missing U.S. Marine is in his native Lebanon, and the military said it was investigating the possibility his disappearance was a hoax. There have been several contradictory reports about the fate of Marine Cpl. Wassef Ali Hassoun since he went missing in Iraq more than two weeks ago. An Iraqi militant group said Monday it was holding the 24-year-old Muslim in a safe place but hadn't killed him. Al-Jazeera television broadcast the statement from "Islamic Response," which claimed responsibility June 27 for Hassoun's kidnapping. Elizabeth Wharton, public affairs officer at the U.S. Embassy in Beirut, said the embassy had "credible information" that Hassoun was in the country and safe, but she could not confirm it. --Something tells me there is more to this story than meets the eye. Like Mr. Hassoun is working for Hezbollah or something. Something vry fishy about this cat. Also something tells me that the other Arabs in the background of that video are the guys that helped him escape from the army base. It would be interesting to see if the Army investigates that point of view....hmmmmm Andrew B.

 CAIRO, Egypt - Iranian authorities should release student protesters detained in violent demonstrations at Tehran University that began five years ago Thursday, a New York-based human rights group said. Human Rights Watch said that an unknown number of students remained in custody out of the thousands it claimed were initially arrested. One student died during the demonstrations. "Five years after the Tehran University protests, it's time for the Iranian government to release the peaceful protesters," Sarah Leah Whitson, executive director of Human Rights Watch Middle East and North Africa Division, said in a statement. --What is this feckless answer..."they need to". Shouldn't the response be more like "LET THEM GO OR ELSE..." It's bizarre to me, it really is. You expect one of the worst human rights violators to just let them go without a cause to??? HA HA HA Andrew B.

 KABUL, Afghanistan - A bus crashed after trying to overtake a slower vehicle on Afghanistan (news - web sites)'s resurfaced main highway on Thursday, killing 11 people and injuring 44, a doctor said. --NOTE* look at the title...you think that typo was done on purpose??? Hmmmmm the AP make a typo on PURPOSE...NEVER? (sarcasm) Andrew B.

 By GEORGE JAHN, Associated Press Writer JERUSALEM - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is ready to discuss a nuclear weapons-free zone in the Middle East as part of future peace talks, the head of the U.N. atomic watchdog agency said Thursday. Mohamed ElBaradei, on a three-day trip to Israel, said Sharon made the commitment during a meeting Thursday in Jerusalem. "The prime minister affirmed to me that Israeli policy continues to be that in the context of peace in the Middle East, Israel will be looking forward to the establishment of a nuclear-weapons free zone in the Middle East," ElBaradei said. Such talks are likely far down the road. ElBaradei said that Sharon had linked arms-control talks to progress in the "road map," an internationally backed peace plan that has been stalled since its inception a year ago. --Say it ain't so....say it aint so......dear god this could be the beginning of the end for Israel...If they give up nukes, goodbye Israel. Andrew B.

 NORFOLK, Va. — About 800 military family members living in Bahrain will be flown home this week, days after U.S. officials announced that Americans in the Persian Gulf nation were at risk of terrorist attack. Rear Adm. Stephen A. Turcotte, commander of the Navy's Mid-Atlantic region, told The Virginian-Pilot on Wednesday that military dependents in Bahrain will return by way of the Norfolk Naval Station. One family has already arrived, but most were expected to fly in this weekend. Turcotte said the number of family members could be as few as 700 or as many as 1,000. Many are expected to return to their hometowns or move in with relatives or friends; others will stay at the naval station for a time. --Get home safely. godspeed to you all Andrew B.

 By MAAMOUN YOUSSEF, Associated Press Writer CAIRO, Egypt - Armed Iraq insurgents threatened to kill a Filipino hostage if his country does not withdraw from Iraq, according to a video that aired Wednesday. The Philippines responded by barring Filipino workers from traveling to Iraq. In the video broadcast by Pan-Arab Al-Jazeera television, three armed and masked men stood behind the seated hostage, threatening to kill him if the Philippines doesn't pull out within three days. The group claimed to have already killed an Iraqi security guard who was accompanying the Filipino, the newscaster said. The statement gave no details of his capture. A banner on the wall behind the captors identified them as a previously unknown group called the Iraqi Islamic Army-Khaled bin al-Waleed Corps. President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo's order Thursday applied to contract workers. She did not refer to kidnappers' demands to withdraw Philippines troops. --Probably a good idea, although it does give fodder to terrorists to keep doing what they are doing. Andrew B.

 BEIJING (AFP) - UNESCO is urging governments of the world to better balance tourism with protection, fearful that some of most beautiful and important cultural and natural sites are being harmed by throngs of visitors. "Tourism can be a benefit as well as a threat," said N. Ishwaran, director for ecological sciences of the UN Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation which concluded the annual meeting of its World Heritage Committee in Suzhou Wednesday. "For sites in Europe, Asia and America, where access is easy, tourism can become a threat unless it is monitored." --Has anyone over there thought that maybe TERRORISM could be a more important factor. Maybe I am out of line, but if you have an important national, religious, etc landmark...and you combine that with tourists from Europe or America, that's a mixture for disaster. These terrorist don't care about the historical significance or asthetic beauty of tangible or intangible ideas. All they care about is kill us and make Islam the world. That is it. Period. Andrew B.

 GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli troops killed five Palestinians, one of them a woman, during gun battles in the northern Gaza Strip early on Thursday, witnesses and medics said. The overnight fighting occurred in the densely populated Beit Hanoun area where armored Israeli forces swept in 10 days ago to flush out militants who had fired makeshift rockets across the nearby border into an Israeli town, killing two people. Medics said one of the bodies brought to a Beit Hanoun hospital was that of a woman in her 40s. The other dead were men, at least two from militant factions waging a revolt against Israel for almost four years. --I love the use of "militants...i think that term is a bit played out. How about this...hmmmmmmmm let's see what would be a good subsititute....I know. How about TERRORISTS? Andrew B.

 I would like to invite all who visit to leave some comments. I see that there are some visitors, so drop some info. if you have any. Andrew B.

 Great article...read it all! Hot Flash By Karl Zinsmeister Editor's note: This column originally appeared in National Review Online. We are now 16 months into the Iraq war. At a similar stage in earlier American wars, how were our forces faring? Well, at about this point in the French and Indian Wars, George Washington had been defeated and forced to surrender at Fort Necessity (he was released after being disarmed), and then disastrously beaten in a fight where his unit of 1,400 men took 900 casualties and ended up running away. (Washington himself was not injured but had two horses shot from under him, and took four bullets through his coat.) Washington's next experience of war, in the American Revolution, began with equal tribulation. Sixteen months into his command, the American army was suffering through a series of traumatic defeats. They'd lost every single battle since the Declaration of Independence, and had depleted 90 percent of their military strength in heavy fighting. Most of the remaining soldiers declared they were going to go home when their enlistments expired, and in many parts of the new nation citizens were pledging fresh oaths of allegiance to the tyrant King George. Sixteen months into the Civil War, a permanent breakaway of the southern states looked like imminent reality. The Union army that marched on Richmond had been beaten with tens of thousands of casualties. Robert E. Lee had launched an invasion of the north, and Washington, D.C. was on the brink of being overrun. Sixteen months into U.S. involvement in World War II, the Japanese had taken control of all of the Pacific and Southeast Asia. Our British allies had suffered the most catastrophic defeat in their history when they lost 130,000 fighting men in Singapore. The Japanese had just as thumpingly ejected the U.S. from the Philippines, and were actually in their tenth month of occupying American soil in Alaska. It would take 1,000 American dead (far more than our total losses in Iraq to date) merely to eject the enemy from this Aleutian Island foothold over the course of a few days in the seventeenth month of the war. At month 16 of the war in Europe, meanwhile, France, the Netherlands, Belgium, Denmark, Norway, Greece, Yugoslavia, and other countries had all been lost. German submarines were in the process of wiping out Atlantic shipping. And death camps like Treblinka had been opened and were in the process of killing millions. By the end of that year, 40 percent of the world's Jews, for instance, would be dead. * * * We have had some tough moments in Iraq this year. But we must remember that every war has tough stages and low points that victorious nations must grind through. The difference between civilizations that triumph and civilizations that surrender is often simply a matter of keeping your determination and fighting spirit intact through the down days. I've spent months embedded with combat troops in Iraq over the last year, so I realize there is nothing easy about any of this. But there some challenges in life that simply cannot be evaded. It took years for the U.S. to launch humane democracy in Germany and Japan after World War II. In just 16 months in Iraq we have made great progress--as I report at length in a new book built on detailed firsthand observation of the counterinsurgency and reconstruction. The Shiite middle that is going to dominate Iraq has stuck with us through many travails. An encouraging interim government is beginning to take responsibility for the country's fate, with wide support from everyday Iraqis. An economic bloom is unfolding. There is a surge of new information, freedom, and opportunity never before seen in Iraq. These plants will bear previously unseen fruit in the parched sands of greater Arabia, and ultimately make America safer. Has the price been too high? The casualty rate in Iraq, Max Boot has noted, has been 1.5 percent of all troops serving in the theater. That compares to 6.2 percent in Vietnam, and 6.5 percent in World War II. The terrorists, though, believe modern Westerners have lost the fortitude needed to sustain a nasty fight. "One thing is for sure: the extremists have faith in our weakness," noted Tony Blair recently. "And the weaker we are, the more they will come after us." The late Michael Kelly, who observed humans at their cruelest in the Balkans, Iraq, and elsewhere, particularly urged American opponents of war to never forget that "accepting death is indispensable to defeating death." If our public and our political class will exhibit that same wisdom and courage, then this is a fight America can win. TAE editor in chief Karl Zinsmeister has just published Dawn Over Baghdad: How the U.S. Military is Using Bullets and Ballots to Remake Iraq, the first book about Iraq's guerilla war and reconstruction. His earlier book about the 2003 hot war in Iraq is entitled Boots on the Ground: A Month With the 82nd Airborne in the Battle for Iraq.

 Posted July 6, 2004 By Shaun Waterman At least five detainees released from Guantanamo have returned to the battlefield in Afghanistan. Several prisoners released by the U.S. military from a detention center in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have rejoined their comrades in arms and taken part in fresh attacks on U.S. forces, according to Defense Department officials and a senior GOP lawmaker. "We've already had instances where we know that people who have been released from our detention have gone back and have become combatants again," Rep. Porter Goss (R-Fla.), chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence told United Press International recently. "It's the military Willie Horton," he said, referring to the notorious killer who absconded on furlough and a year later pistol-whipped a man and raped his fiancee. "I do in fact have specific cases," he said when pressed for further details, but declined to say more. The Willie Horton case became a major issue in the 1988 presidential campaign, and the case of the released detainees threatens likewise this week to become a political issue as Congress returns in the aftermath of the U.S. Supreme Court ruling that the Guantanamo Bay detainees have a right to file writs of habeas corpus. --I think the words...DUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH come to mind. I mean why were these just RELEASED into the wild. It's letting a hungry lion out of a cage. This is just nuts. Is it a surprise to ANYONE????? Andrew B.

 By Aaron Klein © 2004 WorldNetDaily.com The next assassin of an Israeli prime minister is ready and looking for the opportunity to strike, according to Israel's General Security Services. "There are people who have already taken the decision that, come the day they are going to 'save Israel', that they are going to kill the prime minister. � I have no doubt that they are out there," Internal Security Minister Tzahi Hanegbi told Israel TV last night. Sharon told a group of ministers yesterday he is disturbed by threats to his life that he has received from Jewish extremists, and said inflammatory comments by right-wing rabbis and leaders cannot be tolerated. --This kind of information scares me...It's one thing (as disgusting as abhorent as the behaviour is from our enemy) to get death threats...it's a totally different ball game when you're own people say that. I hope they find these guys before they try something. Andrew B.

 MANILA (AFP) - The Filipino hostage in Iraq (news - web sites) has come to represent all Filipinos working overseas, and his safety justifies Manila's decision to pull its troops from Iraq despite commitments to foreign allies, the presidential spokesman said. Spokesman Ignacio Bunye said in a statement that the hostage, truck driver Angelo de la Cruz, "has become the Filipino everyman. A symbol of the hardworking Filipino who has ventured to foreign lands to earn an honest living." Bunye's statement, which will be carried as a column in state-owned newspapers, called on the public to "unite and save Angelo by supporting the government and President Gloria (Arroyo)." De la Cruz's kidnappers have threatened to behead him if Manila doesn't pull its contingent from Iraq by the end of July. Arroyo's decision to withdraw the 51 Filipino soldiers and police officers ahead of schedule has drawn sharp criticism from her allies. -- Oh pwweeze don't hurt us Mr. Terrorist we'll do whatever you want....pweeety pweeeze. Oh come on now, this is just a bunch of BS. I feel for Mr. Cruz, I really do. The mission shall go on. You can't stop it all for one guy. I am sorry for saying that and I know I am going to get a lot of flack for that remark, but something bigger than one person is at stake. I feel really bad for saying that, but we are at the cusp of something so important. We can't give in...ever. If we do, we are through. Andrew B.

 CAIRO, Egypt (AP) - A statement purportedly written by an al-Qaida-linked group threatened to launch attacks on Italian soil if Premier Silvio Berlusconi remains in office. The statement, signed by the Brigades of Abu Hafs al-Masri and posted Friday on an Internet site known for carrying extremist Islamic content, follows the expiration of a three-month offer of a terrorism truce purportedly made by Osama bin Laden to European states, including Italy. "Either you get rid of the inefficient Berlusconi, or we will really burn Italy," the undated statement said, adding, "Berlusconi is dragging you into more blood plus absolute slavery to America." There was no way to verify the authenticity of the statement. The Italian government didn't immediately respond to the new threat. Berlusconi, a staunch supporter of U.S. President George W. Bush, said recently that the Italian contingent would stay in Iraq until democracy takes hold. The prime minister, however, has faced strong opposition for his pro-U.S. stance, and many here have called for a troops' withdrawal. &nbsp; -- It is quite obvious what al-Qaeda is trying to do. It is not going to work. Our resolve is strong. We will not give in to terrorists. &nbsp; Andrew B.

 RAMADI, Iraq (Reuters) - Insurgents shot and killed a Jordanian truck driver in western Iraq ( urlLink news - urlLink web sites ) on Saturday and then gouged out his eyes and left his body lying by the side of the road, witnesses and police said.&nbsp; The driver, identified as Ayid Nassir, a Jordanian father of two, was carrying supplies from Amman to Baghdad when he was attacked outside the town of Ramadi, 65 miles west of Baghdad, at about 6 a.m. (2200 EDT Friday). Reuters Television pictures showed at least seven bullet holes in the windshield of his yellow Mercedes truck and others in the body of the vehicle. The driver was hit at least four times, including two wounds each to his head and chest. Pictures taken at a Ramadi hospital shortly after the attack showed that he had also had his eyes gouged out using a sharp instrument. Truck drivers traveling with Nassir's convoy said the mutilation took place after he was shot dead. "The poor man. He was working for himself, just trying to make a living," said a policeman at the scene. &nbsp; -- Must be those pesky Christians that did this. In all honesty, this is probably one of the most gruesome and horrific stories I have heard in awhile. I am just sickened beyond belief. They need to find these terrorists and bring justice to them, for his family, for his honor. This poor guy was just making a living...and makes me mad. A totally innocent person doesn't deserve that kind of treatment. In rare cases...I support Hammurabi's code...and eye for an eye. &nbsp; Andrew B.

 RAMALLAH, West Bank - Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia submitted his resignation Saturday to Yasser Arafat ( urlLink news - urlLink web sites ), plunging the Palestinian government into crisis, but Arafat rejected it, a top official said.&nbsp; The resignation came as Qureia and Arafat discussed a shake-up of security forces during a rapidly deteriorating security situation in the Gaza Strip ( urlLink news - urlLink web sites ). Six people, including the national police chief and four French charity workers, were briefly kidnapped in Gaza a day earlier. Saeb Erakat, a Palestinian Cabinet minister, said Qureia told members of the legislative council that he submitted his resignation to Arafat, but that the Palestinian leader refused to accept it. Qureia's resignation followed the announcement that Arafat was replacing his national security chief and his national police chief, in addition to consolidating the Palestinian Authority ( urlLink news - urlLink web sites )'s disparate security forces into three services — a key international demand for reform. Qureia, also known as Abu Ala, was appointed in September 2003, when the first prime minister of the Palestinian government, Mahmoud Abbas, quit after just four months on the job.&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; -- We knew it was only a matter of time. The walls are tumbling on Arafat. This is it. This is the beginning of the end of his tyranny. &nbsp; Andrew B.

 MUSCAT, Oman - A court in Oman convicted an American woman Saturday of murdering her husband and sentenced her to death, the court said. Rebecca Thompson, along with her 14-year-old son, Derrick, and two Omani men, were convicted of killing Mark Thompson on Jan. 1. Thompson of Tuttle, Okla., was found shot dead in a suburb of Muscat, the Omani capital. He worked for a local oil company. According to his relatives in Oklahoma, Thompson had married his wife, who had a son, and moved to Oman about 2 1/2 years ago. The court statement said the son was sentenced to a three-year suspended jail term and would be deported immediately. The two Omani men were each given a 10-year sentence. It was not immediately clear whether the sentences would be appealed. U.S. Embassy officials could not be reached for comment. -- Talk about Bizarro. This is such a strange story. I wonder why she killed him. Maybe it was because he made them move to Oman? Maybe? hmmmm could be. Andrew B.

 By LAEKE MARIAM DEMESSIE, Associated Press Writer ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia - Sudanese rebels walked out of peace talks Saturday, saying government representatives had refused to meet their conditions for a new round of negotiations. The talks were aimed at ending a 17-month war that has killed tens of thousands and displaced more than a million in Sudan's western Darfur region. "These talks are now finished," said Ahmed Hussain Adam, a representative of the rebel Justice and Equality Movement, one of two rebel delegations at the talks. "We are leaving Addis Ababa." The Sudan Liberation Army also was pulling out of the negotiations, Adam said. Sudanese government representatives and African mediators could not immediately be reached for comment. Mediators had met late into the night with the two rebel groups, trying to save the talks, which began Thursday in the Ethiopian capital. But the insurgents had insisted that the Sudanese government fulfill a list of previous commitments before beginning fresh negotiations to resolve what U.N. officials describe as the world's worst humanitarian crisis. -- Somehow I could have predicted this outcome a long time ago. Why bother with negotiating, just take these terrorists OUT. Get rid of them. They are destroying entire cultures. Andrew B.

 By DANICA KIRKA, Associated Press Writer BAGHDAD, Iraq - A car bomb struck the Iraqi justice minister's convoy as it passed through western Baghdad on Saturday, killing four of his bodyguards. The minister was unhurt in the blast, one of several bloody attacks across Iraq ( urlLink news - urlLink web sites ) and the latest attempt on the life of a top government official.&nbsp; The blast hit the tail end of Justice Minister Malik Dohan al-Hassan's convoy at an intersection 500 yards from his home. About the same time, a car bomb exploded outside an Iraqi National Guard headquarters in Mahmudiyah, 20 miles south of Baghdad. Two people were killed and 47 were wounded, hospital officials said. Loae Hassan, one of al-Hassan's bodyguards, said several members of the justice minister's security detail were killed in the convoy blast, which destroyed three vehicles. The Health Ministry put the number at four — among them the minister's nephew. &nbsp; -- Talk about your close calls. I hope Allawi puts an end to all these terrorists personally. This is disgusting. I think they should plant bombs at the homes of these terrorists, so that they turn the tables on them. Terrorize the terrorists...that'll show them. &nbsp; Andrew B.

 While incognito, Fischer intermittently gave interviews with a radio station in the Philippines, often digressing into anti-Jewish rants and accusing American officials of hounding him. In the radio interviews, he praised the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, saying America should be "wiped out," and described Jews as "thieving, lying bastards." His mother was Jewish. -- Ummmm yeah...can we say anti-Semetism? This guy is nutz. Brilliant chess player, but 100% total wacko, not to mention a complete self loathing Jew. That seems to be a popular movement lately...especially in the Liberal community. Andrew B.

 A policeman takes a look at a member of Indonesia's outlawed Islamic group Jemaah Islamiyah (JI), wearing a T-shirt printed with the face of Osama bin Laden (news - web sites). A former Perth school teacher accused of leading the Australia branch of JI has been found in West Java by Indonesian authorities.(AFP/File/Choo Youn-Kong) SYDNEY (AFP) - A former Perth school teacher accused of heading the Australia branch of the outlawed Islamic militant group Jemaah Islamiyah (JI) has been found in Indonesia and questioned by authorities there. Prime Minister John Howard confirmed elements of a report in The Australian newspaper that Abdul Rahim Ayub was located about three months ago in Puncak, a town near the West Java city of Bogor. Ayub, who The Australian said was a dual Australian-Indonesian national, has not been arrested but has been cooperating with Indonesia's national intelligence agency, BIN, and remains under the watch of BIN agents, the newspaper said. Howard confirmed that Ayub had been located and questioned by the Indonesians, but declined to elaborate further. -- Just look at this putz. I mean if I were a terrorist...(g-d forbid) I would not being wearing a t-shirt with Osama bin Laden on it. You have to be really stupid to do that. What was this guy thinking? Obviously, he thinks he is above the law and and that Islam will save his ass when he goes to court. We'll see. What a putz. (Shaking head)... Andrew B.

 By IBRAHIM BARZAK, Associated Press Writer GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - A security panel headed by Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat (news - web sites) declared a state of emergency in the Gaza Strip (news - web sites) early Saturday after a wave of kidnappings involving a Palestinian police chief, a security official and four French citizens. Although most of the hostages were later freed, the crisis raised questions about the future of Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia's government, which will meet Saturday in a session that could determine its future, a Palestinian official said on condition of anonymity. The declaration by the Palestinian security council called for increased protection around government facilities and canceled all leave for security officials. The deteriorating situation reflected the growing disagreements among militant groups and individuals trying to strengthen their positions before Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon (news - web sites) fulfills his pledge to withdraw Israeli forces and some 7,500 settlers from Gaza late next year. -- Someone should have said this a long time ago when Arafat came back into power. There should have been a state of emergency as soon as he stepped foot into Israel. The red folder has returned. Oh BTW this picture was taken from the latest fashion show in Gaza. The new style is Hip Hop Shabby Sheikh as inspired by the French. Andrew B.

 RAMADI, Iraq (AFP) - A senior Sunni cleric called on his followers to launch a holy war against the US forces in Iraq (news - web sites) and threatened to turn the hotspot city of Ramadi into a "graveyard" for American troops. "I ask US President (George W.) Bush to withdraw from Iraq or else Ramadi will become a graveyard for US soldiers," declared Sheikh Akram Ubayed Furaih at weekly prayers in the city, 100 kilometres (60 miles) west of Baghdad. "I call upon my brothers the Shiites and on all other religious groups to embark on a Jihad (holy war) against the US military to force them out of Iraq," said the cleric, who spent three months in a prison after being arrested by the US military and whose home was also raided last week. "I urge all the Iraqi people to fight a holy war against the Americans," said the cleric, among the most respected figures in this Sunni rebel bastion. -- What a surprise. Is there nothing that can shock me anymore from these foul animals? I guess not. Andrew B.

 By: Marie-Hélène Boccara* Introduction The post September 11 war on terrorism has increased Islamist organizations' dependence on the Internet, making it a vital means of communication and indoctrination for both Islamist organizations and for the infrastructure of Al-Qa'ida supporters. As a result of Islamist websites often being tracked and in some cases hacked, or shut down by their Internet Service Providers (ISPs), the Islamist organizations have also become increasingly dependent on chat rooms and message boards for communication. The following list of 25 Islamist websites and message forums, the first in a series of reports, includes website affiliations, IP addresses, Internet Service Providers (ISPs), and information about their registrants.(1) The entries are categorized by ISP location. -- You must go to their website to see all the listed sites. Andrew B.

 By: Marie-Hélène Boccara* Introduction The post September 11 war on terrorism has increased Islamist organizations' dependence on the Internet, making it a vital means of communication and indoctrination for both Islamist organizations and for the infrastructure of Al-Qa'ida supporters. As a result of Islamist websites often being tracked and in some cases hacked, or shut down by their Internet Service Providers (ISPs), the Islamist organizations have also become increasingly dependent on chat rooms and message boards for communication. The following list of 25 Islamist websites and message forums, the first in a series of reports, includes website affiliations, IP addresses, Internet Service Providers (ISPs), and information about their registrants.(1) The entries are categorized by ISP location. -- You must go to their website to see all the listed sites. Andrew B.

 THE MERCIFUL Hi, Well, of course the Arabs are our brothers in so far as we are an Arabic speaking people. And of course we don’t wish them harm. And how many sacrifices have the Iraqis made for their sake? So, we wish them well, generally speaking. However, how we wish they could be less stupid, less cruel and more understanding. Also it would be nice if they could become less selfish, less hypocritical, less addicted to lying, treachery and jealousy. That would be nice. And perhaps they could show a little more concern about the murder of our people, the destruction of our livelihood, the sabotage of our national assets and infrastructure. It would be even nicer if they could actually stop perpetrating these rather unfriendly acts. Also, somewhat it seems to us that cutting the heads of hostages is not a particularly good way of illustrating the Arab and Islamic nobility of spirit; especially if it is done in the name of Allah. I mean we are puzzled, because we thought that Allah was The Merciful; the Compassionate. But hard as we try to understand our brothers, we don’t seem to be able to comprehend the merciful nature of their actions. Perhaps we are not sufficiently well trained philosophically and too ignorant to appreciate the finer points of theology and the relationship between beheadings and various forms of murder to monotheism and Jihad in the name of The Merciful, the Compassionate. Also we thought that our religion preached tolerance and kindness towards others, but it seems that our lamentable ignorance of theology led us to these erroneous misconceptions. But then this is your fault, venerable Sheikhs. You have not made sufficient effort to enlighten and train us in the true precepts and ways of piety. We have yet to appreciate that the true way of the Lord calls for drenching the earth with human blood. We seem to remember that the Gods of paganism craved for human sacrifice; “The Gods are thirsty – Les Dieux Ont Soif ”. Do we have sneaking suspicions that these ancient creeds have crept back into your system of belief? Oh, yes; Oh brothers and venerable Sheiks with the correct size of beards, we are in dire need of explanation from you to save us from our utter disbelief and bewilderment concerning your ways. We are in state of shock that threatens the very foundation of our own faith. Salaam -- This is an incredible article from Alaa. I really appreciated the point of view. I think it is about time good and compassionate Arabs and Muslims came out and spoke out against these Jihadists and Islamists. It is time for them to take their religion back. it is time for a reform in Islam from within. Andrew B.

 Reporter: Maxine McKew MAXINE MCKEW: Let's go straight to the allegations that Iyad Allawi executed as many as six suspected insurgents at a Baghdad police station at the end of June. The explosive claims in tomorrow's Sydney Morning Herald and Age newspapers allege that the prisoners were handcuffed and blindfolded, lined up against a courtyard wall and shot by the Iraqi Prime Minister. Dr Allawi is alleged to have told those around him that he wanted to send a clear message to the police on how to deal with insurgents. Two people allege they witnessed the killings and there are also claims the Iraqi Interior Minister was present as well as four American security men in civilian dress. Well, the journalist reporting the story is Paul McGeough, awarded a Walkley Award for his coverage of the Iraq war last year. He's also a former editor of the Herald and is now the paper's chief correspondent. He's joined me on the line from a location in the Middle East. MAXINE McKEW: Paul McGeough, thanks for joining us. Paul, as you've also made clear in your article, Prime Minister Allawi has flatly denied this story. Why then is the Herald so confident about publishing it? PAUL McGEOUGH, 'SYDNEY MORNING HERALD' AND 'AGE' FOREIGN CORRESPONDENT: Well it's a very contentious issue. What you have is two very solid eyewitness accounts of what happened at a police security complex in a south-west Baghdad suburb. They are very detailed. They were done separately. Each witness is not aware that the other spoke. They were contacted through personal channels rather than through the many political, religious or military organisations working in Baghdad that might be trying to spin a tale. And they've laid it out very carefully and very clearly as to what they saw. MAXINE McKEW: You haven't identified these witnesses but why have they felt free to talk about such an extraordinary story? PAUL McGEOUGH: Well, they were approached through personal connections and as a result of that, they accepted assurances. They were guaranteed anonymity, they were told that no identifying material would be published on them and they told what they saw. MAXINE McKEW: And just take us through the events as they were accounted to you? PAUL McGEOUGH: Well, I'll take you through what the two bits of pieces of what the two witnesses said to give you the full chronology as I understand it. There was a surprise visit at about 10:30 in the morning to the police centre. The PM is said to have talked to a large group of policemen, then to have toured the complex. They came to a courtyard where six, sorry seven prisoners were lined up against a wall. They were handcuffed, they were blindfolded, they were described to me as an Iraqi colloquialism for the fundamentalist foreign fighters who have come to Baghdad. They have that classic look that you see with many of the Osama bin Laden associates of the scraggly beard and the very short hair and they were a sort of ... took place in front of them as they were up against this wall was an exchange between the Interior Minister and Dr Allawi, the Interior Minister saying that he felt like killing them on the spot. It's worth noting at this point in the story that on June 19, there was an attack on the Interior Minister's home in the Sunni triangle in which four of his bodyguards (inaudible) -- Dr Allawi is alleged to have said (inaudible) -- . MAXINE McKEW: Paul, you just dropped out there. You were just beginning to describe in fact how this incident, this alleged incident, took place. What was the action taken? PAUL McGEOUGH: Um, after a tour of the complex, the sort of official party, if you like, arrived in a courtyard where the prisoners were lined up against a wall. An exchange is said to have taken place between Dr Allawi and the Interior Minister. The Interior Minister lives to the north of Baghdad, and on June 19, four of his bodyguards were killed in an attack on his home. He expressed the wish that he would like to kill all these men on the spot. The PM is said to have responded that they deserved worse than death, that each was responsible for killing more than 50 Iraqis each, and at that point, he is said to have pulled a gun and proceeded to aim at and shoot all seven. Six of them died, the seventh, according to one witness, was wounded in the chest, according to the other witness, was wounded in the neck and presumed to be dead. MAXINE McKEW: And the victims, they were, what, foreign or local insurgents? PAUL McGEOUGH: They were - one of the witnesses described them as Wahabis, the Iraqi colloquialism for foreign fighters who have come into the country or local Iraqis who have taken on their Islamic jihad, if you like. The reference is very much to their appearance - very short hair, very scraggly beard and four of them were described as Wahabis, the other three were described to me as normal Iraqis. -- If this is true then this is a great symbol directed to the terrorists. Allawi isn't going to stand for this kind of crap. He will personally deal with these terrorists. I think this is incredible for a Prime Minister to do, especially in that neck of the woods. The Middle East has a long history with various forms of inhumanity. Why should anyone especially the new Prime Minster show ANY of these terrorists ANY mercy? They clearly have no mercy for innocent civilians or holy shrines in Iraq, so why all the fuss over some terrorists. Just because they look human doesn't mean they are human inside. Their hearts are as black as a moonless night. The hate so strong it could take paint off a bathroom wall. Their tangible disgust and comtempt for Christianity, Judeaism, Hinduism, Buddhism, etc...has spilled over like a virus and is now infecting the world with their cult. Andrew B.

 By David Warren An Israeli friend gives a good description of what I call the "gliberal" worldview presented in our media, and elsewhere. It is, in the strictest sense, puzzling. This is not only because it lacks any kind of logical consistency -- for the people who subscribe to it do not confuse us by even attempting such a thing. Rather, it presents a view of the world in an endless series of journalistic pictures, from each of which the obvious has been -- sometimes carefully and sometimes carelessly -- airbrushed. >From each word picture, the reader must guess what has been left out. Since it's often the same obvious thing that was omitted from the last word picture, many readers have little difficulty supplying the missing link for themselves. But many more are confused. The media seldom make anything up; they seldom add anything imaginary; and they seldom remove anything -- except the obvious. Perhaps this will become clearer by using a big example. The U.S. and Israel have mortal enemies. Every living American, and Jew, is at personal risk because of it. That much is obvious. But airbrush that reality out of every picture, and a lot of American and Israeli behaviour becomes incomprehensibly malicious. It becomes possible, for instance, to have an endless argument about whether the U.S. should have invaded Iraq, based not on the obvious fact of Saddam Hussein (who wasn't exactly concealing his animus), but rather on various arcane aspects of the interpretation of pre-war intelligence data. The obscene judgment against Israel handed down on the weekend by the International Court of Justice in the Hague, was built on the same media principle. Israel was instructed to immediately remove the Wall it has been building -- the one designed to prevent Palestinian terrorists from getting at defenceless Israeli civilians. At the root of the Hague decision -- and the reason why I call it obscene -- was the splitting of a legal hair, down through skull and brain tissue. Israel does not have the right to defend itself against Palestinian terrorists under international law, according to the majority of the judges, because Israel has not recognized Palestine as a legitimate state. Or in its own words, the Court contended that, "as the uses of force emanate from occupied territory, it is not an armed attack 'by one State against another' ." To call this disingenuous would be too respectful. We won't go, yet again, into the reasons why the Palestinians don't have a state; only remind that they have several times declined a state, when one was offered. The Court speaks for a United Nations many of whose agents have been implicated in Palestinian terror strikes on the ground. The Court's judges were overwhelmingly of established, anti-Israel background. And the court knew, as its Dutch Chief Justice acknowledged, that its decision could have no effect on reality; it was merely "moral suasion" -- i.e., a propaganda stunt. Yasser Arafat immediately yelped in triumph. He has thrived on this kind of propaganda, as well as on terror, throughout his career. His sagging fortunes as godfather of the perpetual Intifada immediately recovered, as he basked in the verbal support of politicians and diplomats all over the world. A kind of celebratory bombing immediately followed in south Tel Aviv, claiming the life of Sgt. Maayan Na'im, a beautiful young woman army technologist. Mr. Arafat claimed the Israelis had performed this bombing themselves -- and the world media reported that with a strait face. They did not report the words of Sammi Masrawa, an Israeli Arab injured in the blast who had watched a pregnant woman's legs get blown off, even while receiving his own glass shrapnel. Mr. Masrawa, who had himself been campaigning against the Wall, now fully supports it. There was no official response from the Israeli prime minister's office, but a spokesman said unofficially that the ICJ decision would "find its place in the garbage can of history". The wall will continue to be built, because Israelis as a species prefer being alive in defiance of fatuous ICJ judgments, to being dead in obedience to them. Yet the Court has correctly, if accidentally, diagnosed the problem, or rather a limitation, of the Wall. By inevitably cutting off some Palestinians from others (as it also cuts off some Israelis from others), it leaves a "fifth column" of radicalized Palestinians still on the Israeli side of the barrier, especially within east Jerusalem. It may thus concentrate remaining terror incidents in that most politically sensitive place. The Wall is thus not an end, but a beginning.

 WASHINGTON -- Among various principles invoked by the International Court of Justice in its highly publicized decision on Israel's security fence is this one: It is a violation of international law for Jews to be living in the Jewish Quarter of Jerusalem. If this sounds absurd to you -- Jews have been inhabiting the Old City of Jerusalem since it became their capital 3,000 years ago -- it is. And it shows the lengths to which the United Nations and its associate institutions, including this kangaroo court, will go in order to condemn Israel. The ICJ's main business was to order Israel to tear down the security fence separating Israelis from Palestinians. The fence is only one-quarter built, and yet it has already resulted in an astonishing reduction in suicide attacks into Israel. In the last four months, two Israelis have died in suicide attacks, compared with 166 killed in the same time frame at the height of the terror. But what are 164 dead Jews to this court? Israel finally finds a way to stop terrorism, and 14 eminences sitting in The Hague rule it illegal -- in a 64-page opinion in which the word terrorism appears not once (except when citing Israeli claims). Read the rest on the website. This guy, Charles Krauthammer is incredible. The more I listen to what he says, the more I realize that what I am doing on this blog is the right thing to do. Kudos to you Mr. Krauthammer. Andrew B.

 AMSTERDAM, Netherlands - Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic (news - web sites)'s defense case has been postponed until Aug. 31 because of his ill health, a court official said Friday. The trial had been scheduled to resume Monday, after four previous delays, but a new medical report indicated his blood pressure was still too high, court spokesman Jim Landale said. -- This is why the Hague, World Court and others like it are utterly useless. This trial has been going on for like 200 years already it seems. I mean. it seems simple enough charge the guy, show the evidence and convict him (if found guilty). What is the major problem here people. It's called due process. Now DO your process, already for ctying out loud. Andrew B.

 By MELISSA RADLER AND TOVAH LAZAROFF With the US standing firmly behind Israel, and the Arab world united against it, the UN General Assembly began its debate on the security fence's legitimacy Friday. The debate is being held under the banner, "Israel's illegal actions in East Jerusalem and the occupied Palestinian territories." Amongst the speakers at Friday's debate are Palestinian envoy to the UN Nasser al-Kidwa, and Israel's Ambassador to the UN Dan Gillerman. Bolstered by a legal opinion from the International Court of Justice last week which stated that construction of a "wall" beyond Israel's pre-1967 borders is illegal, the Palestinians – via the League of Arab States – are asking the General Assembly to insist that the barrier be removed. "The session promises to be a very stormy one and a very dramatic one," Gillerman told The Jerusalem Post on Thursday. He added that it was unclear whether a vote would be called today. "Unfortunately, UN resolutions have a way of being against Israel," said Gillerman, who has spent the week meeting with ambassadors to muster support for the fence. -- If you look at the total amount of resolutions against Israel it would make your head spin by the one sidedness of it all. Andrew B.

 -- As bizarre as this story began...it is now over. People gathered outside the Bureij Refugee Camp where Jabali was originally reported to have been taken. He was released in a rural area near the refugee camp and driven in a convoy of Palestinian security forces and Fatah officials toward Gaza City. The officials said the abduction was related to an internal feud between Jabali and the Palestinian Popular Resistance Committee, which was pressing for more jobs in the police force for its members. As head of the police forces, Jabali has been identified as Arafat's "enforcer," known for cracking down on dissenters. Welcome to BIZARRO "PALESTINE" Andrew B.

 By RIAZ KHAN, Associated Press Writer PESHAWAR, Pakistan - A Pakistani tribal chief accused of sheltering al-Qaida suspects in a region bordering Afghanistan (news - web sites) has surrendered, an official said Friday. Maulvi Shaukatullah, chief of the Bizankhel tribe, gave himself up Thursday to government officials in Wana, the main town in South Waziristan, said Brig. Mahmood Shah, chief of security for the region. Hundreds of Arab, Central Asian and Afghan al-Qaida suspects are believed to be hiding in the tribal region near Afghanistan. Pakistani security forces have carried out several operations in the area to flush out the militants. About 100 fighters and Pakistani soldiers died in the latest offensive last month in Shakai, a village 15 miles west of Wana. -- You think that this would be considered great news, but AP loves to put this kind of good news way down the list of importance. Listen this is great because it helps us get one step closer to Osama and his thug posse. This can only help...remember that. Andrew B.

 PERTH, Australia (AFP) - An Australian citizen of Iraqi descent appeared barefoot before a court charged with conspiracy to murder members of Saddam Hussein (news - web sites)'s former ruling Baath Party. Father of six Khairallah Al Bunajim, 40, was arrested at his home in the Perth suburbs during an early morning operation involving federal police counter terrorism teams and state police. A home was also searched across the country in the Sydney suburb of Yagoona. Al Bunajim was charged under West Australian state legislation with conspiracy to commit wilful murder in the republic of Iraq (news - web sites), a charge carrying a maximum sentence of 14 years. -- Why is this guy in jail? I think what he was doing was fine. It's about time people (Iraqis) starting caring about their country. Although, I probably wouldn't do what he did per se, but he isn't a terrorist. He was trying to help get rid of Baathist in Iraq. What could be possibly be bad about that? Izzat Ibrahim al-Duri, name ring a bell? Well, we haven't gotten him yet, but with people like Khairallah hopefully we will find him and his ilk and bring justice to them. Andrew B.

 WELLINGTON, New Zealand - Vandals smashed historic headstones and cut a swastika into a lawn at a Jewish cemetery overnight, authorities said Friday. The attack came just hours after two Israeli men were imprisoned for passport fraud and labelled spies by the New Zealand government. Wellington Botanic Gardens manager David Sole said the Jewish section of Bolton St. cemetery near the center of the New Zealand capital was a sea of broken marble and overturned tombstones when he visited Friday morning. "People are speculating the attack may have been sparked by the two Israeli men and the passport case," a council spokesman said, speaking on usual condition of anonymity. -- What a surprise...yeah right. Andrew B.

 By FRANCES D'EMILIO, Associated Press Writer ROME - The three-month offer of a terrorism truce — made in April purportedly by Osama bin Laden (news - web sites) — expired on Thursday, little noticed in European countries that had been invited to accept it. At the time the taped message was broadcast on Islamic satellite networks April 15, CIA (news - web sites) officials said that technical analysis of the recording indicated it was probably authentic. "I announce a truce with the European countries that do not attack Muslim countries," said the audiotape by a man identifying himself as bin Laden. "The door to a truce is open for three months," but the time frame could be extended. "The truce will begin when the last soldier leaves our countries," the speaker said without elaborating. An apparent attempt to drive a wedge between Europe and America, it was quickly spurned by Britain, Germany, Italy and Spain. -- Doesn't anyone read anymore??? In the Islamic faith, there is no such thing as a truce. The closest thing to it is called "Hudna" . A hudna is a cease to hostilites during a battle for the sheer purpose to resupply and gear up for round 2. They have no intentions of surrender or negotiations. You can't negotiate with these animals. They only understand one thing...and that is power. If you destroy them...they lose. If you give in...they win. it is as simple as that. It really is. Andrew B.

 RIYADH, Saudi Arabia - A wanted militant turned himself in to Saudi diplomats in Syria in response to a royal amnesty offer that expires soon, Saudi newspapers reported Friday. Ibrahim al-Sadeq al-Qaidy had fought alongside Islamic extremists in Afghanistan (news - web sites) and Bosnia, but had more recently been in hiding in Syria, the newspapers reported. It was not clear Friday what charges he faced and whether he was back in his homeland or was at the Saudi Embassy in Damascus. Saudi and Syrian officials were not immediately available for comment Friday. Following a series of suicide bombings, gunbattles and kidnappings blamed on al-Qaida members or sympathizers, King Fahd issued an amnesty offer, saying his government would not seek the death penalty against militants who turned themselves in. At the same time, security forces have stepped up efforts to capture those who don't give up. Al-Qaidy was the fourth to respond. The most prominent of the four, Khaled bin Ouda bin Mohammed al-Harby, returned home Tuesday after surrendering in Iran. Al-Harby was a confidant of al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden (news - web sites), a Saudi-born dissident who portrays the United States as the enemy of Islam and the Saudi royal family as too close to America. -- Dare I say it? The Sausi plan actually working. I feel sick, yet intriqued by the results so far. Obviously, we have to look at this with a fine comb...so to speak. I mean really are we supposed to believe these guys gave themselves up? I think that the higher ups in al-Qaeda sent these morons back as dis-information to the allies. They will give us bad info so that we will be guarding the wrong spot and then hit us from behind. Andrew B.

 By JAMIE TARABAY, Associated Press Writer BAGHDAD, Iraq - The Philippines worked Friday to meet the demands of kidnappers holding a Filipino truck driver, announcing it was withdrawing the head of its humanitarian mission in Iraq (news - web sites) and a further 10 troops. In a new message to the militants holding Angelo dela Cruz, Philippines Foreign Secretary Delia Albert said 11 soldiers were leaving for home Friday, reducing troop strength to 32. The pullout came despite criticism from the United States and Australia, who said the Philippines was sending the wrong signal to terrorists. Al-Jazeera broadcast a video Thursday showing dela Cruz thanking the Philippines for the decision and no longer wearing the bright orange garment he wore in previous videos — an apparent sign that he is no longer under threat of death. The Philippines had planned to pull its troops out by Aug. 20, but said Wednesday it would withdraw them early because of the kidnapping. -- I still say this sets a bad standard for future terrorists. Andrew B.

 By Shahdi al-Kashif GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian militants abducted Gaza's police chief at gunpoint Friday after ambushing his convoy and wounding two of his bodyguards, Palestinian security sources and witnesses said. A group calling itself the Jenin Martyrs' Brigade claimed responsibility but gave no motive for Ghazi al-Jabali's kidnapping, which was likely to fuel concern about lawlessness in Gaza before a planned Israeli pullout. Palestinian security sources said the group was part of the Popular Resistance Committees, which include militants who had belonged to various factions. The kidnappers, the sources said, appeared to be former members of the Palestinian security forces in the Gaza Strip (news - web sites) with personal grievances against Jabali. -- Here we go...just like Iraq. The relgion of beheading will now commence in Gaza. The real wonder was...what was taking them so long to copy the other terrorists. Andrew B.

 -- This seems like an unlikely source of information, but I have to tell you it sent chills down my spine. I was really scared for this lady and her family. Read the ENTIRE story...WOW!!! Note from the E-ditors: You are about to read an account of what happened during a domestic flight that one of our writers, Annie Jacobsen, took from Detroit to Los Angeles. The WWS Editorial Team debated long and hard about how to handle this information and ultimately we decided it was something that should be shared. What does it have to do with finances? Nothing, and everything. Here is Annie's story. On June 29, 2004, at 12:28 p.m., I flew on Northwest Airlines flight #327 from Detroit to Los Angeles with my husband and our young son. Also on our flight were 14 Middle Eastern men between the ages of approximately 20 and 50 years old. What I experienced during that flight has caused me to question whether the United States of America can realistically uphold the civil liberties of every individual, even non-citizens, and protect its citizens from terrorist threats. On that Tuesday, our journey began uneventfully. Starting out that morning in Providence, Rhode Island, we went through security screening, flew to Detroit, and passed the time waiting for our connecting flight to Los Angeles by shopping at the airport stores and eating lunch at an airport diner. With no second security check required in Detroit we headed to our gate and waited for the pre-boarding announcement. Standing near us, also waiting to pre-board, was a group of six Middle Eastern men. They were carrying blue passports with Arabic writing. Two men wore tracksuits with Arabic writing across the back. Two carried musical instrument cases - thin, flat, 18 long. One wore a yellow T-shirt and held a McDonald's bag. And the sixth man had a bad leg -- he wore an orthopedic shoe and limped. When the pre-boarding announcement was made, we handed our tickets to the Northwest Airlines agent, and walked down the jetway with the group of men directly behind us. My four-year-old son was determined to wheel his carry-on bag himself, so I turned to the men behind me and said, You go ahead, this could be awhile. No, you go ahead, one of the men replied. He smiled pleasantly and extended his arm for me to pass. He was young, maybe late 20's and had a goatee. I thanked him and we boarded the plan. Once on the plane, we took our seats in coach (seats 17A, 17B and 17C). The man with the yellow shirt and the McDonald's bag sat across the aisle from us (in seat 17E). The pleasant man with the goatee sat a few rows back and across the aisle from us (in seat 21E). The rest of the men were seated throughout the plane, and several made their way to the back.........

 Very funny...a must see. Sometimes you need a break from reality and read something like this. I am still laughing. Andrew B.

 CAIRO (Reuters) - Hundreds of thousands of people could die in Darfur in western Sudan this year unless medical relief organizations pre-position supplies and vaccinate people susceptible to cholera, the United Nations ( urlLink news - urlLink web sites ) said on Thursday.&nbsp; Conflict in Darfur has driven more than a million people from their homes into camps with poor sanitary conditions. Now that the rainy season has started, cholera could spread fast. "Hundreds of thousands of people's lives are now hanging in the balance, and they need help now," said Lee Jong-wook, director-general of the U.N. World Health Organization ( urlLink news - urlLink web sites ) (WHO). "If massive humanitarian relief is not immediately brought to the people of Darfur, the numbers of people dying each day will drastically increase," a WHO statement added. "However, if the build-up of the relief effort can be sustained and properly supported, the number of deaths can be kept to the minimum for an emergency situation," it said. &nbsp; -- Why am I not shocked that this is the response that the UN gave. What is not surprising is that, this is the only thing the UN will do. THAT'S IT. The only the UN will get involved is when another country gets involved first. Then the UN will go in after all the "DIRTY" work has been done. &nbsp; Andrew B.

 WASHINGTON (AFP) - North Korea (news - web sites) acknowledged that most of its nuclear programs are weapons related, during the recent six-party talks to resolve the nuclear crisis on the Korean Peninsula, US Assistant Secretary of State James Kelly said. "While they said they wanted to maintain a civil nuclear program, they also acknowledged that most of their nuclear programs are weapons related," Kelly told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in his first public briefing since returning from the third round of the six-party talks in Beijing last month. North Korea has refrained from stating publicly that it has nuclear weapons, although it speaks of an existing "nuclear deterrent." Kelly said the North Korean delegation at the talks "clearly identified" a five-megawatt reactor at Yongbyon as a nuclear weapons facility. -- Am I supposed to be surprised? North Korea is like that kid at summer camp that kept acting weird so that everyone would pay attention to him and then when provoked he ran away...and fast. (Not a personal story. I was never chased by big beefy kids at summer camp that wanted to kick my ass constantly. They never used to point at me saying ha ha ha you're weird..nahhh never happened...wait am I thinking out loud...ooops.) Andrew B.

 By DANIEL WOOLLS, Associated Press Writer MADRID, Spain - Europe's biggest terrorist threat is Morocco — seething with as many as 1,000 al-Qaida adherents capable of suicide attacks and skilled at slipping through the continent's southern gateway, Spain's leading anti-terrorism judge testified Thursday. The impoverished kingdom just a short ferry ride across the Strait of Gibraltar has about 100 al-Qaida-linked cells that raise money by dealing hashish, fencing luxury cars and smuggling people into Spain, Judge Baltasar Garzon told lawmakers investigating the Madrid train bombings. Most of the 17 suspects jailed in the March 11 bombings, which killed 190 people, are Moroccan. "They use every means and mechanism, and their activity can even be initially perceived as ordinary delinquency," Garzon said of the cells. "In my opinion it is the gravest problem Europe faces today with this kind of terrorism." -- I think they are partly right about Morocco. Although, I think that people are underestimating the threat from within France itself. The Muslim population in France is now just about over 10%...so out of 59 Million people of France there are 5.9 Million Muslims. Now if you take ONLY 1% of that number you are still left with 59,000 possible terrorists. That is a lot of people. (Note* - Not saying all the Muslims in France are terrorists.) It is sad because the French government is afraid to do anything against their Muslim population. (Side Note* - France has one of the highest Muslim percentage populations in all of Europe. Only Albania, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Macedonia and Serbia have a higher percentages. urlLink European Muslim Population Andrew B.

 By WILLIAM J. KOLE, Associated Press Writer VIENNA, Austria - A bloody spate of suicide bombings, hostage-takings and beheadings in Iraq (news - web sites) has rocked the U.S.-led coalition, prompting the Philippines to pull out its tiny contingent and anxious people elsewhere to demand their troops come home. The violence — and the growing hesitation of many countries to send soldiers — led Iraq's new premier to issue a plea for help Thursday from nations with large Muslim populations including India, Pakistan and Egypt. Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said he also was looking for soldiers from Bangladesh and Morocco, apparently hoping the Islamic insurgents targeting Western forces and civilians would be less likely to attack Muslim troops. Allawi said in an interview with Associated Press Television News in Baghdad that he was turning to "our neighbors and brothers in the Islamic world to close ranks to fight terrorism." -- Somehow I doubt that these terrorists will care if the soldiers on the ground are Muslim or not. If you look at the scenario now...they are mainly killing innocent Iraqis who are waiting in line or in a cafe, etc... So this talk of placing Muslims soldiers is a bit much for me...considering the recent chain of events in the Sunni Triangle. Hey you never know...it might work, but my bet is it won't make much of a difference. Andrew B.

 Posted: July 15, 2004 1:00 a.m. Eastern © 2004 WorldNetDaily.com An online magazine tied to al-Qaida responded to Saudi Arabia's ultimatum to terrorists with an emphatic rejection, referring repeatedly to the kingdom's leadership as "demonic rulers." Saudi Crown Prince Abd Allah ibn Abd Al-'Aziz declared June 23, on behalf of Saudi King Fahd ibn Abd Al-'Aziz, a month-long period of clemency during which al-Qaida members could surrender. In response, the magazine Sawt Al-Jihad, which is identified with al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula, published an article by Sheikh Ubay Abd Al-Rahman Al-Athari bin Bajad Al-'Utaybi, titled "Oh Demonic Rulers, There Will Be No Surrender!," rejecting the Saudi offer, according to the Middle East Media Research Institute, which provided a translation. -- As if we were expecting a welcome mat by al-Qaeda to the Saudis. Please... Andrew B.

 Thursday, July 15, 2004 Saudi Arabia has approved the procurement of a huge C4I security network worth $9.4 billion as part of a project to ensure border security, according to a new report. The report by the Center for Strategic and International Studies said the Saudi Interior Ministry has approved a system developed by the Paris-based Thales that would establish a security zone along the 6,500 kilometers of the kingdom's land and sea borders. The report said the system would undergo installation starting in the fourth quarter of 2004. -- You have to love the fact that they are spending so much on their borders and nothing on their people. Very nice. I guess in their defense (g-d did I just say that?), we should probably do the same thing here with Canada + Mexico. Shame on me for agreeing with the Saudis for once. G-d I feel so dirty...yuk! Andrew B.

 By Associated Press BAGHDAD, Iraq - A decapitated body in an orange jumpsuit was discovered in the Tigris River north of Baghdad, the U.S. military said Thursday. The identity of the body, found by Iraqi police Wednesday night northwest of the city of Beiji, was not known, the military said. Police turned the body over to the U.S. military for identification. Militant groups in Iraq have taken several foreign contractors hostage, threatening to kill them if their governments did not pull their troops out or accede to other demands. Two slain hostages were wearing orange garments in videos showing their deaths. A militant group affiliated with Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi said Wednesday it had killed a Bulgarian hostage. Video broadcast on Al-Jazeera showed one of two Bulgarian hostages, later identified as Georgi Lazov, kneeling before three masked men. The television station said the rest of the video, which it declined to air, showed the man being killed. His body had not been recovered. The militants said they would killed the second Bulgarian hostage if its demand for the United States to release Iraqi detainees was not met. Al-Zarqawi's group earlier claimed responsibility for beheading of American businessman Nicholas Berg and South Korean translator Kim Sun-il. The militant group holding Filipino truck driver Angelo dela Cruz captive said they would release him when the last Filipino soldier leaves the country, which should take place by the end of the month, according to a statement read Thursday on Al-Jazeera. Dela Cruz also appeared in a video on the Arab television station earlier, saying he was coming home soon and thanking his government for agreeing to withdraw its peacekeepers from the country. In the video, dela Cruz was no longer wearing the bright orange garment he had worn previously. He pointed out that he had changed clothing, an apparent sign that he is no longer under threat of execution. -- Am I to assume this is either the Bulgarian or the guy from the Philippines? I am willing to wager money that this is the Filopino guy. They probably killed him anyway even though they got what they wanted from Arroyo, a full pull out of Iraq. Bastards. (All speculation BTW) Andrew B.

 Thursday, July 15, 2004 :: Las week, there was an agreement between the governments of Iraq and Syria to form a special force to guard and watch the borders between the two countries in an attempt to put an end for the movement of intruders from Syria to the Iraqi lands. This issue attracted a lot of attention in the Arab world and on the Arab Media. So as usual I’m presenting here a bunch of the responses (translated of course) posted by Arab readers on the BBC Arabic forum. There were 81 comments until the moment when I finished preparing this post and I’ve chosen 14 of which that I found interesting or in some cases, weird! However, to show you the whole picture about what I found in this forum, I performed some statistics work. And the results were: - 32 % support the agreement but still doubt that the Syrian government is honest regarding the promises given to cooperate with Iraqis to control the passage of fighters across the borders. - 17 % support the agreement unreservedly. - 10 % are against the agreement and were critical of the new Iraqi government and the performance of the multinational forces in Iraq. - 16 % totally against the agreement either because they don’t trust Syria (4%) or because they feel that it will disrupt the unity of the Arab world(12%). - 19 % denied the whole subject and they think that no foreigners are entering Iraq to give the “resistance” a hand and this is just a Zionist-American conspiracy to control the region - 6 % were not clear in their statements and didn’t reflect a definite inclination.

 In an article in the London Arabic-language daily Al-Sharq Al-Awsat, columnist Ahmad Al-Rab'i calls on Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat to resign, on the grounds that the continuation of his leadership serves Israel. The following is the translation of the article: [1] "In the Palestinian Authority, there are 12 security apparatuses, and their number has nothing to do with security but with the fact that there are 12 people who must each be given a security apparatus so they will be important. If there were 40 people with similar characteristics, it would be necessary to please them and establish 40 Palestinian security apparatuses. "Because there are 12 security apparatuses, each run by a private kingdom, security does not prevail in the PA territories, and it appears that some of the [apparatus] heads are exploiting their apparatuses to gain influence and maybe even to get rich. "The task of Egyptian intelligence head Omar Suleiman was difficult, because he is interested in consolidating the divided security apparatuses. Lately, Arafat has complied with this demand, but has implemented it in his own way, since he needs to be chairman of every sphere. Arafat has expropriated the right of the prime minister, neglected the role of the Palestinian security minister, and appointed his cronies heads of some of the apparatuses. He has set himself at their head, and transformed his headquarters into the joint operations room of all the security apparatuses. "Arafat, who lives like a leader with no rival, employs day-to-day tactics with no strategy, and thinks it important to appear in control of everything. This mentality has caused the missing of a rare opportunity, which former prime minister Abu Mazen tried to exploit. Prior to that, other opportunities were missed. -- Just get rid of the damn guy already. The world's oldest terrorist needs to go and fast. He reminds me of that guy in high school that was always hanging around you and your friends, but you really wanted him to just go away because he was either smelly, ugly, not nice, told bad jokes, bad acne, stupid, heavy breather, genocidal maniac bent on Israeli destruction. I am sure you can relate Mr. Arafat considering you meet all these standards. Andrew B.

 By TAREK EL-TABLAWY BAGHDAD, Iraq (AP) - Attackers detonated a car bomb near police and government buildings in the western city of Haditha on Thursday, killing 10 Iraqis, while the prime minister said he would create a new security service geared toward halting the insurgency. Police apparently thwarted an attack in Karbala, where police chased a car after receiving a tip it was filled with explosives. The two militants inside detonated their bomb, killing only themselves and causing no other casualties. On Wednesday, a suicide attacker in Baghdad killed at least 10 people in a car bombing near Iraqi government headquarters and insurgents assassinated a provincial governor in an ambush of his convoy. Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said the General Security Directorate "will annihilate those terrorist groups, God willing." -- Sick, sick, sick. These people (a term I like to use loosely) are unbelievable. Disgust isn't the proper word I need to use for these kinds of attacks against humanity. These guys should be captured and destroyed instantly...no jails, no trial, no phone call home, no collecting $200 (esoteric monopoly reference). You get the idea. Andrew B.

 ATTACK IMMINENT. TARGET ITALY? We're detecting discussion/postings in the Qaida-linked forums suggesting that a signal has just been given for an attack, and that the target *may be* Italy. Interested parties should contact me directly for more info. This is not a drill. UPDATE 09:23 CDT (GMT -5): For some time now Internet Haganah, in cooperation with another counter-terrorism organization that specializes in monitoring discussions on Arabic-language forums known to be popular with Al Qaida operatives, has been actively involved in examining such forums for signs of 'command and control', i.e. that the forums may from time to time be used to pass along orders to field operatives. One active participant in these forums is widely recognized as a source of credible information that originates with people in the leadership circles of various Al Qaida franchises and affiliates. This individual is not known to post information that is off-topic or old. This individual is suspected of ties to acts of Islamic terrorism going back over a decade. This individual is suspected of having previously given "the signal" for terrorist attacks to occur. Aaron...contact me right away...if you read this via email. I will see what I can do. Andrew B.

 -- So am I... By TIA GOLDENBERG New Zealand's Jewish community is reacting with both embarrassment and concern to Prime Minister Helen Clark's decision to impose diplomatic sanctions on Israel. The sanctions come after two Israeli citizens, Uri Kelman and Eli Cara - suspected of being Mossad agents - were sentenced on Thursday to six months in prison and a NZ $50,000 fine for illegally trying to obtain a New Zealand passport. "New Zealand is not particularly friendly to Israel," said Mike Regan, editor of The New Zealand Jewish Chronicle. He said Clark's decision has more to do with the possibility of Mossad being in the country than it does with the men's attempt to obtain illegal passports. "Clarke imposed her own judgment. She's trying a different case here," he said, adding that there is no strong evidence that the two men are actually secret agents. This is not good, as if the Israelis don't look bad enough to people around the world. Then again, I really don't give a shit what people think about Israel. All I want is for Israel to live in peace. I want the "Palestinians" to live in peace as well. Peace can only come when this wall is finished and peace is forced upon the "Palestinians". Andrew B.

 I am not sure if i am jumping to conclusions, but this website and the particular way that this "Mufti" communicates with his "followers" seems a bit fishy. Reason being is that most websites that have this kind of service aren't chat lines. (i.e. - askmoses.com. askjesus.com, etc..) They are all type based communication. Now call me crazy but I don't think there is a way for the computer to capture the voices in a cache somewhere like there is for email and stuff. Maybe I am wrong. If the computer can't cache the voices then they can communicate with impunity about Jihad and plan possible attacks. (not saying he is doing that, but I just making people aware of a possible loophole in internet space.) Is there anyone out there that is a techie with computers and can find out for me if voice streams can be cached on a computer just like emails, letters and stuff? Oh and BTW, I will be contacting the FBI about this website. I think I'll have them take a good gander and monitor this "Mufti". Andrew B.

 Looks like the truth comes out after all...not like they were hiding it from us. I have a question about offensive Jihad. Does it mean that we are to attack even those non-Muslims which don't do anything against Islam just because we have to propagate Islam? I have been reading Tafsir e Usmani for the last month or so. In it I have read that offensive Jihad (first attack) should be done by Muslims for 2 reasons. 1) For the sake of Allah (in the Way of God) 2) For the sake of subjugated people under oppression like in Kashmir, Palestine etc. Now the second reason I completely understand. But the explanation given of the first reason is "For the sake of Allah includes the propagation of Islam, the survival of Islam, the extermination of those hindrances which impede the progress and expansion of Islam." (explanation of verse 190, Surah baqara) I really don't understand this explanation. What does propagation of Islam mean here? Does it mean that we are to attack even those non-Muslims which don't do anything against Islam just because we have to propagate Islam? For example, there are many countries in the world which are not enemies of Islam in any way (at least I think so). Please explain to me against which Non-Muslims, the Muslims have to do Jihad and against which, Jihad is not allowed. JazakAllah Khair. Answer 12128 2004-07-13 You should understand that we as Muslims firmly believe that the person who doesn't believe in Allah as he is required to, is a disbeliever who would be doomed to Hell eternally. Thus one of the primary responsibilities of the Muslim ruler is to spread Islam throughout the world, thus saving people from eternal damnation. Thus what is meant by the passage in Tafsir Uthmani, is that if a country doesn't allow the propagation of Islam to its inhabitants in a suitable manner or creates hindrances to this, then the Muslim ruler would be justifying in waging Jihad against this country, so that the message of Islam can reach its inhabitants, thus saving them from the Fire of Jahannum. If the Kuffaar allow us to spread Islam peacefully, then we would not wage Jihad against them. and Allah Ta'ala Knows Best Mufti Ebrahim Desai

 ISM was founded by Israeli and Palestinian peace campaigners and leading members of the Palestinian Communist Party. It is run by Communist Party activist George Rishmawi and party politburo member Mustafa Barghouti. This is interesting...ISM founded by some communists. Who would have thought? I mean none of their "ACTIONS" seem anarchic or marxist to me...nahhh. They seem like your typical peace "ACTIVISTS". Andrew B.

 By MARGOT DUDKEVITCH Security forces lowered a high alert imposed on the Sharon district early Wednesday evening after successfully foiling a planned suicide-bomb attack. Forces also thwarted a suicide bombing in Jerusalem, Israel Radio reported. According to reports, Israeli security forces arrested two Palestinians who were to pick up their explosive belts. On Wednesday night the alerts were lowered but security forces continue to maintain a beefed up presence. Palestinians reported in the afternoon that a large number of IDF soldiers were deployed in Tulkarm and the adjacent refugee camp and checkpoints were set up at entrances to the city and there was an increased presence in the surrounding environs. In the late afternoon, security forces boosted their presence along the seam-line area setting up roadblocks at entrances to Elad, Kafr Kasim. Rosh Ha'ayin and Petah Tikva, as well as other major cities in the area. As traffic came to a halt along Road 5 and Road 444 in both directions, armed policemen checked vehicles for possible suspects. Man these Israelis are awesome. What really amazes me is the sheer fact that they are able to stop these animals before they can commit homicide on a grand scale. Face it "Palestinians" the INFANTDADA is over. Andrew B.

 By DANIEL WOOLLS, Associated Press Writer MADRID, Spain - The Spanish government deliberately ignored a mosque known for fundamentalist preachings and frequented by suspects in the Madrid train bombings because the facility was financed by Saudi Arabia, an academic expert testified Wednesday. Spanish authorities knew for years the city's largest mosque, the Islamic Cultural Center, adhered to the Wahabi fundamentalist movement sponsored by Saudi Arabia, Islam expert Jesus Nunez told a commission investigating the March 11 bombings. Authorities did nothing to monitor the mosque because Saudi Arabia provides Spain with oil, Nunez said. What a shock that Spain was not watching their mosques. What a big fat surprise. Was it a surprise to anyone that these same mosques were harboring terrorists and was the location of where the plans to bomb the station came from and eminated from? Wow, I am sure shocked (NOT). Europe...do me a favor and wake the fuck up? Andrew B.

 By DANIEL WOOLLS, Associated Press Writer MADRID, Spain - The Spanish government deliberately ignored a mosque known for fundamentalist preachings and frequented by suspects in the Madrid train bombings because the facility was financed by Saudi Arabia, an academic expert testified Wednesday. Spanish authorities knew for years the city's largest mosque, the Islamic Cultural Center, adhered to the Wahabi fundamentalist movement sponsored by Saudi Arabia, Islam expert Jesus Nunez told a commission investigating the March 11 bombings. Authorities did nothing to monitor the mosque because Saudi Arabia provides Spain with oil, Nunez said. What a shock that Spain was not watching their mosques. What a big fat surprise. Was it a surprise to anyone that these same mosques were harboring terrorists and was the location of where the plans to bomb the station came from and eminated from? Wow, I am sure shocked (NOT). Europe...do me a favor and wake the fuck up? Andrew B.

 By YURI BAGROV, Associated Press Writer VLADIKAVKAZ, Russia - Rebels took 12 members of Chechnya (news - web sites)'s presidential security service captive the same day an assassination attempt was made on the acting Chechen president, an official said Wednesday. Initial reports about Tuesday's battle near the village of Avtury cited the head of the security service as saying 18 of its members were killed. But Chechnya's chief prosecutor, Vladimir Kravchenko, said on Russian television Wednesday that 12 force members were taken captive and that eight Chechen policemen were killed. Five rebels were killed in the fighting, which started when scores of insurgents ambushed the forces, Kravchenko said, according to the Interfax news agency. I said it before and I'll say it again...Russia needs to take off the gloves of "civility" and go in there and get these terrorists wherever they are hiding. if they are hiding in a building and wont come out...then bomb the building and kill them all. Show absolutely NO mercy with these terrorists, because they will show none towards us and that the truth. Period. Andrew B.

 By ADNAN MALIK, Associated Press Writer MANAMA, Bahrain - Bahraini authorities re-arrested six men Wednesday, saying they planned to bomb government and foreign interests here, the Interior Ministry said Wednesday. The six men, most of whom are believed to be part of Bahrain's Salafi Muslim community, originally were released June 23 after being detained for a day. An Interior Ministry official for the Persian Gulf island country said the men were re-arrested after investigators searched their computers and discovered documents on how to make and use bombs and poisons. A seventh man, who holds a British passport, also was being sought after his release last month, Farid Ghazi, a lawyer for the men, told The Associated Press in Bahrain. The suspect apparently was in Britain. The unidentified ministry official said in a statement carried by the official Bahrain News Agency that the seven had been in contact with terrorist organizations abroad and had finalized plans to attack targets in Bahrain, a close American ally and home to the U.S. Navy (news - web sites)'s 5th Fleet. My only question is this...Why were these terrorists let go and who let them go? Looks like someone had a little too much of Grandpa's ol' cough medicine...if you catch my drift and just happened to let these animals go back into the wild. Makes me sick. Andrew B.

 BAGHDAD, Iraq - Gunmen killed an auditor for the Industry Ministry in a drive-by shooting as he was leaving his office in Baghdad, authorities said Wednesday. The attack on Sabir Karim occurred Tuesday, said Seif Abdel Rahman, a ministry official. Karim is the second auditor in Iraq (news - web sites)'s fledgling interim government to be targeted for assassination. Ehsan Karim, the head of the Finance Ministry's audit board, was killed earlier this month when a bomb exploded as he was heading for work. His driver and bodyguard also were killed. As head of the Finance Ministry's audit board, Ehsan Karim had been in charge of the Iraqi probe into the oil-for-food scandal, officials said. I am beyond words. I hope Allawi does the right things and puts down the iron fist of justice with these terrorists. Andrew B.

 DOHA, Qatar - The popular Arab news channel Al-Jazeera, which the United States has accused of bias, has issued a code of ethics, vowing to "uphold journalistic values" and to be sensitive to the victims of the wars and disasters it covers. The code, issued in a statement at the end of a two-day international media forum that concluded Tuesday, said the station will "strive to reach and deliver the truth, respect our audience." Al-Jazeera often has been criticized for its coverage of the war on Iraq (news - web sites), especially by the United States. The statement pledged to "take into account the feelings of the victims of crime, wars, oppression and disasters, and the feelings of their families and the viewers." In June, U.S. National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice (news - web sites) accused Al-Jazeera of "purely inaccurate" reporting and suggested it was presenting a biased account of developments in the Middle East. In February, U.S. Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld branded Al-Jazeera and fellow Arab satellite station, Al-Arabiya, "violently anti-coalition" and accused them of turning Arabs against America. Al-Jazeera also has been accused of being an outlet for al-Qaida terror network, broadcasting videotapes and audiotapes purportedly from Osama bin Laden (news - web sites) or his aides. -- So by reading the context of the title...that means that they have been lying up to this point? Wow, that's a shocker if I have ever heard one. What a surprise...I never would have thought that one...(sarcasm) Andrew B.

 By Magnus Johansson BEIT SAHOUR, West Bank (Reuters) - A Muslim "Peeping Tom" who photographed a Palestinian Christian woman in the changing room of a clothes shop sparked a night of rioting near Bethlehem, witnesses said Wednesday. At the height of the riot, hundreds of Muslims and Christians fought each other with metal rods and stones in the streets of the West Bank town of Beit Sahour, adjacent to Bethlehem, revered as the birthplace of Jesus. "It was like a war," said Nahle, a resident. The first explosion of violence between Christians and Muslims in the area for years began when a Muslim man sneaked a camera into a changing room and snapped several pictures of a woman dressing, residents said. The man, from a nearby Muslim town, raced to a taxi with the shop-owner in pursuit. But he was forced to flee to a mosque when dozens of Beit Sahour residents arrived and began smashing the taxi, which they later set on fire. By then, Christians and Muslims involved in the dispute had called in reinforcements, witnesses said. The Muslims demanded police free the man, who was badly beaten during the melee, residents said. But the suspect was arrested and taken to a local jail. "Then the clashes really started," said Nahle. "They were fighting with sticks and stones, and extra police had to come from Ramallah and Bethlehem to stop it," he said. Police tried to quell the fighting by firing volleys in the air with automatic rifles, but violence only died down when the Bethlehem district governor imposed a curfew on the predominantly Christian town. Two people were taken to hospital with moderate injuries and scores more suffered cuts and bruises, medics said. Streets were littered with stones Wednesday morning and shops opened slowly as residents crept cautiously from their homes. Palestinian Tourism Minister Metri Abu Aita, a Bethlehem resident, said a six-day "timeout" had been called for the communities to hold talks. Inter-religious tension has been brewing for some time in the Bethlehem area, where Christians number only around 20 percent of the population, despite making up a majority of the population less than a century ago. The exodus of more affluent Christians has grown since a Palestinian uprising began in September 2000. Many Christians say they feel uneasy at a rise of Islamic radicalism during nearly four years of conflict with Israel, growing numbers of Muslims moving to Bethlehem from elsewhere and Israeli army operations and checkpoints in the Bethlehem area. (Additional reporting by Mohammed Assadi in Ramallah) -- All I have to say is, when Israel finishes that wall and fence...expect more of this, but more violent. The PA doesn't do anything, nor can they. Hamas and other Islamic groups are going have a civil war of who gets to control the "Palestinians". Each of these factions would love to take over and install sharia law onto the "Palestinians". Andrew B.

 MINNEAPOLIS - The war on terrorism is again at Minnesota's front door after federal authorities arrested a man who they suspect has terrorism ties. Federal sources told 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS the man was arrested last Wednesday at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport. Sources in the Twin Cities and in Washington D.C. said the man arrived on a flight and was taken into federal custody. Along the way, customs agents found disturbing items in his possession. The U.S. Bureau of Immigration and Customs Enforcement confirmed to 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS that Ali Mohamed Almosaleh is in federal custody in the Twin Cities. He was being detained on an immigration law violation, but federal sources confirmed there is much more than that to this investigation. Sources confirm Almosaleh was carrying a suicide when he was arrested. They say that note indicated a specific time and date for carrying out some sort of public suicide. He was also carrying CDs and DVDs, which federal sources say contained anti-American material. A source also confirms Almosaleh had something with him indicating a connection with at least one known terrorist. "One of the first things that comes to mind is is he actually going to do something that's the first concern," said terrorism expert Bill Michael. "Second, if law enforcement believes he is, and now rightly so they take an overly safe approach and they try and determine what activity he might actually be planning to engage in." Almosaleh arrived on a KLM flight last week. A source confirmed he began his travels in Syria and stopped in Amsterdam before continuing to the Twin Cities. -- This obviously was a test to see what would happen if a homicide bomber would come into an airport. The reaction is what they want. They want to see if the security in smaller cities is just as equiped as the larger ones. That is my thought on this... Andrew B.

 I am not sure I need to say anything after looking at this cartoon. I think it speaks for itself

 By Dick Morris FrontPageMagazine.com | July 14, 2004 As the Cold War waned, President Ronald Reagan went to Berlin and defiantly turned to the Soviet Union and said "Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall!" Now, we should turn toward Israel and say, despite the recent decision of the International Court, "Mr. Sharon, build this wall!" The contrast with Berlin is striking: Nikita Khrushchev built the Berlin Wall to keep people in; Israel has built its fence to keep terrorists out. The 480-mile security fence is being erected by Israel to keep out Palestinian terrorists who have killed almost 1,000 civilians since their campaign of suicide/homicide bombings began. To put the Israeli losses in perspective with their small population, that death toll is the equivalent of 50,000 dead in the United States — slightly fewer than we lost in the entire Vietnam War. The fence has succeeded brilliantly. No Israeli has been killed in a terrorist attack in an area where the fence has been completed in all of 2004 and terrorist attacks are down substantially from the rate of previous years. Now the International Court of Justice, dismissing Israeli security concerns, has ruled that Israel violated international law in routing the fence over Palestinian property. The fact is that a multilateral peace in the Middle East is clearly impossible. At the end of his tenure, President Bill Clinton negotiated a treaty with very generous terms only to watch it be rejected by Yasser Arafat and the PLO delegation. It is fanciful to believe that the cessation of a few miles of territory to an independent Palestinian state is going to prevent suicide bombings and other acts of terror by deranged fanatics. Nor is it realistic to expect to deter suicide bombers by threatening to kill them. Unilateral Israel military action, occupying Palestinian territory and rooting around for terrorists, just antagonizes the world and does little to protect Israel or deter attacks. A fence, which I have urged for years, is the best — and only — way to protect Israel. It is a unilateral way to make peace. G-d I love this guy...(not in that kind of way), but he makes it succinct. What else do you need to factor in? Nothing. If this wall is going to save Jewish lives then do it...which is what they are doing. If the "Palestinians" do not want peace...then peace is what they will get. Forceful peace. Interesting idea. Andrew B.

 By JPOST.COM STAFF Israel is readying for the day after Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat dies. A plan formulated by diplomatic and security officials, a copy of which was handed to Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom on Wednesday, forecasts "a state of lawlessness" in the Palestinian territories if and when the aging PA chairman passes away. The report warns that Israel should prepare for the possibility that Arafat's death will give new energy to the Palestinian uprising. Deputy PM Ehud Olmert said Wednesday from Turkey that there has been no change in Israel's policy towards Arafat, i.e. he will not be harmed, and will not be allowed to leave his Ramallah compound. Although the 'post-Arafat contingency plan' is not new – the Ministry of Defense published a similar report several months ago - the document delivered Wednesday to the Foreign Ministry details Israel's public diplomacy challenges for the day Arafat dies, Israel Radio reported. Three possible scenarios leading to Arafat's death have been considered and evaluated in the plan: Arafat's death in an Israeli military operation Arafat's death in a natural instantaneous death Arafat's slow death as a result of a terminal illness Israel's greatest concern is Arafat's funeral where hundreds of thousands of Palestinians are expected to march towards Jerusalem from Ramallah to bury the PA chairman on Temple Mount. Israeli authorities are preparing for the tricky job of preventing thousands of mourners from leaving Ramallah under the lenses of the international media. The possibility of having Arafat buried in Abu Dis is being considered, by Israel at least. Abu Dis lies on the northern slope of the Temple Mount. According to security officials, Israel will be blamed regardless of the nature of Arafat's death, and therefore must prepare a PR campaign for the event and consider sending Arafat for medical treatment abroad if he were to fall ill. The West Bank and Gaza will most likely fall to the control of Hamas and other terrorist Palestinian factions. The security officials, told Army Radio that the Palestinian Authority will not survive Arafat's death.

 You it is at times like this I really wonder about Sharon. I mean I know he is a good leader and all, but this is a bit much for me. I understand why he is doing it, but I am still a bit worried on this. We will see what will happen and what will transpire. Good luck Mr. Sharon. Prime Minister Ariel Sharon plans to form the widest coalition possible and begin negotiations with Labor and United Torah Judaism (UTJ) this coming Sunday. Speaking to reporters in the Knesset cafeteria on Wednesday, Sharon said he has invited the two parties for talks on Sunday, and that his coalition negotiating team would be in place by then. When asked if he had already opened coalition talks with Shas, Sharon said these talks are yet to start, but that in coalition negotiations "nothing can be ruled out." When asked about his current coalition partner Shinui, Sharon called the centrist party "an excellent partner", but added that there was no choice but to widen the coalition because his government has no majority in the Knesset. Keep your eye on Sharon...he's a man on a mission. That mission is saving Israelis from terrorists. Andrew B.

 What kind of bullshit is this... By Philip Johnston, Home Affairs Editor (Filed: 14/07/2004) Nine Afghan gunmen who hijacked an airliner four years ago and forced it to fly to London have been told they can stay in Britain with their wives and children. After a secret court hearing, immigration adjudicators refused them asylum but ruled that they could not be deported because their human rights would be infringed. David Davis, the shadow home secretary, described the ruling as "crazy" last night on the grounds that it sent the wrong signals to others tempted to use hijackings to claim asylum. The gunmen's continued presence is a severe embarrassment to the Government, which promised to block any asylum applications by those on the plane. Jack Straw, then Home Secretary, said: "I am utterly determined that nobody should consider that there can be any benefit in hijacking." A Number 10 spokesman said at the time: "You cannot have a situation where a signal can be sent to anybody that the way to get asylum is through hijacking a plane." The hijackers seized a Boeing 727 on an internal flight from Kabul in February 2000. Armed with guns and explosives, they held the plane at Stansted Airport for 70 hours surrounded by police and SAS before giving themselves up. They were jailed at the Old Bailey the following year for hijack, false imprisonment, possessing firearms with intent to cause fear of violence and possessing explosives. But their convictions were quashed by the Court of Appeal last summer. The judges ruled that the law relating to whether the men had acted under duress had been wrongly applied at their trial. Total bullshit...I am just sickened to death over crap like this. Andrew B.

 All I have to say is TAKE THEM OUT NOW!!! Get rid of these guys. These terrorists are crazy. The mad mullahs need to go and they need to go NOW! You have to read this whole thing. Normally I wouldn't post the entire article, but this one takes the cake. It's basically a declaration of war against the US and our allies (i.e - Israel + Europe). Why we don't just bomb the hell out of Tehran is beyond me... Posted: July 14, 2004 1:00 a.m. Eastern © 2004 WorldNetDaily.com In recent weeks, prominent Iranian figures within the government and in newspapers close to the regime have threatened the United States and Europe. The threats include "use of all means of force" against "enemy" targets "within and outside Iran," according to the Middle East Media Research Institute, or MEMRI. In a speech to the residents of the city of Hamedan on July 5, Iranian Leader Ali Khamenei said: "We, the Iranian people, within the borders of our country, will cut off any hand that harms our scientific, natural, human, or technological interests. We will cut off the hand that is sent to invade and work against our people's interests. We will do this with no hesitation. ... If the enemy has the audacity to harm and invade, our blows against it will not be limited to the borders of our country. ... If someone harms our people and invades [our country], we will endanger his interests anywhere in the world." Iranian Revolutionary Guards Political Bureau head Gen. Yadollah Javani wrote in the conservative daily Kayhan, which is close to Iranian Leader Ali Khamenei on July 8, Iran must respond to "threats" from the West. "To deal with the invader, Iran will use all its capabilities within and outside Iran," he said. Javani said the "converging of millions of Iranian youth imbued with the spirit of Shehada [martyrdom] in the Basij forces ... along with a courageous leader, the trend of the Islamic awakening, and the consolidation of many supporters around Iran's Islamic revolution can [all] go into action in times of crisis and play their part in light of these threats." The general said Iran has in its possession "long-range smart missiles which can reach many of the interests and vital resources of the Americans and of the Zionist regime in our region." "Thus," he continued, "if the enemies show stupidity and make any mistake towards Iran, [Iran] will certainly use all the means and capabilities at its disposal." Iran enjoys a "high deterrent ability," Javani said, "and if the enemy acts in madness and wants to try his luck, he will, as the leader said, quickly see his black fate, and will regret acting against Iran's Islamic regime." In an editorial, the July 6 edition of Kayhan stated: "The entire Islamic Middle East is now a volatile and tangled trap, and will be set off by the smallest bit of silliness – and will reap many victims of the sinful adventurers. ... Indeed, the White House's 80 years of exclusive rule are likely to become 80 seconds of Hell that will burn to ashes everything that has been built." Iran's "counter-reponse," the editorial said, "is likely to be called 'sudden death' and 'the Angel of Death suddenly revealed.' That very day, those who resist [Iran] will be struck from directions they never expected. The heartbeat of the crisis is undoubtedly [dictated by] the hand of Iran." Iran previously has threatened the U.S. and Europe with the recruitment and training of thousands of Iranian volunteers by Iran's Revolutionary Guards for suicide attacks. The country also has resumed, by order of Khamenei, a project for long-range Shihab 4 and Shihab 5 missiles, capable of reaching Europe and the U.S. In addition, senior Revolutionary Guards officials have spoken of a plan to eliminate "Anglo-Saxon civilization" using missiles and martyrdom [suicide] bombers, and about "29 sensitive targets" in the West, already identified by Iranian intelligence with the aim of blowing them up.

 Read it all...incredible Posted: July 14, 2004 1:00 a.m. Eastern © 2004 WorldNetDaily.com When Pierre Rehov saw images of a 12-year-old Palestinian boy being shot, it altered the course of his life. The film producer was stunned to learn Israel had been accused of targeting young Mohammed al-Dura, whose gripping death in the arms of his father was an image broadcast around the world. Indeed, the graphic images of the boy dying in his father Jamal's arms, supposedly murdered by Israeli soldiers, became the icon of the newly launched intifada and fueled the ambitions of a thousand young, would-be suicide bombers. "I was in shock," Rehov said in a recent magazine interview. "In this case, I knew as a producer that there was something very fishy about the images. The angles just weren't right." One day after watching footage of al-Dura's death, Rehov, an Algerian-born Jew who lives in France, was thrust into action when he witnessed a pro-Palestinian rally in the streets of Paris, where demonstrators screamed "Death to the Jews." The al-Dura video had been videotaped by a Palestinian freelance photographer working for France 2 television. An Israeli passport holder, Rehov took off for the Holy Land to investigate the suspicious death of the 12-year-old boy. He found numerous inconsistencies, including the trajectory of Israeli gunfire and the position of the bullet holes. Although al-Dura was buried before an autopsy could be performed, Rehov was convinced he had evidence the Palestinians themselves killed al-Dura for propaganda purposes. "It is not so hard to believe from some of these extremists who indoctrinate their children to be martyrs and suicide bombers," he told Lifestyles magazine. Indeed, as WorldNetDaily has reported, independent studies of the incident show the boy couldn't have been shot by Israeli soldiers as alleged. Moreover, there is compelling evidence that the "shooting death" of little Mohammed al-Dura was a piece of intentional Arab "street theatre" staged by Palestinians to portray Israelis as child murderers. Since the al-Dura incident and Rehov's revelations about it, the filmmaker has immersed himself in documenting, up-close and personal, the true nature of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict. To date he has produced six documentaries, highlighted on a new website that communicates his conviction that Palestinian leaders have created a mythology every reporter working in the disputed territories is compelled to buy if he wants to work safely. "There is no freedom of press under the Palestinian Authority, and no journalist can report honestly without risking his life," says Rehov. Traveling to Israel with his digital recorder, Rehov began undercover investigations of what is really happening behind the scenes in that troubled region. His films include "Israel and the War Of Images," on Palestinian television and media; "The Trojan Horse," uncovering Yasser Arafat's true designs; "Holy Land: Christians in Peril," on why Bethlehem, the birthplace of Jesus, is no longer a Christian town; "The Road to Jenin," exposing the Palestinian "massacre" hoax; "Silent Exodus," on the expulsion of a million Jews from Arab countries after 1948; and "Hostages of Hatred," why most Palestinians still are considered refugees after more than five decades. Like perhaps nothing else commercially available, Rehov's documentaries take the viewer behind the scenes to experience the stunning reality – so often obscured by the world's news media – of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. For instance, "Israel and the War of Images" proves, through exclusive footage of Palestinian leaders including Yasser Arafat, that their goal remains the eradication of the Jewish state. In it, the viewer can: 1. Watch Arafat call for jihad (in Arabic). 2. Watch his reaction when a daring reporter questions his training of young children in the art of war against Israel. 3. Watch the indoctrination of young children and girls into martyrdom for his cause. 4. Watch victims of Arafat's terrorism deal with their pain and suffering. Rehov was born into a Jewish family in Algeria where his ancestors had lived for nearly 500 years. He came to France in 1961 with 250,000 Jewish refugees who were expelled from the territory after it came under Muslim rule. At school in Algeria, his classmates called him a "dirty Jew" and other kids praised Adolf Hitler. As a child, he witnessed two terror attacks by Muslim extremists rebelling against French rule. In one, he saw people exiting a cafe drenched in blood and without limbs. Another took place at his school where 11 classmates were killed. At 9 years old, Rehov, his mother, and younger brother left Algeria to join his father, already in France. Although his documentaries are authoritative and powerful, so far French television channels have refused to air any of them. But Rehov has found an ingenious method of distribution, taking advantage of France’s freedom of expression laws, which require newsstands to carry publications regardless of their point of view. He created a political magazine called Contre Champs and attached a video of his documentary to each magazine, selling 50,000 copies with the first two issues. Rehov has been a movie producer, novelist, journalist and lawyer. But in producing documentaries that tell the truth about the Middle East– however controversial or dangerous – Rehov has found his calling.

 Well...it seems as if the Philippines are caving in. Strike another one for the terrorists. This ONLY EMBOLDENS them to do it again. It's like when a small child keeps crying and the parent pays attention to them. The child will keep doing that so it will get attention. Psychology 101. This a terrible thing to happen. I feel bad for this guy, I really do. But, when you cave into these kind of thugs, these terrorists you run the risk of it happening again and again and again and again... BAGHDAD, Iraq — The Philippines (search) said Wednesday it had withdrawn some of its peacekeepers from Iraq and was coordinating a pullout, apparent efforts to meet the demand of kidnappers threatening to kill a captive Filipino truck driver. A full withdrawal before its scheduled departure date by one of Washington's biggest backers in the war on terror would be a major blow to the unity of U.S.-led coalition in Iraq (search). The announcement came hours after militants in Iraq said they had killed a captive Bulgarian truck driver and threatened to put another hostage to death in 24 hours, Al-Jazeera television reported Wednesday. Taking aim at hostage takers as well as insurgents and common criminals, Iraq's new government earlier launched a major sweep in Baghdad, with police arresting 527 suspects. "The Foreign Affairs Ministry is coordinating the pullout of the humanitarian contingent with the Ministry of National Defense," a Philippines government statement said. "As of today, our head count is down from 51 to 43." The government has been vague on many of its comments on the kidnapping and it wasn't immediately clear if the statement meant the such a withdrawal had already begun or if it would include all its troops. I don't think they realize what they are doing. This shows the terrorists that our resolve is breakable. This is the worst thing to happen yet. Since, the terrorists can't win against us, they are trying to go around the table and take away our allies from us. (i.e - Spain, El Salvador, the Philippines) Andrew B.

 I know this one is going to make you cry and say "Why can't (sniffle sniffle) they just like us (sniffle)?" José Manuel Barroso, the outgoing Portuguese prime minister who has been nominated as president of the European Commission, on Tuesday criticised the US for its occasional "arrogance" and sought to distance himself from some of his recent domestic policies by underlining his social and environmental credentials. Questioned on Portugal's involvement in the US-led war coalition in Iraq, on the first day of hearings before the European parliament, Mr Barroso said that, while he was a long-standing admirer of the US, he also hated what he described as American "arrogance" and "unilateralism". He added: "I think there are magnificent things that exist in the US as well as some fairly horrific things." While he would not be drawn, for example, into taking sides on the contentious issue of providing European passenger name records to Washington, he said he would fight for reciprocity in this kind of agreement and ensure the EU was not considered "second-class" in international negotiations. Mr Barroso said he would run the Commission as a politician rather than a technocrat, but also as a "reformist of the centre" able to bridge the gap between Europe's different political families and between Brussels and often apathetic or sceptical voters across the continent. In particular, Mr Barroso offered an olive branch to Socialist members of the parliament by insisting that "in my scale of values, social policy comes way above economics". He added: "It will not be acceptable, as we push for more competitiveness, to change the social spirit of Europe." He also sought to appease concerns among MEPs that, having emerged last month as a last-minute consensus candidate for the Commission presidency, he might be more willing to accommodate the views of powerful member states than the concerns of MEPs. He said: "We need a strong, credible and independent Commission. The only way to say sometimes No to member states is to have the strong backing of the European parliament." Mr Barroso yesterday also rejected calls for sharp cuts in the proposed European Union budget, as advocated by the six biggest net contributors. Following the EU's enlargement to 25 member states, he said cuts would send the wrong signal to the 10 newcomers. Like I give a shit what this guy thinks...blah blah blah blah...meanwhile we're changing history and you're just sitting there looking 3rd worldish. Hey Barroso, guess what there are 3 types of people in this world. People that do nothing (like you and your ilk), I call them quitters. Then there are the campers. Campers are the type of people that get a certain level and just stay there there whole lives, countries like Switzerland and other "neutral countries", that never progress further than what they have been. Lastly, there are climbers. Climbers are countries that excel and are really pushing the limits of humanity. Countries like America, Japan, India, Australia, England, etc...These countries are trying to do something differenet than just the status quo. They are trying to make their countries better for their citizens and for life in general. So Mr. Barroso, do me a favor and FUCK OFF. Thank you. Andrew B.

 by Bruce Hoffman We know we're killing a lot, capturing a lot, collecting arms," Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld reportedly told a meeting of defense analysts and retired officers at the Pentagon last year, commenting on U.S. attempts to thwart the growing insurgency in Iraq. "We just don't know yet whether that's the same as winning." Rumsfeld's remark encapsulates the confusion and frustration that have plagued U.S. counterinsurgency efforts around the world for more than half a century—most notably in Vietnam, El Salvador, and now Iraq. The United States is not alone, however. It is the latest victim of a problem that has long afflicted the world's governments and militaries when they are confronted with insurgencies: namely, a striking inability to absorb and apply the lessons learned in previous counterinsurgency campaigns. Guerrilla groups and terrorist organizations, on the other hand, learn lessons very well. They study their own mistakes and the successful operations of their enemies, and they adapt nimbly. The past year in Iraq has been a case in point: insurgents have moved from sporadic, relatively unsophisticated roadside bomb attacks to more coordinated, even synchronized attacks, with brutally successful results: growing numbers of coalition soldiers and Iraqi civilians are dying; security in much of the country remains fragile or elusive; Iraqi resentment of the United States is increasing; and international political support for the American occupation, never exactly formidable to begin with, is withering. By many measures the insurgents are succeeding and we are failing. Regardless of the ultimate outcome in Iraq, in the decades ahead the United States is likely to be drawn into other military occupations and nation-building efforts; America's superpower status and the ongoing war on terrorism make this prospect almost inevitable. To a very important degree our ability to carry out such jobs effectively will depend on an approach to counterinsurgency that makes intelligent use of the lessons that countries around the world have confronted repeatedly throughout history. At root those lessons are basic: First, always remember that the struggle is not primarily military but political, social, economic, and ideological. Second, learn to recognize the signs of a budding insurgency, and never let it develop momentum. Third, study and understand the enemy in advance. And fourth, put a strong emphasis on gathering up-to-the-minute local intelligence. -- It is very strange that this kind of warfare is happening in reguards to the "Insurgency". Would one consider this type of attacking primitive or just evolutionary considering they (the terrorists) are fighting the most advanced military ever in the history of man kind. They have no choice but to fight this way. If they put on uniforms and tried to fight like a regular army, they would get crush in 2 seconds flat. In their minds they have a better chance at winning, whatever that means, with a guerilla type insurgency. Create enough chaos and destruction and the Americans will run out of money or just give up or local Iraqis will get sick of Americans. Doesn't matter the end scenaio with these people (If you want to call them that), they just want Sharia Law installed and everyone to be Muslim. That's it. If your a Jew, well then off with your head. If your a Christian, well, off with your head. If you are a Muslim that collaborated with new government...off with your head. See you can't negotiate with this kind of person (again I use that term VERY loosely). The only real way to defeat these morons is to keep doing what we are doing. Train local Iraqis to find and kill these terrorists. Change the educational system so that young children have hope and a bright future. Having something to look forward to is very important. Create the conditions for a better economy so that the average Moe (short for Mohammad) can earn something and invest in his family's future. Make sure all neccesities of life are working and in place, such as: protection, water, food, electricity, a/c (if possible), etc... Andrew B.

 This should come as no surprise to anyone... Tim Priest Category: Society I BELIEVE that the rise of Middle Eastern organised crime in Sydney will have an impact on society unlike anything we have ever seen. In the early 1980s, as a young detective I was attached to the Drug Squad at the old CIB. I remember executing a search warrant at Croydon, where we found nearly a pound of heroin. I know that now sounds very familiar; however, what set this heroin apart was that it was Beaker Valley Heroin, markedly different from any heroin I had seen. Number Four heroin from the golden triangle of South-East Asia is nearly always off-white, almost pure diamorphine. This heroin was almost brown. But more remarkable were the occupants of the house. They were very recent arrivals from Lebanon, and from the moment we entered the premises, we wrestled and fought with the male occupants, were abused and spat at by the women and children, and our search took five times longer because of the impediments placed before us by the occupants, including the women hiding heroin in baby nappies and on themselves and refusing to be searched by policewomen because of religious beliefs. We had never encountered these problems before. As was the case in those days, we arrested every adult and teenager who had hampered our search. When it came to court, they were represented by Legal Aid, of course, who claimed that these people were innocent of the minor charges of public disorder and hindering police, because they were recent arrivals from a country where people have an historical hatred towards police, and that they also had poor communications skills and that the police had not executed the warrant in a manner that was acceptable to the Muslim occupants. Read the rest at the website...very interesting Andrew B.

 TEHRAN, Iran - Iran's supreme leader on Tuesday accused U.S. and Israeli agents, not Muslims, of responsibility for the wave of beheadings and kidnappings in Iraq (news - web sites), the official Islamic Republic News Agency reported. Ayatollah Ali Khamenei also described terrorism as a "loathsome, horrible" and said fighting it was "of great importance." In comments made during a meeting with visiting Singaporean Prime Minister of Singapore Goh Chok Tong, Khamenei said: "We seriously suspect the agents of the Americans and Israelis in conducting such horrendous terrorist acts and cannot believe the people who kidnap Philippines nationals, for instance, or behead U.S. nationals are Muslims." The state-run agency, which carried Khamenei's comments, did not elaborate on his remarks. Iraqi-based insurgents snatched Filipino truck driver Angelo dela Cruz last Wednesday in one of the latest kidnappings by militants involved in the continuing violence in Iraq. Insurgents had said they would kill dela Cruz, 46, by Monday evening if the Philippines did not agree to pull its 51-member peacekeeping force by July 20. The government on Monday restated that its troop commitment ended Aug. 20. Tuesday there was no word of what had happened to dela Cruz. Numerous Islamic militant groups have claimed responsibility for similar operations in the country, including the beheadings of an American and a South Korean. -- I love this quote in particular... Iran's supreme leader on Tuesday accused U.S. and Israeli agents , not Muslims, of responsibility for the wave of beheadings and kidnappings in Iraq Yeah like Jews and Christians have such a modern history of beheading in Western countries. Who the (pardon my FRENCH) fuck do these jerks think they are? I mean really...they have the audacity to say something like that? These are the same people that fire at people with real bullets protesting in the streets...and throwing people in jail for years and years with NO trial. Yeah that sounds like a NORMAL society. Andrew B.

 By RAVI NESSMAN, Associated Press Writer BAGHDAD, Iraq - Militants said they killed a captive Bulgarian truck driver and threatened to put another hostage to death in 24 hours, Al-Jazeera television reported Wednesday. Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi's Tawhid and Jihad group said last week it would kill the two truck drivers if the United States did not release all Iraqi detainees by Saturday. In a video broadcast on Al-Jazeera, the group said it had carried out its threat against one of the men and would kill the other in 24 hours. Three men dressed in black with their faces covered by black masks stood over one of the hostages, identified by reporters as Georgi Lazov, 30. He knelt in front of them, wearing the same bright orange garment that other hostages wore before they were slain. The announcer said the video showed the hostage's killing. But Jihad Ballout, spokesman for Al-Jazeera, said the station had decided not to broadcast the graphic sections of the video. He declined to say how the killing was carried out. -- I hope Bulgaria gets mad and put more troops in to be spiteful to these terrorists. This man's death, is yet another reminder of how we need to vigilant. Our resolve must be strong. If terrorists can win this way, just think about the next level of their perversion would look like. How low could they stoop. Think the worst thing in your head and then think lower...that's how low. Disgusting. Andrew B.

 PARIS (AFP) - A French woman who claimed last week she had been the victim of a vicious anti-Semitic attack admitted to police that she had made up the entire incident, and was detained for falsely reporting a crime. After being questioned for a second time by investigators about the alleged incident on July 9, which shocked France and shed a negative light on government efforts to stamp out anti-Semitism, the woman admitted she had lied. The 23-year-old had initially told police that a gang of six youths had accosted her on a suburban train outside Paris, slashing her clothes and drawing swastikas on her stomach after mistaking her for a Jew. "The first declarations of the young woman reveal that her accusations were lies and that she had been making it all up," the public prosecutor's office said in a statement. The woman admitted to "having made knife cut marks on herself, cut off a lock of her own hair and drawn swastikas on her body," it said. Doubts had mounted Tuesday over her claim after no one came forward to corroborate the story, despite the fact that she said some 20 people had witnessed the alleged incident. She changed her story Tuesday, too, to say that she and her 13-month-old child had been assaulted outside the train, but finally admitted that she had totally invented the attack, police said. The woman has been placed in preventive detention for falsely reporting a crime, state prosecutor Xavier Salvat told AFP. She could face up to six months in prison and a 7,500-euro (9,200-dollar) fine if tried and convicted. -- Oh I can here the conspiracy theorists talking now. It was all a Zionist conspiracy to smear Arabs and Muslims. Can you feel the love? All I know is that this lady, if this is found out to be false, is a complete looney. She should be put into an asylum for crazy people. Anyone that makes up a story like that is really messed up in the head. She should be ashamed of herself for doing something like that. Not only is it bad for Arabs in that country, but it is VERY bad PR for Jews in that country. All the wackos are going to come out now saying that this whole thing was a Jewish conspiracy or something like that...you know it. Andrew B.

 BAGHDAD, Iraq - The head of the Iraqi Olympic committee said Tuesday militants had ambushed his convoy with rocket- propelled grenades in the middle of Baghdad, damaging his bodyguards' car and injuring one of them. Ahmed al-Hijeya said he was traveling to a television interview Monday when his two-car convoy was ambushed on Baghdad's Haifa Street, the scene of regular violence and occasional street battles between insurgents and U.S. and Iraqi forces. "I am surprised at this attack because the Olympic Committee has nothing to do with politics. This committee belongs to all Iraqis, regardless of their political, religious or ethnic origins," al-Hijeya said. Iraq (news - web sites) has only modest goals for next month's Olympics in Athens, hoping to place respectably in weightlifting and soccer. -- What is wrong with these guys...

 By ABDULLAH AL-SHIHRI, Associated Press Writer RIYADH, Saudi Arabia - A wanted al-Qaida militant said to have fought alongside Osama bin Laden (news - web sites) in Afghanistan (news - web sites) turned himself in to Saudi diplomats in Iran and was flown to the kingdom Tuesday, the most prominent figure to surrender under an amnesty, the Interior Ministry said. The militant was identified as Khaled bin Ouda bin Mohammed al-Harby, also known as Abu Suleiman al-Makky. Speaking on the condition of anonymity, a U.S. counterterrorism official said that al-Harby, a crippled sheik, was seen on a video after Sept. 11, seated with bin Laden at a dinner where the he talked about the attack. Al-Harby is considered a confident and sounding board of bin Laden's, as opposed to an operational planner. In a videotape released after the Sept. 11 terror attacks, bin Laden was shown talking about the planning of the attacks with al-Harby, according to the Arab TV channel Al-Arabiya. Al-Harby was believed to have lost his legs fighting in Afghanistan. There was no immediate confirmation by Saudi officials. Al-Harby, who fought with bin Laden against the Russians in Afghanistan about 20 years ago, was shown on state television being carried off a Saudi Airlines plane after arriving in Riyadh. He was pushed in wheelchair through their airport, and was wearing traditional white robes and Arab headdress. In a statement, the Interior Ministry said al-Harby contacted the Saudi Embassy in Tehran from the Iranian-Afghan border, where he was stranded. It was not disclosed what al-Harby was wanted for, and his name does not appear on the list of the kingdom's 26 most-wanted militants. "Thank God, thank God ... I called the embassy and we were very well-received," al-Harby told Saudi TV in the airport terminal. "I have come obeying God, and obeying the (kingdom's) rulers." He is the third man to take advantage of the amnesty that King Fahd offered militants on June 23. The amnesty, lasts for one month, promises to spare the lives of those militants who surrender. The two militants who have already surrendered in response to the amnesty include Othman Hadi Al Maqboul al-Amri, No. 21 on the most-wanted list. Al-Harby described the amnesty as a "generous offer" and urged other militants to take advantage of it. He was accompanied by his wife dressed in black and a teenage boy, whom a Saudi security official identified as his wife and son. The ministry said al-Harby will be taken to hospital for health care. It did not elaborate on his condition. Separately Tuesday, Interior Minister Prince Nayef acknowledged for the first time Tuesday that Saudis had infiltrated neighboring Iraq (news - web sites) to fight U.S.-led forces. "Surely, there are Saudis," Nayef told reporters late Monday of the foreign fighters detained in Iraq. "But the number, and how (they got in to Iraq) is not available to us now." The prince's announcement came after repeated denials of Iraqi reports that that Saudis are fighting in the insurgency. Iraq's Human Rights Minister Bakhtiyar Amin said Monday there were 14 Saudis among 99 foreign fighters in detention. Also, Saudi newspapers have published obituaries and funeral reports for at least four Saudis said to have died fighting in Iraq. Nayef said hundreds of other militants have been detained and some have already been convicted in court. He did not provide exact numbers, but he said more trials were coming. Nayef warned there would be no extension to the amnesty that expires July 23, and declared that the kingdom's fight against terror is not over. Since May 2003, the country has suffered a series of suicide bombings, gunbattles and kidnappings that tended to target foreign workers. The attacks have been blamed on al-Qaida and its sympathizers. "There are still things we have to deal with, and we should not be surprised if anything happens," Nayef said. "We are totally prepared to face any emergency." In Washington, State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said the Bush administration has been pressing for better border control. "We've worked for a long time with all the neighbors of Iraq to try to get better control at the borders," he said. Iraq is expected to raise the subject of infiltration at a gathering of foreign ministers of neighboring states that will be held July 21 in Cairo, Egypt. Besides the Saudis, Iraq has said it has in custody 26 Syrians, 14 Iranians, 12 Egyptians, nine Sudanese, five Palestinians, five Yemenis, five Jordanians, five Tunisians, a Lebanese, a Moroccan, a Turk and an Afghan. On Tuesday, a prince published a poetic tribute to the amnesty, praising King Fahd for giving militants a chance to return the fold so the "enemies of Islam" would not triumph. "The amnesty of the Fahd of the Arabs is a medal for those who have repented," says the poem, which was published across a whole page of the pan-Arab newspaper Asharq al-Awsat. It was illustrated with pictures of the king, the Kaaba shrine in Mecca, Saudi soldiers, and the poet himself, Abdel Aziz bin Saud bin Mohammed Al Saud. -- I wonder if he is going to be beheaded...hmmmmmm probably not. All of a sudden they found human rights...let me guess. Oh and let predict that this is let go for his crimes against humanity. Clean slate for all al-Qaeda members. Al-Qaeda, means boy scouts in Arabic now. Andrew B.

 By MARGARET WERTHEIM Correction Appended In a dusty valley in southern Lebanon, "Sgt. John Smith" of the Special Forces scans the scene in front of him. Ahead is a village known as Talle. His immediate mission: to find out who the local headman is and make his way to that house. All discussions with the villagers will have to be conducted in Arabic, and Sergeant Smith must comport himself with the utmost awareness of local customs so as not to arouse hostility. If successful, he will be paving the way for the rest of his unit to begin reconstruction work in the village. Sergeant Smith is not a real soldier, but the leading character in a video game being developed at the University of Southern California's School of Engineering as a tool for teaching soldiers to speak Arabic. Both the game's environment and the characters who populate it have a high degree of realism, in an effort to simulate the kinds of situations troops will face in the Middle East. Talle is modeled on an actual Lebanese village, while the game's characters are driven by artificial-intelligence software that enables them to behave autonomously and react realistically to Sergeant Smith. The Tactical Language Project, as it is called, is being developed at U.S.C.'s Center for Research in Technology for Education, in cooperation with the Special Operations Command. From July 12 to 16, real Special Forces soldiers at Fort Bragg in North Carolina will test the game and put Sergeant Smith through his paces. The user plays Sergeant Smith, while the other characters are virtual constructs. Using a laptop, the user speaks for the sergeant, in Arabic, through a microphone headset and controls the character's actions by typing keyboard instructions. The project is part of a major initiative, financed by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or Darpa, to explore new ways of training troops by making use of the large installed base of existing technology, especially laptops. "I'd like to be able to send something like this to every soldier stationed in a foreign country," said Dr. Ralph Chatham, the Darpa project manager. The philosophy is to deliver what Dr. Chatham calls "tactical language," linguistic skills sufficient to the task at hand. Dr. Lewis Johnson, the director of the Center for Research in Technology for Education, or Carte, said, "The basic assumption is that there's certain situations you need to face - such as establishing a rapport with the people you meet and finding out where the headman lives - and how do you cope effectively with those situations." The agency hopes the training will enable soldiers to navigate more easily and safely through the Arab world. In its current version, the game teaches Lebanese Arabic. The U.S.C. team is also working on an Iraqi Arabic version. Darpa hopes to have at least some preliminary version to the military by the fall, Dr. Chatham said. Dr. Johnson, a linguist and an artificial intelligence expert, noted that for English speakers, Arabic is a relatively difficult language, containing sounds that they find hard to distinguish. Moreover, Arabic dialects differ considerably by region. "People who are taught literary Arabic typically have a lot of difficulty on the street," he said. --I need this game. My skills need some work. Andrew B.

 I found this website and I just had to link it here. I found it really interesting to say the least. Our Mission We believe that Islamic society has been held back by an unwillingness to subject its beliefs, laws and practices to critical examination, by a lack of respect for the rights of the individual, and by an unwillingness to tolerate alternative viewpoints or to engage in constructive dialogue. The Institute for the Secularisation of Islamic Society (ISIS) has been formed to promote the ideas of rationalism, secularism, democracy and human rights within Islamic society. ISIS promotes freedom of expression, freedom of thought and belief, freedom of intellectual and scientific inquiry, freedom of conscience and religion – including the freedom to change one’s religion or belief - and freedom from religion: the freedom not to believe in any deity. Visit the website if you have the chance and check it out. Andrew B.

 Children as young as 10 are being recruited to fight for the Palestinian cause. Sky News has gained access to a young people's camp in Gaza, where the only lesson taught is how to kill Israelis. Sky's Middle East Correspondent Emma Hurd said the camp, at an undisclosed location, had been set up to drill children in the ways of war. The recruits, some of whom are dwarfed by their AK-47 assault rifles, are taught how to carry out ambushes. They are also made to do an obstacle course, crawling under barbed wire and leaping through hoops of fire while their instructors fire live bullets overhead. Hurd witnessed one training session in which a militant, dressed as a Jewish settler complete with yarmulke skull cap, was ambushed in his car.Gunmen pulled the "settler" from his vehicle and Hurd was told if this had been real he would have been killed. She spoke to two 10-year-old recruits. One of them, Mustafa, said he wanted to shoot down Israeli aircraft and blow up tanks. The camp is run by a group called the Popular Resistance Committee, which said the next generation of Palestinians needed to know how to fight the Israeli "occupation". The boys even "graduate" at the end of their training, receiving a certificate from the camp commander. -- This is disgusting, yet the world wants Israel to break down the wall and fence keeping these animals out. Andrew B.

 This should be a shock to all of you... RIYADH, Saudi Arabia - Saudi Interior Minister Prince Nayef has acknowledged for the first time that Saudi militants may have gone to neighboring Iraq (news - web sites) to fight against the U.S.-led occupation force. Previously, Saudi officials have vehemently denied fighters were leaving the oil-rich desert kingdom and close U.S. ally to fight in Iraq. "Surely, there are Saudis (in Iraq)," the prince told reporters late Monday. "But the number, and how (they got in to Iraq) is not available to us now." Hundreds of such militants, the minister said, are detained in Saudi custody and some have been tried and convicted. He did not say how many were arrested or provide a number for those convicted, but Prince Nayef said more trials would be held. Iraqi officials have repeatedly said Saudis were involved in the fighting in Iraq. On Monday, Iraq's Human Rights Minister Bakhtiyar Amin said the government had 99 foreign fighters in detention, including 14 Saudis. Prince Nayef said the Saudi government has not been officially notified of the detention of any Saudis in Iraq. Saudi newspapers have published obituaries and news of funerals held by Saudi families for at least four Saudis said to have died fighting the U.S.-led occupation in Iraq. I am just shocked to my core. Andrew B.

 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi police seized more than 500 criminal suspects in raids in Baghdad Tuesday, an Interior Ministry source said. "Till now the police have arrested 527 people in Rusafa," the source said, referring to a swathe of Baghdad on the east bank of the Tigris river. He said the raids had begun in the early hours and were still under way. "The number (of detainees) is more than we expected," he told Reuters, adding that those held included suspected drug dealers and weapons traders. He said the raids would continue in the Rusafa area, and would be expanded to other areas of the capital. "Organized crime is present in many areas, and we have to end it," the source said. In the 15 months since the U.S.-led war that toppled Saddam Hussein (news - web sites), there has been widespread lawlessness in Baghdad and throughout the country. The former Iraqi president released all common criminals as part of an amnesty in October 2002, a move that many say has contributed to a surge in crime. The recently appointed interim government has pledged to crack down on criminal activity, particularly kidnapping and other crimes that could be used to help fund an insurgency. Iraq (news - web sites) launched a national security law last week under which the government can impose emergency law on specific areas of the country, but has yet to make such a move. -- Get them all!!! Andrew B.

 Succinct. Nothing more needs to be said. Andrew B.

 Posted: July 13, 2004 1:00 a.m. Eastern By Aaron Klein © 2004 WorldNetDaily.com Palestinian terrorist group Hamas is manufacturing a new kind of rocket in hopes of switching tactics from suicide bombings to firing missiles deep inside Israel after Prime Minister Ariel Sharon completes a withdrawal from Gaza. The new rocket, named Nasser 3, is the most powerful and furthest reaching rocket produced yet in the Palestinian territories. The rocket carries a five-kilogram warhead to a range of 9 kilometers and has a standard explosive warhead combined with metal fragments and a standard fuse. Previously, the Palestinians had been using Qassam 2 rockets, which used improvised fuses and warheads that didn't always explode upon impact. The Nasser 3 is built to guarantee an explosion. Since November 2001, some 350 Qassam rockets have been fired from Gaza at targets within the Green Line, causing few casualties and minor damage. Israeli officially initially dismissed Palestinian rocket firing as largely ineffective, though it was recognized that the rockets had the potential to become a more significant threat. "The Nasser 3 brings things to a whole new level of warfare," a security source told WND. "Hamas knows they can't get inside Israel because of the security fence, and they are setting the stages for a major shift in tactics from suicide bombings to firing effective rockets from Palestinian areas deep inside Israel." -- Somehow I really don't think the "Palestinians" have the know how to really produce such weapons. The terrorists, thank g-d aren't too intelligent. Andrew B.

 Posted: July 13, 2004 1:00 a.m. Eastern © 2004 WorldNetDaily.com The state of Arkansas unknowingly helped the al-Qaida terrorist network distribute propaganda promoting violence against the United States. Laura Mansfield, associate director of the Northeast Intelligence Network, first noticed the postings yesterday while monitoring a forum on an Arabic-language Internet bulletin board frequented by al- Qaida sympathizers. The Ansar forum received notoriety for releasing the video of the beheading of American citizen Nicholas Berg in Iraq. From July 9 to mid-morning yesterday, a self-proclaimed U.S.-based al-Qaida sympathizer known as "Irhabi 007," or Terrorist 007, listed a large number of video and audio files for download by fellow sympathizers, Mansfield reported to WorldNetDaily. -- Oh yeah...I feel safe now. Andrew B.

 HONG KONG, July 12, 2004—A group of 23 petitioners from the northeastern Chinese province of Heilongjiang climbed a building outside the country's Supreme Court in Beijing on Monday in an apparent mass suicide bid over unresolved grievances, Radio Free Asia (RFA) reports. The 23 petitioners, some of whom were miners from China's rust-belt, climbed to the top of a building just 20 meters from the Supreme Court at 2 p.m. local time and threatened to jump, triggering a five-hour standoff with police and emergency services. Below them was a crowd of several thousand petitioners, who waved banners and shouted in sympathy, eyewitnesses told RFA’s Mandarin service. "There are several thousand petitioners around the sides of the building, carrying banners, shouting slogans and crying and wailing," fellow petitioner Zhang Chaoxin told RFA from the scene. "There are men and women, some are local residents from Beijing. And on top of the building as well, they are holding their petition documents and wailing," Zhang said, against a background of eerie shrieks and wails from the crowd. "Most of them are petitioners, because this is where all the petitioners come," said Zhang, who traveled more than 1,000 miles from his hometown in the southern province of Guangdong to make his petition. "It's a highly emotional scene, but it's not out of hand." He said police and rescue services had placed large safety cushions at the foot of the building to prevent any deaths should the protesters jump. -- Talk about a funny thing that happened on the way to the forum...(wild eh?) Andrew B.

 By Joel Mowbray FrontPageMagazine.com | July 13, 2004 In the latest fit of diplomatic moral equivalence, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) last week visited Israel, attempting to persuade the Jewish state to declare formally its nuclear capability—eventually leading to a supposedly nuclear arms-free Middle East. Under utopian scenarios, perhaps Israel’s unilateral disarmament could lead to lasting Middle East peace. But not when the Iranian mullahs—themselves a nuclear power or soon-to-be one—pledge “Death to Israel” and when even one of the two Arab governments officially to recognize Israel, Egypt, openly foments rabid anti-Semitism. Of course from Israel’s vantage point—knowing that almost the entire Arab world prefers its annihilation, and the rest probably wouldn’t mind it—the only answer would seem to be maintaining the status quo. Being the dominant nuclear power in the region is a powerful deterrent, not to mention a display of strength that engenders respect, though not affection, from neighboring states. But what does Israel do as its enemies go nuclear? After all, the nature of nukes is such that a country doesn’t need to catch up to Israel in order to be a threat. -- It is ironic that the Israelis are supposed to just give up their nukes, while in front of the world stage Iran pledges the destruction of Israel. I really think the world has gone BIZARRO. Up is down. Down is up. Right is left. Left is right. BIZARRO. BIZARRO. BIZARRO. It's like no one has any common sense anymore. It's really pathetic. Andrew B.

 By YURI BAGROV, Associated Press Writer VLADIKAVKAZ, Russia - Chechnya (news - web sites)'s acting president escaped injury Tuesday when an explosion hit his motorcade, but one person was killed and three were wounded, officials and news reports said. Sergei Abramov took over administration of the violence-plagued region when the president was assassinated in May. The Interfax news agency said the dead victim was one of Abramov's bodyguards and that one vehicle in the column of cars was damaged. A Chechen official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the victims were not traveling in Abramov's car. The Chechen official said one person was killed and three were wounded in the blast. Interfax and the ITAR-Tass news agency reported one dead and two injured. Abramov aide Igor Tarasov told Interfax the explosion occurred as the motorcade was traveling through Grozny's violent Lenin district. -- Russia should just go in there and get all these terrorists once and for all. Take off the gloves already. Andrew B.

 By Belinda Goldsmith CANBERRA (Reuters) - Australia, a staunch U.S. ally, is boosting the number of its troops in Iraq (news - web sites) to better protect Australian diplomats and personnel training the Iraqi military, a minister said on Tuesday. The move was also a show of support for the U.S.-led coalition in Iraq as some countries start to withdraw troops because of continuing violence and a series of kidnappings and executions of hostages. Defense Minister Robert Hill said Australia was doubling its light armored vehicles in Iraq to 12 and sending 30 extra army personnel, bringing the Australian security detachment to 120 and total number of Australians on duty in and around Iraq to 880. "The threat from (explosive devices) is greater than it was some months ago," Hill told reporters on Tuesday. "Our commitment is to remain there until the job is done but it is a dangerous environment for both military forces and for officials. We believe we have a responsibility to do everything possible to protect Australians in that environment." -- Australia kicks ass! It's good to have such friends in the world. Andrew B.

 By EDITH M. LEDERER, Associated Press Writer UNITED NATIONS - The Palestinians challenged Israel on Monday to accept the world court's ruling and destroy the barrier it is building to seal off the West Bank, warning that failure to do so will lead to "practical measures" against its construction. Nasser Al-Kidwa, the Palestinian U.N. observer, said he wouldn't specify the measures the Palestinians will seek against the barrier. Following Friday's opinion by the International Court of Justice, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon (news - web sites) on Sunday ordered construction of the barrier to continue and vowed "to fight using all diplomatic and legal means" against the court's decision. -- What exactly are "practical measures" ? Is that throwing bombs over the wall? Is that throwings a baby with a bomb strapped to it over the wall? Is it digging a tunnel underneath it and placing bombs there to blow it up? Or does it mean attacking or killing by means of homicide bombing the people building the wall? I am struggling to figure out these "practical measures" . I am assuming that is some sort of threat because it was in response to Sharon's speech the other day. Will someone please define "practical measures" to me? Andrew B.

 By DANICA KIRKA, Associated Press Writer BAGHDAD, Iraq - Kurdish security forces have captured 15 militants in northern Iraq (news - web sites), including one man believed to be a senior leader of a local al-Qaida-linked group, an official in a pro-American Kurdish party said Tuesday. Among those arrested late Monday evening was a man identified as Hemen Banishiri, reportedly the second-in-command for the radical Kurdish group, Ansar al-Islam, said Saadi Ahmed, a senior member of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan's political wing. The arrests took place in the oil-rich northern city of Kirkuk and several other towns, Ahmed said. Although Ahmed said U.S. forces participated in the arrests, confirmation from the American military was not immediately available. The PUK and another main Kurdish party, the Kurdistan Democratic Party each has a separate government, based in Sulaimaniyah and Irbil, but are jointly represented in the parliament. Each group has its own security apparatus, which has the power to make arrests and detain suspects. -- These Kurds are some of the toughest mofo's out there. I wish them the best of luck with their new found freedom. I wish the new government would change the flag to this. A much better representation of freedom than the existing flag.

 Archbishop attacks new government over religion Giles Tremlett in Madrid Wednesday July 7, 2004 The Guardian Spain's leading archbishop, Cardinal Antonio María Rouco, yesterday denounced the new socialist government, saying its policies were taking the country back to medieval times, when Muslim invaders swept across the Straits of Gibraltar. His comments came after the government's decision to cancel the reintroduction of compulsory religious classes and to find ways of financing other faiths, including Islam, with public money. "Some people wish to place us in the year 711," Cardinal Rouco said. "It seems as if we are meant to wipe ourselves out of history." The Catholic church is coming to terms with a sudden and dramatic dwindling of its power following the socialists' victory, in March, over the conservative, pro-Catholic People's party of the former prime minister José María Aznar. Mr Aznar's government had planned to make religion a compulsory exam subject. But the socialists have already announced that the law reintroducing compulsory religion lessons, a feature of the Franco dictatorship, will be scrapped. Cardinal Rouco also expressed concern that, as Spain begins to debate rewriting its 1978 constitution, references to the Catholic church, with which the state is obliged to "maintain relations of cooperation", could be diluted. --I love how they try to insinuate that Aznar was like Franco. But the socialists have already announced that the law reintroducing compulsory religion lessons, a feature of the Franco dictatorship , will be scrapped. Bias is an amazing thing...and the Guardian is full of it. Andrew B.

 DUBAI (Reuters) - The Philippines will withdraw its forces from Iraq (news - web sites) "as soon as possible," Philippine Deputy Foreign Minister Rafael Seguis said Monday in a statement he read out on al Jazeera television. "In response to your request, the Philippines ... will withdraw its humanitarian forces as soon as possible," Seguis said according to al Jazeera's Arabic translation of his remarks. His statement was addressed to a group calling itself the Islamic Army in Iraq, which is holding a Filipino driver hostage and has threatened to kill him unless Manila agrees to withdraw its troops by July 20. "I hope the statement that I read will touch the heart of this group," Seguis told the satellite television from Baghdad. He declined to give an exact date for the withdrawal, which Manila had insisted would take place by August 20 as earlier scheduled. Seguis appealed to the group to release their hostage, truck driver Angelo de la Cruz, and added: "We know that Islam is the religion of peace and mercy." Al Jazeera said earlier the group extended by 24 hours to Monday night its deadline for killing de la Cruz, which had expired at 11 p.m. Iraqi time (3 p.m. EDT) Sunday. -- The Media is playing into the notion that the Philippines are going to cave into the terrorist's demands. The terrorists want the coalition to fragment and become weak. They misunderstand our resolve. They misunderstand our purpose. They misunderstand the power of freedom. Andrew B.

 FRANKFURT (Reuters) - German police have seized computers and documents at a mosque in Frankfurt suspected of showing children films containing gruesome images of conflict, prosecutors said on Monday. The prosecutors in the western German city said they searched the mosque on Sunday after a schoolteacher reported that a nine-year-old pupil described seeing violent footage during religious instruction at the mosque. However, the Moroccan cultural association that runs a centre including the mosque denied it hosted any extremist activity. "We know the people who teach here. They aren't radical," the association's deputy chairman Ahmed Ayaou said. Showing violent and gruesome scenes can be punishable under German law, particularly if the audience are minors, and a conviction can result in a jail term of up to one year, a spokeswoman for prosecutors said. The prosecutors said that a team of around 120 police found a videotape in which men called for holy war and pledged to sacrifice themselves. The authorities also seized 19 computers, papers, videos and CDs. They said it would take some time to decide whether to press charges because they would first need to examine the information, much of which was in Arabic. -- You think it was about time??? Andrew B.

 By Gadi Dechter United Press International Washington, DC, Jul. 9 (UPI) -- A leaked draft of the Democratic Party platform and recent statements by John Kerry suggest that a Democratic White House would continue the Bush administration's enthusiastic support for Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon. However, the decidedly circumspect wording of these documents do hint at subtle, but potentially significant, differences in a Kerry administration's likely policy regarding the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Last month, Kerry released a position paper titled, "John Kerry: Strengthening Israel's Security and Bolstering the U.S.-Israel Special Relationship." The paper was designed to assuage concerns of pro-Israel voters still rankled by Kerry's comments during the primaries, in which he harshly criticized the Israeli construction of the barrier in the West Bank. "I know how disheartened Palestinians are by the Israeli government's decision to build a barrier off the 'Green Line,' cutting deeply into Palestinian areas," Kerry told members of the Arab-American Institute in October 2003, a month after he had announced his candidacy. "We do not need another barrier to peace." He went on to say that the barrier was a "provocative and counterproductive measure" that was not in Israel's interest. -- Kerry for Israel is like an oxymoron. Andrew B.

 By Rashaun Hall NEW YORK (Billboard) - Musicians often voice political opinions in their songs, especially during an election year. Most hip-hop acts, however, have remained mum on the current political environment -- until now. Ruff Ryders/Interscope artist Jadakiss -- also a member of rap trio the Lox -- is receiving a lot of attention for his single "Why?" The song questions President Bush (news - web sites)'s involvement in the events of Sept. 11, 2001, with the lyric "Why did Bush knock down the Towers?" The line has prompted some radio stations to edit the song. According to sources at MTV, the "Why?" video arrived at the network without the lyric. For Jadakiss, the song is a way to reach people. "I wanted to make a song that could appeal to a broader -- and not only the hood," he says. "I wanted to make something that would touch people at home in white America. "I was thinking, 'What's the one thing that everyone has in common? Questions.' Everyone asks why, so I decided to write a song asking questions that everyone wants to," he adds. As for the controversial line, the Yonkers, N.Y., rapper's view is unwavering. "I just felt had something to do with that," Jadakiss says, referring to the events of Sept. 11. "That's why I put it in there like that. A lot of my people felt that he had something to do with it." Some programers say they received only the version that omitted the line -- in both the radio edit and the "clean" version. "Actually, the uncensored version of that line is probably my favorite in the whole song," says one program director, who asked to remain anonymous. "Since they can hear us in D.C., and I don't want Secret Service knocking down my door in the middle of the night," the program director adds, "I'll stick to the clean version." -- So would this be considered LIBEL? Can the President sue him or at least arrest this piece of garbage? You can't just say that? There are laws against that. Oh yeah I forgot the 1st ammendment... Andrew B.

 By Aaron Klein © 2004 WorldNetDaily.com Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said yesterday's bus bombing in Tel Aviv, which killed one woman and injured 20 others, was a consequence of the world court's ruling Friday that Israel's security fence is illegal and must be dismantled. "The murderous act this morning is the first that occurred to the credit of the decision of the world court at the Hague," Sharon said. "The decision sends a destructive message to encourage the terror and denounces countries that are defending themselves against it." He called the ruling a "slap in the face" to Israel's fight against Palestinian militants and said his nation "totally rejects the decision." -- I tend to agree that the World Court decision only emboldens these terrorists to continue their rampage of hate, destruction and homicide bombings. Mr. Sharon keep building that wall. Andrew B.

 There are too many names to list all of them here, but check out the site. Andrew B.

 By Erick Stakelbeck FrontPageMagazine.com | July 12, 2004 Last week, Saudi Arabia scored a victory for its recently-announced terrorist amnesty program, as Othman Hadi Al-Maqbul Al-Amri, an Al-Qaeda operative and one of the Kingdom’s most wanted men, gave himself up to Saudi authorities. Although the surrender of Al-Amri, a veteran jihadist who had been on the run for two years, was certainly a positive development, the means by which it was accomplished were extremely dubious. According to reports, Safar Al-Hawali, a radical Saudi cleric with links to Osama bin Laden and several of the 9/11 hijackers, played the role of “mediator” between Al-Amri and Saudi officials. Over the past year, Al-Hawali has also negotiated the surrender of two other high-ranking, Saudi-based Al-Qaeda operatives, Ali Al-Faq’asi and Ali Abdel Rahman Saeed al-Faqaasi al-Ghamdi. That Al-Hawali, a longtime Al-Qaeda supporter who spent five years in a Saudi prison for seeking to overthrow the Royal Family—and who continues to preach the destruction of the United States and Israel—has apparently become a trusted mediator for the Saudi government speaks volumes about the Kingdom’s “war” on terrorism. Al-Hawali’s ties to Al-Qaeda are numerous. When 9/11 hijacker Saeed Al-Ghamdi videotaped his will in 2000, he made sure to give on-camera praise to Al-Hawali. Likewise, phone records for Mounir el-Mottasedeq, a Moroccan convicted in Germany last year of assisting Mohammed Atta and other members of the “Hamburg cell” that planned 9/11, show that, in the months prior to the attacks, he made repeated calls to Al-Hawali’s Riyadh offices. -- Read the rest on the website.

 BRITAIN will deploy teams of intelligence officers and surveillance experts in cities where it is feared that extremists are radicalising Muslim youth, according to The Times. The internal security service, M15, would fan officers out from its London HQ in a bid to snuff out any incipient terrorist threats within urban Muslim communities, the paper said, citing "government sources". It was hoped the scheme would greatly improve co-operation between special police services and counter-espionage officers, it reported. Teams of intelligence officers will be discreetly deployed in several towns in northwest England within the next couple of months, the paper said. "The scale of the terrorist threat is such that MI5 and the police need to be able to work together even more closely, which means that the Security Service must be dispersed in a different way, to be able to respond rapidly to any particular activity," an official told the paper. The Government was also seeking powers to detain suspects longer without charge, a senior legal official said.

 By EDITH M. LEDERER, Associated Press Writer UNITED NATIONS - Secretary-General Kofi Annan (news - web sites) has selected Pakistan's ambassador to Washington for the job of U.N. envoy to Iraq (news - web sites), replacing a top diplomat who was killed in a Baghdad bombing last year. Ashraf Jehangir Qazi, who has served in key posts around the world, was chosen from a short-list of three candidates after extensive consultations, U.N. associate spokeswoman Marie Okabe said. Annan has had difficulty finding someone for the job. He said last month that several candidates initially said "yes" but then called a week later telling him they had to say "no" because their families objected. Annan intends to have Qazi based in Baghdad, but the United Nations (news - web sites) must get "the sufficient security guarantees from both the Iraqis and from the forces on the ground ... before he can be deployed," Okabe said. The other contenders were former Indian Foreign Secretary Salman Haidar and former Thai Foreign Minister Surin Pitsuwan, she said. Like Qazi, they are Muslims. The new U.N. special representative to Iraq will replace top U.N. envoy Sergio Vieira de Mello, who was one of 22 people killed in the Aug. 19, 2003, bombing at U.N. headquarters in Baghdad. -- Well...If Kofi picked him out everything must be perfectly in order. Not like Kofi has a great track record of being on top of things, although he was great during that "Oil for Food" program. Nothing illegal happened under his watch...nahhhhh Andrew B.

 By VICTOR L. SIMPSON, Associated Press Writer ROME - A man who claims to be the mastermind of the Madrid train bombings has been giving eavesdropping Italian investigators new insights into the murky world of terrorism. Rabei Osman Ahmed, a 33-year-old man known as "Muhammad the Egyptian," was arrested June 7 on an international warrant issued by Spanish authorities. The Italians also picked up a 21-year-old Palestinian, Yahia Payumi, as an alleged accomplice. For weeks before his arrest, and while in custody, Italian investigators monitored his conversations. He was picked up after wiretaps indicated he was planning another attack in an undisclosed location. The day after his arrest, Italian Interior Minister Giuseppe Pisanu said Osman Ahmed was "probably among the principal authors" of the Madrid bombings, and that he "was preparing other attacks." -- I would love to read about this guy's plans in detail. He sounds like a nice Jewish boy...getting ready for shule. I am sure he's very fun to be around with that "Jihad" talk. Lovely. Andrew B.

 -- Can we say Murder? Monday, July 12, 2004 Man Dodges Suicide Pact with Bride Yahoo! News - Man Dodges Suicide Pact with Bride: "TEHRAN (Reuters) - An Iranian man who struck a suicide pact with his new bride over their guilt for having pre-marital sex is being held by police after he backed out on his side of the bargain, judiciary officials said on Sunday. The couple, who were not named, had been married for just two days when, 'due to their guilty consciences for having illicit sexual relations, they decided to kill each other at the same time,' the official said. The man helped to hang his wife but then changed his mind about killing himself and handed himself in to police in the northeastern Khorasan province, the official told the ISNA student news agency. Pre-marital sex is taboo in the Islamic state where some girls have to go through a virginity test before tying knot. " -- Welcome to BIZARRO IRAN. Andrew B.

 BRUSSELS (AFP) - The European Union (news - web sites) sent a "very clear" message to Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari against use of the death penalty, the EU's Dutch presidency said. "Our policy will not change: we are opposed to capital punishment," Dutch Foreign Minister Bernard Bot told a news conference alongside Zebari. "We hope to continue dialogue on this issue, but I think that the message has been very clear as far as the European Union is concerned," Bot said. Many Iraqis have demanded the death penalty, which was abolished by the US-led coalition before it returned power to an Iraqi administration a fortnight ago, against Saddam Hussein (news - web sites) and other top figures of the old regime. -- As if the EU has ANY say of what a fully sovereign Iraq can decide. Didn't we just fight a war for that reason, amongst others? It's bizarre to me. Welcome to BIZARRO WORLD, where other countries can tell you that you can't kill a terrorist. Andrew B.

 By Paul Majendie LONDON (Reuters) - Activists launched a campaign on Monday to protect the right of Muslim women in Europe to wear Islamic headscarves. The issue of the hijab -- the traditional headscarf worn round the head and shoulders -- has sparked controversy across the continent and underlined sharp divisions over integrating Muslims. Some 250 delegates from 14 countries congregated at London's City Hall under the banner of a pro-hijab pressure group to campaign over what they see as human rights violations. Among their most vociferous supporters was leading Muslim theologian Yusuf al-Qaradawi who called on France to overturn a ban on headscarves in schools, due to begin in September. "The ban evokes a ghetto mentality," he told the conference. "You are antagonizing Muslims." So let me get this straight so if a Muslim woman goes in for an ID photo she has to wear the hijab and chador? This is crazy. An ID is just that...it to IDENTIFY YOU. What is wrong with these people. You're in a Christian country...learn to adapt. I can't understand this desire to keep the hijab, etc... I can understand tradition, but come on this is going a bit far... Andrew B.

 -- Oh yeah...well neither will sitting on your fat lazy ass! Now, get up and stop these terrorists...oh but wait you sent them out there. I guess that creates a conflict (no pun intended) of interests. KHARTOUM, Sudan - Sudan's foreign minister warned against any U.N. action against his country over a refugee crisis in the Darfur region, saying such a move would only complicate efforts to resolve the situation, state-run media reported Friday. Foreign Minister Mustafa Osman Ismail said Thursday that the threat of sanctions was aimed at weakening Sudan's government and would not solve the crisis in Darfur state along the Chad border. Instead, he said sanctions would only complicate cooperation between Khartoum and international organizations to end the conflict. The United Nations (news - web sites) estimates the conflict has killed up to 30,000 people and left 2 million others desperately short of food and medicine. One million people have been displaced or become refugees. Human rights groups accuse the Islamic government in Khartoum of arming the largely Janjaweed Arab militias for an ethnic cleansing campaign in Darfur, claims Khartoum denies. -- Well...see if they do ANYTHING at all. Andrew B.

 RIYADH, Saudi Arabia - A Sri Lankan woman was beheaded in the Saudi capital Monday for murdering her employer, the Interior Ministry said. Bader el-Nisaa Mibari had been convicted of killing Sara bint Mohammed al-Haqeel, a Saudi woman, after trying to rob her with the help a male companion, the ministry said. The statement did not say what happened to the male accomplice. Monday's execution brings to seven the number of people executed in the kingdom this year. Last year at least 52 people, mostly drug smugglers, were beheaded. Saudi Arabia follows a strict interpretation of Islam under which people convicted of drug trafficking, murder, rape and armed robbery are executed. Beheadings are carried out in public with a sword. -- RoP is at it again...only this time it is state sponsored. I guess this is how they get rid of headaches. I know what you're thinking...Andrew, you have to be "TOLERANT of other people's cultures and practices. It's not barbaric it is just a different way to solve a problem. You have to think differently, Andrew. Get real! I don't care what people say this is horrible...no one should be beheaded, not even Osama. I think this type of death is disgusting and abhorent. I find it ironic that people all over the world are up in arms over the "Abu Ghrab" scandal, where a bunch of prisoners were humiliated, not tortured, but these same people are quiet when it comes to Islam-o-fascist acts against ALL of humanity. The duality is unbelievable and I'm sick of it. Andrew B.

 By JAMIE TARABAY, Associated Press Writer BAGHDAD, Iraq - Iraqi interim President Ghazi al-Yawer threatened Monday to use a "very sharp sword" to fight insurgents threatening the security of the country, a day after three U.S. soldiers died in attacks north of Baghdad. Also Monday, France and Iraq (news - web sites) restored diplomatic relations that were severed before the Gulf War (news - web sites) 13 years ago. Al-Yawer spoke two weeks after the United States handed sovereignty over to an interim Iraqi government. The handover, however, has not quelled the violence that has wracked the country since the fall of Saddam Hussein (news - web sites)'s regime nearly 15 months ago. Foreign and local insurgents have launched numerous attacks in Iraq in an effort to force coalition forces to leave and to thwart the country's postwar reconstruction. The attacks have killed scores of U.S. troops and hundreds of Iraqi civilians. -- I hope al-Yawer just goes at these terrorists like a bull to a red cape. Show no mercy. Instill fear in the hearts and minds of these freaks. That is the only thing they understand. Andrew B.

 By Opheera McDoom LONDON (Reuters) - A rebel leader from Sudan's troubled Darfur region said Saturday his group would not talk to the government until it disarmed Arab militias, casting doubts on U.N. hopes of fresh peace talks. Sudan said it was improving security and aid in the western region, as European countries joined Washington in heaping pressure on Khartoum to end a conflict that threatens millions of lives and has been labeled genocide by the U.S. Congress. Britain's top military commander said his country could muster 5,000 troops to intervene in Darfur and a senior European Union (news - web sites) official urged Sudan to disarm Arab militias accused of killing, raping and looting in black African villages. Khalil Ibrahim, leader of the rebel Justice and Equality Movement (JEM), put the spotlight on the difficulties the international community faces in trying to end what the United Nations (news - web sites) says is the world's worst humanitarian crisis. "JEM will not have any direct contact with the government and will not start any political negotiations ... until the government meets preconditions which are the terms of the cease-fire signed ... on April 8," Ibrahim said from Eritrea. -- I am not sure what is funnier...the whole article (because it gives legitimacy to these Genocidal maniacs) or the author of the article's name...(Opheera McDoom). Sounds like a porn star name. Andrew B.

 --Another group of happy "Palestinian" tourists at the Grand Opening of the 'Zionist Supporter's Haunted House' at "6 BLACK FLAGS Great Adventure" of Gaza. What a great getaway for your family or school trips.-- update: More tourists pour into Grand Opening...it's the HOTTEST spot in all of Gaza. (sorry for the bad PUN, couldn't resist)

 In the Western media, the al-Jazeera satellite news network is often described as "the Arab CNN." This is certainly how many Canadian commentators have described it during the debate about admitting the network to this country's airwaves. But the term is misleading. Like other major Western news networks, CNN purports to be an objective news source. The same cannot be said for al-Jazeera. Few of its viewers in the Arab world could mistake al-Jazeera's slant on the "War against Terror." In Egypt, one media commentator has dubbed it "al-Qaeda's satellite channel." Another calls it "the terrorists' mouthpiece." Though exaggerations, they contain a grain of truth. Part of al-Jazeera's appeal is based on its direct access to important sources. Following U.S. action against al-Qaeda in Afghanistan in late 2001, blurry images of missile strikes were produced by the U.S. military. But only one voice emerged to tell the story from the targets' perspective. At the beginning of the war, al-Jazeera correspondent Tayseer Allouni was the sole international journalist reporting regularly from Taliban-controlled Afghanistan. Indeed, his face competed with prerecorded messages from Osama bin Laden for air time throughout the world. Allouni reported on the mood in Kabul. Paula Zahn interviewed him on CNN. His demeanor was well-suited to a Western audience. But the question remains: Why was he the only reporter who the Taliban government allowed in the capital? It is curious that as soon as the Taliban left Kabul, Allouni left as well. Later, he was the subject of allegations connected to the Madrid bombings of March 11, and forbidden to leave Spain. Yet he continues to report for al-Jazeera to this day. -- There is about 3 more pages of information. Incredible. Please read the entire article. Andrew B.

 In what's expected to be one of the world's largest human protest chains, 150,000 demonstrators are expected to hold hands from the edge of Gush Katif to Jerusalem on Sunday to protest Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's disengagement plan, according to settlers' estimates. "We just want to show that we are all connected to our country," said Dina Abramson. "We are living as part of Israel. We do not see ourselves as something different," said Abramson. One of the organizers of the "Living Chain," Gideon Ariel, said if all goes as planned it will be the fourth largest human chain in political history, referring to one with 2 million people in Latvia and another of 1.5 million in Taiwan. The chain, three months in the making, is attracting volunteers from all over Israel; the event will take place from 5 p.m.-7 p.m. -- Something tells me terrorists will strike. I mean they are all sitting ducks in a row. Andrew B.

 Internal Security Minister Tzahi Hanegbi warned Saturday that Jewish extremists may try to carry out an attack against Arabs on Jerusalem's Temple Mount in order to torpedo Israel's planned unilateral withdrawal from the Gaza Strip. "We sense that a threat to the Temple Mount from extremist and fanatic Jewish elements, hoping to upset the situation and be a catalyst for change in the political process," Hanegbi told Channel 2's Meet the Press. "The threat has increased in the last few months, and especially in the last few weeks, more than any time in the past." Hangebi added that while there was no intelligence information pointing to specific suspects who are planning an attack, there were "worrying indications" that such plans were "not just theoretical." "There is a danger that they would want to make use of the most explosive target, in hope that the ensuing chain reaction would bring about the destruction of the political process," he said. -- Umm yeah I think that would pretty much destroy Israel as we know it. The Arab World would attack Israel instantly. Andrew B.

 By Deanne Lane (KSDK) -- It's a world famous photograph, showing a man wearing military camouflage holding Saddam Hussein down on the ground. What few people knew, until now, that man lives in the St. Louis area. "I just told myself it can't be, no way," says 34 year old Samir. He's asked us not to use his last name, or identify exactly where he lives. Samir worked with the military as an interpreter. He was at the remote farm on December 13th, when U.S. forces discovered a secret hiding place. The next few minutes will feel like a lifetime for Samir. "We saw the hole for the bunker but it hard to believe someone live in that hole. It was really small," Samir remembers. "They shot in there and he started yelling, "Don't shoot, don't shoot, don't kill me.'" So I had to talk to him. I was the translator. I said, 'Just come out.' He kept saying, 'Don't shoot. Don't kill me.'" In Arabic Samir said he continued to pursuade Saddam to come out. He was about to come face to face with the tyrant who killed his loved ones. Saddam was the reason he fled Iraq in 1991 and eventually moved to St. Louis. -- How come the media isn't showing this? I think this is HUGE! How great is it to the Iraqi people that a person from their background found this terrorist in that RAT hole. Andrew B.

 A joint force from the Iraqi National Guard and Iraqi police launched a crack down on dens of terrorism in Haifa street.An authorized source said that the operation started Thursday dawn in Haifa and the near sites after reported accurate intelligence information on the presence of large number of terrorist groups and supporters of Saddam or those coming via the Iraqi borders from different nationalities.The source added that the Iraqi National Guard undertook installing check points in front of the compounds of the terrorists.The operation resulted in the killing of a number of terrorists from different nationalities and arresting not less than 165 persons among them 20 from different nationalities further for confiscating about 275 pieces of weapons."The accuracy of the intelligence information and the success of the operation contribute lessen the casualties among the national guards men and the Iraqi police ". The source clarified.Thanks to the consciousness of the Iraqi National Guard, the terrorist coalition lost its logistic support in the cities. This operation seems to be a continuation to the one that took place on the 10th of July. It’s worth mentioning that this area has always been a source of trouble (as the people who inhabited Haifa St. Were almost Syrians who supported Saddam and were given flats in those buildings for free in the early 80s) since the end of OIF. This area lies just across the river opposite to the hospital where Ali works and he said that there was heavy gunfire and explosions almost everyday (mainly at night) coming from that direction but lately there has been a considerable decline in such hostile operations and that now you can hardly hear any gunfire. Wow... Andrew B.

 © 2004 WorldNetDaily.com Iraq's new leader says the Shi'ite and Sunni insurgency in Iraq is being financed by more than $1 billion coming from foreign sources. Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Alawi offered details of Baghdad's assessments of the insurgency during an interview with the London-based daily Al Hayat. Alawi said the insurgency included al-Qaida and was being financed by $1 billion from Saddam Hussein loyalists and elements in neighboring countries such as Jordan and Syria. "The money is held with certain people and is being used to finance crimes against the Iraqi people," Alawi told Al Hayat on July 15. "The money is being distributed by followers of Saddam Hussein outside Iraq. "There also exists a certain coordination between al-Qaida operatives and remnants of the ousted [Saddam] regime," he said. Alawi's assertion appeared to dispute that of a U.S. Senate report released earlier this month that ruled out links between the former Saddam regime and al-Qaida. The prime minister, in a statement that also differed from the Senate report, said Saddam sent his weapons of mass destruction arsenal abroad prior to and during the U.S.-led war in 2003. The prime minister said he was basing his assessments on interrogations of leading insurgents captured in Iraq. Iraqi authorities had captured what he termed "big names involved in financing terrorism and they are demonstrating cooperation with investigators," he said. -- Hmmm..I wonder where all that money came from. Maybe it was from the "Oil for Food" program. Hmmmmmm...let's ask Kofi-cake Annan and his son. I mean they have all the records to this somewhere in New Jersey in a warehouse. Andrew B.

 By Wafa Amr RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat (news - web sites) said on Saturday he would accept any government changes proposed by his prime minister, as militants demanding anti-corruption reforms kept up a campaign of unrest. Prime Minister Ahmed Qurie, widely viewed as a moderate voice in the Palestinian Authority (news - web sites), has led calls for reform and submitted his resignation to Arafat last week over the issue. "I accept anything he presents and I have high confidence in him," Arafat, who has rejected Qurie's resignation, told reporters in the West Bank city of Ramallah. Arafat, who dismissed reports of problems between Qurie and himself, said he also welcomed a proposal by Palestinian lawmakers to replace some ministers. -- You have to be kidding me. He's open for new things....hmmmm how about....STOPPING THE HOMICIDAL MANIACS FROM BLOWING THEMSELVES TO HELL AND MURDERING INNOCENT ISRAELIS! How about that? Oh wait...right you want them to do that. You want innocent Israelis dead. You even say in Arabic to your "people". Hmmm...that's funny. How is your PM supposed to do anything when you are the one telling these terrorists its: ok to murder children in a school bus. ok to blow up a Seder dinner in Netanya where entire families were completely wipped out. ok to launch missles randomly into Israel at homes. ok to murder a pregnant mother and all her kids at the same time in cold blood. ok to teach young "Palestinian" children to loathe and have contempt for Jews and the West. I can go on and on and on... Andrew B.

 --What is going to happen if these people vote in a tyrannical warlord? Then would we be?-- By PAUL GEITNER, Associated Press Writer BRUSSELS, Belgium - After months of delay, NATO (news - web sites) has ordered hundreds more peacekeepers to Afghanistan (news - web sites) to help provide security during presidential elections, but the deployment still appeared to fall short of 3,500 troops that were promised. NATO ambassadors meeting late Friday approved two more battalions for Afghanistan, one each from Italy and Spain. A battalion has between 600 and 1,000 soldiers. The alliance also cleared another 500 or so troops to beef up provincial reconstruction teams. Assuming the battalions were large, that would still make only about 2,500 troops. "We need a little bit more to get to 3,500," said Lt. Col. Ludger Terbrueggen, spokesman at NATO's military headquarters in southern Belgium. -- What took them so long? I mean shouldn't they have sent these same troops eons ago? I find it BIZARRO!!! Then again...welcome to Afghanistan. Andrew B.

 LAHORE, Pakistan (AFP) - Germany hopes to cash in on its outspoken opposition to the Iraq (news - web sites) war to win a permanent seat on the UN Security Council, but regional rivalries and resistance in Washington could stymie the bid. Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer wrapped up a 10-day tour Friday aimed at wooing Asia's powerhouses to back a veto-wielding seat for Germany as part of a major United Nations (news - web sites) reform drive. Fischer, who is also Germany's vice chancellor, did win a firm commitment from India, in exchange for supporting New Delhi's own bid for a permanent berth in New York. But Bangladesh, China, Pakistan and Sri Lanka -- the unofficial spokesman for the world's poorest nations -- were all non-committal during Fischer's whistlestop tour, citing the complex power politics in their own backyards. -- Yeah, that's a great idea...let's put the country that started two of the worst wars known to mankind, that involved the entire globe on one of the highest seats in the international community. (sarcasm, as if you couldn't tell) Andrew B.

 --Reminds me of the Arabic version of the 1988 cinematic classic 'Bill + Ted's Excellent Adventure'...Put them in the al-Iron al-Maiden. "Excellent...Allah Akbar!!!" Execute them..."Bogus...Feem Allah? Feem?"--

 --Zahra Kazemi-- By Parinoosh Arami TEHRAN (Reuters) - An Iranian court has acquitted an intelligence agent charged with killing Canadian-Iranian journalist Zahra Kazemi in custody last year, his lawyer said on Saturday. The court's decision was likely to be welcomed by Kazemi's family, the Iranian government and human rights groups, all of whom expressed concern that the accused was a scapegoat and that evidence pointing to other suspects was ignored. Lawyers acting for the family of Kazemi, who was arrested last June for taking photographs of Tehran's Evin prison, said they wanted the case re-opened and the real culprit found. The Kazemi case has soured Iran's ties with Canada -- which last week recalled its ambassador from Tehran. The trial, which ended abruptly last Sunday after just three court sessions, also exposed Iran's human rights record and judicial processes to international scrutiny and highlighted deep rifts between President Mohammad Khatami (news - web sites)'s reformist government and the hard-line judiciary. -- Wow, now that's one for the books. Maybe they should make a "made-for-tv" movie about this. This is pathetic. This journalist dies in their jail (what a sight that probably was) and the killer goes free. That sounds like justice to me. (sarcasm) How can this be deemed a form of justice? I guess to the UN this is fine...at least her killer got a trial, albeit from a kangaroo court with a preordained outcome. Andrew B.

 --"Thank you Pres. Arroyo for saving my life." "No, Silly man. We no save you...we save your mullet. It have special powers that give sexual feeling to me.-- MANILA (AFP) - President Gloria Arroyo was defiant in the face of harsh US criticism of her decision to recall Philippines troops from Iraq (news - web sites) to save a hostage's life, as the freed man arrived in his hometown to a hero's welcome. The US envoy to Manila had meanwhile travelled to Washington to explain domestic pressures that led to Arroyo's decision to pull out the Philippines' 51-man contingent a month earlier than scheduled, an official said. The withdrawal was completed on Monday. The following day truck driver Angelo de la Cruz was released by militants who had threatened to behead him unless the troops left. Arroyo brushed off US criticism that she had played into the hands of militants and said she had no regrets about her decision. -- It is at times like this that I wonder why we even help (financially, strategically, etc...) these small countries that have no clue of what really going on or really understand the threat posed by these terrorists. I do understand why they did what they did, but the fact still remains when give into these freaks it sends them the go signal to do it again and again. How do they NOT see this? I am a little baffled by this. They are blinded by saving one person, but could careless if 100 more people die because of their actions. Andrew B.

 By ZEINA KARAM, Associated Press Writer DAMASCUS, Syria - Iraq (news - web sites)'s interim leader said Saturday that diplomatic relations between Syria and Baghdad likely will be restored soon, after years of hostility and recent tension over foreign fighters sneaking into Iraq along their shared border. Speaking to reporters after meeting with the Syrian president, Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said new formal ties "will surely happen." "Relations will be restored and they will be strong," Allawi said. "It is clear that our visit here is the beginning of a bright chapter in relations between our two brotherly people. We are opening a new page with Syria." Syria's official news agency, SANA, said Allawi and Syrian President Bashar Assad agreed to resume diplomatic relations "as soon as possible." The two countries broke off ties in the early 1980s when war began between Iraq and Iran. -- Somehow I think this is a bad idea. Hmmm...I wonder why? Negotiating with Assad, the chinless wonder. Andrew B.

 By RAVI NESSMAN, Associated Press Writer BAGHDAD, Iraq - Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi urged Egypt on Saturday to stand fast in the face of the kidnapping of one of its diplomats and ignore militants' demand that it abandon any plans to lend security assistance to Iraq (news - web sites). "It is time for us to close ranks to fight terrorism. There is no way to budge to terrorists and give them what they want," Allawi said in Damascus, Syria. "The only way to deal with terrorism is to promote justice and to close ranks, and we hope Egypt and the Egyptian government will act accordingly." Allawi spoke just hours after gunmen dressed as police snatched the leader of an Iraqi government-owned construction company. The brazen attacks suggested insurgents were growing bolder, particularly since kidnappers scored a stunning victory by forcing the Philippines to withdraw troops to save the life of a Filipino truck driver last week. The violence also cast a pall over Allawi's tour through the region to persuade reluctant Arab and Muslim countries to send troops here.

 By STEVEN GUTKIN, Associated Press Writer JERUSALEM - They're calling it the "intra-fadeh" — an uprising not against Israel but against the Palestinian establishment. A week of turmoil in the West Bank and Gaza Strip (news - web sites) has had Yasser Arafat (news - web sites) reshuffling top posts and promising to cede some authority — a key U.S. and Israeli condition for a return to Mideast peace talks. Arafat, a master political survivor, has survived one cliffhanger after another in his 3 1/2 decades at the top, and at 74 he isn't even close to being removed from power. Millions of Palestinians still idolize him as a national symbol of anti-Israeli defiance, and there simply isn't anyone of his stature to replace him. But even if his hold over the Palestinian Authority (news - web sites) is steadfast, his control in Palestinian territory away from his Israeli-encircled office in the West Bank city of Ramallah is slipping, and he appears weakened. The riots, protests, kidnappings, resignations and shooting of an outspoken Arafat critic have exacerbated the sense of anarchy. Events climaxed with a standoff between Arafat and his prime minister, Ahmed Qureia, who quit in anguish over his lack of authority. Arafat rejected his resignation. -- You can only shuffle the cards so many times, until you are right back where you started. Which is nowhere. (Now that's poetic) Andrew B.

 DUBAI (Reuters) - A group claiming to be the European wing of al Qaeda on Saturday threatened Australia and Italy with attacks if they do not pull troops out of Iraq (news - web sites). The statement posted on a Web site said they would attack both countries with "columns of rigged cars" if they refused their demands. -- What else can I say...other than, "I told you so..." Andrew B.

 By HAMZA HENDAWI, Associated Press Writer RAMADI, Iraq - In the month since becoming interim prime minister, Iyad Allawi has armed himself with tough new powers and spoken of restoring the death penalty. He has also raised the possibility of an amnesty for insurgents to help stem violence tearing the fabric of this Arab nation. Many Iraqis, however, dismiss Allawi's plans as talk but no action. In turbulent cities like Ramadi and nearby Fallujah — hotbeds of anti-U.S. resistance — the Iraqi leader must win over residents to ensure his political survival. But recent events in the two Sunni cities don't bode well for Allawi, a Shiite. "Nobody here wants Allawi," elderly Ramadi resident Mohammed Hameed Diyab said as he stood next to a neighborhood power generator damaged during fighting between U.S. troops and insurgents. "We don't want anyone brought by the Americans." Allawi heads a sovereign administration that on June 28 replaced the U.S.-run provisional authority that had ruled Iraq (news - web sites) since Saddam's ouster 15 months ago. But with Americans making up the bulk of a 160,000-strong Multinational Force here, and Iraq's fledgling forces still unable to handle security alone, Iraqis still see the United States as the real power. Since taking office, Allawi has sought the image of a tough law-and-order enforcer and a leader with policies that transcend ethnic and sectarian boundaries. -- Typical knee jerk reaction from the media...expect everything all at once. In reality, this is going to take years to recover. So my advice to the Media is...SHUT THE FUCK UP! Andrew B.

 By JIM HEINTZ, Associated Press Writer MOSCOW - Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari said on Saturday that Baghdad would like to have Russian peacekeepers, but the Kremlin restated its refusal to become involved in the messy conflict. "We need Russian peacekeepers," Zebari said, according to the Interfax news agency. But Russia's Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Moscow had no intention of becoming involved. "This issue wasn't looked into," Lavrov said at a news conference. "There are no such plans." Lavrov said that Russia was willing to contribute to by considering a restructuring of its multibillion dollar debt through the Paris Club of creditor nations and offering economic assistance and personnel training. -- Typical Russian response... Andrew B.

 --This is the scary "Zionist Supporter Haunted House", the first of many new attractions at "6 Black Flags" in Gaza.-- By IBRAHIM BARZAK, Associated Press Writer GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - Militants torched a Palestinian police station south of Gaza City on Saturday, the latest in a series of violent acts that has shaken the Palestinian government and Yasser Arafat (news - web sites)'s regime. Gaza has been in turmoil for more than a week, igniting a political crisis in the Palestinian government based in the West Bank city of Ramallah. Officials said the unidentified militants broke into the empty station in the dark hours of the morning in the town of Zwaida, about four miles south of Gaza City, pouring gasoline on mattresses and blankets and setting the building alight. The fire also damaged the town council on an upper story of the building, which had recently been renovated with donations from the Danish government.

 An Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades cell killed a 16-year-old Palestinian boy in Beit Hanun on Friday after a row in which his family opposed the cell's attempt to launch Qassam rockets from their yard, Israeli security sources said. According to a report obtained from Palestinian sources, the cell, comprised of six men, arrived in a van at the Za'anun family's Beit Hanun home on Friday morning. The militants then placed a Qassam rocket launcher adjacent to the family home, and one of the cell members opened fire on an armored Israel Defense Forces vehicle nearby. Members of the Za'anun family came out of their house holding sticks and rocks, and tried to drive the Al-Aqsa militants from their yard, most likely fearing that their house would be demolished if Qassam rockets were launched from it. During the clash, the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades members opened fire, killing Hassan Za'anun and wounding three other family members. The cell left the area following the incident, without firing the Qassam rockets. So the kid died for nothing at all. What a waste. (No sarcasm at all...honestly) Just sickening that these monsters will kill their own. They have no depths to their darkness. Andrew B.

 --Instead of the typical "Palestinian" car swarms...I bring forth with exclusive coverage to you...the elusive Iraqi Muqtada al-Sadr swarm. Behold, ladies and gentlemen...the rare genus + species of...Swarmicus Maximus al-Sadricus.--

 --You know it's a sad day for terrorists, when they run out of names and start naming themselves after terrible, terrible Punk/Metal/Experimental/Whatever you want to call it groups from the Late 70's and 80's.--

 I have decided in honor of Aaron's work over at Internet Haganah (a website for the sole purpose of the destruction of terrorist websites), to give a weekly spotlight on the official tally of "Takedowns". This week Al Ansar, a website so foul and disgusting the very thought of surfing it made me sick, was suspended. As of Friday July 23rd, 2004: Internet Haganah has helped to take down - Tally of Jihad Site Takedowns: 498 -- I am pysched...are you? Andrew B.

 By Nima Elbagir KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudanese Arabs Friday slammed a U.S. congressional resolution describing atrocities in Darfur as "genocide," while people driven from their homes asked how Washington could make it safe for them to return. "Is Iraq (news - web sites) not enough? Do they want to destroy us too? ... America wants everyone who is Arab to pay. They do not understand anything," said 34-year-old driver Ismail Gasmalseed in Khartoum. The U.S. Congress approved the resolution Thursday and its supporters hope it will help mobilize the international community to protect Africans in Darfur from Arab militias. But the Bush administration resisted calls Friday to declare Arab militia attacks on African villagers in Sudan genocide, a controversial label that would pressure the United States to do more to stop the violence. -- So let me understand this...destroying entire cultures and a group of people "systematically" isn't Genocide...ok I believe you (sarcasm)....sigh. We'll take you word at face value because you have never lied before to us or the UN (not that the UN is the end all to truth). Again as usual...disgusting. Andrew B.

 Earlier this week, The Detroit News published our recent Fahranheit 9/11 cartoon, making it the first Cox & Forkum editorial cartoon to appear in a large American daily newspaper -- approximately 200,000 circulation. Not only that, but there are plans to make our cartoons part of a new weekly feature. "Yaaahooooo!" doesn't quite express our high level of excitement. This opportunity sprang from another: A few months back we were invited to participate in the The Detroit News Political Weblog. Not only did that lead to the publishing of our cartoons, but DetNews decided to retain us as a regular contributor to the blog. The new weekly feature for the print edition publishes excerpts from their blog, from many contributors, which I thought was an interesting merger of blogs and traditional newspapers. Our sincere thanks to everyone at DetNews for this opportunity, especially Felix Grabowski, Nancy Malitz and George Bullard. But there is more people...go to the site and see it all. I am standing besides myself. This is incredible. I am not sure If I can take all this excitement in one day...Aaron from Internet Haganah helped bring down al Ansar's website and now this. Man this is a double header for today. Today...we bask. Andrew B. P.S.-Congrats!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 --So now we know what Prince William has been up to...the apple doesn't fall far from the tree.--

 --Grandma...please put my gun down. I swear to Allah that I will never call you a Kufr again. I promise...promise.--

 By Bonita Brewer CONTRA COSTA TIMES LIVERMORE - Linda Ronstadt's political message sent close to a hundred concert-goers home early Thursday evening. What had been a mellow evening at Wente Vineyards, with the crowd even serenading her with "Happy Birthday" at one point, turned into a rush for the exits by some fans angry by her encore tribute to filmmaker Michael Moore. "She just had to do it," one fan steamed as he headed for the parking lot. "It was good until the end," another yelled to TV crews waiting outside the concert. "She's getting out of line; it's ridiculous," said Cindy Williams of Livermore, as she left during the last song of the evening. Ronstadt's encore dedication of the song "Desperado" to Moore, the controversial maker of "Fahrenheit 9/11" who she described Thursday as "a great American patriot," got her booted from a Las Vegas casino Saturday and drew cheers, some boos, and a few "traitor" yells from the Livermore crowd. Until that last song, the concert had been an evening of good music and happy fans. There was no shortage of conflicting opinions among the baby-boomer crowd, a sprinkling of them dressed in patriotic colors, but it was no referendum on the war in Iraq, no pro- or anti-Bush lovefest, or even a meeting of the Michael Moore fan club. Concert-goers, who paid from $99 to $249 each for tickets, were well aware of the controversy, but said they just wanted to enjoy the songs. -- Hey Linda...a few words of advice... "SHUT UP AND SING! Andrew B.

 NAIROBI (AFP) - The United Nations (news - web sites) said that it will launch a multi-million dollar plan to rescue and revive Iraq (news - web sites)'s southern marshlands, considered by some to be the site of the Bible's Garden of Eden. "The marshlands of Mesopotamia (between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers) constitute the largest wetland ecosystem in the Middle East and western Eurasia," UN Environment Programme (UNEP) executive director said in a statement. The 11-million-dollar (nine-million-euro) project will support the sustainable development and restoration of the marshlands through environmentally sounds technologies. The project, funded by Japan and approved in the framework of the UN Iraq Trust Fund, will also install drinking water and sanitation systems in key communities. -- Who wants to hold their breathe to see if the UN will back out of this one if there is a car backfiring and they mistake it for a gun blast. Andrew B.

 --Pardon...Monsour...ave yoo seen ma cheez?-- By MORT ROSENBLUM, AP Special Correspondent PARIS - Jacques Chirac, whose refusal to join the Iraq (news - web sites) invasion gained him I-told-you-so clout, is worrying allies with blunt outbursts that some say raise the risks in an overheated world. At a time when fighting terrorism needs a united front, arrogance in Paris and Washington alike is breeding discord, analysts and diplomats say. The crux is simple: While George W. Bush wants to destroy terrorism, Chirac insists that at best, it can only be contained. But things have gone beyond the two men's apparent mutual dislike to drag in other leaders. Turkey, for instance, badly wants to join the European Union (news - web sites). But last month, when Bush endorsed Turkey's ambitions, Chirac essentially told him to mind his own business, saying Europe doesn't tell the United States how to deal with Mexico. Chirac has enraged eastern European newcomers to the European Union by warning them against supporting the Iraq invasion. He is engaged in a nasty exchange with Ariel Sharon (news - web sites) over the Israeli prime minister's claim that France is engulfed in "the wildest anti-Semitism" and that its Jews should get out. And he has angered the Muslim world by championing a ban on schoolgirls' wearing Islamic head scarves at school. Chirac also sent a message to this month's international AIDS (news - web sites) conference in Thailand accusing Washington of tying aid to trade and calling it "tantamount to blackmail." -- Can it be a scathing article about Chirac from the AP? Who would have thought. Never in my wildest dreams would I have thought the AP could allow such an article to be published. Must be a misprint...someone was asleep at the press. LOL Andrew B.

 --Ok class...who knows the correct way to hide a homicide belt? oh...ohhhh.....meeee meeee meeee..meee pick me I know! No way Ali you answered the last one. It's my turn. Allah Akbar!!!!!--

 By ARTHUR MAX, Associated Press Writer JERUSALEM - An Israeli helicopter attack in Gaza that killed two Palestinian militants was aimed at a man believed to have jubilantly displayed the severed head of an Israeli soldier two months ago, security officials said Friday. Hazem Rahim and another militant were killed late Thursday, partly fulfilling a pledge by the Israeli army chief to "show no forgiveness" to the men who gloated over the corpses of six Israeli soldiers last May and held their body parts for ransom. The Israeli helicopter-launched missile pulverized a white Subaru as it drove through the crowded Zeitoun district of Gaza City. The Islamic Jihad identified the victims as its members, and the Israeli army said Rahim was involved in the deadly May roadside bombing. The May 11 attack shattered an armored personnel carrier transporting explosives, scattering the remains of the six soldiers over a 300-yard radius. Militants paraded through the streets with body parts and video footage flashed on Arab television showed two masked Islamic Jihad activists taking responsibility and displaying the head of an Israeli soldier on a table in front of them. -- Keep going you have a few more to go. Keep going. Andrew B.

 By SARAH EL DEEB, Associated Press Writer CAIRO, Egypt - An amnesty period for Saudi militants ended with no major figures netted, but a cleric said Friday that negotiations were under way to try to get the purported al-Qaida chief in the Arabian Peninsula to surrender. The Saudi Interior Ministry, seeking to encourage last-minute surrenders, said those who contacted authorities before the amnesty expired at midnight Thursday could still benefit from the offer, even if they don't turn themselves in until later. There was no word Friday if any militants made such an arrangement. Sheik Safar al-Hawaly told The Associated Press that an intermediary was sent to al-Qaida chief Saleh Mohammed al-Aoofi on Thursday night. The cleric would not say where al-Aoofi was. Saudi security forces detained his wife and three children after raiding his Riyadh hideout late Tuesday and finding the head of slain American hostage Paul M. Johnson Jr. The U.S. Embassy in Riyadh confirmed Friday that the head found in a freezer was that of Johnson, an engineer with Lockheed Martin who was kidnapped June 12 by an al-Qaida cell and beheaded six days later. -- I am putting much credibility into the Saudi "government". Andrew B.

 WASHINGTON -- Did we invade the wrong country? One of the lessons now being drawn from the 9/11 report is that Iran was the real threat. It had links to al Qaeda, allowed some of the 9/11 hijackers to transit through, and is today harboring al Qaeda leaders. The Iraq War critics have a new line of attack: We should have done Iran instead of Iraq. Well, of course Iran is a threat and a danger. But how exactly would the critics have ``done'' Iran? Iran is a serious country with a serious army. Compared to Iraq, an invasion of Iran would have been infinitely more costly. Can you imagine these critics, who were shouting ``quagmire'' and ``defeat'' when the low-level guerrilla war in Iraq intensified in April, actually supporting war with Iran? If not war, what then? We know the central foreign policy principle of Bush critics: multilateralism. Kerry and the Democrats have said it a hundred times: The source of our troubles is Bush's insistence on ``going it alone.'' They promise to ``rejoin the community of nations'' and ``work with our allies.'' Well, that happens to be exactly what we have been doing on Iran. And the policy is an abject failure. The Bush administration, having decided that invading one axis-of-evil country was about as much as either the military or the country can bear, has gone multilateral on Iran, precisely what the Democrats advocate. Washington delegated the issue to a committee of three -- the foreign ministers of Britain, France and Germany -- that has been meeting with the Iranians to get them to shut down their nuclear program. -- I wish I could just shake Charles Krauthammer's hand. He really gets it. This guy is on point. Perfect. What else can I say, except read the rest on the website. Andrew B.

 The land of "spies". Yesterday I went to the barber to have a hair cut. This hair dressing shop that I usually go to ( and have made a sort of friendship with the owner) lies in Adhamyia district, the neighborhood that’s known to be the most anti-American and that showed the most notable resistance to OIF in Baghdad. This is the place where Saddam was seen in public for the last time before his regime collapsed. There’s hardly a day pass without hearing explosions and gun fire in this area, and as one enters this area he’s faced with slogans condemning American presence and the members of the new government written on the walls and other slogans cheering Saddam signed by Baáthists and Saddam’s Fedaáeen. In this neighborhood lies the tomb and mosque of "Imam Abu Hanifa al Noman", the imam that has the largest number of followers among Muslim Sunnis all over the world. This mosque often witnesses demonstrations against foreign presence and American policy in Iraq. The barber’s shop was a place where I could know more about the situation in this highly unstable neighborhood. Everyone here talks about politics but you can sense an evident fear when talking about Baáthists and Fedaáyeen here, unlike most of Iraq, as no one dares to say that what happened was right. Everybody is afraid of the revenge of the brutal criminals who are more than ready to kill a man or a woman for just one word and in the most horrible ways. The last operations carried out by the IP and the National Guard with support from the American army had directed strong blows to these gangs, minimizing their capability to move and carry attacks, as they have found themselves in a defense now; a position that is highly unfavorable for guerilla fighters who find themselves more comfortable with the ‘cut and run’ tactics. -- I love reading about the daily life in Baghdad. It's really amazing. It makes me appreciate where I live 10 times over. I am so glad I live in NYC. Thank g-d for America. The shining beacon of freedom in the world. Andrew B.

 Former National Security Adviser Sandy Berger blocked four separate plans of action against the al-Qaida terrorist network from 1998 to 2000, according to the newly released 9-11 commission report. The report cites a 1998 meeting in which then-director of the Central Intelligence Agency George Tenet presented a plan to capture Osama bin Laden, notes the New York Sun. "In his meeting with Tenet, Berger focused, however, on the question of what was to be done with Bin Ladin if he were actually captured," the report says, citing a May 1, 1998, CIA memo. "He worried that the hard evidence against Bin Ladin was still skimpy and that there was a danger of snatching him and bringing him to the United States only to see him acquitted." Berger, who served in the Clinton administration, is facing a Justice Department investigation for allegedly smuggling secret files out of the National Archives prior to the 9-11 commission hearings. -- So now we know why he did what he did. Do the letters C.Y.A.(covering your ass)mean anything to you? This kind of behavior is so typical of the Clinton "LEGACY". Cheat and retreat. Pathetic. Andrew B.

 Al Ansar: down The site commonly known as 'Al Ansar', using the domain name ansarnet.ws, and a favorite haunt of Jihadists affiliated with Al Qaida and active in both the Middle East, Europe and the USA, has been suspended: We award this Little Blue AK® to the fine folks at MEMRI who appear determined to shoot themselves in the foot at least 25 times... Posted by aaron at July 22, 2004 02:56 PM -- This is a HUGE victory for the Allies in the 'War on Terror'. Aaron, Kudos to you. This is amazing. Let's keep at them. It is important to not let up on these terrorists. You cannot let them sleep for one moment. We will take them all down. Andrew B.

 BRUSSELS (AFP) - NATO (news - web sites) approved plans to provide extra help, including up to 1,800 more troops, to Afghanistan (news - web sites) to reinforce security there before the presidential election due on October 9, an alliance statement said. The force will consist of a Spanish and an Italian battalion, who will join the 6,500 NATO forces troops already deployed. At the alliance summit in Istanbul last month NATO leaders took a decision in principle to beef up the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) but left the details open. "The Spanish battalion (about 800 men) will provide the ISAF Quick Reaction Force and the Italian battalion (up to 1,000 troops) will provide the in-theatre Operational Reserve Force," the alliance statement said. "These additional forces will deploy to Afghanistan by September and will remain about eight weeks to cover the election period." The Italian contingent is drawn from the NATO rapid reaction force, established last year to respond to potential crises. The US ambassador to NATO Nicholas Burns said he was satisfied with the alliance's decision.

 By PAUL GARWOOD, Associated Press Writer BAGHDAD, Iraq - Militants in Iraq (news - web sites) took an Egyptian diplomat hostage Friday and demanded his country forsake any plans it had to send security experts here, according to a video broadcast Friday on the Al-Jazeera television station. The station also showed a separate videotape from another militant group which abducted seven foreign truck drivers, who issued new demands for the company to compensate the families of those killed in battles with U.S. forces in Fallujah. The company was given 48 hours to comply. Earlier Friday, U.S. forces launched a "precision attack" against a suspected gathering of insurgents outside a house in Fallujah, wounding five civilians, while a roadside bomb killed two American soldiers near Samarra, the U.S. military said. An Egyptian diplomat in Baghdad, who declined to be identified, confirmed that Mohammed Mamdouh Helmi Qutb was abducted Friday. The diplomat said Qutb was taken while leaving a mosque. -- These animals will stop at nothing to win their digusting Jihad against the "infidels". It's time to play fire with fire. I say we go into these terror hide outs and kidnap them and throw them in jail. Andrew B.

 By DAN WALDMAN, Associated Press Writer JERUSALEM - A pro-Palestinian American activist lost her appeal Friday of a court order barring her entry into Israel, her lawyer said The decision against Jamie Spector, 32, a Jewish social worker from San Francisco, came two days after another judge overturned a similar ban against a member of the same organization, the International Solidarity Movement. Spector arrived in Israel on July 10 to participate in protests against the separation barrier Israel is constructing in the West Bank. Airport officials stopped her based on a security recommendation, said Tova Ellinson, spokeswoman for the Ministry of the Interior. She declined to elaborate. Spector has been detained since defying the order to leave, lawyer Gaby Lasky said. "I have not, at any time, been involved in anything illegal," Spector told The Associated Press after the ruling. "Palestinians have a legal right to protest, and I have every right to aid them in nonviolent legal actions." -- Aweeeee....Boo FUCKING Hoo. Rot in hell you scumbag. I am so pissed off. People like her claim to be Jewish. Who are these people kidding? Certainly not me or my family. Andrew B.

 DAMASCUS, Syria - Iraq (news - web sites)'s interim prime minister urged Syria to work more closely with his government, saying during a visit here Friday that it is time for "a new stage of honest and brotherly cooperation." Syria has greeted Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's government with suspicion, questioning whether it is a U.S. puppet regime. The country strongly opposed the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq. Yet Syria was also long a haven for Iraqis opposed to Saddam. The country's branch of the Baath Party broke with the Iraqi Baath in 1966. In comments to Syria's state-run news agency shortly after his arrival, Allawi thanked Syria for supporting and welcoming Iraqis "when we were struggling against the dictatorship in Iraq." -- Ok...I throw in the towel on this one. Why would Allawi want to talk with chinless wonder known as Baby Assad? The guy sponsors terror. He is letting these jihadis filter through the border. Yeah, he's trustworthy. Andrew B.

 By JANE WARDELL, Associated Press Writer LONDON - Lawyers acting for the U.S. government outlined terrorism charges against a radical Muslim cleric, including an alleged attempt to establish a jihad camp in Oregon, as they sought his extradition Friday from Britain. Abu Hamza al-Masri was involved in the attempted establishment of the terrorist training camp, a hostage-taking incident in Yemen, and the funding of training for potential terrorists, said James Lewis, a lawyer acting for the U.S. government said. U.S. authorities are seeking his extradition on 10 terror charges, Lewis said. Al-Masri's defense attorney said his client wouldn't receive a fair hearing if he were sent to the United States and expressed fears some evidence against him may have been obtained from tortured witnesses. -- Will someone take this half blind ding bat out to the shed and just take care of business already? I mean what use is a trial going to do? He'll probably be found innocent and released from his cage into scoiety to spread his virus like hate to the world. Andrew B.

 By ABDUL HUSSEIN AL-OBEIDI, Associated Press Writer NAJAF, Iraq - Firebrand Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, who led an uprising against U.S. forces, condemned militants on Friday who have beheaded foreigners in Iraq (news - web sites) in the last several months. Leading Friday prayers for the first time in two months at the Kufa mosque south of Baghdad, denounced militants from the rival Sunni Muslim faction who have claimed to have cut off the heads of at least three foreigners since April. "We condemn what some people are doing regarding the beheading of prisoners and it is illegal according to Islamic law," al-Sadr said. "Anybody doing this is a criminal and we will punish him according to Islamic law." Al-Sadr led an uprising against U.S. forces in Shiite-dominated areas across Iraq beginning in April. On-and-off battles between U.S. troops and al-Sadr's al-Mahdi militia left hundreds of people dead before a cease-fire was reached in June. You have to be kidding me. You HAVE TO BE KIDDING ME. This is a joke right? And this man has any credibility? Please. Do me a favor jerk-face...give yourself in or committ suicide. For the sake of innocent Iraqis and our soldiers. Just die. Andrew B.

 MOSUL, Iraq - Gunmen attacked a retired Iraqi general, who had worked for the former U.S. occupation government, as he headed to a northern mosque to pray Friday, killing him and another man, police said. Maj. Gen. Salim Majeed Blesh, 58, who had been a top commander in the Iraqi army, was assassinated in the northern city of Mosul. A neighbor who was with him, Sami Noori, 68, was also killed, police Capt. Ahmed Subhi said. Blesh had been in charge of the employment office set up in Mosul by the former U.S. occupation authority that searched for Iraqis to work in reconstruction and other jobs. Insurgents repeatedly have targeted police and other officials accused of collaborating with U.S. forces here.

 Indonesian Muslim militant youths, members of Islamic Defenders' Front (FPI), listen to the head of the Indonesian Constitutional Court Jimly Asshiddiqie read out the court's ruling against one of Indonesia's anti-terror laws, in Jakarta, July 23, 2004. The court on Friday ruled that a tough anti-terrorism law used to convict the Bali bombers was unconstitutional. However, the ruling does not annul past verdicts against militants involved in the Bali bombing case. REUTERS/Crack Palingg -- Excuse me? Unconstitutional? I didn't even realize Indonesia had a "consititution" to begin with. Something tells me that this "constitution" is more like Shar'ia Law. Let's see how far off I am. Andrew B.

 Taliban insurgents have killed 11 pro government militia men in an ambush in southern Afghanistan (news - web sites)'s Helmand province overnight. Here Taliban and their cache(AFP/File/Saeed Khan) -- Wanna know what I see wrong? The fact that there is a photographer following these animals. If I were a reporter in Afghanistan and I came upon some Taliban, I think I would call the proper authorities and have these guys wiped out. The Taliban were pure evil. There is no journalistic integrity when it comes to innocent human lives. If you know where the enemy, which targets innocent people on purpose, are located and you knew they were planning to attack again. Wouldn't you call someone to come and stop these animals before they slaughtered anyone else? Oh wait, let me guess these creeps at AFP were trying to be "TOLERANT" of their culture of beheadings, rape and slavery. Yeah, lots of "TOLERANCE" there. Their naivety goes beyond sedition and betrayal. It's more like treason and willfull neglect. Andrew B.

 KANDAHAR, Afghanistan - A powerful car bomb exploded on a road outside this southern city Friday as a convoy of U.S. military vehicles passed by, wounding four U.S. soldiers and raining debris over a wide area, police officials said. U.S. and Afghan security officials cordoned off the area, warning journalists not to take pictures or ask questions. But the charred remains of one car — presumably the one carrying the bomb — could be seen. "When our forces reached the scene of the explosion, they saw four American soldiers lying on the road covered in blood. They were seriously wounded," said Gen. Salim Khan, deputy police chief of Kandahar province. "I do not know if any of them died." Master Sgt. Ann Bennett, a spokeswoman for the U.S. military in Kabul, had no information about the incident. Kandahar is the main city in southern Afghanistan (news - web sites), and home to a large U.S. base. It has been the site of frequent attacks, usually against convoys making their way on dusty roads. -- Bastards! Andrew B.

 BAGHDAD, Iraq - American forces launched a "precision strike" Friday on insurgents tied to Jordanian terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi in the turbulent western city of Fallujah, the U.S. military said. The military said in a statement sent to The Associated Press that the attack was conducted in coordination with the Iraqi government. No casualties were reported.

 RIYADH (AFP) - Six militants in total surrendered to Saudi authorities taking up the offer of royal amnesty which has expired, while 12 most-wanted terror suspects remained at large. Saudi authorities hunting down militants behind a wave of deadly attacks in the kingdom did not extend the one-month amnesty despite calls for allowing militants more time to come forward. Two suspects wanted in security-related matters surrendered on the last day of the amnesty period, bringing the total number to six. Only one is on the kingdom's 26 most-wanted list. Fawzan al-Fawzan was the latest to turn himself in to authorities. He arrived late Thursday with his family in Riyadh after surrendering to the Saudi embassy in Damascus. Another militant, Fayez al-Khushman al-Dossari turned himself in earlier the same evening in the western city of Taef, hours before the end of the amnesty offer. Ibrahim al-Sadek al-Kaydi al-Harbi and Khaled bin Odeh bin Mohammed al-Harbi both surrendered last week and were extradited from Damascus and Tehran, respectively. -- Yeah...he looks like he's really scared of the Saudi Iron Fist of Justice. The guy looks like the Arabian version of Balki from Perfect Strangers (esoteric '80s reference). He looks like he is about to go on vacation. Something tells me he is going in a deep dark dungeon with some scary looking people for a long time. That's the vacation he's getting. Bon voyage! This is probably the first and ONLY time you are going to see this guy. Consider him dead now. Andrew B.

 In the summer of 2001, shortly before the September 11 attacks, Khaled Sheikh Mohammed, mastermind of the terrorist plot against the US, suggested to Osama bin Laden that al-Qaida recruit a Saudi pilot "to commandeer a Saudi fighter jet and attack the Israeli city of Eilat," the final report of the national commission investigating the attacks says. Bin Laden, the 567-page report released in Washington on Thursday says, reportedly "liked this proposal" but urged Mohammed to focus on the 9/11 operation first. Earlier in 2001, at Bin Laden's direction, Mohammed had also dispatched an al-Qaida operative "to case potential economic and 'Jewish targets' in New York City." Scattered through the report are references to al-Qaida's desire to strike at Israeli and Jewish targets as well as American ones. Bin Laden, as has been reported, had urged Mohammed to advance the date of the attacks so they could coincide with the controversy over Ariel Sharon's visit to the Temple Mount in September 2000. Bin Laden, so eager to get the plot going, told Mohammed it would be "enough for the hijackers simply to down planes rather than crash them into specific targets." Mohammed, who was captured in 2003, says he "resisted the pressure." -- Eilat is a small port town at the bottom of Israel...pretty much secluded from the rest of Israel by the Negev desert. I am not sure what they would have accomplished by doing this seeing that not many people live in Eilat and it's not a major city like Tel Aviv or Jerusalem. We know why they probably chose such a location...because the security and because there was probably few Muslims in that city. If they did an attack in Jerusalem it could kill hundreds of "Palestinians" not that it would matter to such a madman as Osama. I am sure the Israeli intelligence knows all about this and other plots against it. Never bet against Israel when it's back is up against the wall. NEVER. Andrew B.

 MADRID, Spain - The official death toll in the Madrid train bombings climbed to 191 after the Interior Ministry added an infant whose mother was injured in the attack while pregnant with the child. The infant died May 10, two days after he was born. His family said the child died because of injuries his pregnant mother suffered in the March 11 bombings blamed on al-Qaida. The ministry officially accepted that claim Wednesday, allowing the family to apply for compensation benefits, a spokesman told The Associated Press on Thursday. The official tally of people wounded in the attack is about 1,600, said the official. Previous tallies exceeded 2,000 for the bombings, Spain's worst terror attack. Also, Spain will increase the number of police officers dedicated to fighting the "new threat" of terrorism from one brigade to three, National Police Director Victor Garcia Hidalgo said Thursday. Some 650 more officers will be trained, including 22 translators, said Hidalgo, Diaz de Mera's replacement. More than 50 people have been arrested and 16 people, mostly Moroccans, jailed in connection with the bombings. -- My thoughts and prays are with this kid. The kid didn't even have a chance. That's sad. I am beyond words right now. I am so infuriated and enraged I can just punch a wall. These terrorists need to be stopped at all costs. I do not want to read about this crap again. These animals prey upon the weak and innocent. Bastards. Andrew B.

 KUWAIT CITY - Security forces have detained about 20 Islamic fundamentalists for recruiting Kuwaiti teenagers to fight the U.S.-led multinational force in Iraq (news - web sites), a pro-government newspaper reported Thursday. Quoting anonymous "security sources," the Al-Anba newspaper said the detainees were arrested Wednesday and that they included foreigners. Some detainees had fought in Afghanistan (news - web sites). The report could not be independently confirmed. Calls to Interior Ministry officials were not answered Thursday. Reports in the press and postings on Islamic Web sites have said many Kuwaiti extremists have gone to Iraq to fight against U.S.-led troops. The government has not confirmed such reports. Iraqi and American officials have accused some neighbors of Iraq of failing to prevent fighters from crossing their borders to join the insurgency that has bedeviled Iraq since Saddam Hussein (news - web sites) was toppled in April 2003. In a meeting in Cairo on Wednesday, the neighboring states — Jordan, Syria, Iran, Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Kuwait — responded to Iraq's plea for security assistance by agreeing to hold a high-level meeting to address the issue of cross-border infiltration. Kuwait was a launch pad for the war in Iraq, and has been a major Washington ally since the United States led the 1991 Gulf War (news - web sites) that liberated it from a seven-month Iraqi occupation. -- These guys are like roaches...if you see one, there has to be like 2000 others somewhere near by. But unlike the incests these terrorists will be destroyed once and for all. Andrew B.

 By Shlomo Shamir NEW YORK - Israel made clear to senior European officials at United Nations headquarters yesterday that "it will be very difficult in the future to include the EU as a party in efforts to advance the peace process," after the European Union joined the sweeping majority that passed an extreme resolution on the separation fence. In a round of talks with EU representatives, Israeli diplomats stated that "the atmosphere created at the UN following passage of a one-sided resolution makes it doubtful that the EU, UN, and Quartet will be able to play the role of honest broker." Israel said that by backing the resolution, "EU countries ignored even Israel's right to defend itself. How can Israel place its future in your hands?" The new United States ambassador to the UN, John Danforth, declared the resolution "utterly one-sided," since it "refrains from mentioning the threat of terror hovering over Israel." Danforth added that the resolution "is part of a long series of one-sided resolutions passed by the assembly, and which contributed nothing to advancing peace in the Middle East." Several European ambassadors tried to assuage Israel's anger. "We succeeded in balancing the wording of the resolution," a senior European diplomat told an Israeli colleague. Senior EU officials also pledged that "we won't support additional measures that [Nasser] al-Kidwa is planning," referring to the PLO observer to the UN. The resolution submitted by the Arab group passed Tuesday by a wide margin, with 150 member nations in favor, 6 against, and 10 abstaining. The six voting against were the U.S., Israel, Australia, the Marshall Islands, Micronesia, and Palau. A resolution passed by the assembly is non-binding and has mostly symbolic significance. However from Israel's standpoint, this is a severe resolution through which the PLO is striving to create the basis for intensifying Israel's isolation and sanctions against it, like those imposed on South Africa under apartheid. Furthermore, on the matter of the separation fence, the UN assembly will now wield what diplomats yesterday called "a whip dangled in front of Israel," to be lifted whenever the Palestinians see fit. Diplomats and commentators in New York speculated that al-Kidwa will not call upon the Security Council to convene before US elections in November, but will request in September that the emergency session of the assembly reconvene to discuss Israel's ongoing refusal to comply with Tuesday's resolution. The vote's tally was interpreted as a stinging diplomatic blow to Israel. By contrast, the fact that the majority included nations that are deemed quality members was seen as an impressive diplomatic achievement by al-Kidwa. In recent days, al-Kidwa orchestrated a focused and exceptionally skilled diplomatic effort behind the scenes, particularly vis-a-vis EU nations, which resulted in one of the most pro-Palestinian votes in UN history. Veteran commentators observed that Israel also engaged in energetic diplomatic activity to reduce the extent of the expected majority and to increase the number of abstentions. Diplomatic sources singled out efforts by Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom, who met with European counterparts until the last minute to persuade them to abstain. Shalom "said harsh things" to them, according to sources, and was especially forceful during a meeting Tuesday with the Dutch foreign minister, who is the current EU president. A mere hour before the vote, EU ambassadors agreed that their 25 members would abstain, and the Dutch ambassador even rushed to inform al-Kidwa of this decision. At the last moment, however, France backed by Sweden blocked a final decision to abstain and pushed fellow members to support the resolution. "It was the French connection that delivered Europeans' support for the resolution," a Western diplomat who wished to remain anonymous told Haaretz yesterday. "In behind-the-scene negotiations over the wording of the resolution, it was sometimes hard to distinguish between the eagerness of the PLO observer al-Kidwa and that displayed by French Ambassador [Jean-Marc de la] Sabliere," the diplomat added. Commentators in New York said France's position might have been influenced by their fury over Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's call for French Jews to move to Israel. EU officials explained their vote by citing al-Kidwa's last minute consent to modify the wording by adding a clause demanding that the Palestinians "take visible measures to stop and prevent individuals or organizations from planning or carrying out violent acts." For the sake of balance, another clause demanded that Israel "refrain from taking steps that undermine trust - including deportation and counter-offensives against civilians - and cease illegal acts of killing." -- I always say this with such pleasure. FUCK FRANCE! Andrew B.

 By ARSEN MOLLAYEV, Associated Press Writer MAKHACHKALA, Russia - Twin explosions outside an Interior Ministry police base in Dagestan wounded eight people Thursday, the latest in a series of bombings and criminal violence that has shaken the region bordering Chechnya (news - web sites). Nobody claimed responsibility for the two homemade, remote-controlled bombs, which twisted the gates at the paramilitary police base and shattered the windows on two buses bringing ministry employees to work for the day. One of the bus drivers, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said his bus had just passed through the base's gates and the second bus was pulling up when the first bomb exploded at 7:45 a.m. The blast left a 3-foot-wide crater in the road and sent shattered glass flying through both buses. One man lost an eye and a woman suffered serious skull fractures, authorities said. The second bomb, which caused no injuries, exploded about 10 minutes later, across the road from the base, officials said. Demolition experts said the homemade, remote-controlled bombs each exploded with the force of 11 pounds of TNT. -- Chechens fight a dirty fight. Disgusting. Andrew B.

 WASHINGTON — A report of a bomb aboard a Turkish merchant ship Thursday forced the U.S. Coast Guard (search) to escort the vessel away from the port of Philadelphia and anchor it near the mouth of the Delaware River, where it flows into the Atlantic Ocean, senior Defense officials told FOX News. The ship's master became irritated with the length of time a routine Coast Guard search was taking and made comments about a possible explosion, officials said. He refused to allow authorities to search certain portions of the vessel, called the Cenk Kaptanoglu (search). But the captain later told authorities he'd been joking about the bomb, officials told FOX News. The ship had not yet been boarded for its second inspection. Still, the Coast Guard took his comments "very seriously" and planned to conduct a "multi-agency" search, officials told FOX News. A spokesman told The Associated Press that the Coast Guard had "no evidence whatsoever" that there actually was a bomb on board the vessel. The Coast Guard confirmed that the ship was regarded prior to this incident as a "high-interest vessel," meaning authorities had been tracking its previous movements. "We did a risk-based analysis, and decided to proceed with the inspections," a Coast Guard official told FOX.

 Last week, the UN voted to condemn the security fence Israel is building in the West Bank. Only four states opposed the resolution – Israel, the US, and a pair of tiny north Pacific nations. Here, Daniella Peled looks at why the Marshall Islands and Micronesia have been among the staunchest allies of the Jewish state. The United Nations has long been a lonely place for the state of Israel. In 1947, the international body voted in favour of the partition of Palestine and the creation of a Jewish state. But since then, votes in Israel’s favour have been rarer than a pork chop at a barmitzvah. The security council has directed one third of its resolutions against Israel, with the Jewish state coming in for criticism in an astonishing one in four of the commission on human rights pronouncements. And it was only in 1991 that the UN repealed the notorious resolution 3379 of 1975, which equated Zionism with racism. The retraction itself was opposed by every Arab member state. In the face of such overwhelmingly hostility, America has traditionally been Israel’s closest UN buddy. But the world’s biggest super power is not Israel’s sole ally. The Marshall Islands and Micronesia, two nations made up of a sprinkling of coral atolls and islets across the vastness of the Pacific ocean, have consistently stood against the UN’s “automatic majority”. At first glance the island nations, whose inhabitants are more likely to be found snacking on a taro root than munching on a falafel, seem unlikely comrades for the Jewish state. Micronesia, made up of four states of Kosrae, Pohnpei, Chuuk and Yap covering around 600 islands, has less than 110,000 inhabitants and boasts an export economy based on fish and selling its internet domain name -.fm - to radio stations. And the Marshall Islands, with a population of just 51,000, may be most famous for providing the inspiration behind the bikini swimsuit, after it allowed the US to carry out nuclear tests on the eponymous island. But their relations with Israel go back to the very early days of their foundation as nation states. After the second world war, both the Marshall Islands and Micronesia came under US control until they achieved independence in 1986. Amid confusion over their status, which delayed the establishment of international ties, Israel took the initiative to set up diplomatic relations in 1988, three years before the island nations entered the UN. Micronesian ambassador to the UN, Masao Nakayama, told LJN: “Israel was the first country from that part of the world to recognize Micronesia, and did so while many countries still questioned the legitimacy of Micronesia’s statehood. “Israel proceeded quickly to name an ambassador to Micronesia and to provide technical assistance. For these, Micronesia is ever grateful.” The assistance Israel provides to both sets of remote islands has come largely in the form of numerous aid missions, organised by the centre for international cooperation at Israel’s foreign ministry. -- Read the rest on the website. It's really incredible. Andrew B.

 --Oy Vey...Look at the punims of these two...The last time I saw faces like these, they had hooks in them.-- LAS VEGAS – After being booed and kicked off the property, will Linda Ronstadt return to the Aladdin Hotel here and sing on stage with "Fahrenheit 9/11" director Michael Moore? It might be a good bet, as the resort casino on the Las Vegas Strip is likely to get a new owner soon – an owner who didn't object to Ronstadt publicly announcing her support for the controversial filmmaker. "Upon the assumption of ownership, and with a new management team in place, we would like to offer the use of the Theatre of Performing Arts to Linda Ronstadt for a second concert and further to take Michael Moore up on his offer to join her on stage to introduce her and sing a song," said Planet Hollywood CEO Robert Earl, who is awaiting approval by the Nevada Gaming Commission to become Aladdin's new owner. "We respect artists' creativity and support their rights to express themselves," said Earl. "We were very sorry to hear about the unfortunate circumstances of this past Saturday night and want to make it clear that Planet Hollywood has never, in our 13-year history, restricted any artists' right to free speech and we will continue with that policy once we take ownership." -- Why is it only free speech, when they want to talk, but when the owner of this business kicks her out it's not free speech. Andrew B.

 --I have seem many funeral pictures from Israel, but this one is really powerful. You can feel this guy's pain. It's tangible. My heart goes out to all victims of senseless and meaningless terrorism.--

 --When Yassir Arafat took the stage and started to breakdance, the local "Palestinian" hip hop crew went nutz.--

 By HAMZA HENDAWI, Associated Press Writer SULAIMANIYAH, Iraq - The decision to hand the top jobs of president and prime minister to Iraqi Arabs has alarmed the country's Kurdish minority, reviving old suspicions across ethnic lines and setting the stage for a divisive political battle over a new constitution. Kurdish fears over their place in the new Iraq (news - web sites) had already been heightened when the United Nations (news - web sites) refused to endorse an interim Iraqi constitution that guarantees their rights in this mostly Arab nation. Both slights are perceived by Kurds as part of a long series of double-crosses suffered at the hands of Iraqi Arabs and foreign powers since creation of the modern Iraqi state by colonial Britain after World War I. -- Compromise is never easy, but you will get through it. Andrew B.

 --Like bees swarming to their hive-- GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - Two Palestinians were killed Thursday when their car exploded in a Gaza City neighborhood, witnesses and medical officials said. The witnesses said the car, a white Subaru, was traveling in the Zeitoun neighborhood, and Israeli helicopters were flying overhead at the time. The Israeli military said it was not aware of the incident. Israel frequently targets Palestinian militants with missiles fired from helicopter gunships. -- Must be another "Work Accident". Thank g-d these terrorists are complete morons and idiots. Andrew B.

 Hizbullah is worse than al-Qaida, a top IDF general warned Tuesday. "We recognize Hizbullah as one of the most dangerous terrorist groups in the world at this time. They are involved and effective not only in this region, but also with what is happening in Iraq. They are international arms and capabilities. This organization is much more organized and established than all of the other terrorist organizations and is potentially more dangerous than al-Qaida," said Maj.-Gen. Israel Ziv, head of IDF Operations Directorate. -- What would give you that impression? (sarcasm) Andrew B.

 By Rachel Ehrenfeld FrontPageMagazine.com | July 22, 2004 The news about Arafat’s demise proved yet again to be premature. He is continuing to demonstrate that despite tottering under the failure of the Intifada against the Israelis, the Bush Administration's disgust, the UN envoy Terje Roed-Larsen’s reprimand, and even the growing resentment of a large portion of the Palestinian population, he is still the boss and no changes or agreements regarding the Palestinians can be made without him. He is determined to maintain control over the situation, because he can – he holds the keys to the vault. Never mind the protests against his and his cronies’ corruption, nepotism and the growing violence and chaos in the territories. And never mind the concession Arafat had to make in removing his cousin, Musa Arafat, whom he just appointed to head the Gaza Security Forces. Arafat’s control of the stolen wealth of the PLO and the Palestinian Authority enables him to continue to call the shots and shoot down, yet again, the prospect of a viable Palestinian State. Jawad Ghussein, who was the secretary-general of the Palestinian National Fund until 1996, remarked yesterday on the phone from London, "the billions Arafat has stolen over the years from the Palestinian people facilitated the corruption of the Palestinian leadership, and is the source of his power over them." He went on to say that Arafat "took aid money and contributions that were earmarked for the Palestinian people, to his own account." Ghussein was in a position to know: for twelve years, he had deposited $7.5 to $8 million each month into Arafat's personal bank account. -- You think with all the money he has stolen from the "Palestinians" over the years he could buy a new suit or even a new red folder? Andrew B.

 The increasing anarchy in the Palestinian Authority has prompted increasing attacks on PA Chairman Yasser Arafat in the Arab press, with columnists blaming him for the anarchy and corruption in the PA, and calling on him to resign. The following are excerpts from several articles: Editor of Kuwaiti Daily Al-Siyassa: Arafat, Like Saddam, Has Led His People to Terrorism, Destruction, and Death Ahmad Jarallah, editor of the Kuwaiti daily Al-Siyassa, wrote in an editorial: "Finally, the Palestinians have begun today to take the reins into their own hands. They have begun to act directly against Arafat's men, the czars of corruption… Arafat himself must go, as head of the corrupt PA and as someone whose political survival is pointless – particularly when the military arm of the Fatah organization that he heads is accusing him of responsibility for this tragedy… "Arafat has destroyed the foundation of the life of the Palestinian people, and led it to terrorism, destruction, and pointless death out of despair. He has torn the land apart, as Saddam Hussein tore the Iraqi homeland apart and humiliated his people. This man has entered the stage of political idiocy that is manifested by clinging to power and hoping for longevity. "The leader of the corruption is Arafat himself, and the first to know this are the Arab leaders… Clearing the path to peace or to the road map will be impossible as long as this man, who abuses the lives of his people in order to survive, remains [in power]." [1] -- I am truly surprised that they would FINALLY blame Arafat for something. Usually, it a Zionist conspiracy against the Arabs and Muslims. What's with the reversal of fortune for Arafat? Andrew B.

 By Paul Carrel PARIS (Reuters) - Sudan warned Britain and the United States not to interfere in its internal affairs Thursday after British Prime Minister Tony Blair (news - web sites) said he had not ruled out military aid to help combat the crisis in the Darfur region. "I don't understand why Britain and the United States are systematically increasing pressure against us and not operating through the United Nations (news - web sites)," Sudanese Foreign Minister Mustafa Osman Ismail said on a visit to Paris. "(This) pressure closely resembles the increased pressure that was put on Iraq (news - web sites) (before the war)," he said. -- It's the Genocide, STUPID! So, it is bad to step into another country that is unwilling to stop a genocide? Where is this guy getting his falafel from...Planet Mohammad? BIZARRO MOMENT! Andrew B.

 ANKARA, Turkey - A high-speed train derailed in northwestern Turkey Thursday, killing a number of passengers, private NTV television reported. Four cars of the train overturned near the town of Pamukova in Sakarya province, the station said. The cause of the accident was not known. Journalist Oguz Dizer who was traveling in the area told NTV television that dozens of people were killed or injured in the accident. "The scene is one of carnage," Dizer said. "There are people lying all over the place." He said soldiers had arrived on the scene to help the injured. -- Talk about a bad day in Turkey. What else could befall these people today? Andrew B.

 ANKARA, Turkey - A small bomb exploded in an empty restaurant in southeastern Turkey on Thursday, causing some damage but no injuries, the Anatolia news agency reported. The restaurant — located in Mazgirt, a town in the predominantly Kurdish province of Tunceli — was closed at the time of the blast, the agency said. Nobody claimed responsibility. Paramilitary police launched an investigation into the attack, the agency said. Autonomy-seeking Kurdish rebels have carried out bomb attacks in the region in the past. Militant leftist and Islamic groups also are active in Turkey. Turkey's overwhelmingly Kurdish southeast has seen a surge in violence since the rebels announced June 1 that they were giving up a five-year unilateral cease-fire, saying Turkey had not responded in kind. Tunceli is about 480 miles east of the capital, Ankara.

 -- I predict within 20 years much of southern and eastern Europe will have a large if not a majority of Muslim residence. Knock knock Europe...we're back! This time, when we come...we are not bearing Mohammad's Sword...we are bearing LOTS of children. The negative birth rate among Europeans is unbelievable, however the birth rate among Muslim immigrants is sky rocketing. With a decline in local population and an increase of immigrant population within a generation or two many countries such as France, Bulgaria, Russia, etc...could have a larger minority of Muslims that do not want to assimilate into these respective countries. So what are they going to do? Make Arabic the second language and have all the kids become bilingual? If you have a very large portion of your society that does NOT want to assimilate into your culture, you're in for some rocky roads ahead. The fact that these people are Muslim is sort of secondary for this arguement. It really has to do more with birth rates. This can happen anywhere. For example...let's say in Israel. What if 50,000 Buddhists moved to Israel every year and each of these 50,000 people had 8 kids. You can see a huge population emerging within about 10 years. This is exactly what is happening in Europe and the Europeans could care less. 3 important things to remember: 1. Borders 2. Language 3. Culture When you lose these very three things...you cease to exist as a people. Without your own borders you cannot function as a people. You have no safety, no refuge, no home. Without your own language, nothing seperates you from the next peoples. Distinct language is part of being somebody else and unique. Without that, you become someone else. And without culture, your entire being is going to revolved around something different. The whole point to a specific culture is to be unique and carry on the traditional values of that culture. When you assimilate into another society (i.e. - an Algerian living in France), one expects this person to function in a way that is within the social values and cultural norms of the host country. You can't just walk around and only speak Arabic and expect everyone else to as well. You have to learn the local customs and blend in, but at the same time keeping your traditions as well. It sounds kind of contradictory and it is, but you have to learn the middle ground. There has to be some sort of concessions on the part of the immigrant. After all they are the ones coming into another land. What would happen if 300,000 Norwegian people moved to Saudi Arabia (What an extreme, I know). Besdies the fact that they would all be dhimmized and probably killed as soon as they arrived. Putting that aside. Do you think the local population of Riyahd would even try to learn Norwegian? I highly doubt it. Then why is it that these Muslim immigrants refuse to learn the local dialects (i.e.-Dutch, French, English, etc...) It just seems BIZARRO to me. Andrew B.

 By STEVE WEIZMAN, Associated Press Writer TEL AVIV, Israel - The European Union (news - web sites)'s foreign policy chief said during a visit to Israel on Thursday that the Jewish state's West Bank separation barrier violates international law and would be just as effective if built on Israeli territory. Javier Solana's comments came just two days after the 25-nation EU infuriated Israeli leaders by supporting a U.N. General Assembly resolution calling on Israel to tear down the barrier in compliance with a world court ruling. "We have respect for the right of the country to construct a fence in its own territory but we do think that the route that the fence has taken is not one that is compatible with international law," Solana said during a joint news conference with Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom. Moments earlier, Shalom said, "The government and people of Israel are deeply disappointed by Europe's decision to vote with the Palestinians and against the fence." -- Do I really have to say anything on this one? Ok...I'll say something...what a surprise. Andrew B.

 SRINAGAR, India (AFP) - Twelve people were killed in separate clashes in Indian Kashmir (news - web sites), while homes and shops were gutted in a gunbattle in the troubled Himalayan territory, police said. An Indian paramilitary trooper was killed in a landmine explosion on a highway in the Singhpora village of northern Baramulla district mid-afternoon Thursday, police said. "The mine was planted on the edge of a road and exploded when a paramilitary man stepped over it," a police spokesman said, adding the victim died on the spot. The victim was part of a security patrol, he said. Indian troops, meanwhile, shot dead five rebels in northern Kupwara district Thursday, police said, adding that 13 houses, two shops and seven cowsheds were gutted in a fire that broke out during the clash in Tikipora village. -- I wonder who started the flare up hmmmm...damn those Buddhists. They are so full of rage and thoughts of decapitation. (sarcasm) Andrew B.

 By RAVI NESSMAN, Associated Press Writer BAGHDAD, Iraq - Iraqi police have found a decapitated body in an orange jumpsuit on the banks of the Tigris River in northern Iraq (news - web sites), police said Thursday, while Bulgaria said a headless body found last week has been identified as a Bulgarian truck driver who had been taken captive. The identity of the body discovered Wednesday night in Beiji, 155 miles north of Baghdad, was not immediately clear, police said. The U.S. military and the Iraqi Interior Ministry said they had no information on the recent discovery. The Bulgarian Foreign Ministry confirmed that a decapitated body was found. Taha Abdullah, a police official in Beiji, told The Associated Press that alongside the body found Wednesday was a head in a sack. "U.S. troops took the body to a hospital in Tikrit," Abdullah said. -- Whoever it is..at least his family can some sort of closure (as soon as they identify him). I know that is not saying much, but I feel this person should be remembered for good reason. He was part of something bigger, something really important to the Iraqis. He was part of freedom's long arm. Andrew B.

 By AHMED AL-HAJ, Associated Press Writer SAN'A, Yemen - An accidental explosion of dynamite in storage killed at least 16 people and leveled a three-story building in a northern Yemeni village early Thursday, a police official said. Rescuers were searching for possible survivors in the rubble of the building in Hababa, a village in Omran province some 40 miles north of the capital San'a, the police official said. The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the explosion was accidental and police were discounting sabotage or terrorism. However, it was not clear what set off the dynamite, which was stored in the building's basement. The dynamite belonged to a weapons dealer and such explosives are generally used for mining purposes, the official added. Weapons are widely available in Yemen, a poor, tribal country in the southern Arabian Peninsula. Authorities estimate there are an estimated 60 million firearms, or three for each citizen, in the country. Yemeni tribesmen frequently carry weapons and often reach for them to settle disputes. Parliament, in which tribal chiefs are strongly represented, has long postponed debate on a government-proposed bill to ban firearms from the streets of major cities. -- Might be a "WORK ACCIDENT" like in GAZA. Must be those pesky Christians making those homicide belts again. (Sarcasm). Andrew B.

 By EDITH M. LEDERER, Associated Press Writer UNITED NATIONS - Six weeks after the U.N. Security Council authorized a separate force to protect U.N. staff in Iraq (news - web sites), Secretary-General Kofi Annan (news - web sites) said Wednesday that the world body has not received a single firm commitment of troops. Annan said if the 191 U.N. member states want the United Nations (news - web sites) to play a major role in helping Iraq prepare for elections, draft a constitution, and rebuild the country they must ensure adequate security for U.N. personnel. "Without that security, we cannot really deploy in any sizeable number," he said. Security is an especially sensitive issue as the first anniversary of the Aug. 19, 2003, bombing of U.N. headquarters in Baghdad approaches. That blast killed 22 people, including top U.N. envoy Sergio Vieira de Mello. -- Hey why don't you send those troops with the BRIGHT BLUE HELMETS...so the terrorists can see them from far away and snipe them one by one. Kofi-cake you never cease to amaze me on how ridiculous you sound. Andrew B.

 PARIS - Sudanese Foreign Minister Mustafa Osman Ismail on Thursday accused the United States and Britain of putting unfair pressure on the African country to resolve the crisis in Darfur, and suggested the two Western nations were repeating diplomatic steps they took before invading Iraq (news - web sites) last year. "The increase in pressure from the United States and Great Britain is ... the same as the increase in pressure that they put against Iraq," Ismail said at a news conference in Paris. Ismail also said a draft resolution being considered by the U.N. Security Council that would place sanctions on Sudan if it fails to act against Arab-backed militias would serve no purpose except to complicate matters. "I don't know how such a resolution can be effective. We don't need any resolutions," he said. He said Sudan had arrested 100 members of the militia, known as Janjaweed, and were preparing to put them on trial. A day earlier, Jan Pronk, the U.N. special envoy to Sudan, said the Sudanese government has made "no progress whatsoever" to rein in the militia. Ismail said Sudan needed time to settle the problem. The United States has been pushing for a Security Council resolution to impose sanctions on the Sudanese government which has been accused of supporting Arab militias blamed for atrocities against the black African population. -- Hey guess what buddy? Your time is running out and fast. So let me get this straight...you need more time so your Arab population can kill more innocent Black people in the Southern Dafur region. Ok, I see you want to make sure all the "darkies" are taken out. Hmmm...sounds familar like...Nazi Germany circa 1933-1945. So you let us know when enough innocent blodd has been shed and then we'll stop with the pressure. Is this guy for real? Complaining about us putting pressure on them? Hey Mr. Ismail, wake up your people...(The ARABS) are destoying entire cultures committing genocide and the only thing you can do is criticize us for putting pressure on you? Where did you learn your political values, France? This is pathetic and there is no excuse for it. Get out there and stop these savages from killing anymore innocent Sudanese people you fucking MORON! It's that simple because if you don't do it soon (as in right now) we are going to go in and do it for you. Andrew B.

 By RODRIQUE NGOWI, Associated Press Writer NAIROBI, Kenya - The Kenyan government on Thursday called on all its citizens to leave Iraq (news - web sites) immediately, and a government spokesman urged Iraqi militants to free three Kenyan hostages. A group calling itself "The Holders of the Black Banners," announced Wednesday it had abducted the Kenyans, three Indians and an Egyptian. The group said it would behead a captive every 72 hours beginning Saturday night if their countries do not announce their intentions to withdraw troops and citizens from Iraq. "We assure them that Kenya has no intent of interfering with the lives of the Iraqi people and that we are discouraging our citizens from participating in work that takes them to Iraq," government spokesman Alfred Mutua said. Neither India, Kenya nor Egypt is part of the 160,000-member U.S.-led military coalition in Iraq. However, interim Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi appealed last week to India and Egypt to send in troops. More than 60 foreigners have been taken hostage in recent months in Iraq, where thousands of foreigners toil as contract workers for coalition forces, in crucial reconstruction jobs or as truck drivers hauling cargo for private companies. -- Here we go again. Can you feel the laughing from the terrorists? I can and it is making me sick. Andrew B.

 It's been the misfortune of the Palestinian people to be stuck with Yasir Arafat as their founding father, a leader who has failed to make the transition from romantic revolutionary to statesman. All he seems capable of offering Palestinians now is a communal form of the martyrdom he seems to covet. Mr. Arafat should accept his limitations and retire as president of the Palestinian Authority. The Israeli occupation, with all its excesses, remains the last prop for Mr. Arafat's popularity, and even that has lost its power to insulate him from serious political challenges. Encouragingly, Palestinians, increasingly fed up with Mr. Arafat's corruption, cronyism and deafness to their needs and aspirations, are becoming more assertive about demanding change. In the fall of 2002, members of Mr. Arafat's own Fatah movement mounted the first open political rebellion and forced Mr. Arafat to fire his entire cabinet and ostensibly cede some power to a prime minister in early 2003. That process has not worked, as Mr. Arafat has clung to power, and the Gaza Strip's ongoing descent into lawlessness is emboldening calls for change, which will only intensify as an Israeli withdrawal from the territory draws closer. Mr. Arafat didn't help his cause there when he picked a relative, Mousa Arafat, to be the new security chief. This week, the Palestinian prime minister, Ahmed Qurei, one of the most loyal of Mr. Arafat's lieutenants and the chief negotiator of the Oslo agreements, proffered his resignation. "The very fabric of Palestinian society is coming apart," he said. Mr. Arafat's Palestinian Authority has become so discredited in Gaza that more people now look to Hamas, the radical Islamist movement, to provide some stability. Nor do Mr. Arafat's longstanding international benefactors pretend any longer that he is capable of responsibly governing a sovereign state if he ever got the chance. The retirement of Mr. Arafat, who is 74, would allow the creation of a more credible Palestinian government that could garner international support and claim the moral high ground in the confrontation with Mr. Arafat's equally stubborn nemesis, Ariel Sharon. -- Can it be..the World's Oldest Terrorist (Yassir Arafat) and the World's Oldest Propaganda Tiolet Paper (NYTimes) have broken up? I mean we all know they were dating. It was quite the love affair wouldn't you say? For years and years the Old Gray Lady would write article after article about how Arafat was so great and wonderful. Oh and don't forget all the anti-Israel / anti-Semetic dialogue that both embraced so dearly. Oh the good "Times" . (Ha! no pun intended...because we all know there were NEVER any good times when either Arafat or the NYTimes were in charge of leading people off a cliff like lemmings.) Andrew B.

 urlLink urlLink -- A must have in any collection. Nothing says class like havng the World's Oldest Terrorist on your wrist. Ahhh...I can see the conversations starting now..."My what an amazing watch you have there...Oh it's Yassir Arafat, the freedom fighter. I can't wait to ask my mother for this watch, so that I can show off to my Liberal friends that I can be "TOLERANT" of other cultures. Also, nothing says intelligence like having a baby killer strapped to your skin like a sweaty t-shirt in late August in Gaza. Notice on the second image how they have to emphasize that "Palestine" is their land. Also, this guy is farming in what looks like a field...correct me if I am wrong, but there were no farms there before Israel became a state in 1948. It was all desert. The "Palestinians" should be thanking the Israelis for their advanced crop growing techniques. Andrew B.

 By PAUL GARWOOD, Associated Press Writer BAQOUBA, Iraq - An insurgency that just won't die is leaving American troops in the field wondering if they are going to be next. "Is it likely we will lose somebody else? Yes, it is," said Capt. Thomas H. Johnson Jr., who leads one of the coalition's most battle-scarred units, based in Baghdad. "But all we can do is be as ready as possible." Johnson's soldiers in the 3rd Brigade's reconnaissance team, more than any others in the U.S. 1st Infantry Division, know all about being prepared for battle; their casualty rate is above 25 percent, including six deaths since April. The death toll of U.S. troops killed in Iraq (news - web sites) since the war began last year reached 900 early Wednesday when another 1st Infantry Division soldier was killed. His Bradley fighting vehicle struck a roadside bomb in Duluiyah, 45 miles north of Baghdad. -- With journalism like this...who needs an enemy? I mean really, does this guy want us to lose the war? I particularly like how this putz likes to editorialize instead of just give the news... An insurgency that just won't die Does anyone care about ethics anymore or is it just me? What happened to old fashioned journalism that told exactly what was happening...without any bias or spin? Andrew B.

 Savage Palestinian crowd waves interior body parts of butchered human victim. -- This is is my memo to Kofi-cake Annan and the UN. These are the people you are expecting Israel to negotiate with. Take a good long hard look at what Israel has to deal with. This is the face of evil and you expect Israel to just hold up her hands and say ok we give up...you win. I have a great idea...let's give them a state of their own so that they can gather "LEGAL" armed forces and attack the Jews. No. Israel will not and should not give in to "international" pressure to concede land to a bunch of madmen. If I were Israel, I would hold out my hand and stick my middle finger up and say, "FUCK YOU ALL! We are going to protect our people. Who the FUCK are you to tell me I can't defend my children, mother, uncle, friend, business, property, etc? You know what? Go fuck yourself!" That is what I would say. Andrew B.

 By JOHN SOLOMON and TED BRIDIS, Associated Press Writers WASHINGTON - Surveillance video from Washington Dulles International Airport the morning of Sept. 11, 2001, shows four of the five hijackers being pulled aside to undergo additional scrutiny after setting off metal detectors but then permitted to board the fateful flight that crashed into the Pentagon (news - web sites). The video shows an airport screener hand-checking the baggage of one hijacker, Nawaf al-Hazmi, for traces of explosives before letting him continue onto American Airlines Flight 77 with his brother, Salem, a fellow hijacker. The disclosure of the video comes one day before the release of the final report by the Sept. 11 commission, which is expected to include a detailed accounting of the events that day. Details in the grainy video are difficult to distinguish. But an earlier report by the commission describing activities at Dulles is consistent with the men's procession through airport security as shown on the video. -- I think these people that were searching the terrorists should be identified and brought to justice. Their incompetence killed. Obviously, I am Monday morning quarterbacking, but still. Andrew B.

 By Alexandra Williams NINE Afghans who hijacked a packed plane to get into Britain have won the right to live here. An angry backlash is expected after a judge decided that, although they are not entitled to asylum, they cannot return to their own country on human rights grounds. The Home Office said: "It's a one-up, one-down. The judge said we were right in not giving asylum but ruled we cannot send them back to Afghanistan. "We have to let them stay but we are appealing against this." The men, who opposed the Taliban, hijacked an Afghan jet at Kabul airport in February 2000 and forced it to fly to Stansted airport in Essex. They were armed with four guns, two hand grenades and a knife and threatened to kill some of the 173 people on board and destroy the plane unless they were allowed to live in Britain. After four days - Britain's longest airport siege - they surrendered. They did not deny taking over the plane but claimed they had acted under duress. The hijackers said they were in fear of their lives from the Taliban. After the siege, 74 of the passengers on board, some of them the men's relatives, asked for refugee status. Of those two families were allowed to stay. In January 2002, an Old Bailey found the men guilty of hijacking, possessing guns and explosives and false imprisonment and they were jailed for up to five years each. But in May last year, the Court of Appeal ruled their convictions were unsafe because the judge had made an error in law in summing up and could have misled the jury. They were freed. The case cost taxpayers nearly &30million - one of the most expensive battles in our legal history. The Home Office was to deport them last year but the men appealed. Their appeal, which went before the Immigration Appellate Authority in London in April, has pushed up the legal costs even more. And their continuing presence in Britain has been a huge embarrassment for the Government. Their lawyer has refused to talk about the case which was held behind closed doors with a security guard posted to keep the public out. But after repeated inquiries to Rachel Garstang's offices at Hammersmith Law Centre, West London, she eventually emailed the Daily Mirror to say: "We are not speaking to the press about these cases." -- This is just plain sick. WTF is going on in that country? Why should these terrorists be allowed citizenship? Andrew B.

 By Irwin Arieff UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The world is no safer than it was three years ago, U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan said on Wednesday, countering President Bush's claims he had made the world a safer place. Annan, at a news conference, also criticized a Bush administration decision to withhold $34 million from the U.N. Population Fund, saying the agency was saving women's lives. Annan's remarks could renew strains on ties between the United States and United Nations, which -- while devastated by Bush's inability to win U.N. backing for the U.S.-led war on Iraq -- had improved following U.N. help in setting up a new government in Baghdad in time for the U.S. occupation to end. "No, I cannot say the world is safer today than it was two, three years ago," the U.N. leader said. He was responding to a reporter who asked for comment on the Bush funding move and also whether Annan felt the world had become safer in the last two or three years. Bush, who has launched two wars since moving into the White House in January 2001, repeatedly asserts in campaign swings ahead of the Nov. 2 presidential election that his policies are making the world safer. "America is a safer place. Four more years and America will be safer and the world will be more peaceful," he said on Tuesday in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. "The world is a safer and better place as a result of (Iraqi leader) Saddam Hussein not being in power," he told NBC Television in February. The U.S. administration has withheld funding from the U.N. Population Fund, known as UNFPA, for three years, accusing it of supporting China's policy of coercive abortion. The fund has denied this and a State Department investigation in 2002 also cleared the agency of such charges. Family planning activists and some members of Congress have seen the U.S. move as a bid for conservative votes in November. Annan said the U.N. agency was doing "very essential work on reproductive health" and particularly in confronting the AIDS epidemic, which strikes so many women it "today has a woman's face and is producing so many orphans." "I hope governments will support UNFPA and not extend the decision not to fund its activities to other agencies," he said. -- Kofi-cake Annan is playing for points on this one. Yeah, that's right throw a bone to the Muslims like that. Yeah, make us look like we're idiots. When in reality, you're the liar and the fake. Hey Kofi...go FUCK YOURSELF! (sorry for the language) Andrew B.

 By Trudy Harris July 21, 2004 A FORMER supermarket stacker who allegedly plotted to take hostages during a terrorism attack on a government building was yesterday committed to stand trial. Magistrate Geoffrey Bradd committed Zeky "Zak" Mallah, 21, after hearing evidence he was prepared to die a martyr during his planned attack on the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade or ASIO buildings in Sydney. The alleged attack was revenge for the Federal Government's refusal to grant him a passport in 2002 so he could travel to Lebanon, Central Local Court in Sydney heard during a two-day committal hearing. The armed attack was also supposed to stop what he considered to be the "spying on" and "harassment of" Australian Muslims as part of the Government's security policy. The attack was foiled during an undercover anti-terrorism operation in the southwestern suburbs of Sydney last year. -- Fry him...that's all you have to do. Set an example, but then again they don't give a shit if they die. Andrew B.

 So stylish...so Islamic...so cool. With such features its any wonder why we all don't just convert and become a servant of Allah. Automatic date converter Hijri and Gregorian calendar Hijri Date on display Qibla direction by 5 methods Automatic with built in electronic device & special software to give automatic direction to Mecca Complete Holy Quran in Uthmanic font drawing in color Complete English translation for the Holy Quran meaning Complete English translation Powerful search engine through the Holy Quran Anywhere from more than 5000 cities Alarm user pre, post and on azan time Complete azan voice for prayer calls Azan voice for Mecca, Madina, and Cairo grate mosques Only one thing it doesn't have...an infidel radar...oh well I guess I will have to wait for the upgrade next Hajj. Andrew B.

 July 21, 2004 Presidential Determination No. 2004-40 MEMORANDUM FOR THE SECRETARY OF STATE SUBJECT: Eligibility of Iraq to Receive Defense Articles and Services Under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as Amended, and the Arms Export Control Act, as Amended Pursuant to the authority vested in me by the Constitution and the laws of the United States, including section 503(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, and section 3(a)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, I hereby find that the furnishing of defense articles and services to Iraq will strengthen the security of the United States and promote world peace. You are authorized and directed to report this finding to the Congress and to publish it in the Federal Register. GEORGE W. BUSH

 I am really sorry...but this was too cute not to post. This will never happen again unless its unavoidable...like the World's Smallest Cat... Andrew B.

 BAGHDAD — Iraqi Defense Minister Hazim Shaalan said Iraq's neighbors have been supporting the insurgency against Baghdad. He cited Iran as exercising "blatant interference" in Iraq's affairs. "They [Iranians] confess to the presence of their spies in Iraq who have a mission to upset the social and political situation," Shaalan said yesterday in an interview with the London-based A-Sharq Al Awsat. "Since the establishment of the Iraqi state, Iranian intrusion has been vast and unprecedented." The defense minister did not cite other states as supporting the insurgency. But other Iraqi officials said Syria has failed to stop Al Qaida-inspired volunteers from joining the insurgency. They said the Iraqi government has invited its neighbors to a conference to discuss security cooperation. "We are prepared to move the arena of the attacks on Iraq's honor and its rights to those countries," Shaalan said. -- We need more action and less words. Time to go knocking with a B-2 Stealth Bomber in Tehran. Shake the cage a bit. That'll wake em up. Andrew B.

 KANDAHAR, Afghanistan — Ten militant fighters were killed Wednesday when they attacked a U.S.-led force near the hometown Mullah Omar (search), the fugitive Taliban (search) leader, the American military said. "Approximately 40 enemy forces engaged the coalition soldiers who were conducting operations in the area," U.S. spokesman Maj. Rick Peat said in an e-mail. "Approximately 10 enemy forces were killed in action, and five were wounded and captured." Elsewhere, 11 Afghan militia soldiers were killed in an overnight ambush, underlining the violence that officials warn will increase in advance of presidential elections in October. Peat said five militants and five government soldiers also were wounded in the battle near Deh Rawood, 250 miles southwest of the Kabul. Deh Rawood mayor Amir Jan said three of the dead were brothers of a close associate of Omar. Uruzgan police claimed Tuesday to have captured Mullah Amanullah, a brother-in-law of Omar, after stopping his car near Deh Rawood. It was not clear what role Amanullah, who uses one name, held in the Taliban movement, which has fought frequent battles with American forces in the area this year. -- Good news of the day. Whenever I hear that we killed or captured some jihadis I feel much happier and safer. G-d bless our soldiers, our Allies and all who serve with them. Thank you for your sacrifices. You make us proud. Andrew B.

 -- Great article over at Internet Haganah. Aaron always has some of the best information on the internet when it comes to busting terrorist websites. Not to mention getting death threats from jihadis...I tip my hat to you Aaron. You are a brave man. A real mensch... Israel Security Agency (ISA) Director Avi Dichter told the Knesset Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee Tuesday that "Iran is trying to form a fifth column among Israeli Arabs" and "is trying to reach Israel Arabs through Hizballah." He reported that 12 Israeli Arabs have been arrested since the beginning of this year on suspicion of involvement in terrorist activities. Two were recruited by Hizballah, seven by Palestinian terror organizations, and three operated independently. Since the beginning of the violence, he reported, an average of 45-50 Israeli Arabs have been arrested each year on suspicion of involvement in terror. Dichter called Palestinian-controlled territory "an asylum for terrorists." He also noted that Palestinians were planning to smuggle anti-aircraft weaponry into Gaza. He said dozens of mortars, two tons of explosives, 330 anti-tank weapons, and 4,900 Kalashnikov rifles and machine guns had been smuggled into Gaza over the past year and a half.

 BAGHDAD, Iraq - A car bomb went off in the eastern part of Baghdad on Wednesday, killing four people, a Health Ministry official said. The blast occurred about 5:30 p.m. in the Baghdad al-Jadida district of the capital. "The ambulance we sent to the scene brought only four dead bodies," Saad el-Amili, the ministry official, told The Associated Press. There were no wounded. Associated Press Television News videotape showed at least three corpses covered in sheets, including one body that had been dismembered by the blast. The sedan used in the attack was reduced to a charred skeleton without a roof. The force of the blast seemed to have been confined to the narrow roadway where the car blew up. An unexploded artillery shell lay on the street. Car bombers routinely pack their vehicles with assorted ordinance. -- Must be those pesky Christians again...(sarcasm) Andrew B.

 -- I guess this is Israel's way of saying "FUCK YOU". By RAMIT PLUSHNICK-MASTI, Associated Press Writer JERUSALEM - Israel's construction of its West Bank barrier went ahead full force Wednesday, hours after the U.N. General Assembly called for the structure to be torn down in compliance with a world court ruling. Bulldozers and backhoes worked in Abu Dis — a Palestinian suburb of Jerusalem. Workers raised 26-foot-high concrete walls that are rapidly separating the Palestinian area from Jerusalem, a city that Abu Dis residents depend on for employment and other services. Palestinian Cabinet minister Saeb Erekat said it was "unfortunate" Israel was ignoring this month's nonbinding ruling by the International Court of Justice in The Hague (news - web sites), Netherlands, and Tuesday's U.N. resolution.

 By Thomas Ryan FrontPageMagazine.com | July 21, 2004 The following is the second part in a series of articles on Peace Studies departments at our nation's universities. The author has previously critiqued the program at the University of Missouri. -- The Editors. “If (the War on Terror) is about terrorism and terrorism is the killing of innocent civilians, then the United States is also a terrorist.” This is the stated philosophy of Gordon “Gordie” Fellman, Professor of Sociology and Chair of the Peace, Conflict, and Coexistence Studies Program (PAX) at Brandeis University. In recent years, Fellman’s warped mindset has become increasingly commonplace among college students at universities across the nation, thanks to “Peace Studies” programs like PAX. Peace Studies has become a favorite venue for U.S.-hating Marxist professors like Fellman to indoctrinate students with a leftist, anti-American ideology that embraces Islamic terrorists and encourages mass civil disobedience against the U.S. government. Interestingly enough, the stated objective of PAX at Brandeis is to “examine the many meanings of ‘security,’ to investigate the nature of power and political participation, and to develop ideas and ways of addressing conflicts that honor the integrity of all parties involved.” Honoring integrity may in fact be a courtesy extended to all parties, except in cases where America is involved. In her article, “Blaming America 101: A Lesson in 'Peace Studies,” Lisa De Pasquale states, “Peace Studies courses are focused on the general principle that every conflict and social injustice is America's fault.” PAX at Brandeis is no different, with professors regularly espousing anti-American rhetoric, assigning anti-Western reading material and encouraging its students in to participate in anti-American activities. -- This is the kind of crap my generation (Gen X) and the next generation has to deal with. Andrew B.

 -- The reason i am linking to this story again so fast is because of this title. Read it out loud...why don't you. Why does the AP put that second part into the title? Reason being...they hate America, George W. Bush, Republicans, etc... Doesn't it seem bizarre that these news organizations could care less about innocent people and more about the terrorists' feelings? Andrew B.

 By Evelyn Leopold UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Secretary-General Kofi Annan (news - web sites) said on Wednesday Sudan had made little progress in curbing marauding militias in the Darfur region but diplomats said sanctions against Khartoum were unlikely. Annan spoke as his special representative in Khartoum, Dutchman Jan Pronk, briefed the 15-member Security Council on reports that Arab militia, called Janjaweed, were continuing to terrorize African villagers in Sudan's west. The 15-month conflict has killed at least 30,000 people, forced villagers into concentration-camp type compounds and left 2 million people without enough food and medicine. "There have been encouraging steps on the humanitarian front," Annan said at a news conference. "But there has been little progress on human rights and I regret to say there are continuing reports of attacks by the Janjaweed militia." Sudan, in an agreement with Annan two weeks ago, pledged to protect displaced civilians, disarm the Janjaweed and other armed groups, suspend visa and travel restrictions on relief workers, allow African Union human rights monitors and punish those responsible for atrocities. -- Will someone please tell me what the purpose of the UN is besides trying to destroy Israel? Oh wait, that is its only purpose. This is g-d aweful...The UN is completely spineless, but they have no problem standing up to little Israel and telling her what to do. can anyone say DOUBLE FUCKING STANDARD? Andrew B.

 By LUCAS L. JOHNSON II, Associated Press Writer NASHVILLE, Tenn. - A sport utility vehicle exploded in a parking lot at Nashville's largest hotel, killing one male inside, and authorities said they suspected a homemade bomb was involved. The explosion occurred late Tuesday about a half-mile from the main entrance of Gaylord Opryland Resort and Convention Center, and about 200 feet from a day care center, which was closed, said Jim Cavanaugh of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. Police said the blast was felt miles away, and it left nothing but a shell of the SUV. -- I love how the AP makes it seem as if car bombs in Tenn. are normal. There is no mention of possible terror attack or anything. Making it seem as if the only possiblity would be a lone wacko. To them he must be a freedom fighter... Andrew B.

 Assassins may have closed on Broadway, but another show is taking aim at the leader of the free world in the new guerilla comedy "I'm Gonna Kill the President!" A Federal Offense. Performances begin at 10 PM at an undisclosed Manhattan location, running Aug. 17-Sept. 4 including the dates of the Republican National Convention. A press release for the work penned by "Hieronymous BANG" reads like an classified government document with key words crossed out with a black marker. The material reads ""I'm Gonna Kill the President!" A Federal Offense blends Dario Fo, Abbie Hoffman and the Muppets ======= the story of a confused student's revolutionary awakening and ====== submarines ====== return of the buffalo." The secretive staging also employs detailed instructions to conspiring audience members: "To see the show, go to Manhattan and proceed to the middle of 10th Street, between Avenue A and Avenue B. Our agents will contact you there. You must arrive at least 30 minutes before showtime." The show offers the show's reservation line, with the further warning, "Latecomers will not be shown to the theatre. And make sure you're not followed." The recording also sends a message to the feds: "If you're some kind of law enforcement agent or official, hang up now, there's nothing illegal happening here." -- This is one of the most disgusting and revolting ideas I have ever heard for a play. True, artists are entitled to make whatever they want...doesn't mean it is either tasteful or good. This is the best they have to offer...it's really sad. Andrew B.

 (AP) -- Outspoken Democrat Cynthia McKinney shouted "I'm back!" after a surprise primary victory tonight in her old congressional district east of Atlanta. The state's first black congresswoman, McKinney served 10 years in the House before losing in 2002. While in Congress, she dished out brash remarks to both Republicans and Democrats she saw as too conservative, and political watchers doubted she would escape a runoff in her someback bid. But McKinney claimed outright victory with 51 percent of the vote. McKinney said she was vindicated for her controversial remarks about President Bush. The year she lost, McKinney told a talk radio host that Bush had advance warning of the September 11th attacks. McKinney defeated a field of five other candiates. The next closest were Cathy Woolard, a former Atlanta City Council president, and state Senator Liane Levetan, a former chief executive of DeKalb County. -- Somehow it feels like deja vu all over again. Is there anyway to stop these kinds of freaks to get into office? We know the obvious choice...which is neither legal nor ethical. Who are these people that keep voting her in? Andrew B.

 Mindful that a proposed sister city program with the Palestinian city of Rafah has attracted international attention - much of it critical - the City Council early this morning narrowly defeated the pact. After more than four hours of public testimony, council members voted 9-8 in favor of the Madison-Rafah Sister City Project, but the tally fell two votes short of the 11 needed for passage. Had the measure prevailed, the Madison-Rafah sister city program would have been the first solidarity-model Palestinian sister city pact to be approved by a city council in the United States. Amy Scarr, one of the leaders of the sister city program, vowed that the group's humanitarian work would continue, despite the city's actions. "This isn't going to prevent us from doing any of the projects or humanitarian aid that we've been working on," Scarr said after the meeting adjourned at 2:20 a.m. Rafah sister city group members sought official status from the city because it helps delegations make arrangements for foreign visits and it affords membership into an international sister city organization. -- At least there is some sort of sanity, not much, in that town. Sister City. WTF is worng with these people? Don't they know that if ANY of them went to Rafah...most likely they would be killed? I mean are they that stupid? I guess I just answered my own question. Liberalism in its extreme is a disease. Andrew B.

 By OMAR SINAN, Associated Press Writer BAGHDAD, Iraq - Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi's terrorist group says it has kidnapped two Turkish truck drivers and will kill them in 48 hours if their company doesn't stop working in Iraq (news - web sites), according to a new videotape broadcast Saturday on Al-Jazeera TV. The videotape was released by al-Zarqawi's Tawhid and Jihad movement and showed three armed, masked men wearing black standing behind two seated men holding various forms of identification, including what were apparently Turkish passports. Al-Jazeera's newsreader identified the men as two Turkish truck drivers working for a Turkish company that delivers goods to U.S. forces in Iraq. The group said that they were giving the men's company 48 hours to stop its activities in Iraq and cease providing American forces with supplies or they would behead them both, according to the newsreader. It was not immediately clear when the men were kidnapped, and the tape did not indicate when the 48-hour countdown would begin. The names of the men and their company were read out during the videotape, but their correct spellings were unclear. An official at the Turkish Embassy in Baghdad, speaking on condition of anonymity, said he saw the broadcast but had no further details on the men's capture. -- I am glad to see that these freaks are kidnapping Turks again. (sarcasm) You think they would learn not to kidnap and murder other Muslims. These guys really are stupid. Their mistakes are to our benefit. We will find them with the help of Muslim informants throughout the region. Andrew B.

 By ALI AKBAR DAREINI, Associated Press Writer TEHRAN, Iran - A university professor who was twice condemned to death for blasphemy walked out of prison on Saturday night, free after a two-year battle with hard-line judges and mass student demonstrations in his favor. Hashem Aghajari emerged from Evin prison in north Tehran to a warm welcome by more than two dozen relatives and friends, his daughter Maryam Aghajari told The Associated Press. "Finally, my dad is free," she said. The prominent reformist writer Emadeddin Baqi was among those who greeted her father. Maryam said her father was released on bail of $122,500. The bond had to be posted because Aghajari had not served his full 3-year sentence. He has spent more than two years behind bars. A professor at Tehran's Teachers Training University, Hashem Aghajari was prosecuted for a speech in June 2002 in which he urged people to question religious teachings, saying the words of clerics should not be considered sacred simply because they were part of history. He said people should not slavishly follow hard-line interpretations of Islam. His comments enraged the clerical establishment. He was charged with blasphemy, insulting Islam and questioning clerical rule. But when a court convicted him and condemned him to death, hundreds of thousands of students demonstrated in his support. -- Now, the Iranians are playing nice to show the world they are not as bad they seem. Meanwhile, the Tehran Project is speeding full steam ahead. Andrew B.

 --Aaron has done it again over at urlLink Internet :: Haganah . This guy doesn't slow down for anything. Andrew B.

 With the Left and much of the mainstream media hell-bent on delegitimizing our war in Iraq; some Americans are questioning why we went to battle — and whether it was worth it. On December 23, 2002 -- three months before the opening salvo of Operation Iraqi Freedom -- I penned a Miami Herald column titled "Swift victory in Iraq could transform the Middle East." The piece described my justifications for war and argued that a "successful Iraqi campaign and strategic follow-up effort -- if done properly -- may ultimately transform the Middle East for the better." Despite the intense media and partisan criticism of the war, little has changed. I still believe the Iraq war was amply justified on multiple grounds, is part of our global War on Terror, and, even with plenty of screw-ups, can (and must) succeed. That article accurately foresaw that we would “destroy the weakened Iraqi forces swiftly while limiting civilian casualties.” Perhaps though, as I explained in a later column titled "The downside of a swift victory in Iraq," our initial triumph came too soon. While we did rapidly depose Hussein and his regime, we may have declared the combat phase concluded and "mission accomplished" too quickly. This left America unprepared to fight remaining regime loyalists as brutally as necessary. It also created a false impression at home and overseas that things were going terribly wrong. -- Great article by Paul Crespo. Read the rest if you have the chance at the website. Andrew B.

 The foreign ministry has instructed Israeli embassies around the world to be on high alert following Friday's attacks on the Israeli and US embassies in the Uzbek capital, Tashkent - in which three people died and seven were injured. The Israeli ambassador's personal guard and a local policeman were killed in the blast. A second policeman, who was guarding the US embassy when the second suicide bomber struck, was critically wounded and died of his wounds Saturday morning. All three victims were Uzbek citizens. Foreign Ministry officials left to Uzbekistan Friday to assist the Israeli embassy in Tashkent and check whether additional security is needed, a spokeswoman for the Foreign Ministry told The Jerusalem Post on Friday. -- Believe it or not, but Uzbekistan actually has a small Jewish community, which has been there for hundreds of years. This is one of the very few places in Asia where Jews and Muslims can co-exist. Other countries like Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan are others that actually are working on inviting Jewish people into their countries to help rebuild and start some small businesses. If you ever get a chance to do some research on Jews from Central Asia...very interesting. Andrew B.

 Canada is investigating why an Israeli implicated in the New Zealand passport fiasco used a Canadian passport to enter New Zealand. According to a report in the New Zealand Herald newspaper, Uriel Kelman – who is currently serving a 6-month sentence in New Zealand for allegedly trying to obtain local passports for the Mossad – entered New Zealand in 1999 using a Canadian passport rather than an Israeli one. The Canadian investigation began immediately after Kelman's testimony to police last April, in which he admitted to entering the country using the Canadian passport in 1999. Canada called back its ambassador to Israel in 1997 when it discovered that Mossad agents had used illegally obtained Canadian passports in the botched attempt on Hamas official Khaled Mashal in Jordan that year. Israel then promised it would cease using Canadian passports. -- As if this story wasn't dead yet...it just came back to life. These guys are totally F***ED. I am not sure what they were trying to do, but this doesn't look good for Israel. I can't make a decision yet, until I know all the facts. I can say this...I am not happy with these 2 clowns. As if Israel needed anymore bad PR... Andrew B.

 By IBRAHIM ALI SULEIMAN, Associated Press Writer KHARTOUM, Sudan - Sudan stepped back Saturday from rejecting a U.N. Security Council resolution demanding it disarm Arab militias responsible for atrocities in Darfur, as France deployed troops and aid along Chad's border with Sudan to help hundreds of thousands of Darfur refugees. Foreign Minister Mustafa Osman Ismail said the resolution passed a day earlier did not go beyond commitments Sudan already made in early July to U.N. chief Kofi Annan (news - web sites) to rein in the militias. "If we look closely at this matter, we will find out that there is no reason to reject the resolution as it doesn't contain anything new, anything other than what already has been signed on in the agreement with the United Nations (news - web sites)," Ismail told reporters. The resolution gives the Sudanese government 30 days to act against the militias, known as the Janjaweed. International and humanitarian officials say Sudan has failed to honor its pledges to crack down on the Janjaweed. After the Security Council passed the resolution, Sudanese Information Minister El-Zahawi Ibrahim Malik said his country rejected the resolution, which "does not conform with the agreements signed between the government and the United Nations." -- Hmmm...me thinks that someone is finally seeing that world pressure is starting to get to them. Will they still attack the peace keepers and humanitarians? Most likely if not a definite YES. Andrew B.

 By TODD PITMAN, Associated Press Writer BAGHDAD, Iraq - Being an Iraqi police officer used to be a safe, cushy job that sometimes required chasing down pickpockets and car thieves, but left plenty of time for tea. Since the fall of Saddam Hussein (news - web sites), however, insurgents armed with automatic weapons, mortars and car bombs have made law enforcement one of Iraq (news - web sites)'s most hazardous occupations. "It used to be prestigious. ... People respected us, criminals were afraid of us," said 1st Lt. Amjid Mohammed, a 26-year-old detective at al-Bayaa police station, Baghdad's largest. "Today it's the opposite: It's we who are afraid." Insurgents see police as collaborators with U.S.-led forces, who are struggling to restore order. They've blown up police stations all over the country, sometimes disguised as cops. They've gunned down officers in drive-by shootings as they left home for work, and they've battered police stations with mortar barrages and rocket-propelled grenades. -- These are Iraqis first real heroes. They accepted the call to duty. Their job is and will not be easy. I salute all who have fallen in the name of freedom. Your sacrifice was not in vein. Andrew B.

 --Zarqawi...your days are numbered. We will find you and we will bring justice to you.--

 BAGHDAD, Iraq - Fighting between insurgents and American-led forces in the volatile city of Fallujah has killed 20 militants, the military said Saturday. A Fallujah hospital official, Dr. Salim Ibrahim, had said Friday that clashes, which had been reported on earlier, killed 13 Iraqis and wounded 14 others. Many of those wounded, including at least one child, appeared to be civilians injured in U.S. airstrikes, he said, adding that he could not give an exact count of the dead, because many bodies had been torn apart in the bombings. A U.S. military spokesman, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Saturday that the fighters were killed during clashes between 7:30 p.m. Thursday and 1 a.m. Friday. Iraqi insurgents started the fighting Thursday by ambushing a patrol with gunfire, mortars and rocket propelled grenades before fleeing into buildings in the city, the military said. The Marines responded with tank and artillery fire at the mortar positions, several hundred yards away, the military said. Iraqi insurgents fled into buildings, which the Marines targeted with airstrikes and artillery, the military said. -- Many more to go. I hope in the near future Iraqis can do this job and leave the reconstruction to the Americans and the coalition. If Iraqis can do this job...things would be so much easier. Let's keep hope that this will happen ASAP. Andrew B.

 --Another sighting of the now infamous "Palestinian" Martyr Burrito Crowd Surfing. Another voyage is about to begin. Note*-The seething anger, extreme yelling and that glazed over look that sharks get when they go into a feeding frenzy...this is normal and a prerequiste for PMBCS. It is essential or else proper frothing and foaming at the mouth doesn't occur, thus not becoming a true PMBCS. It's a shame, many try for true PMBCS status. It is not as easy as you think it would be. The conditions need to be perfect. You need the perfect wave (of humans), proper doses of anti-Semitism, just a pinch of insanity and most of all the desire to perform the PMBCS perfectly. Andrew B.

 --Here is a hint for the Israelis...You have their faces...NOW FIND THEM and bring them to justice or bring JUSTICE TO THEM. It's that simple.--

 By ALI AKBAR DAREINI, Associated Press Writer TEHRAN, Iran - Iran vowed Saturday not to give up its uranium enrichment program and confirmed that it has restarted building centrifuges for that purpose. Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi said Iran has not resumed enriching uranium but restarted work on centrifuges in response to the failure of Britain, Germany and France to help close the file on Iran's potential nuclear program infractions in June. "We still continue suspension on uranium enrichment, meaning that we have not resumed enrichment," Kharrazi told a press conference Saturday. "But we are not committed to another agreement with them (Britain, Germany and France) on not to build centrifuges." Diplomats said this week that Tehran has restarted equipment used to make uranium hexaflouride, which — when injected into centrifuges and spun — can be enriched to low levels to be used as fuel to generate electricity or to levels high enough to make nuclear weapons. Kharrazi said Iran restarted the centrifuge construction after the three European countries failed to help overcome questions about Iran's compliance with International Atomic Energy Agency commitments despite promising in February to work toward closure by June if Iran stopped making centrifuges. It did so in April. In talks still under way in Paris, officials from Iran and the European Union (news - web sites)'s "Big Three" are seeking a common position on Tehran's nuclear program amid increasing U.S. pressure to refer Iran's nuclear alleged nuclear violations to the U.N. Security Council for possible sanctions. -- Nice slap in the face to the UN, not that the UN has any REAL power anymore. It's time we took them out. I know it is a terrible thing to say, to some people. This regime is hell bent on our destruction and the UTTER destruction of our closest ally in the world, Israel. If we do not act now, then we will have to deal with it later on. Either way they are a threat to everyone in the world. Andrew B.

 By BURT HERMAN, Associated Press Writer TASHKENT, Uzbekistan - An extremist group blamed in attacks that killed 47 people earlier this year orchestrated suicide bombings Friday against the U.S. and Israeli embassies and the Uzbek chief prosecutor's office, an anti-terrorism official said Saturday. The latest attacks, which killed three people, were retaliation for the continuing trial of 15 suspects, allegedly linked to al-Qaida, in the attacks four months ago, Tashkent police anti-terrorism chief Oleg Bichenov told The Associated Press. "It is connected to the trial and has been carried out by remnants of the same group," Bichenov said. "These are links in one chain." -- Nahhh...I don't believe it...I think it was that pesky minority of Jews that live there. (Sarcasm) Of course it was a Muslim "EXTREMIST" group. Andrew B.

 ANKARA, Turkey - A Turkish driver abducted in Iraq (news - web sites) earlier this month has been freed after promising his captors that he would not return to the country, a television report said Saturday. Private CNN-Turk television said driver Mehmet Dayar, who was abducted July 17, was released after 12 days in northern Iraqi city of Mosul and had returned home to his hometown of Cizre, near the Iraqi border, the station said. The report said Dayar was part of a convoy that was transporting fuel to American troops. Another Turkish driver, Abdulcelil Bayik, was killed in the attack. Dayar's captors freed him after he promised never to return to Iraq, the report said. Several Turkish drivers have been killed or taken hostage amid the violence in Iraq.

 BAGHDAD, Iraq - Gunmen killed the chief of a teacher's institute who ignored warnings to stop working for the U.S.-backed Iraqi government, a police official said Saturday. Lt. Ala'a Hussein said Ismail al-Kilabi, the head of the Mahmoudiyah Teachers Institute south of Baghdad was shot dead Friday as he was leaving a mosque following an evening prayer service. Hussein, of Mahmoudiyah police, told The Associated Press that al-Kilabi had received warnings from militants to stop working for his state-run institute following the transfer of power from the U.S.-led coalition to Iraq (news - web sites)'s interim government. During their 15-month insurgency, Iraqi militants have targeted Iraqi police, government officials and tribal leaders in a bid to destabilize the country following the U.S.-led coalition's ousting of former President Saddam Hussein (news - web sites). -- When will it stop? Andrew B.

 Before I defected to America from Romania, leaving my post as chief of Romanian intelligence, I was responsible for giving Arafat about $200,000 in laundered cash every month throughout the 1970s. I also sent two cargo planes to Beirut a week, stuffed with uniforms and supplies. Other Soviet bloc states did much the same.... I was given the KGB's "personal file" on Arafat. He was an Egyptian bourgeois turned into a devoted Marxist by KGB foreign intelligence. The KGB had trained him at its Balashikha special-ops school east of Moscow and in the mid-1960s decided to groom him as the future PLO leader. First, the KGB destroyed the official records of Arafat's birth in Cairo, replacing them with fictitious documents saying that he had been born in Jerusalem and was therefore a Palestinian by birth. The KGB's disinformation department then went to work on Arafat's four-page tract called "Falastinuna" (Our Palestine), turning it into a 48-page monthly magazine for the Palestinian terrorist organization al-Fatah. Arafat had headed al-Fatah since 1957. The KGB distributed it throughout the Arab world and in West Germany, which in those days played host to many Palestinian students.... Arafat was an important undercover operative for the KGB. Right after the 1967 Six Day Arab-Israeli war, Moscow got him appointed to chairman of the PLO. Egyptian ruler Gamal Abdel Nasser, a Soviet puppet, proposed the appointment. In 1969 the KGB asked Arafat to declare war on American "imperial-Zionism" during the first summit of the Black Terrorist International, a neo-Fascist pro-Palestine organization financed by the KGB and Libya's Moammar Gadhafi. It appealed to him so much, Arafat later claimed to have invented the imperial-Zionist battle cry. But in fact, "imperial-Zionism" was a Moscow invention, a modern adaptation of the "Protocols of the Elders of Zion," and long a favorite tool of Russian intelligence to foment ethnic hatred. The KGB always regarded anti-Semitism plus anti-imperialism as a rich source of anti-Americanism.... -- Read it ALL OMG!!!!!!! This is insane if it is true. I just find the stuff it's up to you guys to find out if its true or not... Andrew B.

 By May Habib Special to The Daily Star Friday, July 30, 2004 Beirut: Mecca-Cola, a drink made popular in recent years in Europe and the Arab world thanks to rising anti-American sentiment, hit Israeli markets last week. Mecca-Cola, founded by French-Tunisian businessman Tawfiq Mathlouthi in 2002 as an Arab answer to America's Coca-Cola, donates 10 percent of its proceeds to Palestinian causes and another 10 percent to local charities in the country of sale. The company's motto is "No more drinking stupid, drink with commitment." Miqdad Idris, Mecca-Cola's director of operations in Israel, told the Israeli news agency Maariv International that "Arabs are entitled to enjoy brands that were made especially for them." "It is intolerable that (Palestinian children) should suffer, starve and miss school," he added. He also reiterated that 10 percent of the profits will be distributed as donations. The company, which now distributes in 54 countries, including Lebanon, is cashing in on resentment against US foreign policy in the region by providing a substitute to the global giant Coca-Cola. "The spirit which governed the creation of Mecca-Cola was to create a profit-making business which would help to relieve human suffering where action is still possible," the company's website reads. Mathlouthi has publicly stated on numerous occasions that the company is also dedicated to combating "American imperialism and Zionism" by encouraging boycotts of American goods. The company says it ensures its funds are not channeled to terrorist activities by offering all aid in the form of usable goods, like food and clothes, not cash. -- Talk about segragational eh? What a slogan too...you have to be kidding me. Andrew B.

 By Turi Munthe Special to The Daily Star Saturday, July 31, 2004 If Michael Moore's "Fahrenheit 9/11" has shown up some of the worst hypocrisies of President George W. Bush and his administration, it has done much the same for his enemies. Liberal responses to his docu-soap have been effervescent - both in praise and disdain - and neither reaction has reflected very well on its proponents. Those who loved the film should be horsewhipped for bowing to some of the most blatantly propagandistic cinema since Leni Riefenstahl's "Triumph of the Will" and "Olympia." Those who hated it should be gagged until after the November presidential election, and also horsewhipped for preferring to safeguard their political leanings over a more thorough investigation of the greasy world of politics, media-manipulation and vote-buying, which Moore somehow evokes. The fact is, however, with Michael Moore you just cannot win. Let's start with those at Cannes who loved Moore's film and awarded him the Palme d'Or, the festival's highest honor. Quentin Tarantino, who headed the jury awarding film prizes, later said: "When I was on stage with Michael Moore, I knew all this politics crap would be brought up, so I just whispered in his ear and said: 'I just want you to know it was not because of the politics that you won this award. You won it because we thought it was the best film that we saw.'" "Fahrenheit 9/11," for those who haven't seen it, is the ugly stepchild of mistimed comedy and sentimentalism. It has no discernible narrative; it botches the points it tries to score with smug self-righteousness; it contradicts itself ceaselessly; it fails to construct a homogenous argument; it is haphazard, narcissistic, self-promoting, slapdash, intellectually dishonest, and even racist. The only possible way to value the movie as a movie is to regard it as spoof propaganda - a parodic take on Frank Capra for the dumbed-down 21st century. But of course the film is no such thing; it is propaganda straight, with no chaser. This is pretty much what those who hated the film said of it, if far more effectively. Christopher Hitchens led the pack, writing in the online magazine Slate: "To describe this film as a piece of crap would be to run the risk of a discourse that would never again rise above the excremental ... 'Fahrenheit 9/11' is ... a spectacle of abject political cowardice masking itself as a demonstration of 'dissenting' bravery." Those liberals opposed to Bush who have attacked Moore's film have taken to the moral high ground because it goes against their interests to contest the broadside directed at a president they want to see lose the next election. And Moore's film might just tip the balance there. Why this crowd must prove its credentials against its own electoral interests seems only answerable with the charge of narcissism. Yes "Fahrenheit 9/11" is propaganda - but let it serve your purposes. The cultured left that has either loved or loathed the movie should have had a more simple reaction: mild embarrassment at the fact that it risked benefiting from such crass sensationalism, and silent gratitude in the knowledge of the same. One more thing, however, just a little thing, and hardly important for the potential voters streaming out in their tens of millions across the US to watch the film. That thing is the Arab, and more particularly the way he is depicted by Moore. Moore's major indictment against the Bush dynasty is that over the years it has maintained overly close ties with the Saudi royal family. One suggestion is that thanks to the Saudi relationship, the Bushes have been far more concerned with making money for themselves and their entourage than with the welfare and safety of the American public. In part thanks to Saudi money, George W. Bush, George H.W. Bush, Vice-President Dick Cheney and his former employer, Halliburton, as well as the Carlyle Group, that mega investment fund in which both Saudis and former Bush Sr. officials have a stake, all made a killing. -- This is impressive because it is coming from an Arab. Please read the whole article... Andrew B.

 Jerusalem (CNSNews.com) - A new Palestinian poetry video, aired on Palestinian Authority television nearly every day for the past few weeks, says the Palestinian people have been in the Holy Land since man was created, according to an independent Israeli media watchdog group. Despite historical evidence to the contrary, Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat and other PA officials have claimed for years that the land on which the State of Israel was established never belonged to the Jewish people; there was never a Jewish temple on the Temple Mount in Jerusalem's Old City; and Jesus was not a Jew but a Palestinian. "Denying Israel's right to exist by claiming the Jews have no historical roots in Israel is a backbone of Palestinian Authority cultural education, as is the attempt to reinforce Palestinian claims to the land by creating an ancient Palestinian history in Israel," said the Palestinian Media Watch in a report issued on Friday. "You and Us," the new poetry video, combines both of those elements, PMW said. "You are phantoms on my land," the video says, showing pictures of Israelis. "And our roots in her are deep," it says showing scenes of the land. "For a million years it is our homeland. May the conquerors exploit as they will," it continues with scenes of war. "We came -- the dawn of man's creation in the world and our arrival -- the beginning and time, before us no foot strode through her." -- Bizarre. Andrew B.

 --Come to Gaza and learn from the greatest and most notorious terrorists in the world. Learn how to make 'homicide belts' and hate Jews. You will learn the Koran backwards and forwards or else your hands will be chopped off and sent to your family as payment. You will learn the newly ancient tradition of hiding behind a do-rag. You will carry a Arab copy of a Russian rifle. You will learn to speak Arabic like Arafat, only minus the drooling and studdering and bad teeth. When you leave from our school, you will be the best and the worst terrorist in the world.--

 -- Know thy ENEMY. Read what they read. See the world as they see it. These are some BIZARRO people... Andrew B.

 Alzarqawi may be Arrested! There are unconfirmed news published in the Irakana news site that the son of a bitch Al Zarqawi has been arrested in Hadietha close to the Syrian border after they arrested one of his closest aides 2 days ago. It also added that a blood sample has been taken to confirm the genetic ID of the named terrorist. According to the same news Zarqawi has admitted that he received one milliard dollar from Udy Saddam before the fall of the regime and confessed about his relation with Fidaiyi Saddam. He also confessed about the net works of his cells in Iraq. The news not yet confirmed so we have to follow what that site will come with or other sites. -- I am sure of how much to look into this one...but keep an eye opened for more updates. Andrew B.

 By ALI DARAGHMEH, Associated Press Writer NABLUS, West Bank - Palestinian gunmen abducted three foreign church volunteers, including an American, in the West Bank city of Nablus late Friday, releasing them several hours later under pressure from Palestinian authorities and other militants, Palestinian security officials said. The reason for the abduction was not known, but it came two weeks after militants in Gaza snatched four French charity workers amid a political crisis that shook the authority of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat (news - web sites). The four French were also quickly released. Five gunmen seized the foreigners — an American, a Briton and an Irishman — around midnight Friday as they were returning to the home where they were staying in Nablus, the officials said. The three were taken to the nearby Balata refugee camp. Five foreign women accompanying the men were left unharmed. They refused to speak to reporters. -- Welcome to BIZARRO "PALESTINE"...and nice fun place for Westerners. Andrew B.

 By Laure Bretton PARIS (Reuters) - Two Frenchmen described as hell Friday their more than two years of detention in the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay, their lawyer said after meeting them for the first time. Mourad Benchellali and Nizar Sassi had concerns "about the interrogation techniques and medical experiments" at Guantanamo, Jacques Debray said outside the headquarters of the DST domestic intelligence service where the two men were being questioned. A letter from Sassi said "bizarre" medicines had been given to inmates at night and that one caused some prisoners to break out in spots, Debray told reporters. He gave no other details. "Each of (the two men) used the same expression, 'We have emerged from hell'," Debray said. "This is huge for them because it's the first time in two-and-a-half years that they have been able to talk to someone other than a soldier or a police officer, apart from their fellow detainees." Debray said he would request a full medical examination for his clients when they were brought before anti-terrorism judges Saturday. Under French law, defense attorneys have access to clients only after 72 hours of detention. Lawyers can see case notes once suspects are brought before an examining magistrate. Two other former Guantanamo detainees, Imad Kanouni and Brahim Yadel, are being questioned alongside Benchellali and Sassi at DST headquarters. All four were detained by French authorities on their return to France from the U.S. base in Cuba Tuesday aboard a military plane. The four were captured during the U.S.-led war in Afghanistan and held by American forces on suspicion of having fought for the ousted Taliban government. President Jacques Chirac said this week the four had been returned to France after lengthy talks with U.S. authorities and pledged they would face French justice. Three other Frenchmen remain in Guantanamo. -- Yeah...I was expecting him to say such wonderful things like; good sanitation, meals that were HALAL, daily prayers allowed, speaking to Imams, etc...Yeah we pretty much rolled out the Red Carpet for these freaks and that is the best he could do? So if he was in Hell...then the Hell of afterlife awaiting him will be much worse, INSHALLAH. Andrew B.

 --I wouldn't want to be this guy.--

 --Could have been worse...security forces are to be credited.--

 By BARRY SCHWEID WASHINGTON - Muslim countries being sounded out by Saudi Arabia about sending troops to Iraq (news - web sites) want a sizable reduction in U.S. and other coalition troops as part of any agreement. As troops drawn from Muslim countries, most or all from outside the Middle East, took up positions in Iraq, there would be a parallel exodus of coalition soldiers, a senior Saudi official said Friday. The Muslim force would serve in the name of the United Nations (news - web sites) and would supplement U.S. and other coalition troops by protecting U.N. officials and helping Iraqi security personnel patrol Iraq's borders to slow the infiltration of foreign fighters. For months, the Bush administration has been unable to persuade any Muslim countries to commit troops to Iraq. The main obstacle was the perception that Arab or other Muslim governments would be contributing to a U.S. occupation of Arab Iraq. The Saudis, who privately dismiss any allegation that the United States wants a long-term presence as an occupying force in Iraq, are trying to counter that argument. A corresponding reduction in U.S. and other coalition forces as Muslim troops arrived would help the Saudis make their case. A partial American withdrawal also could have domestic political dividends in this U.S. presidential election year, where sentiment against American peacekeeping operations is strong. -- Yeah...that's all we want to do...hand over all responsiblity to other FAILED Arab regimes to take over....right. Andrew B.

 By SHAFIKA MATTAR, Associated Press Writer AMMAN, Jordan - The kidnappers of four Jordanians in Iraq (news - web sites) have promised to release them Saturday because their relatives and fellow staged an anti-American demonstration as demanded of them, the brother of a hostage said late Friday. The kidnapping became known Tuesday when Dubai Television broadcast a video tape showing four men holding their identification cards. A man off-camera said "all Muslim and Arab nations, especially those neighboring Iraq" should not cooperate with the Americans. Mohammed Abu Jaafar, whose brother Ahmad is being held, told The Associated Press said he received a call from one of the purported kidnappers who said they were pleased by the television pictures of the protest in Irbid in northern Jordan. "We decided to release them on Saturday morning," Abu Jaafar quoted the kidnapper as saying. The kidnapper said the hostages would be handed over at a Jordanian field hospital in Iraq or "we will escort them to the border," he said. Jordanian Foreign Ministry spokesman Ali Al Ayed said the government has instructed its embassy in Baghdad to investigate the kidnapping by a group calling itself "Mujahedeen of Iraq, the Group of Death." Insurgents have taken more than 70 foreigners hostage in Iraq in recent months in an effort to force their countries to withdraw troops and to hamper reconstruction work. -- I'll believe it when they are free. I like action not words. Andrew B.

 By LAURIE COPANS, Associated Press Writer JERUSALEM - Israeli helicopters destroyed a three-story building in a crowded district of Gaza City on Friday, gutting a structure owned by the family of a young mother who blew herself up in a suicide bombing. Palestinian medics said two people were injured when a missile slammed into the building's middle floor, sending a fireball high into the night sky. The building was vacant. Israel said a metal shop in the building was used to build bombs for the militant organization Hamas. Palestinian officials said it was a factory for car batteries. Both sides said the shop belonged to the family of Reem Raiyshi, a 22-year-old mother of two who killed herself in a January attack at the Erez Crossing, the checkpoint between Israel and the Gaza Strip (news - web sites). -- Keep going...more terrorists. Keep the heat on. Andrew B.

 NABLUS, West Bank - Palestinian gunmen abducted three foreign church volunteers, including an American, in Nablus late Friday, Palestinian security officials said. Five gunmen seized the foreigners as they were returning to the home where they were staying around midnight, the officials said. The volunteers were citizens of the United States, Britian and Ireland, the officials said. Their identities were not released. Several foreign women accompanying them were allowed to go free. The officials said the hostages apparently were taken to the Balata refugee camp near Nablus. No reason for the abduction was immediately given. The Al Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, which is affiliated with Yasser Arafat (news - web sites)'s Fatah (news - web sites) movement, said the kidnappers could belong to a splinter group of Al Aqsa. He said the group was helping authorities in the search for the hostages. -- This is a joke right?. How could they take them hostage...they live with the terrorists. They are terrorists themselves. So how is this any different than the usual day? Andrew B.

 By RON FOURNIER and NEDRA PICKLER NEWBURGH, N.Y. (AP) - John Kerry said Friday he would put Osama bin Laden on trial in U.S. courts rather than an international tribunal to ensure the "fastest, surest route" to a murder conviction if the terrorist mastermind is captured while he is president. "I want him tried for murder in New York City, and in Virginia and in Pennsylvania," where planes hijacked by al-Qaida operatives crashed Sept. 11, 2001, Kerry said in his first interview as the Democratic presidential nominee. The Saudi-bred terrorist is suspected of plotting attacks that have shed blood across the globe, not just in the United States. Kerry suggested he would place the highest priority on avenging American deaths. He called the Bush administration's attempt to create a Muslim security force in Iraq an overdue act of desperation. "Great idea," he said. "Should have been done from the very beginning.". Kerry fielded questions about foreign policy, presidential politics, abortion and the death penalty in a 12-minute interview at a Wendy's fast-food restaurant in this GOP-leaning Hudson Valley community. -- This is why Kerry is out of touch with reality. If we find Osama...we should interogate him and then KILL HIM. He is of NO USE ALIVE. No trial. He doesn't even deserve that priviledge. Andrew B.

 GAZA CITY - Israeli helicopters fired missiles at a suspected weapons workshop in Gaza City on Friday, sending a huge fireball high over the city. Medics at the scene said at least two people were injured. Israeli helicopters continued hovering over the site in the eastern sector of the city for several minutes after firing their missiles. The target was a metal works shop of the kind Israel frequently hits, claiming they supply rockets and other weapons to militants. -- Keep the heat on. Be relentless with these terrorists. Wherever they are...go there an destroy them. Enough is enough. Take the gloves off and get them before they get you. These terrorists would show no mercy what-so-ever to you. Why should you merciful with them. The most difficult part is seperating the innocent and the guilty. May G-d be with you on your noble and hard task ahead. Do not listen to the nay-sayers. Stay focused and lethal. Andrew B.

 By Evelyn Leopold UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The U.N. Security Council voted on Friday for a U.S.-drafted resolution that threatens to impose sanctions on Sudan in 30 days if it does not disarm and prosecute marauding militia in Darfur. The 13-0 vote, with abstentions from China and Pakistan, came after the United States deleted the word "sanctions" and substituted a reference to Article 41 of the U.N. Charter, which permits punitive measures, in an effort to get support. This provision allows the "interruption" of economic, transport, communications or diplomatic measures, the equivalent of sanctions, a word not in the U.N. Charter. Sudan's U.N. ambassador, Elfatih Erwa, contended the situation in Darfur was improving and blamed the Bush administration for pushing the resolution to get votes. "Aren't these the very same states that we see daily on TV monitors and their massive military machine while they are practicing the occupation of nations, pouring their fire on innocent civilians in Iraq (news - web sites) and Afghanistan (news - web sites)?" Erwa asked. -- Emphasis on DEAD in deadline. By the time, this resolution gets underway, coutless thousands will be murdered, raped and tortured. Shouldn't they go in there NOW???? Go in and stop the madness. Stop the killing on innocence. There is no moral ground here. What these freaks are doing is GENOCIDE. Not only that...but they admit to it as well. They don't care about law and order. All they care about is Jihad. That's it. Andrew B.

 A report by the New York-based Council on Foreign Relations urged the Bush administration to stop any Israeli attempt to strike Iran's nuclear facilities. The council warned that such an Israeli attack would be blamed on the United States and hurt its interests in the region. "Since Washington would be blamed for any unilateral Israeli military strike, the United States should, in any case, make it quite clear to Israel that U.S. interests would be adversely affected by such a move," the report, entitled "Iran: Time for a New Approach," said. On Thursday, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said the United States supports Israel's right to what he termed weapons of deterrence, regarded as a reference to nuclear weapons, Middle East Newsline reported. He said the United States was also pressing Iran to halt its nuclear weapons program. "Israel faces an existential threat, and it must be able to defend itself by itself by preserving its deterrent capability," Sharon said. "We have received here a clear American position that says in other words that Israel must not be touched when it comes to its deterrent capability." An air strike on Iran's nuclear facilities would incur civilian casualties, the report said. It pointed out that many of Iran's nuclear facilities have been located in or near urban centers. -- Have these people gone crazy? WTF is wrong with these people? Can they not see that if Iran has a nuke weapon that they WILL use it against Israel and America as well as Europe? I mean what is the effing problem here? Andrew B.

 BAGHDAD, Iraq (Reuters) - They grunted, they flexed and and they posed in their tight swimming trunks in downtown Baghdad Friday, all in honor of Arnold Schwarzenegger, the former bodybuilder turned politician. It was the governor of California's 57th birthday, and thousands of miles away in blisteringly hot Baghdad members of the Arnold Classic gym celebrated too, staging what they said was the country's first postwar bodybuilding competition. "This is for Arnold, our hero and the greatest champion ever," announced Sabah Talib, owner of the gym and himself a former Asian bodybuilding champ, as he launched the event. "No day could be better than on Arnold's birthday." And so the games began. In groups of four and five, they strutted onto a makeshift stage in the parking lot of the Arnold Classic and began flexing their physiques to an appreciative crowd of dozens. While some had their bodies coated in the bronze oil common to professional bodybuilders, others couldn't get hold of the real thing in war-shortened Baghdad and so used a red colored ink instead that made them look badly sunburnt. Yet that didn't put anyone off as the 27 competitors in six weight classes put themselves through several punishing rounds of bicep, abdominal, back and leg flexes that were closely observed by a serious-minded panel of judges. First in the 155 lb class came Sabah Qais Rabie, a 19-year-old Baghdadi and apprentice tailor who immediately declared he was giving that up and wanted to turn professional. "I hope one day to represent the new Iraq in international competitions," he said, still sweating from his exertions. Asked if Iraq might be a safer place if more young men spent their time weight-lifting and bodybuilding, he was cautious. "I don't get involved in politics. I just like to focus on training hard and being the best I can be. But if Iraqis spend time doing sports to keep fit and healthy, that is good." -- This has to be one of the most BIZARRO stories I have heard in along time. It's nice to see some resemblence of normalcy to Iraqi people and their lives. I am happy because these people who are body builders are happy. Andrew B.

 The BBC has broadcast an interview with a man claiming to be a North Korean scientist who said he experimented with lethal gas on political prisoners. The man, identified as Dr Kim, told the BBC's Newsnight program the experiment was intended "to determine how long it takes for a human being to die. We wanted to determine how much gas was necessary to annihilate the whole city of Seoul." No-one was available for comment at the North Korean embassy in London. North Korea has dismissed similar claims in the past. In February, South Korean rights activists said they had documents proving North Korea conducted gas experiments on political prisoners. But the next month the North Korean engineer credited with smuggling out the documents claimed he had faked the papers. In February the BBC broadcast a documentary in which another man claiming to be a former North Korean agent described seeing gas chamber experiments on political prisoners. The BBC said the man, identified as Kwon Hyok, was a former North Korean army intelligence officer who defected to South Korea. It also said that he was formerly chief guard at No. 22 Control Centre, a widely reported prison camp in the North's north-eastern tip. Kwon Hyok described a glass-sided gas chamber at the camp, in which scientists observed inmates as they were gassed. Dr Kim described a similar glass chamber, saying he watched as prisoners were gassed to death using a cyanide-based poison. He said he "participated in the murder of people" beginning in 1979. The BBC said Dr Kim was a research chemist who defected to South Korea two years ago. US officials allege widespread human rights abuse in isolated, totalitarian North Korea, but critics often accuse rights activists of exaggerating allegations against the communist regime. -- Where is the World outrage? Where is the World condemnation of these disgusting and gruesome acts against humanity? Where is the UN? Where is the Security Council? Where are the Arab States coming out against this? Where is NATO? Where is anybody? Andrew B.

 Dennis Prager July 27, 2004 For the many readers who have requested a brief synopsis of the moral arguments in the Arab-Israeli conflict, I offer the following list of numerical data. Number of times Jerusalem is mentioned in the Old Testament: over 700 Number of times Jerusalem is mentioned in the Koran: 0 Number of Arab leaders who visited Jerusalem when it was under Arab rule (1948 to 1967): 1 Number of Arab refugees who fled the land that became Israel: approximately 600,000 Number of Jewish refugees who fled Arab countries: approximately 600,000 Number of U.N. agencies that deal only with Palestinian refugees: 1 Number of U.N. agencies that deal with all the other refugees in the world: 1 Number of Jewish states that have existed on the land called Palestine: 3 Number of Arab or Muslim states that have existed on the land called Palestine: 0 Number of terrorist attacks by Israelis or Jews since 1967: 1 Number of terrorist attacks by Arabs or Muslims since 1967: thousands Percentage of Jews who have praised the Jewish terrorist: approximately .1 Percentage of Palestinians who have praised Islamic terrorists: approximately 90 Number of Jewish countries: 1 Number of Jewish democracies: 1 Number of Arab countries: 19 Number of Arab democracies: 0 Number of Arab women killed annually by fathers and brothers in "honor killings": thousands Number of Jewish women killed annually by fathers and brothers in "honor killings": 0 Number of Christian or Jewish prayer services allowed in Saudi Arabia: 0 Number of Muslim prayer services allowed in Israel: unlimited Number of Arabs Israel allows to live in Arab settlements in Israel: 1,250,000 Number of Jews Palestinian Authority allows to live in Jewish settlements in Palestinian Authority: 0 Percentage of U.N. Commission on Human Rights resolutions condemning an Arab country for human rights violations: 0 Percentage of U.N. Commission on Human Rights resolutions condemning Israel for human rights violations: 26 Number of U.N. Security Council resolutions on the Middle East between 1948 and 1991: 175 Number of these resolutions against Israel: 97 Number of these resolutions against an Arab state: 4 Number of Arab countries that have been members of the U.N. Security Council: 16 Number of times Israel has been a member of the U.N. Security Council: 0 Number of U.N. General Assembly resolutions condemning Israel: 322 Number of U.N. General Assembly resolutions condemning an Arab country: 0 Percentage of U.N. votes in which Arab countries voted with the United States in 2002: 16.6 Percentage of U.N. votes in which Israel voted with the United States in 2002: 92.6 Percentage of Middle East Studies professors who defend Zionism and Israel: approximately 1. Percentage of Middle East Studies professors who believe in diversity on college campuses: 100 Percentage of people who argue that the Jewish state has no right to exist who also believe some other country has no right to exist: 0 Percentage of people who argue that of all the countries in the world, only the Jewish state has no right to exist and yet deny they are anti-Jewish: approximately 100 Number of Muslims in the world: more than 1 billion Number of Muslim demonstrations against Islamic terror: approximately 2 -- As they say...you do the math. Andrew B.

 ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan's prime minister-designate Shaukat Aziz survived an assassination attempt on Friday, according to a reporter traveling with him on an election campaign tour. Private Geo television said two people were killed, including Aziz's driver. "As he (Aziz) came out of a public meeting, there was a blast. Many people have been wounded. Some also died. But with the grace of God he is safe and sound," the journalist said. The attack took place close to the town of Attock in the northwest of the central Punjab province, where Aziz, currently finance minister, is campaigning for a by-election on August 18. -- These terrorists want to just take over the world with Radical Islam. These guys are so brazen. They just don't care. They don't care about themselves or anyone. It's really crazy. Andrew B.



 By Geetinder Garewal UNA, India (Reuters) - Hundreds of men armed with iron rods blocked traffic in northern India on Friday in protest against New Delhi's failure to win the release of three Indian hostages in Iraq (news - web sites), as a deadline set by the kidnappers drew near. The villagers squatted on a state highway leading to the home of Antaryami, one of seven foreign truck drivers being held by militants in Iraq who have threatened to kill one of their captives by 1500 GMT on Friday. But a spokeswoman for his employer, Kuwait and Gulf Link Transport Company, said the firm was sending an official to negotiate with the captors and understood that the deadline had been pushed back. Groups of young men, armed with iron rods and bamboo sticks, roamed Una, a town of 12,000 people, enforcing a general strike to protest against the kidnappings. "If anyone tries to come through this town, we will burn his vehicle," said Tarsem Lal, a resident. Two buses carrying about 35 foreign tourists returning from the northern hill town of Dharamsala to New Delhi were stuck in the traffic jam before police escorted them out of the district. -- As if India was responsible for them being captured in the first place? What is wrong with these people. they should be protesting the terrorists...NOT THEIR OWN GOVERNMENT. This is exactly what the terrorists want. They want chaos...they want opposition. They people to be distracted by what they are doing...to disrupt the progress in Iraq. Andrew B.

 ISTANBUL, Turkey - Turkish authorities seized 200 pounds of plastic explosives Friday hidden in a truck as it crossed into Turkey from Iraq (news - web sites), the Anatolia news agency reported. Acting on a tip, paramilitary police searched the truck at the Habur border gate with Iraq and found the C-4 explosives, 20 detonators and more than 10,000 bullets for automatic weapons hidden in a secret compartment, the agency reported. Officials were not immediately available for comment. The truck driver was detained and authorities were investigating the incident, Anatolia said. The truck's destination was not immediately clear. C-4 is a common variety of military explosives. Radical Kurdish, Islamic, and leftist groups are active in Turkey and have carried out past attacks.

 --In Gaza, as reported days earlier...the PMBCS ("Palestinian" Martyr Burrito Crowd Surfing) is the newest "extreme" sport. It's all the rage to the local community. This is incredible...we can watch them prepare this new tradition. Stay tuned for updates.-- Update: The crowd has gathered...it's now or never to start the PMBCS. You need a good sized crowd or else the body will fall. Elusive indeed. Update: There...you see? They can't resist the power of the PMBCS...it's more than just a "FAD". No longer shall this elusive force of "Palestinian" life be supressed. Behold...I bring forth to you "Palestinian" Martyr Burrito Crowd Surfing.

 --Must be a Zionist Conspiracy that we have no coffee! Look at us we are really really really mad. Maybe we're mad because we are not allowed to drink, relax, have sex, own a dog, get along with anyone or even the most important one of all masterbate. We can't even masterbate! Yeeeeeaaaaaaaarrrrgggggggggg (Cue the Howard Dean Scream) -Now I know why they are mad as hell!--

 By STEVEN GUTKIN, Associated Press Writer JERUSALEM - Israel is rerouting its West Bank barrier to move it closer to the 1967 pre-war boundary, but it will still jut into the occupied territory to encircle major Jewish settlements, a Defense Ministry official said Thursday. The disclosure of the fence's new route by Nezah Mashiah, head of the barrier project in the Defense Ministry, was a sign that recent international and domestic challenges would not deter Israel from keeping Jewish settlement blocs on the "Israeli side" of the barrier. The barrier is an integral part of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon (news - web sites)'s plan of "unilateral disengagement" from the Palestinians. The plan envisions an Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip (news - web sites) and four West Bank settlements by late next year. -- What is wrong with this? You see...this is how the LLL win their case. When Israel gives in a little and moves the 'barrier' route...the LLL smell blood and see weakness. So what do they (LLL) do? They go in for the kill...so to speak...saying it's still illegal, it's hurting people, its this...its that. The only thing they CAN'T admit is that it is saving Israeli lives day by day. More and more Israelis are living proof that this BARRIER is working. Baruch Ashem!!! Andrew B.

 By MAGGIE MICHAEL, Associated Press Writer CAIRO, Egypt - A little-known militant group threatened to attack any Arab country that sends troops to help stabilize Iraq (news - web sites), hours after the leaders of several nations indicated they were seriously considering a Saudi proposal for a Muslim security force to help the interim Iraqi government. Yemen and Bahrain have offered help under certain conditions, and foreign ministers from Algeria, Bahrein and Tunisia met Thursday with their Iraqi counterpart to discuss prospects of sending of Arab troops to Iraq. Pakistan could send several hundred troops. Yet while Arab governments and other Muslim countries say they want to help restore calm in Iraq — and have an interest in ensuring violence there does not destabilize the region — they must move carefully to avoid angering their citizens, many of whom are hostile toward the United States and Iraq's U.S.-backed government. -- I think that it is a good idea to bring Arab soldiers...so that Iraqi citizens will not constantly think that we are trying to rule them. (Which we are not) I have said this before and I'll say it again. The only way for Iraq to be free is to have Iraqis come out and defend their own country. Fighting for freedom is a hard task. this could take years to win...maybe decades, but it is worth fighting for. Patience. Andrew B.

 By STEVE WEIZMAN, Associated Press Writer JERUSALEM - Israeli police have begun a criminal investigation against nuclear whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu over interviews he gave to foreign media in an apparent breach of a court order, Israeli officials said Thursday. The Justice Ministry said in a statement that Israel's security services believe that during the interviews with the British Broadcasting Corp. and the London Sunday Times, given shortly after his release from prison in April, Vanunu made references to secret material he was forbidden to discuss. The statement gave no further details about Vanunu's alleged violations. It is possible Vanunu might face new charges that could eventually result in another prison sentence, but this could not be determined at the start of the inquiry. Vanunu served an 18-year sentence for espionage and treason for divulging information about Israel's Dimona nuclear plant, where he worked as a technician. The details led experts to conclude that Israel a large nuclear weapons stockpile, though it has never acknowledged having one. As a condition of his release, Vanunu was barred from speaking to foreign journalists. -- He couldn't just keep his yapper shut. He had to talk to someone about his "problems". This guy needs a psychologist not a journalist. You think he would know the difference. Andrew B.

 CAIRO, Egypt - A third threat in a week against America's European allies appeared Friday on an Internet site known for extremist Muslim postings. The statement claimed to have come from militants in Italy and, like a similar one Wednesday and another on Monday, was signed Abu Hafs al-Masri Brigades. Friday's statement, however, dismissed the previous threats as fakes, even though all sounded the same anti-U.S. themes. U.S. officials and some terrorism experts believe Abu Hafs al-Masri Brigades, which claimed responsibility for the Madrid train bombings that killed about 191 people on March 11, lacks credibility and has only tenuous ties to al-Qaida. It has issued claims for events in which it almost certainly had no involvement, including blackouts in North America and Britain. "From here in Italy, and from Britain and Bulgaria, and all European countries, we call on all our people to mobilize and prepare to engage in the battle, a new type and style of battle. Prepare to shed blood, let us make it an endless bloody war," Friday's statement said. The statement said European governments were at risk "so long as you are in the shadow of the vile government of (President) Bush." All this week's statements referred to an April 15 audiotape in which al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden (news - web sites) said he was calling a truce for three months and urged European states to leave Iraq (news - web sites), Afghanistan (news - web sites) and other Muslim countries within that period or risk a terror campaign. The statements noted the truce period has expired. -- I hope Aaron over at urlLink Internet :: Haganah has read this article and doing some research. (Fingers are crossed) Andrew B.

 By RAVI NESSMAN, Associated Press Writer BAGHDAD, Iraq - Fierce fighting between U.S. Marines backed by fighter aircraft and insurgents using small arms and mortars killed 13 Iraqis in Fallujah overnight, and Secretary of State Colin Powell (news - web sites) made an unannounced visit to Baghdad on Friday. "We have to make sure that these insurgents understand that we will not be deterred ... . The terrorists will be defeated, there can be no other option," Powell said after meeting with Interim President Ghazi al-Yawer. Powell's stop in the capital followed a decision Thursday by Iraqi authorities to abruptly postpone a national conference of political, religious and civic leaders considered a crucial step on the road to democracy. Officials said the two-week delay of the gathering — which by law was to have been held by the end of July — came at the request of the United Nations (news - web sites), which hoped to persuade more Iraqis to participate even as key factions threatened to boycott and others failed to choose delegates. Officials insisted pushing the event back would have no effect on Iraq (news - web sites)'s first democratic elections, scheduled for January. -- Notice how the AP says IRAQIS...they don't say terrorists or "insurgents"...making it seem as if we just killed at random some Iraqi people. I love the AP and their spin. They love to try to demoralize us and our Allies...to no avail of course. Andrew B.

 By Shamil Baigin TASHKENT (Reuters) - A series of simultaneous explosions struck the U.S. and Israeli embassies and the prosecutor's office in the Uzbek capital Tashkent on Friday, killing at least two people and wounding five. The three blasts appeared to have been triggered by suicide bombers. Uzbekistan is a U.S. ally in the war on terror. The action appeared clearly coordinated, as the trial proceeded in Tashkent of 15 people on charges of trying to overthrow the ex-Soviet state in connection with attacks in February that killed nearly 50 people. The three buildings are spread across the modern city of two million people located in the heart of arid Central Asia. Israeli sources said at least two people had died outside the Jewish state's embassy. "There are two dead, both Uzbek citizens, and there may be a third dead," an Israeli source told Reuters of the blast outside the Jewish state's embassy. "The blast occurred outside the embassy." Another security source said the blast occurred in the embassy's security screening area for people wanting to enter the building. Israeli officials said they did not know of any claim of responsibility for the explosion. The U.S. embassy said there were no known injuries in the blast which happened outside the embassy compound. "There has been a confirmed explosion near the U.S. embassy in Tashkent. And there are no confirmed injuries at this time," the spokeswoman, reached by telephone from Moscow, said. Update: A third blast hit the general prosecutor's office and caused "deaths," a Russian news agency reported. A spokeswoman at the prosecutor's office confirmed the blast. Israeli Ambassador Tzvi Cohen also said no Israelis were hurt. "An explosive device exploded at the entrance to the embassy in Tashkent but it's still not clear if it was an explosive device or a suicide bomber," Cohen told Israel Radio from the embassy. A man who said he arrived at the scene before police, Konstantin Ivanov, said he saw four severed hands lying in the street. more updates to come...

 WASHINGTON (CNN) -- An American Muslim leader is expected to admit being involved in an alleged Libyan plot to assassinate Saudi Arabia's crown prince, CNN has learned. Abdurahman Alamoudi is not charged in the assassination plot, but government sources said he has agreed to fully cooperate in what one senior government official called "a real intelligence coup for the United States." Alamoudi has struck a plea deal with federal prosecutors and is expected to plead guilty in federal court Friday to charges related to his dealings with Libya. "This guy was really well-connected and he knows who all the players are," the official told CNN. Saudi Arabian and U.S. authorities have been investigating the alleged plot by Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi to assassinate Crown Prince Abdullah bin Aziz. -- Right...and this Muslim "leader" was considered to be a "moderate" in the Muslim community? If so, we are in for a rude awakening when we find out more "leaders" of this faith are doing the same thing Alamoudi was planning. If I were a Muslim, I would be outraged at myself, not at the Media, our government or anyone else. I would kick myself in the ass for believing this snake oil salesmen that lead his flock astray. I would be furious for letting this guy have the power and authority to speak for me. That is the worst thing about this whole case, the fact that Alamoudi represented so many Muslims and he let them down as well as the rest of America. Andrew B.

 :: Muqtada Al-Sadr called his followers to remove his pictures from the walls and streets in an attempt to show his modesty. He also claimed that he has nothing to do with the atrocities and abusive actions of "some" of his followers. I don’t know why you remind me of Saddam, Muqtada! To be more accurate; you’re a stupid Mullah (and Mulahs are already stupid) with the criminal attitude of Saddam and some comic qualities of Ghaddafi. By the way, his pictures are already being torn and disfigured everywhere, and probably this is why he’s asking for their removal, as his followers were posting his pictures on the walls everywhere since the end of the war and only recently Iraqis' rejection and contempt for him have grown and they have expressed this through tearing his pictures and erasing his name leaving only his father’s name, as it’s part of his malicious propaganda to put the two together, along with the Iraqi flag so that no one would dare to tear the poster. Sometimes you make me sick, sometimes you make me laugh but you always make me wonder; what kind of world is this that allows an imbecile like you not only to cosume some of earth's Oxygen but also to pollute the lives of millions of people by forcing them to see your, uh.. VERY handsome face and hear your eloquent speeches everyday!? As if we don't have enough problems already! -- Great story. Always go to Iraq the Model at least once a day. It's like taking your daily vitamin...when I read Ali's stories I know in my heart that what we are doing is so profoundly right. Andrew B.

 IRAQI NATIONAL GUARD COMPOUND MAHMUDIYAH, Iraq (July 20, 2004) -- The quick reaction of two Iraqi National Guard soldiers cost them their own lives, but saved those of 250 recently. "The people who did this are against the advancement of Iraq. They are only trying to start violence and cause a nuisance," said Sgt. Ali Al-Hamdani, a spokesman for the Mahmudiyah ING. "These soldiers were very good at their duties. Their sacrifice is necessary for the security of Iraq." More than 250 Iraqi men had gathered outside the front gates of the compound here during the morning of July 17. Many were interested in joining the newly formed Iraqi National Guard and working to rebuild their country. One terrorist saw this as the best time to strike. A taxi approached the front gates at 7:45 a.m., according to witnesses. One of the Iraqi soldiers on duty at the gate that morning was Adil Abed, a young man who was planning to be married next week. He would never see his ceremony or his bride-to-be again. Abed attempted to stop the suspicious taxi. When the driver failed to respond, Abed fired his AK-47 and the driver returned fire with a pistol, hitting Abed. The soldier's comrade Sadaam Obeeid rushed forward to help his friend when the taxi, packed with explosives, detonated. The blast sent shrapnel and debris a hundred meters in every direction killing the two soldiers, the driver and injuring many of the civilians standing near the gate. The engine block of the taxi landed 80 meters away from the blast. It landed on top of a parked car. -- What courage. What bravery. This is the kind of story that needs to get out to the Iraqi people. Stories about Iraqis standing up for freedom and dying for freedom. These are Iraqis TRUE heros. My prayers go out to these and others who have given their lives for this great cause. They answered their country's call. They paid the ultimate sacrifice. May their souls be bound up in the love of G-d for eternity. Andrew B.

 By Evelyn Leopold UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States scheduled a U.N. vote for Friday on its resolution threatening sanctions against Sudan if it did not stop atrocities in Darfur but changed contentious language to get support. After facing opposition from seven countries in the 15-member Security Council, U.S. officials on Thursday deleted the word "sanctions" for the draft resolution." But the measure still carries the same threat of unspecified sanctions against Khartoum in 30 days through more cumbersome language by referring to provisions in the U.N. Charter on economic, communications or diplomatic sanctions. "The initial draft included the word sanctions. It turns out that the use of that word is objectionable to certain members of the Security Council," U.S. Ambassador John Danforth told reporters. "They would rather use 'U.N. speak' for exactly the same thing." Addressing the Khartoum government, Danforth said, "They created this monster. It's their responsibility to control it." Council members said they expected a "yes" vote from every country except China and Pakistan, which are expected to abstain. They said the softening of language made the sanctions threat less dramatic to some nations. Europeans Britain, France, Germany, Spain and Romania will co-sponsor the measure. -- Just vote already...get it done with. These people are being murdered left and right. It's time to end it NOW. Andrew B.

 --Why does everyone always label me the "World's Oldest Terrorist"? Look at me...I don't even have the strength to pick up a toothbrush let alone a Kalashnikov.--

 --"Palestinian" children try to recreate one of Richard Long's famous rock sculptures only with a little extra "Flavor"--

 --Aweeee.....We want da Funk...Gotta have dat Funk...Aweeeee...We Want da Fuck...Gotta have dat Funk!--

 In the last days before the Democratic National Convention, John Kerry and John Edwards adopted a campaign slogan: “Let America Be America Again.” They were clearly pleased by its provenance, as the first line of a poem written by black poet Langston Hughes (1902-67). At the height of his fame, Hughes was known as the “Shakespeare in Harlem.” He also had long history as a Communist activist and virulent atheist. And this poem clearly echoes his admiration of Stalinism. Hughes' personal history shaped him for a life of social protest. Born in deeply racist Joplin, Missouri, in 1902, he produced a distinctly black and proletarian protest poetry. At first, Hughes believed that assimilation would solve the Negro's problems and was an engaged participant in the Harlem Renaissance, which held out great promise for integration through black self-expression, but this faltered in the wake of the Great Depression.With it, Hughes' optimistic hopes for racial progress faltered, too. And his hope for a socialist utopia came to the fore. Although Hughes didn't actually join the Communist Party during this period, he nurtured a genuine love affair with the Soviet cause. Having previously published his views through Crisis, the literary organ of the NAACP, Hughes turned to New Masses, the propaganda arm of the Communist Party USA. He joined the (Marxist) John Reed Club, and took on the job as director of the pro-Communist Suitcase Theatre, where Whittaker Chambers was also involved. Hughes stayed in the Soviet Union for nearly a year; his 1956 memoir, I Wonder as I Wander, chronicles a watershed voyage he made to the Soviet Union in 1932. The volume makes clear that, like so many superficially educated Americans, Hughes allowed himself to be exploited by the Soviets, becoming another of Lenin’s literary “useful idiots.” The poem John Kerry selected as his campaign slogan clearly reflects Hughes' years as an anti-American Marxist. His antipathy to the United States is echoed in the poem's refrain, “It never was America to me.” “Let America Be America Again” is hardly a patriotic salute to this great nation but rather a stark portrait of an Evil Empire. In another verse, Hughes mocks America's designation as "The Land of the Free": "Who said 'the free'?... The millions on relief today? The millions shot down when we strike? The millions who have nothing for our pay? For all the dreams we've dreamed And all the songs we've sung And all the hopes we've held And all the flags we've hung, The millions who have nothing for our pay - Except the dream that's almost dead today." As the verses unfold, it becomes clear that Hughes is evangelizing for his radical faith: "From those who live like leeches on the people's lives, We must take back our land again, America!... "We, the people, must redeem The land, the mines, the plants, the rivers, The mountains and the endless plain - All, all the stretch of these great green states - And make America again!" When Hughes says "We, the people,” he does not use the phrase in the same sense that the Founding Fathers did in the Constitution, but rather the way Marx, Lenin and Trotsky employed it: the revolutionary Vanguard of the coming socialist State. -- What a surprise that these 2 far LEFT wackos would use this as their campaign slogan. I knew it...they were pinkos. Andrew B.

 By Joe Kovacs © 2004 WorldNetDaily.com Tear down the wall! That was the lyrical message in 1979 from British rock band Pink Floyd, and it's now the mantra of the group's co-founder Roger Waters, who is looking to demolish the concrete barrier in Israel. Waters, who has since left the band, is launching "the Writings on the Wall" campaign with his famous line "we don't need no thought control" scribbled under his signature on an eight-foot replica of the fence. "The poverty inflicted by the wall has been devastating for Palestinians," said Waters. "It has kept children from their schools, the sick from proper medical care and continues to destroy the Palestinian economy." Waters is the first of a handful of British celebrities to sign up for the campaign, which is sponsored by the London-based anti-poverty group War on Want. For those outside Great Britain, a virtual wall will soon be active online where the public can "paint" their own messages. As WorldNetDaily reported last month, the wall is being credited for a huge drop in terrorism in Israel. At this time last year, there were 20 suicide bombings killing 141, while 2002 saw 25 such attacks in which 147 Israelis were killed. So far this year, there have been only two bombings in Israel proper, killing 19. Israel says its tactics clearly are working and that life in the Jewish state may gradually be restored to the way it was before the violence started in 2000. The security fence completed in Gaza and the one being constructed in the West Bank are credited with keeping suicide bombers out, and raids in Palestinian areas and targeted killings of top terrorist commanders seem to be putting Hamas, Islamic Jihad and the Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades on the run and unable to orchestrate attacks. -- Errrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrraaaaaghhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!! I am so sick of these people preaching about things they know NOTHING about. I am sick and tired of it. Shut up and JUST SING. G-d damn it. You know nothing about what is going on. The wall shouldn't be built, but it has to because some people...(i.e.-the "Palestinians) want to kill Israelis and not just some, but ALL OF THEM. Israel's main obligation to her people is to protect them. Arafat and his goon squad are doing nothing, if HELPING the terrorists. Why can't people get it? It's not a hard subject. Terrorists want to kill Israelis. Israelis are trying to protect themselves. They build a fence / wall / ditches / water gaps / etc... for protection. What is so effing hard to understand? Think, Read, Learn and then Shut the Hell UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! G-d damn it you arrogant prick! Andrew B.

 Dr. Rif'at Sayyed Ahmad, director of the "Jaffa Research Center" in Cairo and columnist for Al-Liwaa Al-Islami, which is the Egypt's ruling National Democratic Party's paper, published a two-part article titled 'The Lie About The Burning of the Jews.' In his article, Ahmad stated, using the work of Western Holocaust deniers, that the burning of Jews in gas chambers during World War II was a tale made up by the Zionist movement in order to extort the West and make possible the establishment of the Zionist enterprise. The following are excerpts from the article:(1) 'Did this Holocaust Indeed Take Place, and what is the Truth about the Numbers?' "The Zionist enterprise on the land of Palestine succeeded by means of lies and myths, from the myth of the 'Chosen People' and the 'Promised Land' to the lie about the burning of the Jews in the Nazi gas chambers during World War II. When these means were scientifically examined, it was proven that they were untrue, that their reasoning was weak, and that they cannot withstand the test of solid fact. "What interests us here is that this lie [about] the burning of the Jews in the Nazi crematoria has been disseminated throughout the world until our time in order to extort the West and make it easier for the Jews of Europe to hunt [sic] Palestine and establish a state on it, in disregard of the most basic principles of international law and the right of peoples to independent life without occupation. [This lie] was raised [also] so that [the Jews] would receive financial, technological, and economic aid from the West. "During the past 50 years, Germany alone gave a total of some $100 billion. Many European countries began to amend their laws so that they would be compatible with the Holocaust myth ... and they toughened the regulations, resolutions, and laws convicting anyone who mocks this lie or tries to [state that] the number of victims was smaller - as happened to Muslim philosopher Roger Garaudy in France. "This entire situation has turned the Holocaust - that is, Hitler's operation of burning the Jews in gas chambers - into a drawn sword at the necks of historians and serious researchers in the West, and even in the East. At the same time, [the Holocaust] became profitable goods for the Zionist entity... "At a conference of 50 countries held in Germany in April 2004, the German foreign minister delivered a speech called 'Antisemitism.' He demanded that the conference participants demonstrate solidarity with Israel and fight those who deny or cast doubt on the matter of the burning of the Jews in the Nazi crematoria. Several months ago in the city of Stockholm, Sweden, some 26 European and non-European countries passed a resolution to teach 'the false Nazi holocaust' that Hitler had carried out against the Jews, at all stages of study in the schools of the participating countries. At the same time, there were words of appreciation for the Israeli prime minister, whose entity is today implementing the same purported Hitler Nazism. -- Read the rest on the website. It's pretty sad. These people are just full of hate. I think they hate Jews more now than any time in history. It's disgusting. Andrew B.

 Iran is producing its first stealth missile, a rocket that can evade electronic detection, the Iranian Defense Ministry said Tuesday. The missile, named Kowsar after a river in paradise, will be capable of hitting ships and aircraft, Defense Ministry spokesman Mohammad Reza Imani told The Associated Press. He refused to give the missile's range or provide other details. Features of the Kowsar, such as its guidance and positioning systems, are currently on show at an exhibition in Tehran that is open only to select government officials. Iranian state television announced the Kowsar Tuesday while screening pictures of a missile flying through the air. Iran manufactures various missiles, chief among them the Shahab-3 whose range of 1,300 kilometers (810-miles) makes it capable of reaching Israel. Iran also produces tanks, armored personnel carriers, and a fighter plane. The Kowsar river is mentioned in the Quran, Islam's holy book. -- They can try all they want we will out smart them. We will make a missle or detector to detect their "STEALTH" missle. Iran...you cannot defeat us. We will prevail. Freedom, justice and order will bring you down. Your own people have had enough already. They will fight for their freedom soon enough. Keep pushing the envelope...see what will happen. You'll see. Andrew B.

 By JAMIE TARABAY, Associated Press Writer BAGHDAD, Iraq - Iraq (news - web sites) authorities abruptly put off Thursday a national conference of political, religious and civic leaders considered a crucial step on the road to democracy amid disarray over choosing delegates and boycott threats by key factions. The announcement came a day after a car bombing killed 70 people, the worst single attack since U.S. officials transferred power to an interim Iraqi government. The national conference, which had been scheduled to start Saturday, appeared to be far behind schedule even before the two-week delay was announced. No venue had been disclosed and there were no outward signs in Baghdad of preparations for the 1,000-person gathering. Conference organizers insisted they were ready to start, but agreed to the postponement at the request of U.N. officials, who wanted time to encourage wider participation and prepare for the meeting. Officials hope the conference, which is to elect an interim national assembly, will give Iraqis faith in their government and isolate the insurgents who have carried out a 15-month campaign of bombings, assassinations and kidnappings. One insurgent group linked to Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi said Thursday it had kidnapped a Somali truck driver and would behead him if his Kuwaiti company did not stop working in Iraq. Another group threatened to behead one of seven foreign truck drivers it was holding in 24 hours if its string of demands, which included a pullout by their company, were not met. Also Thursday, a U.S. soldier was killed in clashes north of Baghdad, and a Polish soldier died in a roadside bombing. The American's death raises the number of U.S. personnel killed in Iraq since the war began to at least 909, according to an Associated Press tally. Marines and Iraqi troops engaged in a hourslong battle later Thursday with insurgents in the volatile city of Fallujah, the military said. Witnesses reported hearing more than 60 mortar rounds fired toward the eastern edge of the city, where Americans are based, and planes flying overhead. -- If they have to delay the vote, then fine...but know this...when you delay or give in to terrorists it only emboldens them. Iraqis need to take back their streets and stand up for freedom. If they do not, then freedom will be a bittersweet, short lived idea that will never come to pass for these people. Andrew B.

 By JAMIE TARABAY, Associated Press Writer BAGHDAD, Iraq - Iraq (news - web sites) authorities abruptly put off Thursday a national conference of political, religious and civic leaders considered a crucial step on the road to democracy amid disarray over choosing delegates and boycott threats by key factions. The announcement came a day after a car bombing killed 70 people, the worst single attack since U.S. officials transferred power to an interim Iraqi government. The national conference, which had been scheduled to start Saturday, appeared to be far behind schedule even before the two-week delay was announced. No venue had been disclosed and there were no outward signs in Baghdad of preparations for the 1,000-person gathering. Conference organizers insisted they were ready to start, but agreed to the postponement at the request of U.N. officials, who wanted time to encourage wider participation and prepare for the meeting. Officials hope the conference, which is to elect an interim national assembly, will give Iraqis faith in their government and isolate the insurgents who have carried out a 15-month campaign of bombings, assassinations and kidnappings. One insurgent group linked to Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi said Thursday it had kidnapped a Somali truck driver and would behead him if his Kuwaiti company did not stop working in Iraq. Another group threatened to behead one of seven foreign truck drivers it was holding in 24 hours if its string of demands, which included a pullout by their company, were not met. Also Thursday, a U.S. soldier was killed in clashes north of Baghdad, and a Polish soldier died in a roadside bombing. The American's death raises the number of U.S. personnel killed in Iraq since the war began to at least 909, according to an Associated Press tally. Marines and Iraqi troops engaged in a hourslong battle later Thursday with insurgents in the volatile city of Fallujah, the military said. Witnesses reported hearing more than 60 mortar rounds fired toward the eastern edge of the city, where Americans are based, and planes flying overhead. -- If they have to delay the vote, then fine...but know this...when you delay or give in to terrorists it only emboldens them. Iraqis need to take back their streets and stand up for freedom. If they do not, then freedom will be a bittersweet, short lived idea that will never come to pass for these people. Andrew B.

 By JAMIE TARABAY, Associated Press Writer BAGHDAD, Iraq - Iraq (news - web sites) authorities abruptly put off Thursday a national conference of political, religious and civic leaders considered a crucial step on the road to democracy amid disarray over choosing delegates and boycott threats by key factions. The announcement came a day after a car bombing killed 70 people, the worst single attack since U.S. officials transferred power to an interim Iraqi government. The national conference, which had been scheduled to start Saturday, appeared to be far behind schedule even before the two-week delay was announced. No venue had been disclosed and there were no outward signs in Baghdad of preparations for the 1,000-person gathering. Conference organizers insisted they were ready to start, but agreed to the postponement at the request of U.N. officials, who wanted time to encourage wider participation and prepare for the meeting. Officials hope the conference, which is to elect an interim national assembly, will give Iraqis faith in their government and isolate the insurgents who have carried out a 15-month campaign of bombings, assassinations and kidnappings. One insurgent group linked to Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi said Thursday it had kidnapped a Somali truck driver and would behead him if his Kuwaiti company did not stop working in Iraq. Another group threatened to behead one of seven foreign truck drivers it was holding in 24 hours if its string of demands, which included a pullout by their company, were not met. Also Thursday, a U.S. soldier was killed in clashes north of Baghdad, and a Polish soldier died in a roadside bombing. The American's death raises the number of U.S. personnel killed in Iraq since the war began to at least 909, according to an Associated Press tally. Marines and Iraqi troops engaged in a hourslong battle later Thursday with insurgents in the volatile city of Fallujah, the military said. Witnesses reported hearing more than 60 mortar rounds fired toward the eastern edge of the city, where Americans are based, and planes flying overhead. -- If they have to delay the vote, then fine...but know this...when you delay or give in to terrorists it only emboldens them. Iraqis need to take back their streets and stand up for freedom. If they do not, then freedom will be a bittersweet, short lived idea that will never come to pass for these people. Andrew B.

 DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (Reuters) - Pakistan has arrested a senior al Qaeda figure with a bounty of up to $25 million on his head, Interior Minister Makhdoom Faisal Saleh Hayat told CNN television Thursday. He said the suspect had been captured during a raid in central Pakistan a few days ago. He did not identify the captive but said he was "a person who is most wanted internationally." Al Arabiya satellite news channel quoted Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf as saying the suspect was arrested Sunday. "The Pakistani president said the arrested person is Tanzanian who is married to an Uzbek woman, and who is wanted by the United States," the station said. Al Arabiya said the suspect may be Ahmed Khalfan Ghailani. Ghailani is the only Tanzanian on the FBI's most wanted "terrorists" list, for his alleged role in the 1998 bombings by al Qaeda of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. Pakistan later said it had arrested a key suspect in the bombings. Ghailani was among seven people about whom the United States said in May it was seeking information amid fears of a possible attack in the near future. An FBI Web site lists Ghailani as a suspect in the African embassy bombings and says it is offering a reward of up to $25 million for information leading to his capture. A Pakistani official said Tuesday that Pakistani security forces were holding three Africans, including a Tanzanian, suspected of being militants after a shootout last week. Another said the suspects had been trying to flee Pakistan along with their families, using fake documents, after living in neighboring Afghanistan. Pakistan, a key ally in the U.S.-led "war on terror," has arrested hundreds of al Qaeda members since the September 11, 2001 attacks on the United States. Several senior al Qaeda figures have been handed over to Washington. -- Damn...my fingers were crossed for Osama. I wish we got him...not that he is the end all the 'War on Terror'. It would be a good start though. Andrew B.

 By Amos Harel, Haaretz Correspondent Israel and the United States on Thursday held a successful test of the Arrow anti-ballistic missile system - the world's only operational missile killer system - off the coast of California. The Defense Ministry and the Israel Aircraft Industries announced Thursday that the Arrow successfully intercepted an incoming Scud ballistic missile, in flight over the Pacific Ocean. The realistic test of the Arrow ABM system was the first of its kind and had been planned for two years. Since the last Gulf War, Israel - with U.S. financial backing - has developed the Arrow anti-missile missile, At approximately 8:25 P.M. Israel time, a Scud missile, confiscated by the United States from Iraq, was launched from a U.S. Naval Air Warfare Center, at Point Magu near Los Angeles. The Scud was identified and fixed by the system's radar, Green Pine, and it directed an Arrow missile at the target, intercepting it fully. This "realistic scenario could not be carried out in Israel because of safety reasons" a Defense Ministry announcement said. This was the 12th test of an Arrow missile and the 7th of the overall system, that includes the Green Pine radar. Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz described the results of the test as "being further proof for the technological superiority of the Israeli defense industries." "We are in an age of uncertainty. Countries in the third sphere continue in their efforts to acquire non-conventional capabilities along with abilities at long-range launches," Mofaz said. -- I think this was directed at certain countries...like let's say...perhaps....IRAN or.....hmmmm...North Korea? Yup, that's what I think. Just when you think their technology has trumped us. We come back with something that will make their missles useless. Andrew B.

 © 2004 WorldNetDaily.com The Muslim imam who gave a closing benediction at the Democratic National Convention in Boston also served as a character witness to Sami al-Arian, the Florida professor indicted by the U.S. Justice Department on 50 counts of terror-related charges. On the second day of the Democratic National Convention, Imam Yahya Hendi said the closing prayer of the night with some verses from the Quran. Yet, last July, the 9-11 commission heard testimony from terrorism expert Steven Emerson that Hendi, one of the top Islamic clerics in the U.S., backed al-Arian – head of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad in North America. On Feb. 20, 2003, the Justice Department released a 50-count, 121-page federal indictment of al-Arian, a University of South Florida professor who's awaiting trial on charges of funneling money and support to Palestinian Islamic Jihad. Al-Arian's close ties to both PIJ and Hamas go back to at least 1995. Al-Arian used a group he founded, the Islamic Committee for Palestine, to plead for funds for PIJ and Hamas. Conferences organized by ICP featured Islamic Jihad founder Abdel Aziz-Odeh, Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman (spiritual leader of the 1993 World Trade Center bombers), leading Hamas official Mohammed Sakr and high-ranking Sudanese terrorist Hassan Turabi, a close ally of Osama bin Laden. -- Why does this not surprise me that the Dems would let this vile person speak at their convention. This is wrong in every sense. I am can no longer look at the Dems with an objective eye. Andrew B.

 By Dean Yates BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Kidnappers holding seven foreign drivers hostage in Iraq (news - web sites) threatened to "slaughter" one of them on Friday if there was no answer to their demands, showing an Indian captive wearing orange clothing to make their point. In a videotape given to foreign news organisations on Thursday, the guerrillas did not say which hostage among three Indians, three Kenyans and one Eygptian they were threatening to kill by 7:00 p.m. (1500 GMT) on Friday. But the footage showed a masked man pointing an M-16 automatic rifle at the head of one of the Indian hostages, who sat on the floor, sweating and looking very afraid. "If no one responds to us, we will slaughter one of the hostages on Friday, July 30 at 7:00 p.m.," said a voice on the tape, adding the group had decided the hostages were fighters supporting the U.S. military in Iraq. Kidnappers in Iraq have repeatedly dressed hostages in orange before killing them, usually by beheading. The clothing mimics the orange jumpsuits worn by prisoners in U.S. detention facilities, including Muslim inmates at Guantanamo Bay. The seven truck drivers work for the Kuwait and Gulf Link Transport company, which has said it is in talks to secure the release of the drivers, who were seized more than a week ago. The kidnappers have demanded the firm pull out of Iraq, where guerrillas have stepped up a campaign of hostage-taking to force foreign troops and firms to leave. The company has said it would do all it could to free the men. -- Well...looks like we've seen this kind of act somewhere before. Andrew B.

 By RAWYA RAGEH, Associated Press Writer BAGHDAD, Iraq - Deposed Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein (news - web sites) suffers from a chronic prostate infection and has refused to have a biopsy to prove he does not have cancer, an Iraqi official said in an interview Thursday on Al-Jazeera television. X-rays and blood tests did not show anything more serious than the infection and Saddam seemed to be in good health otherwise, Iraqi Human Rights Minister Bakhtiar Amin said. Saddam, 67, has been held under U.S. detention at an undisclosed location in Iraq (news - web sites) since his capture last December. There have been several media reports saying his health was deteriorating — which the U.S. military denied Thursday. "Saddam did not have a stroke and he is not dead," 1st Sgt. Steve Valley told The Associated Press. He did not have further information. A Jordan-based spokesman for the International Committee of the Red Cross, the only neutral entity with access to Saddam, said Thursday the organization had no information about a downturn in Saddam's health. "Saddam's sickness was rumors spread by the media," Mu'in Kassis told The Associated Press. The ICRC said it has visited him at least twice to check on his condition and carry messages to his family. According to Amin, Saddam has lost weight after following a diet. He spends his time reading the Quran, writing poetry and tending to a garden, Amin said. -- Like I said...who gives a shit if this guy dies or not. I hope he lives long enough so that the Iraqi people can put him to death so they can have some closure. Andrew B.

 By KIM GAMEL, Associated Press Writer UNITED NATIONS - The United States dropped the word "sanctions" from a draft resolution on Sudan introduced in the U.N. Security Council Thursday but retained a threat of economic action against the Sudanese government if it fails to disarm Arab militias in the western region of Darfur. Algerian Ambassador Abdallah Baali said a vote on the resolution was "definitely" expected by the end of the week, possibly even later Thursday. The change in the text was made to overcome opposition in the 15-nation Security Council to the wording, as some members said Sudan should be given more time to end the violence that some have called ethnic cleansing and even genocide. The council held closed consultations on the new resolution Thursday morning. -- You've got to be kidding me. These terrorists are committing genocide and all we can do is just sit and look pretty waiting for the UN to kick into overdrive...which BTW will NEVER happen.

 By PETER ENAV, Associated Press Writer JERUSALEM - An Israeli helicopter fired two missiles at a Palestinian car in the Gaza Strip (news - web sites) on Thursday, killing two militants, Israeli military officials said. Three other Palestinians were killed in separate incidents in Gaza and the West Bank. In addition, Palestinian militants in Gaza fired two homemade rockets at the Israeli town of Sderot, despite a six-week-old Israeli military operation meant to prevent such attacks. No one was injured. Also on Thursday, a Defense Ministry official said a new route for Israel's West Bank barrier will bring it closer to the 1967 boundary, but the structure will still jut deep into the occupied territory in some areas. Nezah Mashiah, head of the barrier project in the Defense Ministry, told Israel Radio the new route would put the Jewish settlement bloc of Gush Etzion on the "Israeli side" of the contentious barrier. Gush Etzion — home to 40,000 Israelis — is about 6 miles southeast of Jerusalem. Mashiah said the Defense Ministry's new map is meant to comply with an Israeli Supreme Court ruling last month, which found that a 20-mile section of the barrier near Jerusalem violated Palestinian rights and international law. The Supreme Court said its ruling would apply to other sections of the 425-mile barrier. One-quarter of the structure has been built. "Within the framework of changes following the Supreme Court decision, there is certainly movement in the direction of the Green Line," Mashiah said, referring to the Israel-West Bank boundary until the 1967 Mideast war. -- Oh look...what a surprise a "Palestinian" Car Swarm sighting. Andrew B.

 By ALEKSANDAR VASOVIC, Associated Press Writer KIEV, Ukraine - Ukraine is negotiating with the United States and Poland to reduce and eventually withdraw its troops from Iraq (news - web sites), a top defense official said Thursday, becoming the latest country to consider pulling out its mission. Vyacheslav Bolotniuk, a spokesman for the Ukrainian Defense Ministry, gave no timeline. "There will be a decrease of troops," Bolotniuk told The Associated Press. Ukrainian troops have begun turning over guard duties of several key facilities to Iraqi soldiers, the Defense Ministry said in a statement, and Iraqi border guards took over patrols on a section of the Iraqi-Iranian border from a Ukrainian contingent. Earlier Thursday, Defense Minister Yevhen Marchuk told the ITAR-Tass news agency that negotiations had started in Warsaw earlier this year and continued last month at the NATO (news - web sites) summit in Istanbul. Ukraine opposed the U.S.-led war, but sent troops in part to improve relations with the United States amid accusations that President Leonid Kuchma approved the sale of radar systems to Saddam Hussein (news - web sites). Ukraine has 1,650 Ukrainian troops serving in the Polish-led force patrolling southern Iraq, making up the fourth-largest, non-U.S. contingent. The soldiers' mandate was up for renewal in August, and Kuchma had previously suggested that they would remain. -- You have to love the spin by the AP...making it seem as if Ukraine wants out right now. I'm dizzy from the spinning. Andrew B.

 DES MOINES - Michael Wagner lied about his name. He told the trooper who stopped him for not wearing a seat belt that he couldn't find his identification. Michael Wagner Then, Iowa State Patrol Trooper Kenneth Haas found a gun, three bulletproof vests, hundreds of rounds of ammunition, a flight simulator and a bag of flight manuals dating to 2001. Haas testified at a federal court hearing Tuesday that he also found a 5-foot telescope hooked to camera equipment, night-vision goggles and a night-vision rifle scope when searching Wagner's sport utility vehicle on July 14 on Interstate 80 near Council Bluffs. The materials, said Assistant U.S. Attorney Richard Rothrock, were "all of the equipment necessary for sniper attacks." Haas said a tape showed that when Wagner was alone with his wife in a cruiser after they were stopped, he spoke of killing the officers at the scene to get away. Haas and an agent with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives described Tuesday what was found in Wagner's vehicle and their conversations with him. Wagner, 44, of Santee, Calif., was indicted on charges of being a felon in possession of a firearm or ammunition and being a felon in possession of body armor. He pleaded not guilty to both charges Tuesday. Wagner, a Navy veteran, has been in custody since his arrest in Pottawattamie County. At his detention hearing, U.S. District Judge Celeste Bremer decided he should remain in custody while he awaits trial because he is a flight risk and a danger to the community. In 1988, Wagner was convicted of committing lewd and lascivious acts with a child under 14. His attorney, Angela Campbell, said the items found in Wagner's vehicle weren't illegal for average citizens to own and suggested that Wagner and his wife, Linda Maguire, were targeted because they are Muslim. Books written in Arabic, including the Koran, along with hundreds of pages printed from the Internet on the Iraq war and terrorism, were found in Wagner's vehicle. Wagner and his wife, who was at the court hearing, are both Muslim converts. During the traffic stop, Wagner repeatedly gave a false name, couldn't produce an identification card and showed signs of nervousness, Haas said, so the trooper searched the vehicle. Haas first discovered a 9 mm pistol and a loaded magazine in the car's back seat - the same area where the trooper let Wagner search for his identification. At that point, Haas handcuffed Wagner and seated Wagner's wife along with him in the cruiser. Their conversation was caught on tape. "I told you I should have killed him," Wagner said when his wife entered the trooper's cruiser. He mentioned getting his gun so he could "kill all three" officers looking through his vehicle, Haas testified. Then, Haas said, Wagner told his wife, "Find a handcuff key, get up here and run them over." -- Thank G-d, he's off the streets and hopefully they convict him on a bunch of charges so that he cannot be on the streets again for a long long time... Andrew B.

 BOSTON-At this morning's press conference RNC Chairman Ed Gillespie released the following Kerry Iraq Documentary -- You must see this film. urlLink Kerry Talks About Iraq Please click on the link and watch Kerry back himself into a corner. It's stunning how brazen he is with his words. The flipping the flopping...you'll think he should be in a water tank with some killer whales or something. Andrew B.

 By Shlomo Shamir NEW YORK - Arab states at the UN are trying to foil a proposal to raise a vote condemning anti-Semitism in the General Assembly this September. At a closed meeting held recently in New York, UN ambassadors from Arab and EU countries met and the Arabs made clear that they do not accept the initiative for the UN General Assembly to condemn anti-Semitism. The blunt language used by the Arabs describing their opposition, and their plans to use diplomatic means to prevent the resolution from reaching a vote, shocked the Europeans, said a UN source. According to UN sources, the Arab delegates were also critical of a UN seminar on anti-Semitism held last month. A senior Western diplomat said that among the Arabs who spoke with the Europeans was PLO observer Nasser al Kidwe attacked the content of UN Secretary general Koffi Annan's speech to the seminar last month, particularly Annan's pride in the cancelation of the 1975 Zionism equals racism resolution. -- I believe this is the part of the show where Europe finally wakes up and realizes what's going on in heir backyard. This is the turning point, in my opinion, in European - Arab history. From what I gather about this meeting...the Europeans were completely stunned that the Arab states wouldn't even consider a resolution to condemn anti-Semitism in the UN. In fact, they were offended by how brazen they said "no". The Europeans really are kind of naive to the fact that these Islamofascists are trying to take over the world and bring it back into the 6th century. Slowly, but surely most of Europe is waking up, but G-d only knows how long it is going to take for France, Germany and Belgium. Andrew B.

 PARIS - Vandals painted swastikas and satanic symbols on 32 tombstones at a Jewish cemetery in eastern France, officials said Wednesday. The damage was discovered Wednesday morning by someone visiting a family grave site at the cemetery in the Alsatian town of Saverne, officials said. Despite a series of government measures, anti-Semitic attacks have increased in recent years in France, frequently coinciding with rising tensions between Israelis and Palestinians. A recent report by the French Interior Ministry found 510 anti-Jewish acts or threats in the first six months of the year, compared with 593 for all of 2003. Interior Minister Dominique de Villepin said two suspects confessed to scrawling Nazi graffiti in May on a memorial in northeast France to honor Jewish soldiers who died in the Battle of Verdun in World War I. -- May G-d strike down with all his might against all who did this disgusting act of hate. Andrew B.

 GAZA CITY — The ruling Fatah movement of Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat has operated a summer camp that trains youngsters as young as 10 to abduct and kill Israelis. The training has been taking place in a summer camp for thousands of Palestinian youngsters in the Gaza Strip. The training included the use of semi-automatic rifles, hurling grenades as well as attacking and abducting Israeli motorists. Palestinian sources said the training of youngsters has taken place annually in the Gaza Strip. Several Palestinian correspondents have been invited to witness and film the exercises. The exercises included the firing of AK-47 Kalashnikov rifles by youngsters. The youngsters were also pressed to conduct infantry-type exercises, such as completing an obstacle course complete with barbed wire and hoops of fire. In one case, Palestinian youngsters were forced into the hoops of fire by instructors who fired over their heads. In another exercise, the youngsters were trained to ambush and kill an Israeli motorist, played by a Palestinian who wore a Jewish skullcap. Youngsters were also indoctrinated in the need to fight and kill Israelis. The camp was operated by the Fatah-sponsored Popular Resistance Committee and those completing the training would receive a certificate from the camp commander. [In Ramallah, Palestinian Legislative Council members said PA Chairman Yasser Arafat has agreed to provide limited security authority to Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei. The PLC members said Arafat has proposed that Qurei be granted responsibility over the the PA police and at least one security agency.] -- I wonder what the Democrats are doing right now at the Convention? Probably talking about how Bush is this or Bush is that...meanwhile these terrorists are training and planning to kill Jews. Priorities!!!!!!!

 --Though there has been such tragic news as of late, this photo makes me smile and reassures me that everything will work out in the end.-- Andrew B.

 By GEORGE GEDDA JIDDAH, Saudi Arabia - With American support, Saudi Arabia is taking the lead in trying to form a Muslim security force to help Iraq (news - web sites) overcome its 15-month-old insurgency, U.S. and Saudi officials said Wednesday. Secretary of State Colin Powell (news - web sites) discussed the issue with top Saudi officials after a stop in Egypt and had it on his agenda for Thursday's talks with Iraq's prime minister, Ayad Allawi, in Jiddah. Word of the Saudis' effort came on the same day as a a suicide car bomb northeast of Baghdad killed 68 Iraqis and wounded 56 others. It was the insurgents' deadliest strike since Allawi took office as head of the interim government a month ago. "We're taking this initiative because we want to help the Iraqi people reclaim their sovereignty as quickly as possible, because there is a tremendous desire in the Arab and Muslim worlds to help Iraq and because instability in Iraq has a negative impact on Saudi Arabia," said Adel al-Jubeir, a top Saudi government foreign policy adviser. He spoke to reporters after Powell's meeting with King Fahd, Crown Prince Abdullah and Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal. A major Saudi concern in recent weeks has been the infiltration of militants from Iraq. -- Somehow this sounds really BAD. It's like letting a wolf into the hen house. I know why Allawi did this...which was, in my opinion, to look more Arab than a "puppet" of the Americans. It makes sense, but I still approach the subjct with great caution. I am going to keep a very tight eye on the developments of this story. Andrew B.

 By Mike Collett-White KABUL (Reuters) - A blast ripped through a mosque where Afghans were registering to vote on Wednesday, killing two people, and the Medecins Sans Frontieres aid agency said it was leaving the country after 24 years because of security fears. Arguing that aid groups were now being specifically targeted, MSF issued a stinging rebuke to U.S. forces in Afghanistan (news - web sites), saying they used aid to help win a "hearts and minds" campaign and garner support from Afghans skeptical of their intentions. "MSF denounces this attempt to co-opt humanitarian aid, to use humanitarian aid to win hearts and minds," MSF secretary general Marine Buissonniere told a briefing, adding that in doing so it had endangered the lives of humanitarian workers. Nobel prize-winning MSF, or Doctors Without Borders (news - web sites), said it was leaving Afghanistan because of fears for the safety of staff after five of its workers, three of them foreigners, were killed in an attack in the remote northwest in June. Other international aid groups such as CARE and Oxfam said security was deteriorating in Afghanistan. CARE official Sherine Jayawickrama called the killing of the MSF staff members "part of a worsening trend that humanitarian aid workers are being targeted. "We are constantly reassessing security," she said. "If it gets to the point where we feel our staff would be directly targeted and therefore their lives are in danger, we would have to take a very serious look at suspending programs." -- Leave it to the French to cut and run within minutes of a bomb blast. Typical French reaction, Don't act surprised... Andrew B.

 Prosecutors dropped another charge on July 27, 2004 against Syrian-American airman Ahmad al-Halabi, who is accused of espionage at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and his lawyer said a key prosecutor in the case now facing unrelated charges, had himself mishandled more sensitive documents. Maj. Jamie Key, attorney for Halabi, said Air Force prosecutors withdrew a charge of bank fraud alleging that he had submitted false information on credit card applications. Halabi is shown in the 1999 Fordson High School yearbook in Dearborn, Michigan. (Fordson Yearbook via Reuters

 DUBAI (Reuters) - Muslim militants claiming links to al Qaeda said in a statement on Wednesday Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi was their first target for attack. "We will shake the cities of Europe and we will start with you Berlusconi, and we will make it bloody until you return to the correct path. Wait for us Berlusconi and your other allies as well, wait for our promise which we have revealed to you and are now revealing to Europe," said the statement signed by Abu Hafs al-Masri Brigades and posted on an Islamist Web site. -- You think this guy is scared of al-Qaeda? Guess again...these terrorists don't realize who they are fucking with. Don't they realize that he is ITALIAN??? Berlusconi if provoked would go out there himself and kill some terrorists...you can totally tell he is that kind of guy. Don't push an Italian to the edge. Andrew B.

 By JAMIE TARABAY, Associated Press Writer BAGHDAD, Iraq - They have been bombed, shot, kidnapped and bombed again. They don't know who's an enemy and who's a friend. After 15 months of unrelenting violence that has killed civilians and terrorized much of the country, Iraqis are furious. There are signs the bloodshed could be creating a backlash against the militants waging the attacks in Iraq (news - web sites)'s name, but many here also blame the presence of U.S. forces for the turmoil in the country, and others believe the U.S. government is actually behind the attacks. "I wish someone would tell me who is responsible for these acts. Believe me, I would drink his blood," said Firas Salah Mahmood, a 24-year-old civil engineer. Like Iraqis across the country, Mahmood watched in horror Wednesday televised scenes from Baqouba, where a suicide bombing killed 68 Iraqis. After the attack, Iraqis swarmed the street, wild with anger and grief. They cursed the attackers and called them terrorists. "These were all innocent Iraqis. There were no Americans. What was their guilt?" shouted an angry man, pounding his hands against his head. Many of the attacks target coalition forces or Iraqi authorities, who have become more visible since the United States transferred sovereignty to an interim government last month. But most of the victims are Iraqi civilians. -- Iraqis are getting pissed and I don't blame them. There is going to be a time, when they are going to say enough is enough and they will take matters into their own hands. They will find these terrorists and destroy them, which is what we want them to do. It is now up to them to fullfill their destiny as a people. We can help them along, but Iraqis need to decide where Iraqis can go from here. Either they can go back to the time of Saddam or they can move forward into a free and democratic society. We will see. Andrew B.

 By OMAR SINAN, Associated Press Writer BAGHDAD, Iraq - A militant group holding two Pakistani contractors hostage said Wednesday it had killed the men but freed their Iraqi driver, the Al-Jazeera television station Al-Jazeera reported. The group, calling itself the Islamic Army in Iraq (news - web sites), had announced in a video Monday that it kidnapped two Pakistanis working for U.S. forces and sentenced them to death because their country was discussing sending troops to Iraq. In a new videotape sent to Al-Jazeera on Wednesday, the men said they had carried out their threat, the station reported. The newsreader said the video showed the corpses of the two men; however, the station declined to show the footage. The kidnapped men were identified by Pakistan as engineer Raja Azad, 49, and driver Sajad Naeem, 29, both of whom worked for the Kuwait-based al-Tamimi group in Baghdad. The militants also warned the company to stop doing business in Iraq or they would kill more of its employees. "This is a brutal murder slaying. It has nothing to do with politics," Masood Khan, a spokesman for Pakistan's Foreign Ministry, told CNN. "They have taken innocent lives. Here in Pakistan, everybody will be mourning tomorrow." The group said it had released the Iraqi driver, Omar Khaled Selman, after it was clear he had been duped by the Pakistanis. The militants released a video Wednesday showing Selman describing his ordeal. "After interrogation, they charged us all with the death penalty, and then they postponed mine and carried out the death penalty for the two Pakistanis because it was clear that they were spies," he said. -- Bastards! Andrew B.

 By Mark Heinrich TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon (news - web sites) praised France on Wednesday for "determined action" against anti-Semitism, dampening a diplomatic spat over his remark suggesting anti-Jewish feeling was out of control there. At an airport reception where he welcomed 200 French Jewish immigrants arriving from Paris, Sharon voiced concern about a new wave of anti-Semitism he said threatened Jews and the Western world's way of life, but he did not single out France. "We therefore very much appreciate the determined action of the French government, as well as the French president's stance against anti-Semitism. We hope that this determination will serve as an example to other countries as well," he said. His message seemed aimed at rehabilitating relations with France that soured after Paris took umbrage at Sharon's calls earlier this month to French Jews to immigrate to Israel to escape what he termed "the wildest anti-Semitism." "One must make a distinction between the battle between anti-Semitism and the encouragement of aliya (immigration to Israel)," Sharon told the immigrants from the 600,000-strong French Jewish community, Western Europe's largest. "Jews must come to Israel not because of hatred or fear; Jews must make aliya because it is their homeland," he said, adding he hoped the new arrivals, many of them religious Jews, would convince their families and friends to move to Israel. Recent attacks on Jews and their property in France have been blamed in part on members of a growing Muslim population of five million upset by Israel's long-running conflict with Palestinians in revolt in occupied territories. Many Israelis regard France's government as pro-Palestinian.

 The French government said Wednesday it will bar Hezbollah's al-Manar television network because of its anti-Semitic programming. A Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said the ministerial committee for combating racism recommended measures be taken to stop the broadcast of racist programs after al-Manar aired a program in October deemed to be anti-Jewish. No one should doubt France's determination to combat all aspects of racism and anti-Semitism, she added. Al-Manar Program Director Hassan Fadlallah told United Press International in Beirut the French ban was the result of pressure from Jewish groups in France and the Israeli government. This matter is a political one in the first place and has political motives ... We don't think that it is in France's interest to complicate its relations with the Arab and Islamic world, which appreciated al-Manar television, he said. -- It only took them 15 years to decide this... Andrew B.

 Following the recent cancellation of certain flights from the UK to Washington, US, British agents have been reported as having intelligence pointing to female Al Qaeda-linked operatives planning to smuggle explosives inside their vaginas. Eight to twelve ounces of plastic explosives would have been a manageable quantity to smuggle on board the Boeing 747 flights and would have been prepared and detonated in the toilet after take-off. A Scotland Yard source is reported to have said: "Smuggling a bomb on to a plane by this method is one of our worst nightmares". This scenario is one of a number said to have been planned as part of a Christmas attack using multiple aircraft.

 SADDAM Hussein has suffered a minor stroke and could die before his trial, his defence lawyers claim. The multinational legal team is still awaiting permission to visit the deposed Iraqi ruler. A letter demanding their doctor be given access to the former dictator was yesterday sent by Jordanian lawyer Mohammed al-Rashdan to Salem Chalebi, the head of the Iraqi prosecuting authorities. Mr al-Rashdan said: "Our information is that he's in very poor health. We understand from the International Committee of the Red Cross that our client has had a brain scan to discover how badly he has been affected by the stroke. We believe he could die because of his health problems. "We also think an attempt may be made on his life. "We're very worried that we won't have a client to defend." He added: "Under the Geneva Convention we're entitled to have access to our client. But all our requests have been ignored." In a form letter delivered by the Red Cross in January to his wife Sajida, living in Qatar, Saddam put a cross in boxes for "good health" and "slightly wounded". "His finger appears to have been wounded, possibly by gunshot, when he was captured," said Mr Rashdan. "But we believe his health has deteriorated. "We believe any trial could be months, if not years away - I think Bush and Blair would be happier if he died from ill health." -- Like I said...I am note sure of how to read into this, but take it at face value. Andrew B.

 PARIS (AP) - A half-brother of Osama bin Laden says he enjoyed most of Michael Moore's "Fahrenheit 9/11," except for what he called "inaccuracies" about his family. "It's a moving film," Yeslam Binladin, a Geneva-based tycoon and one of the al-Qaida leader's 54 siblings, said in an interview with the French magazine VSD. "I even laughed at times," said Binladin, adding, "but a lot less when he states errors or inaccuracies about my family, knowing perfectly well that he's deceiving the public." In the film, Moore says President Bush tried to cover up his family's longtime business and personal ties to the family of Osama bin Laden and other prominent Saudis because many of the hijackers were from Saudi Arabia. One of his main points is that the U.S. administration helped 142 Saudis - including two dozen members of bin Laden's family - fly out of the United States two days after the Sept. 11 attacks, even though commercial air space was closed. "That's false and can be verified by anyone," said the Saudi-born Binladin, who intentionally spells his name differently from Osama, the prime suspect in the Sept. 11 attacks. "They benefited from no exceptional authorization to leave American territory." A recent 9/11 panel report states that the chartered flights took place starting Sept. 14, once airspace had reopened. Binladin, who has lived in Geneva for many years and has Swiss citizenship, told the magazine that his U.S.-based family members flew into Geneva on Sept. 20 before taking off again for Saudi Arabia. The movie also states that several family members attended a 2001 wedding of one of Osama bin Laden's sons in Afghanistan - a claim Binladin says is exaggerated. "Nobody from my family was at this wedding in Afghanistan except for the mother of Osama," said Binladin. Yeslam and Osama are among the 54 sons and daughters of the late Saudi construction magnate Mohammed bin Laden and his 22 wives. Binladin, the founder of Geneva-based financial company Sico, said the last time he saw his younger half-brother was before Osama left Saudi Arabia in 1981.

 -- Got one in Texas... By J.J. Green FederalNewsRadio.com A South African woman picked up in Texas almost 10 days ago may turn out to be a key, high-level al-Qaida operative. Her name is Farida Goolam Mohamed Ahmed. She was stopped at McAllen Miller International Airport on July 19 headed to New York. Eddie Flores of the U.S. Border Patrol office in McAllen, Texas tells FederalNewsRadio.com that a review of her papers raised some concerns. "In looking at her documents, they did not find any entry documents in her passport where she was legally admitted into the United States," says Flores. Ahmed produced a South African passport to the agents with four pages torn out, and with no U.S. entry stamps. Ahmed reportedly later confessed to investigators that she entered the country illegally by crossing the Rio Grande River. Ahmed was carrying travel itineraries showing a July 8 flight from Johannesburg, South Africa to London. Six days later, Ahmed traveled from London to Mexico City before attempting to travel from McAllen to New York. Government sources tell FederalNewsRadio.com that capturing this woman could be comparable to the arrest of Khalid Sheik Mohammed, the alleged mastermind of 9/11. It was revealed in court Tuesday that she was on a watch list and had entered the U.S. possibly as many as 250 times. Tuesday, the South African government issued a warning that Al-Qaida militants and other terrorists traveling through Europe had obtained South African passports, and authorities believe they got them from crime syndicates operating inside the government agency that issues the documents. (Copyright 2004 FederalNewsRadio.com. All rights reserved.)

 KABUL, Afghanistan — A bomb exploded in a mosque where Afghans were registering for upcoming elections Wednesday, killing at least two people and injuring two more seriously, Afghan and U.N. officials said. The U.S. military reported six dead, including two U.N. staffers. But the world body and the local governor said two people were killed, both Afghans. The homemade bomb detonated early Wednesday in a mosque in Andar, a town 90 miles southwest of the capital, Kabul (search), as Afghans lined up for ID cards that will allow them to vote in Oct. 9 presidential elections. "It was a very heavy explosion," said Gov. Asadullah Khan. "The mosque was completely destroyed, and lots of copies of the Holy Quran burned." He blamed "enemies" of Afghanistan — shorthand among government officials for Taliban (search)-led militants who have condemned the country's first direct national election and threatened anyone talking part. Khan said the two victims were an Afghan working for the country's joint U.N.-Afghan electoral body and another who had come to register. U.N. spokesman Manoel de Almeida e Silva confirmed his account. -- This is terrible news. If more of these bombings happen before the elections it could swing the election in favor of the terrorists. The terrorists could set a system where by bombing all the other polls but keep a bunch open that only the Taliban could vote...and vote in someone that THEY want...but in a sense that would bring everything 360. That would be horrible. it's highly unlikely, but it is a possibility. Andrew B.

 (Hat Tip: Florida Heat) Mystery Deepens Around Terrorist Web Host July 27, 2004 by Jeremy Reynalds The mystery continues to deepen about a terrorist sympathizing Internet Service provider which uses a maze of false addresses and telephone numbers to avoid detection. Company officials, who give false contact information in Seattle and California (and now possibly Chicago) are helping Al Qaeda and other terror groups get their message of terror out to millions. The Internet Service provider Hosting Anime, which hosts a variety of al Qaeda affiliated sites, is a favorite of terrorists. In addition to hosting messages from terrorists, Hosting Anime sites have been used to provide gruesome pictures of the beheadings of engineer Paul Johnson and South Korean translator Kim Sun-Il. While company officials have been unwilling to respond about their hosting of the terror sites (other than saying they had a free speech right to do so), an apparent company official named DarkFiles also using the title "System Administrator" commented on Saturday (http://forums.hostinganime.com/viewtopic.php?t=180), (sic), "I personaly do not control the domains, maybe this chat should be held in private. After a quick visit to NameCheap.com, its quite ovious." He would not say any more. Checking current Internet registration records showed that the current contact information for both Name Cheap.com and Hosting Anime.comis listed as 8939 S. Sepulveda Blvd. in Westchester, CA 90045. However, the building manager for that address said that Hosting Anime is not located at this address. Name Cheap.com is an Internet name registration service operated by Richard Kirkendall. Reached by telephone earlier this month, Kirkendall's mother Irma Hernandez said her son lives part of the year in France and could only be reached by e-mail, but she explained apparent the location discrepancy by saying that the Sepulveda address is a mail drop she rented for her son's business. A message left at (661) 310 2107, an apparent voice messaging service for Kirkendall, was not immediately returned. -- These terrorists are getting more and more sophisticated, which means we will have to match that and then think ahead of them. Andrew B.

 By CHRIS BRUMMITT, Associated Press Writer JAKARTA, Indonesia - Indonesian police dropped plans Wednesday to charge a radical cleric in the 2002 Bali bombings, but said the man Washington accuses of being a terror mastermind in Southeast Asia will remain in jail. The 65-year-old Abu Bakar Bashir will be charged with other crimes, including heading the al-Qaida-linked Jemaah Islamiyah terror group and a deadly suicide attack last year on Jakarta's J.W. Marriott Hotel, chief detective Suyitno Landung said. Jemaah Islamiyah was blamed for both attacks. The announcement followed last week's landmark ruling by the Constitutional Court, which barred the retroactive use of an anti-terror law rushed through parliament after the Bali bombings. The explosions killed 202 people, mostly foreign tourists. Lawyers for 32 militants found guilty in the Bali attacks have vowed to appeal, despite court and government officials who have insisted the ruling cannot be applied retroactively and won't affect the convictions. Bashir, Indonesia's best known Islamic militant, was arrested under the anti-terror law. His lawyers have argued he should be immediately released. Attorney Wirawan Adnan said the decision to drop the Bali charges showed the police case against Bashir was weak. "They are trying to find whatever reason they can to keep him in jail," Adnan said. "This only proves they are doing this because of foreign influence." Bashir has long proved difficult to convict on terror charges. The slender, white-bearded preacher, an admirer of Osama bin Laden (news - web sites), was first arrested three weeks after the Bali bombings amid intense international pressure for Indonesia to crack down on extremism. -- So much for "Democracy" over there. Indonesia says it is "trying" to crack down on terrorists and terrorism. With actions like this I highly doubt they are doing much of ANYTHING, except helping these terrorists. By letting this guy go, they are emboldening them. They are basically saying that if you teach and preach Jihad...we will put you in jail and let you go so that you can plan a terror attack against kufrs (infidels). Andrew B.

 NAIROBI (AFP) - Government-backed Arab militiamen chained and burned alive civilians in a raid on a market in Sudan's Darfur region in violation of a ceasefire signed in April, African Union monitors said. "The attackers looted the market and killed civilians, in some cases chaining them and burning them alive," said a report released here by AU ceasefire observers in the region. But in a visit to the region Tuesday, French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier was told by the deputy head of the ceasefire monitoring mission that it would be extremely difficult to disarm the militias because they are so mobile. The report said the African Union monitors went to Suleia village, where the militia raid occurred July 3. It said the raid was carried out by "militia elements believed to be Janjaweed," the name given to the horse-riding Arab irregulars that have been fighting alongside regular Sudanese forces following an uprising by two rebel groups in Darfur last year. The fighting has created the world's worst humanitarian crisis, with up to 50,000 civilians killed, according to the UN, and 1.2 million driven from their homes. The AU monitors also found that in another reported atrocity early this month, "the entire Ehda village had been burnt and deserted, except for a few men." "This was an unwarranted and unprovoked attack on the civilian population," the report said. However, it could not substantiate allegations that Sudanese government forces took part in the raid alongside the Janjaweed. -- Yeah...let's wait another 2-3 years before we act on this. Nothing to see...keep moving. (sarcasm) What are we waiting for? Let's go in there already and stop this madness. Find these "Militiamen" and bomb the hell out of them. These guys are going on Genocidal Jihad. It's time to stop them NOW! Andrew B.

 KRASNODAR, Russia, July 24, (IslamOnline.net) - The United States has agreed to grant citizenship to 7,000 Ahiska Muslims who will be settled in Pennsylvania, reported a Russian newspaper on Friday, July 23. The first 11-strong batch of the Ahiska Muslims, living in the Russian province of Krasnodar, left for Geneva on Thursday, July 22, before flying to Philadelphia, reported Novie Izvestia. It added that the Muslims would be housed near the grand mosque in Philadelphia. The paper recalled that Krasnodar governor Alexander Tkachev was notified of the American decision on February 15. Izvestia said the Russian government does not treat Ahiska Muslims as citizens and has not therefore given them passports or IDs. An official in Krasnodar administration had told Interfax on Tuesday, July 20, that of the 11,999 Ahiska Muslims living in the region, 4,943 have received Russian citizenship and 744 have embarked on Russian naturalization procedures. He added that more than 5,000 others have expressed a desire to emigrate to the United States. Earlier, Chingiz Neiman-zade, chairman of Vatan, a Meskheti Turks association based in Georgia, said the United States had offered to accept the Ahiska Muslims living in Krasnodar as immigrants. "On February 16, the International Migration Organization began an information program in Krasnodar to explain the terms for the resettlement of the Ahiska Muslims in the U.S.," he told Chicago Tribune on Thursday, July 22. "The immigrants will be provided with housing and furniture, they will be helped to learn the English language and to complete formalities needed for residence in the US, which is especially important, and have been promised life-long welfare allowances for pensioners and the disabled." -- Has anyone check to find out if any of these Muslims are radical? Or are we just letting a potential Trojan Horse in our country. I have nothing against these people...I have read up on their troubled past. I wish them well. I do hope that they bring some sort of moderate view of Islam...instead of the Wahabbist type...(i.e.-Osama bin Laden, al-Zarqawi, et al...) Good Luck Ahiskans. Andrew B.



 English Translation Supreme Leader Intelligence Head Quarters - Extremely Confidential To: Head of the Operative Unit 43 Re: Direct Orders from the Supreme Leader Hojat ol Islam Mr. Pour-Ghanad: With regards & prayers, The success and achievements of your dedicated and brave team is our wish. Your report on different strategies in support of future Al Qaida plans has been reviewed from a variety of different perspectives. In clarifying any doubts, his Excellency Supreme Leader has insisted on reminding us all that, combating with the International Imperialism, at the head of which, America & Israel are the main two enemies of Islamic order, is the main goal of our Islamic Directive. Disruption and destruction of their economic and political systems, discrediting, and endangering all of their other structural organizations and balance of security of these two united enemies of Islamic regime are crucial and an obligatory task to be achieved. His Excellency has asked for more attentiveness on these activities, with emphasis on your outmost awareness and alertness. With due consideration of the downfalls and consequences of this cooperation, persist in organized groups, and in closer collaboration with other intelligence and security operatives and outside supporters, to limit our enemies increasing array of activities. Reflecting all your achievements under the direct supervision of the head of the department of Hefazat, - - (Special Intelligence Operatives within organizations) - - detection of any failure will be naturally the task of this dedicated office. Also it has been assigned for our future conferences to further rectify and discuss the elimination of major obstacles, additional implementation of improvements with regards to achieving a higher level of cooperation between Al Qaida fighters and Hezbollah fighters towards a specific ideal goal. At the end, his Excellency Supreme Leader with satisfaction and complete support for the achievement of your future plans and understanding the importance of your duties, his Excellency Supreme Leader has also insisted - - you must make sure, that no trace of any support for Al Qaida, which could have negative and irreversible consequences should ever exist and be limited to the current relationship with Moghnie and Al Zarghavi. - - God be with you, Ali Akbar Nategh Nouri Head of Supreme Leader Intelligence Office Extremely Confidential

 LONDON [MENL] -- Israel's leading defense contractor has reached agreement for the development and production of a strategic unmanned air vehicle in the United States. Israel Aircraft Industries has agreed to cooperate with Northrop Grumman and Aurora Flight Sciencies to design develop and produce tactical and long-endurance UAV systems. The systems would be based on IAI-developed platforms and marked Northrop Grumman's entry into the tactical, long-endurance UAV market. Northrop Grumman already serves as the prime contractor of IAI's RQ-5 Hunter UAV project for the U.S. Army. Northrop Grumman has helped enhance and expand the Hunter program, suspended in 1996 and renewed three years later. "The collaboration between these three companies will broaden our activities to new frontiers and act as a force multiplier," IAI president Moshe Keret said. "IAI views this alliance as a long-term commitment to develop and produce innovative tactical UAVs that will benefit the companies' customers. The company has worldwide recognition for its UAVs, which are supplied to the Israel Ministry of Defense and to foreign customers." -- You think it was about time we started getting this kind of technology to fight the 'War on Terror'. Andrew B.

 -- I put the entire article here...read the whole thing. Right on point. She gets it. They don't. The theme of the Democratic National Convention on Wednesday night is "A Stronger More Secure America," which will be capped off by a rousing speech from a renowned law-and-order Democrat: Al Sharpton. No joke. Here are five other reasons to be afraid, very afraid, of putting a Democratic administration in charge of guarding America's gates. 1. Ted Kennedy. The senior bloviator from Massachusetts has worked relentlessly since the Sept. 11 attacks to cripple homeland defense. For once, Teresa Heinz-Kerry speaks for me: "Ted Kennedy I don't trust." Last January, he secretly attempted to remove funding for the National Security Entry-Exit Registration System (NSEERS) -- a Justice Department program that helped nab at least 330 known foreign criminals, 15 illegal-alien felons and three known terrorists who attempted to enter the country. Last month, he introduced legislation that would gut the PATRIOT Act and radically restructure the immigration court system to protect and strengthen illegal aliens' rights. He opposes allowing the nation's 600,000 local and state law enforcement officers to cooperate with federal immigration authorities. And, in proposing that the federal government maintain a new national registry of law-abiding gun purchasers, he has exploited the War on Terrorism to advance his anti-Second Amendment agenda. If the Sept. 11 attacks were a "failure of imagination" as the 9/11 commission concluded, protecting America requires that we imagine this bone-chilling scenario and do all we can to prevent another disaster: Ted Kennedy, attorney general of the United States. 2. The American Civil Liberties Union. The organization maintains dangerously absolutist positions against the use of torture to gather intelligence from al Qaeda terrorists, against the designation of enemy combatants apprehended on either foreign or American soil, and against common-sense profiling in wartime. The ACLU joined Sen. Kennedy in opposing the carefully targeted NSEERS program. It sued to stop enactment of the Aviation and Transportation Security Act, which tightened employment requirements for airport screeners. And under the guise of protecting civil rights, the ACLU supported the infamous wall of separation that handicapped communications between U.S. intelligence and law-enforcement agencies fighting terrorism. In the nearly three years since the mass murder of 3,000 innocent people on American soil by fanatical Muslim terrorists, there is not a single law or policy that the ACLU has supported that would help prevent a bloody repeat of Sept. 11. 3. The Professional Grievance-Mongers. From the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People to the Council on American-Islamic Relations, the collective response of the Diversity Is Our Strength crowd to the War on Terror has been to cry, "Racist!" The ethnic shakedown artists who have sued over every slight and hyped every faked claim of a hate crime are America-bashing enablers of the worst sort -- and they are the heart and soul of the Democratic Party. 4. The Open Borders Lobby. Longtime readers know of my dissatisfaction with the Bush administration's unwillingness to get serious control of our immigration chaos. But if you are unhappy with the lack of progress on securing our land, air and sea ports of entry, it will only get worse under Kerry-Edwards. Groups such as the American Immigration Lawyers Association, the National Council of La Raza, and the Ford Foundation have protested enforcement, detention, deportation, employer sanctions, and secure identification measures every step of the way. It is from these ranks that a Democratic administration will draw upon to staff the Justice Department, Department of Transportation and Department of Homeland Security. Scary. 5. First Responder Fetishists. In her convention remarks on Monday night, New York Sen. Hillary Clinton said the first homeland security priority in response to the 9/11 report was the "need to fully equip and train . . . our first responders in the event of a terrorist attack." Eager to suck up to men and women in uniform, John Kerry has proposed adding 100,000 first responders to the ranks of firefighters and emergency medical personnel nationwide. As I have said before, there is no question that our brave firefighters, cops and emergency personnel need increased training and support -- but dialing 911 is not the solution to stopping another 9/11. And neither is voting the party of the Chicken Little Clean-Up Crew into office. Michelle Malkin is a syndicated columnist and maintains her weblog at michellemalkin.com

 On June 23, 2004, Saudi Crown Prince Abdallah declared on behalf of King Fahd a one month ultimatum during which Al-Qa'ida members should surrender themselves to authorities. Responding to this ultimatum, number 25 on the 26 most-wanted list Othman Bin Hadi Al-Maqbul Al-Omari surrendered on June 28, 2004. Al-Omari was described by the authorities as a "weapons smuggler of the first degree." [1] The following is the sequence of events surrounding Al-Omari's surrender, as reported by the Saudi media: The turning in of Al-Omari was mediated by the extremist Wahhabi cleric Sheikh Safar Al-Hawali, who currently serves as a mediator between wanted terrorists and Saudi authorities. Al-Hawali described to the Saudi government daily Al-Watan the process of turning Al-Omari in. He said that he met Al-Omari in his home in Jeddah, where they had dinner and discussed Al-Omari's demands in return for turning himself in. Those demands were described by Al-Hawali as "simple demands" which the Ministry of Interior can not reject. During the meeting, Al-Omari confessed to Al-Hawali that he had "planned to carry out an operation that would cause bloodshed and destruction, but reneged after he was convinced it wouldn't bring any good, and that such acts are forbidden." After the meeting, Al-Hawali accompanied Al-Omari to the home of Prince Muhammad Bin Naif Bin Abd Al-Aziz, who is the son of Interior Minister Prince Naif, for whom he also serves as assistant for security affairs, holding the title of Minister. According to Al-Hawali, the minister prepared a "great human" reception for Al-Omari, and "blessed him and praised him for his courageous stand to surrender himself shortly after the amnesty was declared." Al-Hawali noted during the two hour meeting that "Prince Muhammad Bin Naif gave the wanted terrorist Othman Al-Omari the possibility of choosing which prison he wishes to remain in until the end of his interrogation – whether in Riyadh, Jeddah, or in the Al-Namas region [in which he lives] in order to be close to his family." Al-Hawali described this proposal as "clear proof that Prince Muhammad Bin Naif understands the feelings of the wanted, and is determined to secure their tranquility." Al-Omari chose to stay in one of Jeddah's prisons. -- Read the rest when you have the chance on the website. Andrew B.

 DHAKA (Reuters) - A bomb blast wounded at least 30 people outside a hotel in the northeastern Bangladeshi town of Sylhet on Saturday, police said. The explosion occurred two days after blasts outside two cinemas in the town, 190 miles from Dhaka, killed one man and wounded 15. A leader of the main opposition Awami League party, Mesbahuddin Siraj, was among those hurt in Saturday's blast in a car park outside the hotel, witnesses said. Police said the bomb was packed with shards of metal. They did not immediately know who was behind the attack or what the motive was. Some 25 people were taken to hospital, doctors said. Hundreds of opposition activists staged a noisy protest, demanding those responsible be punished. Party officials said they believed the attack was intended to kill the Mayor of Sylhet, Badruddin Ahmed Kamran, who is also the local chief of the Awami League, headed by former Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina. Kamran went to the hotel in the evening to meet friends and drove off only few minutes before the blast, they said. "I strongly suspect that I was the target but they (attackers) narrowly missed me," Kamran told reporters. -- As if this country doesn't have enough to worry about...and deal with... Andrew B.

 LONDON (AFP) - A British newspaper claimed to have found documents in a London flat raided last week by police showing that two of its occupants had been trained by extemist Palestinian groups. The Sunday Times said it had found the documents in two briefcases which had been left by police which searched the house in Willesden Green, northwest London after major anti-terrorist raids last Tuesday. Among the papers was a picture of a man dressed in military fatigues cradling an AK-47 assault rifle and letters written on notepaper headed Al Quds Brigade, the name of Islamic Jihad's armed wing, the newspaper said. The documents reportedly included a copy of a statement sent to the Home Office by a failed asylum seeker claiming he had trained as a suicide bomber with the radical Palestinian group Hamas. Other documents showed that another occupant of the flat, a 27-year-old, had admitted to the Home Office that he had been trained by a Palestinian terror group, the Sunday Times said. The Home Office reportedly rejected both of their claims, calling the latter's story "implausible". Police continued to question 11 terrorism suspects collared on Tuesday in one of the biggest anti-terrorist operations in Britain since the September 11 attacks in the United States in 2001. They refused to comment on the Sunday Times report. -- Must be a pesky Buddhist or Jewish person....(sarcasm) Andrew B.

 TOM RACHMAN, Associated Press Writer ROME - NATO (news - web sites) launched its training mission for Iraqi forces Saturday, sending a small group of officers to Iraq (news - web sites) to consult with authorities and prepare logistics. The NATO Training Implementation Mission, led by Dutch Air Force Maj. Gen. Carel Hilderink, will initially consist of about 45 people. The first four officers left for Iraq on Saturday from a command center in Naples, and the remainder should deploy next week, NATO said in a statement. "Through the training of the Iraqi security forces, the Alliance will help bring forward the day when international forces are no longer required in Iraq," the statement said. Alliance headquarters called it the official start of the training mission. "The guys will essentially start work right away, establishing contact, offering advice and preparing the long-term training," spokesman Robert Pszczel said at alliance headquarters in Brussels, Belgium. NATO leaders agreed to the mission at a summit in late June but had left details vague. The 26 NATO countries agreed a week ago to send the team after sidestepping a dispute between the United States and France over command of the alliance operation. -- Hmm...I wonder if France has any veto power towards this. Ahhhh....you know what? Fuck France... Andrew B.

 TEHRAN, Iran - Iran on Saturday dismissed allegations it was providing test sites for North Korean long-range missiles designed to deliver nuclear warheads, the official Islamic Republic News Agency reported. A Bush administration official claimed earlier that North Korea (news - web sites) was getting around a self-imposed missile test ban by sharing technology information with Iran, which is allegedly carrying out missile tests on Pyongyang's behalf. Iranian Defense Minister Ali Shamkhani rejected the claim, saying, "Iran does not cooperate with North Korea in missile technology and it does not need to." President Bush (news - web sites) has labeled Iran and North Korea as being part of an axis of evil, accusing both of pursuing nuclear weapons programs. A leading military publication, Jane's Defense Weekly, reported recently that North Korea was developing two new ballistic missile systems that have "appreciably expanded the ballistic-missile threat." -- Deny, Deny, Deny...we know the truth. Andrew B.

 BAGHDAD, Iraq - A series of at least 12 explosions echoed throughout central Baghdad on Saturday night. Their cause was not immediately apparent. The blasts appeared to be targeting the fortified Green Zone enclave that houses the U.S. Embassy and Iraqi interim government buildings. An air raid siren sounded three times in the enclave over the span of an hour. "The siren came on, they said take cover. I have no idea what it is," said Bob Callahan, chief spokesman for the U.S. Embassy. The U.S. military had no immediate comment.

 DUBAI (Reuters) - A group saying it has ties to al Qaeda vowed on Thursday to strike inside El Salvador if the country sends fresh troops to Iraq, according to a message posted on an Islamist Web site. El Salvador's President Tony Saca said on Wednesday a new contingent of Salvadoran troops -- approved by the legislature last month after heated debate -- would leave for Iraq in the middle of August. "Dispatching any troops from El Salvador would be a declaration of war against Iraq's Muslim people, prompting us to launch war against you and move the conflict inside El Salvador," said the hitherto unknown group Mohammed Atta Brigades - al Qaeda of Jihad. The authenticity of the statement could not be verified. The group is named after a leader of the hijackers who carried out the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks in the United States. "No citizen will enjoy security in El Salvador as soon as any soldier arrives in Iraq ... And do not hold us responsible for bloodshed in El Salvador as we have cautioned you against taking such a step," said the brief statement in Arabic. El Salvador's legislature narrowly approved sending 380 troops to join U.S.-led forces in Iraq. The first contingent of 360 Salvadoran troops went to Iraq a year ago and a second contingent of 380 troops relieved them in February. Insurgents have tested the will of states in the U.S.-led coalition in Iraq by kidnapping and in some cases beheading their citizens. Last month the Philippines, with one of its nationals under a death threat in Iraq, joined Spain, the Dominican Republic, Nicaragua and Honduras in pulling its troops out of the coalition. -- Stay the course...never give in...never surrender. Andrew B.

 By Erick Stakelbeck and Michal Deskalo FrontPageMagazine.com | August 6, 2004 Thanks both to its much-maligned security barrier and its assassination of several Palestinian terrorist leaders, Israel has seen a dramatic decrease in suicide bombings over the past several months. This fact—as well as the rapidly diminishing role of terror master Yasser Arafat in everyday Palestinian affairs—makes recent talk that the Intifada has finally ended after almost four years of bloodshed seem almost plausible. But amidst these hopes, terrorist groups in Gaza and the West Bank are busy grooming the next generation of suicide bombers. Last month, the student movement of Hamas, Al-Kutla al-Islamiyya, debuted a new Arabic-language website—www.alkotla.net—designed to encourage Palestinian teenagers to join the group and carry out suicide operations against Israel. In addition to a section honoring past Al-Kutla suicide bombers (whose attacks have left 53 Israelis dead and over 300 injured) the site features photos of Palestinian high school students who earned academic honors this year, calling them, “the group which will lead the Palestinian nation to victory and liberation.” According to the website, in early July, Hamas organized several large festivals in Gaza honoring over 2000 recent high school graduates. The students were presented with certificates of achievement and told to avoid “the Western lands of the infidels” while pursuing their college degrees. Hamas has long courted top Palestinian high schoolers in order to groom them for future leadership positions within the organization. But these Hamas recruitment drives aren’t just limited to the secondary school level. Even preschoolers are sucked into the group’s culture of death. -- This is what we (in bloggerland) have been saying for a long, long time. It's about time people start to wake up. Andrew B.

 --Nothing says 'Trick or Treat' like marching school children with guns screaming 'Death to Israel!'--

 By PAUL HAVEN, Associated Press Writer ISLAMABAD, Pakistan - The trail began with a hunt for the people who ambushed a Pakistani commander as his motorcade tried to cross Karachi's Clifton Bridge in June. It led to a torrent of intelligence and ended with dozens of arrests in Pakistan and Britain and a terror warning in the United States. Along the way, investigators passed through Karachi's teeming streets, to the dusty tribal village of Shakai along the Pakistan-Afghan border, to seemingly placid suburban London, to the world's financial headquarters in New York and to Washington, D.C. The arrests of several senior al-Qaida figures in Pakistan and Britain in the weeks that followed — including a key operative in London and a man on the FBI (news - web sites)'s most-wanted list for the U.S. Embassy bombings in East Africa — are a striking example of intrepid police and intelligence work, international cooperation and simple good luck. The breaks have dealt a significant blow to Osama bin Laden (news - web sites)'s network, eliminated a tribal transit point for his men and drawn the strongest link yet between al-Qaida's international plans and attacks on senior politicians here, including President Gen. Pervez Musharraf and the prime minister-designate, Pakistani police and intelligence officials told The Associated Press. What they haven't done, officials warn, is eliminate the al-Qaida threat, or prevent leaders like bin Laden from organizing attacks. "This is a network that we are trying to break. It is in the process of being dismantled," Interior Minister Faisal Saleh Hayyat told the AP in an interview Friday. "But the network is still not finished." -- We still have a long way to go. Al-Qaeda will never stop until we are all dead. We can never stop until they are all destroyed and the practice of fundamentalist Islam is ablolished all over the world. (That could take hundreds of years) Andrew B.

 SRINAGAR, India (AFP) - A top hardliner in insurgency-torn Indian Kashmir (news - web sites) formed a new separatist group and said it would draw inspiration from Islam to fight Indian rule. Syed Ali Geelani, who heads a hardline faction of the main separatist alliance and enjoys support from Pakistan, said on Saturday he had started the Tehreek Hurriyat Jammu and Kashmir, or Jammu Kashmir Freedom Movement. "Our party will draw inspiration from Islam in fighting the Indian occupation of Kashmir," Geelani, who will head the new party, told reporters. Geelani faulted other separatist movements for being driven by other ideologies including secularism, nationalism and communism. "New parties shape up when older parties fail in their mission," he said, flanked by Mohammed Ashraf Sehrai, an influential separatist who will be his deputy in the group. Geelani, who enjoys support from rebels, defended the guerrillas, saying: "They have chosen a way that they thought is right to fight the illegal occupation." But he said his party's activities would be peaceful and it would not allow even provocative slogans. -- As if there wasn't enough Islamic political parties out there...oy vey...another one? Andrew B.

 By Daniel Flynn and Inmaculada Sanz MADRID (Reuters) - Two small bombs exploded in tourist towns on Spain's northern coast on Saturday without causing any injuries, in what appeared to be a return to violence by Basque separatists ETA after a long silence. The explosions took place around midday in the popular coastal resorts of Ribadesella and San Vicente de la Barquera after a warning to Basque separatist newspaper Gara from a caller claiming to belong to ETA. The attacks came only a day after Spanish authorities had warned that ETA, weakened by scores of recent arrests in France and Spain, could be planning a summer bombing campaign to strike at the country's key tourist industry. "There was an explosion at around 1 o'clock in the afternoon (1100 GMT) in the town of San Vicente de la Barquera," said a local government spokesman. "It was a small explosion and there have not been any injuries." Local media reported the small bomb, packed into a bag left beside a bush in a small park, had exploded on the seaside promenade of San Vicente de la Barquera in the northern province of Cantabria, causing only light damage. The explosion came only minutes after a similar bomb in Ribadesella, in the neighboring region of Asturias. Local media reported that this device damaged the wall of a hotel in the coastal resort, which was packed with tourists this weekend for a traditional canoeing championship. -- ETA will never win this way. Never. Andrew B.

 DUBAI (Reuters) - A militant group claiming links to al Qaeda said on Saturday its cells in Italy were ready to strike if the country did not withdraw troops from Iraq (news - web sites) before an August 15 deadline it set a week ago. "The truce we had offered you ... to withdraw your troops has almost ended. Our cells in Rome and in all other Italian cities are prepared and ready to carry out their mission after the end of the truce on the 15th of this month," said a statement signed by Abu Hafs al-Masri Brigades -- al Qaeda Organization. "You won't feel safe in your homes. Each place will be a target after the end of the truce and the targets have been defined," it said. The group sent a statement last weekend to the London-based al-Quds al-Arabi newspaper giving Italy 15 days to withdraw its forces from Iraq or face attacks. "The Brigades' words will ring deep inside Italy and will be heard by the rest of Europe. Anyone who has violated Muslims in Iraq and in every other Muslim country will feel the bitterness of suffering Muslim people," the new statement said. Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, a close U.S. ally, backed last year's invasion to overthrow Saddam Hussein (news - web sites). Italy has around 2,700 troops in Iraq. The group urged its "cells in Italy" to attack any target once the deadline ended. -- Bark, Bark, Bark...that's all al-Qaeda does. The bite will happen when we break up their terror plans and throw them in slammer. Andrew B.

 By MOHAMMED DARAGHMEH, Associated Press Writer RAMALLAH, West Bank - The Palestinian justice minister announced his resignation Saturday, part of a growing government crisis over Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat (news - web sites)'s refusal to carry out internal reform and share power. The minister, Nahed Arreyes, said he stepped down because key powers had been taken from him. He did not mention Arafat by name. However, several months ago, Arafat created a rival agency to the justice ministry and continues to control the judiciary. In Israel, the police minister, Tsahi Hanegbi, called for the detention of Jewish extremists without charges or trial, reiterating warnings that they might attack Israeli leaders or a Jerusalem holy site sacred to Muslims and Jews. The resignation of Arreyes underscored the growing crisis in the Palestinian Authority (news - web sites). Last month, Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia stepped down, then withdrew his resignation after Arafat promised to give him more powers. However, there has been no evidence Arafat has kept his promise to Qureia. -- Another brick in the wall of terror just crumbled...let's hope for the rest of them to crumble and let a true "Palestinian" leadership to emerge without the notion of terror. Andrew B.

 By JAMIE TARABAY, Associated Press Writer BAGHDAD, Iraq - Interim Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi on Saturday signed a long-awaited amnesty law that would pardon Iraqis who had minor roles in the anti-U.S. insurgency but not those guilty of killing. The amnesty had been expected to be a key element in the government's efforts to end the 15-month-old campaign of violence but had been the object of controversy since it was first proposed soon after the government took office June 28. Early drafts reportedly would have forgiven most people involved in the insurgency in an effort to coax Iraqi nationalist guerrillas to the government's side, while separating them from fighters using terrorist-style bombings. But the law was apparently changed to exclude anyone who had killed. It was unclear how effective the limited amnesty would be. "This law is directed toward individuals who have committed minor crimes and have not yet been apprehended or prosecuted," Allawi said at a news conference. Those eligible for the amnesty include people in possession of light arms and explosives, those who hid intelligence about terrorist groups and people who helped those groups commit crimes, Allawi said. -- On one hand I think that this a great idea to get these guys on our side...but another part of me says that this won't work because the terrorists do not trust Allawi. This is an important jesture towards democracy. We will see how effective this will be in a few weeks when people start to give themselves in. Andrew B.

 By RAWYA RAGEH, Associated Press Writer BAGHDAD, Iraq - The Iraqi government closed the Iraqi offices of the Arab television station Al-Jazeera for 30 days, accusing it Saturday of inciting violence. A spokesman for Al-Jazeera called the closure "unwise" and said it restrained freedom of the press. "It is a regrettable decision, but Al-Jazeera will endeavor to cover the situation in Iraq (news - web sites) as best as we can within the constraints," spokesman Jihad Ballout said. Interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said the government convened an independent commission a month ago to monitor Al-Jazeera's daily coverage "to see what kind of violence they are advocating, inciting hatred and problems and racial tension." Based on the commission's finding, the National Security Committee ordered the monthlong closure, Allawi said. Iraqi Interior Minister Falah al-Naqib said the closure was intended to give the station "a chance to readjust their policy against Iraq." "They have been showing a lot of crimes and criminals on TV, and they transfer a bad picture about Iraq and about Iraqis and encourage criminals to increase their activities," he said. "We want to protect our people." Senior U.S. officials also have criticized Al-Jazeera's coverage of the Iraq war, calling the network an outlet for the al-Qaida terror network, broadcasting videotapes and audiotapes purportedly from Osama bin Laden (news - web sites) or his aides. Al-Jazeera denied the allegations. -- WOW! This is incredible. I would never think in a thousand years that this would happen...Hamduallah!!! Andrew B.

 CAIRO, Egypt - An Islamic militant Web site showed video Saturday of an American man being beheaded seconds after he says the United States must stop the occupation of Iraq (news - web sites). The American on the tape identified himself as Benjamin Danforth, from San Francisco. "We need to leave this country alone. We need to stop this occupation," he said. The video was titled "Abu Musab al-Zarqawi Slaughters an American." Zarqawi is an al-Qaida-linked militant whose group, Tawhid and Jihad, has claimed responsibility for numerous deadly attacks across Iraq, including the beheadings of U.S. businessman Nicholas Berg, and other foreign hostages. The video also showed images of disfigured and injured people in Iraq. A recording of the Quran, Islam's holy book, played in the background. Update: S.F. Man Says Beheading Video Is a Hoax (AP) By RON HARRIS, Associated Press Writer SAN FRANCISCO - A video aired Saturday that purportedly showed an American being decapitated in Iraq (news - web sites) was a hoax. The American, Benjamin Vanderford, reached by The Associated Press in San Francisco, said he videotaped the staged beheading at his friend's house using fake blood. Vanderford, 22, said he began distributing the video on the Internet months ago in hopes of drawing attention to his one-time campaign for city supervisor. When his political aspirations waned, he thought the video would serve as social commentary. "It was part of a stunt, but no one noticed it up until now," Vanderford said. "I did this for a couple of reasons. One is to attract attention. But two is to just make a statement on these type of videos and how easily they can be faked." On the tape, Vanderford, 22, sat on a chair in a dark room, his hands behind his back, trembling and rocking back and forth. The tape showed a hand with a knife cutting at the motionless man's neck, but did not show any militants. "We need to leave this country alone. We need to stop this occupation," he said on the video, adding that he had been offered for exchange with prisoners in Iraq. "Everyone's going to be killed this way." -- This is completely unacceptable. I think this guy should be arrested and out on trial. This is not a funny prank or stunt. His actions ONLY EMBOLDEN OUR ENEMY. He should be tried as a traitor to this country. What this man did was sedition in its purest form. Andrew B.

 By EDITH M. LEDERER, Associated Press Writer UNITED NATIONS - The United Nations (news - web sites) will remain "a high-value" target for attacks in Iraq (news - web sites) for the foreseeable future, which will severely limit the number of U.N. staff allowed in the country, Secretary-General Kofi Annan (news - web sites) said Friday. "Security will remain the primary obstacle and constraint," Annan said in a report. "A qualitative improvement of the overall security environment is an essential prerequisite for the success of U.N. efforts in Iraq." The report came as Annan's new envoy, Ashraf Jehangir Qazi of Pakistan, prepares to take up his post in Baghdad with a small team, giving the United Nations an official presence in Iraq for the first time since October. The world organization pulled out after a spate of attacks against it, including the Aug. 19, 2003 bombing of its Baghdad headquarters that killed envoy Sergio Vieira de Mello and 21 others. Annan's report to the Security Council on Friday, covering U.N. activities in Iraq since December, noted that the U.N. security chief has determined the U.N. personnel face high risks. -- This is the same organization that John Effing Kerry wants to run Iraq. The UN is scared to go in. Why should we let the UN take over? They don't even want to go in. Andrew B.

 NEW YORK (AFP) - A British citizen facing extradition to the United States on terrorism charges was found in possession of detailed military plans for a US Navy battle group in the Gulf, federal prosecutors said. An indictment unsealed in Connecticut also accused Babar Ahmad, 30, of operating two US-based web sites that solicited financial support for terrorist organizations, including the Taliban and Chechen rebels. "In order to dismantle terrorist organizations, we must attack them at their roots, so it is critical that we uncover and sever the financing stream and communication that supports the terrorists' violent intentions," said US Attorney Kevin O'Connor. Details of the indictment were also read to Ahmad earlier Friday in a court in London, where he had been arrested by British police two days earlier. Asked if he understood the charges, he replied: "Not really. It's all a bit confusing to me." He was remanded in custody pending a second appearance in a week's time. O'Connor said the document concerning the US naval battle group operating in the Strait of Hormuz in the Gulf in 2001 was found on a floppy disc by British police during a search of Ahmad's parents' house last December. It specifically described the battle-group's vulnerability to a terrorist attack, and provided examples of how such an assault might be launched, said authorities. -- Hmmmm...can we say inside job? I think there is a fungus among us. Andrew B.

 Posted by Steve Yelvington 3:45:53 PM Looking for Gory Pictures on the Internet? In recent months I've noticed that several hundred people visited my personal weblog based on Google and Yahoo! searches for "gory pictures." This rather disturbing phenomenon was the result of my commenting back in July 2003 on the media's use, or non-use, of photographs of Saddam Hussein's dead sons after they had been shot up rather thoroughly by U.S. troops. Today the Pew American & Internet Life project has a report showing that millions of Americans are turning to the Internet specifically to find disturbing information and images about the Iraq war that did not appear in mainstream media. There are some interesting breakdowns by age, sex, education, household income, and political affiliation on the question of whether it's wise for those images to be online. Here's a particularly interesting point in the report: "Almost one-quarter of Internet users have actually seen the graphic and disturbing war images that appear only online. They come away from the experience of mixed mind: 51 percent of those Internet users felt they had made a good decision in looking at the images, 33 percent wish they hadn't seen them, and 7 percent volunteered that both of these impressions were true for them. "One cohort, women, stood out from the rest as more than half responded negatively to both questions we posed. Of the 16 percent of women who have seen the war images online, only 36 percent say they felt they made a good decision in doing so; 52 percent said they wish they hadn't seen them, and 3 percent said both." -- The "Media" should be playing these images so that our society knows what it is up against. People in this country (America)...have forgotten what happened almost 3 years ago. I haven't, nor will I ever. It is important to know WHO your enemy is. Never underestimate your enemy. Never. Andrew B.

 The publisher of two pro-Jihad Web sites has been arrested in London on suspicion of various terror charges, U.S. investigators said on Friday. Babar Ahmad, 30, was remanded in custody by a London magistrates court on Friday on a U.S. extradition warrant. American authorities are seeking to try Ahmad on five federal charges, including material support of terrorism and prohibited support of the Taliban, according to a U.S. Department of Justice official. If found guilty, Ahmad faces more than 20 years in federal prison. Ahmad is accused of raising money for Islamic militants through two American-based Web sites that he operated, www.azzam.com and http://www.qoqaz.net. Azzam.com was hosted by Internet service providers in Nevada and Connecticut and Qoqaz.net was run outside the United States, the Justice Department said. Ahmad hid his connection to the sites using encrypted data and aliases, such as the name of his college roommate, according to a 37-page affidavit outlining the charges that was filed this week in U.S. District Court in Connecticut. -- He sounds like a nice guy to have over for dinner or invite to a Bar-Mitzvah. (Yeah...right) Andrew B.



 The Iraqi minister of internal affair said that there will be no negotiations with Muqtada Al-Sadr and I salute the Iraqi government for taking this decision. We’ve expected this from the very beginning and we stressed more than once that people like Muqtada are not fit for a peaceful political process and they will refuse all calls for talks because they closed the road to any talk a thousand years ago. It’s time to take serious actions against the militant groups and it’s time to end any truce with them. The ING, supported by the multinational forces must do their job because Iraq’s safety has become an international responsibility after many regional and non-regional powers have interfered to spread chaos in Iraq and to intercept the democratic process. These militant groups have betrayed Iraq by their collaboration with other countries to destabilize the situation in Iraq while the true sons of Iraq are working to build their country. We need discipline and order now more than ever and I believe that who commits a simple traffic violation on purpose is really harming Iraq at this stage, let alone those who carry arms to fight us. Those should not be left free to do more damage. It’s obvious that the new Iraqi government is not sure that it’s strong enough now to face a military revolt carried by Sadr followers while the coalition seemed always worried of how arresting Muqtada or crushing his persistent tries to disturb peace would affect the religious feelings of the common Iraqi She’at. I just want to say that common She’at in Iraq maybe simple but they are not stupid and they know what a fake this guy is and they know what’s good for them and what’s bad. As for the Iraqi government, they should know that dealing with this gang (as that’s what these people are, just a gang) in a soft and hesitated way can only strengthen their (the gangs) position and give them legitimacy. Sooner or later Sadr must be dealt with for good, as it’s obvious to any sane man that this guy and his followers do not belong or believe in democracy and will always cause a threat to Iraq’s future. We’ve warned before of the consequences of negotiating with those thugs because they have no place in tomorrow’s Iraq. -- Read it all. Omar is the best thing to happen to Blogging from here (New York City) to the Euphrates River. Andrew B.

 Hassan Nasrallah's admission of Hezbollah support of Palestinian terrorism 1. Since the Israeli forces withdrew from Lebanon (May 24, 2000), Hezbollah has invested much time and effort in operating Palestinian terrorists in the PA-administered territories and within Israel . Support of Palestinian terrorists helps Hezbollah maintain its belligerent, jihad -like character and provides ways of overcoming the difficulties imposed on its operations through the Israeli-Lebanese border. In addition, for Hezbollah (and Iran and Syria, which support and aid the organization), continuing and even inflaming the violent confrontation between Israel and the Palestinians is an extremely important strategic tool in undermining Israel's social and political stability, and is considered a potential means of extorting concessions from Israel. 2. Until recently, Hezbollah was careful to play down the aid it gave Palestinian terrorists and certainly never boasted of it in public. However, after the death of Awali (July 19, 2004), who had been a Hezbollah activist directing Palestinian terrorist squads in the PA-administered territories, Nasrallah publicly announced for the first time that his organization was providing support for the insurgents in “occupied Palestine.” 3. In the eulogy he delivered at Awali's funeral, Nasrallah said: “Today we declare Ghaleb Awali a shaheed [martyr for the sake of Allah] of Lebanon. He is also a shaheed of Palestine. That is because Ghaleb Awali was, like Ali Salah , one of those who devoted the last years of their lives to helping our brothers in occupied Palestine [sic]. We do not wish to hide the truth. We state it openly and proudly. Today Ghaleb Awali died for Palestine. He died for Jerusalem. He died for Al-Aqsa. He died confronting the Zionist enterprise…” (Al-Manar Hezbollah TV, Lebanon, July 19, 2004). -- I was thinking about putting this one as the 3rd Shocker of the Day...but I vetoed that notion. This is just way too obvious to put that "Shocker" label on it. Andrew B.

 NAJAF, Iraq - U.S. helicopter gunships and fighter jets pounded Shiite Muslim insurgents hiding in a sprawling cemetery Friday in the most intense fighting in this holy city since the fall of Saddam Hussein (news - web sites). The U.S. military said 300 militants were killed in the past two days. The clashes between coalition forces and militant Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr's Mahdi Army flared in Shiite communities across the country, killing dozens of other Iraqis, according to Iraqi officials and the militants. The fighting, which began early Thursday, threatened to re-ignite the bloody, two-month Shiite insurrection that broke out in April — and the heavy U.S. response appeared designed to quash militia activity quickly and prevent a repeat. Al-Sadr on Friday blamed all the violence in Iraq (news - web sites) on the United States, which he called "our enemy and the enemy of the people," in a sermon read on his behalf at the Kufa Mosque near Najaf. -- Time to set up Martial Law and take these guys out once and for all. Just take them out of the equation. Andrew B.

 By BARRY SCHWEID, AP Diplomatic Writer WASHINGTON - Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage says Muslim countries apparently are resisting a Saudi proposal to set up a Muslim force to bolster the U.S.-led coalition of troops in Iraq (news - web sites). Armitage did not write off the Saudi initiative, which he described as a "genuine gesture" in an interview with Al-Hayat, a Saudi-owned newspaper based in London. "Discussions will continue with those countries to see if they may be willing to," Armitage said Thursday. A text of the interview was released Friday by the State Department. The Bush administration is eager to enlist Muslim countries in post-war operations in Iraq. It could have political and diplomatic dividends, providing an element of Muslim approval to the fight against insurgents and possibly leading to the withdrawal of thousands of U.S. troops. The Saudis have suggested that coalition forces would be withdrawn as Muslim troops take up positions in Iraq. Their primary job would be to protect U.N. officials, but they also could be used to help guard the borders against armed infiltrators. -- Big shocker there...I wonder why they don't want to help out their FELLOW ARABS + MUSLIMS???? Hmmmmm...let's ponder that one.................................still thinking...................gee...you know what? I can't come up with one reason why. That's a tough one...right? (sarcasm) Andrew B.

 By NADIA ABOU EL-MAGD, Associated Press Writer CAIRO, Egypt - An al-Qaida-linked cleric who boasted of his ability to evade capture has been arrested in Saudi Arabia without a shot being fired, Saudi officials said Friday. Faris Ahmed Jamaan al-Showeel al-Zahrani, who was No. 12 on a list of Saudi Arabia's 26 most wanted terror suspects, was captured late Thursday with an unidentified militant, an Interior Ministry officials told the state-run Saudi Press Agency. "Due to the swift and efficient actions by security forces, the suspects were apprehended before they were able to use weapons that they were carrying," a statement issued by Saudi Arabia's embassy in Washington said. Saudi-owned Al-Arabiya TV said police caught them in Abha, a town 500 miles southwest of the capital, Riyadh. -- That's one more to the list. Somehow I think the Saudis know more than they are telling us. It is sort of like they want to seem like they are our side, but at the same time they want more terror attack on our troops and here in America. Andrew B.

 GENEVA (Reuters) - A U.N. investigator said Friday the Sudanese government was largely to blame for a humanitarian disaster in Darfur and its responsibility for large numbers of killings in the region was beyond doubt. Investigator Asma Jahangir, a Pakistani lawyer, said a June visit to Darfur found overwhelming evidence government forces and militia they backed had executed large numbers of civilians. But according to an agreement reached this week and released Friday, Sudan had now pledged to set up safe areas for uprooted villagers, work to disarm marauding militia and stop offensive actions by government troops in civilian areas. The pact, reached Wednesday between Sudanese Foreign Minister Mustafa Osman Ismail and U.N. envoy Jan Pronk, outlines steps the Khartoum government must take within a month to improve security in its western Darfur region, site of what the United Nations (news - web sites) calls the world's worst humanitarian crisis. More than a million people have been displaced by conflict there and Jahangir said the government was mostly to blame. -- What a surprise...and I thought this whole time people were just dying on their own. Man, who would have thought that radical Muslims from the north were chopping people up like a tossed salad. (Sarcasm) Andrew B.

 -- This is so vile that even I can't describe the amount of hate that had to go into the making of this video. GRAPHIC CONTENT ** This is a combination of images from a CD-ROM entitled 'The Winds of Victory' released Friday, Aug. 6, 2004 by the terrorist group led by Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi. It purports to show Abul Hareth Abdul Rahman al-Dossari preparing himself for an attack on US troops in Baghdad (numbered by the source 1,2,3 and 4), footage of the attack itself, (numbered 5), and his dead body after the attack (numbered 6 and 7). In the CD-ROM, Muslim men are urged to take up arms against the 'crusaders' in Iraq (news - web sites) and the life of Iraq's interim prime minister is threatened. The contents of the CD-ROM, which was provided to the Associated Press by Jordanian newspaper Al-Siyassah, could not be independently authenticated. (AP Photo)

 --Definitely NOT nice Jewish boys.--

 This is the first in a series on Palestinian life four years into the intifada. It's not so much what Zakariya Zubeidi, the fugitive leader of the West Bank Aksa Martyrs Brigades, says, but how he says it. Zubeidi speaks in the vacant tones of a ghost. And four years after he first picked up a rifle, this peace-activist-turned-local-hero-and-killer eulogized the Palestinian intifada in words similar to those in which he described himself. "The intifada is in its death throes. These are the final stages – this I can confirm," he said on Wednesday. He held court in a safe house overlooking the Jenin refugee camp, now a sprawling complex of glimmering pastel-colored townhouses. If anyone embodies the intifada on the eve of its fourth anniversary, it is Zubeidi. The 28-year-old Aksa chief boasts a pedigree of martyrdom: Zubeidi's mother was shot dead in the battle of Jenin, as was one of his brothers. Two other brothers are in Israeli prisons. His father died of a skin cancer that the family says went untreated while he served a prison term for political activism against Israel during the first intifada. All this death and poverty – according to the World Bank, 52 percent of Palestinians live below the poverty line – has left the people "as exhausted as they were after the first intifada." -- Charles Krauthammer was right a month or two ago, when he predicted the end of the "INFANTADA". The reign of tyranny is coming to a close. We will see what the next phase of this madness will be, but make one thing certain...homicide bombing will be fewer and fewer. Andrew B.

 --That's my monkey...Teri--

 By BRIAN NEARING, Staff writer First published: Friday, August 6, 2004 The North American Islamic Trust, which owns the Central Avenue mosque raided by authorities, controls a growing number of mosques in the United States, a handful of which have been linked to terrorist activities, according to published reports. Last year, an Islamic school in Florida owned by the trust was described as a base for a local terrorist cell in a federal indictment. Another trust-owned mosque outside Chicago was investigated last fall for terror-related money laundering, according to local news reports. And this past December, the trust was added to a massive federal lawsuit filed in New York City by insurance companies and survivors' families over the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. The trust came to Albany in December 1999, when it spent $40,000 to purchase storefronts at 276 and 278 Central Ave. for use as the Islamic Dawah Center, according to real estate records filed with the Albany County Clerk's Office. The building is also known as the Masjid As-Salam mosque. Four months later, the mosque's imam, or spiritual leader, Yassin Muhiddin Aref, bought a residence about a block away at 44 West St., for $11,000, that had been foreclosed on by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, according to records. Aref is accused of helping a government informant who was posing as a terrorist interested in buying a shoulder-fired missile. -- Scary stuff... Andrew B.

 ALBANY, N.Y. — Information found in Iraq led federal investigators to become suspicious of an Albany, N.Y., mosque leader, FOX News has learned. Last summer, U.S. troops discovered Yassin Muhhiddin Aref's (search) name, telephone number and address in a book left behind in a vacated terrorist training camp, a U.S. official told FOX News. The book also revealed that Ansar al-Islam, the group running the camp, had given Aref a title: "the commander." Aref, 34, is the Imam of the Masjid As-Salam mosque in Albany, N.Y. He and one other mosque leader were arrested Thursday and charged with helping an undercover informant posing as a weapons dealer who was plotting to buy a shoulder-launched missile that would be used to kill the Pakistani ambassador in New York City. -- I am sure they had other plans as well. Andrew B.

