 Okay back. Rita and I just went to have a cigarette. It is fucking freezing outside. My nuts and her tits were the size of peas due to the extreme lack of warmth in our bodies. And Rita's eye blister looks like it might be going down. Phew. No one likes eye blisters. And no one likes bleeding gums either, but it looks like that is how the rest of my life is supposed to be lived. I definitely should get a good acting/modeling gig with a bloody smile. Hey...if a fat, mostly balding, speech-impetiment simple Simon can get one...so should I be able to. Kelly is meeting Rita and I for lunch today. It will be fun for the three of us to meet up and have a quick bite. Catch up on the last couple of days. Her aunt just gave her 50 bones, so we might get to eat somewhere nicer than Burger King. Although I am totally partial to Burger King. Yem. Cleo, this woman I work with, is just a nightmare. She has a cat for a husband, attention-deficit disorder, and a body that breaks all legal limits. I don't really understand it. Yesterday, she came up to me and we had the following conversation: Cleo: "So Joe, I am taking this new medication and it is making me have a fever and cotton mouth." Joe: "Oh. What kind of medication is it?" Cleo: "(Says something totally unitelligible)" Joe: "Oh. What does that medicine do for you exactly." Cleo: "Well you see Joe, it dries out my face. It makes all of the oil that my face produces go away forever. It is a process that goes on for 6 months. Then at the end of the process, my face will be free of acne and totally dry." Joe: (holding back the laughter that is rising to my mouth) "But Cleo, your face is beat red and looks like it has scales of dry flakes on it." Cleo: "That's a GOOD thing." Joe: (PISSING MYSELF WITH LAUGHTER AT THIS POINT) "But Cleo, what if in ten years you want to have some natural oils on your face. Then it will be impossible." Cleo: "Oh stop it Joe. No one wants natural oils on their face." (walks away with purpose) I immediately died laughing. DIED LAUGHING. Is she kidding? Is she crazy? Why would you take any medicine that a) gave you a fever b) gave you a fever and scaly skin and c) gave you a fever and scaly skin and ALSO depleted all natural oils from your face for the rest of your life! REST OF YOUR LIFE! Lordy. Funniest part about this entry...Cleo stood here, talking to me over my desk while I typed it. What a fuck.

 Well helloooooooooooo.....so Paul has come and gone. I am still a virgin. It wasn't the right time. I thought it was the right time, but it just turned out that you can't really plan for something like this. I wanted us to have a wonderful day seeing RENT, going out to dinner, going to a club and just being together. Ideally, we would have come home and made sweet, sweet love. However, instead of making sweet love, he shoved his fingers repeatedly in my ass and it hurt. Usually I like having his fingers in me. But this time it hurt a lot. He was so aggressive and none of it felt good. I am glad that we didn't go through with it just cuz we thought we had to. It is better that we wait. But I bought condoms for nothing. I guess they won't go bad. While Paul was here, he and I also went and got an HIV test. It was kind of nerve-wrecking. Just the idea of getting a test that could determine life or death is really scary. The guy that drew blood from me asked me: "How many life partners have you had?" I said: "Life partners? Do you mean people I have had intercourse with?" He rolled his eyes and said: "YES!" (Please asshole...as though every dick I suck is considered a fucking life partner) So I say: "If you mean intercourse, then the answer is zero." He literally looked at me as though I was a fucking liar. SERIOUSLY! His look said to me: "YOU ARE A SLUT AND A WHORE AND I CAN SEE IT ON YOUR FACE." Whatever douche...take my blood and move on. I go on Feb. 6th to get the results. Wish me luck! Today Rita woke up with some weird blister thing on her eye. I mean, it is so little you can't even see it, but it is there nonetheless. It is like me with my gums. They are sensitive and sometimes swell and bleed. For no reason! We both hate body things. Cuz sick! I am a normal guy living in this vessel of doom. Okay...gotta close this entry out, cuz I have this feeling that I am going to lose it. Blogger hurts my feelings sometimes when it makes what I want to post disappear into thin air. Where do those entries go? Prolly to Korea.

 Guess what world? Rita Lovely started working at my job today! It is so wonderful to have another friend working here. She is doing an amazing job already and I think that everyone loves her. We will have to see though. Imagine my boss is like: "Well SURE Rita is great at what she does, and works hard, and could save the company...but we are going to go with someone else." I would have a heart attack and die on the spot. (but then she could get my job) Rita is the new "temporary" Admin. Asst. for the Development portion of our organization. As stated in previous entries, the development department is full of fucking lunatics. And now Rita literally sees first hand what I go home and talk about every day. It is so great! I love it! Penelope has just started her own blogger too. I will put a link to her on here one of these days. In fact, she is blogging as we speak. Paul comes in to town tonight! OHMYGOODNESSOHMYGOODNESS! I am so excited. I called him at 12:30pm to see if he had many any arrangements to get on the bus. He didn't answer the phone. So I got all nervous and called his roommate (one of my best friends --- Mariah) and asked her to get ahold of him. She must have, cuz he called me within minutes. He was like: (in the groggiest voice ever) "Oh hi Joe. Yeah...I am getting up now." I am like: "GET THE FUCK OUT OF BED! YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO BE HERE IN 4 HOURS! (the bus/train ride takes 4 hours alone). So Paul says: "Oh, right. Okay...I am on my way." UGH! Can the kid EVER just do what he is supposed to do??? He has known about these couple of days for over a month. He keeps this up and he ain't sticking his dick in my tomorrow. TOMORROW! AY YI YI! Either way...he is on the train as I write this. And I really can't wait to jump into his arms the minute he walks through the door. I can't wait to kiss his mouth, take off his shirt, and have him carry me into the bedroom. I love him so much. He is so BOY! And as much as it pisses me off, cuz he doesn't always remember the little things, he is still a strong, straight-acting, sincere motha-fucker. He has a huge heart and takes care of me. Always has. Gives me a boner just thinking about him. And we have been together for 2 years! And I still get hard. Now that's an accomplishment. I have the next day and a half off from work. This way I can totally maximize my visit with Paul. I have also planned something amazing for us to do tomorrow. I would write it in here, but I feel as though he might read this tonight. I want to tell him about this so that he can catch up with me even if we don't have a chance to talk. :) Also, maybe he will learn a thing or two about how to be a better boyfriend. So tonight, Kelly, Rita and I play cards and hang out with Paul. Then I suck his dick and then he and I go to bed holding eachother until the morning. Or maybe tonight is the night that he will slip it in me. Well, only if I don't puke from nerves first.

 I have this problem called my gums are rotting. You can't tell by looking, but they tingle a lot and sometimes they bleed. But today, mostly just tingling. I went to the dentist on Monday and he cleaned them and told me that everything looked fine. However, they don't feel fine. Can't I just have normal gums like all the rest of the boys and girls?

 Another day spent shoveling shit. In actuality, my shit is in the form of data entry and answering the phones. People are just fucking rude sometimes. Most of the time...in NYC. At first it really scared the piss out of me. But now, I almost welcome the unwarranted aggression of other people. Those are becoming my favorite calls to field. It's kind of a game. Like, how can I handle what this other person is throwing at me while still making them feel like an asshole for trying to talk above me? In other words: You're FUCT! Today I had egg, cheese and bacon on a roll for breakfast. BACON IN A JEWISH PLACE. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Then I strung the Rabbi up from the ceiling. Ahhh...the satisfaction of being a Goyim. This girl I work with, we shall call her Penelope...she and I have become good friends and brother and sister in turmoil. She is working on this project for the Development Portion of our office...it is fucking hysterical. These ladies that are supposed to be the PR group that raises all the money for our non-profit organization...they are, for a lack of better words, mentally retarded. They can't form sentences, dress well, or possess any sort of sense of humor. Whatever...it is so hard to explain how absolutely ABSURD these women are. And I sit back and laugh. Laugh cuz these are the people telling ME how to conduct myself at work. Penelope gets on the verge of smashing the fax machine sometimes. One time she slammed it on the counter and I ran for my life. My job is a cross between WWF Smackdown and a fucked-up Jewish version of the slow class in highschool. Hee? Hee. BUT IT'S MOTHA FUCKIN FRIDAY! I love the weekend. Especially Friday nights. Staying up until the crack of dawn and then sleeping through the shitty part of Saturday. Alright, must go shave my pubes in the bathroom before I go home. Later...

 It is later in the day. I have finally calmed down a bit and realized that bad moods come and go. It is funny how you can forget that every time you fall into that mode. I was frustrated today. I felt so useless at work and incapable of earning my measly income. I went to college for God's sake. I should be able to get into gear enough to find a new place of employment. Just can't motivate myself enough. And then I get so pissed when I am treated as though I went to fucking BOCES. No offense to those that went to BOCES. Hey, that's your station in life. But I wasn't BOCES and now I am basically making the wage of a certified cosmetologist. Or a mechanic. Or whatever other career BOCES trains you in when you don't want to go to class. Today is my bitter day. As much as I can release and feel better...I will go to bed furious. Cuz thats how I woke up. My day was pre-determined. Hmmm....normal. Tonight, Kelly, Rita and I had a house meeting. Just to get shit in order before they got out of hand. It was the most N'SYNC* moment I have had with 2 other people in a long time. 3's don't work. I have been a part of dozens, and they always fail. But this 3 isn't a 3. It's a 2, 2, and 2. A different attempt at the same concept? Possibly. But it works beautifully so far. Great house meeting. Decided a few basic understandings...bills, cleaning, groceries. Then we watched "When Harry Met Sally " and just loved eachother. Pretty bomb. Felt like the beginning of something good. I spoke with Paul today. It was amazing. I was very candid with him and kept in check. No freaking out over the long distance, no getting over jealous for no reason, no making him prove his love to me. I hate these things that I do. DESPISE. But it is so hard not to when you try to live a full relationship in 10 minute conversations. So today was good. He even sent me a text from his phone to my email at work. I smiled and felt warm inside. The comfort of having him there even when I felt like poo. (POO!---makes me piss myself.) I really think that I am going to sleep with Paul. Listen...I am not some big loser that never had sex or couldn't get sex or was too afraid to do sex. I guess part of me is insecure that these LAME reasons would be my reason and that's why I spout about it now...but I spout nonetheless. I have held out for that perfect moment. I was gay in highschool (even though i didn't truly understand it or know it), gay in college and I never slept with a girl. I didn't even hook up with a guy until I was a sophomore in college. Late bloomer. So I have waited for that moment that I will never forget. The one thing that is in my control. I decide how beautiful and wonderful it will be. And I know that is exactly how it will happen. Next week! The most exciting part of it is that I have butterflies and nervous tension. As though I was doing him after the Junior Prom. It's just going to be a moment that in some way will change my life dramatically. And move me into that next phase of my life. Whoa. I'm gonna puke. These are my thoughts tonight. Also...in my last entry...I say that I am at work and that it "is a lot of shit for 12:00pm". IT'S TRUE! I wrote everything this morning and I am HTML stupid so I don't know how to fix the time. Blogger has already fucked me and we had only been on one date. dick. Sleep well.

 "Come on be my baby tonight" Why is the first entry always the hardest? I have written this 3 times and I am never happy with the words that spill out of my face. I find myself struggling to be cool or to be funny or come up with a theme, but instead I always end up sounding like a complete jackass. So now I just be me. And if you don't like it you can just leave. NO! DON'T! I really want you to stay. Here is my brief introduction: I am a born-again gay Christian who is an actor living in NYC. I have a boyfriend of 2 years named Paul and he lives in Boston. Currently I live with one beautiful and talented Rita Lovely and another girl who is also beautiful and talented, but her name is Kelly. I should also mention that I am one hot man-beast. I am also not your typical gay guy. I refuse to ever be the Will to your Grace. And I will never take you shopping for shoes or for that new shade of lipstick, just cuz I think that shit is lame. (Although I totally wish I had the money to buy myself a new pair of shoes and lipstick) I work for a Jewish organization as an Administrative Assistant. As I said, I am not Jewish at all. I just like having a job. Unfortunately for me, I take pride in my work. And as anyone who has ever worked in an office setting (especially as an AA) knows, no one else takes as much pride in your work as you do. To be quick...I fucking hate my job and if one more person acts like the task I haven't gotten to yet is of the UTMOST importance, I will probably freak the fuck out and and shove white-out down their throat. I have a brother who is moving to Germany for 3 years. He leaves in 2 weeks. I die inside when I think about it. I have a mother and father who have been smoking for 25 years (me for 4), and I die inside when I think about them dying inside. I also have an estranged sister and a dog that was stung to death by bees in front of my face when I was 7. Oh the stories of life's trials are endless. And we all got em. And lastly, but definitely most importantly, I am still a virgin. Long fucking story that I won't get into because I am hoping to be a non-virgin/slut by next week. Paul is coming and I think it is time. Poor kid has waited for 2 years on this...but there are valid reasons. Such as---put on a condem or no dick-in-the-ass for you. That should be a good enough introduction for now. Well I shouldn't forget the fact that I have a MAJOR bodybuilder fetish. HUGE, PUMPED, STRONG, MUSCLE turns me on in ways that nothing else could. And no, my boyfriend is not a bodybuilder. Life is just full of contridictions. Right now I am at work. I am also annoyed as I possibly could be. Counting the minutes until I either go home or set the place ablaze. Yet, even if the place WAS burning down...it would be: "Joe, just get this last fax out before the building collapses". I am just relieved to know that when I go home at the end of the day...I have a life and these fuckers have cats for husbands, social graces of cows, and a fetish for chocolate like I never knew was humanly possible. Here is my slightly offensive, yet totally honest thought for the day, as though I haven't offended you already: Rita and I were having a conversation recently that I think was very important to understanding the human condition. We both divulged that we have a secret desire to be hit by some out of control car and laid up in a hospital for a couple of months. Cuz when this happens, everyone that loves you comes to visit you and babies you as though you are the only person on the earth. And that shit feels good. Balloons and presents and cards from people that just CAN'T believe that you are hurt. Unfortunately, Rita and I also realized that these type of horrible fantasies never turn out the way you want them too. Instead of being hit by a car (that OF COURSE wouldn't damage my model-type face or give me any permanent physical damage) and being stuck in a hospital with TV and visitors, I would end up either losing both of my legs or with one eye that is perfect while the other eye that is sleeping permanently. Imagine a face with one eye sleeping and the other eye awake...that shit is scary! Hence, nothing ever works out well when you wish an ill-fate on yourself. In conclusion...do not pray that you will be walking across the street and lucky enough to witness a suicide. Cuz as great as it would be to get out of work for a couple of days....odds are that you will re-live that image over and over until you accomplish the same fate. WOW~! Some heavy shit for 12:00pm.

 I have to tell one really quick story called: " How Joe saved himself from the destruction of all things blog-like ". Earlier this afternoon...let's say around 12:30pm, I decided to add some really cool things to my blogger. I copied and pasted java script into my template and was getting increasingly more impressed with myself at how fast I was learning how to read the lingo. I was adding things left and right and my smile was growing bigger and bigger. Then, out of no where, my page FUCKS itself up. Actually I fucked it up cuz I thought I was more talented than I really am. The part of my page that has the ARCHIVE listing stretched itself so wide that it covered my entire page. All text was lost and I flipped the fuck out. I started screaming for Rita to come and save my ass. She was busy and not in the mood for my ridiculousness. Especially since she was working real hard today and I was playing for hours. She came out to help me fix my template and said the words of doom: "Joe, I really don't think I know how to fix it." My heart sank and I was convinced that I ruined my blogger. I was crushed. I say to Rita, in my emotional outburst, that "if I don't fix this, I am never writing in a journal like this again!" Rita and I leave for lunch. She buys me a nice meal at the West End and tells me not to panic, that she will fix it later on in the evening. I try to put it out of my mind for the duration of the lunch, but I was still so miserable. How could I fuck up my entire BLOGGLE? (Bloggle is my pet name for Blogger) We get back for lunch and I immediately go to town on trying to solve the problem. I open a whole new blogger and try to compare the two templates. It took me about an hour and a half to sort through the chaos that I caused. Suddenly, out of the abyss of all things amazing, my blogger is fixed! A yelp of joy escapes my throat and I run to Rita to explain that, with God's help, I have become the Java Script genius. Little does anyone know, but I sold my first born baby to the devil for the site to fix itself. Goodbye my child. Goodbye. Hell, it was worth it. So, my page was fixed and I thought: "Do I DARE go back in and try to add the links back into my site?" "What if I totally fuck it up again?" I decided to give it a go. AND MY SITE LOOKS BEAUTIFUL. I am so happy. It made the whole day worth it and gave me a feeling of accomplishment like I have never known. I am really starting to get this whole java script/html thing. Slowly...very slowly...but surely...very surely. So please, feel free to sign my guest book. Also feel free to answer the mini-poll. I will change the question as often as I can. Thank you Lord for saving my ghoulie. I would have been so sad if I lost all my hard work.

 Good morning VIETNAM! I am so glad that Vietnam is over. Finally, after all these years, I can get on with my life. Last night was the Grammy's. I only watched for maybe an hour, but in that hour, I was lucky enough to see this group called "NSYNC" perform. Hee. This "group". They are only my LOVE! My dream. My desire. My inspiration. Their performance was outstanding. It was tight, it was live, and it totally showed everyone that they are still cutting edge and perfectly in sync with each other. I think that these boys are the best pop group out there. They sing live WHILE dancing. They ain't no J-LO that lip syncs, even though she can dance. Justin and JC are obviously the king and queen of the group. I am just more impressed by these guys every time I see them perform. They meet all of my expectations and then some. (Big sigh) I finished this book last night called "Me Talk Pretty One Day" by David Sedaris. This piece of literature is the most hysterical thing I have ever laid my eyes on. I laughed out loud more at this book than any other book I have ever read. I wish I could give some specific examples, but I know that some of you want to be reading it. And you should be reading it. Pure genius. My breath is STANK today. I can taste it. Feels like, while I was sleeping, our cat, Trey, came in, pooped in my mouth, dropped some litter in for good measure...and then took off. All without me realizing. Luckily, the poop tasted good and I digested it by morning. But now my breath....oof. Penelope is getting a tooth fixed this morning. It broke yesterday while she was eating pudding or something. I don't think she even remembers exactly when the incident happened. But suddenly she had half of a molar missing! YIKES. My worst nightmare. Really. I would melt into jelly and slosh away down the sewers if my tooth ever just cracked open. UGH. No more talking about it, cuz I feel like I may vomit. I hope she is okay. Her appointment was for 9am. Paul sent me the most adorable message this morning. I open my inbox to my email and there is this message that says: "Thank you for being mine." OH! I melted all over the floor. Gosh. All I am doing today is melting for different reasons. He can be so adorable when he wants. And if he really tries...he makes me feel so good about myself. And makes me think that maybe long distance is okay. But maybe it's not. I do love him though. So much. Alright, time to do some work....

 Hello to all of my faithful readers. Or maybe just to my faithful friends. According to my site meter...I have had over 150 hits so far. That is great! Keep it up readers...makes me feel so gooooooooooood. Today has been an average day. Been pretty busy at work and my spirits have been mediocre. Yesterday was just an amazing day. After work, Penelope, Rita and I went for drinks at the West End. I just love that West End. Their drinks are affordable, the ambiance is great, and we have literally made it our second home. We were just going to have 1 or 2 drinks and as usual, this turned into 3 or 4 or 5. Buzzing in the most audacious manner, the 3 of us left the joint to drive to Penelope's apartment. There we commenced with the drinking, smoked a few bongs, and had some laughs. It was really the perfect way to spend a half day off. After this fun, Rita and I risked a DWI and drove back to our apartment in Queens. We got a little sidetracked and ended up somewhere near Flushing. Ok...we didn't end up THAT far away, but we were definitely lost for like 20 minutes. Then next thing we know, we take this random left and are suddenly on the path to our house. Last night the Real World was a repeat. FUCK! I hate repeats. But I shouldn't complain since it is the first repeat that they have shown. But Ugh! How do I wait a whole week to find out what happens to Kerry and Kyle?!?! Okay Joe. Get a grip. Mmmm...I just gripped myself alright. And it felt goooooooooood. That is the second time that I typed: "gooooood" in this entry. And I don't think "goooood" is even a word. maybe it is. What else, what else.... Kelly seems to think that she has more entries in her diary than I have in my blogger. PSHAW Kelly. I counted your entries. You have a total of: 17. I have a total of: a million. Hee. I win. The trophy goes to me. Oh great. Does that mean I have to go out and BUY a trophy now? Like I can even afford that shit. This weekend, Rita has a friend coming. This friend will now be known as Jill. (Great play on names, huh folks?) We are supposed to go to Karaoke. I have decided to quit smoking for a couple days to get my beautiful, tenor falsesetto prepared for my performance. Bullshit. I will smoke a bowl right before we go. And then I will sing "The Joker" by the Steve Miller Band. I have never met Jill before, but from what I hear, she is damn amazing. I am pretty excited to see who this chick is. Maybe I will "do" her when Rita ain't looking. whatever. As long as I get my dick sucked. Last night I called Doug again. I just had to. Rita says that I "have no game" cuz I stalk those that show any interest. HAHA. I don't stalk for real, but if I want something...hells if I am not going to go for it. So I call Doug and leave a message that is like: "Hello Doug. I have called twice now and I am not calling again. Please call immediately or I will fuck you up." Doug ends up calling me back an hour later. I screen the call and Doug says on the message: "Joe, pick up..." Does he KNOW that I am screening? Have I known him longer than 10 minutes in my whole life? Or does he just have this 6th sense that tells him that I am a screening freak? I don't know. Needless to say, I didn't pick up the phone and when I went to call him back an hour later, I got the voice mail. Whatever Doug. Call me again or don't. At this point I don't care. (yeah I do) so much so. This is one of the weirdest entries I have ever written. I am just kind of going off the top of my head. Hope I don't sound like too much of a fuck. fuck. me. immediately. in my virgin ass. WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH ME TODAY?!?!?!? Maybe I am in a better mood than even I realize.

 So I have this problem. My farts over the last week have been potent enough to kill a person. In fact, to be honest, I have killed 2 of my friends already. Penelope says that she is charging me with "Attempted Manslaughter". And she should. Citizen's arrest all the way. I haven't really been able to take a shit in days. So the steak I had for dinner on Sunday is just building on top of the chicken I had the day before. And last nights egg salad...just forget it. I am full of food and about ready to explode out of my bloated, rotting stomach.

 Good morning...GOOD MORNING! I only have to be at work today until 1pm. AAAAAAAAAAAAMAZING! It is this holiday I like to call Purim. Some celebration of sorts. I am celebrating by getting drunk at 2pm in the afternoon. What a day. I came up with a great idea last night while I was laying in bed playing with myself. One night, I am going to smoke a bowl and sit at my blogger and type for 15 or 20 minutes straight. I realized that so much goes through my head at night when I am sitting around stoned, blankly staring at the tv. I love the solitude and peace that comes along with a late night smoke. But quite often, my mind races and there are so many things that I want to quickly type into my blogger. So, coming to a blogger near you: Joe CuttheShit waxes philosophic while under the influence of marijuana's evil control. Rita and I drove to work today. THOROUGHLY enjoyable. And we got a parking spot basically in front of the building. The only down side---I have to leave every hour to put quarters in the parking meter. hee. Lately, I have had so many damn boogers in my nose. Like dry, crusty boogers. Weird. But fun to pick and eat. YAH! NEVER EAT! NEVERNEVERNEVERsometimesNEVERNEVER. (barf) Time to go home yet?

 Well, well, well.... I sent out over 20 resumes this morning. AND on top of that...I got a bite! I don't know which job it is, cuz all but two of the faxes had no contact name. But this lady, Helen Salinger called our house just now. Kelly happened to be home and online. She sent me the number and I called. OKAY. Now she just called back. UGH. The job sounded ok. She briefly talked about the assistant position, but...there were 2 HUGE problems. 1) The job paid a little less than what I am going for. Just a little, but I am not starting over for less than my goal. Especially with the amount of vacation time and flexibility that I have at my current job. 2) She said that the hours of work were from 12-9pm. Not good. I would have ZERO time for anything else. So whatever. The first opportunity sucked. But I will pray and wait for the second one. CAN someone just offer me what I need so I can be done with this????

 Monday morning. Yuck. Hate Mondays, almost as much as I love Fridays. Cept this Monday ain't so bad cuz I have a half day tomorrow at work. And this weekend was just about damn amazing. I am exhausted now from it, but it was well worth it. I also spent much more money than I should have, but I didn't go out Saturday so that saved me some bones. Friday night, Kelly, Rita and I went to Henrietta's on the Hudson. It is this lesbian bar that we have never been to. The place was JAMMIN. The people were so friendly and there were some hot chicks dancing around. Kelly gave her number to a girl, after much coaxing. (She tends to be a little shy when it comes to these type things) The girl she picked out was beautiful. The most clear-blue, piercing eyes. Her name was Shana and she was super cool. Hopefully she will call. I know Kelly would love that. At about 1am, the three of us loaded into a cab and went to Splash. I love me some Splash. I was also in rare form. (Maybe because I had about 15 drinks that night) Oof. During our 2 and a half hour stint there, I met 4 guys, got 3 numbers and kissed 3 of them smack on the mouth. The first guy I met was named Mark. He was about 6"2 and 220#. All muscle. His face wasn't that great and his jeans were even worse. But he did kiss well and he gave me a lot to hold on to. He was a big boy and I love that. We danced for awhile, we hugged, and about 15 minutes after I met him, I accepted his number and said "Latas". I walk away from Mark, only to bump into this guy named "Craig". Actually Kelly spotted Craig and when I got a glimpse of him, I went "DAMNNN!". The boy was perfect. He was built beyond belief and had a model face. I mean, the guy was just about sent from heaven. I told Kelly to track this boy down and let me dance with him. She did just that. When we bumped into Craig, he was like: "What's up, come dance!". So I did. Kelly casually bowed out of the situation and I stayed with him for a good 15 minutes. After a couple fast dances and one slow dance, I was annoyed that Craig wasn't paying all of his attention to me. Was he trying to win me over or just get down my pants? I didn't know. And then I just didn't care. I said: "Craig, it was nice to meet you. I am going to find my friends." He was like: "Nooo! Stay and dance a bit longer." I smiled, patted him on the side of the face and went to find Kelly and Reets. I forgot to mention that I did kiss Craig during the slow song, but it wasn't that great. He was beautiful, but he didn't have the basics down. Here are the basics: 1) Pay attention to me more than everyone else. At least for the moment that I am there. 2) You have to be a good kisser. If not...adios. 3) Be a man. Don't be flaming and never never NEVER act more gay than me. Craig fucked up the first two rules and then I met Shadrick. Now Shadrick...he was fucking amazing. Wanna know why? Because Shadrick was me. (wink, wink) Shadrick was Irish. He didn't seem to have an accent, but the music was real loud, so maybe he did. He was beautiful. Nice, lean body (not my type) and an amazing face. Shadrick walked by me, kissed me smack on the mouth and was like: "Come dance." I didn't feel like dancing with Shadrick as I had already spied someone more my type. Shadrick and I seem to be similar people. We are both shmoozers, we are both adorable, and we were both seeming to spread ourselves thin at this bar. I don't like people like me, usually. They are competition and I would rather avoid that type and stick with the quieter, more muscular, men of the bar. Which was who Doug is. Now Doug. Oh man...Doug. Doug is maybe an inch shorter than me, maybe my height. Doug is fucking HOT! He had an amazing body, cool stylin/black hair, and was wearing Abercrombie. My type of man. Doug was also not drinking when I saw him. We immediately made eye contact and I just stared at him for like a solid minute. He stared back equally as long. Finally I got so nervous that he wouldn't break my eye contact, that I had to break it. I looked at the ground and then danced away for a second. He was intimidating, cuz he was so beautiful. When I looked back in Doug's direction, he had switched spots with his friend, Matt. Doug and I stood next to eachother and danced for a minute or so. I introduced myself and shook his hand. He said something I couldn't hear and I asked him to repeat himself. Then, like the PERFECT gentleman, Doug grabbed my hand and asked me to come with him to a quieter part of the bar. Doug stood by all my rules. 1) He was more muscular...much more than me. 2) He took me to a quieter part of the bar so that he could hear everything I was saying. Way to pay attention to me. :) 3) He could be a good kisser...but I wouldn't know that yet, cuz........ I hung with Doug longer than anyone else I met during the night. He was friendly, adorable, and a fucking MAN! Doug is 33 years old and lives in Yonkers. He told me what he did as an occupation and I forgot. I was fucking trashed by this point. Doug gave me his phone number and I vowed to call him. I never kissed him because he didn't try. (I never try first) As I was leaving the bar, I ran back over to Doug and told him that I would be calling him on Saturday to see if he wanted to go out with me. He was like: "Sure. Please do call." BUT...I got home, realized I had a boyfriend and didn't call. In fact, I haven't called yet. I spoke with Paul on Saturday and told him everything that happened. Maybe I left out how absolutely attractive all of these guys were, but I did tell him that I kissed some boys. And even that I was planning on calling Doug again. He handled it with style and grace; the way he handles every fucked up thing that I do. I had an incredible time that night. I am always suprised that I get some hot guys. Inside my head, I feel like I am an exceptionally heavy, acne covered, no personality idiot, that wants guys that he can't have. Yet, I can have...and I will have. It makes me feel so good inside. More updates on Doug to come. I really am considering calling him today. Oof. Gimme some Doug.

 Okay Joe. Cut the shit. I gotta stop adding these stupid little tests. But they change up my page a bit and sometimes the information I discover is VERY important. For example this is my day of the week and also a picture of me sewing: urlLink What day are you? Now, I mean...who didn't NEED to know that?

 I really wanted to be HEEM. But I guess I will settle. urlLink

 IT'S MOTHA FUCKING FRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIDAY! Rock. I just love the weekend. I don't think I have ever loved the weekend so much in my whole life. I look forward to it like a druggie looks forward to his fresh new bag. It's a good feeling. And like the druggie, I know that the good feeling will have to go away eventually. Like on Sunday around 6pm. Oooh...makes me shudder to even think about it. Last night, Rita and I went over to play with Penelope for awhile. Good time it was. I am so happy that Rita and Penelope are getting along so well already. They have a good deal of similarities and are both willing to let go. We laugh, we wax philosophic, and we cry. Well, not so much cry. Actually never cry. But it is always amazing nonetheless. I laughed so hard last night I thought my face was going to fall off. There was some shit that was just so damn funny. One of them being: One of the bitches I work with, I think her name was given as "Doris" left this notebook on my desk a couple of days ago. Doris is constantly leaving things on our desks. And we are constantly asking her to remove her smelly shit as quick as possible. Sometimes, quite a few times, Doris' SHIT has ended up in some garbage can on Broadway. So Doris leaves this notebook and on Thursday I decide to take it and throw it away. However, on the ride home in the cab, Rita and I look through the notebook and find scribblings of some HUMILIATING shit. Doris seems to have "Professional Jealousy" with our boss. Doris scribbles that she deals with: "anger, lies, perception" and a "need to be alone". Doris then draws scary pictures of some sort of wolf-like serial killer. I don't know how to describe it to you. Well, in fact, I think I did just describe it to you. Some scary shit. So now that the notebook has gone "missing", Miss Doris is frantically trying to find it. She has lost numerous notebooks and has never said a word about it. But this one...oh she knows that it has to intense writings in it. And what IF...what IF someone like my boss happened to discover it? Ooooh...the pleasure. For once, we have power in our hands and I love it. If Doris just wasn't such an animal, maybe we would just return it. But since she is a wildebeast that knows not right from wrong, I think I will have to rip out one page at a time and sporadically slide them under her door before she gets to work. (snicker motha-fuckin snicker) Tonight, Rita and I have some friends coming into town. They are 2 of the 6 people that make up our intense group from college. I haven't seen one of these girls since I graduated. Distance has ripped us all apart. It should be nice to have a few drinks with them. I sure hope it is a good time. There is always that possibility that Stacil will walk up to me and be like: "You are an asshole. Why haven't you called? Get the fuck out of my face." I will then proceed to rip up the belated birthday card that I will be holding in my hand. No. I wouldn't. But slap her in the face with the card...now that I would do. Alright...time to have yet another cigarette today. Yuuuuuuuuuuuuuum.

 Why is it that straight guys (usually hot ones) have this way of flirting with me? It's like my own personal Temptation Island . The ones I meet will usually not talk to me at all at first. Then one day the relationship changes. It's "Jeff..what's up man!?", "Jeff, you're cool man!", "Jeff, come over here and suck my dick man!". (okay never the last comment cuz I would LOVE IT!) It's just weird. Maybe I read into things too much. But deep inside I feel like I don't. People like to flirt. Just a fact of life. And if a straight guy knows that I am gay and is cool with it, then I find that, more often than not, they will casually make comments to me. It's like they WANT me to WANT them. And sometimes I do. I love a challenge. And I especially like scaring the piss out of straight guys that THOUGHT they were straight, until suddenly they are sleeping in my bed and kissing me. But these aren't the guys that will become boyfriends. Just guys that will either: a) break my heart b) be a fun, "experimental" hook-up c) kick the living shit out of me. It's an enjoyable and dangerous game. I am going to miss it when I finally grow up and leave straight people alone.

 "Stop and smell the roses." This is a saying that I wish I could apply to my life. But I just don't know how to re-train my personality to do so. Kelly, Rita and I were having a convo. the other night about how I am always "rush around" and they are always "can we please just take our time". I wish I could just slow everything down so that I didn't always feel like there is more fun to be had. Know what it is? I have to work on MY schedule. I am one of those people that never just ups and does something. Everything I do has to be thought out and planned. For example, if a friend invites me to lunch at 10am that day...I will always say no. Even if I don't have plans, I would still rather not do anything, cuz mentally I didn't have time to prepare myself. It is becoming kind of an obsession. I love going out and getting drinks. But if you don't ask me to do it at least 2 days in advance, the odds of me going with you are slim, but mostly slim to none. With a focus on the none. "Stop and smell the roses." Spontanaiety and I are good friends. But only when I am ready for it a week in advance. Hmph. I need to lighten up a bit.

 Okay...one more test that I took. This one was better than my "last past life". I aint no fucking garbage man! But when I took the "what donut am I?" test, it came out totally truthful. I turned out to be jelly. And jelly is my favorite. And my stomach is full of blood, like a jelly donut. And I wear powder on my face when I do stage shows. And when you squeeze my middle, my best parts come out. I am so a jelly donut. urlLink *Take This Test!* See what you are my friend.

 I just took this test on-line to figure out what my past life is. First off, I thought the test would be a little more enjoyable, but maybe it is only for recreation purposes. I was hoping to discover myself and figure out why I am truly on the planet. Yeah whatever. Here is who I was in my past life: Your Results: You were male in your last earthly incarnation. You were born somewhere around the territory of what is now know as modern Quebeck, approximately in the year 1075. Your profession was: digger, undertaker. A brief psychological profile of you in that past life: Person with huge energy, good in planning and supervising. If you were just garbage-man, you were chief garbage-man. A lesson that your last past life wishes you to learn in your present life is: You are bound to solve problems of pollution of environment, recycling, misuse of raw materials, elimination of radioactivity by all means including psychological methods. do you remember? -----------------------------------------------------> whatever dawg. I was so Cleopatra in my past life. If you would like to see what your past life is, go here: urlLink

 I woke up from the deepest sleep this morning. It was like flying out of a long tunnel, only to realize that at the end of it was my reality of having to get up and go to work. I celebrated by jerking off. Last night, Rita and I went grocery shopping for Kelly. It was fun. Like a scavenger hunt. In fact, one of the best parts was that I brought a glass of wine with me and drank it like some old, alcoholic lady getting her menial tasks done. It was enjoyable. I was in bed last night by like 7:30pm. What is my deal? I watched some tv and laid in my comforter, sweating my nuts off. Cuz what is the fucking deal with this weather? Don't get me wrong...like everyone else, I enjoy it. But unlike most people, I believe that bad things are happening because of it. Polar ice caps melting, water draughts, the Lord Jesus Christ coming back to rapture his children. Not that that's a bad thing. Well, not for me. ;) My boss isn't going to be in today. ROCK. Tonight Penelope and I are doing our (just about) bi-weekly ritual of having some wine together and getting a bag. We always have a good time when we chill at her house. I try to shove the wine down her throat, but she isn't a huge drinker. I do consistently refill her glass though, cuz you know...once I get her liquored up, I can do whatever I want to her. (hahahahahahahahaha) never. If you ain't watching the Real World this season, you are missing out! I know I have written about this before, but I must write about it again. The show, this time around, is definitely my favorite one of all time. ALREADY! There have been about 5 episodes so far and each one has me gripping the side of the couch, or crying one stoic tear, or yelling in anger. The members of the cast are wonderful. They were perfectly picked. There is some controversy and differing of opinions (as there should be), but for the most part, they all get along so well. It is nice to see that. Of course, there is one guy (Theo) spouting off about how homosexuality is "discusting" and "a sin". And there is this girl Tonya, from Wallah Wallah, Washington who is a moron, but she means well. This week's episode was about Chris and his boyfriend. They have a long distance relationship and to be honest, I am not sure if they are really together. It seems to be a newbie relationship. I don't really enjoy Chris or the guy he is dating, but I love the way that the other people react to them. It is intriguing, thought provoking, and for the first time in a LOOONG while, I can actually understand what straight people go through when they see two homosexual men in an intimate setting. It was almost too hard for me to watch...and Paul and I are much more intense then they are. It was interesting. I got to thinking...is this how Paul and I come across? I feel like we are totally normal, average guys. But I guess one could argue that Chris and his boy are the same way. This week's episode really made me think. Please, catch up with this show if you haven't seen in already. It is really quite amazing. I am so glad that the weekend is almost here. Gonna have some fun. Gonna sleep. Gonna do whatever the fuck I feel like doin. FREEEEEEEEEEEEDOM! And no work for a couple of days. Thank the lord that he invented weekends.

 Fucking time for lunch!!!! WHOO-HOOOOOOOOOO! Where are you Miss Penelope? this bitch needs to eat!

 Tonight I am going grocery shopping for Kelly. She left me money and an itemized list behind. It is going to be kind of fun. Like a Scavenger Hunt. Cept I don't get any great prize after winning this "hunt". Well, Kelly did promise to buy me a pack of smokes. I guess that counts as a prize. I just got this INSTANT MESSAGE from Rita. It was all of these HUGE size grins. It scared me and made me cry with laughter. This is what it looked like: :-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D

 For some reason I am so horny today. I think I need to go jerk one in the bathroom. But what if my boss comes in? What if he wants to join in with me? What if I get pregnant? whatever. I will just flush the baby down the urinal.

 Wow. I have been pretty busy today. Lots of work to do and so much more to go. Last night, Kelly, Rita and I had a wonderful time together. We originally planned on going to this local bar in Queens, but we never found it. Then I had to piss real bad and forced us to go home as quickly as possible so I could relieve myself. Ahhhh....it felt so good. Kind of like an orgasm. Funny how that is. After the pseudo-orgasm, Kelly, Rita and I sat around and debated the career of Britney Spears, over a glass of wine. We spoke on this topic for close to an hour, when finally we decided that Brit could really go either way at this point. She will either end up as the next Madonna, or she will stay on the path that she is going and end up as the joke of modern society. I was very impressed at Kelly's opinions on the subject. She, being someone who adores the fuck out of Britney, was able to take a very neutral and open-minded stance on the future success of this popstar. Kelly didn't feel the need to convince us of Britney's worth and thus opened up the conversation to new levels. It was fun and I definitely enjoyed having a semi-political debate on Brit. Yesterday I felt as though Paul and I were doomed. I was convinced that he and I were traveling down different paths and that the only possible end result was a nasty break-up. I was so confused and scared. I believed so much in the demise of our relationship that I was already planning what to say to him. Then he called me at 1:30am and woke me up out of a deep sleep and was so damn adorable that I was able to find that spot for him that I thought was lost forever. Damn, I am so not good at commitment of any form. It scares the piss out of me. And the other problem is that I follow my heart soley. I never listen to what my head tells me. I should try to combine the two, but I predominately go with what I feel. I do love him. Or at least I think I do. But what do I do if I can't figure out how to move forward from the point we are at now? Is he going to move here? If so, what if we break up? Are we ever going to get close enough that we actually make love? If we don't, when will I ever lose my virginity? I am almost 25! :( So many things to riddle my brain. I just wish that I had the capability of sitting back and letting go. Cuz if I could do just that...who knows the levels that this relationship could break?

 I read this blogger earlier that was fucking disturbing. It was this girl that wrote something to this effect: "So I haven't written in awhile (mind you this was the first entry she has ever made...I checked her archives) and a lot has happened to me. First off, my mom, sister and cat died in a fire from toxic smoke. Then I started getting these anxiety attacks and my dad says I should go to the hospital." She continues on for a good while about nonsense and then ends it by saying: "Happy lollipops and oranges to everyone!" WHAT THE FUCK?!?!?! Cuz I mean if your moms died (along with your cat and sister), you probably wouldn't sit down at your blogger right away. Second, if you are the kind of person who would do sit down and write about it right away anyway...are you also the same type of person that writes at the end: "Happy oranges and lollipops to everyone"? This girl is fucking whack. I wish I could remember the web address, cuz you guys gotta read this shit. People are crazy. And what the hell is a "happy orange"? lordy. I read another blog that was all in Chinese symbols. Chinese people are weird. And I also don't understand the bloggers that are all links. Such as: "Today was good...check this out: insert link." Or "I love pizza and here is something to think about: insert link". Unoriginal, boring, and a waste of valuable web space. But happy oranges to you! Almost time for lunch. Cannot wait. The day is actually almost over too. That is wonderful news. Tonight I am supposed to go get drinks with Kelly and Rita after work. I haven't spoken to Kelly about it yet, so I don't know if we are going for sure. I hope so. Cuz after this long and excruciating day of hard labor, I should definitely celebrate with some booze. I got this best friend necklace over the weekend. It is one of those that have the heart split in half. One side says "Joe Cuttheshit" and the other says "booze". Kelly is off seeing the smash hit movie "Crossroads" by the triple threat talent Ms. Britney Spears. HAHAHAHA~! I am happy that she gets to see it, cuz it is like all she wants out of life right now. Good for her for sticking by her guns and seeing that thing despite all the flack everyone gives her. But to be honest, if Justin Timberlake was in his own movie, I would be at the Sneak Preview. Yum. Timberlakes. I think she is seeing the movie with Randall, the EX. Dum duh dum dum. DUM! Here is a song about Nouns: (Sung to the tune of "Freir a Jacques" or the English version "Are you sleeping brother John?") "Nouns are people. Nouns are places. Nouns are things. Ruth. Rome. And Rings. Helen is a proper noun. Melon is a common noun. Use a capital - for the name Bill." What a great song. I wonder if Britney will cover it in her new movie. Latas.

 Fuck. Just lost everything I typed.

 SO DAMN BORED TODAY. I just can't get myself motivated enough to do anything. It's not like my job is hard or even really time consuming...in fact, it is just plain dull. I sit here and dream and hope that a hot guy will walk in and say: "Hey you. Wanna go have some lunch together." But instead...Rita just sent me some real cool online sites to check out.

 "Ohh....back to work....back to work...to prove to dad that I'm not a jerk. Back to work...back to work...can't believe that I am stuck in this shithole." A little take off on the Billy Madison hit: "Back to School". Wow I am tired this morning. I think I am more tired now than when I woke up. How does that happen? Probably cuz I spent the subway ride with my head bowed and eyes sealed shut with sleep. Sweated my balls off again in bed last night. What is the deal? I am constantly sweating. No wonder I am always dehydrated. I just can't keep up. Friday night, Paul and I went to SPLASH. (My favorite gay NYC club) I love this place. I love it even more when I am not with Paul. It is weird to go to a cruisy pick-up place with your boyfriend. Especially when he makes me feel as though he is ONLY there to show me off. I never feel like he really wants to be there to have a good time with just me. Our conversations tend to suck when we are at a club just the two of us. In fact, our conversations tended to suck all weekend. We were very distant from each other. Lots on my mind in that area...but I don't feel like going into that right now. Saturday night, my housemates and I went to see Urinetown: The Musical. It was pretty good. I definitely laughed quite a bit and the performances were excellent. The writing was outstanding as well. In fact, it was an overall good performance. Kelly, Rita, and I thouroughly enjoyed ourselves. Afterwords, we went out with Rita's boyfriend, Scott, and some of his friends. I got fucked up! It was fun and I spent a lot of time laughing and chortling. Chortle. ing. Kelly and I acted as though we were 12 years old, ashing our cigarettes on these ugly bitches and stealing things left and right. It was probably the funniest thing to happen all weekend. Even funnier than Urinetown. This guy Simon is in this play. It is called Danton's Death or some shit. It is funny to hear people standing around, in my office, and talking about it right now. Considering that I think Simon is a piece of shit...I will not be attending the play. Besides the fact that his pretentious attitude about theater will always keep me away from any performance he ever does (I mean...he went to a Conservatory, please!), until I start acting, I will not support those with speech impetiments and partial balding who are acting. Or I can just be a huge bitch about it all...like I am doing right now. So tired. Found numerous jobs in the paper yesterday. Gotta get my resumes and cover letter together tonight so that I can fax them out. Must find new job immediately. Or must figure out a way to sell things I own for money. Must. M U S T!

 Yesterday was Valentine's Day. I was pretty excited cuz Paul and I have yet to actually spend a V-Day together. It is also his birthday so it was even more special for him to come. We had a wonderful time together. Talking, hugging, etc. However, we went to this restaurant call "Bill's Gay Nineties". Now, according to the title, we thought we were in for a night of quiet, piano-bar style, dinner. I pictured a bunch of old gay men dining. Nope. It was a bunch of old men alright, but they were homophobic and just plain mean to us. Beginning with the coat check lady that stared at me the entire time like I had 3 heads (2 of which had massive deformities). She literally STARED the entire time. Even to the point in which I kept catching her and she would just continue to look in my eyes. She was creepy. Then they shove us in this corner next to the piano player and serve us watered down drinks at $9 a pop. The steaks were majorly overcooked and the owners of the bar (2 old men and this old, fucking pretentious bitch) stared and laughed at us the whole time. At one point I got up to have a cigarette at the bar, and this old fucker (like 75 old) grabs Paul by the arm and says: "What are you doing? Trying to escape on the bill?" or some shit...Paul gets pissed! And rightly so... I finish my cigarette and the bartender makes Paul a drink without even looking in his eyes. He then slams the drink on the counter and walks away. We were appalled. Finally, we were half-way through our meals and we decided that we just had to leave. Paul goes up to the woman owner and says: "You are rude and our steaks are overcooked and we want the check now." The lady glowers at him and is like: "Fine." We get our bill, shoot nasty looks back at the owners, who are still staring at us and making comments to one another. We did tip our waitress well, cuz she was the only one who had any sort of decency. Then we got our jackets and tipped the coat lady one buck, cuz she was a fucking nightmare. On the way out, they have this huge mirror on this display. I gathered every amount of loogie in my throat and spit it all over the mirror. FUCK YOU BILL GAY NINETIES. Clean up a fag's spit. Paul and I did have a wonderful time together. Thank God for that. I fell asleep in his arms at like 11:30pm. He said I sweat my balls off all night. oops. He came on me without me even touching him. Sometimes I can be sexy as fuck. hee. Today is "Pizza Friday". This weekly ritual is something that I created for myself and allows me to start out my weekend on a tasty note. I have to get at least one slice every Friday. Kelly used to eat pizza with me on Fridays, before work. Rita now has some with me usually. But today, the devils (or her bosses - whatever term suits you more) are keeping her late. So no pizza for Rizza. Tomorrow night, Kelly, Rita and I commence to "Urinetown" the musical. We will probably get drinks first and then off to a musical about public toilets. NYC doesn't get any better than this. Afterwords, we will probably go for more drinks. Why does everything in my life revolve around getting drinks? It will be fun to hang with Kelly for once. We haven't seen her all week. It is like she has been away on vacation. Cept that the vacation has been filled with massive amounts of homework, endless shifts at work, and rehearsals for a show she just started. Goodness. She sure is a trooper. And a good girl. Last night, Kelly and her ex-girlfriend Randall spent some time with each other. From what Kelly says they had an amazing time together. I am so happy for her and for the fact that they can be around each other and not kill. That is very difficult to do when you come out of a relationship of 2 years. I know I couldn't do it. They are both being very strong and patient. I am proud of my babies. So...Paul will be here soon. Then Pizza and fun! And maybe it will be a better lunch than last nights' dinner. Only thing that could make lunch worse is if I got punched right in my fag face. HA!

 Almost the end of the day and almost time for me to escape. I had lunch today with my new boss, Jim. It went wonderfully. We had some great talks and I realized today how interesting of a person he really is. I voiced my concerns about certain areas of my job and he totally listened. He responded in such an assertive manner that it made me feel relieved that he took over the position. He also paid for my lunch AND we each had two glasses of wine. What is he? The coolest ever? Today, again, has been an overall good day. No one getting in my face or bothering me. In other news...I have to go buy Valentine/Birthday gifts after work. Paul is coming into town tomorrow and his birthday just HAPPENS to be on V-day. Lucky bitch. I am SURE that I will get nothing again for this holiday, just like I got for Christmas and our anniversary. He always pays for me when we go out, etc. But it would be nice if he could write a fucking card once in awhile. Sorry....obviously this strikes a cord deep within my soul. I mean, write a simple card sometime. But I guess that is too much to ask. Dick. I have made reservations at three different restaurants for tomorrow night. I am not sure where he will want to go. So I call him today at like 11am and say: "Please call me back today as soon as you can...I have a few questions to ask you". (ie: which restaurant to go to...) And of course...the fucking asshole hasn't called back. Good. I will make the decision about where we go to eat and it will be Burger King. Case closed. I work with this guy that I will call Brian. He is a really sweet guy. And in fact, I hooked up with him for a solid two weeks when Paul and I were having problems. He treated me really well at the time and made me feel like a god. But then I realized that I don't like it when people kiss my ass. I need them to provide some sort of a challenge. And Brian was falling for me way too fast. Now, we have this strange relationship in which some days we are best friends and some days we don't speak. Gay relationships are weird. Plus he has a HUGE donkey dick. OMIGOD...I think I might have gotten Mariah a possibility at a job when she gets here. I gotta go! Will explain later....

 I woke up in the middle of the night last night to find myself doubled over with the worst cramps? Was it the first case of male period? Male pregnancy? Intestinal cancer? No. In fact, it was a mad case of the diarrehea explosion. I ran to the bathroom and had the worst time. Then this morning, I still feel like I gots to go, but there is nothing left. And I feel that if I push hard enough, my liver and kidneys are bound to plop into the toilet. ugh. Today I have to have lunch with my new boss. He has been hounding me to do so for weeks now and I always cancel. So I bite the bullet and do it today. I am sure it will be better than expected. It just sucks that I have to give up a lunch break to be with people I work with. I hate that. My lunch break is my free time away from this place I call BS. The Real World (Chicago) is fucking amazing. It is quickly becoming my favorite Real World of all time. And no, not cuz of the gay guy in it. He is actually the weirdest shit I have ever seen on tv. I, for the first time in a while, am obsessed with the straight characters, Kyle and Kerry. They are struggling to not fall for each other, but it is only inevitable. Kyle has a long time girlfriend, and refuses to cheat. But whatever, Kerry is throwing everything at him that she can think of...and it is working. He follows her around like a dog in heat. Or maybe more like a gorilla in heat, cuz this boy has got a great body. I love this season. OOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! The cramps are killing me. If I do turn out to be pregnant, I am giving the baby away. I just can't fuck up my future like that.

 Quickly writing, quickly writing. I have had a great day today. I feel happy and alive. I didn't have any sort of stupid-ass panic attacks today. I didn't get annoyed at anyone today. Work was very quiet and actually a pleasure to be at for like the first time in months. Penelope is out sick today. Good for her. But how do I tell her that people are chomping at the bits for her to come back. Everyone is like: "Is Penelope coming tomorrow", and "Have you heard from Penelope." NO EVERYONE! Leave the girl alone! Only about 45 minutes left of work. Tonight is "alone" night. Rita and I go our separate ways the minute we get home. It is kind of fun. I will probably sit on my ass and watch some tv. Maybe do some light reading, singing, etc. You know. Oh shit...the office supplies just arrived. OH SHIT. I just cut my finger with the scissors. I am now bleeding everywhere. YOWZAH!

 "I'm just sipping on Chamomile"...if I hear that damn song one more time...I kill. I just spent an hour posting this blogger on numerous search engines. Now, maybe, I will get some readers other than my loyal friends. We shall see. For those of you who don't know how to do this, but want to...I would check out the "How to publicize" tutorial that blogger gives. Highly informative and pretty easy to figure out. Now all I gotta do is figure out this "3-way action" situation. I sure hope it don't have to do with lesbos and/or a menage a trois. Sick. ;)

 I just got done reading Kelly's diary. There were some great entries in there. She is dealing with quite a lot right now. Overworked with school, work, life in general. She is lonely and stressed and I am sure...very tired. I feel bad for her that she has to go through all of this...and mostly alone. Rita and I work the same job, have the same commute, and basically live the same lives. I know that this fact is an extra stress on Kelly who feels left out, and like she is missing out on all the talks, the fun, and the changes that happen every day. But how can I explain to her that she is making it worse for herself than it really is??? Rita and I do not spend the whole day laughing and giggling. I am not sobbing every day and opening up my deepest secrets to Reets. It just hasn't been like that. We do spend a lot of time together, but that is OK. I feel like I am doing something wrong. And Kelly is just so upset about it that I don't know what to say to make her feel better. It is never fun to be the one that has the opposite schedule, or a boyfriend that is long distance, or to be a second semester senior. But we have all dealt with it at one point or another. Or we are dealing with it right now. Kelly is someone that needs to have people around to keep her sane. Not people, but those that she loves. She needs to expoud on her day, open her heart, and lots of times, she just needs hugs. Kelly and I are very different. I don't want to open my heart, or accept hugs. I want to be left alone to my own devices, locked in my room forever. But I love Kelly and I want to do what I can to make her feel better. Right now I am also dealing with quite a bit myself. I am depressed that my brother is gone, panicking over finding a new job, worried about my relationship with Paul, and somehow trying to find a way to escape the drama of every day life. And at some point I should be an actor. What I really need is no pressure right now. I really need to not HAVE to do anything for anyone else. Paul and Mariah want me to come visit. My parents want me to come home. I should be calling my friends from school, memorizing monologues, hanging out with my friends in NYC...and blah blah blah. There is just so much. So I have decided...actually made this decison awhile ago, that I am letting everyone else figure out their own problems for awhile. I am not the problem solver. I am not the one who HAS to make everyone else feel better in their life. I refuse to do it. I just plain don't want too. If I have to deal with all my shit, than why can't you deal with yours? This entry is in NO WAY reflective upon anyone in specific in my life. It is just to let everyone else and mainly MYSELF know that I am living for me now. If I don't want to visit you, I'm not going to. If I don't want to go out with you, I am not going to. If I don't want to stay up past 6pm, I am not going to. I am living for Joe now. And only Joe. It's about time. I need to get my life together, and I am having a very difficult time doing it when everyone needs something from me. SO ahhhh...take a deep breath cuz it will all be ok. And you Miss Cleo...can fuck right off!

 At work and praying that it will be 5pm before I even realize it. Rita is filled with anxiety this morning. I hate those days. When you wake up and even though there is nothing huge to be worried about you still feel as though you are going to crawl right out of your skin. Tough mornings. But we laughed and joked on the subway and I think that helped a bit. We have a staff meeting today and that is cool. It breaks up the day a bit. Penelope doesn't feel well and will probably only be here for the meeting. I don't think she should come at all...but I am sure that Rabbi dickhead is forcing her to be here. Ugh. I feel like I have a permanent loog in my throat today. Not a great feeling. I want to cough it up so that I can stick it on Rita, but I can't seem to get it going. I will suprise her with it later. So this week is Valentine's Day. Kind of exciting. What to do, what to do. I should make reservations at a nice "gay"restaurant for Paul and I. I don't gots much money, so I better get hacking on this problem quick. Rita's boyfriend is coming to visit too. He should be here by Thursday. I know she is excited to see him. Long distance blows a fat dick. No. Not true. A fat dick is a good thing. Long distance blows a spindly, veiny, pasty white penis. Yeah, that's better. This weekend, Rita, Kelly and I commence to a viewing of Urinetown. Saturday night. We are looking forward to it. We don't know much about the show and that's the best part. Probably go for a few drinks first. Then we will go to the show and piss on eachother. Cuz of Urinetown. I tell you, I will be damned disappointed if one of us don't end up covered in pee. It's the whole point, right? So the monster that I work with named Doris tried to pull a fast one. A rabbi from another organization came in and wanted a tour of the facility. So I go get Doris, cuz that is part of her job, and she is like: "You know, this is just not a good moment." I stand there staring at her, not leaving her office, waiting for her to get off her ugly ass and do it. Eventually, she slams her shit down and gets up. What a fuck. Don't give me attitude cuz your life is speeding down the toilet of incompetence. She's a fuck. And worse than her being a fuck, she is ugly. And she has bad clothes. And she eats like a horse. And if she EVER EVER gives me attitude over something again (something that is clearly her job), I will prolly spit or shit or jizz in her coffee. No. I really will. This cunt's gotta go. Ahhhh....now I feel better. So off to another day. Fuck. Can I get out of here soon please?????????

 Winfield's plane leaves in an hour. I am pretty excited for him. We had an amazing, low-key day yesterday with few tears. There were tears, but they were reserved for the final goodbye. Rita and I drove him into the city and met my parents and their friends. Winfield and I hugged for a good 3 minutes straight. I just didn't want to let go. I felt like I was really letting go of him as a boy and when he comes back, he will be a man. And maybe by then I will be one too. We spent the day playing cards and having a couple beers. We got to talk and laugh and just be with eachother for the afternoon. It was perfect. There were a few moments yesterday, (after he left) that I felt like I was going to break down into hysterical sobs. But I was able to breathe through it and find that bright side. It's quite possible that I will see him again by the end of the year. Maybe by Christmas? Hopefully by Christmas. Ironically, I woke up in an amazing mood today. I feel ready to get out of the house and do something. I feel as though I should act on this feeling and not wait for it to dissipate into the depression of a usual Sunday. So I am driving Kelly to work in Lower Manhattan. Then Reets and I will prolly have a few glasses of wine, watch a movie, and just relax. Why can't every day be so simple and nice? Haven't heard from Paul since Friday night. We got in a little tiff. This was how the conversation went: Paul: "Hi. How are you?" Joe: "Good. We are in a cab going home." (We had just been to a cool party and bar with our friend Penelope) Paul: "Cool. So what are you doing tomorrow?" Joe: "Well tomorrow is going to be a difficult day." Paul: "Oh. You have an audition right?" Joe: (Anger at his ignorance rising to my throat) "No, Paul. My brother is leaving for Germany tomorrow. And I haven't audtioned once since I left school (which he knows), so why would you say something like that?" Paul: "Oh. I forgot. Sorry. I thought you said that you wanted to start auditioning." Joe: "Alright. I gotta go. Thanks a lot man." Paul: (knowing he fucked up) "Joe, I am sorry. I didn't mean that. I don't know why I said it." Joe: "Well, whatever. Thanks for the support." I hung up and was enraged. Why the fuck can't he ever think of anyone, but himself. I OBVIOUSLY don't need him to be there for me all the time. But can he at least remember the big things that are changing my life? I don't get it. He is so self-centered. (As we all are) But if he can't give me the right words of encouragement or advice, can he at least remember that my brother is moving to fucking Germany? Great boyfriend moment by Paul. And we have only been together for 2 years and a month. Not that I am counting the time toward the demise of our relationship. So he called once more that night and I just couldn't bear to hear anymore of his bullshit. So we barely spoke. He hasn't called since. And I am surely not calling his sorry ass. Why does he have to always put me on the defensive. Fucking toolbox that he is. Not even toolbox. Insensitive to the point of no return would be a better saying for him. In any case, I do feel good today. And thank the lord that I don't have to rely on him for such emotions. So that it. Felt good to get that off my chest. And what a nice chest it is turning out to be. (I have been doing push-ups for 2 days in a row now) I might have a man chest by summer.

 Thank you Penelope and you know for what. I again am sorry for today. And I am very much looking forward to tomorrow night. I needed you to do what you did. I love u.

 Well, I am home now. Just spent the last hour trying to get a game of spades going on this damn computer and couldn't accomplish it. So instead I write. My parents and brother are on right now and we are having some interesting talks. My mom is on the verge of a breakdown with my brother leaving and my dad is "barely holding it together". This is tough. Real tough. According to Winfield, he is very excited for the move and isn't worried at all. Now while this puts us all at ease for him, it doesn't take away the sadness. I am so high strung these days and I just need Sunday to come. What I need is for this anticipation period to be over. I hate anticipation of any kind. Even when it is good. I am very spontaneous as a personality and I hate having to look forward to things or to wait things out. I believe in solutions and making things immediately better. Some days I just wish that I could go to sleep and wake up when the bad period is over. I remember when I was little, praying to God that I would blink and time would just fly by. I remember being willing to give up all the good memories that I would make in that time period, if I could just get through the bad thing that I was dreading. For example, when I was in 5th grade...I participated in some sort of cafeteria shenanigans. Somehow I was pinned and blamed for the entire thing. (this is definitely a "somehow" cuz I was ALWAYS the good kid in school. Never got detention, never got yelled at, always accelled) So I got busted for the cafeteria bullshit and was told that I would have to sit in from recess for 3 days. Those three days were the worst three days of my life. But even worse...was the weekend that I had to wait out before my sentence would begin. I remember that one night of that weekend, I had a dream that it was all over. That I didn't really have to stay in from recess or that there was some big mix-up and my name was cleared. In the dream I felt so relieved, so free. However, I woke up and the punishment stood loud and clear. I think it was the day I woke up when I created the theory of passing time with no recollection of what was really happening. If I could just close my eyes and give up 3 days or 3 weeks or 3 years of my life to just get past that awful moment... That's how I feel right now. I would give up today until Monday if it meant fast forwarding until after my brother left. But alas...it is a stupid theory and totally impossible. Impossibility being the reason for its stupidity. In other news...I want to be a blog of note. I think I am worthy of a blog of note. (who DOESN'T think that?) Not that being a blog of note is any great accomplishment or anything. But why do we, as a society, have to always be recognized for the things we do. Why can't we just do them and appreciate it because it is for us and only us. Rita does things for her and only her. Why can't I? Why can't you? (p.s. Rita helped someone with their baby carriage up a flight of stairs the other day and told me that she did it cuz it made HER feel good. So even REETS has this problem.) So what is it with us people? Just a thought...(but hopefully a thought that will make me a blog of note)

 Today has been a very difficult day. Aside from the usual work bullshit...and there was about 10 tons of bullshit today, my brother's leaving finally hit me. I lost it at work for a bit and had to step outside. Rita was phenomenal about the whole thing. She stopped everything she was doing to take me outside and to hug me. She kept my shit together. I love her and am so glad that she is here. Life saver. I am about to go home and not a minute too soon. Gonna go home and relax. Answer no phone calls, write no emails, and be kind to not a soul. Gonna have me some Joe time. Will probably sing a bit. Drink a bit. Smoke a bit. Maybe I will just go right to bed. Got to kick this cold right in the ass if I can. Have a big weekend coming up.

 At work today when I definitely shouldn't be. Still feeling like dog shit. And then when I came in, my new boss, Jimmy (also known as Otis Teef) says to me: "You should not have come in today." FUCKING GREAT. Cuz I DID come in today. But whatever, must make the best of it while I am here. I had this dream last night about Winfield's move to Germany. Except in the dream, I was the one who had to get on to a plane and leave. And I was terrified and didn't want to go. It was really bizarre. Especially since I ain't goin anywhere. And he is leaving for so long. I get these slight panic attacks at times when I really comprehend him leaving. Makes me want to puke, kill someone, or kill myself. I know it has to happen and no matter how I feel about it, I just have to suck it up and get ready. Two days left. ugh. This weekend, Penelope has invited Kelly, Rita and I to a party. It is a Friday night "I hate Valentine's Day" party. I don't really hate V-Day. Cuz I have a boyfriend. However, I remember absolutely despising it when I didn't have one, so I don't mind supporting my friends that are alone. And I am definitely NOT one of those people that blame Hallmark for creating the holiday as a marketing strategy. In my opinion, the only people that believe in this theory are people that have no one. Paul is supposed to come visit again next week. His birthday is actually ON Valentine's Day. Weird. It will be so great if he decides to come. We haven't spoken for more than 10 cumulative minutes since he left last week. That is fine. I am actually doing really well with it. I wish he could be a lot more supportive about my bro leaving, but I know for a fact now that Paul isn't going to ever become my support system. There was a time when I wanted him to be my everything. I wanted to cry to him, laugh with him, yell at him, and just plain open up to him. But now I understand that there are certain things that he will never be able to give to me. I don't know if I am okay with this now, cuz deep down I may be slowly getting over him, or I have just given up on him. Either way it ain't so pretty. Or maybe I am just in a good place with him. I am confused. Do I want him to move to NYC to be with me? Do I want to be committed as much as I say I do? He just sent me a text message that said how lonely he is without me...and that makes me stop for a second and wonder what I am doing here. WHAT AM I DOING WITH THIS RELATIONSHIP???

 Time to go out and look for dentures.

 HOME SWEET HOME. It feels so good to be home today. I have done nothing but putter around with my dick in my hands. I actually spend the first half of the day completely naked. Talking on the computer naked, making phone calls naked, eating fried eggs naked. What a day. Why can't this blogger take off and support my nakedness? Back to work tomorrow and that sucks. But at least the week is almost over. Gotta take more sick days in the future. Cept next time, don't want to get sick for real. Tonight Kelly, Rita, and I are having dinner together. We still haven't decided if we are going out for dinner or if we are staying in. I must admit that I am partial to going out. Cuz if not, it will be my sorry ass that does the cooking. Gums bothering me again today. Why the fuck won't this disease just go away forever??? I dread the day when one of my teeth feels just a little loose. And then I play with it until it pops out all bloody. And then I eat it. The cat has been bathing himself for like an hour. What a priss. I spoke with Mariah for awhile today. I miss her like crazy. She wants me to come visit soon, but there just isn't any time. She is going through a rough patch right now. I hate that we don't get to talk as much as we used to. I hate not knowing every detail in her life. She is a good girl and an even better singer. She is the next, well...Mariah. She has had a wicked case of tonsilitis the past couple of weeks. She may have to have them removed. That would be horrible. Mariah tells me that Paul is going crazy without me. Bout time. I have been waiting for him to be up my ass for 2 years now. But once he is...will I still want him to be? I hate being without him, but I hate not knowing if I can truly commit even more. Nothing is ever perfect in the life of Joe CuttheShit. Or for anyone for that matter.

 It is now so late at night. Well at least for a Tuesday, it is. But I am not going to work tomorrow, so it is all good. I had the most amazing evening. I spent the first half with Penelope. Hanging out with her always makes me think. I met this girl about a year ago and couldn't stand her for like 6 months. We just didn't jive the way that I thought we would. To be honest, I wanted to bullshit her the way I do with most people. Just get through it and never make a personal connection. Don't we all do that? But I got to know her. I got to understand her. I got to see how real and vulnerable she is. When you see someone's vulnerability, you love them. It is impossible not to. This girl is cool. She is smart, quick, and she gets it. Very few do, so when you find someone that does, you latch on for dear life. When she speaks, I listen. Her stories do take hours to finish, but she always has a point. She is someone unlike a lot of people I have met. But we have found a balance and I love that. Finding a balance is the most important part of a true relationship. So I spent the first half of the night with Penelope. It was great. Her brothers are wonderful. Great heads on their shoulders and totally loose. I had an incredible time. Enough of a good time to sit and "blog" about it. The second half of the night was spent with REETS (Rita). This girl blows my fucking mind. I have known her for YEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRSSSSSSSS, yet every day is something new. I can sit in a room with her and kill an entire evening with conversation. I don't get it. We have talks that break all natural limits. I change as a person just from one talk with her. She is someone I trust, love, and would sacrifce everything for. I am just overwhelmed by it all the time. Even with your best friends, you find that need to hold back. To protect yourself. But with her and Kelly, I really just let go. These two are the perfect housemates. The ones that I can cry to, scream at, collapse in front of...these two are my life. With the exception of Paul. But isn't it always "with the exception of Paul"? These two are my dream. Oh please. We do have problems. Someone is always being offended or left out or stuck with cleaning the dishes, but shit always works out. We are a house based on honesty. I must say that I vote for us for cabinet. Senate. Something important. It was a great night that made me realize how important reaching out to others really is. Once you risk...you are always rewarded. I never believe in that theory, but whenever I do it, I am most pleasantly suprised. The moral of this story is: Love your friends the way you would love yourself. Because they make you. And you make them. And together you are a bunch. "The Brady Bunch." I love you girls.

 I fucked this entry up. i am a newbie.

 GREAT. Now I sit here with a bruised gland because I couldn't stop squeezing it.

 I JUST FOUND A HUGE LUMP ON MY NECK! I panicked for a good 10 minutes, feeling my face flush and my armpits fill with fear sweat. Then I ran to Rita and said: "Please tell me I am not going to die." Rita says: "I am not sure Joe, but it is probably a gland." I walk away. Then I run to Cleo and I say: "Feel this huge lump on my neck." Cleo says: "Joe...stop it. It is definitely a gland. I get lumps like that all the time." With the exception of the fact that this advice is coming from someone who is depleting all natural oils from her face, I trust her. I have to trust her. What else am I gonna do? I ain't cutting off half my neck. Please God no. I am becoming the most annoying hypochondriac.

 Another day, Another dollar. No really...another dollar, cuz that's about all I make at my shit job. At least I feel proud of my work, though. PSHAW! I am thinking of taking tomorrow as a sick day. I don't feel so hot. I mean, I feel good enough to come to work prolly, but I think I prefer to spend the day home recuperating from this hell-hole we call life. I have the time, why not use it? Last night I saw MTV'S Flipped. It was the season premiere and it was fucking amazing. Now, I am a little biased cuz I fully believe in MTV as a network that has phenomenal broadcasting. The shows are great, the music is good, and the marketing strategies are just about damn near perfect. So anyway, last night I saw FLIPPED. The show was focused on a teen-girl smoker and teen-boy dipper. You know, dip that goes into your mouth and rots away your face. In the episode, they take these two teens and flip their worlds upside down. They try to show them the negative affects of using tobacco. And let me tell you, quite the powerful episode. The premise of the show (on the girls' end) was that she was picked to be in a new USHER video. She had no idea that her world was about to be FLIPPED. In the "video" (and USHER did look damn good, of course) she was to portray a woman with emphysema. To prepare for her role in the video, the girl had to meet with a woman who is 41 and dying of emphysema. She was really upset by this experience. Then to prepare for the last portion of the video, this girl was made to listen in on a woman being told that she had emphysema. She stood, hidden in a closet, and listened to the entire conversation, horrified at what was being said to this stranger. Then the doctor says to the girl: "Okay, come in and meet this woman so that you can see the face of emphysema." The girl walks in and realizes it is her mother that was being told that she was sick. YIKES! I mean, it turned out that it was just a plot to convince her that tobacco kills. And the most real part about it is that this girl's mother has been smoking for decades. The two of them held and cried with eachother for awhile. And so did I. (Held and cried with myself) The show was so effective. Imagine the horror on this girl's face when she realized that her mother was the one being told she would die. My friend Rita thinks that it is a horrible trick to pull on someone. But I think that when it comes to something like tobacco, you need to scare people. I have been smoking myself for just about 5 years. And it is time to quit. I am not going to have half of my face cut out due to cancer. I am not going to lose my singing voice completely due to a smoke. I am stronger than that. We all need to quit. OK?

 I leave in 20 minutes. Can not wait. Gonna go home and masturbate, spend some time clearing my head, and eating a nice fat dinner. Penelope is now photocopying...how the fuck do you spell photcopieng. member I am drunk at work. AND NOW IT IS TIME TO GO!

 I am drunk I think.

 So Cleo just comes up to me and says: "Did you go out last night?" With my cutest smile and shit eating grin tendencies, I say: "Well it WAS the Super Bowl and I had to celebrate." Little does this asshole know...I just drank for a full hour on my lunch break. So you are WRONG Miss Cleo. You predicted no ones future. I drank an hour ago and you think it was last night. Stupid fuck. Oh. And let me do the rest of your work for the afternoon.

 Now I go to have a cigarette with Penelope. But if anyone catches us...we die. Or get pay docked. What the fuck ever Jim Goins!

 Rita and I just had lunch together. We went to this little restaurant called "The West End". Rita had a diet coke with lemon and I had 3 glasses of chardonnay. We split the nachos. Then we both came back to work. Totally enjoyable. It was nice to sit and just talk the two of us. Doesn't happen all that often these days, even though we totally live together. You know how it is. Penelope and I are trying as hard as we can to get through today. Both of us want to up and quit as soon as feasibly possible. I say feasibly, cuz hell...we don't get unemployment unless we get canned. So here we sit, plugging away at our nonsense. I feel a little bit better today than yesterday. I am a wee bit more controlled. But only a WEE. Paul hasn't contacted me in days. I fucking hate long distance relationships. He sent me a text message from his cell phone this morning, which was sweet...but get on the fucking horn. He had all weekend to call me and didn't. It just bothers me. My brother is leaving for 3 years and he hasn't even called to check up on me - to see how I am doing. I need him to see how I am doing. And I guarantee that he won't ask me a single thing about the situation, unless I prompt him to do so. Which I definitely won't. I hate having to teach him a lesson. In fact, I am not really teaching him anything. I have tried that in the past and it never works. He...OH...fuck it. I have had enough. A fucking student...who is rather cute...needs some help with something. He just pulled out a laptop and now I jizz. He has a personal laptop? That is kinda hot. Especially when he is not hideous. "I gotta go".

 I just got home from my weekend away. Walked in the door about a half hour ago. Put away my clean laundry, straightened up my room a bit. Then took a shit. I now sit down here to rid myself of some thoughts. I spent the entire weekend in my house in Albany. I actually never stepped foot outside the house the whole weekend. It was really nice to just hang out and have no pressure to do anything. Played a lot of cards with my family. Drank a little bit. Watched a couple movies and caught up on my Sex and the City. It was sad to leave today. Knowing that it is so close to the last time I will see my brother before his move to Germany. We didn't really talk about much this weekend. We actually just hung out and watched tv together. Stayed up real late both nights just being in eachother's presence. Sounds good, but I felt as though he wanted to talk about a lot of shit. I just couldn't do it. I couldn't ask him much about his fears of moving. Or the fact that we aren't going to be in the same country. I really don't know how to deal with this, so I just shove it all down and pretend like it isn't happening. I am the king of that. Yet it eats me alive inside when I know that I should just deal with it and confront it head on. But I am also afraid that if I do face it, I might fall into a sadness that I might not get out of for awhile. Being someone who deals with erratic emotions and feelings of massive anxiety, I sometimes go into pure robot mode and deal with nothing. Seems to be the only way that I can survive any emotional curve ball. Deep down I am sad. Real sad. I possess major self-frustration. I expect too much from myself. I want to be the most perfect, healthy person ever born...but I find myself being completely the opposite almost every day. How do I say to my brother...you can't leave me. Just when we were starting to truly lean on eachother and be eachother's best friends...you have to up and leave. How do I cry on his shoulder when I know that he needs mine to cry on? Is it too selfish of me to run away when I feel like that is my best chance at surviving the shit that is threatening to tear me apart? I hate crying. I hate feeling low. More than this...I hate the feeling of numbness that I experience in the midst of shutting myself down. Does everyone go through this or is it just me? I love you so much Winfield. I wish there was a way for me to be just a little bit stronger. So that I could call more, write more, hold you more. But I can't. Especially when I know you are leaving me. Winfield leaves a week from today. I am counting on the old "Out of sight, out of mind" theory to get me through the next month. I don't know how else to do it. I feel so empty inside. What is wrong with me? Why am I sitting here in this great big city and spending all of my days cooped up in my house? Why have I not auditioned for anything since graduating college? I, by far, am someone who takes on too much. Who used to be so overly motivated that my biggest problem was finding a way to relax. Now, I do nothing but sit and stew. (And not the good stew with beef, carrots, and potatos) God, throw me a bone. Help me to feel confident and ready to start my career in the city. Give me the strength and the ENERGY to find a way to break into this entertainment world. Don't let me become that guy who let lack of motivation and fear keep him from ever going for his shot at fame and success. I want it. I taste it. I dream it. I believe in it. What is the last piece of the puzzle? Where do I find it? Help me Jesus. Make me a better man and a more focused individual. I give you the glory, please give me the power. Hold my hand and get me on the right track. The days are going by and I need your help.

 So today I feel like shit. I was super busy at work and I have aches and pains as though I do other things beside booze and smoke pot. I leave at 3pm today to go home to see my brother, Winfield. It is one of the last visits we will have before his big move to Germany. I love my brother. I have grown to absolutely adore him over the last couple of years. We have always gotten along...well for the most part. There was a 2 -year stint in highschool when he wouldn't even make eye contact with me in the halls. I guess it was tough for a jock to have a fag brother. But at least I was a popular fag brother. Oh. And I was fat then. I wasn't as svelt as I am now. Svelt? whatever to svelt. Now, he and I get along so well. He looks up to me and I do to him as well. We are so completely different, but so much alike at the same time. Plus, we are both studs that never have to share women. So I guess that is a plus. Having the whole family together (my mom, dad, and brother---small fam!) is always a bittersweet experience. We all laugh and cry together. We share our thoughts, our problems and our love. It gets hard only because once I make it home, I never want to leave. The chemistry between the members of my family is dynamic and powerful. I love them all so much it hurts. And now my brother is leaving for 3 years. At least I am driving home for this adventure. Greyhound has become my personal chauffeur on just about every trip I have taken over the past 2 years. I fucking hate the bus and even more so...the fat asses that ride the bus. Why is it that most people I end up sitting next to smell like tomato soup? But today I travel alone. Just me, the radio, and my thoughts. It will be a nice time of peace. The super bowl is on sunday. Don't give a fuck about that. Update on the gums...still bothering me. Update on Paul...still wonderful. Called me today and was as sweet as he could possibly be. Makes me a lucky boy to have him. As long as his fingers aren't up my ass to the point of anal bleeding. Alright, I should cut out. Cleo wants to spend the last 10 minutes of work talking my ear off about something foolish. Prolly the fact that her face is about to fall right off due to the lack of moisture. Hey, she didn't have that memorable of a face to begin with.

 So, two hours until I am on vacation. Since it is Passover, we have half of Wed and all of Thursday and Friday off. AWESOME. Pays to work for a Jewish Organization when I am not Jewish. While all of my co-workers will be attending Seders and doing the "holiday" thing, I will be doing the "Joe" thing and going to Boston to party like a rockstar. At the last minute I invited Rita and Kelly to come with me. Rita had plans to go to Syracuse, but they fell through. So she will be coming. Kelly, on the other hand, has to find a job. She has got two full days to go out and see what she can do. My hopes and prayers are with her cuz I know how badly she wants something good. And she will be sorely missed. I think tonight we are going to a club called VAPOR. It will be of the gay/lesbian nature and I am positive that Rita's straight ass will find a hot lesbian to spend the trip with. IMAGINE? That would blow everyone's world to bits. Paul has to work tomorrow night and I think I am going to show Rita around Boston a bit. I want to take her up to where Kelly and I use to live. Then I will probably swing by good ole' TGIFriday's to show Reets where Kelly and I worked. I don't think we have any other big plans, but it will be nice to get away. And Rita has never even been to Boston before. She is afraid that she is going to like it too much and not come back to the city. I'll let her stay and live there if she really likes it. (NEVER) I really wish Kel could go. She loves Boston and hasn't been back in awhile. She has a friend in town; one of her old roommates from Binghamton. Binghamton, remember those days? Damn, that place was cool. And their dining halls were just faboolous. (orbit gum) So this is just a quick entry to say "Sayonara" to everyone in NYC. I should be back on Friday, with Paul in tote. We are spending Easter here as opposed to me staying the weekend in Boston. Cuz if I stayed in Boston, we all know that I wouldn't be back on Sunday. I would be back Monday or Tuesday and then my ass would be in some trouble. Happy Passover!!! Chag Sameach! or sumptin. Thanks P for my lil' present this morning. It will make the trip even that much cooler.

 When I walked in the door tonight, I found a note on the table from Kelly. The note said to open up the I-Movie program on the computer and to see what she made for Rita and me. I did. I was not expecting to see what I saw. Kelly put together a 5 minute movie based on film she had taken over the last couple of months. She put a song called "Beautiful" with it. I sat and stared at the movie and during the last 30 seconds of it, I burst into some heavy tears. This "piece" that she put together touched me so deeply that I still don't really know how to take it all in. The movie is supposed to represent what she is feeling right now based on what she is going through. Rita and I haven't seen much of Kelly lately and it has bothered us all. Mostly Kelly. She is alone. She goes to school, work, rehearsal, out with friends; she does homework, goes grocery shopping, baby-sits dogs, and finds a way to make it through her day. The lonliness that she is feeling is consuming her and in a lot of ways I feel like it is somewhat my fault. I haven't been the best friend that I should be lately. I have been living for me and just assuming that she will be alright. I don't check up on her often and I let her go through her day alone. We do have different schedules, but I feel like it is no excuse. She is developing into this person, this adult that I don't even recognize anymore. It seems that when she has a night off all I want to do is go to bed. When she has a weekend off, I find myself in bed until late in the day. I have been absent and it is definitely hurting her. I have been hurting her. And I know it now. I love her in a way that is impossible to explain. She and I have been through lovers, cities, friends, jobs, tears, anger, just about everything together. We laugh at the same jokes, say the same things, give advice in the same way. We even "came out" at the same time. Sometimes I feel like I need to take care of her. It scares me a bit. I am not even good at taking care of myself. I try to tell her to be "independent". I tell her to "just do it and it will all work out in the end". Do I tell her these things because I truly believe it or because I too scared to take responsibility of being her best friend? Kelly definitely needs more to survive than I do. I shut down and move forward. Kelly shuts down and loses everything. She is better than that. She has a heart that won't allow her to ignore the way she feels. She is driven by it, thrives on it, and knows nothing but to go by the advice it gives her; which is to be honest and real. I have a very hard time doing that. I have done some bad things. I have made some mistakes. I haven't been there for her during her time of need and I know that. I ignore it and hope it will just fix itself. But that is so wrong. It is immature. And mostly, it is selfish. The worst part about it is that my actions have caused distance between her and myself. It has made her believe that she is alone in the world and that she must learn this lesson to live in the world. This is what I believe. But this isn't who she is. I know better than that. I have known her forever and I know what she needs as a friend. I feel awful. It shouldn't take something like an I-Movie to wake me up and realize what I have done. I know that I am not the answer to Kelly's problems. I am not the one that can make it all better. Only Kelly can do that. But I can listen. I can be there physically for her. I can be the friend that she thought I was. I still am that friend. But I have focused on me. Too much so. Kelly will get through all this. But how frustrated and upset will I be when I realize that she can do it without me? I don't want that. I don't want her to succeed without me holding her hand. I want to be there to support her in everything. I want to know everything that is going on with her and I want to be able to look at her again and know what is going wrong without even having her open her mouth. I apologize Kelly. For not being the friend that I can be. I am sorry for distancing myself, cuz we both know that you didn't do it. I did. When I get back this weekend from my "mini-break", things are going to change. I promise you that. We will make time for us. Even if it just means sitting in a room and being with eachother. I will still be sitting there. You are my sunshine. You are my heart. You are my light. I see what part of the problem I can fix, and I will do it. Be strong and go forward. Deep down you have all of this together. You have been made to feel alone and that will change. I love you so much and I see what I can do to make this better. Believe in me because I have always believed in you.

 LOLOLOLOLOLOLOMFL ---- if anything, do this quiz. I died laughing. The Completely Pointless Personality Quiz

 Are you Addicted to the Internet? 49% Average@Internet-User.com (41% - 60%) You seem to have a healthy balance in your life when it comes to the internet and life away from the computer. You know enough to do what you want online without looking like an idiot (most of the time). You even have your own Yahoo club or online journal! But you enjoy seeing your friends and going out to enjoy life away from your computer. The Are you Addicted to the Internet? Quiz at Stvlive.com!

 discover what candy you are @ stvlive.com

 HERE COME THE QUIZZES! Just some fun things to end my day and yours. YELLOW You are very perceptive and smart. You are clear and to the point and have a great sense of humor. You are always learning and searching for understanding. Find out your color at Stvlive.com!

 Does anyone else think that I am fucking crazy or is it just me?

 Gosh. It is so busy at work today. It is Passover time and my job is run by the Jewish. ;) With it being Passover, there are students here selling their Chametz. I don't even know if that is the word. Plus, we are planning Seders and also taking care of the normal business. Penelope and I are out of our minds today. But it makes the day go faster and I like that. Mariah just called and firmed up the plans for my trip to Boston tomorrow. I am very excited. She is actually leaving for Colorado on Thursday. I am bringing her to the airport and waiting there with her until she gets her scared little ghouls on that plane. Poor thing. I would be terrified, but I know she will be ok. How exciting! She never gets to go anywhere. Has anyone heard the new song by Vanessa Carlton? I love her! I believe that she is supposed to be my new girlfriend, but I had to break her heart last night. You see, it is about 11pm last evening and the phone rings. This is what happened: Me: Hello? Vanessa: Hi. Is Joe there? M: This is Joe. V: Joe, it's Vanessa. How are you? M: Vanessa! Wow. I was just listening to your new song. What's up with you? It's been too long. V: I know. I have been so busy, what with the new music career and all. J: Yeah, I know how it is. I had to do this duet last week with Mariah Carey. Oh, she can be such a pain in the ass. V: Right? I try to avoid her as much as possible. Look, I need to talk to you about something. J: Sure, go ahead. I have a few minutes. V: Well, you see...I was kind of thinking that we could be boyfriend and girlfriend. J: Oh Vanessa...I...um...gee...well...the thing about it... V: What Joe? What are you trying to say? Don't you love my new song????? J: Well, uh...I actually do. But Vanessa, I am- V: Not interested? What? Am I too young? Am I too pretty? Am I not worth your time? What is it Joe? WHAT IS IT? J: WOW! Vanessa, can you just hold on a sec? V: Fuck you Joe. Fuck you. CLICK! Then she just hung up. Damn. Girl's got a temper. I was just trying to tell her that I am gay. But she just wasn't having it. Please, still go out and buy her cd. She didn't mean to act the way she did. Bitch just fell in love with me.

 So who knew that Wil Wheaton has his own Blogger? Well Rita did! I immediately went and read some of it. He is a fucking moron. He really does think that he is so cool and accomplished. FYI Wil...you is ugly. Stupid and ugly. And oh...FYI...don't forget...you are a dork too! He was so cool back in the day. Remember Stand By Me ? Remember...hey...what else cool did he do? I don't think anything. But I could be wrong.

 When Halle Barre won the Oscar for Monster's Ball , she made history. When she gave her speech, she truly became a legend. I am not a huge Halle fan, but after re-reading her speech today, she has warmed my heart. Here is an exerpt: " This moment is so much bigger than me. It's for every nameless, faceless woman of color that now has a chance because this door tonight has been opened. I am so honored, I'm so honored, and I thank the Academy for choosing me to be the vessel from which this blessing might flow ." Now you see what I mean.

 So I came in to work today and got the most amazing suprise ever. Paul called me at like 9:15am. Which he never does! If he calls me at work at all, it will be around 4pm. But this morning, the phone rings and its him. I was very shocked. He was actually on his way to work a double. Ugh. I remember those days. For the am shift he will be shift leading the floor. Which means he will be a waiter. And on top of that, he will be in charge of the entire morning staff. He hates working on the floor and I don't blame him. Once you go bar you never go back. Or something like that. Tonight he will be shift leading the bar. GOSH! What a good boy. He like runs the store. But anyway...he calls and I say to him, "So when are you working this week?" He says: "Actually I took the week off so that I could be with you." WWWWWHHHHHAAAAATTTTT? I don't think that has happened ever since he and I have been together. The kid works ALL the time; even when I come for a visit. I usually get one night with him and one night with Mariah. Or one night with him and one night alone. But this week...something happened and he is going to spend the majority of the time with me. It made me feel so loved. I couldn't stop saying "thank you". YAY!

 I am actually very nervous to see Paul this Wednesday. I don't know why. Every time I think of seeing him, I get butterflies. I was at lunch a little while ago and every time he crossed my thoughts, I found myself feeling like I was going to yack. What is the deal? I actually tested this theory. I would sit with a french fry in my hand. I would then look at it longingly and with hunger. Then to test my theory, I would think of seeing Paul in Boston on Wed., and my stomach would knot up lickety split. Lickety? I'm gay. It's weird. Why is my subconcious freaking out? Maybe I just love him. Alot.

 What a fucking day. It's funny, cuz on the way in this morning, I say to Rita, "Today is going to suck." She's like: "Yeah, I have that pit in my stomach." Boy were we right. On top of Penelope not being at work today, EVERYONE has shit they need either Rita or I to do. People are being assholes, and the work load seems to just increase and increase with each hour. Thank our stars that we only work a half week. Cuz ugh! What a way to start. I must say that this weekend was just about the best. On Friday, Rita went out for drinks with our friend Stacil and ended up coming home at like 8:30pm. I got up from my hungover nap around that time, and we decided to have a glass of wine and just catch up. Next thing I know, it is 3am and I have to go to bed to get up for my parents. Ugh. Saturday was such an incredible day. My parents showed up around noon and they were in great moods. We took the subway to Ground Zero. I hadn't been there yet and I really wanted to go down there at least once, to just see what happened in real life. Watching the devastation on tv just doesn't give one the reality of it all. It was extremely upsetting and I found it hard to be there. For the most part, the site consists of a giant crater. There is very little rubbish left. The damage is unbelievable, but they have made some major headway in the cleanup. There is a iron cross standing inside the whole. It was part of the building that the construction workers sodered off and made into a cross. Kind of like a memorial. It was beautiful. Of course, there were people all around gawking at the hole and taking pictures. But everyone was silent. Not a sound in the group. It was just so much. Then my parents and I walked to the West side of the site and stood between the hole and the Statue of Liberty. We were standing right next to the water and it was so serene. We were the only people there. Kind of like a ghost town. My dad pulls out this poem and gives it to me. It was one of the most beautiful things I have ever read in my life. It was a feeling like I could never explain - standing next to this devastation on one side, and on the other, the freedom and comfort represented by the Statue of Liberty. My parents took full advantage of this moment by giving me the poem. Then my dad pulls out a check for my headshots. He paid for the entire thing. He told me that this money isn't a loan or an early birthday present. It was a gift because they believe in me and believe that I can do this acting thing. I was so overwhelmed. I think I hugged them both for 10 minutes before letting go. Gosh. It was a moment that I will never forget for as long as I live. After that, we went to Park Avalon and had glass of wine. They loved doing it. We have never just gone out for a drink before. And there we were, 3 adults laughing and joking and just loving eachother's presence. I love them more than my heart can handle. Later that evening, Kelly, Rita, my parents, and I played some cards, discussed about a thousand different political and religious topics. It was amazing. Kelly, my dad, and I stayed up until almost 3am discussing salvation other religious things. It was mind blowing and powerful! I think I finally got in bed around 4:45am. On Sunday, I woke up with some form of the flu or hangover or some shit. Probably because I spent 3 full days getting fucked up. I think I need a couple days to recuperate and to get my energy back. Especially since I am supposed to go to Boston on Wed. If I were to leave today, it would take all of my energy to even get to the bus station. Long long long wonderful couple of days. But now I feel sick. Ok...I guess that is it. Really don't feel like writing today, but I wanted to get some of this in here while it was still on my mind.

 Oh my goodness. Last night was fucking amazing. I slept for literally 3 hours and now I am surely paying for it. I think I finally closed my eyes at like 5:15am and woke up BEFORE my alarm at 8:10am. Then I immediatley got up and got in the shower. Damn. Felt like I was on another planet. My head was buzzing, my stomach cramping, all of the usual things that a normal sober kid like me feels in the morning. SIKE! I hung out with Penelope last night from like 6pm-2:30am. I just went over for a little bit and then there I was drinking my face off and talking a mile a minute for like hours! Poor thing was such a good sport about it all. She was willing to stay up as long as I wanted to stay. And I just wanted to keep hanging with her. We talked about everything from work to love to goals to funny family stories. Oh man. It was just such an incredible time. We were so in sync with eachother. I drank like a monster and smoked way too many cigs. But I laughed and laughed and really enjoyed every possible second. The most incredible thing was that Penelope has been dying to show me who this next door neighboor of hers is that she had sex with. We talk about him all the time. At least for like 8 months or something. She writes about him in her blogger quite frequently. She uses the name "Dick" for him. How appropriate. So, she and I are walking to get some wine and some cigarettes when lo and behold...there is Dick walking down the street with these grocery bags. We both about have heart attacks, cuz there he is!!!! He stopped and said hello and was very uncomfortable. I think he thought that Penelope and I were hooking up or something. He was very nervous. She and I loved it. He is very attractive. I hated his hair so much I could have shaved it off on the spot. He was balding in the front, but had a beautiful long mane of blondish locks in the back. Pukerific! But he had a HOT face and a nice little body on him. Penelope said he usually dresses better than the tapered jeans I saw him in, but I just gotta see it to believe it. He does work on Wall Street so I am sure he doesn't look 80's all the time. Either way, I was SO elated to finally put a face with the name. We have waited FOREVER for this moment. It was so great! So, we have decided that if we do bump into him again, Penelope and I are fully having sex and he is made to feel like he is missing out and must jump on the "I cheat on my girlfried" bandwagon again. Here's to us... Thanks again P for the great night. It was so awesome!!!! Tonight I will probably spend in bed. My parents are coming tomorrow and I want to be at least a little rested up for them. Rita and I have a friend coming into town named Stacil. She is great and I haven't seen her in forever, but her visit is so last minute and I treated last night as though it was my Friday night. As the day goes on, the hangover increases. ROCK! Work today is fucking dragging on. At least I am finally out of here in like 15 minutes. I have been watching the clock on my computer screen casually tick on by for what seems to be a duration. "Please release me....let me go." - sung to the tune of, um...er..."Please release me, let me go". When I got home last night...I called Paul and we talked until the fucking crack of dawn. I was speaking a mile a minute on so many different things. He was INCREDIBLE with me. Hearing me out on everything, being objective, and being my totally adorable little ghouls! LOVE HIM! I know that in the beginning of the conversation he was tired and probably wanted to go to bed, but he knew I couldn't sleep and volunteered to stay on the phone with me until I did. I love him for that. Also, he owed it to me after not talking to me cuz of "Queer as Folk" the other night. ;) It was a special conversation and I will never forget it. For a lot of reasons. So all in all last night was just the tops! I loved my friends, I loved my boyfriend, and I loved this city. I felt so New Yorkish going home in a cab at 2:30am. On a THURSDAY!!! ;) I am a whore and I eat it up. Today is Pizza Fridays! Yum. And today of all days, I really need pizza. This belly is empty and worn out. Time to get some good New York nourishing inside of it. Cannot wait. Half hour until I am shoving my face. SLURP! Here comes the weekend. Open up and say: "YUM!"

 Hello world. Today is a beautiful sun shinin day! I like that. Always better than the freezing drizzle that has been our lives this week. Rita and I had lunch at the West End today and ate outside! Wow. We never get to do that. It's great. You can smoke and smoke till your lungs content and then throw the butts at the homeless guy that is obnoxiously asking for money while we are eating. It's kind of a game. If you hit them in the back, you don't get as many points as if you hit them square in the forehead. But that takes skillz. Juxt kidding. But hells if I gave that guy money. Hells. I spoke with my brother a couple minutes ago. It was good to talk to him. I told him of my plans to consolidate my bills and my method for doing so. He was like: "No Joe. Bad idea. Why can't you just keep doing what you are doing now? This is not going to work." Ok...shut the fuck up, because you really have no idea what this is like for me, on top of the fact that he has no idea what it is like to be in debt. Bitch has no bills and just got a new car. Year: 2002. So, I don't want to hear your shit. It just kind of pissed me off. I like his objective opinion...always. But he really shouldn't have an opinion on this subject, cuz he doesn't know how to identify with it on any level. Ugh. He just made me doubt myself and now I am frustrated again. I felt so good for a couple days, cuz I felt like I had a plan. Now, I still have a plan, but he made me worry. Stupid, rich, army boy brother. Thanks a lot. What else....I am going to Penelope's today to have a glass of wine with her and to get my mom her stinkin pot. (Like I won't be smoking the pot right along with her) My parents will be here Saturday, so I gots to take care of business today. Right now, I am chowing on a plate of freezing cold french fries. Oh Joe. Cut the Shit! Pretty soon, I am going to be the size of a house, and I am going to have grease shooting out of my pours. Ooh. That sounds tasty! My intestines are raging today. Raging against the machine I call my body. Feel like I gotta shit, but I don't. So what the fuck is up with that. Penelope had a short, but great entry in her blogger today. She is pondering the idea that she is now 30, but doesn't quite understand how that happened. Please go visit and read today's entry: urlLink Penelope's 30th bday entry So lately, my gums have been doing a little bit better. It's funny, cuz I haven't been using the baking soda for a couple days, so I have to make sure to rinse with it tonight. Just to keep it all going smoothly. I haven't mentioned my stronger gums to anyone in a couple of days, cuz every time I bring it up, they tend to crumble in my mouth again. So shhh.....some day they will be perfect again. I just know it! Next week will be Passover. I just love Passover. At my job, I get 4 full days off for this holiday. And since I am not of the Jewish persuasion, I don't have to go to Shul (Synagogue) or clean out my house, or fast or anything. Actually, I don't know if you have to fast, but I won't anyway, just to prove a point. And days off!!!!!!!!! Rock. I am going to Boston, yet again, to visit my boy. I miss him so much these days. Just need to get there and hold him for a bit. Last Friday night, Paul and Mariah were at this club and this fucking asshole (which I hope dies very soon) started to harass Mariah about why she wasn't interested. Well, first clue to him could be that he is fucking ugly, but second clue definitely is that she was at a fucking lesbian bar!!!! Anyway...the guy is harassing Mariah and Paul asks him (I am SURE politely) to leave her alone cuz she is not interested. This DICK continues to harass Paul and Mariah for the rest of the time at the club. So they decide to leave. As they were walking back to the car, the asshole follows them saying: "I just want to talk and settle this." Paul says: "We have settled this, please just leave us alone." Asshole follows them right to the car and the girls jump in and Paul tries to get into the back seat. The guy grabs the door to the car and is like: "Get out of the fucking car." Paul, of course, didn't and when he turned to try to reason with the guy, this fucking ugly stupid mother fucker prick kicks him on the side of his face!!!!!!! He split Paul's lip and gave him a huge egg near his temple. :( Then of course, like the real pussy he is, he runs away down the street. MAN! Had I had been there, or if I EVER see this asshole (I know who he is from past visits to Boston) there is going to be a major...MAJOR problem. Mariah told me on the phone that she and Paul were so happy that I wasn't there. Cuz I would have gone fucking ballistic! I may be small, but I can go crazy like the best of them. So I am on the hunt for this fuck. If I ever, EVER see him on a visit, he is fucking dead. The anger and sadness within me about this situation makes me so fucking insane. This shit should not happen. And especially not to such passive and loving people as Mariah and Paul. So, I need to go to Boston and be with my baby. Poor thing. He is so mature and responsible to just walk away. I am not. :) ever. You don't fuck with me and you DEFINITELY don't fuck with the people I love. Well, you can, but then I find any way that I can to deform you for the rest of your life. ROAR! So, Paul will be coming back to NYC on the Saturday before Easter. He and I are going to go to church together and then have a nice Easter dinner. It is the only holiday that we get to spend with eachother, what with us both having to go home for Christmas and Thankgiving. I am really excited. We are going to go to CHURCH together. I haven't been to church in such a long time. TOO LONG. And it will be so wonderful to go with my boyfriend. (big sigh) Can't wait to see his little ghoulie face!

 Wow. What a day. It started out so horribly and is actually turning out to not be so bad. I think the day turned itself around when I shoved my face with pizza at Penelope's work party. Everyone was in a really great mood, despite the weather. And I am a royal fat ass today. I ate Lo Mein at 10:30am and then two slices of pizza. And then I went to a local deli and got a cup of corn chowder. My appetite is voracious and insatiable today. I almost ate Penelope, but she ran away too quickly. Now I am full of food and my stomach has exploded into this mass of flesh. Will someone please help me help myself? The day is almost over and I am so ready to go home. Imagine if I was like, "Oh please, I would love to spend another hour here today." Yeah...you can also imagine a million dollars falling out of my asshole. Ooh. I like that fantasy. So I spoke with my father last night for about two hours on the phone. It was such a beautiful conversation. He spent more than half of it in tears over one thing or another. He is such an emotional guy. I love it. He confides in me, he trusts me, and even more importantly, he loves me so incredibly much. I appreciate him in a way that I will never be able to convey to him. He's my hero, my father, and my joy. He is going to get involved with my uncles and in a lot of ways, I feel like he should. Long story, but he may really be able to help fix this misunderstanding that I am having with them. I guess I will just wait and see what happens. I just spoke with Paul. He was pretty damn cute. Sometimes he gets this laughter that just makes me want to smush him with love. It's like: HAR HAR HAR! I love it so much. Last night he fucked up. I called him at like 10:30pm (returning his call) and he didn't answer. I called and called until 11pm, cuz I really wanted to talk to him. So I finally get ahold of him at like 11pm. Here is how the conversation went: J: Hi. How are you? P: Hi. You going to bed? J: No. What's going on? P: Nothing. Just eating dinner. You going to bed? J: Um...no. I have a little bit to talk. P: Well, maybe you should get some rest. J: EWE. What is the deal? Why are you making me go to bed? P: Well, you see, Queer as Folk is on and I really want to watch it. I will call you at 12am if you are still going to be awake. J: (Deleted expletives) ARE YOU SERIOUS? I MEAN, WE HAVEN'T SPOKEN TO EACHOTHER SINCE LAST FRIDAY AND NOW A TV SHOW IS MORE IMPORTANT....BLAH BLAH BLAH....(more screaming)....and BLAH! P: I am sorry Joe. I just want to watch the show. J: Fine. I am being a dickhead and I am sorry. I just really wanted to talk to you and I see now that our conversation isn't that important to you. You don't have to call me when the show is over. I am going to bed. P: I will try you after the show. Promise. Hope you are ok. J: Fine. Goodnight. P: Bye So, I call back about 10 minutes later and leave a message on the answering machine that went something like this: "Don't pick up the phone (not that he would have anyway). I am going to bed. I apologize for getting angry with you. I just really wanted to talk about what happened to you this weekend and what happened to me yesterday, but we will catch up on it later. If you want, please give me a call after the show and maybe I will still be awake to talk. If not, you can call me tomorrow. I love you and hopefully I will still be awake when you call." Being the amazing boyfriend that he is...he didn't call back. Of fucking course. ;) But he did call just now and I am not angry at all. I wasn't even really angry last night. I just flipped out cuz I felt like that is what I was supposed to do. Have you ever done that? I am so used to being the crazy one and last night, even though I wasn't in the mood to be crazy, I forced myself to curse him out. (big sigh) The trials and tribs of being a psycho. You never know how to be. So that is it. Those are my stories for the day. It is now 4:55pm and I am so out of here, it's ridiculous. not so ridiculous.

 Well, everyone at work is off at a board meeting and Rita and I sit here in the office all alone! Whoo HOOO! Makes me wanna...shoop, shoop day doop, shoop day doop, shoop day doop day doop day shoop. Just don't really feel like blogging today. So, FUCK! I just remembered that I was supposed to call my mother this morning before 11am. DAMN! I totally forgot. I don't know why singing Salt N Peppa made me remember, but still....damn. I really meant to call her. She was so good to me last night when I talked to her about the letter of doom from my uncles. She handled it all so well and really made me feel loved. I would do anything for my mom. She is the greatest woman alive. :( Wish I had called.

 Wow. Would you look at this? My boy and I are BFMOTHAFUCKINF! urlLink Take the "What *NSYNC Hairstyle are you?" Quiz

 One more hour until I can go home and get right back in bed. So excited. I am going to sleep my face off tonight and lay naked and roll around in my sheets until I am good and satisfied. I miss Paul tremendously today. Especially after everything that happened with my uncles this morning. He is a gift to me and I wish I could have him here all the time. :(

 The world is full of selfish bullshit today and I want no part of it. Sometimes it is just easier to lock yourself in your bedroom. Sometimes it doesn't pay to be a friend to someone cuz it is always about them. Most times I don't want to be the listener, but I take on the role almost automatically. Usually I repress everything that upsets me until I hurt someone as much as they have hurt me. Often, I want to tell people to SHUT THE FUCK UP for once. I am really trying to work on my patience level. But it can be very difficult. Almost impossible.

 What a weekend! I am so exhausted from it, right now I could collapse on my keyboard and sleep comfortably for at least 6 hours. It is one of those days where I just can't wait to get home and climb right back into bed. It is so warm and cozy in my bed and this world is so dreary and freezing today. Why not spend a day in bed? WHY? Because I have to do this damn thing called "work". Damn that thing. I was lucky enough to start my day off in a horrible way. About a month ago, I sent my uncles (the gay ones), in California an email explaining my fears of visiting them this summer. (They had previously invited me out there for a mini-vacation) In the email, I was very aggressive and maybe a little too forward in what I had to say to them. They took what I was saying and turned it completely around so that it made it seem like I was viciously attacking them. I was startled to log into my email this morning to find a rude, hurtful, and rather bitchy email from them. These guys are 50 years old right? I didn't know that bitchiness could come out of people when they were this age. But I guess with gays, bitchiness can always come out. Here is the email exchange: (edited for time and boringness quality) The reason I called you a couple weeks ago is because I wanted to talk about the trip to SF. First, let me just THANK YOU for the amazing invitation. I was shocked and thrilled to find out. You are both so generous and kind to me always and I truly appreciate it. I know I don't get to see you that much and that is difficult. For a number of reasons. But mostly, just because I want to get to know you better and I want your advice at least 12 times a day about whatever it could be that is on my mind.I have been thinking a great deal about the trip. I am having some major hesitations about coming.1) You know I don't want to fly. I am terrified. More than terrified actually. I am so scared that it is very likely I won't come at all due to this intense anxiety that I am feeling. I know that the chances of a crash or a terrorist take-over are very unlikely, but I still can't fathom having to get on to a plane by myself. Especially since I have only flown twice in my life. Once to visit you guys and once for Winfield's graduation.2) You told me that you want me to come alone. I don't know if I can come alone. I don't want to fly alone. I really don't. And more importantly, I would really want Paul to come with me. He and I have discussed a visit to you long before you invited me. LONG before. And it is an experience that I want to share with him. I understand you guys wanting to spend time with me. Alone with me. I want the same from both of you. But with my fear of flying (alone especially) and the fact that Paul would give anything to come...I don't really know how to go forward with this.3) When I had the conversation with you guys over Christmas about the visit, you said something that really upset me. You told me that we would "go out" while I was there, but that I was "not allowed to bring anyone home". You also made it very clear that I was to "come visit alone".Now, this hurt me because I feel like you don't really know me at all. And on top of that...I feel like no one really knows me in the family. I have been with Paul for over 2 years now. It is a strong, beautiful, difficult relationship that no one in the family has taken five minutes to consider. Mom and dad do the best they can, but they talk more positively about Winfield's sexual flings than they do about the boy I am in love with. The boy that I have never even had intercourse with. It hurts. And it pisses me off. Just to be honest.When you guys told me that I had to come alone....something about the way you said it rang so familiar in my head. It was like having a conversation with my parents. "Joe, come visit us at home, but make sure you come by yourself." "Winfield, come visit us at home, but make sure you bring Amy". It is not fair and I promised myself that I wouldn't put myself into a situation like this anymore. Paul is more important to me than Amy was or will ever be to Winfield. And no one takes it seriously.I have spent the last 4 years coming out of the closet with no familial support. In fact, instead of support, I hear doubts about my promiscuity, my "experimental phase", the fact that "life is so much harder when you are gay". And to be honest, none of it rings true to me at all.I am sexually responsible in every way, shape, form. I KNOW this is not a phase. And I am happy and proud to be a homosexual. Nothing about the lifestyle scares me or turns me off. Because I am me and I have a good head on my shoulders. I know what is best for me. I have to. I have been the only one looking out for me in this area. So it hurt. It hurt to have you two put guidelines on my visit. It hurt to think that you look at me the same way my parents do. Even though you are gay.I have an amazing time with you during each visit. But I don't know either of you very well. And you don't know me. We have yet to really spend some time together discovering what makes up the real US! At least, I don't know what makes the real you.I hope that this email wasn't in any way offensive or hurtful to either of you. I am just at the point where I have to be honest about my feelings regarding this situation. I am almost 25 and I am finally starting to be happy. I want to share this happiness with you two (especially) and hopefully one day with my parents as well.Please write me back or call me whenever you get the chance. Or just let me know when will be a good day/time to call you.I hope we can work this out. I love you both so much and I am always more than grateful for the money, the thought, and the love that you send my way.Have a wonderful day and I look forward to talking to you soon. They wrote back this beautiful email: First of all we think you know that it was not our intention to hurt your feelings. The last we heard was that you and Paul had broken up. So we assumed that you might be dating and that was the nature of our "guideline" about bringing people home. We know you well enough to know that you are not promiscuous. We also realize that we talked about both you and Paul coming out here together. But after the great time we had with Winfield last year we changed our minds. We also came to the conclusion that if both of you came we would not get the "two-on-one" time we need to get to know each other. Please understand this does not mean that we don't like Paul. We understand how you feel about flying since neither of us likes to fly either. But sometimes you have to give a little to get a lot. Or sometimes you make sacrifices for people you love. You say that no one in the family knows you or understands your relationship with Paul. Whose fault is that? And you should know that it is very offensive to both of us for you to accuse us of homophobia. If you have issues with your parents' acceptance please deliver them to their doorstep, not ours. So a visit is not in the cards for this year. Maybe at some point in the future. Drop us a line and let us know how things are going with Paul. That way we won't accidentally say things that hurt your feelings. I was shocked and really hurt by this. It will stay with me for awhile. I just can't believe that my own flesh and blood would go off on me like that. Especially since they are the only gay role model type people I know. Ugh. Way to start a Monday morning.

 25 minutes until PIZZA FRIDAYS! YAY! I have been so good this week. Only eating salads during lunch, when what I really wanted was a huge fucking cheeseburger with an even larger portion of french fries. So the pizza that I will eat after work today will be gone in 30 seconds and I will sit and play with my gut all afternoon with a huge, fat smile on my face. I have Craig David stuck in my head today. He's walking around my brain singing in his british accent. That boy done got a good voice. Too bad he is fucking ugly. I guess you can't have everything. Unless you are Justin Timberlake. Then you gots it all. Or maybe you are Jeff Buckley and you got it all, but you are dead. HALLELUJAH. (That joke was a play on words) (Did you figure it out?) Speaking of Jeff Buckley, I gotta introduce someone into this bloggle. His name is Edward and he is just about one of my favorite people on the planet. I met Edward during my super senior year at college. We were in the theater department together and were in most classes and productions together. He first caught my attention when I heard him sing. The kid has got a voice that could melt the hearts of women and men across the country. It's powerful, controlled and so rich in volume and tone. I just love to hear him sing. Edward also expresses himself in verse. He is an exceptional poet and I have about 3 poems he wrote me hanging on my wall. Every time I read them, I get this overwhelming feeling of inspiration. He is so in tune with his emotions and it comes across fully in his writing. Edward and I got real close real fast. We were really only "friends" for 6 months before I left school. At the time, we both had this fear that once I graduated, he and I would never really see each other or speak again. This was totally proven untrue as I talk to him about once a week now over the computer. We don't use the phone much and I have only seen his face once in the last 2 years. But he is always on my mind. I love talking to him and I know he feels the same. I am almost like a big brother figure to him. I know he looks up to me in a lot of ways. In turn, I feel as though he is my concious. He really wants me to quit smoking and he is always saying the right words of encouragement. Gosh. I miss him terribly. It's weird because there are some days when I miss him much more than I should. I guess, to be honest, I fell for him pretty hard when I was at school. In fact, if he wasn't straight, I probably would have fallen completely in love with him. Or at least in lust. The kid has a body and a look that just gets under my skin. He's fucking BIG. And I don't mean the size of his cock. That is just too much. I mean, the size of his body. I like 'em big and Edward is a fucking big boy. (Fat ass, actually--------------never!) On his last day in Oswego (Where I went to college), Edward and I said goodbye in his truck. He cried, I cried, and then we kissed goodbye. He toys with the idea of homosexuality, but I don't think he will ever let go into it. And I don't think he is truly gay. I think that Edward loves people for people and that is one of the qualities that I admire about him most. I often wonder if we will ever get the chance to see if it would work for us, but I promised myself a long time ago, that I wouldn't get involved with "straight" or "bi-curious" guys ever again. It is too hard. I don't mind fucking around with these type of guys. But Edward is not the fuck around type. He is someone that could make me lose myself completely - body and soul. He is planning a visit to the city in May. I am very excited to see him. To just sit around and have some beers and talk about the old days. Laugh a bit, hug a bit, and just know that he still does care about me. And for me to be able to let him know the same thing. Also, he will surely be bringing his guitar to play and sing a song for me. Or maybe 3. I adore him and I am proud to call him my friend. There are few people in this world that have made such a lasting impression on me, and Edward is definitely one of them. I look forward to what the future will bring the two of us. I just hope that we are able to share it with eachother. :)

 Right now I am talking to Mariah online. From what she says, her and Paul got into a massive fight last night. Paul broke a cactus of hers and I guess she flipped. Not necessarily because of the cactus, but because of all the stress that is being placed on her right now. She moves to NYC in 2 1/2 months. She is so scared. Just to uproot and do it. But hey, she needs to and she will accomplish it with flying colors. I believe in her fully. So Paul said some stupid shit, as Paul tends to do, and Mariah just broke down and cried. Poor thing. I know it is tough on Paul. But honestly, too bad. Mariah is the one moving. Paul has neither the courage nor the motivation to change his station in life. He is stuck and so shall it be. But as a true friend, he needs to put his feelings aside and get his girl ready to go. He needs to stop being a control-freak prick is what he needs. I get so defensive over Mariah. Even against my own boyfriend. It's just that I know how Paul can be and sometimes it is too much. They will work it out and they will cling to eachother and never be able to let go when Mariah's "move date" comes around. I love them both dearly and I can't even stand the anticipation of Mariah's arrival in NYC. Can't stand it. As for me...I am plugging away at work today. My gums were gushing blood about an hour ago. Not so much gushing as leaking, I guess. I used floss and it just tore shit up. It actually doesn't hurt very much. Just irritating and horribly discusting. Back to the dentist I go. Tonight is our "White Trash Adventure". It should be fun. Tomorrow is my night alone! Rock. Most excited about that. Sunday is St. Paddy's day drinkfest. LOL I think every day is St. Paddy's day drinkfest. I started another David Sedaris book today. As I said previously, I recently finished reading "Me Talk Pretty One Day". It was absolutely fucking fantastic. The one I started today is called "Naked". OMIGOD. I have only read two chapters, but it is so damn funny, I really don't know what to do with myself. At one point, I found myself clutching my penis and trying to make the laughter stop. Ok, that never happened, but maybe it did. Last week, I read MUSE by Michael Cecilione. There were parts of it that were brilliant. There were also parts of it that were so fucking dumb that I wanted to take an ax and kill my pyschotic boyfriend. No, not Paul. I just gave away the ending to the book. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Oh...and the lead character is fucking crazy with some sort of mental disorder. That was the other "hidden suprise". BWA HA HA HA HA HA Book ruined. Penelope comes back to work on Monday. Finally. Gosh, it feels like she has been gone for months and months. Well, kinda she has. Life has dealt her a pile of shit lately, but she has somehow managed to make brownies out of it. Meaning, she has taken a half empty glass and poured some milk in it to make it a full glass. Or that took a stroll around the park and somehow managed to go full circle. Ok, none of this makes sense, but it feels good to just write nonsense once in awhile. What I am trying to get at is that she is in such good spirits and doing well. Rita and I had a fantastic time with her last night. Thanks P! Alright friends...have a great weekend. Love you all. but love me more.

 CITY HIGH...shumma shum shum...shumma shuuummmm. I can't get this fucking song out of my head. And the worst part about it is that I know only two words. "City High". Paul called me at work today. He was adorable on the phone We shared a few shits and giggles before we got off. It was a nice and quick talk. Made me miss him. :( I am busting ass to get my shit done before I go. I also have to figure out how to take the cross-town bus to Penelope's house. YIKES. I never take the bus. So it is Creeps McCreeps that I have to get on one today. I just think it will go so much faster than taking the subway. Okay....Cleo just explained to me how to take the bus. She has been so cool lately. Close to being one of my favorites at work. Well, there isn't much competition, but she has been excellent. Last night, Rita and I did Tarot card readings. It was fun and TOTALLY insightful. She has a lesbian deck of Tarot cards. It's funny. Even the man characters are these big dykes. I guess it makes sense. Every dyke I have ever known has been able to predict the future. (wink wink) Alright, I gots to go and get ready to leave. Hope all is well with everyone! Peace be with you and oh yeah... fuck off.

 I am currently in the middle of a coughing fit. One that is racking my face! I also have the tickle from hell that is making my eyes water. Not just water, but FLOW. Ugh. Cigarettes, the gift that keeps on givin. It is so beautiful outside. It's funny, well not really funny, but....funny how I think that my moods are soley based on the sun. If it is rainy and discusting, I am miserable. Am I bi-polar? Is that the disease where your moods are governed by the weather? No. That disease is called bullshit. But nonetheless I have a horrible case of the bullshits. Finally. Coughing fit over. Phew - that was a close one. I feel good today. Probably cuz the weekend is rearing its' beautiful head. Come to me weekend. CUM TO ME. Tomorrow night, Rita and Kelly and I will be going out for what we are calling: "The White Trash Adventure." We are going on a budget of $50, not a dollar more. Cheap dinner, cheap drinks, and cheap attitudes. Attitudes = me sucking a dick in the bathroom of the restaurant we go to. Hey! If the dick fits, suck it. Saturday night, Rita is going to visit her sister Jeannie. If you want to know who Jeannie really is, you should go to my links page and check her out. She is a fantastic girl that is getting married on November 9th. God. What am I going to wear? I have ACTUALLY never been to a wedding for a friend of mine. I have been to two weddings in my life and both times I barely knew the people. Kind of excited!!!! I spoke with my dad and mom last night. It was a great conversation. I was only dreading calling them because I miss them so much. They live all the way in Albany and I live all the way in NYC. Ok...it could be totally worse. Reets' parents live in Germany. Damn Germans. Taking away everyone we love. Since I was in highschool...I have developed this overwhelming paranoia that my parents are gonig to die suddenly and leave me alone on the cold, hurtful earth. I picture them being diagnosed with lung cancer and making it 3 months before they are ripped out of my life. Rita and Kelly tell me over and over that this isn't going to happen and that I really just need to let it go. "They've got years to live", they say. I just nod and try to do my best to block it from my mind. All I can think of is that I had the same massive anxiety about my grandmother dying suddenly and leaving me alone. Then she did die about 6 months after I developed this fear. I still haven't found a way to be positive about her death. So I am just worried. Do I spend my life with them, making memories? Or do I move here to NYC and selfishly pursue the movie star dream? Gosh. Tough decision. But I have obvioulsy already made up my mind. I live in NYC and not Albany. So sometimes, when I miss them a whole lot, I avoid the phone cuz I know it will bring me down. They are planning a visit next weekend. They love to come down to my apartment, hang with my friends, drink tons of beer/wine and smoke some bowls. My mom actually sits in a room with my friends and gets stoned. She loves it. And I love her for loving it. She's adorable. And I hope she brings pot when she comes, cuz I am out! So, as I was saying, before I was rudely interrupted by my need to explain other things, Rita is going to visit Jeannie this Saturday to look at wedding dresses for the big day. Kelly has to work Saturday night and I will be home all alone. I LOVE THAT! It never happens. Never. And I will get to walk around naked, play with myself on the couch, and eat whatever the fuck I want. Ok...like I couldn't eat what I wanted on days when they are home. But it will fun to eat naked while playing myself. And that's the whole point, isn't it? So, tonight, Rita and I go to Penelope's to have a couple drinks with her. I hope she is holding herself together. I read her blogger this morning, and my tears flowed directly onto my keyboard. It was so heartfelt, touching, and awful. I am sorry Penelope that you have to deal with this shit. It isn't fair and it isn't cool. My heart is with you. Kelly wrote a pretty incredible entry in her diary last night. I told her that she should try writing more about how she feels and less about a recap of her day. Not that recaps aren't so fun! Really, it's the only way we (Rita and I) can keep in touch with her. But I want her to be able to use her diary as a sort of release as well. She is in this phase (most likely the Robot mode that Rita is always talking about) that causes her to not feel anything at all. Kelly is someone that is just naturally so sensitive and now, she is like a rock! She has had to pick up her pieces all by herself lately and she is doing a fine job. She seems in excellent spirits, and I am proud of her. It will all balance out for her eventually, but to be honest...I don't think she could get through this semster if it weren't for this robot mode that she is in. It is keeping her going to work, going to school, and going to class. And she will collapse on the last day of school, only to realize that she accomplished EVERYTHING and is actually GRADUATING! What an amazing time that is going to be. OH! GOSH! I just can't wait. I will finally have all of my friends out of college. I feel like she and I went through this same thing, only four years ago, when she graduated highschool. Alright, I have been at work for an hour and a half already and I have done NOTHING in the form of work. Well, not true. If you count 45 minutes of endless writing in my bloggle work, then I will be promoted by the end of the day. Hey Edward. You still there and reading? I will do a full entry about you soon. Stay with me bud. I miss you and love you.

 Alright...that's it for today folks! 8 more minutes and I am out! Peace be with you my friends. Fucking phone.... Alright....love you and love N'SYNC! Have a great night and we will be here at the same time, same place, same annoying life tomorrow!

 OH MY GOD! And I took this totally honestly, I promise! MY BOYS! MY BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOYS! urlLink

 LOLOLOLOLLLOOOLOLOLOLOLOLLLOLOOLOLOLOLOLOL urlLink urlLink Qual montanha voc seria?

 OF FUCKING COURSE! I tashte like Alcohol . Heh. Heh. I taste like beer. I like beer. Buy me a beer. I'm not drunk, I can drink plenty without... What was I saying? Beer. What Flavour Are You?

 23 minutes left of work. Rita thinks that this no class-asshole John, is someone I know. Be on the look out people. I am going to figure out who you are and DESTROY YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (Evil/Wicked laughter)

 So I just checked my new guest book and this guy "John" wrote something fucking discusting in it. I mean, please feel free to write whatever you want...but I mean, have SOME class! If you want to know what John said in his guest book entry, write me and I will tell you.

 Damn. I have taken so many tests today. I feel like I am back in highschool! Except a fun highschool where your tests told you what Tarot Card and Daria character you are. Sorry for those of you that don't like tests. I have included them all because I feel like everyone will be able to find at least one test that appeals to them. But even more importantly, they all describe me in some little way. So fucking deal with it. (Daria shining through here)

 Hey Reets! This one is for you! And look what I am: urlLink

 Wow. Today is the day of cheesy tests. I will make SURE that I have one for everyone in here: urlLink Which tarot card are you?

 Now this one was fun: urlLink What is YOUR Highschool label?

 For shits and giggles: R You are restricted. Well done, you're now practically adult in nature, and plus, you get to see nudity - have fun. "Which Movie Classification Are You?" Test created by urlLink Jamie - take it urlLink here .

 HAPPY 30th BIRTHDAY PENELOPE! I promise things will get better from here on in. You have a wonderful day today and keep your chin up! You are a hilarious, sensitive, strong girl. And I am proud to be your friend. Come back to work real soon now, y'hear?

 Still have to piss so bad.

 I have to piss so badly right now. I have been holding it for like 45 minutes. Have you ever been so not in the mood to piss that you are willing to hold it in until the kidneys just collapse and shrivel? Well, if not, you don't know what you are missing. I am so hungry today, but I know I must wait until lunch before I eat. Really trying to cut down on this "Eat all the time" craze I got goin. Work is so slow today. Nice and quiet. But uneventful and boring nonetheless. So last night I am watching the Real World. Of course. What else would I be doing on a Tuesday evening at 10pm? Surely not doing anything but! Let me just say again how much I love this show. So damn good. I sat there thinking how badly I would have wanted to be a part of this cast. I auditioned (or sent in audition tapes rather) twice to Mary Ellen Bunim and Mr. Jonathan Murray, but they were like: "He is a boring, generic gay man. We obviously can't cast him." And I think that it worked out for the best. I am definitely someone that wanted to be on the Real World because I thought it was such a cool concept. Not at all because I wanted people to see my habits and weaknesses broadcast over their television. But the cast that is on now is my favorite. I would love to chill with them for awhile. Aneesa especially. She reminds me a lot of my lesbian friends. (Which aren't many) She is not exactly like them persay, as much as she goes through similar things that they go through. Right Mariah? And Aneesa talks to her mother on the phone the exact same way that Mariah talks to hers. It's pretty damn hilarious. I have to call my dad tonight. He is all pissed at me because it has been two weeks and I have yet to pick up the phone. I just don't want to talk! I love him dearly, it's just that I don't feel like re-hashing some of the things we are going to need to talk about. Ugh. I am so glad that it is Wednesday. Two more days to go until the weekend. So not in the mood to be here right now.

 A rainy Wednesday. That is what it is. Cold and dreary. A Soda without fizz. Boogers.

 We can thank Rita for this funny as shit, but perfectly useful information: My Mormon name is Jeffren CalDean ! urlLink What's yours?

 WELCOME BACK TO ME! Wow. I feel like I have been gone for years and years. Or maybe just days and days, but either way...it's been way too long. My trip to visit Paul and Mariah in Boston was fucking amazing. Really, I don't think there was one moment that I wished I could be anywhere else. We ate like fucking hoss's, smoked our brains out, and drank like Prohibition was on its way back in. I spent most of the weekend fucked up, but it was good and totally needed. I mean, I did spend a whole 4 and a half hour bus ride to Boston without a drink, so it was much deserved to start boozing the minute I walked in the door. Paul and Mariah paid for everything. Without question. They took me out, bought me dinner, and even gave me little suprises the whole time I was there. Gosh. I just had the best time. So good in fact, that when Mariah looked at me with those sad eyes on Sunday afternoon, I just knew that I had to stay for another night. How could I possibly leave her on her birthday? It is so weird. Every time I go to Boston, I immediatly want to shuck it all and move back there. The place is just damn fun and I know the city well enough to get myself around. It's like I sort of live there too. BUT...and this is a big BUT, if I lived there again, I know that I would fall into the abyss of party all the time and never get anything done. Much like the year that I spent there. Mariah is readying for her move to NYC. She is terrified and scared. And she should be. It is a huge change. But it is a much needed change and at some point we all gotta settle down and get started on our careers. That is what NYC is for. So I encourage her to move and I eagerly anticipate her arrival. Just think Mariah...we won't have to say goodbye anymore. And on top of that...we can visit Boston any time you want. We will be bus buddies. But we MUST take busses that show movies. Otherwise, you would be forced to sing and I would be forced to harmonize for the whole trip. Paul and I got along so well. He took amazing care of me. When it finally came time for me to leave, I felt this emptiness that scared me. I haven't felt that emptiness in so long. I felt like I couldn't possibly go on without him. I find myself whining and complaining, laying all over the apartment, just trying to put off the inevitable. When he and I are together, we are like a force. Soulmates, Mariah calls us. When I am with Paul, I am in love. After 2 years and a couple of months, I am still in love with this boy. Sex comes forth. Right after hugs, laughs, and food. I want to be with him every minute that I am there. And most of the time, I find myself clinging on to him for dear life. I sit in his lap, hold him whenever he sits still for 5 minutes, and am constantly telling him that it is time for love. Love equals kissing me and making me feel special. And he complies with it, cuz he loves me. It feels so good to be loved by that. But this kind of love is dangerous. It makes you want to chuck it all and just spend every waking moment creating and enjoying each other's company. I still find myself looking at other guys and wondering what they would be like without their clothes on, but I don't get that compulsive need to meet someone new. (Like I always do when I am in the city) UGH. If we could just live in the same area for once. Just to see if this shit would really work. I love you Paul. So much that I wish I could figure out a way for us to be together and to still accomplish all that we want out of life. I'm working on it. Besides drinking and smoking non-stop this weekend, we also had a picnic outside, played basketball with the local black kids, and sang and danced like it was our birthday. OH! That's right. It WAS our birthday. Mariah's 24th! And I hope she enjoyed every minute of it. On Saturday night, we went to this gay country club. Gay Country Club. (Those words should never even be in the same sentence) It took us about a half hour to get there, and we were lucky enough to have this girl drive us. However, the minute we stepped out of the car...I proclaimed: "Hey everyone! I left my wallet all the way back in Boston!" oops. Paul was fucking incredible and immediately offered to drive me back to get it. It was so fun to be in the car with him. We blared music, smoked a joint, and made the best of a shitty situation. That is why I love Paul. I can do something totally ridiculous and he just goes with the flow. He keeps me calm and he just takes care of it. Man....he was so cool about it. Especially since I would have been PISSED if he had done the same thing. Good old Joe. Always going off the handle at stupid things. So the country club turned out to be a blast. Unfortunately, the night life shuts down at 2am in Boston....which has proven to be TOO EARLY on every occassion. But we made the best of it. We smoked another joint on the way home, made a huge feast at the apartment and had chocolate Martinis to celebrate Mariah's bday! Such a good time. I think I gained like 12 pounds from the visit. Paul calls it my Christmas pudge. (I call it the usual pudge, but whatever) Now I am back in NY and back at work. Everyone was really cool to me today, which was a relief. I always get worried that I am going to get in "trouble" or something when I skip out on a day of work. But instead, I walked in and everyone was like: "Happy 1 Year Anniversary" and blah blah blah. I totally forgot that it was my work anniversary. But it is. So I guess I should be proud. Okay...moment of pride over. Time to find a new job. Penelope is having her 30th bday this week. She is kind of dreading it, but she took the whole week off to soften the blow. Good for her. A whole WEEK of doing nothing, but living and being happy. Unfortunately, her dog, Bailey, had to be put to sleep on Sunday. My heart snapped in two when I spoke with her on the phone last night. She doesn't deserve so much heartache all at once. My heart (what's left of it) and prayers are with her, but I just wish that there was more that I could do. Losing a pet, especially a BAILEY pet, is so difficult. It is almost impossible. She is off to a Knicks game tonight and hopefully seeing some hot, buff, black men will cheer her up. If not, I plan to get her FUCKED UP on Thursday. Drinks, pot, and laughs. Can't wait. I guess that is it for today. Got a pretty easy week ahead of me. So long as I don't get thrown any fast balls. You know how that is....one minute things are boring, monotonous, and annoying....the next minute...I have 8 fingers, a brain tumor, and am struggling to choke down solid food. I just don't get this thing we call "life".

 barp

 Well, I am leaving in exactly 45 minutes to go to Boston to visit Mariah and Paul. Mariah's birthday is Sunday and we are gonna do it up! I am so excited. I feel like it is Christmas or something. I just hope the visit goes well. That Paul behaves himself and that I will be on my game. This week has been hellish. Work has been crazy, personal life has been for shit, and I haven't jerked off in days to get ready for Paul. :) My bus leaves at 2pm and should get in around 6:30pm. I plan to get some rest, finish my book, and get myself prepared for what is to be a grand weekend. Everyone have a great weekend and please come back for some more fun and laughs on Monday! Be well!

 Good afternoon Bloggle. Today has FLOWN by. I mean, it is now 4:52pm and the last time I saw the clock was at 3:10pm. TIME TO GO! I got my hair cut today. I think it looks pretty good. I went a whole blade down on the clippers. I am now a 1" boy. And I look rather studly. mmmmmmmmmmm.....studly. Time to go home and masturbate to myself.

 OH MY LORD. If you need two seconds of pure unadulterated laughter, I would encourage you to click on this: urlLink Pure Unadulterated Laughter

 WOW. I feel great today. Woke up feeling refreshed and happy. Very rare that the good mood hits me so early in the morning. But when it happens, I say: "ROCK!" And I get up and get going. No. That is really what happened this morning. My eyes opened to my alarm. I screamed out loud: "ROCK!" and then I got my naked ass out of bed. Weird. But totally enjoyable. Penelope is out again today. She is having the WORST time with her teef. Not her Otis Teef. Her teef teef. From what my boss (Speck) says, she is having a wisdom tooth pulled today cuz it is infected. YIKES! She must be in so much pain. It is really not good. I hope she is holding in there. So, my little friend Kel-Kel has some anonymous readers. It feels so good when that happens. I checked out the sites of her new readers. They actually are nice looking girls. Better than my hideous readers. And I don't mean you Rita or Penelope. I shall leave the names of my horrifying readers out of this, cuz I want them to come back. But still...you know who you are. Leaving for Boston in 2 days! Fucking excited. I haven't been there in SO long. I think it has been just about 2 months. Good for me. I used to run there every time I had the chance. But now that I love NYC, it is getting easier to be here every weekend. In fact, part of me is actually a little depressed to not be going out in the city this weekend. It is just about my favorite thing to do here. The gay scene is just BOOMING! And the guys are not ugly. Well some are. But they are my readers. I have to get my haircut today. Much overdue. I want to look as good as possible when I go to see Paul. I want him to ravage me. Just as long as he doesn't stick his fingers in my asshole as hard as last time. When he gets drunk, he loses all sense of sensuality and becomes this finger sticking maniac. And then I hurt. Rita is going to see her boyfriend this weekend too. I know she is excited. It will be the first time she has visited Syracuse since she moved. If I were her, I would be itching to get back to the old stomping grounds for a couple of days. She will come back to NYC alive and rejuvenated. She and I both need to get away. Just so we can take that sigh of relief. oh and get some dick! I have this account on Yahoo Personals that is sort of like, well...um....a personal. I have gotten 5 replies so far. The first one...HOT MOTHA FUCKING HOT. But I felt like he was lying about his pic. It was like this really perfect, straight out of urlLink Musclemag pic. Fuck that shit. The next couple were fucking discusting pictures of these guys with their dicks in their hands. Then today, I get this email from this guy named Dean. Dean seemed so cool in his message. Really sweet. But "bi-curious". You know what we gays think about bi-curious... BLECH! But he has this link to his webpage in the email, and I figure, why not just check it out and see if he is my type. As I sat here and looked at the picture, I thought to myself, well he IS really cute. A little too thin for me, but great tatoo and nice cuts. (meaning abs and the such) (I don't usually go for cuts as much as I go for mass, but he peaked my curiousity) There was a link to more pictures of Dean on his webpage. I am thinking "Nice...let's see if I really find this kid attractive afterall." So I click on the link and to my HORROR, he is standing naked in a pool with his dick peeking out of the water. It was so little and I GASPED! Next thing I know, my boss comes booming out of his office and I QUICKLY minimize the pic with my heart pounding out of my chest. OMIGOD! What is wrong with this Dean kid? He almost got my ass in trouble. Or maybe I almost got my ass in trouble. Or maybe my ass likes being in trouble. And lastly...why would you choose a picture that involves your dick literally peeking out of a pool? Ok anyway...Dean, Dean, little penis Dean. GO AWAY! So that was the excitement of my morning. Now I guess I should go fill the fax machine with paper since it has been beeping incessantly since I started this entry. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!

 Alright...GOSH! One last test for the day and then I will stop with all the bullshit. I just found that this test was extremely important in figuring out my true identity. You may feel the same. urlLink What Sex Toy Are You?

 I happened to be scouting the net looking for something to cure my boredom. Suddenly and without warning, I found this site and began ejaculating on myself. If you are curious as to what could be so HOT HOT HOT....you may feel like clicking here: urlLink Special suprise However, if you are looking for something a little more erotic, you may just want to check out my all time favorite site: urlLink YUM! And finally, if you are looking for something to just kill time, you may be wanting to play around on this: urlLink Fun fun fun Enjoy these if you are bored. If you are offended, fuck off.

 This is in tribute to my friends' and my SCREAM obsession: urlLink urlLink Would you survive a horror movie? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty

 QUICK PIECE OF INFORMATION FROM OUR FRIENDS AT BRAVENET: Unfortunately there was some major breach of security over at the headquarters of Bravenet. They have had to shut down their systems for awhile in order to see what damage has been done. Unfortunately there will be no guest book or online polls to be viewed until this problem is fixed. And I was wondering why my page was all fucked up. Please come back and sign the book soon!

 Welcome to another week. Shit. Fucking hate Mondays. I think I make a comment about that every Monday. But each Monday the pain is still there and I just don't know how to go on with my daily ramblings until I call it out. This weekend, Rita's friend Jill came down for a one night visit. She is an absolute darling and has such an upbeat, crazy sense of humor. It was nice to spend time with her and to get a glimpse of the kind of people Rita makes friends with. We sat around and played cards all night with Kelly. It was a great evening. Nice and low key. Somehow I still managed to find a way to get trashed. Ah. The joy of living in NYC. Everything we do involves getting trashed. This week makes me happy. I get off at 1pm on Thursday and I took all of Friday off. I will be going to Boston for Mariah's birthday. I am so excited to spend some time with her. She is by far, my favorite friend that doesn't live in NYC. She is constant jokes and laughter. We sing together, we cry together, she is my other half. During my last few visits to Boston, Mariah and I haven't had the luxury of being together just the two of us. I have spent most of the time with Paul for one reason or another. This time, however, I am in it to win it. (okay, that didn't make sense, but I wanted to use that saying so badly) I am sure we will go out each night that I am there. The afternoons will be filled with pot smoking, food eating, and movie watching. It's like my own little mini-break and I am damn excited. I am sure on Friday I will go over to where Mariah is a nanny and play with the baby. I just love that little bitch. (Mariah and I used to call her the "bitch of a baby".) And on top of all this, I will be with Paul as well. He left an absolutely adorable message on my answering machine yesterday. I couldn't even erase it, cuz it was just so cute. And he text me today at work. He is making the effort and I love him for that. He really is trying. Oh. It will feel so good to lay in bed with him this weekend. To be held. Kissed. Sucked. Ahhhh..... I love him today.

 Fucking great. My gums are killing me today. I thought that I might be in the clear with all this bullshit. Maybe it is bad karma cuz Penelope had a horrible visit to the dentist yesterday. Ooh. Poor thing. Sounds like my biggest nightmare. In fact, I can't talk about it anymore right now . If you want to know the full gruesome story...go to her blogger. urlLink Penelope's blogger What else? Rita's friend Jill will be here at 7am tomorrow morning. Damn! Rita is driving to pick her up. Brave soul that she is. I will be fast asleep having dreams of curing my teeth problems. This will have to be a short entry, since I am in a rush to have some pizza for pizza Friday's!

 One more thing...I believe in full artistic and creative expression. I have no problem with Marilyn Manson or any of the other blood/death metal groups out there. I have a problem with little white shit heads who think that by appealing to 13 year old children they are making some sort of a statement. And what statement is Eminem trying to convey anyway? Hatred? Murder? Rape? Yeah...those are REAL funny topics and should be conveyed in a glorified manner to the youth of our country. Please Eminem...continue with your hate music. I am sure some huge homo will one day find you, beat you and rape you the way you talk about in your songs. God...why do I hate him so much? I just really do. He is useless. No not true. He is harmful and making money off of hurting others. That's a great goal for everyone to have! Live it up psycho shitheads of the world...there is a future for you yet!

 Did you know that Dido's "Thank you" came out in 1999? Damn...that shit is old! No wonder it gets on every last nerve I have. Speaking of Dido...have you heard that Eminem has a new cd out? And that he is also planning on dressing up as Osama Bin Laden for his next video release? The new song he has out now talks about how "controversial" his songs always are and how the media just "won't leave him alone". You know what Eminem? You are a piece of fucking garbage. Your lyrics are for shit and you are a fake mother fucker. It's really too bad. I think he is so incredibly talented. But gifted or not, his way of communicating himself just makes him come across like a close minded, homophobic degenerate. In my most obnoxious and uncaring opinion, I wonder why Lisa Lopes had to die, yet Eminem still plagues the face of this earth?

 In the background, I can hear Doris (Debeast) speaking with my boss Jim. She is saying something to the effect of creating more work for my friend/co-worker Penelope. Everything is: "Penelope can do this one first, maybe that can wait...what about at the end of the week?" I think that Doris is wishing and hoping that Penelope comes back and knocks her ugly face in.

 Counting the damn minutes until I go home! As molasses do, they tick on my computerized time clock. Each number traveling slower than the rest. Creating poetry to kill the clock. Realizing that all it does is put my stomach into further knots. Waiting, praying, hoping that Paul is fine.

 So I have taken Rita's advice and have now installed Launch Music Experience on my computer. And what an experience it is! I can hear all my favorite songs all day at work. I have had the system running for almost 5 hours now and I haven't heard any repeats! Not that I would mind...these are all my favorite songs. What a great idea Rita. Thanks! Paul is in surgery right now. I have been really stressed and upset about it all day. I really don't like being here while he is there doing this. I am sure everything will go smoothly. I have been praying all day. It's just that I have yet to find the peace in my prayer and I don't know why. Maybe it's not my peace to have. Stomach clenched in knots. I will feel better once I get home and make preparations for my visit tomorrow. I just have to get there and make sure he is ok for myself. Nightswimming is playing! Penelope is out of work today at an interview. She used the old "My aunt died" lie and got to miss out today, free of charge. Nice move P! I have been wondering how it went for her. Imagine if she quit??? I don't know what I would do. Would I get a new partner in crime up front? Do I have a say in who they hire? I am sure not. What if they are some old, raging asshole. I want nothing to do with raging assholes. Well, actually, if they are...I will make them answer the phones, fix the copier, and do all my other bitch work. And they will always get the 1pm lunch! Standing Still by Jewel is on now. What else? What else? I guess nothing. Work has been crazy for me today. Real busy. Trying to get everything done so that I can go to Boston tomorrow night with no worries. Been busting my ass today. These announcements are fucking irritating when you can't wait until the day before to do them. And I am sure that my boss will change it all. Very excited about that. Alright...it is starting to rain and I am really hoping that it turns into a full fledge storm by the time I go home. I have no umbrella and I am not wearing a heavy jacket, so I hope to go home freezing cold and wet. One can only hope!!!

 The urlLink Castaway Quiz MOTHA FUCKIN STOOPS

 DONATE TO ME PLEASE! ALWAYS LOOKING FOR SOME GOOD HEAD!

 So the coolest thing happened at lunch today. I was sitting at the West End (The West End, 2911 Broadway (@ 113th St.), 662-8830 M-Su 11:30am-2am Columbia University hangout (it's 1 block southwest of campus) once frequented by Kerouac. Huge sitting areas inside, with o.k. food served till 10pm. Back room hosts bands every Friday and Saturday for $0-10. Cheap pitchers.) . I ordered cheese fries and a diet coke. The cheese fries came and I ate them, but no diet coke. The waitress comes back to the table and asks how things are...by now I am 30 minutes into my lunch break...I say "good, but I am really thirsty". She looks at the table and sees that not even a water has graced my path since I have sat down. She says: "Chardonnay?" I say: "No, not today. I will just have a diet coke". She's like: "Have a Chardonnay, it's on me." I say: "Well, ok!" She brings me my Chardonnay and I drink it in two seconds. She comes back about 10 minutes later and says: "Another one?" I say: "No, just the bill please." She is like: "Have another one. It's on me". DOH?!?!?! "Well, alright", I say. I then drink the next glass of wine and she brings me the bill. $4 and change for cheese fries and two glasses of wine. YAYAYAY! What a nice suprise. She is the cutest little blonde girl and she treated me so well. What a suprisingly good lunch. And cheap! Almost cheaper than Burger King. Almost.

 urlLink

 My BOYZ give urlLink Lisa a shout out!

 So there is news about our favorite show urlLink Sex and the City . Supposedly, Kim Cattrall is leaving this season. She wants to pursue movies now. Do they get a new girl? I don't know if that would work. I could play her part. Maybe they will give me a shot. Also, one other bit of bad news. Instead of the usual 13 episodes this season, there will be 8. Cuz Sarah the slut had to go and get pregnant.

 And lookie who is the Breakout Artist of the Month: urlLink Vanessa Carlton . Check out her new song "Twilight". It's beautiful, I think.

 Lisa Lopes (1971-2002) I was shocked and really upset to find out that Lisa Lopes, of TLC fame, was killed last Thursday night. It seems to me that there have been quite a few shocking deaths in the celebrity world these days. Of all of the celebrity deaths that I have experienced in my life, this one has hit me the hardest. Aaliyah's death was quite shocking as well, but I didn't listen to her music that much so I wasn't as personally affected. urlLink Lisa Lopes and I go back for years. I was a HUGE fan of CrazySexyCool and an even bigger fan of FanMail . Both CD's were in massive rotation in my stereo for quite some time. Their beats, their voices, and their overall package was something that I not only appreciated, but admired as well. TLC is a group that was fun, cutting edge, and strong as fuck. They went through bankruptcy, media chaos, and personal tragedy and somehow STILL managed to remain as a group. My personal favorite member is T-Boz. AKA Tionne Watkins. But without Lisa's rap portion of their songs, the group loses that overall package that took years to fine tune. I am sad. I don't know why I care so much. But I definitely do. I was eagerly awaiting their next album and was also upset to find out that they were in the middle of recording it, to be released at the end of the year. Hopefully they will still finish it up. I will be one of the first to own it. Life is so unpredictable. Why did Lisa die? Yes, she was a very reckless, crazy individual. But so is half of the industry. TLC debuted in 1992 with their first album. You remember the songs: "What about our friends" and "Baby baby baby". It has only been a decade since they have been around. A decade? I was sure they were around for much longer than that. Last night I watched a memoriam special on TLC. I saw some old videos, old interviews. TLC has won 4 Grammy's. Including Best R & B Album for both CrazySexy and Fanmail. Good for them, right? I am still just so confused by this whole thing. I am disappointed because I was still looking forward to seeing them in concert at some point. This will never happen now. And what if Tionne and Chilly try to replace Left Eye? It couldn't happen. It shouldn't happen. And I don't think it will happen. TLC is done now. Another representation as to how unfortunate and scary life is. And just another milestone as to how much older I am getting. I hope no one ever dies again.

 Well, I have arrived. The weekend was officially over as of 6am this morning. Mariah and her friend Anne came into town last night for an audition in the city. They crashed at our place last night. It was, as always, great to see Mariah. She was so cute. The one ridiculous part is that Anne had to put her cat to sleep yesterday morning, cuz it was all crazy and tempermental. Then she got to our house and saw Kelly's cat Trey and nearly burst into hysterical tears. She was like: "Oh...he looks just like ______" (insert random dead cat's name here). It was sad, but she talked about it incessantly and it left me wondering...if you put your cat to sleep this morning, why are you in NYC auditioning to be the next urlLink American Pop Idol when you seem like all you want to do is be at home crying? Guess you gotta do whatever it takes to be a star. So, I hung out with them for a bit and then tried to get some sleep. Not nearly enough. I am beat. So tired that my body hurts and my head feels fuzzy. I don't think that I have had a moments silence since last Tuesday when Paul came in to the city. Must sleep. On Wednesday night, I am heading to Boston to take care of Paul. He is having major surgery tomorrow night and he is going to be lying on his back for about a week. I am going so that I can cook him meals, watch movies with him, and change the dressing on his wound. Nast. But someone's got to do it. Barf-a-ria. Time to go stare blankly at my computer screen for an hour.

 Thank God it is Friday. I just wish that I had a moment to breathe this weekend, but that ain't gonna happen. I think that when Monday night comes, I will collapse and die for a day or two. It has been a fucking mad house lately. I don't remember the last time I had a clear head or a full night's rest. Seems like days ago. Paul being here is a wonderful thing, but for some reason I am having a bit of a hard time relaxing around him. I have clenched stomach and anxiety like you wouldn't believe. It will come and go, but it isn't relaxing whatsoever. I don't want him to leave, but I want to just find a way to calm down. I don't know. It's weird. Yesterday after work, Paul met me and we went down to Chelsea to go to Happy Hour at the XL Lounge . It was one of the most beautiful bars I have ever been in. It was amazing. From the architecture and video screens to the gigantic aquarium by the most private and comfortable bathrooms, I felt like I was in gay heaven. It was wonderful and I definitley can't wait to go back. Plus...during happy hour, it was two for one drinks. On everything! Andrew drank dirty martinis and I drank stoli vanilla. And each round was 7 bucks. Great times. Great times. After that, we took a walk to Chelsea piers and looked at the boats, the Jersey skyline, and smoked a quick J. We were laughing our fucking asses off. It was great. After this adventure, we ended up at this bar/lounge called Open . It was this really cute little bar on 16th street and 12th, or something very close to that. I think the place was new because the empolyees didn't seem to know the business very well. But they were sweethearts and ended up giving us half our drinks for free. What a night! Paul got a salmon plate and I almost puked. It was raw salmon, served like pate'. It came with little pieces of toast and a rammy-kin of sour cream. He loved it. I couldn't even watch him put it in his mouth. Good times. Good times. By the time he finished his Sangria and Toasted Almond, we got in a cab and headed home. I didn't have much to drink at all last night. That's strange. I just wasn't in the mood. When Paul and I got home, we had hot sex again! We were going to just try to go to sleep, but I couldn't keep my hands off of him. So...I got my way and he loved it. I suck a mean dick. We talked and laughed all night. Because of this, I really don't understand why I would feel so anxious around him these days. We are having a blast! I am sure it has something to do with us not talking at all for the month before the visit...but hmph. Optimistically, I am looking at this strange turn of events as no big deal. I will be with him from Wednesday night to Sunday night. I am sure we will settle in again by then. We better...cuz I will be taking care of him as though he were my little baby. Tonight Jessica rolls into town. Gonna be some fun and exhaustion headed our way. Mariah will be here on Sunday. Just got to get to Monday. Just gotta. Just.... {{ack}}

 Alright Joe. Quit playing with it now. You are going to fuck it up again! I CANT BELIEVE SHE FIXED IT. You would have died laughing if you saw what had happened. Then you would have seen my tears strolling down my face and the laughter would have stopped. Now if I can just figure out a way to make my body of text stop eating my guestbook, I should be all set.

 You have no idea the chaos that just ensued. I figured out how to make things scroll. But...as I did it, I published and found that my ENTIRE webpage started to scroll. THE ENTIRE THING! I tried everything that I could think of to fix it. Once I realized that the page was fucked up forever...Penelope notices an extra "a" in the html code. She removes it and the whole page went back to normal. WHAT IS SHE? A GENIUS??? I can't believe it. I should never be allowed to play around with code. But Penelope, now that girl...she's a prodigy! Thank you P! Thank you from the bottom of my incompetent soul!

 THIS PAGE IS SHUT DOWN UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE!

 stop it

 please lord make it go away

 stop scrolling

 OMIGOD! WHAT HAVE I DONE NOW??? ROFL! THE BOTTOM HALF OF THIS PAGE WONT STOP SCROLLING! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! LOLOLOLOLOL HELP MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE

 oops

 Please notice that I have fucked up my blogger once again. The text is creeping now. It is trying to eat my guest book. Great. I try to add one cool thing and end up fucking up the entire page. Of course! Please stay tuned. Eventually the guest book will be fully devoured, but there could be some fun new changes on this site. Here is a small taste....and I give full credit to P for teaching me a new script. urlLink Penelope's Blog

 Well, hello! Paul came in a day early yesterday. He calls me on the phone at like 4:30pm and says: "I don't think that I will be coming to visit anymore. My manager got fired and I need to stay to help make the transition go more smoothly." Feeling my life crumble before me, I packed up and got ready to leave work. I was pretty disappointed. When I walked out the front door, there was my studly liar of a boyfriend waiting for me. Man! He is just so adorable. I mean, does he always have to upset me just to make me happy again? This pattern of him calling and saying that he isn't coming, but then coming has to stop at some point. But if it means that I will get him for an extra day each time, then please Paul...hurt my feelings everyday! We went grocery shopping when I got home. Then we made a GIGANTOR taco salad. We ate, laughed, watched Single White Female and went to bed at a decent hour for once. Well, 1am is not a decent hour for someone who was hungover all day yesterday. But I do feel much better today. He is meeting me after work today to go to a nice dinner and then on to some drinks. I have already given him the warning that we will need to be home at a NORMAL time tonight. No 2-3am evening. I think he understood, but we will see... He looks good, by the way. He is getting some nice pecs on him. I was very turned on by him yesterday. So turned on in fact, that I started to get the butterflies pretty intensely and couldn't even lay next to him at first. But then we had some amazing hook-up sex. No penetration still folks. But it was great. It was hot. Some bad news...Paul informed me that, next Tuesday, he will be going to the hospital for emergency spine surgery. He has a polynoital cyst at the base of his spine, tailbone region. About 6 years ago, he had the first cyst removed, but since then, the hole at his lower back has opened up drastically and the new abcess that has formed is about double the size. It bleeds, it is very painful, and it needs to be taken care of right away. There are a few complications with the surgery and I am pretty nervous about the whole thing. He tries to be tough about it, but we spoke last night pretty in-depthly about it and I can tell how scared he really is. Unfortunately, once the surgery is over, it will be about a week before he can do the simple things again. Simple things means refraining from standing, walking, sitting on the toilet, taking a shower, any sort of physical exercise. I am leaving work next Wednesday at 5pm to go to Boston. He needs me there to take care of him and I wouldn't have it any other way. He is mine and he deserves my love and attention. Poor kid. It couldn't have happened at a better time though. I have already cleared the time off with my boss. He has been so incredible lately. He agreed to take the time I use from my "sick" days and not from my vacation time. That's pretty great. I have about 15 days of sick time built up and only about a week and a half of vacation time left. Not only has he cleared the time for me, but he has done it in the way that benefits me most. Phew. I guess that's the biggest shit I got going right now. It is already 10:35am. The day is flying so far. Please let that keep up!

 So...what is my problem? I spend the entire day hung over and then I go to lunch with my boss and end up having 3 glasses of wine. Am I serious? Now I am drunk again! How does this happen? Ironically, having some of "the hair of the dog that bit me" has turned out to make me feel 100 times better. I guess the old adage is true. From now on folks...if you are really hung over and can find some way to down a couple more glasses of booze...you will feel worlds better! It was a great lunch. We just talked about some work shit, waxed philosophic, and ate and drank. I love my boss. He is really great. He is easy to talk to and I just feel comfortable opening up to him. It is weird...I dread these lunches so much and then once I am there...it always turns out so great! I just don't know. Am I a pessimistic bitch deep down? I try to act as though I am a full optimist, but I guess not. Today has turned out to be pretty cool. Almost time to go home and go to bed.

 OMIGOD. I am dying. After a night of craziness and booze, I sit here barely able to keep my eyes open. What happened? I meant to go out and have a simple, inexpensive dinner. Next thing I know, and $120 later, I am home in bed at 1am. Or something like that. I don't even fully remember. I was very drunk. Usually I don't get hungover. And actually I don't have your typical hangover symptoms. No headache, just a little nausea at this point. But the "over" part of the word hangover is definitely how I feel. I am just done. I am not pulling out of the fog any time soon. Most times, I am usually fine by like 11am or 12pm. But today...oh man...I just can't wait to get home and go to bed. And I mean real bed. No staying up to watch movies or to putt around. Just time to get naked and get in bed. And the best part about going to bed early is that when I wake up...PAUL WILL BE COMING! I feel like I have waited for this moment for a lifetime. And it is almost here! I just had a moment of complete and utter love for him. Udder. That shit is sick. Last night at the bar, I was chilling with Angie, Kelly, Rita, and Angie's roommate fuck face. Remember how I was dreading seeing fuck face? Well, because he was so cool and relaxed last night, he will now be given a real name. His name from this point on will be Jennifer. Hey. It's a step. If I hang with him again and it is just as cool, he will be given a more respectable name. But for now, Jennifer seems like the appropriate way to go. He was great last night. He was cool, comfortable, and he even looked good for once. I enjoyed being in his presence and that was kind of a shock. Angie was adorable last night. I think she had a really nice time. It felt so good to be her friend and to be there supporting her. She loved the present that Paul and I got her. Her smile glowed last night and it warmed my heart. I just love her. Kelly was in a great mood last night too. It is so rare that she gets to let go and not be in rehearsal or memorizing lines or going to class or going to work or etc etc etc. I can't remember the last time that the 5 of us all hang out. I don't think it has happened since like January. Gosh. I really enjoyed myself. BUT...at the end of the night...Rita and I had a major argument explosion. I sit here and literally LOL right now thinking back on it. We were like screaming at eachother with no regard to anyone else in the bar. It's funny how anger can totally eliminate any sort of self-conciousness. At the peak of our screaming match, Rita gets up, grabs her shit, and bolts from the bar. I immediately grab my shit, say goodbye, and then run out of the bar after her. There was no way I was going to let her go home alone, in the state of mind that she was in. So picture this...Rita doing her DAMNDEST to run away from me....me changing directions every time she did and trying MY damndest to catch up with her. Then the funniest part is that she is yelling at me, I am calling her names like: "Stupid fucking bitch", "dumb idiot", we are screaming at eachother so loud that the people on the street think that I am kicking the shit out of her. Rita told me that at one point some guy gave her a sly look that said: "should I help you in this situation?" OH MAN! Were we really those people last night??? When we finally got in the cab, we had some time to cool down. I held onto her like she was my little baby. A cry baby! SIKE! After we got home, we immediately went into my room to discuss what happened. Of course I am not going to get into the details of the argument, that is unimportant. What I will say is that all of this drama was based on a simple comment that was misinterpreted on Sunday. For two days, we stewed over a low flame. I think we both thought that it was squashed. Then the next thing we realize, shit just came POURING out! How random. I felt like she and I were in a relationship. What with me running down the street after her and all of the extreme emotions that came out. It was all very romantic. I just hope Angie didn't feel put out at all. I don't see why she would, but I just hope she didn't. So now...here I sit, quietly suffering. Thanks to Kelly for remembering the name "Selma Blair". She is so good! I think I may be starting to feel better now. For real??? I just love my immune system. Saves my alcoholic ass every time.

 So...random disgusting moment of the day... I typed in www.blogger.com in the address box of Internet Explorer. Unfortunately for me, I forgot the period and typed wwwblogger.com instead. What popped up was the most horrifying thing I have ever seen. It was an abortion site. I couldn't believe the main page and quickly tried to cancel out of it. When I typed in www.blogger.com in the address box of the abortion webpage, another abortion page popped up and there was a picture of a black baby that was aborted and tossed in the dumpster. It's arms, legs, and body were chopped off and the top of the skull was fully disconnected and smashed. I about threw up and burst into tears. OMIGOD. I suggest you do NOT forget the period in your web addresses folks. What may pop up will scare you for the rest of your life. SO! In other news...well, i guess there isn't any real other news. I was going to just wax-philosophic in here, but instead, i sit here trying desperately to get the image of little black babies murdered out of my head. DAMN that shit was sick. I got a couple slices of pizza for dinner. Imagining tonight to be a very low key, lay in bed kind of evening. I got some shit to do and luckily feel so much better. Otherwise, no shit would get done. Honestly, I can't guarantee that shit will get done anyway. Rita was just washing her face and accidently sucked a drop of soap into her nose. Then she went to blow out the soap drop and a huge bubble emerged from her nose. HAHAHAHAHA. I just wish I was in the bathroom to see it. Alright dawgs....that is going to be it for today. HOW EXCITING was my blogger today? On a scale of 1-10, I would probably give it a 2.5 and the only reason it gets that good of a rating, is cuz of aborted black babies and random soap bubbles. The end.

 Shit day. The weather is not fun. Everyone I know is either stuffed up or walking around with an excruciating sinus headache. I woke up today and felt like my head was in a vice. I came in about 2 hours late. I just needed that extra sleep. And it truly helped. The idea of staying home all day was blasting in my head, but since I will probably take off Friday, I had to try to drag my ass into the building today. I am glad I came. Makes it easier to bail later in the week. What else what else? I had such an incredible weekend. My parents came in to town on Saturday. My granny came with them to see my apartment and to catch a mid-afternoon viewing of The Producers on Broadway. I was dreading seeing the show and then was unexpectedly suprised to find out that the show is just about the best. There actually IS a reason why this show won almost all the Tony's this year. It is done in traditional musical style, but the humor is never ending, cutting edge, and totally hysterical. The play focuses on gay/Jewish themes. Not Gay-Jewish. But Gay and Jewish. Man. It was just so impressive. It is so hard to explain. But if you miss this show...you are missing a great one! Saturday night I hung out with Penelope until like 1am. Then I went home and hung out with Kelly until about 3am. Then Angie came over and I hung out with her until about 6am. It was a great night, but damn...who was I kidding? I was up for almost 24 hours on Saturday. It's great to have those nights once in awhile. There is a really hot student in the office today. He isn't really my type, but I can't stop sweating him. Tomorrow is Angie's birthday. We will be taking her out to dinner and unfortunately, her roommate fuck face will have to be present. I just have to suck it up and be as nice as I can. I just hope he acts normal and not like a little prissy bitch. Eh. He will be a bitch. But it will be tolerable. Paul will be coming into town on Thursday and staying until Saturday morning. FINALLY! It seems like it has been such a long stretch since the last visit. Just about 4 weeks. We have gone longer, but this time...we have barely talked. I hate when that happens. Whenever we go through these stints, seeing eachther again, after such a long time, is fucking weird. It's like we don't even know eachother anymore. So, I am excited, but also anxious as well. My mom was amazing this weekend. Just want to say again how much she and my dad mean to me. I couldn't ask for a better family. I really wished they lived just a bit closer so that I could see them more. :( Penelope is home with a horrible neck ache. She came in this morning, but she pulled something. Poor thing. I don't think there is much worse than having a neck problem. One time, when I was in 7th grade, I got a stiff neck from sleeping wrong. The entire left side of my neck was rock solid and crooked for about 2 weeks. It was the worst pain. And I looked like I needed a V-8! Remember those commercials? Well, it was exactly what I looked like. So poor P. She is home and in pain. :( Fucking can't wait to leave work today. Every time the phone rings, I consider answering it fuck off. That prolly wouldn't go over too well. I saw the movie K-PAX last night. If you are looking for a shit movie, with a shit concept, and shit shock value...go rent this right away. Kevin Spacey was fine in it. Nothing special. But even he couldn't have pulled off such a weak film. Why did he do it anyway? Alright...Talk soon folks!

 urlLink Which John Cusack Are You? To be honest, the only John Cusack I would prefer to be would be a dead one.

 So I just took the test. (insert humiliated face here) I am losing my skills. I thought the test was pretty easy...HOWEVER...it had the exact words on it that I have the hardest time spelling. I am good with most words. Even if I have never heard it...but you give me some of the age old common words and I will fuck it up consistently. The other day Rita says to me: "Joe, spell the word discusting". I immediately burst out laughing, cuz discusting is one of those words that I believe I know how to spell, but also believe that I get it wrong every time. I have been spelling it wrong for years. Discusting is actually spelled DisGusting. Hmmm. I am not good with the "definitely's", the "absolutely's", the "ly's" that may or may not have that "e" before it. But either way...I won my 5th grade spelling bee. And I moved to the next round. It is one of my best personal stories. Remind me to tell you sometime. One funny part of the story is...when I won the 5th grade bee...my parents got me a present. Anything that I wanted. Of course I got the dinner of my life and a movie or something. But the one thing I WANTED was "The Babysitter's Club issue 9, I think. It was called Dawn and the Haunted House . And my parents didn't know that I was from homo-city. So imagine my suprise when I took the spelling test and this is what I saw: Not bad. But you probably won't win the big spelling bee.You got 10/15 correct. I got some brushing up to do before our big home spelling bee!

 As you may know...or some of you may not know...I am obsessed with grammar. But I get a boner over spelling and learning the meaning of new words. So to my delight...on MSN today there was this link: http://encarta.msn.com/quiz/quiz.asp?quizid=36 If you don't feel like copy/pasting, go to my links section and click it there. I am about to go test myself, but I wanted to come here first to share it with my little spelling students. Let's have a spelling bee one day! That would be just about the most fun!

 So here I sit. I am blaring Vanessa Carlton and Stevie Wonder at the highest level of volume and screaming along with the lyrics. Rita and Kelly are having drinks at Jake's Dilemma. What an interesting name for a bar. Cuz what IS Jake's Dilemma? I suppose alcoholism. At this moment Mary J. is singing about that drama in her life. But she says "No more!" Hope she was able to really leave it behind. like I give a fuck. Mary J. seems like a really troubled person. Like she has had her fill of garbage. I have this respect for her and I don't even know that much about her. She seems tough, but she seems scarred to me. Maybe she carries her hurt with her as a reminder. She does say "another lesson learned". What a classy lady. I was so exhausted today at work. I went into some weird blur at one point...I wasn't tired necessarily (even though I only got about 4 hours of sleep), my body was just done. I have been exercising (am I serious about that spelling)(wait...is it right?)(I am going fucking crazy) heavily lately and my legs are so sore. Each step is excruciating. But I know it is worth it and I have to keep it up. So Jessica will NOT be visiting this weekend. What a trial this was! It is such a long story and I really don't have the energy in me to get into it. She will most likely be coming next weekend. Much better idea. MUCH. What this means though is definitely no trip to Boston next weekend. I guess that is for the best. Makes my stomach hurt when I even think about Paul at this point. Alright...must sign off. Too mellow for this bloggle tonight.

 WHAT UP??? Ironically, it is 10:50pm and I just walked in the door from Penelope's house. Um? I used to go over there and spend like 2 hours and bolt and now I just can't leave. We had an awesome time. We played the ever so popular "question game" and we laughed, smoked, drank, whatever. It is very rare that I think I overstay my welcome. If I run into a situation where I want to stay, but feel I should leave, I will ask over and over "I should go. Right?". But Penelope seemed to enjoy me staying so I did. In fact, when her brother Ethan started dying of hunger, I felt like she still wanted me to stay. We just had so much fun. It was chill. It was cool. It was exactly what I needed today. I had a good time. Scratch that. I had a wonderful time. Bitch need to get an air conditioner though. SO KIDDING! Kelly and I lived in a no air conditioner house during the worst weeks of the summer and we felt awful when visitors came. But to be honest...fuck the visitors...who cares what they think! You got to LIVE in that sauna. Who gives a shit what visitors feel when they come down...they get to go home later! So yeah... I had such an amazing time. We talked about movies, actors/actresses, Dawson's Creek, V, damn...I went over there feeling like shit. Cuz I HADN'T shit all day...and then I dumped the minute I got there and life just got better. Did I really just say that? Did I really just say "And then I dumped the minute I got there"? Someone remind me that I am gay and that I have more class than that. I thought that I might run into Kelly tonight. She was supposed to be home around 11pm and it is about that time now. I figured she would shit herself if she saw me up and milling about at the wee hours of the morning. (10:30pm) So...big weekend coming up. Jessica will be here on Friday. I am excited and curious at the same time. We have never had Ryan AND Jessica for a visit since we moved to NYC. Never has happened. It is going to be interesting. Kelly doesn't know Ryan very well...and Penelope don't know either of them at all...but they will both see how Creepsville this whole situation is. Ryan is hard to explain. He gives you the creeps, but you can't EXACTLY pin point why. He will hit on you, cuz that is just his way. Don't matter if you are gay or straight, black or blue, Jewish or Hindu, the kid will make you feel as though when he says: "How are you?", you hear: "May I eat your cunt?". It's all very bizarre, but it will ring true if you meet him. Side note... The cab I took home smelled like curry diarehea. I don't remember how to spell diarehhea. It really smelled like that. BADLY. Then at some points, I smelled an exceptional amount of fart mixed in with the curry. My Deduction----- This cab driver ate a curry dinner at the beginning of his shift. When I jumped in, he was at the brink of bursting into horrible bouts of cramps and intestinal chaos. I smelled his dinner and his aftermath in the air...and I was horrified. The worst part about it.... I sit here typing and smell it on my clothes. DO I HAVE TO TAKE A FUCKING SHOWER NOW? Bullshit! man i stink. So, Jessica coming is a big event. She is a great visitor. We will laugh, we will talk, and it will remind Rita and I of the old days. And I think we are due. The exceptionally strange part of it is that Jessica never mentioned calling Stacey while she was here. I guess that friendship is done. I just heard the door slam. Is Kelly home???? I think so... I wait in anticipation to shock the shit out of her that I am awake still..... Waiting..... waiting.................. still think I might hear her........ Nope, I don't think it is her. Anyhoodle...I wonder if anyone will go this far down in today's entry and read all this. Once you get past the first scrolldown, I find that people give up on you. That's ok. Cuz deepdown, writing in this journal gives me this crazy sense of purpose. It's like a project and even when I don't want to do it, I do. I feel like I should commit to it or nothing. I am sure, someday soon, I will lose it. And once I lose it, it's done. Somewhat like what Rita did. Except that I will leave my page up to represent the legacy that was Joe CuttheShit. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA yeah. So Edward is coming to visit in May. UM?!?!?!? Motha fuckers....please sit me down before his visit and ask me how important it is that his and my time go well. Edward is my unrequited love. I loved. He was straight. But we made out. We slept in the same bed together, me holding him in my arms. He is first and foremost a friend. But...he is the only guy that I have ever questioned Paul for. There was Ian...but that was flingish. Stupid sex. And not worth it by any means. Edward...he is someone I fell for. Someone, that in SOME ways, I obsessed over. Why? He is not my type. He is straight and he is exactly what I am NOT looking for in a future "husband". There are two people in my life that I will always wonder about....or at least at this point in my life always wonder about... Edward is one...and there is another. The other is even more dangerous. It is somebody that, if it worked, would change the entire person I call Joe CuttheShit. But Edward is someone that I always wonder about a lot more frequently. One time, Rita and I went to this psychic. It could have been better, but we all found ourselves finding out something that has stuck with us forever. Or at least I did. The psychic said that, since I was a Cancer and I love hard, I will have three major loves in my life. Oh...and that I will be successful in my chosen career. But don't those bitches always say that? So three loves.... The first love, I question,....in my mind, it was always BJ. I thought he was the guy that I would spend the rest of my life with. There was nothing that could ever change the bond that he and I had. It was the first all consuming love experience that I have ever had. And now...we don't speak at all. And it wasn't a relationship by any justifiable terms. So was he my first? I think probably. I fell for him hard. So it counts, right? Paul is the second. Paul, like BJ, is NOTHING that I EVER thought I would fall for. But I did. And once again, hard. But different hard. So different. I remember Kelly and I sitting in the parking lot of the Guilderland Library and me sobbing to her that I needed him. That something inside of me needed to be with HIM. Kelly, having experienced me not like any guy I dated, and always breaking up with EVERYONE, was the person who gave me my geared me towards a relationship with Paul. We changed our weekend plans of going to NYC that weekend and ended up going back to Boston so that I could figure things out with Paul. Man. She has done some incredible things for me. Things that no one has ever done. She has EARNED a place in my heart that could never and WILL never be forgotten or filled. Kelly believes in me and always has. She brought me to Paul, thus bringing in my second love. SO! LONG TANGENT short....or still kind of long...do I have a third left? Is Paul my life partner? Is he my final man? I feel like it could work itself out so that the answer is yes, but....I still feel something missing. Will my third combine body AND soul? Not so much body, but a physical something that I would die for? I feel like that is one of the biggest things holding Paul and I back. I just don't get as excited over him as I want to be. SUPRISE FOLKS! I am not a virgin just because I am trying to make it special....he won't let go completely with me. THAT holds up back from crossing over into the anal. WOW. So...there is all this shit. I find myself dwelling and dwelling unecessarily about it 300 times a day. I try not to overdue it with my close peeps, cuz who wants to hear that shit all the time? But some days are definitely harder than others. Last week, life was fucking grand and all things seemed hunky dory. (I fucking hate hunky dory as a saying) But this week...all REALLY GREAT...but the Paul problems are becoming increasingly harder to bear. I said last week that he and I haved moved to another level. We have. But now there are different problems to face. And above it all...I just keep loving him more. It is so scary not to be able to just stop it. I am so used to playing the game and getting what I want. I always get what I want. :( But when it counts, when it is Paul and my whole relationship, I don't get anything that I want. It is a lesson I have to learn and live with every day. I HATE LONG DISTANCE to begin with. I always told myself "NO!. That could never work." And her I am. Having it work, but having it be the hardest thing that I have ever done in my entire life. Paul and I spent 6 months living in the same area. 6 FUCKING MONTHS! That's it! We have been together 2 years and 3 months. And we are still kicking. I try to be proud. But I have never known a whole week, a full 7 days, of the feeling "I have a boyfriend that I love." I have had long weekends. I have had 6 days in a row. Once or twice before. But I don't know what it is like to get sick of my boyfriend. I don't know what it is like to want him "to go out with his friends and me go out with my friends". It chokes me up. I had much higher expectations for this. And after 2 years, the arguement is still:"When are you going to move near me?" Deep down I truly want him to do what he wants. I respect every decision he makes because I truly respect him. Paul is someone that I look up to and want to be. He is my perfect balance. He is good at things that I am bad at and vice versa. We fit like a puzzle. Because I believe this so truly that I have stayed with him this long, I really wonder what it would be like for us to be together full time. Would it work? Could it work? Are we a REAL couple? Or are we just a fantasy that we have been trying so desparately to live? If he actually moved here, would I still love him just the same? Gosh. The question that breaks my head open. I just don't know. I don't push him into moving. I whine, like a bitch sometimes, but I don't put any pressure on him. Maybe I have a couple times...but it hasn't been an issue anyway. But deep down...I am dying. If Mariah moves and he has a bad roommate, I can't go visit. Especially if he has to work one of the nights. And if he visits me and Mariah in NYC at the same time...I can't handle that. It will really hurt. I will never make it a problem, but it will crush me. So all of this...and you know what??? fucking enough. This has been a wonderfully introspective evening. The weather makes me so happy I want to cry. Thank G-d for Penelope. (Look...I left out the "O" for you so that you wouldn't have to bury this entry.) I hope everyone feels good. Peayce.

 Adios!

 So full of poop right now! I can't go. I need to go. Can someone come over and press my on my stomach so that I can go? Going would be good. I would do anything to go. HELP ME HELP MYSELF GO!

 I cant wait to leave!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 11 minutes until I go home!

 12 minutes until I get to go home!

 THEY HAVE A QUIZ FOR THIS SHIT????? LOL...I can't believe it! urlLink You are not very reliable but people like you anyway because you are so easygoing and fun to be with. And cute, too. urlLink Which Blogging Tool Are You?

 urlLink urlLink Make an Ass of Yourself. quiz by urlLink Sol Yeah I am.

 Hello folks! Today is so warm and beautiful! I LVOE it so much! Unfortunately, the sun has gone behind the clouds and now I don't think I am going to get much color today. Fuck! I was really looking forward to baking my skin to death. I spoke with Mariah today. YAY! It was a great talk. She is hastily making preparations to move here June 1! Oh man...I can't WAIT to see her on a regular basis. She said some interesting things, but the most important thing she said was: "Paul is looking for a new roommate". He has posted his ad on the internet and has really only heard back from these two scary Asian boys. And as we all know...Asians eat their own puke. He doesn't want to live with either of these guys, so he is still on the hunt. Also, Mariah told me that if Paul doesn't find a roommate in time, he is going to have to move. Maybe even to Alston, Massachussettes. Now, for those of you who don't know Boston very well, Alston is about 20 minutes from the HEART of the city. It is where Kelly and I lived when we first moved there. It's a fine area, but right now he lives in one of the best and most expensive parts of the whole city. Moving to Alston from Downtown Boston is like living in Manhattan and then moving to Queens. It sucks! I said to her: "If Paul is going to move to Alston, why wouldn't he just move to NYC?" I know he loves Boston, but the thing he loves the most is his apartment. I can't make an arguement good enough for him to move out of his current apartment, but I could DEFINITELY make quite an arguement for him to move out of Alston. I hate this shit. Why won't the kid just fucking move already??? What does he have there??? NOTHING! It is the most frustrating and annoying thing that he and I deal with. He called me at work, shortly after I got off the phone with Mariah. I was very brisk with him, as I have been for the past two weeks. NOTE TO BOYFRIEND----I won't be brisk with you if you ever picked up the fucking phone and called me! Douchebag. We spoke for 35 seconds and then I said "Gotta go back to work". He was noticably upset, but whatever. As soon as I got off the phone with him, I sent him the following text message over his phone: "Sorry if I was quick on the phone. You need to call me soon. We have a few things we need to discuss." Of course it is now over an hour later and regardless of the curiousity he must have, it hasn't pushed him into calling me back. Fine. Next weekend, Mariah is coming to NYC! ROCK! I will have to talk to her again to understand who she is coming to visit, the details, etc. I think she may be spending the whole weekend with her friend Rachel. They have MASSIVE amounts of work to do to prepare for Mariah's big move. So I don't know if we will even get a chance to spend much time with her. :( I am fighting the urge I have to go to Boston next weekend. It's just that no matter how frustrated and upset I get with Paul, I still want to be with him and to hold him. ARGH! So I don't know what to do. I don't want to go to Boston if Mariah is here in NYC...cuz that would be just ridiculous! Man...who knows what the hell is going on these days. Rita and I just ran upstairs to sample some food that was leftover from this meeting. The food was DIS-FUCKING-GUSTING! I did steal a soda to bring home though. And it is a STEWARTS BRAND SODA! Memble STEWARTS KELLY? I just love those folks over there. They make some damn good soda and ice cream too. Back in Albany, there is a Stewarts on every corner. They are always brown and in the shape of a little house. However, the one right by my house in Albany is white and shaped like a peanut. Ok...not a peanut...but not a little house either. On lunch today, I am going to fight for a woman's right to fight in combat and also for her right to kill her babies. That way I can be the best feminist around. Really...whatever I can do to improve my score. Die babies. Die. Ever had to shit so bad you could taste it? Ever had to shit so bad you could taste it, but then nothing will come out? I hate it. That is how I feel right now. Maybe I should go try to "Push" for awhile. Peayce.

 urlLink I'm getting there. I don't suck, but I've got a ways to go. OMIGOD! Am I really 60% feminist??? Ridiculous. My gayness is overriding my otherwise perfectly understandable sense of masculinity.

 urlLink Take the "What Kind of Southerner Are You?" Test! Created by urlLink MadShrubbery I mean, obviously I am not from Virginia, but Rita sorta is...so maybe she has rubbed her red-nekkedness off on me. Ewe.

 I just wanted to take a moment and tell both of my girls that I love you so much. My heart explodes with happiness and COMFORTABILITY when I think about how blessed I am to have you both in my life. You have been and will always be my true loves. Thank you.

 I have two major goals for this summer. The first is to obtain, through whatever means necessary, a flat stomach. It is imperative that this happens. I can't believe that it is already April 16th. What have I been doing??? Shoving my face with everything I can get my hands on??? Oh yeah. That is exactly what I have been doing. The second goal is to get a WICKED tan this summer. Darker the better. I have started tanning and now with the beautiful weather, I will be at the park soaking in the rays every single day. I want to be African American. Black, if you will. Last summer, I kind of gave up on the whole "looking good" thing. This summer...I MUST make up for lost time. I guess I have a third goal...but this goal only happens if I accomplish goals one and two. I would LOVE to go to a beach this summer. I haven't been to a beach since like high school. I don't go to pools, the ocean, the lake, or even a pond. I will NOT be going to any sort of beach-esque place unless I have a flat stomach. Not necessarily a 6-pack stomach, although that is ideal. It simply has to be flat. All I want to do is go to a beach, so can I keep up with the damn sit-ups??? I just have to keep reminding myself how wonderful it will be to be a part of the beach community. CRUNCH CRUNCH CRUNCH. (This is me doing crunches at my desk. And if I really do get this flat stomach...I get to buy an actual bathing suit!!!! That is the best part. I know the exact kind of trunks that I want...I just need to look decent in them. I am hoping to have this all together by the beginning of July. I should probably stop eating garbage one of these days too. That would help.

 Two quick quizzes cuz they are funny and cool! Take them to find out what you are! 1) urlLink urlLink Are you a ho? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty 2) urlLink urlLink Which My So-Called Life Character Are You? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty YAY! I am the HOT BOY!

 Blogger...this is your mother....blogger honey, I don't get your entries... A little Rent to start the day...imagine if Rent had a song about Blogger? That would be the lamest thing on the planet. WHAT UP????????????? The weather outside is two things: Frightful and Delightful all at the same time. It feels good to have the sun shining down on my face. The only real downfall to this whole thing is that I stink. Actually the other downfall is that this weather is just the beginning. Soon it will be much hotter, much muggier, and much more stink will exude from my pits. And tits. But I LVOE it and the sun beaming this heavily on me makes me feel good inside. Good and toasty. Roti Boti. The "Roti Boti" is this little hole in the wall Indian (or some shit) restaurant near our house. They have skewers of meat and chicken by the dozens. It usually smells good there, but I don't know if we are fully allowed inside to eat. It is all cultural and shit. Rita promised me that she and I will go there at some point this summer to chow down on this ethnic, greasy, fried food. We want Kelly to come too, but she has to PROMISE to eat a skewer of beef. Hey, give the girl a nice full bodied glass of red wine, and she will eat the skewers by the pound. ROTI BOTI here we come! Another night of not talking to Paul. Yeah, that makes me happy, especially since he had all last night off from work. I called him yesterday during the day and left a message, assuming that he would call me at some point last night....um......nope! So anyway... I just love elipses. I use them always. I guess I don't really have much to say today. Maybe a little bit later.

 HERE IS THE DEAL WITH PAUL--- We got some new problems forming.....oh great~! Things have been going SO well and I hate to say that we are facing some new dilemmas, but it is time to stop pretending like they aren't there.... Here is my story.... Mariah is moving to NYC by June 1st. 1) Because of this, Paul and Mariah have been spending a GREAT deal of time together. So much time in fact, that visits and phone calls to me have been kind of cast aside. 2) When Mariah moves here, Paul has told me that he will be visiting me and Mariah at the same time. Which means...he will spend one night with Me and one night with Mariah. 3) When I call to talk to Paul, it is Mariah this and Mariah that.....he is concerned about his time with her and wants to spend every last waking moment with her before she moves. :( SO...here I sit. Dealing with these specific issues. Now look...I love Paul. I love him so much it makes my heart explode with feelings of insecurity, he makes me sad, angry, and happy all at the same time. And usually all for the same reason. (BTW...one of my boss's who doesn't drink, just walked in and was like: "Who had a drink at work today...I smell it." UM! It was so me. But I lied...and now I chew gum for the rest of the shift) So Paul...uggles. Here is my deal! Paul and I have been living long distance for about a year and a half now. I have been literally begging him to move since I moved and every time he just says simply: "No." Now...see my point...I see Paul about once a month; if that...sometimes its more, but usually its less. I have been lucky over the last couple of months with frequent visits, both on his part and on mine. But it has never been enough...and by far...it has never been too much. If Mariah moves here...and Paul plans to visit both she and I during the same visit, that means one night for her and one night for me. NO FUCKING WAY! I am not about to let my visits with Paul go to one day a month. It actually makes me really angry to think that I would have to sacrifice one of my two days in order for him to see her too. It's not fair. And by any means...it is NOT a relationship. The biggest problem I have had with Paul, since I moved to NYC, is that we don't get enough time together. He has never been one for the phone, so that kills any sort of phone relationship. He refuses to talk over the phone and really...the only honest words he says are when he and I are face to face. He is breaking my heart. I am trying so hard to have a relationship with him, but now he is limiting it once again! I want him to be best friends with Mariah. I want so badly for him to have a person that he can go to to discuss his frustrations, anger, everything. Mariah being this person is PERFECT because she is a good friend of mine as well and has the best, NEUTRAL perspective, on his and my relationship. She understands BOTH sides and can honestly give real advice. HOWEVER...I can not and will not tolerate seeing him half the time I see him now. Ok...stop! I am not going to sit here and act like I am a hard ass; that I will break up with him if I don't have it my way. But it hurts. A lot. To think that he would even think this is normal to come and visit me and to spend half the time with her and not all the time with me. I get so few hours with him as it is. I never wanted a boyfriend that was long distance. NEVER. But unfortunately we don't get to plan these things. If you fall in love...you fall in love. :( I am not going to break up with him. It is the farthest thing from my mind. But I will be honest when I say that it hurts. A lot. To know that I am going to suffer more in this relationship when Mariah moves. If anything, I thought I would benefit from her moving, cuz then maybe he would too! I thought wrong. Paul is obsessed with Mariah. I can accept that. I am obsessed with my girls too. I do not sit on the phone and discuss them to the point of nausea like he does, but I do understand what it is like to feel an attachment to one of your girls. I live this every day...and not to one girl...to like 7. I am sad about this. Is Paul really going to visit me once a month...spend one night with me and one night with Mariah? IF this is the case, he will spend both nights with Mariah. I am sorry sweetheart...but this is killing me. I am not going to compete with my friend for my boyfriend. Not going to do it. NEVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER going to do it. One of the hardest things about this whole situation is that I want to make SURE that I don't give Mariah any shit for this. It is SO not her fault. It is no one's FAULT. It is horrible circumstances. The only solution I can think of to this problem is for him to move here. How else can we fix this? I can't justifiably say to him: "Visit me and only me", but I can't stand the thought that my visits get cut in half because she is moving here. (HUGE SIGH) I know this entry is jumbled. I am a little drunk at work and not making full sense. I also know that I am not being fully honest, cuz I know that there are other eyes reading this. Mariah is one of my best friends...I love you baby. But I don't know what to do about this.... Quite a dilemma.

 OMIGOD! Penelope is fucking amazing! If you are any sort of a person, you definitely know about a little show called Small Wonder . The premise: A little robot girl that lives with a suburban family. Major hijinks ensue. :) Here is a link to all of the Small Wonder your little heart can handle! urlLink Small Wonder

 Don't you hate those weekends that go by so quickly, it is like it never happened in the first place? I mean, don't get me wrong, I love having busy weekends...but the trade off...is really no time to just sit on your ass and do nothing. I truly value my "do nothing" time. Too much so. That is why I am turning into an unmotivated asshole that doesn't even like getting up to go to the bathroom, cuz it's just "too hard". Goodness. My visit with my mom was wonderful. I knew it would be. I showed up at her hotel, in Hicksville, Long Island at 5:50pm on Saturday. I proceeded to sit on a bench and wait for her until 7pm. Then I went to the car and sat and played this little hand held Yahtzee game until 8pm. (The reason I was waiting is because she was shopping and told me that she may be running a few minutes late, but that she would meet me at the front of the hotel. Well, at 8:15pm I go to the front desk of the hotel and ask them if they would just buzz her room so I could leave a message. They say fine. I call and lo and behold my mom answers and is like: "Where are you?" I'm like: "Where are you????" She comes to the lobby and we both hysterically laugh over the fact that I have been waiting for 2 hours worrying my ass off. I asked her: "Why didn't you just come to the lobby and check to see if I was here and lost or something." She goes: "I was watching a movie." LORD! So, we went and got gyros...then we had some wine together and smoked a bowl. She didn't want to smoke in the room at first, but me and my whily ways talked her into it in 10 minutes flat. We talked for hours and finally settled in to watch "Joyride" at 12:30am. This is now like the 3rd time I have seen this movie. It just gets better every time. WINKLES~~ Talking to my mom was wonderful. My parents are being so supportive about the whole Paul thing. My mom asked me a million questions about him this weekend. She told me a lot of personal stuff. We shared, we laughed, and I just fell in love with her all over again. On Sunday, we went tanning, shopping, had lunch and just talked a whole lot more. She bought me a new outfit for the big dinner coming up at work. She spent an astronomical amount of money on me this weekend. I can't believe her generosity. She is so good to me. GOD>>>>>>>>>>>I just LOVE this woman. She is everything to me. EVERYTHING. The ride home from the Island took me 35 minutes. That included filling the car with gas. UM! The quickest trip ever! It was so easy. Next Saturday, my parents are coming down with my Granny and we are all going to lunch and then on to a performance of urlLink The Producers . I wasn't looking forward to seeing this show at all, but now I kind of am. Being with my family is the best part, but seeing a show, which I can be proud to say I have seen, is a close second. It will probably not be as good with out Matthew or Nathan, but to be honest...they weren't that much of an attraction for me anyway. To be brutally honest...the show seems kind of dumb. But I will report on it next Monday. Rita and I have this friend named Jessica. She is coming to visit this weekend. She kind of invited herself down for the weekend, in usual Jessica fashion. She actually tricked Rita into inviting her. Jessica wrote me about a week ago saying that she desperately needed to come to NYC. She needed to escape from Utica for a weekend and just get away from a lot of things that were going on in her life. She wanted to come down either last weekend or this up-coming one. I said no to both weekends, cuz I knew that I wouldn't be around. "How about May?" I asked her. Next thing I know, she goes to Rita and says: "I DESPERATELY need to get out of Utica. Can I come down for the weekend?" Rita was like: "Sure what is going on????" Rita was rather worried. Jessica goes: "Oh, nothing. Just sick of grading papers and dealing with the kids (in her class)." TRICKY BITCH that one is! Whatever. And she is bringing her boyfriend Ryan, who is a nice guy, but straight out of Creepsville. Rita and I swear that he wants to suck both of our dicks, but who knows... So Jessica will be coming for the weekend. I told Reets that I am kind of excited to see her. Haven't seen the girl since Rockin New Year's Eve. She is fun. We laugh alot and deep down, she is a wonderful girl. Whatever problems Rita and I have with her don't stand up to the fact that Jessica is one of our best peeps from way back. WAY back. Sometimes Rita wants to smack Jessica. Most of the times, I just want to take back the pot that she steals from me. Speaking of which...lordy. I gotta get a bag for when she comes down this weekend. UGH! Can she ever just bring some??? She will bring some, but it will be a nugget the size of a pea and I am sure she will smoke it before she even gets to NYC. But oh yeah...I am really excited to see her. Kelly will be around this weekend, so she will be able to hang too. Kelly and Jessica are friends from way back as well. Jessica is the first person that Kelly got to know in 56B. I remember Kelly and Jessica being something called: "Sugar Twins" or some shit. They were busom buddies for a while. It will be nice for them to see eachother again. I saw Angie yesterday for a bit. She looks great. Her hair looks good, she had some color in her cheeks. It was funny, Rita and I were just about to go rent a movie and we ran into Angie on the porch. In the middle of Rita and Angie's talk, I interupt and say: "Sorry to cut this short, but we gotta go." Angie is like "Doh?...Okay". Rita, being the perfect partner in crime, doesn't question me...she just turns and goes. Once we get down the steps to our house, she turns and realizes why we had to bolt. Coming down the street, with two of his FUGLY friends is Angie's roommate FUCK FACE. It was the first run in that I have really had with him. We didn't say hi or nuttin. We just walked right away and drove to Blockbuster. Well, actually we brought the wrong keys to the car, so we had to wait for FUCK FACE to go back inside and then we had to get the other key. Whoops. It was funny. We have this ACCREDITATION TEAM at work today analyzing our validity as a Jewish Organization. It's more complicated than that...but I can't get into it without fully revealing where I work. In any case, this ACCREDITATION TEAM has to meet with each of us for 15 minutes to discuss our job descriptions. I am DREADING it. Why? It will be totally painless and I know it, but every time I think of it, I get a pang of annoyance in my gut. Gut. Can I not have one anymore? Back to salads and yogurt. :( Just about time for a smoke. PHEW! Not going crazy cuz I need one, but sometimes it just feels real good to burn your throat out some more. And it tastes like corn. Jessica Corn. Last night before going to sleep, I watched Hannibal . Memble Hannible? The sequel to Silence of the Lambs . There were two scenes in it that made me squirm so badly I almost ripped my face off with a piece of glass. Oh no. That is a scene from the movie. BARF. I really sat clutching my face during two parts. The movie, as a whole, aint all that great, but gory as fuck? Yes sir! Julianne Moore, whom I usually love, plays the same character, Clarise Starling, that Jodi Foster played in the original. Umm....memo to Julianne....don't do that again. So see it if you want. Rita and I watched The Amityville Horror before retiring to out respective rooms. We thought Kelly was going to be home and thought it to be a nice family movie...but she had rehearsal late. The movie was so ridiculous at times, but so scary at times too. Watch it to laugh. Oh. And also to cry. I will tell you one thing..."Get OUT!" (You will know if you see it) Alright...peayce! Be back later.

 Hey all. I am SOOO pleased to find out that I am: urlLink Which TRL girl are you? Good morning and fucking great!

 Well, I just woke up and had phone sex. That is always a good start to any Saturday. It's funny, cuz I do the phone sex thing once in awhile...NEVER paying for it...just talking to guys I meet in the appropriate chat rooms....and sometimes it turns out great and sometimes I want to die laughing. Today for example...I met this huge beast of a man. We have some hot cyber chat and then I ask him if he "does phone". He says "Sure". I call him up and the most flaming gay man answers. Not THAT flaming, but too flaming for him to be some world reknowned bodybuilder. In any case, I choke back the laughter and still finish with him. LOLOL. After I was done, I go: "Thanks Mike. See you round". And click off. He was like: "Uh?" Now on with my day... I'm leaving in a couple of hours to go see my mom on Long Island. I have to shower and eat something. I am looking forward to seeing the mother. It should be fun. We will get a chance to talk and tomorrow, she is supposed to take me to the mall to get something to wear for the big dinner coming up at work. I have nothing in my closet tha is even close to acceptable. Well, I could wear a wife beater. I surely have enough of those. The cat has been licking his vagina for like an hour now. ewe. Short entries for the last two days, but I really have nothing to say. I like to check i (do you see how that "n" has a little thing on it? Sometimes when I type on Rita's computer, my fingers must hit some shift button, cuz all these crazy letters come up. Sort of like wingdings, but maybe even hieroglyphics of some sort). It's a beautiful day. This morning I happened to catch a bit of the weather channel and it said that on Wednesday, it is going to be 82 degrees in NYC. 80 fucking 2 degrees in April? Um? That shit is fucked up. Phone's ringing... The African's upstairs are once again destroying their own apartment. What the fuck do they DO up there? I swear, one of these days, one of their little black bodies is going to come crashing through the roof and end up on our kitchen table. Alright...peayce.

 HOLY SHIT! Today is like the busiest day at work. From the moment I walked in it has been absolutely crazy. I only have a couple free minutes, so this is really just a touch base type of entry. TOUCH and BASE. Will definitely write in here this weekend! PEAYCE ALL!

 One more hour until Rita and I get to go home and play on the roof. YAYAYAYAYAY! Having the roof makes the world such a better place. So about an hour ago...I answer the phone and this is the conversation that happens: Me: Shalom Hillel. Mysterious Voice: Yeah...um...I need to speak to As*a Vai**m*n. (I hide her identity to protect her from harm) Me: I can't give you her phone number, but I can transfer you to her extension. MV: Thanks. I transfer him and about 4 minutes later the phone rings again... Me: Shalom Hillel Mysterious Voice: Hi. You just transferred me to an extension that is not for As*a Vasi**m*n. Me: Oh. I transferred you to the number on my contact sheet. I don't know why it didn't work. MV: Why don't you give me the number and I will call her myself. Me: Maybe I should ask who is calling. MV: This is Brian Dennehey. Me: (BRIAN FUCKING DENNEHEY???? UM!!!) Brian: (waiting patiently) Me: Ok...I will give you the number and hold for a minute and I will see if I have a second number. B: Sure. (I rifle through the Columbia Database trying to find this girl's number)(It takes me forever, but I locate it) Me: Hi Brian. The number is: shumma shum shum, shumma shum shum. B: Thanks. Have a great day. Me: You too!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (my heart is all a flutter at this point) -----end scene----- I mean...I have lived in NYC for over a year now and the only famous thing I have seen is the back of Natalie Portman's head. But today I spoke with THE Brian Dennehey. Oh man. Ask Penelope...I was so nervous and really tried to rush off the phone as quick as possible. I don't know what to do in the presence of royalty. He's fucking Willy Lowman from Death of a Salesman for God's sakes. Today has flown by. I am ready to bust out of here. I got a lot of work done today, a lot of play done today, and I had a fucking awesome lunch. Grilled Cz and fries at Tom's Restaurant. You know Tom's right? The outside is the home of the Seinfeld diner. Rita had split pea soup and a bagel. I tried her soup, convinced that I would hate it and I loved it! (The bagel looked pretty exceptional as well) I figure...if I like lentil soup, I must like split pea, huh? Okay...I am so going now. If I reduce these entries to the food consumed by me every day, someone smack me in the mouth and call me a fag.

 Good morning! Well! What a beautiful day, again! Is this for real? Is it going to be summer again before we even know it? Man. At this rate, I am going to be 73 before I even know it. Uggles. I really just want to stop and smell the roses, but the days just meld into one and uggles again. It seems like 12 minutes ago I was dreading starting my first full week of work after the holidays...but now it is THURSDAY! Can you believe it? Time flies when things are going smoothly. Time does NOT fly however, when you are angry, miserable, and alone. Somewhat like a certain boy, I know. Paul is sad. Real sad. I can tell. He hasn't said much to me about it, but I can just tell. I am pretty good with the intuition thing and it's working overtime right now. He doesn't call me really...he doesn't talk about what is bothering him. It's like pulling teeth. However, considering that I am exactly the same way, I have an understanding and a respect for the way he handles it. A respect that most people don't have with me. So it would be totally inappropriate for me to get frustrated or upset with him. I will just try to be as patient as I can be. Penelope has this little candy turtle that she keeps on her desk. She has had it for weeks and we keep thinking that it is going to get stolen or eaten. Penelope has named this turtle "Gums". His name makes me die laughing!!! After every weekend, she and I come in to work and quickly look to see if Gums has been fatally injured or even kidnapped. Yet, he has survived so far. You go Gums! You go. I spoke with my mom last night for a while. She is damn adorable. It's funny how different my relationship is with both of my parents. My dad is a very neutral party in whatever case I present to him. My mom viciously takes my side in everything. I need them both as a balance and I find that it works out quite nicely. For example, when the whole shit went down with my uncles, my dad was pretty level-headed about the whole thing. He said that we were all being oversensitive and shumma shum. But as for my mom (and it's her brother), she said: "Well, your uncles can be little bitches and don't worry about it. They are this and this and this and this." She is easily convinced by me on any topic. Not that she is convinced per se, but always willing and able to take my side in anything. I love that. So we talked last night and I gave her the low down on work, friends, family life, and Paul. She was so funny about everything and by the time I got off the phone with her I felt worlds better about a lot of the little things going on. For the most part, I am in this place of balance and traquility. I explained to her how relaxed and happy I have been lately and she was more excited about that than just about anything I have ever accomplished. Both of my parents, as with most of my friends parents, only want for their children to be happy. My parents went through my "depression" with me. They stood and held my hand during the entire battle. They took me to doctor after doctor, helped set me up with therapists and even assisted me in finding the right medication for myself. So when I tell my parents that I feel "good" these days, they are overjoyed, excited, and I am sure, in some way, relieved. But at what price does happiness come? Is it at the sacrifice of other things? The only worry that I have in my head these days is that things will shift and I will find myself in the same position that I was last week at this time. Not that it was just last week...the last battle was about a year long leading up to last week. There were good days. There were GREAT days. But I just feel different now, better. And I know it's not permanent or forever...but I will take this experience and appreciate it for as long as I can. And hopefully, above everything else, I will learn from it, so that next time I might be better equipped at digging myself out of the hole that I often fall into. Guess time will tell.... So...another day! Sun shining, people smiling, good feeling day! Take a deep breath and jump in.

 So tonight...Rita and I came home. Well, usually we DO come home, but tonight was just a little bit different. We took a cab home cuz we were feeling care-free and fancy-free. We arrived at the house at 5:45pm, after having the most interesting cab ride of our lives. It was just so thought provoking and intriguing that even Rita and I couldn't find a way to fully discuss it. When we got home, we decided to have a glass of wine on our porch. She was waiting for her parents to call and I was waiting for her....well...er...parents to call! So, we get our glasses of wine, play with the baby for a minute and walk calmly, but steadily to the porch. (calmly, but steadily...adjectives that are totally unnecessary at this point of the story). We walk to the front of the house, laughing and talking VERY LOUDLY when I open the first door. I then go to open the second, and last door, when I look out the window and see Angie's roommate FUCK FACE sitting on the front steps. I froze in my tracks. I mean...WHAT? We had just gotten home like 8 minutes earlier. Where the fuck did fuck face come from? Fuck, fuck and fuck! So I spin on my axle and look at her with the fear. Fear of DEATH that is. I say "go". I say "go". If you were here right now, you would understand how "I say 'go'" is funny. You would. I say it to myself and I laugh. I'm actually still laughing. Still...even now still. Okay I have stopped. Rita and I immediately high-tail it back to the apartment and once inside I say: "It's FUCK FACE! He is on the stairs!" We pass a look of horror and then invent "the point" of my whole story.....(elipses) Having to decide where to drink our glass of wine, I say: "Come with me." Rita follows me into my room, onto my bed, and out of my window. Outside the window is a miniature roof, 2 feet off the ground. No bigger than me laying down. And a little wider, but that is only cuz I am halfway to fat ass at this point. We sit on the "roof". As we begin to smoke our cigarettes and drink our wine, Rita and I both stop to realize that we have just discovered our new hang-out. Now this is a big deal... Rita and I became BFF when I moved into 56B Liberty Street. The place that changed both Rita and my life forever. Ask Kelly about it...she is the only person I have left in my life that understands 56B. Within 56B were 6 people. (And you know what folks...at this point, I am using real names for minor characters. I can't keep this shit straight in my head anymore). Stacey, Jessica, Nina, Erica, Amy, and Joe. In no particular order. The 5 of them lived in the house a whole year before, but in my place was a girl names Terri. (A girl who lives in NYC presently, but none of us talk to on a regular basis...maybe Erica and Stacey, but thats bullshit) I REPLACED Terri. End of story. Debate it all you want...and boy some of these girls will...I replaced Terri. Okay...that was an unnecessary tangent and now I laugh at myself. Okay laughing................................................... done. Us 6 were unique and compatible. There was always a fight going on between someone, but with 6 people it always worked out. There was always "somewhere to go". But the ONE PLACE. The ONLY place where we could all go and be serene was our roof. The 56B roof was a good 8-9 feet off the ground; 13 at its' hightest point. Cuz it sloped, you see. Sloped upwards. So you always felt like you were falling off. (I am laughing again. But this time...nostalgically.) On the roof, the 6 of us (and it was dangerous for 6, usually 12 people on the roof, but we did it) just sat and drank our beers, smoked our butts and just fucking bullshitted. It was perfect. It was the reason you moved into 56B. At some point, I will get into each of these 5 girls and explain why they are perfect; why each of them has flaws and perfection wrapped into themselves. Good people. Very good. So when Rita and I realized that we were sitting on the roof and that it just felt "good", I, for one remembered all the aforementioned. Wow. As much as the memories are important and, at this time of my life, so wonderful, I see, for this moment, a new place for the future to take hold. I see Kelly, Rita and I sitting on the roof this summer and just being. I see us talking...laughing...sharing...letting go with eachother. It is our . How much fun??? And when certain people come over, we can invite them to the roof. "Hey", we'll say, "You seem like a cool person. Have ya been to the roof?" I just can't wait. So tonight ends well. I feel so relaxed, so calm, so...real. Is it the calm before the storm? They say that and it's creepy to think that. But...great! Now that I have thought it.....the sounds of crickets outside and the warm spring breeze blowing through the window onto my face is bugging me out!!!! or maybe it's the pot. whatever....it's always the pot. So I guess that is it. Wanted to share something that made a difference in my day today. Right now Rita is seeing her parents. (Big sigh) I am just really excited for her. The bullshit that she went through to get to this point just adds up to an even more incredible experience. ****Realized tonight that this is no longer a journal. This has become a way of communicating with each and every one of the people in my life without ever telling them face forward. ******Not what I wanted this to be. *********Not what I intended it to be. ************Hungry now. ****************MMMM.....hot dogs..... So you see... I just look back and read what I have written in the past, because in some way...it's my mini-portfolio. Not marketable in any way, but my personal portfolio. (And if you really believe that I don't think this shit is marketable, you are lost) (WINKLES!!!) I saw the actual progression from me writing a "journal" type entry to me just writing about and for people I know. I am suprised anyone not connected to the 4 people in my life even read me. They just see that I am gay and then they think: "Oh....well gay...he must be a slut...I will write him a discusting and crude email!" Great idea. But overall, it's my way of communicating with my 4 closest. 5 if you count Edward...but are we counting Edward at this point? I guess that is it. I still have to do my "Real World" recap from last night's episode, but that will have to wait until I am at work and getting paid to write it. Member when people said "Peace in the middle East" as like a saying? I remember it from college or highschool, but I never said it, so I don't know it's true origin. It was synonymous with "Catch ya Later" and "See ya around". Well now awadays....Peace in the Middle East, huh? Weird. Alright guys. Girls. Whoever happens to read this entry. I wrote a lot today so who knows if anyone will get this far. Rita is with her parents. Kelly is at class. Penelope is at an interview. wow. What a day. What a week. Man. What an experience. I wouldn't trade any of it for a second. Peace in the middle east y'all.

 People don't turn people gay. guns do. By Rita

 I was just talking to Paul and he asked me how my week is going. I told him "fine" and then I stopped for a moment. It's more than "fine". It is calm and wonderful. Monday started out like shit for a number of reasons, but yesterday was better and today is just MAHvelous. It has been a beautiful week weather wise, work hasn't been too bad, and as Mary J. Blige would sing: "No more drama in my life." I have been in contact with quite a few friends, my family, and even those that I had separated from for one reason or another. I feel happy. I feel alive. I feel good. Unfortunately, Paul is not doing so good. He is lonely without his Mariah already and she doesn't even move for another month. He also went on and on about how without Mariah, he feels like he really has nothing. I left him, she is leaving him, it's a tough situation. How do I say "Come here and be with me" any other way than I have already? I hate feeling so good when he feels so bad. He deserves better than that. I can give him better than that. Uggles. In any case, Rita and I are going to lunch soon. Probably at The West End. She has got to be chomping at the bits to see her parents tonight! So exciting!!! She and I had a wonderful talk last night (not that all talks aren't wonderful) and I think that is contributing to how calm I feel right now. Even when she has other shit going on, she has time for me and that is so important.

 When I was first thinking about moving to NYC, I was under one definite misconception. In Manhattan, not necessarily Queens, I was sure that there were going to be beautiful people on every corner. Everyone would be wearing the best clothes, have the best style, and they would all be HOTT! However, this is completely false. Not only are most people nasty, but the city stinks of poo alot. And on top of that, I see more homeless men/women then I see Wall Street Bankers. True, I work nowhere near the Stock Market, so that could account for the minimal number of bankers I see, but still! Where are my Abercrombie and Fitch models? Where are my celebrities? Where are my high profile lawyers? Do they even exist? I know they are here somewhere, but hells if I can meet one. The one thing I didn't count on was how much I was going to love living here. I have lived in very few, but more than 5 places in my life. I have never felt the pride that I feel when I say I live in NEW YORK CITY. There is a definite community here. There is a reason why tourists swarm the city. I have lived in New York State my whole life. Never anywhere else. But until the last year and a half, I have never felt like a true New Yorker. I do now. I am one. I guess I have always been one, but now I feel like I understand what it means. It's one thing to say it. It's another thing to boast it. But to really feel it...now that is something special. I feel it very strongly. I don't think that I am one of these people that will spend my life in the big city. I definitely have the need to be in California. But for the time being, I am so happy where I am. I wouldn't trade this up for anything in the world. It is harder to live here and that sucks sometimes. Overall, the city is very expensive. My commute to work is no less than an hour. I deal with obnoxious people every single day. And doing little things like my laundry or grocery shopping is more of a hassle than it is worth it. But deep down I love it. I have already adapted to it and now I am starting to really enjoy it. It only took me a year to get to this point. Not so bad. There is a real community here. I feel safe on the subways, safe on the streets, safe in most bars, just really quite safe in whatever I do. I feel protected. I feel independent. And I feel more confident than I have ever felt before in my life. I do believe that the city is not for everyone. Honestly, I don't think the city is right for some of my closest friends. People have different needs and personalities. Not everyone is going to adapt in the same way. But in either case, there is FUN to be had. There is always something to do. The city never sleeps. True, I would prefer having enough money to be comfortable AND to still have a blast...but you can't have it all. So I prefer having a blast. In my opinion, September 11th didn't create New Yorkers. New Yorkers were always New Yorkers. But after the disaster, the world woke up to the true definition of what a New Yorker is. Most people (me included) believed that NY'ers were rude, angry, and only in it for personal achievement and satisfaction. I was so very wrong. The people here are definitely aggressive. They are absolutely here for personal happiness. They are real. They are blunt. And they are allowing me to become exactly like them. To become exactly what I have always wanted to be. I am by nature the kind of person that doesn't want to step on people's toes. Ever. I try to be as nice as I can. Hurting someone's feelings hurts mine in turn. In fact, up until a couple of months ago, I had a real problem being honest with the people close in my life. I was just too afraid to stand up for ME. I don't like to fight. I have never been someone who enjoys arguing and I am still not the type of person that will get into a heated debate with someone over anything based on opinion. As far as I am concerned, you can believe you are right as long as I don't have to agree with you. NYC is making me stronger. It is making it so that I have a voice. I am no longer afraid to tell the people in the subway to "fuck off". I can call my family and friends now and not beg for forgiveness for things I really didn't do. I am not scared to get into an arguement with my friends because I know that we will be friends forever. If Penelope and I have a fight at work, she and I can simply walk away and I know it will be fine. Having a friend means never having to kiss their ass. And I know this now. NYC has opened up my eyes and mind. Being a guy that is always ruled by my heart, it was very difficult to tell anyone in my life that they were screwing up. Most importantly, I have realized that I am here in this city for me and me alone. I am here to be an actor. I am here to grow and to learn. It is like the education that you never get in college. The education of how to be a strong, capable adult. It feels wonderful to know that I am only responsible for me. It feels so good that I can see the growth. At 25, I am in a different place than I was at 24, and at 26...25 will seem like childhood. The one good thing about getting older is the wisdom that goes along with it. NYC is growing me up in a way that no other city has. I am becoming strong and self-sufficient. And above all this, I am happier than I have ever been in my life. Last night I spoke on the phone with my dad for almost 2 1/2 hours. I meant to only call him and catch up with him and the next thing I know we are talking about everything from work to every personal relationship that I have. Gosh. The wisdom this man has just blows my mind. He believes in me and takes my side without being petty. He supports me unconditionally and he gives me confidence in my decisions. He is my father and my friend and somehow has managed to find a balance at that. I asked him the following question: "How did you know...I mean really KNOW that you were in love with mom? How did you know that marriage was the next step?" We spoke on this topic for a good hour. I went into the conversation thinking one thing and was relieved when I walked out of it thinking another. He and my mom have been married 26 years, so they must be doing something right. I hope to follow in his same path. And maybe with Paul.... My dad and I talked about marriage, about children, and about Paul fitting into all of this. WOW. It was pretty intense. But it was perfect. I wouldn't have changed any part of the conversation. He invited Paul and I to spend a weekend with them at my house in Albany. He also invited us to Cape Cod in August and to Provincetown in November. He invited US. Just US. I can't believe it. The effort he is making is astronomical. Paul and I will definitely be doing one of these visits, if not all of them. I want and need them to get to know he and I, as a couple, away from my friends and my brother. I want them to see why he and I work; why after all the heartache that Paul and I have been through, things are better now than they ever have been. Being in love isn't just springtime and hearts. There's definitely a little shit thrown in there too. But you know you are meant to be if you can deal with the shit and still find that love. Not just deal with it. If you can accept it and move forward because of it. Even more than that. If you can accept it as partly your fault and know that their are things that you need to do to make it all better. After the last time that Paul and I broke up, I cried for days. I missed him. I was angry at him and said that I needed to be treated better. I believed that I deserved more and that he was destroying me as a person. I am so glad that my maturity stepped in and that I realized that a relationship is a two-way street. Nothing more, nothing less. I could have never took my step down and Paul and I never would be where we are today. The last 4 months with him have been better than the 2 years before it. I would have missed out on him growing as well. I am so glad that I didn't make this mistake. And now, my parents fully want a part of him and above everything else, that makes me feel the best. I AM IN LOVE and I am happy. God. I never thought those words would ever be in the same sentence. And they are. And it is honest. And what a relief. This entry has gone in a million directions today. I have been typing it for hours it seems. I do think they are all correlated and together they make the full picture. Here is my thesis statement: Family, friends, and boyfriend, do not make you the person you want to be. They can assist in guiding you down the right path, but the responsibility of growing up and accepting the consequences of your actions is all your own.

 Feel free to see if you are a dumb idiot. I scored a 7. But Bill Gates scored a 3, so I guess I will be the ugliest, but most smartest man alive some day. urlLink Intelligence Test

 Absolutely true. (Wokka Wokka)

 So the FUNNIEST and COOLEST thing happened this afternoon. I went out to have a quick cigarette. Well, actually I had two. Sick bitch that I am. I come back up to my office and Penelope is on the phone and Rita is going ballistic. Okay, not so ballistic. More like FUCKING INSANE! SIKE! Anyway...there is this big hullabaloo about Penelope and the phone call she is fielding. Rita goes: "Penelope is talking to Brian Dennehey". I am like, "SHUT THE FUCK UP RITA!" Ok, never. But of course I never believed that Brian was really on the phone. Eventually Penelope gets off the phone and sure enough...it was THE Brian Dennehey. You see, he was calling us to try to book our Klezmer Band. There is a whole big story behind it, but really the only important part is that because Mr. Dennehey called here, I am now famous. By association. I knew it was just around the corner. I just didn't realize how quickly I was going to turn that corner. So, if you be looking for me, check with Brian Dennehey's secretary. She will tell you where we are.

 Well that was quick. I caught up with my work real fast today. I mean, let's not get our hopes up. I am sure that 37 projects will find their way to my desk by noon, but at least for now I am free. Sorta hungry. But must wait until lunch. I find that my stomach can hold about 17 pounds of food these days. I can sit and eat a 3 course meal and still walk away with hunger pangs. What is the deal? I must have stretched my stums so big that now I can have a baby. And really that is all I ever wanted. A baby that I can use to clean my room, wash my clothes, and give me massages. Oh the life of having a baby. Oh yes folks...tonight is The Real World. Oh yes. Tonight, Chris the fag pinches Kara on her love handles and she bugs. He is a stupid fuck. I will kill his alcoholic ass if he tells anyone that they are "shameful" tonight. Hmmmm...........still hungry. Cept now I gotta piss too. This weekend, I am going to spend the night in Long Island with my motha. No my real motha. Not my motha fucka. He will be in Boston this weekend. Alone. My mom is on business for all of this week. This will be the third time I have visited her during her stay on the Island. We always do the same thing. Saturday night, we will drink some wine together and talk. Then we usually watch a movie and eat some food. This time the movie will be "Joyride", I think. I know she will love it. Last year we watched "Requiem for a Dream" and she LVOED it. I hope she lvoes "Joyride" as well. On Sunday, she makes me trek my ass to TJ MAXX and buys me some clothes. She just loves TJ MAXX. I kind of hate it and I usually end up only getting clothes for work. Sometimes you can find something cool, but most of the time it is tapered pants with pleats. Secretly I think she only invites me so that she has someone to make the 3 mile walk with. Last year we got so lost on the walk that it took about 2 hours to get back to the hotel. It was excruciating. But being with my mom is one of my absolute favorite things to do in the world, so it was totally worth it. I am actually really excited to spend some time with just her. She and I haven't chilled together in a while and I miss it. Tonight I have to call my dad and Mariah. With my mom being away on business, my dad gets real lonely and that is when I try to give him a ring. I really need to talk to Mariah as well. She has some major shit going down and I couldn't reach her last night. Only a month and a half until she lives here!!!!!!!!!!! I FUCKING CAN'T WAIT! I plan to be at her and Rachel's apartment all the time. It is going to seriously rock. And besides having her in the city, I am going to have some new friends!!! At this point I have about 4. I mean, of course I know people, but not like I know Mariah. And with Mariah comes a slew of really wonderful people that I have had the pleasure of spending some time with. They are all great and I just adore them. So yeah...very excited. When I went to the bathroom mirror this morning, I noticed a new present that God gave me. A huge red lump on the side of my face. What?? How did this happen? I mean, sometimes you go to bed and wake up beautiful. But more often than not, you wake up to discover new craters and volcano's on your face. I am almost 25. I need the acne to go away now please. Well, I also need my man body to come soon too. So maybe I am essentially just waiting for puberty to end. That's normal. Most people are still going through puberty at 25. Definitely. SOOOOOOOOOO....Rita's parents are coming in from Germany tomorrow for a visit! Yikes! She is so overwhelmed and thrilled to see them. All of these emotions at once. And to be honest, Rita likes it smooth. Not really with curve balls thrown in. And this week, she has been presented with quite a few sliders. Or curve balls. Or dummies. Is there a dummy pitch? I think there is. Unfortunately, because Rita's parents think that she lives in the slums (WINKLES!), they will not be staying in our house. I was really counting on seeing them, at least for dinner, but hey...do I complain? They are here from Germany. If they wanted me dressed in drag, I would probably do it. Just so their trip could be that much more special. But something tells me her ARMY COLONEL father wouldn't be having me in a dress. Unless it was cut real low. Rita...good luck and I really am brimming with excitement for you. Make the best of it. And bring a LouisVille Slugger with you. You know what for. And if you don't, I will tell you later. Kelly is having this party for her theater troupe on Friday. It is supposed to be $8 all you can drink. I am very heavely debating going. It should be a good time and it will be nice to hang with her and Angie for a bit. It's really the only exciting plans I have all weekend, so I kind of am excited. I prolly won't know anyone and end up letting someone do me in the bathroom just so I can make friends. It happens. I don't know if I have mentioned this already or not, but I am currently juggling between two books Miss Penelope gave me. One is Naked by David Sedaris. The other is GlamourPuss by mmmmmmmmm.......glamourpuss. I love them both. Obviously I love the David Sedaris book more cuz he is my homegirl. But Glamourpuss has sex and acting and drama and I just love it. It is a trashy novel, but so enjoyable for that reason. I never juggle two books at once. It drives me crazy. However, the Sedaris book consists of short stories that go chapter by chapter. And the Glamspuss isn't all that "heavy" of a book, so I can really pick it up right where I left off. It's just great. If I were you, I would buy a David Sedaris book ASAP. If you are trashy gay male, which I know some of you are...I would check out Glamourpuss. The end. I am definitely rambling today. Sometimes it feels good to just free flow, you know? Sometimes it also feels good to make dough, hey Joe. Other times it is nice to go slow, cuz rut row! That was a rhyme written by Scooby Doo. So hungry at this ponit. And almost time for a smoke. When am I going to quit? Hopefully never. I just sat here staring at my computer screen for a full two minutes. Just sitting and staring. It was weird. I think I am going to go have my cigarrette and ponder why I am so weird. YOU'RE WEIRD!

 I just received my site meter report and we is over 1,000! In fact, we is at 1,256!!!! YAY! It's the first millenium-esque anything that my blogger has known. My blogger is very happy. And I am very happy for him. Keep coming folks! Help me help my bloggle.

 I am so glad that today is today and that today is not yesterday. I am going to do everything in my power to make this new day go smoothly. It is beautiful outside. So warm and inviting. I got a great nights sleep and now I feel ready to tackle yet another long ass work day. My goal: to remain as carefree as possible over the next few weeks. Just take some deep breaths, relax, think and act only on positive thoughts. Shit was starting to really crumble around me recently and I hated it. No more. AHHHHHHHHH.......let it go, let it go. Alright, got some shits to do, but I will surely be back!

 What a fucking rollercoaster today has been. MAN ALIVE! It's kind of like a 360 (insert degree sign here) circle. Like I said earlier today...I woke up in this great mood! Then I go to work and my life falls apart. Then I come home...(dramatic pause)...and life gets better again! Shit. Days like today confuse the fuck out of me, but at the same time remind me that nothing is impossible. Angie and I met up tonight in order to exchange the car key. THE INFAMOUS CAR KEY! (sorry, i am feeling exceptionally ridiculous right now) When she came, she brought a bowl, Not your ordinary ball you prudes...a bowl of gangia. I called it a "peace offering". And I guess...to be honest...we smoked the "Peace Pipe" and it actually worked. ROFLROFLROFLROFLROFL. enough. She was very honest and suddenly I was in this "I am patient and understand all my wrong doings" phase. I listened and then she listened. We discussed and we squashed it. That is how we do it in these parts folks...we discuss and we squash it. We did, however, discuss one Miss "Fuck Face" roommate. I explained to Angie the following: Me: Listen Angie...this is tough. I don't know how to work around avoiding fuck face while still trying to visit you in your apartment. Angie: Joe, understand that I want you to be honest and just tell me why you feel this way and what you want. J: (relieved that I can finally let go about this issue with her) Ange baby....(okay I did NOT say "Ange baby")...Fuck face and I have given it a shot. I have never felt comfortable around him and I do believe that he provides a very negative energy to any group that I am in. I think that he and I are like 'oil and water' and that we are just not meant to be friends. (I then proceed to apologize to HER for what happened a couple of weeks ago at the doorbell)(I explain that I was a) being obnoxious by causing the whole problem and b) trying to protect one of my girls from fuck face's wrath.)(Okay, no more parentheses)(how does one spell parantheses?)(anyway)(lol)(snicker snicker) enough. A: I fully agree. Fuck face feels the same way and he understands that he isn't welcome down in your apartment. He would rather just be cool if you see him and leave it at that. J: Amazing. That is exactly what I want. No little talk. No shumma shum. Nothing. You stay in your hole I stay in mind. (obviously I said much more than that....but either way I was relieved) I think if Fuck face understands that you and I are trying to buildup our separate friendship that everything will be fine. A: Me too. ----end scene---- Everything else was water under the bridge. I do need to make a much more conserted effort to spend time with Angie. She has, and always will be, one of the most special people in my life. In some ways, my relationship with her suffered due to a lot of other things that I got goin. I let it slip and that wasn't right. I accept it. I think that once she and I get our act together with this whole thing, Angie and I can really go the distance on this friendship thing. It is hard for me to say that considering the fact that I am one of the first people to close the door in your face. God...Cancers...can you live with em? Cuz I KNOW you ain't livin without em!!!! So Kelly...two things: 1) Thank you for being neutral on this whole issue. You played it like a genius and I whole-heartedly trust going into this thing with Angie with your full support. I know the support was always there...but the issue in my head wasn't so clear. Now it is and I thank you for being so chill. And understanding. 2) You got the brunt of my shit today didn't you? I know I really let go on you. It wasn't completely appropriate and for that I am sorry. Being a best friend isn't always peaches and roses, huh? I still meant a lot of what I said, but I think that a talk is definitely in need; just to keep everything up to date and whole. Whether you realize it or not, you and I (us, if you will) are in a great place right now. We are evolving and we are changing. Something we never expected, but have been long over due for. Maybe we aren't changing so much individually...maybe the drastic change is within us. Just something I have been thinking about... NOW FOR ALL OF YOU....sorry that none of this entry is something you want to read. I wrote it for my main bloggers: Penelope, Rita,Kelly, Mariah. Everyone else is either going to have to just understand or not read. I am thinking that the entry is so far down that no one will be interested enough to see this. Listen girls, I love you all. On different levels. But so deep on each of these levels. Thank you all for handling me today the way you did. Each one of you: (my blog flavorites) had an encounter or a few encounters with me where I just plain sucked. However deep it was for you...I am thorry. (said with the "th") You know I am not this asshole for real...sometimes I just get crazy. That you know. All of you. So that's it. I feel better right now. It's the first time all day that I feel like shit isn't completely falling apart. I will go to bed better. Rita is home and we are going on the stoop to have a smoke. Maybe chill out for a lil' bit. Thanks all. You are the reason why I am here.

 Gosh. The headache that I have right now can be easily summed up with one word...TENSION! I don't know what happened today. When I woke up I was in the best mood and in some ways felt as though I could conquer the world. Then the day took over. I spent a good hour intensely discussing some issues with Kelly. Needless to say the conversation really didn't go all that well. I do think we were both able to get some shit off our chest and I do think that we came to some sort of conclusion. Things aren't finished yet, but for the time being they are. (sigh of relief) As for Angie...uggles. I am closing my eyes right now and making this all go away. That is the end of that. As for the money problems, I close my eyes to you too! Just took some Excedrin. Thank the Lord for Excedrin. After getting off the phone with Kelly, Paul and Mariah called me and somehow knew that I just needed to hear their voices. It was refreshing and actually, at one point, almost made me cry. Just too much all at once, I guess. Paul is so incredibly wonderful to me. I have opened up to him so much more in the past couple of months....(since our re-gettogether). He has listened to me scream, yell, cry, bitch, die inside and he has taken most of it with grace and style. Of course he drives me up the wall, cuz who don't these days? But on the majority of issues, he has been damn near perfect. Sometimes I wish I could just really explain how much he means to me. It is so hard. I say "I love you" and "Thank you" and all the polite things that go along with being a boyfriend. But a lot of times I feel like it doesn't express how deeply he has affected me. I think that he and I have moved to the next level in our relationship. I am having little desire to go out and meet someone new. I very rarely am worried about the definition of our relationship and I find myself with that "missing him" pit in my stomach just about every day. It's not the pit that keeps one in bed, but a pit that is a constant nagging irritation that makes me want to always have him by my side. Is it possible that Paul is my ONE? Anything is possible. For right now, he is definitely my one. He allows me freedom, choice, independence, and in a lot of ways provides me with a happiness that I can't get anywhere else. Thank you Paul. You are a good boy and if I ever figure out a way to show you how truly special you are to me, I will. Mariah, you ain't bad either! In about 10 minutes I get to go home and decompress. Maybe drink a glass of wine and settle in for a good movie. Just something quiet/something peaceful. In my most irresponsible way, I am going to let all of today go. I am done. No more frustration. Only patience. No more anger. Just kindness. And if anything goes in a direction that I don't want to go in...I will just calmly and respectfully turn my back and walk away. It is the way it has to be for me right now. It is selfish and it is probably not the "right" thing to do. But it is my life and this is the only way I see fit. If anyone feels hurt or disappointed in me for this...please understand that it is not you. It's not personal and it's not your fault. "Everybody needs a little time away..." as Chicago so beautifully sang.

 So, it's been awhile huh? That is an understatement when I stop to respond to all of the nasty emails I got from you people's. Look, I was just taking some time off! (WINKLES!) If I haven't written back to you yet, hold up, I will. Gosh, there is so much to cover, I don't know where to start. I guess I should begin with venting...since right now I feel like I am going to rip someone's face off. You know? I just hate having my feathers ruffled so early in the morning. But it does happen and then I get all crazy inside like I wanna kill someone. There were a total of 3 things that drove me up the fucking wall this morning... I will explain one of them. Kelly has this ex-girlfriend named Angie. Now, Angie and I have been friends for a VERY long time. Years...but after she and Kelly broke up, things got a little more complicated. It was and still is very hard to find the balance to our friendship. Now, to make things even that much more complicated...she lives with this horrible shit of a guy that I just don't get along with. So, to make a very long story very short...she and I are trying to figure out how to see eachother and hang out while avoiding any of the drama that goes on in our house. She lives upstairs, I live downstairs. Now, the point at which I got driven up the wall was when I came in this morning and AGAIN I got a somewhat nasty email from Angie explaining that it is basically my duty to visit her in her apartment regardless of my feelings about her roommate. I tried to be polite in my last reply to her, saying that I didn't feel comfortable in her place and that she really should just try to make an effort to come down to our apartment. She didn't like this idea so much. So, I had to write her AGAIN today and somehow try to squash the pure annoyance that is coursing through my veins. I just don't think she understands...I just plain refuse to be in the same place as him. He is not allowed in my apartment and I don't think that it is appropriate for me to be in his. End of story. If Kelly or Rita wanted this fuck to come down to our place for any reason, then they would be more than fair in making this request. But I just can't do it and I won't be around if he is. So my dilemma is...how do I get this point across to her without her being made to feel responsible. I don't know. That was the first thing.... After that, the day just seemed to tumble downward into a nasty spiral...work blows, I have no money this week, I have a lot of shit to do, and I miss Paul terribly. The last few weeks were really pretty great. Lots of days off. Lots of time for sleep and movies and food. I thoroughly enjoyed myself. The highlight of it all had to be the trip to Boston and the visit with Paul over Easter. He was so generous and sweet. As he has been for a good long while. The only problem with it is that I miss him more now than I have in the last couple of months. I also know that I am not going to have a weekend to go to Boston until the end of April and that kind of gets me down. Just got to push forward until that....maybe he can come soon? Overall, I have been in great spirits these days. I feel very independent and strong. I have been taking good care of myself, getting a little exercise, not masturbating too much, etc. I have been doing some writing of my own and it feels good just to get it out on paper. I am trying to work through a couple minor issues I got goin and doing some private journaling is helping me figure it all out. Hey, it's what it is there for, right? GOD! IF DORIS THE FUCK DON'T SHUT UP TODAY, I am going to KILL HER! What else? Kelly is almost done with her cigarette smoking habit. Wednesday is her first day of fresh lungs and good smelling clothes. Rita and I, being the lovely housemates we are, are assisting in converting our apartment to inhabit only non-smokers. Well, at least the common living space. Fuck if I don't get to smoke in my own room. It will be kind of funny, actually. I picture two things: 1) Every time I open my bedroom door, a cloud of smoke will follow me out of my room, somewhat in the style of pigpen from Charlie Brown. I will reek of smoke while everyone else smells pwetty. My breath will be stank and my fingers will be yellow. I suppose I have always had these attributes, but now that our house will be spring fresh, it will be just a little more obvious that I am a smoker. 2) It will be funny that if we do decide to drink in the house or to eat dinner or watch a movie (pretty much every activity that involves remaining in the room other than my bedroom), I am going to have to get up every half hour or so to go to my dinge hole and smoke a butt. LOL. I mean really. I am going to get more exercise smoking now then I ever have before. I guess that's the ropes. Plus, Rita doesn't smoke in her room. So will she be going outside to smoke every cigarette? She can come in my room and have a butt once in awhile. But surely not every smoke. That would make my room just filthy! So this is going to be a trip. I am real excited for Kelly. I have nothing but love and support for her endeavor. It is true that quitting smoking really starts to get hard once you have done it for awhile. But I do have faith in her to keep it up. And if she just so happens to pick up the habit again, I will be ready to start puffing in that living room like nothing ever changed. If you haven't, see the movie "Joyride". Rita and I watched it last week and it was excellent. There are so many suspense movies out there and are just not worth it. This one is. Find the time. Also, if you are bored, please feel free to perform this little experiment: This is a toll-free call to Cigna... Dial 1-800-564-8982 Press 2 Press 5228 I laughed. You will laugh. Your mom will laugh. If not, she don't know what funny is. I just found a pimple forming on my forehead. Great. Perfect way for the day to continue. So, I have this admirer...if you check my guestbook, you will see the entry. I think I know who it is, but I definitely could be wrong. I have been emailing some of my readers and a couple of you have said that you didn't write it. I still have one possible shot at figuring out who this sketch ball is....if it ain't you...I am going to be real excited. Cuz maybe it's an agent asking to promote me. But just in a very creative way. Tomorrow is a new episode of "The Real World". Like I have been saying, if you haven't tuned in yet, be sure to catch an all Real World marathon. MTV plays it just about every weekend and you will love. The people are great. There is only one I hate on the whole show. His name would be Chris the fag. He is a piece of shit. Don't listen to a word he says and if he tries to tell you that you are "shameful" or "wrong in the way you want to live your life". Tell him to fuck off and offer him a drink. He thinks he's a recovering alcoholic. But really, he's just gay. I split my lip the other day and every time I smile it re-splits. Picture me with blood running down my chin at this very moment. It looks kind of goth and hot. Yesterday was a good day. I got sufficient sleep, watched a movie in bed, relaxed for a bit and then crawled out of my room at like 4pm. I haven't had one of those days in awhile. Even on days off I am usually awake by noon the latest. No matter what time I went to bed the night before. After getting up, I cleaned the bathroom, cleaned my body, sang for a bit, and ate a wonderful meal prepared by one Miss Rita. The biscuits were just about the best thing that has past through my mouth since the holidays. I ate 5, I think. Then after that, off to my room to do some more writing and tv watching. It was so good. I felt so rejuvenated this morning and then of course! Shit hole job makes everything fall apart in a matter of minutes. Fucking shit hole job. curse you. Tonight, I am planning on making a nice dinner, doing a little more writing, working on a monologue, and hopefully being in bed before it's too late. I went to sleep much after 2:30am. So maybe this evening I will try to get a sensible night's rest. Okay, I have so much more to say, but it is going to have to wait a bit. I have so much shit to catch up on. Jigga...what's my motha fuckin name? Jigga.

 So Edward sent me this cute link today. He is dirty and I love it. urlLink dirty and ridiculous Enjoy!

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO IAN! But I haven't given him access to this page, so he will never know I said that. Only 27 minutes until another mini-break. I fucking LOVE this place. I will make sure to write over the next couple of days. I am just too busy to get anything out right now. Tonight is BEIGE! Rock out. Good looking boys, fun atmosphere, and I will be there with some friends. As Gilbert and Sullivan wrote: "Who could ask for anything more?"

 APRIL FOOLS! (or is it?)

 Did you know that my dick is actually only 2 inches big? I have never wanted to tell anyone about it, cuz I am pretty embarassed. Paul has always kept my secret. So has my ex-something or other Brandon Jay. But here is the truth....it is tiny!

 Just want to say one more thing: Paul told me over and over this week how much he "truly loves me". He very rarely said it first in the past. And now he is saying it all the time. I can see it in his eyes, feel it in his touch. He gives me everything I could ever ask for and more. You know, I hate those people that gush and gush about their boyfriend. Especially when I went through my period of not having one. But it is so hard not to gush when after 2 years and some odd months, we can just fall deeper and deeper in love. He is the one person that I really never get sick of. He makes me laugh. He makes me feel special. He makes me feel smart, important, and safe. I could never have asked for someone better than him. It's such a pure and innocent love. And because of all this, it is so difficult NOT to gush. Rita said to me something that stuck in my head. It was this: "I think you are 'it' for Paul. I think that, given the right circumstances, he could commit to you forever." At first, I was shocked by this. But the more I thought about it, the truth I see in it. Could he really want to settle down with me? I could NEVER do such a thing. Not that it wouldn't work, but because I am way too selfish still to even ponder the idea. It just got me thinking...I am 25. My parents had me when they were 26. So...is this the time when I should be starting to think of these things? When all of my friends are thinking of marriage and babies...is it crazy for me NOT to be thinking of these things? Gosh. I want to be 21 forever. Or even 22 or 23. At 24, things start to get too serious and real for my liking. Oof dah!

 What an amazing five days it has been! I can't believe that it is over already and that I am sitting here at my desk again. I think the only thing getting me through at this point is the fact that I am off from work tomorrow at 1pm - not to come back until 10am on Friday. I just love being Jewish. The visit to Boston was incredible. Rita and I got in around 5:30pm on Wed. and we picked up Paul at the grocery store. That evening, we had a HUGE dinner of filet mignon and Salmon (that Paul prepared so amazingly!) and then boozed and boozed until we finally made it out at around 12am. We danced and drank for about 37 minutes. Paul was showing signs of massive wastedness and I ripped us out of the bar at around 1:15am. He was out of his mind. When we got home, we hung out for a bit and then Paul proved how out of control he was by pulling down his pants and baring cock and balls for the entire apartment. Looking back on it, I have to laugh. But at the time, I was mortified. Is this MY boyfriend acting like this? Goodness. Everyone was cool with it, so I became cool with it. Yikers. Thursday, Mariah left for Colorado and Paul made Rita and I a HUGE feast that we took outside and ate in this little park. I mean HUGE feast. We had steamed broccoli and shrimp and steak sandwiches and brie melts and oh my god I almost exploded. It was adorable; us sitting on this patch of lawn with about 300 pounds of food in front of us. While everyone else was playing soccer, I was asking Rita to pass the steamer full of vegetables. Unbelievable. Rita and I walked around Newbury for a bit and then went home for a brief nap. We were supposed to be at TGIFriday's by 10pm or so to see Paul. BUT...little nap became long nap and we decided to just crash on the couch for shits and giggles. Paul got home around 2:30am and we just went to bed. On friday, the three of us loaded into the car and high tailed it back to NYC. It was a quick drive and I think Paul and I only argued for about half of it. (winkles!) At one point, he was criticizing my driving so bad that all I remember saying over and over was: "Why don't you shut the fuck up?" and "Maybe at this point you will want to shut the fuck up." It was great! (snicker snicker) Paul and I made some dinner when we got in and then took a nap. Damn...the whole week was like naps and food, naps and food. The way I like it! That night, he and I went out to three different places. We started at Barrage, then moved on to Heaven, and ended up at Urge. I had never been to Heaven or Urge before, so that was cool. We drank and laughed and had so much fun. It was good being out with just him. Usually we don't do well in these type of situations, and there were moments when I wanted to punch his face, but all in all, it worked out just great. We came home and stayed up until 6am smokin joints and laughing our asses off. Paul and I did a GREAT DEAL of laughing this week. It was the best part. He has just recently started this new laugh. It is quite infectious and possibly the loudest thing I have ever heard. But I love it. And it makes me feel so good when I am the one to cause the laugh. Saturday, Paul and I went to a steak house for dinner and then got ice cream cones and went down to the water to eat them. It was a beautiful night and we just sat and talked for a bit. It was pretty romantic and nice until Paul told me that he felt like a "gay pervert" for sitting around these kids. So, that pretty much ended that experience. He was asleep by 9:30pm. I fell asleep shortly after midnight and we stayed that way until noon the next day. Totally missing church. I hated myself for that. It was the one thing I wanted to do. But we didn't. Sunday afternoon, Rita, Paul and I went out for drinks and played some cards at the Duplex. We went to this place called "Cajun" in Chelsea first. Never been there before, but it was cute. Duplex actually rocked. How did that happen? We were home by 8:30pm and wasted. It's a good feeling when you don't go to church on Easter Sunday, but you get as drunk as you possibly can. Jesus was very proud of me. This morning Paul left to go back to Boston. It was like having my heart ripped out of my chest and handed to me. I could barely sleep all night and I was wound so tight this morning. Why can't he just move here already? I know it could work and I am doing everything in my power to get his ass here. I just really need him for more than like 48 hours at a time. I am so tired of this hello and goodbye bullshit. Is it ever going to change? He and I are so good for eachother. I was thrilled that Rita was able to see Paul and I in a different setting. She said some pretty great things about him and I felt as though she got to know him and Mariah so much better. He and I are like the perfect balance. And separating from eachother is incredibly difficult. If I can get him here, I will. I just got to. So that is the update of everything I did over the last five days. Obviously there is so much more, but I can't get it all straightened out in my head yet. In other news...Kelly has found not only one, but TWO jobs! UM! I am so happy and impressed. She buckled down and took care of it. Good girl. And the place seems really great. If you would like to see the restaurant that she will be bartending at, go here: urlLink Kelly's new job She starts training tonight, so fingers crossed my friends! I hope she likes it and that she can start making some bones real soon. I guess that is it for now. Can't wait to get back into the swing of things. It will feel right to be here without Paul once I am reminded of the life I have here. It is so easy to forget sometimes.

 HEADSHOTS TODAY AT 3:30pm. YIKES! and YAY! So busy lately...have had ZERO time to write. I will put an entry in here over the weekend. I know you all must be chomping at the bits to hear about my bullshit life. Quick samples: Paul is amazing Mariah is AMAZING I had an incredible time last night moving her in. Long story and will explain later. Paul and I had the most beautiful, most intimate 15 minute hook up in our whole relationship. I came so quick and it was so wonderful. I am very excited to go out partying with them tonight and to be with Paul before he goes back tomorrow morning. I left my house yesterday at 7pm and probably won't be back until Saturday or Sunday. That's nice for a change. Usually I am cooped up inside my jail cell of a bedroom. By my own volition of course. HEADSHOTS TODAY! FUCKING HEADSHOTS! My face will look like this: >:-D Have a great weekend y'all!

 urlLink urlLink What's Your Sexual MO? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty You love to be pampered and romanced by your men and things like cuddling by a fire, having an intimate meal, or having a long, deep conversation can always put you in the mood. Sex to you is usually more about the man your with than the act itself. Not a one-night stand kind of girl, newness and disconnectedness just don't do it for you. The mature, stable men you prefer to date appreciate your loyalty and big heart, but they especially love the way you inspire their more aggressive, protective masculine side.

 TODAY IS THE DAY WHEN MARIAH MOVES TO NYC! Holy shit! I can't believe it. The time flies when you are sitting on your ass doing nothing. She is very nervous, a little excited, and I think, in alot of ways, dreading today. It is so hard to move, especially out of a place as beautiful and fun as Boston. But she will do it with flying colors. I know it. Paul is driving the U-Haul down today. They should be in Brooklyn by 7pm. Amazing! I have been saying that I am not going to go down and see her tonight, but I have to. When I woke up this morning, all I thought was...YAYAY...she is coming today! With Mariah moving into town, I get some more friends! Finally. It won't just be my housemates, Penelope, and Ian anymore. It will be my housemates, Penelope, Ian, Mariah, and RACHEL! Whom I absolutely adore with my whole soul. I just never get to see her. Can you tell I am excited? for friends and for a change of pace. Haven't really talked to Paul in the last couple of days. He has been pretty busy with work, packing up the house, looking for a roommate, etc. He thinks he may have found a roommate actually. From what Paul tells me, his new roommate is a tall, attractive, medical student, gay man. Hmmm..... Right. Anyway...that's exactly what I DIDN'T want him to do, but you can never count on Paul to be sympathetic to anyone's needs, but his own. SO! I am looking forward to seeing his annoying ass though. He has been the most fucking irritating boyfriend lately, but whatever... I can't wait to look at the hole in his back again. (picture me holding the vomit in my mouth at this point) What else... Work has been annoying this week too. It's weird. When we have short weeks, each day is like a psycho fest. I don't understand it. Oh well. At least Friday is tomorrow. AND...we are going to a staff lunch today at 1:30pm and we don't gots to come back to this shit hole! So...YES! I got a lot of sleep last night. Never happens. I slept hard too. When my alarm went off this morning, I felt like I was pulling out of the coma of a lifetime. I did feel refreshed though and maybe the dark circles under my eyes will be slightly less dark for my headshot appointment tomorrow. I am nervous about getting my pictures taken. I am not good with smiling on command. And I get all nervous about making hot sexy faces. Usually when I make any sort of hot/sexy face, the picture comes out with me looking like I have rubber face. RUBBER FACE . Did you ever see that movie? I am sure you didn't. BUT! IF you have...tell me who the lead character is and you will win a surprise. Edward comes next week. Is it wrong for me to be as excited as I am? I hope he looks hot. ;) Soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo....this week Kelly has graduated, Rita has had medical problems starting with her back and ending with her jaundiced eyes and I have had the sinus plugger from hell. What is the deal with our house? SO much going on. I gotta piss....

 and that is all the time I have for today.

 Well hello! Kelly has officially graduated into the world. As her mom sang to her last night at dinner: "No more pencils, no more books, no more teacher's dirty looks." HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA and ROCK!

 CONGRATULATIONS TO KELLY ON HER GRADUATION FROM MARY MOUNT MANHATTEN COLLEGE! Ceremony is tonight at 7:30pm. Dinner is at 9:30pm. Pride fills my heart. I CANT BELIEVE MY GIRL IS ACTUALLY GRADUATING FROM COLLEGE! YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY!

 My gosh the weekend is almost over! Never does it seem like too long! In fact, if I didn't have the day off tomorrow, I would sit here and seriously consider the time warp I had gone through and wonder why it was fucking Sunday at 7:23pm. Pretty bored here. My girls are both gone...............but still! Who would have thought that all this alone time would be a bad thing?? It hasn't been entirely bad. In fact, it has been quite good. I am just ready for it to come to a close. I spent the day yesterday, laying on my ass. I didn't even smoke pot really. A bowl here and there, but mostly I just puttered. I made a new recipe for dinner. It is called "Sour Cream Chicken". My dad brought me this list of recipes during his last visit. I decided to break it out yesterday and give it a try. I made the chicken and this homemade recipe of rice that my mom used to make. The chicken was EXCELLENT. The rice...well...you see, about the rice.... It resides in the garbage can. I am not sure what I did wrong, but whatever it was...OOF! Honestly, I think I just used bad rice. The taste wasn't bad, but no matter what I did...the rice was hard and chalky. And if you have ever had chalky rice...you understand what a HORRIBLE texture of filth you get when you crunch down on each bite. YOWZAHS! Tossed that shit immediately. The chicken was a little dry, but that was only because I let it cook too long. (I was trying desperately to save my rice at that point) But it was good. Here is the recipe if you feel like giving it a try: SOUR CREAM CHICKEN (exactly what is sounds like) 1) Any amount of chicken will do...no matter...I prefer boneless...you should too 2) Coat skinless chicken breast with a thick layer of sour cream (I use fat free...so should you) 3) Coat thoroughly in bread crumbs 4) Place on a baking sheet and cover with aluminum foil 5) Cook in the oven on bake or whatever on 350-400 degrees Fahrenheit for 30 minutes 6) After 30 minutes, remove the foil so that the chicken can fully brown. Keep an eye on it from this point. 7) OH MAN YUM! ***If your chicken turns out a little dry, add another layer of sour cream after it is finished and ROCK! Tasty! So easy and it brightens up an otherwise boring slab of chicken. And that is what I did for all of yesterday. Well, I did have to go to the store to get the ingredients, so I DID in fact get OUT of the house. I also made cookies. Chocolate chip and they turned out so bomb that I have already eaten 8. Good thing I bought the FAMILY PACK, otherwise there would be nothing left. :-D Today I cleaned the house, memorized a song for Rita, and masturbated twice. Now I sit and wait for someone to come home. Tomorrow I just HAVE to work on my room. How could I sit home for 2 full days and not touch it? Easily...it's called LA-motha fucking-ZY! If I didn't have Rita and Kelly coming home to look forward to, my boredness would make me clean my room. So thanks alot Rita and Kelly...you are the reason my room sucks. You're really great friends. I read Penelope's blogger today. It was so wonderful! This is just for Penelope: Saying that I possess "grace" was just about the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me. I beamed from ear to ear after having read your blogger. I had so much fun with you on Friday, always do. I didn't even want to leave! Remember when I kept being like "should I leave...", well thank G-D you said "no". Cuz I wanted to stay! Thank you for the pot, the jokes, the talks...I loved being there and I WILL be back. :-D Penelope's bother Ethan was there when I was there too...and he is just great! I always have interesting talks with the two of them. And he showed me how to do a few more things with this blogger. You the best brotha man. Tonight is HBO'S documentary of 9/11, hosted or something, by Mayor Giulianni. I will not be watching it. I feel good today and want to not feel bad. It will be on again on Tuesday night...I will see if I can tape it then. Supposedly you can actually see people jumping out of buildings. Not my kind of fun on a Sunday night before a day off from work...I would watch it if i didn't want to play so badly when the girls come home. (I am not even going to tell them it is on until after it is over....snicker snicker) I guess that is it. Edward was supposed to call me this weekend and of course he didn't. But I didn't call him either...hahahaha. The story of our lives. I gotta call this kid. He is going to be here in less than 2 weeks. ROCK. In other news...Paul has called 3 times this weekend and I haven't returned any of his calls. NOW who is the asshole? oh yeah....me. :( Hope everyone is having an incredible MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND!

 Here I sit. It is 10:57pm and I just recently got home from Penelope's. Man. I drank a GOOD amount. I am fucked up right now. I said earlier today that I was going to get FUCKED UP and I did. I am seriously drunk. The only reason why any of this is coming across in a coherent manner is because I back track every two seconds and fix the spelling. (No matter how drunk i get I will be the queen of spelling) I had such an awesome time today. I went over to Penelope's on the cross town bus after saying goodbye to Rita at 96th street. She is off for a weekend of intensity. And I miss her. Already. Kelly is working all night so I got home to an empty house. Sometimes that is great. tonight it is shit. I am fucked up and need someone to play with. Paul had called so I returned his call, but of course he doesn't answer. Now I sit here...on the verge of wanting to drink more to keep the momentum going, or to vomit and call it a night. Tough call. it's still pretty early. In other news.... I had a great time tonight. Penelope and I did the TAROT. My first readings with her. In fact, we didn't focus much on the cards themselves at all, but had introspecitve and beautiful conversations ourselves. That is what the TAROT is all about afterall. I do the TAROT. Am I serious? consider me the devil. But we had an amazing time. I was so relaxed. her brother was there as well as her roommate. (stinky roommate). Some laughs, some personal moments, some wine, and a great time for the two of us. I love hanging with her. She is wise. I listened to her alot tonight and I honestly learned alot. there is a wisdom that comes with age and life experience. penelope has definitely earned this. Right now the Indigo Girls is on. I am a lesbo. (moment when I thought I was going to puke) oddly enough it correlates with the indigos.... Okay...for the next couple of minutes, everything I write will be free verse and not corrected for spelling, logic, or grammar.... HERE GOES----------- (stop to take a sip of my wine) (who am i kidding>?) right now the barenaked ladies are playing. it is the song calle dintermint=ently. i am sorot of bored by the whole thing...but I want to type to see how foten i fouck up. wow. sdo you see the problem? do imagien how long it took me type the above and having to correct thw ehoel time. wow. iam a fucking mess. LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL I LOVE YOU >>>>INTERMITTENTLY LLLLY I LOVE YOU@ INTERMITTENLYT I LOVE OU intermittently i lvoe yo love you ....injtermitly...... now sarah harmer plasy gain. rita has this song on the coputer that is so beautfil. i love it. i play it alot. and her voice is so different , real, simple, and perfedct. i just si[pped someting chunkcy in my wine. that is sick dude. i swalloed it whole. typing like this is the most frusttating experience i hav eever had. its not mal to be at home on a friday night at 11:10pm and typnng in this fasxhion to see how drunk you are. it is normal. arent all the cool kids doing it? SNASNASNASNORESVILLE! I guess I will go now. this typing without conciousness gets borin gfast. But it was fun to see how ridiculous I erally can be. Once agein...thank you to penelope for a great night! I miss my reets and kels. time to go suck dick :-() IMAGINE???? BYE (I) wish!

 30 minutes until MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND! I remember when I was younger, this weekend used to be a huge family weekend for picnics, outings, etc. Now that I am older, it is really only a weekend for getting fucked up and sleeping. My how priorities seem to change. Paul just called me at work. It was a very base conversation. I couldn't open up to him at all. I couldn't get past this week. He was fine on the phone. He was joking around with me and being kind of sarcastic. But to be honest, I definitely wasn't in the mood for HIS sarcasm or humor. Everyone else is fine. But his just grates on me today. I miss him and I still feel weird about this week with him. I got off the phone as quickly as I could. He did seem upset that I wanted to get off the phone. At least he feels something. Today after work I am going to get pizza with Rizza and then off to Penelope's where I plan to get as fucked up as possible. It is Friday night afterall. Time to do it up. I haven't been over to her house in a couple of weeks. It has just been so hectic. Rita is leaving for Corning. Kelly has to work most of the weekend. It will be a blissful time of sleeping, eating, cleaning my room, watching movies, sleeping, eating, masturbating, playing on the computer, eating again. Edward is supposed to call too. Fun. Maybe going out for drinks tomorrow and Sunday too. Yikes. My body screams stop...but my need for illusion screams GO.

 I just wanted to say one more thing. Although I didn't talk to Paul again today, this is the conversation we had over his cell phone and my email account: Paul: "I love you and am terrified to call. You sounded so upset and sad last night." Joe: "Big breakdown last night. Sorry for scaring you. It wasnt ur fault. Just wanted to hear ur voice." {{Major delay in text exchange}} Paul: "Do you want to hear my voice?" (I melt in my seat) Joe: "You are the love of my life" Paul: "Ohhhh" And that's it. When I told Rita the story earlier, I left out the part where I say "You are the love of my life", cuz I am so embarrassed that I said that. And this is (quickly) why... After this wonderful little text exchange, Paul still didn't call me. My hysterical tears didn't make him call me last night and it didn't make him call me today. Even though I was really cool with him during the messages. REALLY COOL. When he said to me..."Do you want to hear my voice?", I almost started to cry. (Now YES I am emotional today, but it was just...just...so perfect) He is so damn ignorant, but when he pulls out the big guns and goes for my heart, I surrender every time. He is the only person in my life that makes it impossible for me to hold a grudge. He definitely has the key to my heart. He doesn't even recognize that it is in his hand. But it is. I want him. I want only him. Today. I am so confused by love. And even more so... I am so confused by my love for Paul. But as long as he holds this key...I am his. I can't imagine asking for the key back.

 I am sitting here listening to Blu Cantrell sing about "Hittin em up style". What a fly bitch. Wish she was more than that "one hit wonder". Rita is packing up to leave town tomorrow. Kelly is at the last class of her life. Oh man. What a week. My mom just called me and told me something that totally slipped my mind. I am a self-absorbed asshole. She runs this 3 mile (i think 3 mile...yikes) marathon every year through work. It is called "The Corporate Challenge". There are thousands of runners and it consists of members from the "corporate" world. Kelly knows ALL about this. Her father runs it too. She accompanied me one year. So my mom called and told me that she ran this marathon in 43 minutes. I mean...thats amazing. Her first year doing it she ran the same distance in 48 minutes. This is like her 5th or 6th year doing this. And she has improved! Uh...WHAT? I am so unbelievably proud of her. Oh man...so proud! She even passed and left in the dust two 24 year olds from her office. ROCK! That's MY mother. And the fact that she picked up the phone the minute she walked into the house and called me! She loves me!!! I know this, but it just feels so good. Especially with my mother. I walk around every day with a pit in my stomach thinking that she is just going to randomly die. Don't ask me why...it is crazy. But after my grandmother died...I kind of never got over it and now I fear so desperately that my mother will die of lung cancer the way my gramma did. It's on my mind all the time. It's a problem, I know. So knowing that my mother did so well on this run and that she called me while smoking a cigarette (ugh) just made me feel good. Cuz she feels healthy. And she is happy. And she breaks my heart cuz I just love her so much. That's why I am quitting smoking. For my mother. She will quit if I quit. And if not...then I definitely have the right to be like "Mom, enoughs enough." I wish life were forever and I wish that I could spend every moment near my family. They are everything to me. Always will be. It always takes me like 30 minutes to get over a phone call from my mother. It just breaks me right out of my fantasy world and forces me to face reality. I think I spend most of my days running away from reality. That's why I don't call people, keep up friendships, get a second job, etc. It's just so hard for me. I want everything to be on a whatever basis. That is selfish and shit. But I don't know how to stay "happy" otherwise. Quite the dilemma. Ugh. I feel so wrapped up in my head today. After last night, I still feel so fucking weird inside. I felt it all day. Just weird. I feel like the "depression" that I deal with is quite physical. It's not just a sad thing. It's an anxious thing for me. I get so uptight in my body. It feels horrible. And that is how I feel right now. That is how I felt all day. I can still go on with my day, and I can still laugh and have fun. But it is such an intense feeling in the way that I could start crying at any point. And if I start I don't think I will stop. Last night stripped me of the wall that I had built up. Now I feel vulnerable. I feel vulnerable and made of glass. I NEED this weekend to rebuild. Build up that tougher skin and convince myself that I am strong enough to move forward.

 CONGRATULATIONS KELLY ON YOUR OFFICIAL LAST DAY OF COLLEGE! HOLY FUCK!

 The day is almost over! Not a horrible day today. It went by a little faster than yesterday, but that is only because I had more work to do. I think the highlight of the whole day was when I had grilled cheese and fries for lunch. I just love it. I think it could be my favorite meal on the planet. The only thing that would have made it better would have been less grease and more pizza. :-() SNARF I am exhausted. I definitely need to get some rest tonight. But I also have to get a bag. No, not a bag. A FUCKING BAG! You get it now. My eyelids are what I like to call...heavy. But my attitude is pretty good. Rita said, last night after my breakdown, that today would be a "light day" for me. And she was absolutely right. I have no need for the super-absorbance pads. I will stick with the lighter days. Nothing could be as bad as last night was, so really I didn't have much worry. The only thing that could have been harder to deal with would have been getting hit by a bus...and even that has its advantages. (getting out of work you goons!) The guy that cut my hair today was the nicest man alive, but I think he gave me a shitty haircut. What is with me and shitty haircuts lately? After he finished...he spikes my hair to the ceiling and is like: "How is the length?" I say: "The LENGTH is perfect." He's like: "Great!", removes the plastic cover from my clothes and lowers my chair. "Um, aren't you going to style it at all...or are you just going to leave it sticking straight up?" Leave it sticking straight up obviously cuz my hair looks like it did in 8th grade. So does my body. I ate grilled cheese and fries today. :( So glad the weekend is coming. So motha fuckin glad. Alright...I gotta go pack up my shit and get ready to leave. It is 4:42pm afterall!

 If someone picks you up at a bar and asks you for your phone number, what do you do? Well first, it ain't classy or safe to give out your number to a boy, so casually smile and accept his number, if you like him. But more importantly, if you don't like him or he skeeves you in any way, give him the following number: 212-479-7990 It's the urlLink REJECTION LINE and it is the funniest thing I have ever heard. After calling the line, press #2. It's my favorite.

 Well helloooooooooo... Only been at work for 2 hours, but it definitely feels like the day should be over. Boring job. Boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring...it actually is more fun to write the word "boring" than it is to actually do anything else. Yesterday was the day of horrible things. Besides the fact that I got into a fight with Paul, I went home and got into a huge fight with my father. We were having a very simple catch-up type conversation, when he brought up my brother being in the ARMY. He was like "You need to be the one to call him. You need to be strong for him. You need to have your interactions with him be on his terms, etc etc." I don't know what possessed me, but I was like: "I know that I need to be better to Winfield, but it is hard. I didn't ask for him to go into the ARMY. HE made that decision. HE put his life at risk. HE HE HE HE HE..." My dad goes, "If Winfield dies over there, you will beat yourself up for it. And you will have a problem with yours and my relationship at that point". I was like: "That is not right. Winfield wanted to go to Wake Forest. Winfield wanted to serve his country. Winfield did this to himself!" My dad goes: "This conversation is over. Love you." CLICK! And he hung up on me. I sat there shocked for about 10 minutes not even moving. Just staring at the wall. Then I called back my parents house only to find out that my dad had taken the phone off the hook. I called and called and called, but to no avail. Then I went out to talk to Rita and just LOST IT. I mean, really lost it. I was screaming and sobbing and fell into complete hysterics. Even writing the words can't explain how intensely I lost it. For ten minutes, I just SCREAMED and CRIED. I was so angry at everything and was so sad and frustrated that I thought that I had gone off the deep end for good. It was awful. Rita was exactly what I needed. She sat there next to me, hugging me, rubbing my back, not saying anything except "I'm sorry...I'm sorry". She lit my cigarette for me and just kept rubbing my back, letting me go off for as long as I needed to. She was an angel from God. Then I jumped up and decided to call my parents house again. The phone was back on the hook and my mom answered it. I continued to SOB and SOB. I told her to tell my dad to go "Fuck himself" that he is "an asshole" that just pushed me over the emotional edge. I screamed and sobbed to her for about an hour. She totally calmed me down. She said all the right things. Nothing I said or did even seemed to phase her. She was so patient and helpful. And she took my side, which I needed. She told me that my dad is in a really raw, emotional state right now. That he is acting extremely irrational and jumping down everyone's throats whenever the topic of my brother is brought up. He is scared to death and this fear is causing him to lose his mind. That's a long story that I don't even want to get into. My mom saved my life last night. And so did Rita. I felt so ALONE when my dad hung up on me. Paul had just hung up on me 2 hours earlier and I started to think that I was losing everything. That all of the headway that I have made was for nought. :( By the end of the conversation, she actually had me laughing. SHE IS EVERYTHING TO ME! I got off the phone and went to talk to Rita who was curled up in her bed watching Mermaids . We talked for a couple minutes and she just hugged me and loved me. And then I didn't feel quite as alone anymore. Thank God. At one point during my numerous phone calls to my parents house (when the phone was off the hook), I called Paul just so that he could tell me everything was ok. I didn't care about what happened earlier in the day anymore...I just wanted him to tell me that he loved me. He had mentioned previously that he was going to be having dinner with Mariah and her bosses at 7pm. I called at 8:30pm. His phone rang, but he didn't pick it up. I left him a long message telling him that I really needed to hear his voice, that something awful happened, and that I really just needed him. I cried so hard on the phone message. It is now 11:30am the next day and he didn't even call me back. Enough said. Gosh. Now I sit here with swollen eyes and a very slight headache. Sobbing like that really takes a lot out of you. And I feel a little weird today. After an experience like that, it just kind of shakes one up. I am very excited to go home and to just climb in bed for the weekend. I need some rest. I need some low-key fun. Maybe watch a movie or two. Maybe smoke a bowl, drink some wine, maybe go out for a bit. Life is so chaotic and sometimes I just feel as though I am going to get lost in the cycle.

 Okay, back from my little tantrum. Why does this kid provoke me in such a way? He makes me so fucking angry sometimes. It's like he doesn't know me at all. If you see that I am quick on the phone with you, or that I am being kind of a dick, then maybe you stop for a minute, consider my actions over the last two and a half years, and understand that I am hurt by you. Not angry. Not out for revenge. Just plain hurt. Paul hasn't called for just about a week. (we are one day away from that) I have called him. I even sent him a fucking letter in the mail, which we NEVER do. He never called to say thank you, he never called to see if I was alright, he never even called to talk about the vacation. Last we spoke, I told him that we could talk about the trip during our next big conversation. WELL...I guess now is that next big convo. GOD! He can be so vile sometimes. The feelings that he causes in my heart are so unacceptable. He makes me want to drop him on his ass. And hard. I am not saying that this is the mature way to deal with it or that I even want to do that at this point, but conversations like we just had prove to me that: a) You ain't moving here, cuz even long distance you don't miss me enough to care. b) You are a fucking moron that has just about NO social interaction comprehension. c) You are a lot of fucking work and in a lot of ways, don't give me nearly enough good to compensate for it. Damn. Damn damn damn. Why do I ALWAYS give him the benefit of the doubt? Why do I always develop that pit in my stomach that misses him so deeply?? Why? WHY? why? :( God...I just love him so much and he just puts me through the ringer over and over and over and over... and I always come back for more and more and more and more... MAN. Love aint easy...and what's even harder is being in love with an idiot. I actually called him back after our fight, cuz I hate leaving things bad. (even though I was the one that hung up on him---hee) So I call him back and I am like: "Do you want to talk for a couple of minutes?" He says: "Yes, but I am in the store. I will call you when I get out." It has been about 45 minutes since that call and no sign of him. DICK! I don't take 4 hour lunches! Fine. If he doesn't call me than sobeit. He can deal with Mariah moving out on his own. He can deal with his surgery pain on his own. He can deal with his sadsap lonliness on his own. And you know what....keep this up Paul...and you can drive all the way here in your fucking UHAUL next week and you can call me and call me....but I won't show up at Mariah's until you are gone. Hurt me again fucker. Hurt me and then deal with the fact that you just keep pushing me away. :(

 So when I just spoke with Paul (first time in a week), I explained to him that my feelings are hurt. That I understand that he is suffering with having Mariah move, and blah fucking blah. He was so irate and such a fucking asshole that eventually I screamed in his face, told him to send the fucking money to my mother for our fucking vacation and to not fucking call me until he takes some fucking time to analyze his horrible way of showing love to me. FUCKING FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK! He makes me so angry and upset! You know what??? Rita just told me that there are skeletal remains found in Washington Park and we keep hearing military planes overhead. Even if it is all media hype, it is STILL more important than sitting here bitching about my piece of shit boyfriend. GO FUCK YOURSELF PAUL. You ungrateful shit. fucking so ungrateful.

 I think Debbie Mathers and Marshall Mathers (Eminem) are sleeping together. No, I really do. They are so involved with eachother and kind of creepy. "They are fully in love and it makes me kinda wanna puke." - Jonathan

 October 20, 2001 - According to Worldpop, Eminem's grandmother Betty Kresin is saying Debbie Mathers is furious that she didn't get the role of herself in the Eminem film instead of Kim Basinger. Betty says Debbie "'is mad because she wanted to play the part." FUCK YOU DEBBIE!

 Want to know something interesting, shocking, and potentially horrifying? Eminem and Britney Murphy are in a new movie together. No, that's not the horrifying part. The horrifying part is: October 13, 2001 - The Sun reports Eminem and his onscreen lover Brittany Murphy have been flirting outrageously on the set of his new movie. Britney plays the role of Kim and an insider is saying of the two, "They have been having very intimate conversations. It looked like they were working on more than just their lines." Oh Lord. Another one bites the dust.

 Good morning. Here is my Real World opinionated re-cap of last night's episode. As we see, Kyle is a fake shithead. You know, it really just chaps my ass. I started this season with such an open mind to Kyle and Kerri's plight. I thought that their issues were real, genuine, and difficult to navigate. However, after viewing each episode as least 7 times, I have come to the conclusion that Kyle is the worst "character" on the show. And I say "character" because he is in no way, shape, or form, a real little boy. If anything, he is Pinocchio BEFORE the fairy granted his wish. He has led Kerri on and on and on.... As we found out in last night's episode, Kyle has been sneaking into Kerri's bed at night for some kissing and humping (we did see clips of this in past episodes), and he has also written her "over 30 love letters telling her how much he truly loves (me)" her. What a snake he is. I mean really. Is it just me, or is Kerri totally deserving of a REAL man? The girl is so much fun, so beautiful, and most importantly, so damn cool. She tries desperately to convince herself that she doesn't have feelings for this asshole, but we all know how that goes. It takes time. Last night Kyle did three things that made me gasp with horror. 1) Invites Kerri along to a party only to backstab her all night to his friends and other housemates. 2) Convinces everyone and himself that Kerri annoys him, follows him everywhere, and never gives him room to breathe, only to then be all over her the minute that she meets a guy other than him. 3) Receives a phone call message from his ex-"girlfriend" Nicole during a candlelight vigil in NYC (right after 9/11) and doesn't shed one tear. Now, the reason #3 bothers me is because when I saw the clip of Nicole's answering message, it took about 4 seconds for me to collapse into tears. That 2 minute clip produced more tears on my face than the whole September 11th episode did in its' entirety. Kyle, who goes ON and ON about how worried he is for Nicole and how much his love for her knows no bounds - in fact, at one point I specifically remember him saying that he and Nicole have "Storybook Love" - doesn't do anything more than put on a sad face and wistfully look at the wall. For real? Damn. Wish I could love someone with such ease. I don't believe him for a minute. And I am disappointed. He seemed so cool and now I have no respect. And suddenly, because personality does win out over looks afterall, he has become the most hideous monster on the show. I think his face is made of plastic, and as Rita has previously said, his legs are definitely tree trunks. He is skeeve. Watching him make out with Kerri, shirtless with his mesh shorts riding up his ass, then getting up and walking away as if he just committed the same act with a goat, makes me furious inside. I truly hope that she watches these episodes and just laughs and laughs. She is better off without him. He is a sad little man.

 CONGRATULATIONS to KELLY on her LAST DAY OF EXAMS! YOWZAH! That's a girl! Way to go! YOU DA BEST! (and every other annoying cliche in the bunch) Almost time to go home. PHEW! This day is what I like to call Dragging McDragersons. Really. The whole day has creeped by in the most snail like manner. But today was also a bit interesting. It started with Pedro the security guard telling Angela the housekeeper to "Fuck off". Then Angela came upstairs SOBBING and screaming about it. It was absolute chaos for about 15 minutes. And this all happened at about 10am. Ugh. Pedro fucking sucked for what he said to Angela today. I have never met such a beautiful woman in my whole life. She don't hurt anything. She is the kind of lady that cares so much about life that she would find a nest of flies festering on the 6th floor of my building and would immediately pick it up in her hands and find it a home in the local park. She just cares that much! Thnor. She was so upset and it made me love her even more. She deserves the world. (as long as this bitch gets a slice) When I went to the bathroom earlier, my ass had a virgin suicide. Just thought I would let everyone know that. I know how worried you all get. You need to know my ass action every day or else you worry that I have become a healthy little boy like all the others. ***nother side note*** Paul hasn't called ONCE since last Thursday night. (big sigh) It's funny. Every time I happen to mention this fact to anyone, they always look at me oddly and go "But why?". Then I look back at them and go "I know". It just sucks, you know? How else can I explain it? Last Thursday night we had a 2 hour talk on the phone that was amazing! He was like in love and obsessed with me. It felt strange to have him telling me how much he loved me and having him obsess over everything that I am doing. He was crazy. But crazy with love. Then, as usual, he doesn't call for like a week because he has showed too much emotion to me and must pull back. You know what I think about that? I think that it is a fucking childish and tired excuse. Grow up asshole. Sorry...just gotta vent sometimes. He's fine. Just so typical and boring. In other news...Kelly and I had a wonderful talk last night. We had some drinks, some laughs, some cries, and an overall good time. I think we cleared the air on alot of things. Not that things were bad, per se. Just some things that needed to be clarified. And I think it went very well. Well, I guess that is it. Pretty much a nothing of a day today. Lucky me gets to go home and work on remodeling my annoying bedroom. Can't it just be done already?? No Joe, it can't. You are the laziest mother fucker in America. Just go home, shut up, and do it. I know. I know. One last thing...Edward sent me this poem this morning. I actually laughed out loud. (LOL)(I am a 16 year old girl)(LOL) Here it is: This is Just to Say I have eaten the plums that were in the icebox and which you were probably saving for breakfast Forgive me they were delicious so sweet and so cold HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! um.

 I have some sort of a head cold today. I don't know if it is allergies or change in weather or if I am really getting sick. But in any case it sucks. My nose is plugged, my throat is scratchy, and I feel tired. Maybe it's mono. Maybe not. Who could be so lucky?

 So folks...in an unbelievable upset, the REAL WORLD beat the ROAD RULES in the final challenge. YAYAYAY! Real World better always kick Road Rules' ass! It was quite a riveting episode. If you get a chance to catch it, you definitely should. I didn't think that the final challenge was as difficult as it could have been. It wasn't nearly as hard as what those Tough Enough kids go through. The best part of the episode...Road Rules was kicking Real World's ass in the physical portions of the competition and they reached the final station of the challenge much faster than them as well. BUT...because their team has ALWAYS lacked unity, they sat at that final challenge forEVER! Real World finally caught up to them, solved the puzzle, and moved on to be the grand prize winners. It is true afterall...working as a team proves to be the key to conquering it all! So congrats to the Real Worlders. They deserved it.

 So Smelly and I just finished IMing and we made plans to go out for a few drinks this evening to catch up. Like how her new name is Smelly? Cuz really...my new name should be "Joe CuttheSmelly". I reak today. My pits are fully loaded and I am ready to take a motha out. We are going to have drinks at Cosmos, our new hometown hangout. $5 Stoli/Vanillas, not a bad bargain. Although, last week, when I went with Reets, I spilled my complete first drink down my leg and into my bookbag. It was nice. And now I smell like a walking drunkard. I guess I have to put off cleaning more of my room until tomorrow. I am really a crazy mother fucker. The minute I knew that I would be having drinks instead, I immediately formulated a new plan as to how to still not miss out on the evening I was planning on having. I am still going to empty out some of my drawers and organize some papers. I will just wait to do my trunk tomorrow. Its ok. Not the end of the world. I always have to have everything timed by like the minute. It's a sick habit that I need to quit asap. It's making me go quazy in my head. I am so hungry for lunch today. I know I should have a salad and/or a cucumber. But what I really want is a pineapple. COVERED IN CHEESEBURGERS. It's just that my body accepts fat so much more easily than it accepts exercise or health food. I gotta lose my gut someday, k?

 I actually started this entry last week, never got through it and am now going back to it and finishing. Hee. I was saying what a good day I had last week, cuz it turns out that Paul and I will be taking a fatty vacation this summer. We are going to spend a week in Orlando. Kind of my idea. I decided that I REALLY wanted to go to Universal Studios Florida. Yes, I have been there before and yes it is fucking amazing...but it has been about 7 years since I did that and I am anticipating quite a few huge changes in their theme parks. For example, the Jurassic Park 3 ride just opened. YOWZERS! It's just fun. We are staying in the most beautiful condo I have ever seen in my life. I mean, it is HUGE and our suite has a master bedroom, another guest bedroom, a pull out couch, a full kitchen, two showers, a tub, a whirlpool, a living room, dining area, indoor/outdoor pool, golf, babysitting service (YAY), and so much else. It is going to be fantastic. And the best part....to stay in this condo for a week is going to cost us (drum role please) $122 total. UM! My parents have this time share thing that they NEVER use. So they got first pick this time and gave it to me. It is so cheap and amazing. My mom also secured us flights for $188 round trip. OH MAN that is cool. SO essentially we are paying piddles for an amazing time. And it is something that Paul and I will get to do together. I have never been on a real vacation before, unless it was with family. And this is the exact way that I want to go! Just he and I smooching and smooching. And maybe even getting a tan. Also, I can't wait to spend a couple of days at urlLink Disney World and urlLink Universal Studios CAN'T WAIT! This is really just about the best. We will probably spend a few days on the beach. Go out to eat alot, ride bikes, maybe go fishing, watch the sunsets on the beach. Really...it is everything I have ever wanted to do with Paul. And to be able to do it just the two of us. Man...I am a lucky boy. As long as Paul gets a little bit of a better attitude about this whole thing... He has been kind of a shit, but I know that will change. He is always a bitch until he realizes that there is no reason for it and then things usually settle down. Plus...we are taking a plane! Um! I don't do planes. I mean, I WILL do planes, as long as Paul is there with me, but without him, prolly not at this point. I feel safe with him. Even though he is a bitch...I do feel safe holding on to his arm and being held by him. Sweet, sweet, strong boy of mine. Maybe he will even call today. Wouldn't that be a nice change of pace. Weird to think that I just got home from taking care of him a week ago. So much has changed since then. So much. This weekend, Rita's sister Jeannie came into town to play. They went and saw Chicago on Saturday afternoon and then went out to a wonderful dinner together. They are very close sistas and I know that they truly enjoy being in eachother's company. Jeannie is getting married on November 9th. WOW. Still scares me a bit, and I ain't even IN the wedding. Well, sort of I am. I will be the wasted uncle standing in the corner talking about the old days when Jeannie was a little whippersnap. Nah. But I definitly won't be handing out any programs either. :-D Friday night, Rita, Kelly, Jeannie and I spent the night blasting music and having a, well, um, blast! We sang along to Rent, ate pizza, drank some libations, and all in all had a wonderful time together. Rita, Jeannie, and I had some intense, and introspective conversations as well. I walked away from it all feeling like I know Jeannie just that much better. And also that I love Rita just that much more. She is a strong girl, that one. What else? I also started the overwhelming, nightmare of a project, of cleaning my room. I have decided to rid myself of any excess baggage. Which means, letters and cards from the past, old pictures I don't want anymore, knick-knacks from hell, and even my Nintendo 64. Shit's just got to go. If you want it, let me know...cuz you can definitely have it. I still gots PlayStation to deal with. So, I did the first major phase of cleaning last night. I am planning on doing another phase tonight, another tomorrow, and so on, until the week is over and I have a brand new place to hang my hat. This cleaning and organizing has been a REAL long time coming, actually since I moved out of Oswego, and I absolutely have to get it done this week. Nothing will stand in my way. Not even pizza. Tonight is the finale episode of the Road Rules/Real World Challenge. Who will take the gold? I am predicting that it will be Road Rules. They are just a stronger team physically. As a group, they kind of suck, but as competitors, they usually outshine those Real Worlders. And that is too bad...cuz who don't like the Real World BETTER than Road Rules? Also, at 8pm, NBC's Fear Factor is doing their Tournament of Champions. All of the winners from the past year will be coming together to see who the king is. Imagine what they are going to have to eat tonight! I am predicting diarehhea. Or someother spelling of the same word. This is going to be a tough week, but I think I am up for the challenge. Last week was a GREAT week, but I knew the whole time that this week was coming. I really have to take it slow, be as patient as possible with my friends, and try my best to start anew. One day at a time.

 Shit. When you miss a day of writing in here, I feel like so much happens. Yesterday turned out to be such an incredibly amazing day. It was a fine day at first. Normal. But then a serious of good things started to happen. I had some great email exchanges with Edward. Some great letters/exhanges/conversations. Definitely made my day fun. I ate Burger King for lunch, which I am REALLY not trying to do,

 So the best thing just happened. Rita and I just went upstairs to decorate Angie's door. We put posters of graduation, quotes, pictures, cards, etc. As we finished, the buzzer rang and she and I snuck down to our apartments; covertly hiding from FUCKFACES' friend Jen who was waiting outside. When we got back into Kelly's room, Rita and I waited for them to clear the stairs and then opened the door and listened to CUNT MOTHER FUCKER STUPID FAGGOT ASS FUCKFACE say: "Look at this, it kinda makes me want to puke". Now...are we fucking kidding?????? How DARE he? I mean...HOW DARE HE? Being fair, I realize that I say shit about fuckface all the time behind his back. But he has never heard it. Actually, even if he did hear it I didn't care...but it just wasn't the same. He said that comment, insinuating that we are no where near the friends with Angie that he is. Sorry...but are you a fucking retard? Fuckface...you have been around 3 days. I have known Angie for 5 years. Faggot...you ain't NEVER gonna be to Angie what I am. I don't care if you are the last two lesbos on earth. You will NEVA BE! So I go to my journal and I say hurtful things cuz that is the only way that I know how to vent. If he has the balls to say the same comment to Angie...then so be it. But I am sure he doesn't. And I DREAD the idea that Angie would entertain any such remark. She wouldn't right? Whatever...Rita and I did what we could for this occassion...and hopefully Angie understands that. As for Fuckface...well this whole thing will go no further...but just so we all know...I hope this kid comes into some major trouble in his life. And if not...I will cause the trouble. ;) I feel better now. It's just that I spent a good portion of my day putting this shit together...and then having this ass say something flippantly about it actually hurt. I guess the main question is...why does it hurt? I really need to get some tougher skin.

 I almost forgot! HAPPY GRADUATION ANGIE! I AM SO FUCKING PROUD OF YOU!

 This is going to be really quick today. I have spent my ENTIRE day doing nothing, but playing and I still haven't found time to write in this journal. The two topics I would like to discuss are Paul and my vacation plans and my conversation with Edward. First, Paul wants to take me on vacation this summer. We had discussed going to California for a week, but those plans fell through. (refer to February's entries to find out why they fell through) Then we thought about spending a week in Albany or spending a week in Vermont or something. So then, I am sitting in the movie theater this weekend, with my parents, and all of a sudden it HIT me! I KNEW where I wanted to go on vacation. WELL UNIVERSAL STUDIOS FLORIDA OBVIOUSLY! YAYAYAYAY! I have been there before; when I was 17 or so, and it was fucking the coolest thing I have been to in my life. Being an actor, you can see why. As soon as I got home, I called Paul to explain my idea. He immediatly shot it down. Of fucking course. Like he has any better ideas. Or maybe he was just in pain or something. Whatever. ;) He was like: "Joe, we I don't have the money for both of our tickets, the visit, the hotel, the transport, etc." Then I explained my plan. My parents are letting me use their Condo Time Share whenever I want. The condos are BEAUTIFUL and have a kitchen, living room, bathroom, sometimes two bedrooms, closets, pools, fitness centers, saunas, etc. But they are only located in certain areas. ONE OF THESE AREAS BEING DISNEY WORLD! UM!!!! Cuz Universal is right by Disney. Right by. So we could go to Disney and to Universal all in the same trip AND stay right in the area for free! Amazing right? Right. So then he is like, "I still don't think I will have the money to pay for both of our airfare, etc." So I talked to my parents about it and they said that they could prolly get me roundtrip airfare at like $200 or so, depending on when we make our decision and what airline we use. (My mom can get some phat deals through work) I could pay that. Easily. Well, not so easily, but easily enough! Paul is still wishy washy about the whole thing, but I know that is because he didn't come up with the idea. I don't know. That is where I want to go. That is the only place that I want to go now. I have never been on vacation with a boyfriend before. How fucking exciting! I just hope we can get our shit together and really do this. I never care about going away anywhere and honestly that is why I never go ANYWHERE. But this is the first time that I WANT WANT WANT to go somewhere. And I think this trip is totally up my ally. Keep your fingers crossed for me folks! Ok...the conversation with Edward. WAS AMAZING! He and I have such a good rhythm when we talk. He is so fucking adorable that sometimes I want to climb through the computer and eat him alive. He is funny, sensitive, and endearing. He cares about me so much and I know he knows that I feel the same way about him. If he were gay, he and I would be together in 30 seconds. Well, that is if there was no such thing as a Paul. But all of this is based on that idea. Edward and I have gotten to know eachother so much more since I graduated college. And ironically enough, I have only seen him once since I left. And I graduated exactly 2 years ago tomorrow. (OMIGOD! DID I REALLY GRADUATE TWO YEARS AGO TOMORROW! HOLY FUCK! (May 15th, 2000). In the last two years, he and I have spent only like 6 hours in the same room. But we IM at least once or twice a week, I will start calling him, and he is moving down here within months. Having him around as a permanant addition is not only going to be fun, it is going to be something that both he and I have waited for for a long time. If he wasn't so damn attractive, I would never question our friendship. I am very happy with Paul. He is the one that I want. He is the only one that I would even consider. I mean Edward is straight afterall. (Maybe not completely...but too straight for my taste). But sometimes it is a little difficult to be friends with someone that is exactly what you are physically looking for in a man. He is big, strong, and the exact type of man that I am drawn too. It is strange for me to have any sort of opinion on this because I don't look at Edward as though he were an object of lust. I look at him as a friend that drives me crazy sometimes. You know? I am older than him by almost 3 years and that puts a rift between us. We have only really been friends, in the same location, for 6 months. He is obsessed with finding a girlfriend and I am obsessed with the boyfriend I already have. Circumstances should prevent us from even becoming a friendship match, but circumstances can be misleading. I cherish him. I do. I am very excited for his upcoming visit and even more excited to have him in the city. I hope that he and I can find some sort of common playing field and that we can strengthen the bond that we already have. He takes care of me in some ways and I do the same to him. If only he would gain like 100 pounds, or even worse, lose like 100 pounds...then I would never look at him as having any sort of physical prowess. And then I would never wonder what it would be like to go to that next, unfortunate, impossible to change, level. Life is confusing as fuck. How could I possibly write about these two topics in the same entry? How could I possibly?

 So Kelly's sister just Imed me asking where she was. I thought that something was wrong so I asked her what was up. She ended up needing help with an English assignment. Rita and I both tried to help her the best that we could. But we told her to call Kelly and leave a message too, and guess what kel? Your sister needs to write about a quote in comparison to two books she read this year. (or pretended to read) One of the books is I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings . Didn't you just read that??? The Russo girls reading the same book at the same time. Now that is a strange coincidence.

 Okay...back from lunch. I had pizza and so did Rizza. Yum. I haven't had pizza in weeks. Of course, it wasn't true NYC pizza. It was "silly West End" pizza. Good enough. So...here I sit. Been pretty quiet at work today. Everyone seems to be really burned out from the big dinner we had last week. Fine with me. I love the peace. Penelope is out today with a headache. Probably induced by dealing with crazies all week. Poor thing had to fend for herself for like 7 work days. Now that shit is tough. I am sitting here with nothing on my mind. I have no idea what to write about. That seems strange considering that I have been away from this journal for weeks. But shit has pretty much stayed the same. Paul is still in some horrible pain and trying his best to recoup. Kelly is finishing up with college and then will try to recoup. Rita has finished with the dinner aka the demise of her existence, and is slowly recouping. Penelope is home...recouping. RECOUPS! Mariah is preparing (sort of) for her big move to NYC. Girl better get on the ball and find her ass a job. Cuz hells knows she is going to blow what little money she has on fun when she gets here. Who wouldn't? Edward was tentatively scheduled to come down for a visit this weekend, but I have a feeling that that is off. S'ok. I do want to see him, but suddenly I am not so ready. Long story. Oh ok...I know what to write about. When I got home last night, Rita and Kelly introduced me to "Friend". He is a new member of our household, but lucky bastard don't have to pay no rent. Friend wears a red hoody, Gorilla slippers and a t-shirt. He sits on the couch and holds onto the remote. Just in case he don't like what is on the tube. Did I mention that Friend is in actuality a pillow? But the scariest fucking pillow ever. As Rita, Kelly, and I were discussing Friend last night, Kelly vocalized how scared she was of having him sitting around in the living room. I didn't really understand how a dressed up pillow could be scary, until I walked out of my room at 3am, butt naked, and fully believed he was a real human sitting on the couch. My heart lept into my throat and then my skin crawled. That little fucker is dangerous, I think. Rita had a nasty run in with Friend this morning too. I feel Friend may be brutally murdered if he don't clean up his act. Paul just called. He said that he feels much better today. He met with the surgeon this morning and he said that the wound looks better. He taught him how to change the bandages in a different, more preventative way. So hopefully no more infection. What a relief. Of course Paul is talking about working as soon as tomorrow night. Stupid ass. He best take care of himself, cuz if he lands in the hospital again because of his own foolishness, I will NOT be so pleasant when I change the bandages next time. And that's fo sho! Uh oh. I think I just smelled eggs again. Damn that Rita...she best go relieve herself before she stinks up the joint. WAWAWAWINKLES! Days until Kelly's graduation from COLLEGE: 15. Days until Kelly realizes what a cruel cruel world it is after school: 18. Days until the eggs leave my bowels: 10 minutes. Gosh...so much is coming up. Angie and Kelly are both leaving college and moving on to that next phase of their life. Mariah is moving here in the next two weeks. Does it ever end? Nevle. Aaron Neville. Last night I jerked off 3 times between 10:30pm and 3am. Is that a lot? Well, if you take a look at the scars on my dick...maybe. I was just so horny. And the more I jerked off, the more I needed to do it again. I was up all night playing with myself. Maybe tonight I will only do it twice. Considering that I woke up and jerked off again this morning...maybe I don't need to do it at all. Do you realize that in 9 hours, I beat my pud 4 times. DAMN! They don't call this my sexual peak for nothin. I am just so lucky that I have someone to share all these sexual experiences with during my sexual peak. Yeah fucking right. I share these experiences with my hand and erotic stories only. mmmmm....erotic stories. I am about ready for some new ones. The ones I have now are so old and boring. I can basically recite them and that's no fun. Maybe I will have Kelly or Rita write me a new erotic story! Wouldn't that be fun! Kind of sick and twisted, but I would be willing to give it a try. Actually...what a GREAT experiment! Then I could see if they REALLY knew what turned me on. Sick....why would they need to know that? yum....why wouldn't they?

 Wow. Back at work. Pretty surreal morning. Everyone was really nice and totally supportive of me when I came in today and that felt good. I don't know why I get so uptight about being gone for so long. I knew that everyone would be cool, but I just get so crazy in my head sometimes. So hungry and I just farted and it smells like eggs. Eggles. Egg bagels. SICK! Alright...Rita and I are going to take quizzes and play until lunch. Be back.

 So here I am, in Albany. I have had the worst migraine since I walked in the door last night. I spent about 2 hours vomiting all the food I DIDN'T eat today and then held my head and rocked back and forth until about 4am. I finally got some sleep and was up at 10am this morning with the same damn headache. I did everything I could to make it go away. I masturbated, took a hot shower, smoked a bowl, and then finally bit the bullet and bought some Excedrin Migraine pills at CVS. After this, my parents and I went to the theater to see Changing Lanes . Not awful, but not recommendable. Ben Affleck was suprisingly adorable and I did have a good time. About half way through the movie, the headache ceased and I have been getting increasingly better. I now just have the dull ache and hopefully can move forward and have a good rest of the time with my parents. I came to Albany for two reasons. One was to see my mother on Mother's Day. The other was to go to a neutral place and try to clear my head. Leaving Boston yesterday was one of the hardest goodbyes that I have had in a long while. To say the absolute least, my last 9 days have been full of stress, heartache, frustration, fear, and ironically some beautiful moments. I will never forget all of what happened. I have images that will stay with me forever. When I first got to Boston, Paul was wonderful. He was in good spirits, was incredibly excited to have me there helping him out. On Thursday we walked around Boston and spent the majority of the day doing some food shopping, Mother's Day shopping, and visiting friends. Friday was just as good; hanging out with Mariah and the baby, doing some more shopping, and just feeling great. Around 11pm, as I was doing the dressing change on Paul, I noticed that the hole (this unbelievably LARGE hole) was turning black in some areas. His pain was starting to get much worse and his spririts crashed. During the day Saturday, his pain and temperature started to rise. I started to panic. When I took his last temperature reading, it was at 104 and I knew that I had to get him to the emergency room as quickly as I could. We were in the emergency room for about 6 or 7 hours that night and they cleaned him up, brought the fever down, and foolishly sent us home. On Sunday, the hole was COMPLETELY covered in black and I immediately rushed him to the emergency room again with a fever hovering around 103. We spent the night in the hospital that night. Me sleeping horribly in the waiting room, Paul cooped up in some hospital bed all alone. I wasn't even allowed to stay with him. AND they kept us in the damn emergency waiting room for about 2 hours before they even took him in. He was so brave. Such a good patient and said "thank you" and "I love you" at every possible moment. I called work, explained the situation, and ended up staying even longer. Tuesday afternoon, it was back to the emergency room. At this point, Paul's pain was so intense that he was screaming, crying, and scaring the shit out of me. Upon this visit to the emergency room, Paul spent two nights in the hospital, racking up more bills and keeping me sleeping in 2 hour increments. It was hard. They cleaned his hole out, gave him some sort of preventative infection prescription, and debated whether or not to seal up his gaping hole. They ended up not doing anything about it. I missed my dinner, I missed a full week of work, and on top of all of this, I feel like I missed a whole week of my life. As good of a feeling as it was to take care of my baby and to make sure that he was ok at every moment, I never felt so lonely in all my life. Maybe it's Karma. I don't know. I cleaned the house, did laundry about every day, did all of the food shopping, all prescription filling, most bandage changes, helped him shit, bathe, eat, get through the pain, etc. It was exhausting. I must admit that I kept my attitude positive. I grew closer to him than ever before and I finally took care of him the way he has always taken care of me. So many thing went running through my mind last week. I thought about what it must be like for couples with AIDS and how hard it is to face that disease as one's future. At least with this scenario, I was always pretty confident that he would eventually get better. After a week of taking care of someone as though they were as incompetent as an infant, I realized that I don't have what it takes to take care of anyone but myself. I realized how selfish I really am. How unfortunate and unacceptable this is. I feel like in a lot of ways, I have become a cynical, mean person. I used to be so kind. So approachable, so proud to be sensitive and available. I am more closed off to my personal life now than I have ever been before and it doesn't feel good at all. Taking care of Paul.... Knowing that it was one year ago this week that Kelly's mom was fighting for her life in the hospital... Seeing and feeling how precious life is and how little time we all have... Having to sacrifice everything I wanted for a week for someone I loved... Realizing in some ways that I have strength in me to do things I never thought I could do... The whole experience was very surreal. I am scared to go back home. It has been 9 days since I have been in NYC. Once out of the place for an extended period, it is hard to get excited about jumping back in. I feel like the challenges that lay before me are so great that I will never climb out of it. I feel tired and I feel beaten down. In no way was the last week and a half rejuvenating, nor did it help me to get a more idealistic perspective on my current situation. I feel uneasy about going home. When things get tough I shut people out. I find it hard to ask for help. And after the way I have been over the last couple of months, it was even more difficult for me to reach out to the people I love, because I wasn't there when they reached out. Man, I don't know. I have two girls waiting for me at home that I love so dearly. That are always there for me and were there for me last week, in prayers and thoughts if not in the physical sense. I have a friend at work that I love dearly as well, that looked after me while I was gone and missed having me in the chair next to her, I hope. I don't have much in NYC. But what I do have I cherish. It is hard for me to show this because I feel very stressed and frustrated with my current standing as a wannabe actor in NYC. What I have to remind myself of is that all of my friends are in the same position. We are all struggling with who we are and what we want out of life, yet forced to race against time to complete it all. If I realize that we are all in the same place, why I am trying to control it all? Why do I feel the need to be the leader? Why do I force people to fit in with my view of life and it's complications? And most of all...how do I change this realization so that I can emerge with my old self confidence while still having the love, support, and respect of those I need most? I am scared to leave Paul alone. I talked to him this morning and his parents never came to see him. That hurt. That hurt alot. But he is strong with it and I am sure in a lot of ways is the reason for them not coming to be with him. Yet, I come from a family that I would give my life for and that would do the same for me...so why didn't they come anyway? Did they at any point realize how serious this whole situation was? Why was I the only one at the hospital? Why was I the only one taking him to the clinic, the hospital, the fucking bathroom? Paul felt so insecure about losing his position at work, that he didn't even tell them that he was in and out of the hospital all week. Trying to hide this fact from those that did call was difficult, if not upsetting. You would think that these people would try to get him back on his feet, not steal his shifts right from under him. And then not even ask how he was really doing. Wow...so much in my head. Some bitterness, some fear, alot of sadness, and absolutely no self-confidence. But I feel like, with rock bottom comes a new beginning. I have to change my life. Immediately. I am ready to grow again. I am ready to expand, love my friends, work on my patience level, and begin anew. That is if I don't get fired from my job. Then I will be spending all of my time looking through the want ads. I am grateful for my housemates, my co-workers, and my family. Without which I think I would collapse and spend a long time trying to bounce back. I am going home tomorrow. I will be ready by the time it happens. That was the whole reason of coming home now wasn't it? I want more and to get that...I am going to have to give it. If nothing else, the main thing I learned this week is about how to be generous. How to be patient. How to love unconditionally and how to sacrifice. This is a lesson I need to re-learn. I need to be this way every day. Not just when my loved ones lose everything.

 Well hello! I am now in Boston and the fucking funniest thing just happened. (I am at the place where Mariah baby-sits/nannies whatever) The baby, without us even noticing, just opened a box of CapnCrunch and dumped it all in her lap. She is covered in little yellow cereal pieces and I am pissing myself with laughter. Oh shit thats funny. So yeah...I am in Boston on the computer. It has been an absolutely incredible trip so far. Paul and I are like peas and carrots. The poor kid has a hole in his back the size of a grapefruit. No. I am not exaggerating. Mariah can fit her whole fist in the hole. You see...when you have a polinoital cyst operation, the way it heals is from the inside out. So this huge crator in his back will have to re-layer itself and eventually, over months, fill back in. I have seen serated muscle, actual lipids, and I think the outer lying of his spinal cord. It is the most horrifying thing I have ever seen with my eyes...and definitely the most horrifying thing I have ever touched. I have to change the dressings twice a day. This means, pulling out these blood stained gauze pads from the inside of his body. Then I soke new gauzes in saline and shove them back in the hole. When Paul first showed me the wound, I just started to cry. It is so real and raw. And to think that this monstrosity of a wound is on my boyfriends back... It's sad and it's gross. In other news...Mariah is wonderful. Seeing her makes me laugh, smile, and excited. Unfortunately the days have flown by so far. I am trying my hardest to slow the time down, but that seems fruitless. Boston is beautiful. The leaves on the trees, the smells in the air, the people that we've seen. I just love it. And of course I never want to leave. But that's cool...I will toughen up by Sunday and get my lame ass back on the bus. It is really weird to be writing in my bloggle from fucking Newbury Street. Baby is going crazy. Paul and I watched Hedwig and the Angry Inch last night. Fucking awesome movie. Ask Rita about it. She and I saw it together when she first moved in and we LVOED it. Hey Reets...you finish Wally Lamb yet? Have a safe drive to Syracuse! I hope you have a wonderful wonderful time. You have earned it. See you on Sunday when we both have to return to hell. Hello operator that is. K...thaz it! Unfortunately, see you all soon!

 So I was just walking down the street, very excited about the slice of pizza I was about to eat, when this man walks up to me and says: "Can I ask you a question?" Here was our conversation: Julio: "Can I ask you a question?" Me: "What?" (I was a little rude cuz I thought that he was going to yell at me about throwing my cigarette on the street) J: I was wondering if you have ever given any thought to modeling. Me: Uh...yeah. Well, you see...a friend of mine was just asked the same question on the street. She then ended up giving this "Modeling Agency" her credit card number and they stole like $600 from her. J: No no no. It's not like that. Me: Ok...what is the deal then? J: Well I was wondering if you had ever given thought to print modeling. You know, modeling for fashion magazines, billboards, advertisements, etc. You have the perfect face for it. Me: Yes I have considered it, but don't really know how to look into something like that. J: Well I work for Options, an off-shoot of Ford modeling agency. We handle (insert random model's names here). (I think he said something like Wilomena or Filomena...some high profile model) I would love it if you would consider coming in and letting us take your picture. We would want to see how photogenic you are and if you would be interested in letting us represent you. Me: What what WHAT? (Ok...I didn't really say that) Sure...I would love to come in and at least see what you are all about. J: (Hands me his card----his name is Julio) Great. --------------edited bullshit------------------------ Me: I am not available until Monday earliest. J: Ok...why don't we schedule an appointment for Monday night at 7. Me: Sure. I would love to come. J: (Shakes my hand) This is a very exciting opportunity. Be on time and bring some pictures of yourself. Me: Okay...see you then. END CONVO. UM!!!! How exciting. How random that this same thing just happened to Mariah and now it is happening to me. I will make SURE that they do not get a credit card number or any sort of deposit. I know better than that. I also informed the guy that I was an actor, not a model and he told me that they represent quite a few actors as well. Could this be my shot at an agency? Who knows. But it is fun and it definitely made me smile real big. Today is turning out to be fucking bomb! urlLink Check out their website here

 There are two women having a huge squabble right now behind my back. They are attacking eachother. Rita was just in the office, but luckily her boss, JABA, saved her and pulled her out. Probably to fax something. ;) They are now basically ripping the skin off eachother's faces. Penelope just walked in having stood in back of Julia Stiles in line at a local restaurant. Damn. Why do I never get to see anyone cool? OMIGOD...they are STILL yelling at eachother. It is pretty funny actually. Seeing these two have an argument is like the highlight of my day. They were just saying how wonderful Rita is, which is good. She ain't a part of this shit at all. And justly so. She ain't crazy like the rest of them. I love how they have been screaming about the same nonsensical item for like 20 minutes now. oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooohahahahahahahahahahaha! Man...they are brutal! I am loving this. Time to go make some popcorn.

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY EDWARD! Love you and miss you so so much! See you soon!

 Still haven't pissed. Damn. I am going to get a UTI like Tonya.

 Penelope just sent me the coolest link. Please go here...you will be so pleasantly suprised. I about shit myself with laughter and glee. urlLink Mr. T It will ask you to put in a URL. I find that putting in CNN.com is the funniest. Oh man...I am still in stitches.

 Still gotta piss. Maybe I will scoop my pee up from the toilet and then show it to everyone I work with. I mean, I really need to know if I am dehydrated or something.

 I was just talking to Penelope about last night's Real World . We have both decided (and I will be vague, just in case you haven't seen it) that Tonya really didn't need to walk around the house showing the little present she had in her cup. I mean DISGUSTING! She made herself look like an ass while totally grossing the rest of the world out. Can someone PLEASE tell me one reason why it was ok for her to show her insides to everyone?

 First off...the Simpson quiz was by Lexi. HAHA. Weird. I thought her name was Mariah. Second off...there is a typo in the box. Can you find it? Third off...nothing.

 urlLink urlLink I'm Nelson, who are you? by urlLink Lexi

 Last night when I got home, I played some TLC and just about sobbed my eyes out. It has been almost a week since I found out about Lisa Lopes going away and I still feel sad about it. Is that normal? Any time I have heard someone be like "Oh man...when 'this' celebrity died, I was so upset; I just couldn't go on", I have wanted to punch them in the face. But this time, I do feel sad. I wish it didn't happen. I wish that things could be different. Second...did you happen to catch urlLink THE REAL WORLD CHICAGO last night? UM?!?!?! Besides the fact that the whole group is about ready to kill eachother, next week's episode made me almost have a heart attack. The episode is taped during September 11th. I forgot all about them being in the house when it happened! The previews brought back so many memories and instantly triggered another cry fest. It is so easy to move on and pretend like nothing ever happened, but when you are reminded with vivid images, it all comes rushing back. Seeing these kids sit around the television and on the phones with their loved ones totally brings me back to that fateful Tuesday. What an incredible and awful life experience. I can't wait to see the episode next week, but I also know that I will have to watch it in my room alone. Rocking myself to sleep. We are half way to the end! It isn't too late to start watching! I have decided that I am starting to hate these cast members. Kyle can go fuck himself, cuz he is turning out to be a real piece of shit. Aneesa needs to wake the fuck up and stop being such a self-absorbed bitch. If Chris opens his lame ass, cheesy, self-help book mouth again, I may just stop in Cambridge, on my way to Boston, and fucking kick his teeth in. Tonya, the girl has to just cut it. Kera...you really are a slut, aren't you? Theo, you my man. You keep it up...you are one of two that don't piss me off now. Kerri, you are my dream weaver! I love you with my whole entire heart. So really...if the whole cast, cept for Theo and Kerri, for some reason die during the 9/11 episode, I will smile. Ok, no I wouldn't, but can they all just stop acting like little babies!? They were SO cool before and now...babies Mcbaby. Just to let everyone know...Paul's surgery went extremely well. Or so we think. It will take a couple of days before we know for certain. He was able to go home last night and will be sleeping on his stomach for awhile. He was really groggy when I spoke to him the first time. The second time, he was much better, but in some pain. Don't worry Paul...I will be there soon to take care of you! I am very excited to get out of here today. I have been really edge lately and I am about ready to collapse. I feel much better today, but that is because I get to escape NYC for a weekend. A LONG weekend that is! Sometimes you just need to do that. The city can wear you down incredibly fast. Long commutes, shit job, no money, visiting friends...just all so much when combined together. And then it is time to run away and rejuvenate. I crashed hard after Jessica left this weekend. I went into this hole and couldn't find my way out right away. I felt much better when I woke up today. Boston being the reason or not, I am relieved that I feel good again today. Sometimes I get nervous that I won't EVER pull out of the low. But I always do and must come back to this entry to remind myself of that again in the future. The big dinner for work is May 9th! Yay! I really am excited. I get to dress up, drink free champagne or wine all night. I get to eat some good, free food. It will be a blast. I had a very good time last year. Rita is very excited too, I think. All of the work she has done for the last two months will be coming to a head. It is really quite a thrill! Unfortunately, we won't have anyone real famous at this dinner. Well, I hear that Herman Wouk will be coming back. That's always a special treat. I mean, the man has to gum all of his food, but at least he is SOMEONE recognizable. YAY. Can't wait. My throat is hurting today. 6 more hours until I can get on that fucking bus and hightail it outta here. I probably won't get into Boston until 10:30pm, which blows, but it's better than not going at all. I really could wait until the morning and then go. YEAH MOTHA FUCKING RIGHT! Gotta piss. Be back soon.

 Back. Didn't you always hate those people that when writing in your yearbook or a letter or whatever, they are like: "Gotta go shower, be back in a minute." And then it would be "Hi...so I am back". I think you understand the point I am trying to make. So I gotta drive home today. I am very excited to go to my place in Albany. My parents have planned some very fun things for my birthday. Holy fuck I am going to be 25! Um. Yeah...at 25 I thought that I would DEFINITELY be piss ass broke working for a Jewish organization. Hmmm. yeah. Tonight, my parents and I are going to drink some wine, smoke some bowls, eat tacos, and just enjoy being in eachother's presence. I don't get to see them nearly enough. Tomorrow, we celebrate my birthday and I have no clue what could be in store for me. Kind of fun. Lies. REAL fun. I just wish I could take a quick nap before I drive home. That would be ideal. I feel like as I type, my brain just goes soft and here I sit dumb and brain softed. No headache, but no intelligence either. Kind of a horrible trade off if you ask me. Also, my eyes go lazy after two seconds of not blinking. I might be tired. Yeah, that's it. OK, so I gotta go. I feel like I am in outer space right now. Ian is in Rita's office talking and talking and talking and talking... Should it annoy me? cuz it does. He is just so....so...so...oh I don't know. Nice? Yeah...he is just so nice. Balright...goodnight and goodmorning. HAPPY GAY PRIDE ALL!

 Well, I have been at work for about 2 hours and haven't even pretended to do any real work. Man this job is cake during the summer. So LAST night turned into an event that was totally unexpected and wonderful. It started with simple margaritas at The Heights, this absolutely adorable little bar/restaurant down the street from work. We (Penelope, Kelly, Rita, and myself) sat on the roof top patio and chugged down some frozen margaritas, margaritas on the rocks, and some free shots. I mean wow! They was good and so were the talks and laughs that we had. After two hours of drinking, and having experienced a torrential downpour, we finally peeled our asses off of the seats and got cabs home. Rita and Kelly were being loud in the cab and I actually asked them to quiet down. That was horrible of me. A lot of bullshit has been going through my head these days and I thank God that I have such good friends to be able to vent to. They were so respectful and polite and allowed me to be the killjoy. I appreciate the support. All of it. Once home, Rita goes "I'll be back in a couple minutes" and up and bolted from the apartment. After five minutes of wondering where the heck she could have gone, Rita returns with 3 slices of steaming hot pizza. Now...what gift could be better than that!?!? After eating her slice, Rita went to put her bag down in her room and ended up passing out completely on her bed, leaving us to wonder...is she dead or alive? No one checked on her. She was dead. And it's all our fault! Stupid Joe. Stupid Kelly. We let our friend die. Kelly and I stayed up and drank a DOUBLE bottle of red wine. Needless to say, I was pretty trashed by the time I went to bed. Kelly and I had some intensely wonderful talks and listened to some great music. It was all very nice. Around 1:30am I shoved the pizza in my face and collapsed on my bed, passing out almost instantly. This morning at 8am I rolled out of bed to pack my shit for home and to shower the grime off my sweaty, nasty body. Rough morning. Finding a parking spot in the city is a nightmare, but I actually scored a sweet spot right in front of the building. God works in mysterious ways. Oh man. I gotta go put more change in the meter. shit mother fucker don't want to get off my lazy ass and go do that, but BE RIGHT BACK!

 The funniest quote I heard/read all day: "I don't like giving presents to selfish girls".

 So once again my mom is the most amazing woman on the planet. I have been researching car rental places for Paul and I for the big vakay. The best deal I could find was $300 for the week (insurance included) for a shitty cavalier. That is an impossibility. Paul and I are not spending all of our money on a car rental. Cuz then the only fun we would have would be driving around town. And then driving some more. We'd probably take a break for a bite to eat and then jump in the car again to do some more driving. I call my mom and explain to her that I don't want to spend my vacation driving around town and doing nothing else. She's like: "Give me 5 minutes". I sit patiently and wait for her to call back. When she does, she informs me that she has reserved us a car for $167 total. (insurance included) UM! Is this woman an angel sent from God? Cuz I think maybe. Now, not only do we have a phat place to stay in, we have a car to drive around wherever we want. The beach is about an hour away from where we are. We would have taken a bus, or ridden bikes. HAHAHAHA But now...eh, we jump in our ride and cruise on down to the sand. I might even park it right on the beach. :-D And the best part of the whole thing is....WE PICK IT UP AT THE AIRPORT! AWESOME! No cabs ever! I love you mom. You are constantly saving my ass.

 Just thought of something...Kelly, if you don't check the "Weather in Hell" today, then you will be a little shocked that I even gave you a hell. Just in case you don't check...today's weather in hell is "Cat food up to your armpits."

 This "Weather in Hell" thing that I put on my site changes daily. So Kelly, if you are ever wondering what your hell is on any particular day, go to this date and you will see that it has changed. winkles!

 KELLY'S HELL :

 Well today is off to a rough start already. At least it is 11am. Time sure flies when you are bullshitting on AIM all morning. Last night Rita and I went to dinner at the NEPTUNE. The Neptune is Kelly, Rita and my favorite restaurant. I have always gotten chicken souvlaki. Always. I think we have been there about 18 times since we have moved to Astoria and I get it on every visit. Well once I got a cheeseburger. But that one time sucked, so that doesn't count. Their food is excellent and the service is so quick. I literally SHOVED my face and actually at one point Rita goes: "You're pretty stoned, huh?". It was that obvious. I only smoked a bowl, but it went right to my head. Somewhat like bubbly. It was a good night. It's nice to do things like that once in awhile. Tonight, Kelly, Rita and I are going out for Ritas. Margaritas. We are going to this place called the "Heights". Supposedly it is this roof top bar and it is pretty cool. Can't wait to see what they got to offer. I don't think I have ever gone out just for ritas before. Gonna be interesting. I don't even know if I like margaritas. The only time I have really had them have been at TGI Fridays or a mexican restaurant. What else...Penelope is patiently, sort of, waiting for a return email from a boy that she potentially has a minor crush on. No email as of this entry, but we all have our fingers crossed that he will contact her asap. I think he will. I know he will. I saw part of The West Wing last night. I think I may have to watch this show next season. It's pretty good. Even if I don't understand a word they are saying. Also, South Park did an amazing homage to the Simpsons last night. That was great. And lastly, I saw part of CrankYankers or whatever that new show on Comedy Central is. It was amusing and then I jerked off and went to bed. I printed out the EMINEM lyrics to "Without Me" this morning. I was unpleasantly surprised to find that not only does he rip apart Moby in the second verse, he also calls him a "fag". What is wrong with these people? I think EMINEM is an amazing artist, but shit like that is just so uncalled for. If anything, he's the fag. If anything...let's just stop using that term fag. Last friday night, when I called Paul to tell him about the guy that ripped me apart on the bus, one of the idiot things he said was: "Well, Joe. You call people fag too. What goes around comes around." It hurt that he said that, cuz when I use it, I think it's ok. Now the more I think about it...I realize that it's not ok. I used to be afraid to even utter a word that rhymed with fag. But now, I use it pretty frequently. I am going to try to curb it again. Although Paul was ignorant in what he said, he does have a point. And he doesn't use the word. So I will see what I can do about this. As for words like "Dyke and lesbo", I can DEFINITELY still use those cuz I'm not one and it won't hurt to be called that. Makes sense. ;) What else...today for lunch Rita and I are getting California Rolls. "Pizza Friday" now has a sister called "California Roll Thursday". And I love them. Pretty hungry and pretty excited to shove my face with 8 rolls at lunch. hee hee hee hee (puke) Alright...enoughs enough.

 SO my mom just calls me and tells me that my granny's house was hit by a tornado. UM! It took her porch right off the house. It flew into the sky or the lake or whatever. (She lives in Utica on a lake.) OMIGOD! Does this really happen to little old ladies? How awful. I have been trying to reach her but the line is consistently busy. MY POOR GRANNY! :(

 WOW. COULD I BE MORE FUCKING BORED AT MY JOB??? At least I have some friends to play with and pizza down the block. If it weren't for those two things, I just don't know what I would do. However, I have the most intense garlic breath now. It's pretty bad. Every time I burp...I go "Now what is THAT flavor?" And then I realize, it's piggy-ness. I ate two slices AND had a cigarette in about 12 minutes. Um. Help me someone. So I wrote Paul this full page email. He has this new job, as I have mentioned. So I write him this huge email to which he responds with the following: "Here I am." HAHAHAHAHA No really. That's all he wrote back. "Here I am." Here I am. What a crazy monster. Also..one other thing.... TWO RITAS AND I AINT KIDDING THIS TIME~~~~~~~~~~~~~ TWO. RITAS. OR. NO. RITAS. And I don't mean Rita Lovely. The end.

 Ever wonder why those frogs come flying out of the sky in the movie Magnolia? Well, it has been plaguing me ever since I saw it. Luckily, Penelope is a fucking genius and strange coincidences happen to her all the time. Visit urlLink her blogger and read today's entry to learn more.

 Something else pretty great happened today. I was outside reading my new book urlLink How to be a Working Actor when I came across a section on headshots. It seemed as though I did everything right: Wear only solid colors, no jewelry for men, two different shots (open mouth/closed mouth), pictures with warmth in the eyes, pictures that look like myself, pics that make you want to stare at them for awhile and then: "Choose a photographer in NYC or Los Angeles. It's not that local photographers are untalented, they simply do not have a frame of reference to do the photo work that you will need." I breathe a sigh of relief (not that it REALLY matters anyway) and kept reading. "We've included some names of photographers that consistently get attention in both NYC and Los Angeles." UM...NICK GRANITO is on the list folks! My jaw about hit the ground! I guess I did something right! YAY! Now let's see if it will net me any gigs. yipes.



 KELLY IS CORRECT! I forgot LIFEBOAT as one of the movies I saw in that 36 hour span this weekend. DAMN! BTW...LIFEBOAT is amazing! It is a classic with Tallulah Bankhead and it is wonderful. And...LOL...Kelly...I love that little motorcycling emoticon in the guestbook. I died laughing when I saw it. X-( That is me dead.

 Hi all. So far today has been a bit better than yesterday. I didn't get much more sleep than I did the night before, but I feel a little less zombie-ish that I did yesterday at this time. So BIG news. I got home yesterday to find my headshots waiting in the mailbox for me! I ran into the house, sat at the table, had a minor panic attack and opened the envelope. Inside were two of the best pictures I have ever seen of myself! I was ELATED. They both came out exactly like I wanted and I was actually a little suprised at how well the touch ups look. The pictures are a lot brighter, more clear, and I just about love them to death. I am very proud. I prayed so desperately for these to be good and whether or not anyone else likes them in the world...I do. They give me confidence and they are surely a perfect start to my "career". Gosh...I can't wait until the day when I can say my "career" and mean it seriously. Thank you to everyone for getting me through this whole process. Without you I would have had about 17 mental breakdowns and surely one of them would have destroyed me. Especially you Rita. You have convinced me that I am in fact NOT bald. :-D I am hungry. And I haven't taken a shit since dinner last night. Where the hell did all that bullshit go? Hopefully right to my ass. I definitely need that. So we had a GREAT TIME last Friday at Ian's party. The night started off on a rough note (see Saturdays entry for explanation), but ended so well. Rita and I made some new friends and SHMOOZED like it was nobody's business. I drank red wine all night and it was goooood. So good in fact that I spilled a glass of it all over my new pants. Kelly and Rita spent the entire weekend trying every trick in the book to get the stain out and nothing worked. White wine does not always get out red wine. Salt water does not always get out red wine. Shout wipes can fuck off forever. I met (well...actually second time I met) this guy Rick that night. He is sorta cute. Older, which I like, nice body, but way too small for my tastes, and so fucking pushy that I think he wanted me to knock him out. He was all over my shit. I explained to him over and over about Paul and he wouldn't let up. Everyone was smoking my cigarettes and Rick left to walk his friend to the subway, only to return with a pack of cigarettes for me. Mind you, he smoked none of them earlier. He kissed me over and over and I just sat there trying to escape. He tried to be sweet, telling me all this bullshit, but the moment was over when he grabbed my dick through my pants. FUCKING ASSHOLES. Someone please tell me WHY gay men do this to other gay men??? This is the second time this has happened to me with douchebags. I lose EVERY OUNCE of respect for a guy when he does that. It's not funny and by the way...get your fucking hand off my dick...which you would never get to touch in any case. UGH. So Rick...33 year old idiot. Needless to say, I will not be asking Rick to hang out ever in my lifetime. And if he calls me at work (unfortunately he has my work number through Ian), I will be explaining to him how men with no class can go shopping for boys on the corner. This bitch got class. One really good thing that happened at the party... I met this girl named India. (yes all of the gay men at the party sang "Thank you India" to her over and over---and yes,it was superbly annoying) India proceeds to tell me that I am "gorgeous" and makes my night with her sweetness. She was really great. Turns out that she works as an assistant casting director. She told me that a good friend of her "Lamont" is a casting director for As the World Turns . As soon as I get my reprints done, I will be sending her my resume/pic/cover letter. HOW AMAZING! It's one direction to pursue. That's for sure. She said that Lamont will "love me". Meaning he will want me to suck his dick. Baright. No problem there. Just as long as he doesn't grab my dick through my pants. THAT is just unclassy. After the party, Kelly, Rita and I went home to hang at the house and to talk. It was an amazing night. I had so much fun. It's nice not to have expectations for things, cuz then when it turns out good...the whole night is a BLAST! K...think that is it for now. Latas.

 Well, it is one of those days. You know those days, when there is nothing to look forward to and you hate everything for no reason. I must admit...it could be a Monday thing. I hated last Monday too so maybe I am catching on to something. That's it. No more Mondays at work. Mondays are meant to be spent in bed and staring at the wall. Oddly enough, I feel as though I hate Mondays more than I hate Sundays. At least with Sundays you don't have to pretend that it is a shitty day. And you get to sleep late. Sundays ain't so bad in comparison. I miss Paul tremendously today. I just wrote him a letter explaining how much I love him and miss him. I feel like he doesn't hear either of those two things enough from me. He needs to. I leave for vacation in a month and two days. ROCK. I really can't wait. Plus...my birfday is next week and that is pretty cool. Pretty cool cuz it will be a very long weekend taken by me. We have off both July 4th and the 5th. Our boss was incredibly cool for letting that happen. Don't say he never gave us anything. ;) I am so tired today. Slept for about 4 and a half hours. It was so sweaty and muggy in my room last night. I basically laid on top of the fan and even that was of no use. Rita tells me to put the fan in my window. It's worth a try. Doing that the minute I go into my room tonight. I was just thinking about Kyle from the Real World. Just sitting here and thinking about him. Who does that? He is the only straight guy that I have come across that acts like such a catty bitch. He really is a piece of shit. What was I ever thinking when I fell in love with him a couple months ago. Not only has he become the ugliest face on tv...his personality makes it almost impossible for him to be human. If you missed last weeks Real World episode, it will be on again at 9:30pm tomorrow night. Watch it. The way he and Kera act will allow you to get out any sort of misplaced anger. Direct it right at these two monsters. They are beasts. No...worse then beasts. They are ugly inside and out. And pussies. They are DEFINITELY pussies. In 36 hours this weekend, I watched the following movies: Monster's Ball Legally Blonde Black Hawk Down The Truth About Cats and Dogs Scream 3 Damn. That's quite a lot of movies huh? If you think about it...that is 10 hours of movies in 36 hours. And I must have slept and ate at some point too, right? I definitely recommend each and every one of the movies I saw. They were all entertaining, some intense, others ridiculous, but most of all...relaxing. Alright. I think that be it for today. Basically didn't want a day to go by without writing. But it might have been better off if I did. This entry even put me to sleep.

 So probably for the first time in my blogger history I am writing about something that happened to me tonight that affected me in a really emotional way. I am actually using this blogger as a way to get out some of the feelings that I have since Paul was really of no use. (wasted...and saying the total wrong things. I politely got off the phone) Rita and I were riding the bus to Ian's party from Queens. The bus picks us up at the subway stop and proceeds over the Triborough and into Harlem...125th Street. The bus fills up and Rita and I are bullshitting. This black guy with a gigantic laundry bag walks by Rita and I, hitting me in the leg with the laundry bag to which we both make eye contact and nod...no problems, and puts it on the seat next to Reets. Rita and I continue to laugh and talk when suddenly...and I mean SUDDENLY, this guy starts yelling in a very loud voice"You are a FAG dude. You are flirting with her and you're a fag. FAG FAG FAG FAG FAG..." I have no idea what was coming out of his mouth at that point. Without ever once making eye contact with me, this guy yelled to everyone on the bus any and every possible derogatory comment imaginable. The entire time I sat there quietly looking at him in shock. Luckily...the other people on the bus (nationalities mixed) were looking at me in the eye and giving me the "He's crazy/I'm sorry you are dealing with this look". That helped a bit. For about 5 solid minutes, this guy took ZERO breaths and yelled to the bus that I was a fag mother fucker gay boy liar fag something whatever. It was the scariest 10 minutes of my life. I go through every day feeling safe. In a city this size, I walk down the streets with my head held high and my self esteem booming. In the blink of an eye someone can change that entire outlook. I've been lucky. I have never had a problem here. But now... This has shaken me up a bit. I sit here, after the night is all over and it is 4:30am, and I am scared. I am choked up and I am embarrassed. If I ever thought that I could escape my past, tonight was proof that it will always remain in my concious. Tonight was a challenge that without Rita I would not have overcome. I wanted to be strong and I was. I am pretty impressed with how gracefully I handled it. I was in shock. And thank God it was Rita. I didn't feel embarrassed in front of her. I felt safe next to her. I felt loved and understood. I said to both Kelly and Rita tonight that I couldn't imagine dealing with that with someone other than them. Even Penelope...I couldn't do it. It is such a humbling and humiliating moment and I always worry that the other person is going to be embarrassed of me. I went through 3 years of highschool fearing everything. Based on these experiences I couldn't even walk to refill my glass in the dining hall without fear of someone laughing, pointing, or saying something that would crush me. Up until I came out at the age of 21 did the shit stop. I lived and survived 8 years of pure torment. It started in 8th grade and didn't finish until Senior year. (the first senior year) :) I have risen above this. I have to understand that this happens. I was too comfortable and I needed my world shaken up. We all have to be careful here. You girls especially. Shit goes wrong way too easily. I will move past this and eventually it will be as though it never happened. But for now...I am a little wiser, a little more aware, and stronger in my faith in God than I have ever been. It is through him that we get tested, but not destroyed. What a night.

 So I had my cigarette and haven't gone to the bathroom yet. However, I did leave a nice egg bomb in the elevator for the next person to use it. Now my intestines are boiling. bubbling. whatever it is. It's coming. yowzahs. its gonna be a doozy.

 IT'S FRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIDAY! ROCK. Siffle and Olly Rock! This week, although not a bad week was a SLOW week. It crawled like molasses. And I hate molasses. I can't believe I get to sleep in for two whole days in a row. I can't wait to stay up super late tonight to watch movies, be wasted, and masturbate masturbate masturbate. I just love tugging on my dick sometimes. Feels kinda good. So last night I had a wonderful time with Penelope. We laughed, drank, played games, acted liked lunatics...ok...I acted like a lunatic and smoked about 1000 bongs. Thank you for that P. (I have been out of pot for a couple days now and I was JUH JONSING last night) I kept being like "wanna pack it again?...no really...pack it again." Who the hell do I think I am? She was so generous as always. We also spoke about some Paul related issues to which she gave some incredible insight as to the fight I had with him the other day. This girl has got wisdom. I have said it before and I will say it again. She teaches me new things every time I sit and talk with her. I only smoked 4 cigarettes yesterday. YAYAYAYAYAY. lie. I smoked about 4 every 15 minutes. But they tasted so good! YAYAYAYAYAAYAYAY Want to hear something really strange? Yesterday when I was in the park I saw a squirrel with a bright green tail. It was bushy and green. Um. I thought maybe he dipped it into paint by accident. eh...lying about this too. never happened. Truthfully though...and this IS true...I was in Urban Outfitters last week and Mariah goes: "JOE...do not make a scene, but turn around and look who is standing behind you." I do and see no one. Then Mariah goes: "Joe...it's Kelly from the Real World/Road Rules Challenge! You know...with Danny!" I BUGGED! It was the first pseudo-famous person I have seen in the city. I once saw the back of Natalie Portman's head, but she had lice and I don't like lice. I stared at Kelly for about a thousand seconds and noticed that she was with a TALL, beautiful man. It was quite the experience and THANKS to Mariah for pointing that one out. Bitch didn't even really watch the show...and I watched it every week. But I would never have recognized her. Kelly...I read your sister's away message and it says: " Out to lunch w/gen & sons!... then 50 FOOT slip n' slidin!:-D!...lol....& then possibly to the Y...i*ll be home sumtime later. Love You~* *" UM! 50 Foot Slip n slide!?!?!?!?! LUCKY! Why can't I go on a 50 ft. slip n slide??? I've been a good boy this week. A really good boy. Stupid slip n slide'n assholes. TONIGHT PARTY AT IAN'S! It will prolly suck, but I am really excited about it. Never get to go to parties. And if it does in fact suck...I am grabbing Rita and Mariah's hands and bolting from the pad. We will be up by work so we should be able to take the bus. Wouldn't that be different and enjoyable? I plan on having bottled water and coffee all night. Gotta lay off the booze. LOLOLOLOLOLOL in other news...my brother called me two days in a row. It was AMAZING to talk to him. Always is. But today we talked for 3 minutes and I go "Ok winfield. I don't know what else to say. I'm just gonna go now." He burst out laughing and was like "Fine. I will call you Sunday." Good boy he is. Oh! Here's a tidbit of information from our friend Penelope. To place a 411 call free of charge. Dial 555-5555. No matter what area code you are in. FUCKING AMAZING RIGHT!? So no more bullshit charges for simple addresses. Awesome. I have tested it out and it works. Thank her yourself. Time to go have a smoke with P before she goes home. Then it might be up to the 5th floor bathroom. I got something brewing and it ain't a fucking potroast. (unless potroast comes in liquid form)

 So I have to tell my blogging world something that happened as soon as I got into the office this morning. I opened my email account to find the most wonderful message from Paul. You see...yesterday...at the height of our huge arguement, we began sending mini emails back and forth. This is how the dialogue went: Paul: "You hurt me so much. You don't even realize it." Joe: "Stop throwing things in my face. I wouldn't hurt you if you consistently didn't hurt me." P: "I don't want to talk about this anymore." J: "Fine. I get it." P: "OH. I GET IT!" J: "Go fuck yourself." (At this point I begin sending him message upon message (53 to be exact) to his cell phone with only the number "1" written in the body of the email) P: "Stop with the baby 1's." J: "Fuck you. Leave me alone please." (He does leave me alone for a bit and then I write:) J: " :(" P: " :( X 10000" J: " :( X 100000000000000000infinity" J: "Call me please" He then called and we had a short, but sweet conversation in which I got off very weird. (I was still very upset and hurt) Last night I called him and left a message telling him that I loved him and that I missed him and hated fighting with him. I also said how much I fucking hate this long distance bullshit because we can never make up properly. He never called back. But this morning I came in to find this message in my inbox: Paul: "Here i am home again. Without tu. Again. I love you. I love you X 9999 infinity." Are we serious? This is the reason I love this boy. He is so thoughtful and sweet. He took our conversation and turned it around into a beautiful thing. He may not be able to offer me everything that I need in this relationship, but what he can give, he does. BTW... "tu" means "you" in spanish. The message warmed my heart and definitely has started my day out on a very postive note. Any reminance of hurt that I had left over from yesterday has now been squashed. I still feel bad about the anger and frustration that we slung at eachother, but it happens. Thank God for Paul. I love him so very much.

 These words rhyme with boring: snoring coring touring mourning morning flooring soaring mandible (but it's a good word to know...so it counts)

 It's so funny. You spend all day acting like a lunatic and then suddenly it is 4pm and you are exhausted and bored out of your mind. I don't understand it. Now that I am not angry anymore...I have nothing left to contribute to this day. I am so fucking BORED! UGH! I wanna go home now please. Home forever! Eh...maybe just until tomorrow.

 Just talked to Paul and he was amazing. It doesn't take away the hurt and anger I am still feeling. That will take some time. However, I am a little comforted by the fact that he does love me so much. I know I say it every five minutes, but let me say it again. Being in a long distance relationship absolutely blows. Conversations are always misinterpreted, fights get so out of hand, and there is never a chance for that beautiful make up sex. Instead, both people walk away feeling empty and alone. I know he is really lonely and hurt right now. That hurts the most. I don't want him to hurt. NEVER EVER EVER EVER get into a long distance relationship folks. They are impossible to make work. No matter how much you try. It will never be a full-fledge give and take until the two of you are in the same place. It is an every day ache that can be dealt with, but never cured. It is sad and it is difficult. This whole thing is so tough.

 Feel a little bit better having layed out in the park for an hour. Getting some sun makes things just a little more tolerable. I love this kid so much that he makes me fucking crazy. It is so hard to explain. Ugh. I don't know. So tired emotionally right now. He takes a lot out of me. I just want my vacation/bday/4th of July to go well. It's just that everything is like pulling teeth with him. And I hate the dentist. What a long day. I pray for it to be over. Time to go back to bed and start over again tomorrow.

 fucking hate him. fucking hate Paul. Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck. he makes me so damn crazy. he makes me want to hurt me deeply. Really. He makes me want to HURT him. fucking hate him.

 UGH. Dilemmas dilemmas. I just spoke with Paul about the upcoming events in the next couple of months. We spoke about my birthday/4th of July and a weekend trip with the girls of 56B. (we are hoping and desperately trying to plan a weekend in the poconos or something) The weekend with the girls is supposed to be with boyfriends. I asked Paul if he would accompany me there and he immediately said "no, I don't want to". He is like "I don't know any of those people and I am not going". Fucking figures. Why should he ever make a sacrifice like this for me? Whatever. I will still go without him. It embarrasses me, but there is still time for him to change his mind. And if he doesn't....eh...I'll cheat on him. That will make me feel better. :-D I don't know what to do for my birthday and 4th of July. No one has really mentioned anything to me yet and Paul is of no help. He would LOVE for me to come to Boston on the 4th and wants me to stay through the weekend so that he can work the whole time and leave me stranded in the apartment. Sounds like a plan. YEAH FUCKING RIGHT. I am NOT spending my long 4th of July weekend sitting on an ugly orange sectional couch cooped up in the fucking living room alone. Never gonna happen. So as of this moment...I will not be going to Boston. OH! And want to know the real kicker? Paul is like..."I am coming to NYC on June 28th and staying through July 3rd." At first I am like "Great! You will be here for my birthday!" Then I realize what he is saying. Paul is going to come down for a 3 day visit in NYC during which I won't even be here. I am thinking he is coming down for gay pride with Mariah. So I realize that he can't take off the long 4th of July weekend to be with me because he will be taking those other days off to hang with Mariah in NYC - when i am not even here! Real fucking nice. It's my fucking birthday. So fine. If this is the "game" we are going to play, I will probably just go home for the 4th. Or maybe to Syracuse with Ritza. I mean really. I am not going to bend over backwards for shit with him anymore. He can do what he wants and I surely will be doing what I want. Annoying. Frustrating and annoying. This long distance thing fucking blows. In other news...I am having beans and rice for dinner. It is my new obsession and I cant wait. Kind of sad, huh? When Rita and I got home yesterday, I walked in to find my free cd's sitting in my foyer. ROCK! I can't believe it! I was so excited. I screamed like a woman and immediately ran and put them in my stereo. I blared music for hours. Then when Scott and Rita got home, we played The Simpsons Clue game and then a quick round of Pictionary. It was pretty damn fun. Rita won The Simpson's Game, but that might only be because Kelly wasn't there. I think there may be a tournament of champions coming. Sooooooooooooo hungry. So hungry and yeah...real hungry. All I want is Burger King and all I can't have is Burger King. I am really trying to cut this shit out before my vacation...but who knows. As Paul said so kindly last weekend, while looking at me with my shirt off, "Are you going to be comfortable with your shirt off at the beach?" Oh God. Go fuck yourself asshole. (It was mildly humerous at the time, but now...it's just plain hurtful and obnoxious. I mean...do I sit there and tell him he should be uncomfortable to show his nasty mug in public? And by mug...I mean fucking idiot face.) I hate him right now. It'll pass...probably even by lunch...but for right now...I hate. I want so badly to give a Real World recap from last night, but it might have to wait a few days. It was an exceptionally frustrating and wonderful episode. I gotta give you peeps a chance to catch it. You won't be disappointed! The more I looked at the blown up headshots last night...the more I loved them. They really grew on me. I think that maybe I'm not bald afterall. Maybe I can still play fun, young characters. Maybe I won't have to play Telly Savalas's twin in my first breakout role. Well...it IS just a maybe. Yesterday, on the way down the steps from the subway...I saw this kid that I knew from growing up. His name is Jerry and my brother and I used to spend 2 weeks every summer with them while we were growing up. They have a summer house, next door to my granny, and it is on Oneida Lake. It is a beautiful lake and we would go tubing, fishing, swimming, boat racing, etc every summer. We were very fond of Kick the Can. It was the best summers ever! I loved it. But then I grew up and didn't want to go anymore. My granny used to make us drink the milk from our cereal bowls and that made me gag everytime. We would walk downstairs to see our breakfast of cornflakes with sliced banana sitting on the table. I would choke on my disgust and cover the bowl with tons of sugar when she wasn't looking. Nowadays...I WISH I could have cornflakes with bananas. But FUCK if I would ever drink the milk. That shit will never be cool. It will always be slimy and sick. If you do in fact drink the milk from your cereal bowls...never tell me. I will have to vomit right in your lap. still hungry. Hungarian that is. Don't know what else to write, but don't feel like not writing. Just want to type and type until the frustration with Paul dissipates. I am not the innocent one in the scenario. I am a prick and very difficult to deal with. It's just that I HATE this long distance nonsense. It would be fine if he had to work on July 5th if we were both in NYC. I would just hang with someone else. But when in Boston...I am forced to either see people I don't feel like seeing or sitting in his creepy apartment with his new boring roommate. It's not entirely his fault. The part about coming to NYC to spend gay pride with Mariah and using up his free time with her and not me will always chap my ass, OK He just called and tried to make it better, but I wasn't having it. I hate him right now. I don't want anything to do with him and now I definitely don't want to write anymore. Time to go stew.

 Well...I just walked in from lunch. During my break I went to the studio to pick the two shots I liked the best. I was a little suprised at how they turned out. They are good...but I just get nervous. They hadn't been retouched yet, so I hope that that helps. The pictures are definitely not bad. But I am balding! Can someone have a talk with my scalp and tell it to stop it immediately. I mean this is ridiculous. There aren't many roles out there for 18 year old bald kids! Well some...but that is just cancer patients and AIDS babies. I don't want to be a cancer ridden AIDS baby. :( Whatever....when I got back with the pics...everyone was like..."ooh" and "ahh" and "I don't like them". My boss, Teef, didn't like the way the pictures were taken, and that shook me up a bit. And they saw the ones I DIDN'T pick. If I show anyone the ones I DID pick and they say the same thing...I will probably crawl into a hole and evaporate. I should have gotten my haircut again before the pics. The spikes on the top of my head make me look bald. But whatever. It's over and I can't worry about it anymore. I am just going to be confident in the fact that it is over. I have waited to years to get these bald headed pics...now I just have to go out there and audition audition audition. I want this so badly! Almost time to go home. And buy Rogaine!

 That pizza sure hit the spot. The spot in my lower intestines. OH UGH GOTTA GO! Instead of going to the park, I am quickly running to Nick's studio to decide on two of the four headshots he blew up. I hope I can make it back to work in an hour. It will be a close one. I am so fucking nervous about these pics. I have spent a GREAT deal of money and I really need them to turn out well. They are supposed to save my life. And what if they don't? I prayed on them last week. I asked God to please bless them and make them what I need. I hope my prayer goes through. Pray that my prayer goes through, k? K. K (now I wear white hoods and believe in white supremacy) never. always. adios.

 Pretty great day so far. The weather is beautiful, the co-workers have been pre-occupied, and it is already 1:15pm! ROCK. Penelope is out sick today. Out sick getting a new love seat!! Amazing. I can't wait to see it. She has been so excited to get it and the day has finally arrived. Oooh...! I know she is having a good day. :-D So folks...did we catch the new urlLink Road Rules ? It is season 11 and of course it is wonderful! The cast is really great. They seem like really nice, very young, totally watchable people. There is a gay guy and a lesbian. The gay guy is pretty cool so far and the lesbian is not only beautiful...she is cool as fuck. Kelly...you will LOVE her...I call it now. And of course...I have a new boyfriend. His name is urlLink Eric and he is so fucking adorable, I don't know what to do with myself. Besides being beautiful, he has an incredible sense of humor and is so open minded and cool. Within the first 15 minutes of the premiere, he is fully making out with Kendall (the girl hottie on the show). He totally likes her and the bitch has "too many emotional scars" to deal with him. SNORE. Cuz this kid is a FIND! The gay guy, Shane, jokes about hearing Kendall and Eric making out and Eric is like "Shane, why don't you come up here and cuddle with us?". Shane does and it is so fucking amazing, I almost jizzed right on myself. I want to cuddle with Eric. Why didn't he ask me?!?!?! Please start watching. I am going to need people to discuss this season with. It's gonna be a good one! Last night, I got home and hung with Rita and her boyfriend Scott for awhile. I had a glass or two of wine with them and watched some Fear Factor. Scott is a great guy and makes me laugh every time we have a conversation. Also, he is so sweet and polite in the morning and it is a pleasure to bump into him when coming back from the shower. He has a heart of gold. Rita has been overjoyed to have him in the house. As of July 1st, he will be living with us for at least a month. I am happy about it. Be nice to have another guy in the house. As long as he remembers who is queen. So, supposedly there is a picture of Mike Piazza almost naked in the post today. I guess he did a photo shoot for Women's Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue . A bunch of athletes did. I have looked all over the paper and have yet to find the pic. If you or someone you know has any idea where this pic could be...email it to Joe ASAP. I am dying to see him with his shirt off. Is it fat? Is it muscle? Is it just plain the best thing ever? Probably. Last night for dinner, I made Rice and Beans. Now rice and beans has no need for capitals, but last night it did. It was so fucking good. Rita told me what spices to use and boy was she right. I scarfed. Rita and Scott went to KFC to get dinner and brought me back biscuits. I scarfed those too. YUM. Motha fuckin yum. I might have rice and beans again tonight. It was THAT good. I was supposed to hang with Mariah tonight, but those plans fell through. I invited her to go to this housewarming party with me on Friday. This guy I work with, Ian, is throwing a bash and I feel as though we should all go. If anyone reading this wants to go too, let me know. The more the merrier. Or at least the less uncomfortable. Going to the park on lunch today. Time for baby to get a tan. Well, time for baby to continue working on getting a tan. Florida is almost here and I am palest. Well not palest by any means...but nowhere near what I need to be. It's pretty cold in here. My nipples just packed their bags and took the elevator out of here. Thanks a lot nipples. Fucking bastards leaving me at the worst time. My baby is hungry for some milk! I just ordered a slice of pizza. Am I fucking serious? I had a slice yesterday. And I had it for dinner on Sunday. And I had it last Friday. This is turning into a full blown obsession. I am embarrassed, down on myself, and TOTALLY EXCITED FOR IT TO GET HERE. This bitch is starving! This is me eating my pizza: :-O :-X :-O :-X :-D - yum now to eat it for real......................

 So although my mood has ranged from elated to annoyed today, the time has flown by and it is almost time to go home. Rock. This weekend was pretty great. There were a few problems with Paul on Friday, but nothing that wasn't easily worked out. He will just never be allowed to drink alcohol in my presence again. Pretty easy thing to do. Saturday with Rita and Kelly was great. Sunday's pizza for dinner idea was amazing! Thanks to Rita for that! I can still feel it sitting in the depths of my bowels...but it was oh so good. As though pizza could ever not be good. If I was Mike Piazza, I would change my name to Mike Pizza. But that is just me. There was a board meeting today that everyone I worked with had to go to. Snore. Hoobastank plays on my Launch Player alot. I like when they play. Today my glands hurt on my neck. I assume they are glands. If they are tumors...then they can just deal with that...cuz I do not have the time. fucking phone is ringing. So Paul got a second job. He will be assisting in an office for 20 hours a week at $15 an hour. I am very proud of him for securing this job. He got it through Mariah's ex-boss. He does need office experience and this will help him with that a bit. He has no idea how to use a computer and maybe this job will assist him with that too. But...and of course there is always a but.... :( I don't want him to get another job. He barely has enough time to come visit now and with this new job....(big sigh) I want him to move here. Well, today I do. We have been talking a lot about it over the last couple of months and we are just about there. He will do it, I think. There is an opening in Mariah's apartment that he could fill. Unfortunately he would have to fill it by the end of July. That may be too quick. There is another girl named Jen, who is pretty cool, that is moving from Boston to NYC at the end of the summer. This idea seems a lot more probable, cept Paul would rather live with Mariah then with Jen. Who wouldn't? So I don't know. I miss him alot today. I want him to be here so that after work, I can just go to his apartment and climb into bed with him. We can go to movies, plays, dinner, and the such, with no pressure of making sure to get enough "alone" time in. So fucking frustrating. Trying to be patient about it all, cuz I have to be. Yet, the decision is his and I must let him make the decision on his own. In other news... No other news...not in the mood to write anymore. Gonna go research more information about my vacation! YAYAYAYAY!

 barp

 HI WINFIELD, if you are reading this. I am so glad that you will be able to see this now! I love you and call me soon! Going to turn in my headshots right now and absolutely terrified. Which fucking picture do I fucking pick? I am so confused. After having all of my friends look at them and even me staring at 8 sheets of proofs for hours...I not only think that I am the ugliest guy on the planet...I think that I am halfway balding and have skin made of rubber. No matter. There are tons of parts out there for gay men with rubber face and no hair. P.s. Kudos for Kelly for being the only one who knew what "Rubber Face" was when I asked the question a couple of weeks ago. Wish me luck today!

 5 minutes until work is over and 5 minutes until I get to see my boyfriend. I love him and I am very excited. I think we might go to a movie or out to dinner. He was in a bad mood on the phone when he called and hopefully that is how he will be all night. :( Whatever...he is allowed...I just want us to have a nice visit. YAY! Weekend is almost here! Right around the corner. Much...MUCH better day at work today. Thank the Lord for small pleasures. I had California Rolls today. 8 of them. Rita and I got them for lunch. Um. By the way...I LOVE THEM! And I got so full while I was eating them. Rita housed them like the house she is. :-D She was like..."Just push through Joe...keep eating them. You will be hungry in 10 minutes." And guess what? The girl knows her stuff. I am starving again right now and I just ate 3 hours ago. Time to go eat something healthier...as in Pizza laden with French Fries and gravy. I may add a little melted chocolate to the top to make it go down a little more smoothly. Have a great night folks!

 Wow what a day. If you ask Penelope, I think that we could justifiably say that this was the worst day we have ever had at work. However it all turned out okay. And you know why? Because she and I have a friendship that knows no bounds. Let me just take a moment and say that I love this girl. No matter what happens at work, she and I have always found a way for our friendship to survive. And we will continue to do so. She is a good girl. I cherish every moment, conversation, and obstacle we face. I love you P. I love you dearly.

 Okay...one more thing. (I can't stay off this thing today) I just messed around with my AIM setups. I gave most of my friends "buddy icons" that match their personality. For example...Jessica is a flower (based on Lotus), Mariah is "Tweet" (the singer), and so on and so forth. However, the best one I assigned was for Angie, Kelly's ex-girlfriend. I made her "Slytherin" from Harry Potter. I am dying laughing at my own little joke. If you have seen the movie, you will understand why Slytherin is so damn funny. Even if you haven't seen the movie, you can understand why SLYTHERIN could be funny. Slither like snakes, memble? Eh...it was funny to me.

 Now these quizzes are just getting ridiculous. Time to sign out of blogger for a bit. urlLink take the butt quiz. urlLink and go to mewing.net. why not visit the site of someone who made a quiz about butts?

 OH REAL FUCKING GREAT! REALLY FUCKING GREAT! urlLink take the death quiz. urlLink and go to mewing.net. laura = great.

 LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL. Funniest quiz ever! urlLink what's your battle cry? | urlLink mewing.net | urlLink merchandise!

 urlLink Fun and could be true So I just took another test to find out who I was in my past life and this is what it said: Diagnosis: -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- You were a guy in your last earthly incarnation. You were born in the middle of Montreal, Quebec around 1075. You were a undertaker. You dealt with dead things.. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- A bit about your past-life persona: You had a huge personality and were well-liked by everyone. People often sought your advice. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The lesson that your past life has brought to the present: You are bound to solve problems with pollution of environment, recycling, misuse of raw materials, elimination of radioactivity by all means including psychological methods. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Now this is the second time that I have found out that I was an Undertaker in my past life. Is there anyway this could be true? It would explain why I have such a fear of people dying around me. Losing someone I love is something that plagues me every five minutes of every day. I obsess over it without control. If you know me, you know I deal with this. So is it possible that this is because of what I saw and did in the past? Huh. Interesting to think about.

 So I gotta real problem. I am in love with every new teenage female artist. You remember the Michelle Branch phase and then the Vanessa Carlton phase and now....(drumroll please), my new favorite is urlLink Avril Lavigne . Please feel free to check her out. (And remember...you heard about her here first!) Her debut song is called Complicated and it is pretty great. It is fun, light, and catchy. Plus...this girl seems to be more of a rocker than the other two. And to top it off, she is actually hot. Member when I thought Vanessa was hot and then she turned out to be beast? Michelle is not ugly...just a little off somehow. But Avril...welcome to my life. The song is good and she seems cool, even if she is only 17. In my next life I want to be a teenage female rockstar. They have the most fun.

 I just love my mother. Is it weird or unacceptable to love her this much? Probably, but I don't care. It is like every time we hang out we get closer and closer. When I hugged her goodbye last night I felt like we were both going to start crying. It is just so intense. I wish that she and my dad could live closer to me. I told her this last night. I would love to get together for dinner with them or meet up for a movie or just sit around and have some wine and talk. I can't get enough of them and each time we DO get together it goes by so quick and then it's goodbyes. I hate goodbyes. Last night I ran to pick up my headshots and then I jetted over to the Crowne Plaza where my mom was staying. We poured over the headshots together and she picked her favorite ones. (I have to admit that with over 100 different shots, 75% of them were so damn ridiculous that I couldn't stop laughing. Laughing with an embarrassed face.) After this, we went to the upper east side and did some shopping. She threw out her lower back earlier in the week so she has been experiencing some pain whenever she walks. :( But she wanted to shop and that we did. After this we went back to 42nd and walked around for a bit. Ultimately we ended up at this diner called Stardust's. It is a 50's style diner where the waitresses sing while they wait on you. No. Seriously. It was: "Hi, my name is Kerry and I will be your waitress." (Pause to sing a line from Phantom of the Opera) "What would you like to drink?" (Pause to sing another line) In the beginning I had a very hard time keeping a straight face. I mean...they were waiting on tables and singing into microphones. I loved it! And I decided that this will be the restaurant that Mariah will work in. She says that she wants to wait tables. I feel that with her experience and knowledge of the food industry, a diner really works best for her. AND YOU GET TO SING DURING THE WHOLE SHIFT! Perfect for her. The food was great. (what diner food isn't?) After dinner we walked around a bit more and then went back to her hotel room. We talked for a bit and then I said goodbye. :( The last two days with her have been very special and I thank God for my relationship with her. She is the person I love the most in my life. She is everything. I paid off the rest of the vacation with her. I also gave her money for the father's day gift I got my dad. In total: $236. Yikes. Really yikes. Like I even come close to having that money. Oh well. At least the vacation is paid for now. All I gotta do is save up some spending cash. Thank GOD I opened that savings account. Otherwise...I would really be in the whole. After getting home I watched the Real World and then Kelly Osbournes' "Making the Video". Love the girl, but she is a little cheesy. Ok..a lot cheesy and I am thinking that this girl will be a one hit wonder. Well that is if Madonna won't let her use any more songs. But the REAL WORLD! Oh man this show just keeps getting better and better. A full flege war has been waged between Tonya and Kera. Please catch the repeat to see what I mean. And next week!?!?!?! DAMN GOIL! This shit be goin down! Tomorrow Paul comes into town to stay for a couple of days. I can't believe how much I miss him already. I have seen him so much lately, but it never seems to be enough. I can go a good 3 days without feeling sad, but after that...it gets kind of hairy. Ugh. The life and times of a long distance relationship. Does this upset ever go away? Nope. Definitely not. Remind me to never do this long distance thing again, ok? It doesn't feel so good. So I woke up this morning to find 3 half naked boys in my living room. Well isn't THAT a beautiful early morning present! Loved it! I sat with Kelly for a bit and talked about her night. Sounds like her and Rita had quite the evening. Drinks and a show and fun! Good for them. Well good for Rita. Kelly gets wasted every night now. lol. Check out her diary to see. Also, on the subway this morning I saw an old woman's panty covered vagina. Enough said. And on my out of the house this morning I heard fuckface, Angie's roommate, coming down the stairs. I quickly went back in to the house to wait for him to leave. I even took a different route to the subway, but of course I ran into him on the platform. We said not a word to eachother. Just looked and moved on. Phew. I didn't want to have slap his fag face so early in the morning. :-D Alright...on to work. I have already killed a good 20 minutes by sitting her and typing away. ROCK.

 Wow. Well good for me. I actually got this huge project finished today. I was convinced that it would ride over until tomorrow. But nope! (insert golf claps here) I failed to mention in my last, ridiculous entry that I received my plane tickets for Florida yesterday! YAYYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYSNARF! I am so excited. Want to hear something embarrassing? (Sure Joe) I sat and read every detail on the tickets and brochures. Then a tear slipped out of my eye and fell on my leg. No joke. The reason for this is simple: I have never been on a real vacation without my family. This is such a huge step in me becoming an adult. I can't believe that I am almost 25 and have never done anything like this before. In the past it meant nothing to me to do this. Now...it's all I think about. For a whole week Paul and I are going to be attached at the hip. Loving eachother, fighting with eachother, kissing and hugging eachother, (maybe even fucking eachother by that point). It's pretty unbelievable. I don't have to share him with anyone for a week and he won't have to share me. I spent almost my whole day at work yesterday printing out information about things to do while we are in Orlando. I found some gay clubs for us to go to. I ordered this $10 coupon/brochure kit that is based out of Kissimmee. (Kissimmee is 5 minutes from where we are) The kit has over $3500 worth of coupons/free passes to places, etc. It will give us some idea as to what else to do while we are there. Also it will hopefully save us some money. (And the kit comes with a free t-shirt, so how could I NOT order it?) I also ordered a free Disney Vacation planning video. The tickets to the theme parks are very expensive and I figure the video will give us an idea as to what parks we want to go to. We ain't doin em all...cuz that would cost just under $500. Uh what? Disney...you be robbin me blind. I am more excited for Universal though. I definitely want to do both of the parks they have there. Also, I talked to my mom last night about renting a car for when we are down there. She can score me a phatty deal and then we will have it for the whole week! Aren't moms the best? I just love her. She is making this vacation turn into the most amazing experience of my life. She is so good to me. So that's the vacation update. Now lets discuss RENT for a minute. First off...I think it was Roger and Angel's first performance. Not only did Roger absolutely suck to the point of embarrassment (no...I am fucking serious...he was ugly/had horrible pitch/and no stage presence whatsoever...yikes), Angel was also not good at points and OK at other points. At the end of the show when they show the video on the wall...both the old Roger and Angel (from when Paul and I saw it a couple months ago) were in it. They should beg those two to come back and boot these amateurs. Manley Pope was the old Roger...and YUM! Also, I don't know if you memble or not, but the old Angel hit on me outside of the show last time. As soon as I saw his face in the video, I about melted all over again. Damn he was cute. And not too feminine...in real life that is. The first act of the show was really off. My mom actually said to me, at intermission, "Doesn't this seem like a college performance?" I burst out laughing and said "Yes mom...yes." Thank God she has seen it before. The second act was SLAMMING! I burst into tears during Tom Collins song...as always...but this guy did it (as Rita said earlier) Mary J. Blige style. He screamed the ending and I sat there with my breath having been taken away. It was so wonderful. They really got their act together during the second half and I was so relieved for that. I would LOVE to see the show again tonight if I had a billion dollars. Or maybe if I have $50 that would work too. I didn't get home until really late. My room looks like shit and I was exhausted. Gotta catch up on rest and clean my shit up. Paul will be here and my room stinks of STANK! Plus I gotta do laundry and damn I got a lot to do. Does it ever end??? Alright...I think that is it for today. I hope everyone is enjoying the weather. It is fucking so beautiful and toasty. Stop complaining you babies. Summer is a time for smiles and tans. Well at least tans, ok? Hi Jeannie! Are you still reading? I miss you and love you! Come see us again soon, k? I will rest my voice before you get here so that my RENT performance will be up to par. PEAYCE!

 SO BUSY TODAY! NO TIME TO EVEN WRITE A SMIDGE OF WHAT HAPPENED LAST NIGHT. QUICK RECAP: RENT WAS AMAZING, OF COURSE MY MOM WAS EVEN MORE AMAZING I GET MY HEADSHOTS BACK TONIGHT I TAKE MY MOM OUT TO DINNER TONIGHT FOR MOTHER'S DAY I SLEEP IN A FANCY HOTEL WITH HER I HAVE A DAY OFF FROM HANGING OUT WITH EVERYONE TOMORROW (can you believe that it is my first night to myself in over 2 weeks?) DAMN! and FUCKING YAY! GOT SOME MORE COLOR TODAY ACCOMPLISHED A LOT AT WORK AND ALSO IN MY PERSONAL FINANCES LIFE KELLY OSBOURNE'S SONG IS MY FLAVA FLAVE AND YES IT IS BETTER THAN MADONNA'S. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. NO ONE CAN ARGUE THAT POINT WITH ME WHEN I AM BLOGGING. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. IN FACT...I HOPE KELLY OSBOURNE REMAKES ALL OF MADONNA'S SONGS. AND I ALSO HOPE MADONNA DIES. lol...imagine? PAUL WASHED HIS WALLET IN THE WASHING MACHINE TODAY. :( HE IS COMING INTO TOWN ON THURSDAY MORNING. :-D VERY HAPPY TODAY AND VERY EXCITED TO SEE MY PICS! ROCK OUT WORLD! HERE I COME!

 Easy day today. Very quiet and nobody has bothered me. A little busy this morning, but then people just kind of disappeared. Thank the goodness of the Lord. I went to the park on my lunch break and got some more color on these bones of mine. My mission: To become black/African American/maybe Red Cherokee Indian this summer by exposing myself to as much sunlight as possible. I want dark and I want it now. Wish me luck folks! Like anyone is wishing me luck on looking beautiful. :-D

 urlLink Which Winona Are You? VERY TRUE. Of all the Winona's out there...this one is definitely me. ;)

 Thanks to Rita, we have this incredibly hysterical article about the most hated Real World cast member of all time: urlLink Stephen Truly is an ass

 Welcome back to Joe! Man...it feels like I have been gone for years. I left work last Thursday, miserable with my sinus nonsense and then ended up having the most random, yet exciting weekend ever. I took last Friday off from work to recuperate and cure the massive sinus infection that seemed to be brewing in my face. In my mind, I was going to stay home all weekend and sleep. Pretty boring, but pretty fun at the same time. Instead, however, I made the spontaneous decision to up and go to Boston on Friday. Mariah and I took the Chinatown bus together and it only cost $40 roundtrip. Needless to say, the bus was rather sketchy and in fact, wasn't a bus at all. It was like one of those handicapped busses that pick people up for highschool or something. But for $40...it was worth it. Upon arrival in Boston, Mariah, Paul and I went shopping, got my haircut, went tanning and out to dinner. We then proceeded to get ourselves all dolled up to go out to the bars for Gay Pride! (Gay Pride in Boston was this weekend - NYC's is at the end of the month) We hung out with Mariah's girlfriend Marissa and met up with some other people once we got out. I had a blast and met the man of my dreams. Not Paul. (ha. Ha. oops) I was very behaved, but totally wouldn't have been had Mariah not been there to keep me in check. We hopped around a couple bars when Paul pulled me aside and told me that he just wanted to go home and hang out with me. (jnsert "awww...." here) He and I went back to the apartment and had a seriously GOOD time. We talked about so much shit, we made meatballs, and we made mad passionate love. In fact, we made mad passionate love 4 times in 36 hours. Damn. May be a new record for us. I met Paul's new roommate "Steve". He was pretty great...not threatening at all. In fact, I rather liked him. His clothes...yikes. But other than that...real nice guy. Oh! On Friday night, when Paul and I were hanging out...this guy "Geoff" called. Geoff is one of Paul's hookups from when he and I were broken up. In fact, it is the only guy that Paul has hooked up with since he and I have been together. And the kid is a fucking scumbag. So he calls Paul's phone and I think it is Mariah (she and Marissa spent the night at a hotel and were supposed to be calling us from the hotel phone). I pick it up and proceed to play the "Who is this?" game with Geoff for like 3 minutes until he finally tells me who it is. I was very calm and collected when I told him that if he really shouldn't be calling MY boyfriend and that he should be embarassed for calling. (The kid won't leave my boyfriend alone) I was vicious, yet mature, and I totally came out looking like a king. Paul stood by me, holding my hand, saying thank you the whole time. Geoff, apologized over and over for being a shitface and I gave him the final warning to never call again. It was pretty invigorating and great. Saturday, Paul, Mariah, and some friends of ours from TGIFriday's went to the Gay Pride Parade. It was so wonderful to be there. I went last year to Boston's parade and almost forgot how incredible it really is to be a part of such a huge event. It is like the one day of the year that all gays get along with eachother. Even on Friday night, we ran into some obnoxious gay people, but on Saturday morning...everyone was cheery and happy and helpful. Weird how a parade will do that. We hung out and ate some carnival style food and looked at random exhibits...then Paul had to go to work and I eventually made it back to his apartment to watch "The Mothman Prophecies" and "Harry Potter". Both movies were fucking incredible. Please see them ASAP. It was hard to say goodbye to Paul yesterday, but he is seriously considering coming down to visit again this Thursday. I really hope so. I still, after all this time, hate this long distance shit. :( Tonight I am going to see Rent with my mom. Tomorrow I am going out to dinner, drinks, and getting my headshots back with my mom. Wednesday I sleep. Thursday I hang out with Paul. Friday, I go out to party. Saturday I die. I love the fact that I finally have a life and people to see. It's been a LONG time coming and I feel like I have definitely earned the right to have things to do. DEFINITELY. lol. Can't just sit in the apartment and complain anymore. ;) But so tired I am all the time. :-D - zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz I got some real color this weekend and a short haircut. I am a brand new boy. Loving life and happy. Let's keep it that way.

 Another day another dollar, or some other bullshit. Today I have sinus problems like you wouldn't believe. I feel like a monster truck ran over my face and left me in the wake of its destruction. Also, I am feeling rather poetic. Stuffed up and poetic. A bard with a cold. This should be a quick entry due to the fact that I don't have too much to say. Also, I am tired and not in the mood to type for hours. Last night Rita and I went to Mariah's apartment to hang out with her and Rachel. During the day Rita and I were exhausted from the night before, but we knew we had to push through and do it up. And that we did. It was such a good time. We just relaxed, had a little wine, ate pizza, and talked. Rita couldn't stay over, so she left shortly after the Real World (10:30pm). Mariah and Rachel were really worried about Rita going home by herself, but I knew she was tough and that if anyone fucked with her, she would have kicked their lilly ass. She had a few minor subway annoyances on the way home, but made it there in one piece. And then.... When she GOT home...lo and behold there was an adorable boy sitting on the couch waiting for her! (OHHHHHHHHH!!!!) How fucking cute that he surprised her. An extra night to be with her boy. She is walking on sunshine today and I am so happy for her. I screamed like a fucking girl when she called us and told us that he was there. How wonderful. After Rita left, Mariah, Rachel and I sat around hysterically laughing at yearbooks and old photo albums. Ironically enough, they know so many people from my home town. We gossiped and shit ourselves over some of the stuff we found out about our mutual acquaintances. The pizza was good too. And actually, the pizza being good was the most important part of the evening. Bad pizza leads to bad attitudes. LOL. Never. Mariah was so grateful and sweet to me for staying over. Love her. And can you believe it??? I was on time this morning. From Brooklyn! Takes about an hour and 15 minutes to get to work from Mariah's place. When I woke up at 6am this morning and couldn't fall back to sleep...I knew that I was going to be a zombie all day. And lo and behold...I am Joe Zombie. (Cousin of Joe Dirt) Tonight is what God calls a "Day of Rest". I am going home, climbing in bed, making some soup, and putting in a movie. YAYAYAYAYAYAY! Makes me happy inside to think about it. Makes me horny too. And actually, makes me SICK TO MY FUCKING STOMACH!!! juxt kiddin zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz time to have a smoke

 urlLink urlLink Which Empire Records Character Are You? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty

 What the fuck happened last night? Rita and I went out for a few simple drinks for Happy Hour with Mariah and Rachel at a beautiful bar called McAnn's. Next thing we know, it is 4 hours and another bar later and we is wasted and wondering when it was that she and I became rockstars. Usually it is bed at 7pm. Last night it was bed at 1:30am. Whoa. (Said who-ah) What a great time we had. Rita got to know Rachel and Mariah a little better. We laughed, danced, drank thousands of drinks and even received a free round at McAnn's. For no reason! The waitress was the weirdest bitch to wait a table, however, she was super cool when she gave us free booze. She also kept trying to shove Boof popcorn down our throats. But we weren't having it. After McAnn's, we walked up to Zanzibar and continued to get wasted and party out like it was a Friday night. My favorite parts of the evening were as follows: 1) Running into Penelope's roommate David. How often do I see people I actually know in the city? NEVER. 2) Rita spilling her drink all over the table while it was completely full. Then the waitress brings her a new one and doesn't charge her for it. (Awwww.....) 3) Doing the "stick-shift" driving dance move to the point of hysteria. 4) Having moments with Mariah that make me love her even that much more. 5) Chilling out with Rachel and making her my new best friend. As I said last night "She is my new project". 6) Buying new sunglasses! I have never really owned sunglasses before. I am SO NY now. 7) The talks, both serious and not serious, that I had with each person I went out with. 8) Coming home to see Kelly sitting on the steps wasted from drinking a bottle of red wine! 9) Being social, happy, and comfortable with who I am and what I had to contribute to this brand new situation I was in. What a great night. Upon arriving at home, Kelly, Rita and I played in the backyard for a while. Rita was wasted and spilled a glass of wine, broke a glass of wine, and ran around the backyard flying on her broomstick. She was Thoroughly Modern Millie . After slamming myself in the face with a broomstick and Rita showing us fencing moves, it was time to go inside. Unfortunately, Rita hid in the backyard, which if you have seen my backyard...there ain't many places to hide. But she did a good job and it took about 20 minutes to get her lil' ass inside. Once in the house, the three of us choreographed dance moves until about 12am and then crashed into our beds. It was a fun and wonderful evening. Today was a day of exhaustion, pizza, and nonsense. I have done about 17 seconds of work all day. I did play on IWON.com all day though. I was convinced that I was about to win $10,000 and be able to pay off my massive debts. Nope. But it was fun playing the different games. Fuck no it wasn't. I spoke with Paul last night and it was kind of a bad conversation. He is miserable in Boston without Mariah. I can tell. He won't talk to me about it. All he does is yell at me and tell me that I am fucking up or something. I have been very patient with him and am trying to just take him venting cuz I know he needs that from me. It is hard though. Very difficult in fact. He is merciless when it comes to ripping me a new asshole sometimes. And usually for no reason too. But whatever...the reason is his sadness and I am going to try to be the best boyfriend I can be. Things are going so well these days! I feel really great. I have some new friends in the city, my social life has perked way up, I have my Mariah here finally!, my headshots are done, the weather is beautiful, and WOW. I am happy. The usual bullshit that upsets me on a daily basis, although not gone for good, is being easily replaced by the fact that my life is changing and fast. I feel like I am moving on to that next level and I am very excited about it. As I have said over and over in this blogger, the rut that I have been in has been horribly painful and frustrating, but it is beginning to end. I have high hopes for the future and for the direction in which my life is seeming to go. This is what I have moved to the city for. It only took a year and a half for me to finally make a group of friends. I have variety now. And how great is variety?!?! So great. Kelly has friends here, Penelope has grown up here, Rita just got here...it is about time I started getting out of the house and making my life. YAY! Tonight I am going over to Mariah's with Rita for drinks, a movie, and prolly some pizza. And prolly some cigarettes too. As I said yesterday, I will be spending a great deal of time with her over the next couple of weeks. She needs it and so do I. It's kind of like establishing our new working relationship. So far it has been even better than I imagined. I am thrilled to be able to be one of the most important people she has in NYC. I am thrilled to be introducing her to new people. WOW. Sensation overload. My birthday is less than a month away at this point. Ooh...what to do, what to do. Best not to think about it. The big 25! ok...stop Joe...you said you weren't going to think about it. Tomorrow, Rita's boyfriend will be pulling into town for a quick visit. He is going to be an NYPD stud and has to take his physical and do other sorts of bullshit. I think that Rita is extremely excited. She tries not to show it, but if you look closely, you can see her vagina pulsing with passion beneath her jeans. omigod...did I just really say that? yes I did Rita. yes I did. HA! Kelly is busy playing the "I love you....as a friend" game with a straight girl named Sasha. This girl is BIZOMB! She is so cool and so hot. Kelly is doing a wonderful job of playing it safe. She controls herself (most of the time), is a great friend to this girl, and is truly developing a very personal relationship with her. It seems obvious to me that Sasha is interested. Obvious. However, Kelly has done this before with Angie. And she dealt with so much bullshit with it that I thought she would never play in these type of waters again. Guess you can't decide who to fall in like with. We shall wait and see what comes next. Well, I guess that is it! About 45 minutes left of work. Thank the goodness of the lord. I am about ready to jump off the terrace.......into a vat of boxed wine.

 Had a wonderful talk with my brother and mother today. Both conversations went REALLY well. That always puts a positive spin on my day. Also opened a savings account and fixed the bullshit with my checking account. Man I have been productive. Now it is time to get fucking blasted. Nice Joe. You are 25 years old (almost). Do you get excited about getting blasted still? Yeth. Yeth I do.

 The weekend is over and now I must face the fact that I don't have a day off until July. Ugh. I have to work a REAL job now? Unfair. It will be ok. Cuz in July is my birthday and vacation!!! Ok...I am going to be 25 years old. Can I NOT be 25 years old? Actually 25 is kinda cool. It's so old and mature. And maybe I will get my man body then. Last night for dinner, I made gorditas and tacos. Rita brought home canolis for dessert and we all just ate and ate until the upset stomachs forced us into our rooms to writhe in pain. I woke up this morning with some serious indigestion. But I don't think that was from the tacos. I think that was from the pack of crackers that I ate in bed. (Do you remember that commercial about crackers in bed? "But motha, they ahn't crackahs, they ah fig newtons") Stupid british and their great commercials. Now I drink orange juice and get acid stomach. Yum. Tomorrow I get to go see how my headshots turned out. I am pretty excited. The whole experience was wonderful. The photographer, urlLink Nick Granito , was so good with me. We spoke for just about an hour before he took any pictures. He wanted to know all about me so that during the shoot he could say things to me to get me where he wanted me to go with each roll. We talked alot about Paul, a lot about my acting, my experiences in NYC thus far...it was great. He gave me tons of compliments, told me I had a "great look", informed me of certain things that I need to know as far as becoming an actor goes, and overall just gave me back some of the confidence that I have lost since college. I walked out of the studio on cloud 10. (Cloud 9 was booked due to a prior engagement) I was so thrilled. It made me want to do photo shoots every day. I LOVE IT I LOVE IT! After that, I went to stay at Mariah's apartment with Paul. Rachel was there and we smoked and laughed and blared music and just rocked out. That night we went to a bunch of different places for drinks; including the XL Lounge and Henrietta Hudsons. Mariah seemed upset at the first couple of places and I picked up the fact that we needed a shot of lesbianism stat. We rushed over to the ever popular lesbo bar and had a blast! Mariah's mood quickly picked up and she was like the queen of the bar. She was up dancing on the "stage" for about the entire night. Girls, guys, dogs, and bunnies were all over her. I think that Henrietta's made her feel more at home. It is comfortable, crazy, and she was the star. I was so proud of her. She scored us ecstacy, free drinks, passes to an after hours party, and a special invite to a party later on in the week. (Side note, we did not take the X) I gotta use this girl more often. She can get me some good shit. After we got back to her apartment, she crashed. In my 2 years of being close to Mariah, I have only seen her cry a handful of times. In the 2 days that I hung out with her over the weekend, she cried about 8 times. :( She is pretty homesick for Boston and very overwhelmed. It will be ok. It takes time and as long as everyone in her life just gives her a little breathing room, she should be able to rise above it all with flying colors. I have faith in her and I will be here for her all the way. It's my turn afterall. Having her here in the city is just about the best thing that has happened in a while. She and I have so much fun, an incredible support system within eachother, and an understanding that only happens between best friends. I think you get what I am saying. Also, by having her here, I have just about doubled the amount of friends I have in the city. Scary, huh? I can still count them all on one hand, but hey...at least it's something! Paul was incredible this weekend. He was so good with Mariah, so good with me, and an absolute pleasure the entire visit. If it weren't for me and my smart ass mouth, we wouldn't have fought about anything all weekend. When he and Mariah said goodbye to eachother on Saturday morning, Rachel and I sat there and cried along with them. The whole situation broke hearts. Seeing Paul cry over having Mariah move made me want to pick him up in my arms and cradle him like the adorable little child he really is. He is so tough sometimes that it really seems as though he doesn't have a heart at all. But then when confronted with a situation in which he can't control his emotions, he just lets go and I just fall in love all over again. He was such a good boy! He is coming to visit again next week. And I can't wait. What else? Going for drinks with Mariah tonight. It will be her first "drinks" outing. I mean, it won't be the first time that she has ever HAD drinks...but it will be her first "I live in NYC and go for drinks around 5pm" outing. She is excited and I know it will get her mind off of being lonely. She just called. She sounded GREAT! I am so proud of her. She was like: "I am on 34th and 5th!" YAYAYAY. It is so cute to hear her say that. I am just thrilled by this whole thing. Alright...almost time for a smoke. And I need it today. (WINKLES!)

 Nice. I just wrote the longest entry and lost the whole thing. Sometimes you make me so angry fucking blogger. I aint writing it again, so there! Blogger misses out now.

 urlLink urlLink Which Sex and the City Player Are You? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty Hopefully I am the Carrie of season's past and not the dumpy loser I saw on Sunday. juxt kidding. sorta.

 urlLink Take the Purrsonality Quiz! WHAT A FUCKING STUPID QUIZ! yet I still took it and posted it.

 Ugh. Usually by 2pm or so, the hangover that I am coping with kind of lets up and goes back to hell where it belongs. However, it is now 4:02pm and I still feel like a mack truck drove into my life and left behind a trail of tears that otherwise resembles the old Joe. I am definitely in for a good night's sleep tonight. Rushing home to bring my laundry to the Asians, maybe doing a little packing, and then immediatly jumping into my bed for what I hope is a long, restful, rejuvenating sleep. God willing. Also...could the fucking huge zit on my mouth get the hint and fuck off?!?!?! Seriously...it hurts and it is so gigantically hideous that I am embarrassed to show my nasty face. Plus my stomach is raging, my diarehhea is spastic and I am so exhausted. Okay...enough complaining. In reality I did do this to myself. Time to go curl up and die.

 So what began as a simple dinner trip for the housemates turned into the biggest night of drinking any of us will probably have this week. Around 7pm, Kelly, Rita and I went to our favorite little local restaurant in Queens to eat. I got the Ceasar Salad, Rita got the Margherita Pizza, and Kelly got the mussels. mmmm....muscles. We had tons of red wine and laughed and shared and talked our faces off for about 2 full hours. We were able to sit outside and smoke butts. The sky was seriously overcast, but it was nice and cool out and only started to rain at the end of the meal. While we were there, we ran into a girl that went to college with Rita and me. Her name is Katie and I know that me, for one, has missed her incredibly in the last couple of years. I haven't heard from her, nor her me, in what has to be 3 years. She was SO excited to see me and I was absolutely out of my mind thrilled to see her. We hugged, kissed, and immediatly exchanged numbers. This is one girl that I WILL be hanging out with very soon. Probably right after the vacation. God...how cool! After dinner, the three of us went back to our house. I thought we would be going right to bed, but suddenly my bedroom door bursts open and dancing away was Kelly and Rita with glasses of wine and party hats on. We blared my stereo and each put on performances of Rent until our voices were shot. It was a wonderful good time. I think we were all in bed sometime around midnight. God...it was so good. I thoroughly enjoyed myself last night and I think that my girls did too. After the hangout, I called Katie, but only got her answering machine. Then I called Penelope and we talked for about 45 minutes about her new and very exciting sex life! :-D It was a great conversation and after I got off the phone, I literally passed right out in my bed. Not to awaken until my alarm shot me in the face with loud and obnoxious music. Felt pretty much like shit this morning. As though I smoked a hundred cigarettes in a row. Oh yeah...I did. Now that it is 1pm, I feel somewhat better, but still like I got the shit kicked out of me. Maybe I should consider not getting so blasted so often at the age of 25. :-/ nah. I'm fine. THREE DAYS UNTIL FLORIDA! YAYAYAYAYAYAY! Fucking can't wait. Can it be now? Pretty soon it will be! I haven't masturbated since Saturday afternoon. Totally saving up for Paul. I am going to explode all over him. :-D Tonight...I am going immediatly home and doing the shit I need to do. I have so much and I have been hanging out the last two nights as though I am not going on vacation at all. I am sure it will all be fine. Just gotta buckle down this evening and do it. I am supposed to see Mariah tomorrow night so that really leaves very little time for me to get all my stuff together. Big breath...I can do it. Ok...that's it for today, I think. Maybe will check in a bit later.

 barp

 YES! The day is almost over. It is officially 1:45pm and that only leaves 3 more hours of work. Well, actually 2 more hours of work minus the hour long lunch break I am about to go on. Today has flown! Thank God. I need it to be Friday and creeping days don't help at all. Spoke with Mariah today for the first time in a week or so. She has been in Boston since July 3rd. Yeah...July 3rd is when I went there for my birthday. That was YEARS ago, it seems. She finally got home last night. She isn't so excited to be in NYC, but she has to just stay here and stick it out for awhile. I know it is hard. I KNOW it is, but still...gotta put in some sort of effort to adjust to this big and scary city. :-D She will be fine eventually. I will make sure of it. Or I will slap her face. That might wake her up a bit. My teeth tingle today. Does that mean they are going to start bleeding again? Man...that was awful. Remember that?? How could you forget? They finally stopped bleeding some time in May. Or late April. That's a good 4 months of bleeding gums. Damn. That was shit. So I joined this thing called Classmates.com. I only joined it so that I could retrieve Kim Moore's phone number last week, but lo and behold, within 24 hours of being a member of the site...I got an email from an old friend from highschool. Her name is Becky Margison and she was my girlfriend when I was a freshman in highschool. She looked EXACTLY like Kelly Taylor from 90210. No...EXACTLY! It was a strange and weird thing. And she dated me!!! She was always a really sweet girl and really liked me. I, however, wasn't totally interested and broke up with her at the end of the summer between my freshman and sophomore year. (Of course I had to stay together with her through the summer...my friend Hannah and I had her drive our freshman asses everywhere! Oh...she was 16 at the time...I was 14.) So she wrote me this email and I wrote her back and then she wrote me back and then today when I wrote her...I dropped the G bomb on her. You know the G bomb...don't you? It's weird...I don't think I have told anyone from highschool that I am gay yet. I may have told Hannah a couple of months ago when I was talking to her...but I don't really remember. So...now I just wait to find out what Becky says. It may be a little weird, considering that she and I dated for about 6 months. The last time I told someone I dated in the past that I was gay...it didn't go over so well. It didn't go badly, but lets just say that she and I don't talk anymore. And rightly so.... Everything is weird then. How would you like to be told, after falling hard for someone - and of course they fell hard...look at me (haha), that the guy you like, or maybe even are in love with, has been gay the whole time? Whoops. That stings. Not that I truly care. If Becky Margison decides to freak out about me being gay, I will probably laugh. Cuz WHO ARE YOU Becky Margison. I am going to tell her that if she doesn't look like Kelly Taylor anymore, I don't want to be friends. It's just the way it goes. Off to dinner and drinks tonight after work. Nice, fun thing to do. Just hope it goes smoothly. Right now...Pinks' Just Like a Pill is playing on my Launch Player. You know? The verses are GENIUS and her voice sounds great...but then we get into the 3 hour replay of the boring chorus. Why does she DO that??? Well, the mail just came in and thanks to PENELOPE OF MY LOVE...a little package from Corporate Express came with a gift for me in it. Thanks P! I finally got my little rear view mirror from Jane! You are the best for doing that! Now I can see when Deb the Beast is skulking in her room. And I just saw RCS come out of his office and he didn't even look at my computer as I was writing this. See...if I didn't have my rear view mirror, my paranoid brain would have THOUGHT he was looking at me...but now I can see that he wasn't. YOU ROCK! and so does Jane. A little. So hungry. I am not going to make it until dinner. I have REALLY been debating getting Burger King today. It has been months since I have been there. No seriously. Months! I really deserve it. But I won't get it. I must wait until after the vacation. :( So hungry. What can I eat that is light, tastes good, and makes me smile? A slice of pizza? Yum. But also...snores. ooh...how bout smores? nah...snores. Either way...this bitch gotta go eat! PEACE OUT JIGGAS.

 I've decided I hate PINK. I decided it yesterday while taking a shit. A PINK shit. It's not that she is the worst...it's that all of her songs play the chorus about a thousand times repeatedly and by the end of each listen...I want to kill her. Can she become a little bit more original now?

 I'm '18 Wheeler'! urlLink What are you?

 urlLink Which of Kelly Osbourne's hairstyles are you? by urlLink urlLink Razorstar

 So Penelope reads this guys blog that's called "646 Guy/NYC Tales" or some shit. She thinks he is awesome and she must be right, cuz yesterday and this morning, I have been checking out some other blogs and he is linked everywhere! He is like blogger queen, I think. I say queen...cuz well, he's a queen! Maybe I should link to him to? Since I am a queen. maybe not.

 YAY! One more day closer to my vacation with Paul! Only 4 days of anticipitory waiting left. It's killing me! Every morning I wake up and I go...one more day down. My stomach jumps with excitement at the very thought of it all. After much debating in my head, I decided that we will in fact NOT be bringing any pot with us to Florida. The risk is too high and after asking everyone I know, about a thousand times, I just figured, it really isn't worth it. Besides, a drug free week could do Paul and I some good. (And maybe I won't eat my face off) Last night I began getting my shit together. Wow. What a process. It's fun though, and I am excited to get home tonight to continue working on my bihness. Yeah...that's what I said...bihness. K...bored now...on to something more enjoyable...

 urlLink urlLink Which pop culture icon are YOU? | made by urlLink kt @ urlLink gFs.co.uk .

 just realized that Rita may think she is the whore, cuz I am going home to see her. but understand rita that you are not a whore. You are a lady. I just needed a word to rhyme with "bore" and "snore". And "door" and "ROAR" wouldn't work. :-D

 DONE!

 zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz....counting the minutes until the day is done.

 but it was honest, so I guess that is all that really matters.

 that wasnt a very nice poem.

 Fucking Snore- My jobs' a bore. But now it's time to end this rhyme by going home to fuck a whore.

 Fucking ugh. Back at work and it's that most dreaded day of the week. I HATE it. Even with vacation looming around the corner, work just totally blows. Fortunately, my boss will not be here today and that makes me VERY happy. I can play all day and hopefully not be bothered. Hopefully, but that is a lot to ask when I know that ugly debbles will be back today. Rita and Kelly have officially returned from their vacations. Kelly pulled in around 6pm on Saturday and Rita's flight landed around 11am Sunday. It was so great to have them home. Kelly is fully tan and Rita is fully pale, but such is life. ;) Kelly's vacation was pretty introspective and I feel that she returned with alot more baggage than from when she left. And she only brought one suitcase! I know it wasn't a bad vacation for her...but I'm not so sure if it helped her to understand any of what she is going through any better. It's tough being right out of college and realizing that you are a grown lady doing it on your own. It took us all a long time to adjust. But it will happen. :-D Rita seemed fully rejuvinated and alive. I think the Germany trip did her some good. I know that she had a wonderful time with her family and a serene and beautiful time in Scotland. She seems refreshed and ready to re-tackle those obstacles she's got goin in this big city. Her pictures were beautiful, she brought home some great tasting candy and honey, and she just seems happy. In turn, this makes me very happy. Now she sleeps for days trying to get herself back on East Coast time. We all went to lunch yesterday, then Kelly went off to Yoga while Rita and I watched Moulin Rouge. After that, Kelly came home and Rita and I settled in for about a 3 hour nap, waking up just in time to see Sex and the City, and then back to bed. We were so tired. I don't know why I was!! It's not like I was in Germany playing around all week. :) Now it is my turn. Paul and I leave Saturday morning for Florida. It can't come fast enough. I am about at the point of explosion! I am nervous, excited, stressed, and ready to tackle this vacation, but unfortunately, I have got a SHIT load of things to do and only 4 days to do it. It may seem like there couldn't be that much, but I started making my "To-Do" list today and I am already to number 13. (big sigh) Also, Kelly wants to go to dinner tonight or tomorrow and I would love to go to, but I just have so much to do. If I could work on getting this shit accomplished and go to dinner at the end of the week, then I wouldn't feel so stressed. You know me...I get crazy about things for no reason. I just need to sit back, take some deep breaths, and understand that this is all going to work out fine. As long as I don't die is a plane crash. Cuz that scares the living wits out of me. All right...guess I should get started on some annoying, bullshit work now. Wish this day was over already. Or that it was at least 5pm. :)

 Wow. It is VERY late on Friday night. As I look at the clock, it is about to turn to 2am. What a night. Well, not really WHAT a night. I spent it alone in my apartment. Quite the popular shit I am strutting my stuff on a Friday night. :( But on the lighter side of things... I have done big things. The house is totally different. I have done big things. I can't give anything away, just in case peeking eyes read this...but I had to at least write for my own sanity. I may have crossed the line with some of my little "projects" I was working on. But lets be honest...if you can't take a risk while redecorating...why redecorate at all? Right now I am listening to NYSYNC CELEBRITY. It is pretty good. :-D BTW...when I said earlier how beautiful and wonderful the weather was today...I was full of fucking SHIT! Cuz really...by the time I got home from 15 mile walk from the subway...my clothes were drenched with smelly, booze from last night, sweat. Now that was some sick shit. It was a mugfest, I tell ya. Then...around 6:30 or 7pm, the biggest thunder storm of my existence blew through our area. It was fucking phenomenal. So phenomenal, in fact, that my stoned ass started getting super paranoid. WERE THOSE BOMBS IN THE AIR??? NOW THAT WAS TOO LOUD FOR JUST A CLAP OF THUNDER. WHY DO I HAVE TO DIE ALONE!?!?!?! But it was all good. I, and you are never going to believe this, thought about calling Cleo, aka Leora. I know she is afraid of this shit and if I was getting nervous, hells if she wasn't hiding under her bed. Of course, Manny close by. I just felt bad. But I didn't call. Pretty tired on this end...and I feel like shit. Long night, but extremely productive. Paul is at his cousin's wedding. Ashley. I am not allowed to go because I am gay. (BTW...Paul got his job back. Will tell you why later...) Paul brought Mariah as his date. He is acting as the "Maid of Honor", but really..."Best Man of Honor". This cousin has grown up with him and is like his old best friend. She knows all about my relationship with Paul and has met me on multiple occassions. I have known about this wedding since the day after she was proposed to. I met her before she was even engaged. Not being at this wedding sucks. Not that she is that close to me or anything...but that it is something that Paul and I should be sharing. However, that is impossible. Today, I came into work to find an email from my dad. It, actually, was an email to Paul that he wanted me to forward on. It was all about Paul losing his job and how my parents love and respect him, regardless of the bullshit. How they prayed for him and are so glad to find out that he has his job back. The email goes on to say how excited they are for he and I and our vacation. That we are always welcome at my house in Albany. It was pure love. I did forward the email, but am unsure as of this point as to whether or not Paul has received it. (He had the wedding rehearsal today) My family (whom I respect beyond belief for all of this) fully accepts me, as well as Paul, and wants nothing, but a happy life for both of us. They are there. They get it now. They really do. They have come to the point where their love has fully exceeded their inner desires for my life. I have arrived. My family is in on the whole thing and WOW. I never thought I would be in the position to say that. NEVER. But I am saying it. My parents are cool with me being gay. Not just cool. Supportive. Shit...now that is why I love these people. But Paul's family....no such luck. It sucks that I can't be there with him for this. I know he wants me there. He has been calling over and over. But there are lines you don't cross with his family. I feel horrible for him. The only reason why I am really no pressure on him to "come out" to his inner circle is because I was there, and I know how scary it is. I was lucky. Paul won't be so lucky. Right Wing. Republican. Central Massachusettes. His parents' background and current attitude don't allow for any luck involved. It's purely God. Paul has to take the plunge at some point. But when he's ready. And maybe...hopefully someday...when his faith in God is much stronger. Two gay guys, who are both born again...raised baptist, Christians, surviving a two and a half year relationship with eachother means something. It is all God driven for me. I remember the night I was laying in my bed. It was Mid-December of 1999. I was begging, pleading with God for someone for me to fall in love with, someone to have a real relationship with. I began dating Paul on January 9th, 2000. And look where we are. Tell me that doesn't mean something. It was something that changed my life and I know that God sent that for me. I was at the breaking point. And now Paul is my yesterday, today, and tomorrow. At least...for a little tomorrow. ;) Why did I just ramble all of this bullshit, I don't know. I am overtired. I guess my subconcious took over and got rid of some shit. It felt good. Tonight, I want to give a special shout out to Jeannie Dreama, who NEVER writes in her blog....at least not since like February somethin somethin) HI JEANNIE! Did you get my postcards?? I know that you read my blogger, cuz on the quiz, there is only one answer that is logical and safe. That being "Don't do it. There are dogs everywhere..." One day I checked the stats and I saw that that answer was answered and I thought to myself...who would put that answer??? Hmmmm...... JEANNIE DREAMA! :-D But I also agree with you. I talked to my mom on the phone today and asked her if I should bring anything. (I actually did ask her) She was like "Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo...." So I expect that you and my mom would say the same thing... LOL JUXT KIDDIN! But you are right. It's risky. I will let you know what I end up doing. Understand that if the poll says that "french fries" are what to do...that is what I will do. Okay everyone. (everyone...like I have an everyone) I just want to say one more time how MUCH I miss my ladies! They have been gone so long. I have spent two weekends and a whole week in this house alone. Come home soon. If not..."little projects" will consume the place. You are both so wonderful. No matter what we deal with or how crazy we all get.... This house is so much more warm and full with all of us in it. I love our love. come home now, k?

 Well the week is officially over. By the time I come back to work on Monday, both of my girls will have returned from their adventures. That is kind of exciting. :-D Gotta clean the house today. Oh BOY do I gotta clean the house today. I happened to walk by the garbage can this morning and I almost RALPHED right on the floor. It stinks dude! hee hee hee. I have been living in my own filth for a week and it has felt gooooood. In fact, we have had like no hot water this week either, which is fucking irritating, and it has caused me to have to skip showering in the morning TWICE this week. Each time it happens, I slam on the bathroom wall repeatedly and in a brutish manner. I want everyone in the house to know that I am PIST! Trey is ready for his mother to come home. I do adore the living wits out of him and we have definitely had some incredible moments together this week...but I am ready to go back to ignoring him again. That bitch is alot of work. And I feel so badly if I don't take the time to play with him and love him whenever he so decides. My dad sent me a beautiful email today that was actually to Paul. He wanted me to forward it to him. It was all about how he lost his job and how he and my mom are praying for his success and blah blah beautiful blah. It was incredibly sweet and I passed it along to him this morning. :) Gotta leave work early today to drop off two envelopes on campus. Ugh. I would actually rather sit right here until 2pm and play around. But instead...outside into the summer weather. Today is actually a perfect day. Bright sunshine, no humidity, and just clear and crisp weather. It feels real nice. Get out and enjoy it. K all. Will prolly write some more this weekend. PEAYCE.

 So of course I am ripping apart the resource room with Cleo when Kelly IM's me, I am assuming from North Carolina. When I got back to my desk, I was PIST! This is officially two conversations that the cursed resource room has ruined for me today. Earlier, Rita called from Germany and I wasn't even allowed to say more than five words because I had resource room guru, Cleo, breathing down my neck. UGH! Furious at that. I miss my ladies and it sucks that the time they call...I am impossible to reach. :( Ah well. Nothing that can't be cured by going home and getting drunk all by myself. Man...they best come home now, cuz I am going down the tubes real fast. heh heh. Not really. As of Tuesday night, I started to get more used to being alone in the apartment. I go home, do little projects for the first couple of hours, then I excercise for about 7 minutes, then I make a nice dinner at around 9:00pm and then I am in bed by 10:30pm. I leave the door open when I sleep and I walk around completely nude. I jerk off with my door open and I REFUSE...absolutely REFUSE to pick anything up off of the floor. If Kelly and Rita could see the house the way it is right this minute...they would be horrified. The kitchen and living room are fine. But the bathroom and my bedroom have been completely destroyed. And let me also say...the kitchen and the living room are in no way fine. I lie. But it will all be clean and beautiful by the time they come home on Sunday. Tonight and tomorrow are my days to redo the place. Is it pathetically wrong that I am excited to clean up the joint? Cuz that's what I want to do. I want to get high and ransack the piece. mmmmm....piece. Ah well. I guess that's it today. Not too much to say. OH! One more thing. Rita, we got this inter-office memo from Jim. It is a record of all the long distance calls that we have made from our extension. We are to pay for each one of these calls. I kind of panicked, cuz even though I don't really call long distance...I have. I was sure my bill was going to be like $25. In actuality it was like $1.65. PHEW. Penelope's was $.24. hahahaha. I am sure yours is like: "$.008. Jim told me that anything under $5 was free. Which I think is pretty generous. I mean...are we really ALLOWED to make long distance calls at work? I dinna think so. But now that I know we get 5 bucks free...hells if I am not going to be using that money each month. ;) WINKLES! YIPES! Latas!

 Hey KELLY! Look what I am! urlLink you're high art. you're about lesbians and heroin and take place in new york. how trendy. take the urlLink which prettie movie are you? quiz, a product of the urlLink urlLink slinkstercool community.

 Okay. Enough is enough. The weather in NYC at 8am this morning was 84 degrees. It is supposed to get up to 94 or so by noon with the heat index making it feel like 105! Are we fucking serious??? The subway was a BEAST this morning and I am still moving as though I am wading through tar. It's so hot outside that there is no way I can go to the park to lay out this afternoon. It's that bad. Ugh. Supposedly, it is going to storm this afternoon and then it will THEORETICALLY cool down for this weekend. Can it? Can it please? I don't know if I can do this again tomorrow. Rita...you picked a PERFECT week to get out of the city. This heat would have killed you by Tuesday. SO hungry right now. Yesterday at this time, I had the most delightful bagel from UFM. May have to skip on over there in a little bit and pick me up another one. I thought UFM bagels sucked, but I was happily mistaken. SNARF. Oh and by the way...MTV is the BEST television station ever. :-D (that was for Penelope)

 Well here it is folks! The much anticipated REAL WORLD REUNION recap entry. I know you have all been chomping at the bits for it and I feel compelled to immediately sit down and give it. ;) What am I? Writer extrodinairre? yes. I want to first begin with a more descriptive explanation of the preview to last nights episode. I didnt explain it well yesterday and when I saw it again last night, I immediately wrote it down so that I could tell those who havent seen it what it REALLY was all about. It was that fucking funny. So whatever...its just a normal preview for any real world episode. But as it goes along, the following dialogue is heard: Kera in the preview: Did I REALLY say land the deal? Computerized ladies voice (you know the voice---the COMPUTER lady): Yes you DID Kera! (said VERY angrily - swear to God.) Immediately FLASH to a past episode in which Kera says: Get my *bleep*n name right Tonya. Computerized ladies voice: OOPS! My bad. ---end scene--- Now, of course it is so much funnier when you see it live, but let me tell you...even while writing it, I am dying laughing. I know a couple of you have seen it and am I right or not? Computerized ladies dont say such things as Oops, my bad or make accusatory tones such as Yes you DID Kera!. Fucking hysterical. Now on to the goods: ********Do understand that once you read this I will have ruined the episode for you if you havent seen it. But also understand that last night, because I am a lonely, pathetic loser, I took notes on the episode to catch yall up. Well really only for Kelly and Rita. Penelope saw it thank God. Cuz really??!!! (I will tape the episode this weekend to show you the goods) Here we go... WHERE ARE THEY NOW? Chris - I am living in NYC and modeling still. I have learned alot and... zzzzzzzz, I fall asleep at this point. Theo - I have started a production company called (cant read the notes I took, cuz I was writing so fast) with my brothers. We have a couple things lined up and its going well. Aneesa - I am a cocktail waitress and just so every knows...my mom and I are doing GREAT! We love eachother and..." blah blah blah... --- was trying too hard to convince us that her mom is not a psycho anymore. Kyle - Well, after the show I decided to go into acting. I had done theater in college along with weightlifting, football, and other super masculine stuff. (Fucking he said that! FUCKING HE SAID THAT!) I was offered a role on Passions, but I turned it down, cuz its not exactly Macbeth. I mean really...PASSIONS??? (looks for audience laughter) ARGH! I HATE THIS LOSER! Kera - Well, I as well went into acting, but I havent had as much luck as Kyle. (Kyle jumps in with Kera...PASSIONS???? (looks for audiences laughter) I am now living at home and getting my life together. SNORE and HAHAHA. Youll never be an actress Kera. You did the REAL WORLD! Keri - (as adorable as ever)(actually...she looked fucking HOT) Well, I moved back to New Orleans and I am currently engaged to the love of my life. He is someone from my past and when I got back home it just clicked. It happened and I am so happy and ready for the future. (Kyle scowls during this) YOU DIDNT KERI! YOU DIDNT! you did. and I love you for it. Tonya - Well, and you are never going to believe this, but I am no longer with Justin. I saw the show and realized that there was a lot I wanted to change about myself and Justin wasnt allowing me to change. He was keeping me where I was. I am doing well and figuring it all out. You STUPID STUPID bitch. All you had going for you was the fact that you had found the love of your life. Now you are orphenage alone again, but this time with no one. Stupid I tell ya. Eh...she always has that infamous Darren. So there it is... Thats where they are now. But let me tell you...if even for a second you thought that this was going to be the most shocking part of the show...you would be wrong. I am only going to tell you about a few of the big points, but understand that these seven people sat on a stage with a live audience and discussed problems that were still so fresh in everyones minds. They saw the show when WE, the people, saw the show. They found out shit as we found out. And everyones pissed! Everyone gets a chance to say their piece: What do you want the audience to know that is different about you then what the world saw on the show? Annesa - I didnt like the way I handled Veronica and..." boring McBorings Chris - fucking snoresville. Are we serious? The kid opens his mouth and I feel like I am on some intense sleeping pills. He goes on for some time about how he is so proud be sober. Damn. Fuck you for being so boring. Actually...at one point...out of NOWHERE...Kyle says to Chris...and the world...that Chris...what do you know? Half the time I watched you I thought that you were so spacey and out there. Hello Chris! HELLOOOO...(waits for audience laughter) Important tidbit to know. Yet another example of Kyle, the show off, generic, instigating, immature, gossipy, gayest straight man I ever saw, backstabbing, idiot, spouting off about things that dont REALLY need to be said. These people are so fucking rude to eachother and I die with laughter. Man they suck. Theo - I stayed out of all personal problems until I was invited in. I dont go around sticking my nose into things that dont belong me. There were a couple issues that I partook in, but I was included and was supposed to be there. If I am asked about a problem, I give my opinion. Other than that...nope. Good boy. And yes...that is the truth. Tonya - I was honest about everything and everyone got to see what I was going through. People saw me cry and that was hard for me. And it wasnt all bad. I wasnt sick the whole time. Especially during the Halloween show. Kera jumps in with Well Tonya, just so you know...you were DEFINITELY a reason as to why we couldnt do Bloody Mary. (Back to this Bloody Mary bullshit) Tonya - No I wasnt Kera. You know this. (Kera did in fact say, during that episode, that Tonya being at the hospital (the morning of the performance) was in no way a factor in the decision to cancel Bloody Mary. She goes on to say very vehemently that There were 9 reasons why I said we should cancel and you being sick was not one of them!) Now she comes forward with this bullshit. What a liar/pretender. yeah. thats what she is. A LIARPRETENDER. Tonya huffs and puffs and they argue for a bit with it ending on Keras statement of: Well Tonya...I think it (this show) was a very CLEAR representation of you. It was completely true. Tonya - I know Kera, it was. Kera - No Tonya. It is. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I definitely pieced together a few conversations between the two during that episode, but it all boils down to the same thing. Plus...these two psychos act like best friends one minute...because they shared a room...fuck you both...that was never made a real point. You never did shit together...and or course the next minute they are down eachothers throats. whoa. yeah. Now I interject because in order to discuss the one thing they would change about themselves, I have to divulge what happened during the episode with Keri and Kyle. Here you go folks. Breathe deep. Scenes are shown, over and over to the point of sickness, of Keri and Kyles relationship. From hook-ups to conversations to hanging out to going to bars...its all there. While the clips are being shown...Kyle sits there smug and Keri is mouthing the words: Bullshit. BULLSHIT. Bullshit. All of its fucking bullshit. Keri is ready to explode and here she goes: Keri - I was SHOCKED (as we all were) to see what Kyle and Kera did and said behind my back. Kera...you trashed me. You said horrible things about me and Kyle...that whole confessional thing...what the hell was that??? You treated me horribly and the show proved that to me. When I saw the episodes, I couldnt believe what you were saying behind my back. (I dont remember exactly what she said, but I do know that she goes on and on, in a very classy way, about how ridiculous and asinine she thinks that Kyle and Kera are) When asked to sum up herself, Kyle, and Kera, ----didja get all that? The names are similar. Here you go...concentrate now...When asked to sum up....herself...Kyle...and Kera...(after rereading that...I found that line to be a little difficult to understand. But at this point I am drunk) Keri gives the quote of the evening: What I think about the three of us....hmmm......(pause)......two have very similar personalities, the other is VERY different. Meaning---Kyle and Kera are BOTH manipulative bitches and Keri is our beautiful, sweet little angel. And that is correct. As we all know...Keri was had. She was fooled into believing that both of these people were her friends. But at the end...they attempted to ruin her on camera. And boy werent they surprised when quiet, little Keri opened her mouth and this brutal honesty was spewed forth. Please also understand that Kyle basically shut his mouth the whole time, looking totally embarrassed and sometimes smug. Cause ALWAYS smug. Smug bitch. While the clips of her and Kyles romance were being shown, Keri either: a) burst out laughing b) called it bullshit...accusatory bullshit at Kyle c) rolled her eyes When asked this one question...which I cant for the life of me remember, Kyle says: Well I really liked her and shum shum...we had such a personal connection in the beginning. Especially when we both worked at the life guard station. Right Keri...didnt you think that? Keri - What? Oh... whatever Kyle. I dont care anymore. Kyle sits stunned. And fucking good! That is basically it, but OF COURSE you must see the actual episode to see how severe it all really was. Now one last thing...two specific items shocked me during the episodes and both fall under the category of Things We Didnt See. 1) September 11th. The actual episode doesnt do it the justice that the Reunion show does. Brian McFayden, the host, actually chokes up while discussing it. The only reason that this part didnt FULLY make choke me up is because he was the RUDEST MTV host ever. He definitely called Kera a slut about 3 times. Which...I know...she is...but there was a HUGE portion of the show dedicated to that topic. And by the end of it...really...shut up Kera and shut up Brian McFayden. While recaping the Sept. 11th episode, we are all taken back to that horrible day. I get teary still as I am sure you do too. I notice the following things during the recap of the episode: Everyone is gathered in a prayer circle saying that age old adage: God...Grant me the Serenity to accept that which I cannot change and to shumma shum. In the whole group...Kera is the ONLY one who doesnt know it. She just sits and stares at everyone with that LOOK. You know that look. That look of I am so understanding and supportive of you, but also with a hint of I am the best and smartest. She doesnt know the prayer. Is she Jewish? Cuz she might be and then she WOULDNT know it. I dont even know it. But how did the entire group know the whole thing verbatim? Did they hand out copies of it? They must have. And Kera didnt do it. I dont know. The whole thing was strange and hysterical in my head at the time...but as I write it...its just strange. Why did she not know it??? Each member of the group was asked if they wanted to go home right after the attacks. They all gave a resounding Yes, but of course I wanted to...and I immediately checked plane flights and... However...none of them went home. Not even Kyle who basically lives down the street. And remember folks...he was the MOST touched by the whole tragedy. Nicole does live in NYC afterall. I think...they werent allowed to go home. I think the show made them stay. You think...They cant do that...never! I think...they did. They wanted the footage of this happening to real people. Unfortunately, they must have all gone to bed that day, cuz the episode was basically snoresville. Well...Kyle looking at the artwork on the wall (model planes half missing in the plaster---it gives the effect of planes crashing into the wall...but not blowing up...just kind of going through the wall.) makes the comment of How WEIRD is that? Look at that and tell me that that isnt WEIRD. Someone in the room: Yes Kyle. That is weird. Kyle: NO. But its WEIRD. lol oh snores. And the last thing to know about this Sept. 11th thing is that they were brought in a TV from the outside. These 7 had no connection to the outside world...but on this day... they brought in a tv. Now...I am a moron. I MUST be a moron. There is NO television in the real world house? Am I serious??? I have been watching the Real World since its debut and have even read a few books on the different casts and I NEVER knew that there was no television in the houses!!! I never thought about that! Of COURSE there is no television. With a television, no one has to talk to eachother! It makes PERFECT sense. But I was shocked by that. No tv for a good 4-5 months. Now that is some heavy shit. These people truly do make a sacrifice when they sign on to do this show. AND LASTLY...and the MOST IMPORTANT part of the entire show! There is kind of a montage of scenes of things we didnt see. I dont remember much of it, because it prolly was really boring. BUT... the thing I do remember is this: Tonya is fooling around on the computer with a couple of people in the room. Her picture is posted on the internet, as we see by the camera zooming in. And what website is it, you ask???? FUCKING, HOT OR NOT! Tonya, the orphen, has her picture on HOT OR NOT! NO FUCKING WAY! LOLOlololoLOLolOlOLolOlOlololoOlllOl! Holy shit. I SCREAMED when I saw it. She says Justin did it as a joke. Joe says: You did that for real. It about made my night. Seeing that made watching the ENTIRE season, over and over in reruns and rarely missing a new episodes debut, totally worth it. When you know who Tonya is and you know what she is really about...of COURSE she is on Hot or Not. Of course. Its almost as obvious as the house not having a television. So this is it! This is your recap. And here is your bottom line: Never in my life have I seen a reunion show of The Real World in which the people werent fully best friends again. This reunion was so fresh after the show...and they had all only been together once before the taping of this special. They are all still so angry. Feelings are still hurt and tempers are flared. I have to admit. Its my favorite Real World of all time. For me. Everyone has their own favorite and I love them all...so I understand any case based on another season. But for me... I watched it each Tuesday and shared it with my friends, around the water cooler, each Wednesday. :) These people became people I know. They let go and talked about eachother, competed with eachother, and allowed themselves to hate one another. With the exception of Kyle (as we will never know who he TRULY is---but better off that way), all of these people were REAL. At least real in the situation they were placed in. They acted as though they had no idea that when the episodes were pieced together, all of this shit was going to come out. Doing this reunion show immediately after the airing of the season finale was not only smart...it was the icing on the cake for the audience. There were definitely moments when I saw them all sitting on stage and I felt bad. These are real people who, for some reason or another, really believed that this backstabbing wouldnt come to the foreground. They were caught red handed hurting eachother and it read on their faces. The wounds are still fresh and here we are, the American public, watching and laughing and writing up ridiculous reviews. We are a sick society. But on the flip side...the side I prefer...they KNEW going into this that this is what it was going to be. At least in the THIS IS GOING TO BE ON TELEVISION respect) You are allowed to be shocked by how much of an ass you really are...but understand that this is the point. We, the viewers, wouldnt watch a 7 person group of boring ass people. And which do you want more? Viewers or integrity? The answer is simple. All in all...in my opinion...and many people would disagree...MTV is the best station on television. They are fresh, fun, mindless, and FIRST in so many new and creative areas. Reality TV comes from MTV. Dont let Who Wants to be a Millionaire or Big Brother or even that little show Survivor fool you. It all started with MTV. And after all the competition...it all ends with MTV. They are consistent and they are the best in the business. Every reality based show they do: Diary Making the Video Cribs True Life (one of my FAVORITES!) The Real World Road Rules Tough Enough Wannabe Wanna be a VJ? The Osbournes and so many more....these shows may be cheesy at times...but that is the point. MTV knows what it is good at and it consistently breaks new ground. I am proud to say I love MTV. I am 25 years old and I would even be on Undressed. Anything to support my favorite station. And to get me a paycheck. :-D Rock out and I hope you enjoyed this RIDICULOUSLY long recap entry. Can Rita and Kelly come home now? This is getting out of hand.

 So in ridiculous news...you know Stella from Fridays in Boston? Well she is getting $5,000 braces to fix her fangs! UM! I burst out laughing when Paul tells me and then I go "why?" Paul very seriously says: "Cuz she is going to be an actress, Joe". Is it wrong that I laughed even harder and longer at that part?

 Why is it that black people don't get the luxury of tanning in the summer? Similarly, why is it that to be beautiful in the summer, white people make themselves darker? Shouldn't it work out that white people can get darker in the summer if they work at it and black people should get whiter if they work at that? That way everyone is happy.

 So hahaha whoops! I went to the park on my lunch break and accidently fell asleep for about 20 minutes. When I woke up I felt disoriented and like I had fallen into a 12ft. pool. I sat up and a pool of sweat was sitting on my bookbag. On my chest sat another puddle of sweat. And when I stood up...my entire ass was soaked through the shorts. (hee hee oops) I came back and everyone has gotten quite the laugh out of seeing me dry in the front, soaking wet in the ass. I better get some damn color from this experience. It's not much fun sitting in your own wetness. BLECH.

 I ABSOLUTELY HAD TO POST THIS. I never post shit like this, but I did shit myself and laugh obnoxiously out loud at almost every paragraph. Now THIS is funny. Nothing is ever funny. But THIS...now THIS is funny. And the reason I post this is because it is me. This is how I would write if I ever wrote anything. In my opinion, this is funny. I am taking a risk here folks. Please understand that. BEES DON'T KILL SMOKERS Apis Mellifera Countered By Marlboro I was sitting around the other day. Just standing smoking a cigarette. Not doing anything at all. When out of the blue, BAM! A large man-lady of hippopotamus proportions ambled right in the line of fire of my smoke exhalation. Then the dumb bitch has the audacity to make that phony coughing sound - as if she couldn't be more discreet. So I grabbed Ms. Load by the arm and insisted, "If killer bees come to attack us, you're gonna' die bitch! But I'll still be puffin the grit you ambiguous colossus!" Okay, no I didn't. But I really wanted to. Damn, at least let me explain. I was watching the Discovery channel a long time ago. There was this special on beekeepers and how they keep themselves from being stung by two thousand and three pissed-off bees. In the program they enlightened a commonly used tactic to keep the bees serene: smoke. You see, most insects can't breathe in smoke, so naturally, smoke sends them flying away like Anne Heche with a sock full of heterosexuality. But get this: HUMANS CAN BREATHE IN SMOKE! EVEN CIGARETTE SMOKE! AND WE DON'T HAVE TO FLY AWAY! It's as true as the Marlboro man is. You know who he is, right? That badass cowboy who has nothing better to do than chill out on the ranch and smoke Reds. What a cool cat! He makes me want to put on some rawhide chaps, a nice Stetson hat and some Old Spice deodorant so that I can sit on a wooden fence and watch the cattle graze. And maybe, if I'm a patient enough cowboy, I'll get so see a couple gay steers do the horizontal hobble. Where seldom is heard a discouraging word... So word around the campfire is that bees can't breathe in smoke. But it's more than just idle talk - it's true. That's why beekeepers use smoke. Have you learned nothing? The beekeepers also wear protective clothing. Giant welding masks, Kevlar body suits, shell-toed Adidas and Victoria Secret panties for the comfort. They're dealing with deadly insects you know! Nutso #1: Egad Dwayne! I'm all out of smoke! Nutso #2: Thank God I have these cigarettes! Nutso #1: Yay! Cigarettes saved the day! Thank you Ziff Davis! Nutso #2: I think you mean Philip Morris. I could talk about bees and cigarettes all day! Like this one time I went out on my porch to get some fresh air and I ended up sitting on a big fat hairy bumblebee. It stung me right in the ass flesh and it really hurt. My butt was numb and soon after sported a large welt the size of Princess Di's tombstone. And another time I was catching lightning bugs at night when I accidentally, coincidentally and inadvertently (not to mention unintentionally) snatched a bee. It was a catastrophe. After it ate all the lightning bugs in the jar, it turned on me and stabbed my eyebrow with its ass-skewer (scientific name is 'STINGER'). I looked as though someone had whacked me in the face with a giant bee. Luckily, I don't have any reactions to bee stings. But my neighbor did. His mom wouldn't let him out of the house in the summer for fear that a disgruntled bee might sting him. "Fuck that Queen whore! Roll up another ball of wax? Screw that! I'm going to go out hara-kiri style," said the disgruntled bee. And then I imagine that my neighbor would have peered his pale visage between the screen door for the first time and then BAM! Smarted in the neck by a peeved insectazoid aggressor! That was cool. Well, it never actually happened, but it would have been cool. When a honeybee stings, it pumps poison into its victim from its bulging sac. That sounds really gross, or really sexy. I can't decide. But it hurts. And not in the good way like the sexy way implies. But anyway, bees don't like smoke. So most beekeepers use smoke to keep the bees away. Some people even use liquid smoke. But many professional beekeepers steer away from this tactic because the substance is somewhat like hair spray and it clogs the nozzle. Turns out a few beekeepers came up missing. That's funny, too. So I figured that smoking cigarettes would lessen my chances of being killed by bees. So don't rap to me that I will die from smoking because I will reply by saying, "No. You will die when the bees come." Then you'll look at me all retarded. I promise that if I'm smoking and you come up and feign a cough or insinuate that second-hand smoke is depleting your health, I WILL PUNCH YOU IN THE FACE! Or, for your own health, stay the fuck away from smokers when they are smoking. It's common sense. It's not like we can smoke inside restaurants anymore. And if we can we're forced to sit in a room with a box fan and bars on the windows. Most smokers are considerate. We don't blow it in your face any more than you flaunt that greasy cheeseburger in front of vegans. Come to think of it, I just might keep a jar full of bees in my pocket. When someone says something to me or waves their hand in front of their face whilst panting their tongue, I will violently shake the jar of bees. The aggravation will build and then I'll open the top and continue smoking as they sting you to death - just like that little boy in "My Girl," except you probably look nothing like Macaulay Culkin. So you just sit there all happy and free while we serve our master behind an immure of stockade-like surroundings. I am a smoker and I know that when I'm deserted by a beehive in Africa that I will have fortification in the form of cancer sticks. So when you've got a population of rascally creepy crawlers on your ass don't come begging me for a cigarette! I'll be too busy laughing maniacally while you're suffering mastication from a cloud of KILLER BEES!

 Talk about offensive. No...talk about funny, but also overboard and offensive. If you seriously have epilepsy, or you were diagnosed at one time as having epilepsy, it may be a smart thing to avoid this link. But if you were wondering if you do have seizures of any kind...it is time to test yourself out. urlLink Epilepsy Test Certain people...and you know who you are...are not to do this test, unless supervised by an adult.

 Penelope's brother Ethan is at work today and already he is contributing to the more interesting/less work attitude that P and I got goin. To start my day, Ethan showed me a site in which you can vote on the new structure of the World Trade Center. Would you like to vote as well? If so, urlLink Click Here

 I fucking can't believe it. Really...when you least expect it, your life changes over night. Well...this isn't really a case of that...but still...what the fuck just happned? So I am standing in the corner of one of the trains on the subway minding my own business. When I get to 30th street, I decide to leave my cramped hole and get close to the door. As I swing around to face the doorway, the girl in front of me turns around and like out of a movie we both say at the exact same time: "Oh my God." Standing in front of me is a girl named Desiree. I am in SHOCK. I look next to her and who the fuck do I see sitting there??? KIM MOORE! UM! KIM MOTHA FUCKING MOORE! Kelly...do you remember Kim? She lived with Andrea. Ok..let me explain before this gets super annoying. Kim and Desiree are two of the 34 residents that lived in my hall when I was an RA, my junior year of college. I was THAT RA. The one that drank with his residents, covered for them on every occassion, bought pot for and from them, etc. In turn, they went to every program I put up, showed up at every hall council meeting, and became, for the year...my best friends. It was a crazy year for me for so many reasons...but the best and worst of it came from these 34 people. I have to admit it. I was an AMAZING RA. In my 3 years in the dorm, I never saw a floor bond as well as mine did. Most of them stayed in touch all through college and even moved in with eachother once that time came to move off campus. To prove my point more...Desiree and Kim were from TWO sides of the track when they met at my first hall meeting...and now they live together in Astoria! We all did a lot together and we all got close real fast. Damn. That was a GOOD year for me in a lot of aspects. Kim, Andrea, and I became the closest first. They were both drop dead gorgeous and the kind of girls that I usually am friends with. Not because they are gorgeous, but because they were fun and just like me. We had an intense friendship for about 4 months. I was straight at the time and fell for Andrea. My brother came to visit and he and Kim fell hard for eachother. That was difficult for me to deal with at the time...but so it goes... At the end of the first semester, I had a MAJOR falling out with these girls, cuz I realized that I was giving them all of my attention and not focusing on the other 32 people of my floor. Needless to say, I branched out and they got pissed. Since that time, I haven't really gotten along with Kim and Andrea. It's always a fake "hi" and an even faker "bye". I got close to Desiree when I had to spend the night in the hospital with her due to her horrible asthma attacks. The year ended with a fucking BANG and I said goodbye to all of them. The next year, I pulled away from ALL of them completely, in typical Joe style, and got to know my girls of 56B. The girls that stayed with me up until this point and the girls that I owe my life to. All the bullshit with my residents up until that point was worth it, having met these incredible 56B ladies. But I sacrificed all of them in the process. When I saw Desiree and Kim on the subway, my heart stopped. So many things flashed through my mind. 1) I was INCREDIBLY excited to see them. 2) They don't know I am gay. I came out two years after not talking to them anymore. 3) I think they might still harbor negative feelings for me, considering how it all went down at the end. Kim especially. So, because of all of this bullshit...I had no idea how to react to them. I acted like I didn't want to see them and when it was time to go our separate ways...I said: "Well...see you at the subway again." They both looked a little disheartened, but it was too late. I had already killed the chance of asking for or giving my number. They were like "ok...see ya", I hugged and kissed them, turned on my heels and walked away. As I walked home I started to get upset. Why was I like that to them? Regardless of these thoughts I had...why did I not just suck it up and be nicer? Why didn't I give them my number and let them make the choice of calling me? I'll tell you why. It's so RARE...in fact...it's almost impossible for me to run into anyone who doesn't know that I am gay anymore. And if that exceptional occassion does happen, I have no problem telling the person. This is different. These people looked up to me and for a year I was their mentor and best friend. I lied to them about who I was. Well, in actuality, I lied to myself about who I was. It wasn't their fault. But damn. Now look what I have done. When I walked in the door, I immediately tracked down Kim's number and have since been calling her over and over and over. No answering machine and no answer. Now I am forced to sit and stew. I miss Kim alot. I always have. She was an incredible person and I always felt really bad about how things ended. But you know it is impossible to go back and apologize. I don't know where her feelings are at right now. I hurt her and I know I hurt her badly. Of all of the people on the floor...she is one of 3 people that I just destroyed by pulling away. She, of the 3, is the only person who destroyed me right back. As I said...she and Andrea had a lot in common with me, including the way we handle dicks. And I was the dick. I want to see her. I must see her. I need to take her out for drinks and maybe we can get a friendship going again. Alright...time to go give her a ring again. Let a word to the wise be sufficient... Life is coincidental and the world is small. It is never impossible to go back and fix things. Here is my chance. When is yours?

 So now that Paul has no job, he has gotten increasingly more adorable. He calls me like every five minutes just to say crazy things. The thing he just said was this: "Joe..I have two huge things I need to tell you. First is that there is a huge storm cloud over my head and no other clouds in the sky. But it is right over my head. Second is that there are Asians everywhere. I was just sitting on a bench and heard these two British guys talking about something interesting. So I peek my head over the bushes to check them out and staring back at me were two pairs of Asian eyes. It was fucking creepy!" I LOL'd until I about shit myself. (which isn't a hard thing to do today...have had about 3 intense cases of diarehhea in 4 hours) Also...a good point to know...The secret shopper that got Paul fired from his job was Asian. So now he hates all of them. And I don't blame him. Asians are sick! ;) He is being so fucking cute I don't know what to do with myself. He has said over and over, in the last week, that he is so excited for Florida. Member how last month he was ruining my life by saying how much he was dreading it? Well good old Paul comes through again with his last minute...I love everything attitude. Thank God for that. He stresses me the fuck out, but at the same time...I know that he will always come through. I am going to go set up a poll that I NEED answered by all of my friends. I will leave it up until I go to Florida. Everyone...please take a minute out of your day to give me some advice. Have a great night! Especially Kelly who is in NC and Rita who is in Scotland today! YAY!

 Man it is beautiful outside today. Man alive! I definitely got some color. My arms are actually stinging a bit. And I lovel it! If the weather keeps up, I might not need to spend any money on tanning. That would be bizomb. Did you hear what I said? Bizomb. Yeah, that's what I said. Tonight is the Real World Chicago Reunion special. Literally can't wait. From the sounds of it, Kyle and Kera haven't grown up a bit since the show. Kyle actually goes so far as to say the following: "I do theater as well as weightlifting, sports, and other manly things." Now I don't know what he is referring to (God hopes it's not that creepy/realistic performance of his in The Cough ), but I do know that he is no way a MANLY man. Weightlifting or not. Kyle is the biggest gossiping bitch on the show and I think the world has already realized that as a man...Kyle knows not how to be. What a fuck. Don't destroy the name of theater people everywhere. And Kera...shut the fuck up for once. The funniest part of the preview, though, has to be when Kera says: "I never said that did I?" (referring to her statement of "I am going to land me a man"). The computerized voice goes "Yes you DID Kera." I about shit myself. If you even have computerized voices saying that you are a fuck...then guess what...you are a fuck! It will be sad to let this all go. Chicago was one of my favorites. OH MY GOD! Have I seriously forgot to mention this???? I saw a preview this weekend on MTV that went a little something like this: Opening shot of the first NYC Real World house with one of the original people going: "NYC!" Then the commercial continues through every season with each picture being that of a season of the Real World. But then...OMIGOD...then...right after "return to NY" and before "Chicago" is a picture of VANCOUVER with a big X over it. After the commercial comes to a close...you hear this big whoosh and then "The Real World Movie: Vancouver, the Lost Season". Coming in august, I think. UM! Vancouver the lost season what??????????? I freaked! I mean...fucking freaked! Who else is just as curious and excited??? ROCK! Things like this make MTV the best network out there. I fucking love those people, with their ingenious ideas and marketing tools. It's enough to make Rita proud.

 I kept telling myself that the reason I have never been a Blog of Note is because I don't have fancy shmancy shit on my page. But then...I find this Blog of Note today: urlLink I mean, what? It's not a BAD page, but it is no better then Penelope's or mine. So what's the dilly blogger? I said: What's the DILLY blogger?!?!?!?

 Time for lunch. Or.... Time to sit in the park! Best part of the day, if you ask me.

 Three very important thoughts for you to think about: 1) While I was outside, I saw an absolutely BEAUTIFUL blind girl with her ugly seeing boyfriend. Now is that fair? 2) Eminem has a song on his new album called "Hallies Song". It's about his daughter and let me tell you something... I adore the song. Not only is it about something of substance for once, but he SINGS on it. I mean, REALLY tries to sing. The song is flawless, like his others, but with this one...you can feel the emotion exuding off of it. I'm telling you folks...3 good songs on the album and I am buying it. It's my rule. 3) I had a moment earlier when I felt really horrible for Doris. Now, understandably, it is almost impossible to ever imagine such a thing as feeling sorry for dis beast, but I did and still do. She has been screamed at, belittled, and stomped on all day. Now, she DOES deserve it, but man! These people have just pounced on her face all day. Hmmmmm.....why does it bother me so?

 Hey Penelope! The superintendent aka Marco the rich...has put up our second set of shelves in the resource room! DAYIM they look good. And Ian came in to say goodbye before he left for Cali. He will be back at the end of August. So essentially...you have missed nothing today. ;)

 So I NEED to come up with a new theme to my blogger. I am bored as shit with it. I don't know what happened. I just don't like it anymore. Maybe I am just in a rut with it. But honestly...do I need any more ruts in my life? So if this thing just casually dies...let it. Let it go in peace. We'll see... These are the highlights of the past week: 1) Rita and Kelly left for their vacations!!! I have the house all to myself, which has turned out to be a lot more misery than I thought. Some days are amazing! Some days make me really sad to have them gone. Either way...I am trying my damndest to enjoy the time alone. This kind of thing only comes once a year, so gotta try to love it. :-/ 2) The cat and I have become bosom buddies. For the first two days, he completely ignored me. Didn't even come out from his hiding places. But then late on Saturday, I was crying like a pathetic loser and he came out from the closet and sat right on my lap. Um what??? He has never done that before. And it made me cry more. He's a cute boy. Since then, he won't leave me alone. He follows me from room to room and is constantly in need of attention. So am I...so it's a relationship based on a mutual affection. Every morning at 5:00am, he walks into my room and screams his head off. I don't know why. I think because the sun is coming up at that point. Either way...we go to bed together every night and every morning begins with me screaming at him to shut up. Ahhh...the life of being married to a cat. 3) Paul lost his job at Fridays. Uh what?!?!?! Right...he lost his job at Fridays. This is what happened: Sunday night was very busy at the bar. Paul was rushing around serving drink after drink after drink when suddenly this woman pulls him aside and asks for the manager. Paul calls the manager up to the front bar and the lady proceeds to explain that she is with a "secret shopper program" and Paul didn't ID her. The rule at Fridays is that if you don't ID someone, you are terminated on the spot. (Kelly...it actually wasn't the BARS program...weird right?) So...Paul was asked to not come in on Monday and received a phone call late last night informing him that he is fired. UGH! He and I cried when we talked about it. (I am an emotional wreck) We came up with some ideas as to where he can apply for a new job. We also discussed making arrangements for him to move to NYC as early as Oct. 1st! WOW. So there may be a dim light at the end of this tunnel. He is a strong kid and he will get through it. And there is still a chance that he will be allowed back at work. But at this point...he doesn't want to go back there after all this. I don't blame him. 4) Yesterday I hated my job more than I have hated anything in my life. I could have KILLED everyone. So irritating and the project that Penelope and I are working on is so fucking awful, I don't even know where to begin. UGGLES. Today at work has been MUCH better. People are in better moods and Doris has fucked off completely. I kind of let her have it at the end of yesterday. Can't wait until 5pm. 5) Hung out with Penelope on Friday night and had a blast. As usual. It was a late night and I thoroughly enjoyed myself. :-D 6) My parents have returned from Germany with smiles and with safe travels. The prayers have worked! They had tons of stories to tell and have informed me that Rita will be going to see my brother on Friday. How fucking cool is that. VERY COOL. SO RJR just came by and was like: "You are typing fast, it must be good. What are you doing? What's Post to Cut the Shit?" I about die laughing that she actually asked and I told her the truth. It's my personal and PRIVATE online journal. She was like: Great idea! Why "Post to Cut the Shit?" I go: "Because I am a very mature 25 year old". She smiles and walks away. Ugh. Oh and by the way RJR. It's not called "Post to Cut the Shit". Just "Cut the Shit". You know...Cut__ The__Shit. and also...LOLOLOLOLOLOL. I saw about a hundred thousand movies this weekend. Here is the list: Moulin Rouge (again) A Knight's Tale Dude, Where's my Car? The Royal Tennenbaums Rollerball Dick Tracy Night of the Living Dead Shrek (whatever you do...don't even bother with Rollerball . Damn that shit was awful. Tennenbaums ...amazingbaums!) (oooh! Just so you all know...RCS and jaba are SCREAMING at doris right now. I mean...SCREAMING!!!!! I have no idea why...but it is fucking intense. Now Doris is BUGGING! Now they are bugging back. Man...wish I could hear what they are saying!) In any case...bored now. This journal writing aint so bad. Maybe I won't kill it afterall. I'll think about it. Hey...anyone want RITAS next week? I do! I do! PEAYCE! RCS has said: "Let me RE-ITERATE" about a hundred times, each time growing louder and louder and louder. They are all yelling at the same time. If Doris don't come out of this meeting in tears...then I swear, it's true. She has no heart at all.

 So I am writing in here for my poor little souls who are stuck working in the Hillel and aren't lucky enough to sit at home and stew like I am. I have a headache. A headache that hasn't quit for days. But even bigger than my headache is the work ache that I get when I sit around and think about it. I hate my job for the last couple of days. I don't know if it is my sickness...but either way...I am so tired of my hum-drum life at the Jewish agency that is my demise. I am tired. I am sick and I am bored. All I have been saying lately is that I am "bored". What has happened? Am I actually getting itchy despite my perfect, non-important, EASY life? I had an INCREDIBLE birthday. Everyone did what they could to make it exceptional...and let me say...it was one of the best times of my life. At one point...Kelly noticed that I hadn't even begun to start drinking and she says: "Joe...I don't know what to do with you ...drink!" It's just that I felt a NATURAL high that I haven't felt in so long. I was happy. Just plain happy to be alive and to have my friends be everything to me that I needed them to be. I felt special for the day. I felt happiness pure and true. My friends did that for me. I had Penelope, Mariah, Kelly, Rita, Angie...all in the same place for the same reason...me! I will write more about my day when my head doesn't hurt so bad. Man...it was just about the best. Boston was perfect. Will write more about that later as well. But to be honest.. Paul may not know how to give gifts...as will be explained later...but he is so in love with me and that means more than any present he could give. The kid literally would do anything just to see me smile. He LOVES me. How weird is it to be so loved by someone? Very fucking weird. He loves me. I want to write it a thousand times. He loves me like no one has ever loved me. A very pure and real love . A love that is honest and jealous. A blatant and true love. Man...I lucked out with this one. Headache... I have the day off tomorrow because I feel like garbage. Why am I even writing in this? Prolly cuz of boredom and because I want to communicate with my co-worker Penelope. I am hanging with her this weekend. I hope she will have me over. Rita and Kelly are off on vacation for a week and I will be all alone. I went on and on about how excited I am to be alone and to do what I want to do...but to be honest...I am a little sad. I will be alone and lonely. Penelope...get ready for some Joe time. Mariah is out of town in Cape Cod. Joe is home, alone, sad, and relying on the only friend he has. Don't get me wrong...I LOVE hanging with P. She is bomb shit and I would chill with her anyway...regardless of vactations...but still....she is going to have to work overtime to keep my emotions in check. I NEED her next week. NEED. :( Love me k? Head pounding...must leave computer...I love you all. thank you for being my fwiend. I appreicate all of you. Sorry my head hurts. Snarf.

 So the day continues... For lunch, Kelly and Rita took me to a Psychic to get my palm read. Her name was Tina and she had itty bitty brown teeth. At first, she was really intense and I bought into everything she was saying. She told me that my Aura was very dark right now due to the lack of support that I have with my friends. Also that my close circle was really jealous of me, etc. She told me that I need to pull away from these people in order to succeed in my chosen career, etc. Then she goes: "Do you have a question for me?" I say: "What can I do to get my positive Aura back?" She says: "Well, you need to give me $190 for these purple crystals. 9 of them to be exact." Idiot me gives her $1.90. She about bursts into laughter and says: "No. $190. I take checks, cash, etc." I say: "I don't have that kind of money on me." Tina proceeds to ask me if my friends have the money. In my head I am thinking...My friends ain't gonna give me $190 for crystals just so that I can turn around and tell them that Tina says that they are jealous of me and hate me deep down. Craziness, right? I leave her apartment and try to hunt down Kelly and Rita so that we can jump on a subway and get away without paying this loon. Unfortunately, the devil herself aka Tina, found us on the street and got her money. She turned to me, baring those beautiful, pearly browns and said: "Now remember...don't tell your friends about this reading. Keep it to yourself." "Oh, and call me when you have the money." Right Tina...in fact...I will write over my birthday checks to you. :-D But thank you to Kelly for this unforgettable experience. In fact, Tina said to me over and over "You will never forget me." She was right...I will laugh from today until forever about how ridiculous you are lady. When I returned to work, I was so overjoyed to find a HUGE bouquet of flowers from Paul. THEY ARE AMAZING! He did such a wonderful job picking them out and it makes me feel good. He always comes through. But why does he have to be such a prick first? I'll never know. I also got cards from everyone I work with, as well as a GORGEOUS (german for awesome) photo album, and two blocks of cheese from my lady friend, one miss Angela. Everyone took such good care of me and that makes my heart swell to about 3 times its original size. As we know...I can be grinchy, but today...I am just happy. In other news...Angie called me today to say happy birthday. I was dreading talking to her, but once on the phone...damn I miss her. I try to shut the door on her face every day, but somehow she always makes it back in. She is an incredible girl with the best of intentions. It's just that sometimes she does some really shitty things. I don't know. I do hope she can make it out tonight. I realized today that there are all GIRLS going out with me for my birthday. Not one gent. For real? Have I really turned into that guy? I guess I have always been that guy, but wow. I need some male companionship. Sometimes. For the most part...I love being friends with girls. They are so much more fun. But I would like to have a guy go out with us just so that he can protect us from harm. HAHAHAHAHA. That's what Rita's boyfriend will do when he gets here. Protect all of us ladies. :-D Today has been a beautiful day from beginning to end. It's how birthdays should go. I love everyone in my life and am so grateful for everything that was done for me today. And the day has only just begun. This week is bomb. I tried to write every little detail in here so that I wouldn't forget a thing. Ever. (Big sigh of love)

 WOW. So if it weren't for Paul, this day would be going perfectly. :( He is just so weird and wasn't as nice on the phone as I hoped he would be. But I am going to force that out of my head and focus on everything else thats good today. Ugh. He just sets me back and that is so unfair. I would rather not talk to him at all then talk to him and have him be an asshole. Anyway...Since this morning, I had a 30 minute talk with my brother that was wonderful! I talked to my dad, my mom, and Mariah. Then Kelly's sister Aly, Im'ed me to wish me a happy birthday. :-D THEN...I get this voice message on the work answering machine from Kelly's parents saying "Happy Birthday" and some other really nice things. It was so great! Having all of these people say and do this makes me feel so loved and happy. We all need a day like this every once in awhile. Just reminds you that people really do care about you and that you aren't as alone as you would think. Thank you everyone. Thank you so so much. Thank you for making up for my boyfriend. :( One should always be able to count on their friends to make up for other things. And I am blessed to have an incredible group of them here in this city. Leaving in about 10 minutes with Rita to go meet Kelly for the first part of the day! YAY! I never want this day to end. Never. :(

 TODAY IS MY 25th BIRTHDAY! TODAY IS MY FUCKING BIRTHDAY! YAY! It's weird when you wake up on the day of your birthday. Everything seems different. Good different, but different nonetheless. As soon as my eyes opened I thought, WOW! I am 25 years old today. And it feels good! I feel older and more mature. Not that a night's sleep will do that. I was talking to Rita last night about how it sucks to keep getting older. But today, I feel good. I am actually happy that I am 25. Maybe I worried too much about being this age in the past and now I have just come to accept it. I mean, of course, there are things I want to change...such as my career, financial status, etc. But for today...I am thrilled to be 25. And I am thrilled to still look like I am 18. I guess the days are coming when I am going to have to capatilize on that theory. I remember all of these people saying to me: "You look so young...you will love that when you get older". Well, now I am older and I do in fact love that. So here is what I have done on my birthday so far: Did my normal routine and then while I sat and smoked my cigarette before work, I opened the the birthday cards that I received thus far. I got one from my uncles, one from my granny, one from Rita, one from Rita's sister Jeannie. I have to admit...up until this point...Jeannie's card is by far my favorite. I loved yours too Reets. But Jeannie...damn that shit be funny. I laughed out loud and then hugged the card to my chest. Ok, I didn't quite hug the card to my chest...that would be queer, right? Thank you for thinking of me. :-D (picture one lone tear rolling down my face...but a tear of happiness) After opening my cards, I had a moment of sadness. I don't know why. Sometimes when I get really happy, something in me slaps me in the gut and makes me sad. I don't know. It's on days like today that I miss my brother alot and also my grandmother. Weird huh? It kinda just creeps up on you. But it will be a good day and I know that they are both here with me in spirit and I will do my best to get in touch with that today. :) What else was weird...no one on the subway seemed to know it was my birthday. No one offered me a seat or even said "Happy Birthday". Assholes. When I got to work, everyone was so adorable. They all wished me a good day and I got cards and hugs! It was really wonderful. Rita had breakfast ready, hot, and waiting at my desk for me. She is so good to me! Especially since when I was on my way in, I almost bought a Vitamin Water, but thought...I will wait until someone runs out for coffee. Then I came in and my favorite flavor was sitting at my desk. MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM. At 1:40pm, I leave for lunch for the first phase of the day. Kelly will be waiting at 92nd street for Rita and I. What could it be? I am really excited about today. Also! When I was like 2 years old, my dad bought me a little kid record with the "Birthday Song" on it. It goes like this: "My name is Zoom and I live on the moon...I just came down to sing you this tune...hey Joe...it's your birthday...TODAY!" Every year since I was two years old, he has either played the record for me or sang it to me on the phone. This year, I came into work to find that he had faxed the song to me. :-D HOW CUTE IS HE!?!?!?! I was wondering if this year was going to go by without the song. Man...he is such an incredible person. So thoughtful and so great. He helped to start my day on such a beautiful note. Thank you dad. AND! My room is officially set-up and perfect. I spent two more hours on it last night redecorating and organizing the shit on my walls. Then I just sat and stared at my new place. I love the way it came out. There is tons of stuff to look at and it feels like home now. It is mine and I am so happy it is done. Thank you again Kelly for getting this started for me. You did so much hard work and got my ass in gear. You are the best. Ok...that's it for now. Will report back with more later!

 I just stuck my fingers in there and nope! I didn't. Phew huh?

 For a second I thought I pooped my pants.

 So I went to the park today on my lunch break even though it was overcast and muggy. I don't know if it is because my birthday is tomorrow or what, but the sky opened up for about a half hour today and I was able to bake myself. It's like God said, in a big booming voice, "Hello Joe. Whaddya know? Here is some tan". I gladly accepted the gift, and maybe even got a smidge of color. Yeah...a smidge. It's almost time to go home. Lucky me doesn't have to tutor today. Ok...I shouldn't really be saying lucky me...it was supposed to be my first day. Oh well. It's just that I want to spend the whole week doing what I want to do and none of it doing what anyone else wants to do. Sounds fair right? Did you know that once you turn 25 years old...you get to slap each of your friends in the mouth? It's like this swedish tradition. Tomorrow...everyone I see gets a slap right on their lips. Better watch out for me. Ever wonder why people even celebrate birthdays? If so, click on this to learn the truth: urlLink History of Birthdays Ok...time to go plan more things for my vacation. With the amount of activities I have researched, Paul and I are going to have about 5 seconds of free time. And that's if we don't sleep or have sex. oh god...am I really having sex with him in Florida. yes Yes I am.

 When I walked out of the house this morning, I was unplesantly surprised to find Fuckface getting something out of a car in front of our house. As I walked by, he shut the door and we said "Hi" and both turned to walk to the subway together. I was fully ready to suck it up and deal with it, knowing that we would have to walk and talk, but then, he took a step behind me and I just walked ahead. He walked about 10 feet behind me for the entire time and then ran into me at the metro pass machine. It was all pretty humerous and thank God that I look good today. I was like "eh...see ya fuckface". It's not bad being put into uncomfortable situations if you just remain calm and make the other person look like an asshole. Works really well actually. :-D

 Shit. I have a lot to write today. I might have to do this in installments. You see...the whole thing started when I got home on Friday. The birthday festivities officially began and they ain't gonna stop until this Friday. I love a week full of birthday. It is just about the best week of the year. My parents were so excited to have me home. We drank tons of wine, smoked a LOT of pot and opened my birthday gifts right from the beginning. They were really generous with me this year. When I mentioned that to them, they were like "You are 25! It's a big birthday!" (Secretly I think they just feel sorry for my poor ass, but hey...I'll take it) I showed them my headshots and they went on and on and on. My dad started to cry, my mom held my hand and we all just sat there feeling and knowing that this is all starting right now. Wow. After the drinking and board games, we ate tacos (my favorite food to eat at home) and I literally passed out in my bed at 2:30am with the tv on. I was expecting to stay up a bit by myself and chill, but that was a fruitless effort. Saturday, my mom took me to get a one hour full body massage. At first, I was terrified and totally skeptical. I had never done this type of thing before and I was very uncomfortable with having to take my clothes off. ALL my clothes off. I met the nice lady before she did the massage and she made me feel so comfortable. (My mom had said that it would work out cuz the massage therapist was incredible--and that she was!) The room was dim, I was naked under a sheet, some type of Japanese music was playing in the background, and she began rubbing my shit down. IT WAS FUCKING AWESOME. The first five minutes were definitely weird. Especially when she put her hands on my ass. But eventually, you have to just let go. I was on another planet for the entire hour. In fact, it went by so fast that I about shit myself when she told me to put on my clothes and meet her outside. (P.S. Don't REALLY shit yourself while naked under a sheet. Massage therapists don't like that.) When I walked out of the room, my head was buzzing and cloudy and I literally stumbled out of the building. No, I really STUMBLED out of the building. I felt like I had just done an excessive amount of drugs. It was pretty awesome. I have never been that relaxed in my life and hells if I am not counting the days until I get to do it again. Unfortunately, it costs like $65 for a professional massage, so this can't be an addiction type activity. I am going to have to space out my need for full naked rubdowns. But if you get the chance...GO! Everyone is uncomfortable with the body image thing...but once you let go...I am telling you...it's like nothing else. After that, my mom took me on a shopping spree for summer clothes. She got me tons of shit, including new kicks, and 3 new necklaces. 3! Memble last week how I had no necklaces?? Well, now I have 3. :-D And I love them all! Following the shopping extravaganza of my life, my parents took me out to dinner at the Old Country Buffet. Yes, it was my choosing to go there. I got real stoned before we left, with my parents knowing and loving it (my dad especially thinking it was cool--???), and then proceeded to eat my face off. I mean EAT MY FACE OFF. At one point, the "waitress" brought me over a new face and asked me politely not to do that again. The one thing that shocked me a little was the clientele at this place. We were there at 4pm, but let's talk about scumbags... I mean, it's not there fault...it's $7 all you can eat and that is an affordable meal for extremely overweight, poor black folk. ;) When I was up getting my salad, this little black girl was standing next to me sucking down jello cubes of some sort and wiping her smeary nasty hands on the sneeze guard. I burst into laughter, avoided the pasta salad and went back to the table. If you think about it...it is very rare that we are ever in the type of establishment that these type of people are. Even in NYC. I am not saying that I am Mr. Class or that I have all the money in the world (haha), but damn these people were like used to feeding in troughs outside of their barn! Once dinner was over, we all went home for an hour nap and then off to the Saratoga Race Track. We went for the Harness racing, which if you don't know, is smaller horses that run around a mile long track with little chariots tied to their backs. The jockeys ride back there and the whole thing is just great! I mean...you gotta feel bad for the horses, but after 4 beers, I swear I saw the horses smiling that they were getting whipped in the ass. After the first race, one of the horses wouldn't stop running crazily around the track. The jockey was thrown from the little chariot thing and the horse bolted towards the fence surrounding the track. People were trying to wave down the horse, there is a woman on a horse trying to get this crazy steed under control, but to no avail. The horse jumps the fence, smashing the chariot into a billion pieces and takes off out of the raceway. Where did he end up? Probably shot to death in the parking lot. :( I don't know what was scarier...when the horse went running away, or when everyone in the crowd was like "Oh God. Someone help! BLAH BLAH YIPES!" No...someone actually said: "Blah Blah Yipes!" That person was a jackass. Overall...the time at the racetrack was probably my favorite. I had such an incredible time with my parents. We just joke around and laugh and make fun of everyone and its all so great. They took such wonderful care of me this weekend and I am so happy to have them. My mom did about 80 pounds of laundry for me, they gave me the money to get my headshots reproduced (although I told them it was a loan and that I would give them the money in August.), and they did whatever I wanted to do with no complaints. It was perfect. Wednesday evening, they leave to go spend a week or two with my brother in Germany. They are psyched and I am psyched for them. I talked to my brother quite a bit in the last couple of days and he is thrilled to have them come. For once HE is going to be the only brother in the family. ;) SO THEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I come home from the weekend to find the most INCREDIBLE BIRTHDAY PRESENT EVER! Kelly, while I was gone, completely rearranged my room and made it beautiful! I mean...she TOTALLY gave my room an OVERHAUL! My jaw hit the floor when I saw it and I think I stood in the center of it speechless for a good 20 minutes. I was a little nervous at first cuz there is so much space in there now. I thought that she just took a huge garbage bag and dumped it all in the trash. But she didn't. ;) It definitely took a little while to get used to, but I immediatly got down to business on fixing it up the way I want it. I needed this push and Kelly new that. She DID this for me. She worked so hard and I will never forget this for as long as I live. It looks so good. I am going to re-do the walls tonight and make it exactly the way I want it. Then, after a year and a half of being here, my room will be done! I am seriously overjoyed by this whole thing. I woke up this morning and let out a yelp of glee. It's like a brand new place and it looks so fucking good. For the first time since I graduated college, I have a slamming room again. :-D Thank you Kelly. I can't say it enough. What you did was the nicest thing anyone has done for me in so long. It is...damn. It means so much. Now...on to the rest of the week of birthday! Tomorrow is the actual day when I will turn 25! Ugh! But ROCK! I am not dreading the age thing at all. It's nice having Rita turn the year older first, cuz then I can warm up to it a bit before I do. I have no idea what my friends are planning, but I am so fucking excited. At one point, there was a grilled cheese restaurant involved. But that has since been nixed due to my peeking eyes. HEEHEEHEEHEEHEEHEEHEE! I wonder what is going on!?!?!?! Unfortunately Paul will not be attending. That hurts. He and I have had some ok conversations lately, but there is always this underlying disappointment on my part. I am sad that he is not going to be in town, but I understand. I leave for Boston on Wed., so it's not that I won't get to spend any time with him. It just sucks that I won't be able to have everyone I know and love at the same place on the same night. And if he does surprise me and show up, I will probably punch him in the face for playing this stupid "I am going to tell you I am not coming and then come" game. I hate that game. BUT! I am very excited to do it up with my friends without having to worry about any of the bullshit that goes along with Paul. I can be myself and get trashed and not worry if I end up finding some guy on the street that wants his dick sucked. :-D Too bad I have to work at all this week. I shouldn't complain. I have wed-fri. off, but still...don't want to be here at all. And I am supposed to go to lunch with my boss today, but going to try my damndest to get out of that one. Just don't want to do it is all. Only want to sit back, accept gifts, and wear my new clothes. That sounds like the perfect birthday plan to me. YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY!

 THE VMA'S! ROCK. Rita and I sat through the entire show, commenting, dissecting, and in some parts...loving! Kelly was able to get out of work a little earlier than was originally expected and came home to join us for the last hour. The man of the evening...JUSTIN TIMBAHLAKE! FUCKING ROCKED! I am telling you...this kid is going to blow up! You thought he was in your face before...just wait until the aftermath of his performance last night. I am proud to say that this 25 year old gay man is in LOVE with Justin. His moves, his voice, his style. He is my man. I am so impressed by him. Best part of the show for me...hands down. Also, Pink pulled off quite a stellar performance last night. Usually she pisses me off, but last night, both Rita and I sat and stared wide eyed with our eyes open. She was pretty great. Specially when she said: "I think I am too drunk to accept this award right now." Um. Eminem...LOVE YOU. Really have been enjoying him. He does seem a bit angry, eh? "I have no problem hitting a girl with glasses..." I do believe he deserved his awards. The guy works hard and his music is real. Very pleased with him last night. Britney Spear's...dressed in her most beautiful "gay man going to a night out at the leather bars" outfit. Goodnight sweet lady. get some rest. Joey Fatone was like seeing a lost cousin of mine. I wonder if Rachel was at home visualizing his dick in her mouth. He is nast. Jimmy Fallon...had great moments and horrible moments. Overall...I didn't like him. I don't want to slam him because he is a sweet little guy that means really well AND there were moments when I genuinely laughed at him. But overall...he was flat. Not enough life to him. Maybe not his scene really. Guns and Roses what??? Nuff said. Avril sucked. No Doubt took home 2 very unexpected awards. Limp Bizkit was amazing! SIKE Great show. Glad I saw it last night so that I don't have to watch it again. Although we all know MTV will have it on repeat until the year 2005. Tonight Rita and I head off to the Pocono's to see our girls. Very very excited about this. I hope it goes smoothly and that everyone gets along like the olden days. Weird to go back in time. Kelly is unable to breathe and has some sort of respiratory problem. She will be going to the doctor today and then heading off to Albany this weekend. I wonder if she will go to the gay bars while she is there. ;) All in all, this weekend should be fun for the three of us. Very much looking forward to having Monday off from work. Plan to sleep as late as humanely possible. What is THAT like? Hope everyone is doing well. Wish I could write in more detail about last night's awards show, but I have to do some actual work. Ugh. Sorry for the bland, no content filled entry. Will be back with my sarcastic self next week. Latas!

 It's the end of the day as I know it....and I - feel - fucking great! YAY! The day is done done done! In fact, the week is done done done. Got to work 4 hours tomorrow and then I am off for a 3 day weekend. Thank the Lord for Labor's Day. Well, and also thank the laborers for whom without, none of this would be possible. VMA's tonight kids! Make sure to catch the one and only Timbahlake! He will steal the show. I just know it! Gonna go home, pour me a glass of wine, do some shit around the house, and then settle in for what I hope is going to be a good show. Jimmy Fallon...good luck my friend. You are hot. You are from my hometown. You best rock out. It's rainy. Everyone go home, pour yourself a beverage of choice, curl up in a blanket, and flip on MTV for the rest of the evening. (I just farted) hope no one catches it. gotta sneak away now. Calmly and casually...

 So last night I had the pleasure of catching up on some Sex and the City . It was excellent. I was very disappointed by the first two episodes this season, but now I feel like they have found their stride once again. Great. Just in time for the last two episodes. And BIGGIE will be back next week! ROCK! I about jizzed when I saw his adorable little face. In the episode I saw last night, Miranda stole the show. Well, Samantha was pretty funny too. Charlotte annoyed and Carrie was so incredibly self-absorbed. I kind of understood her position of feeling as though everything is changing around her, but honestly...she talked about herself the entire time and never gave anyone, including Sanford, a moment to open up to her. Finally he yelled at her and I think maybe she got the hint. What is the deal with her this season? Overall, I loved the episode and I laughed and laughed at certain parts. If you ever happen to miss a week, contact Ari. She relayed one of the scenes to me and she got it almost verbatim. No. She DID get it verbatim. She is great with that stuff. But also...don't let her even start if you want the surprise of the episode. As I just said, this girl can quote an episode of anything...VERBATIM. It's pretty great. I also watched some of the Teen Miss Usa Pagent . Snores. I saw some of Gwenyth on Jules Asshole's Revealed . And I watched American Idol . Best episode thus far. I have to admit...I just adore Kelly Clarkson. She is by far the most talented and will hopefully win this competition. Her voice gives me chills. Last night, I almost lost it when she re-sang "Without You" by Mariah. She sang it on Tuesday night and it was mediocre. Last night was an explosive performance by her. Nikki McKibbin...see ya. Nikki knew she was going and she should have gone! But it was sad to see her go. Simon mentioned to her, right before the announcement of who got cut, that Nikki doesn't deserve to be in the finals. Her face fell and she was totally crushed. He embarrassed her hardcore. Then I felt bad too. But whatever! See you later Stevie Nicks/PINK wannabe. :( Justin Guarini...if his face doesn't crack wide open from his ridiculous smile...I may drive out to Hollywood and smash him in the mouth. He annoys. He so annoys that it drives me CUHRAZY! Alright...time to go take a shit. Then to eat some soup. Then to take a shit again. And hopefully by the end of all that, work will be over. Horribly productive day I got goin!

 The Poll has spoken! Most voted for me to tell a Crazy, but TRUE Story... It was a steaming Thursday evening. I was standing on the underground subway platform at 96th street in NYC. The humidity was forcing the sweat to run down my face, down my back, my legs, etc. Everyone around me was moving very slowly and I could see the haze resting stagnantly in front of my eyes. I slowly turn my head to the left to see if the subway was coming down the track, when I notice a HUGE hornet hovering in the air next to my face. It was moving so slowly and kind of resting in the stale air that was consuming the entire underground area. The hornet startles me cuz it is so close to my face, but then I start to laugh cuz it is moving SO SLOWLY! As I go to turn my head away, this lazy hornet suddenly gets a burst of energy and lands directly on my left eyeball. I IMMEDIATLY FREAK! I grab the bee off my eye and throw it towards the ground, all the while doing a little scardey-cat dance and shaking my body in massive convulsions. People all around me were staring and laughing and I just kept shuddering. Eventually the subway came and I got on it. I stood there, holding the pole, reminiscing about the horrifying experience I just had. I look down at my shoes, pondering the moment, when I realize that the hornet it now sitting on my shirt staring at me with it's beady eyes. Just staring at me! Once again....I flip out, grab it off my shirt and throw it away from me. Who knows where it ended up. As long as it stopped stalking me! ---end scene---

 I think I just came to a very horrifying realization. I think I might be a homo-er-sexual. OH GOD! How will I ever tell my family and friends!?!?!?!?

 OH MY GOD! Please read the article that Penelope sent to me. I just read it and about shit myself! It is very short and very shocking. Why do people do the things they do? Where oh where have my lit-tle arms gone? Oh where oh where can they be? Fucking ripped off your body moron!

 Feeling a little bit better today. My nose isn't as on fire as it has been during the last couple of days. Got a lot of rest last night and Rita made me some soup just like she promised. She served it to me in bed and it was AWESOME! It was lentil, which I never liked in the past, but now am in love with it. I think Rita puts some magical spice in everything she cooks, cuz all the stuff comes out tasting like Wolfgang Puck or some shit. Thanks Reets! You helped me to get a little bit better. So I am supposed to start dog sitting tomorrow night, but it turns out that the dog is menstruating all over the place. "Missy", the dog, is now wearing a diaper and it must be changed before she goes out on her walk. SICK! I don't do that. And I KNOW Kelly don't do that. So I have told the people that she and I will not be dog sitting this weekend. EWE! I can't believe this lady hasn't had her dog spade. I mean...it's bleeding out of it's vergina for god's sakes! And yes...I meant to type "vergina". This weekend, Rita and I head to the Pocono's to have a weekend romp with our lady friends from college. While these 4 girls are Rita and my best friends from way back, it will definitly not be a weekend of total exuberance. Did that make sense? There will be drama. There will be laughs, prolly some tears. It will be overwhelming. That's for sure. I am excited about it. I really am. But I am NOT going swimming. There is a lake and a pool and I have made Rita promise me that she nor I will go swimming. If she decides to break the promise, I have to make out with our friend, Jessica. I think it's a fair deal. I mean, Jessica is one hot piece of ass. (snicker snicker) We have told the girls that we can't stay until Monday, cuz Kelly has her graduation party that day. hahaha. We lie. We just wanted to have one day to sleep! I mean...August has been the absolute craziest month of our lives! Neither she nor I have had a moment's peace. Every weekend has been filled with either visits out of the city or events in the city. It's been great, but a bit much. Just think Reets...next weekend will be free and clear! For the most part. Paul is supposed to come down and visit me and I am very excited to see his little face. As I wrote on Monday, we had an incredible weekend together and it definitly helped to spark the passion between us a bit more. Well, actually, the sex was blah, but the connection we had was great. Long story and way too personal to get into here. Last night I watched American Pop Idol . The show blows. It really does. 2 of the 3 that are left suck my dick. I do enjoy Kelly. I think she is phenomenally talented and definitly has a bright career in front of her. But AMERICAN POP IDOL? I don't think so. I think that maybe we are done with Pop Idols for a little while. Society is moving towards R & B or music with an edge - hence Nicklesnore, Puddle of Snore, and Avril LaSnore. I do enjoy the premise of American Pop Idol . What I don't like are the stupid skits they do, the constant judges bickering, and the annoying children that are screaming the entire time. Does anyone else understand what I am getting at? I don't want to be a negative nancy about all of this...but if Dunkleman doesn't go away forever, I will be forced to remove him myself. I also happened to catch the Diary of the VMA Superstars on MTV. Justin TimbAHlake will be making his first solo performance tomorrow night at the VMA's. GOD! Could this kid GET any more beautiful?!?!?! There is just something about him that makes me wet myself whenever he is on the tube. He is, obviously, attractive, he is smooth, he is cool, and above all else, he is fucking funny and adorable. I just love him. I will immediatly buy his cd, and like the giddy 15 year old girl that I am, I might even buy a poster of him to put above my canopy bed. Ah the dreams I will have... He's the fucking best. Too bad Joey Fatone is busy getting his dick sucked by my friend Rachel. He could have been performing at the VMA's too, but he is too horny for his own good. Way to go Sexaholic! I have a question... Could the 3 gigantic pimples I have on my face go away now? If it's not too much to ask. I weighed myself this weekend while I was in P-town and was shocked to find out that I tip the scales at 180#! FUCK YEAH! I weigh as much as my boyfriend now. WHOOPS! I say to Paul: "Holy shit! I thought I was at like 155#." Paul: "No Joe. You haven't been near that for 3 years!" Thanks Paul. Douche. It's a good thing I have an overly attractive face. ;) but not really ;) I like being bigger, but I would also like to see my abs at some point before I am fitty. And by fitty, I mean 50. Alright...I guess that is it. peace jiggas! If you are bored and want to read about how awful it is to ride the NYC subways, click urlLink here This is another link that Ari sent me, but I haven't even seen what it is yet. I may be taking a risk by just plugging it in here, but I trust her judgement. urlLink WHAT COULD THIS BE? Also...I just started The Lovely Bones by Alice Sebold today. I am only on page 30, but tears have pricked at my eyes twice already. It's a beautiful book. I can just tell. Rita has already read it. I am next and then Kelly. After we have all finished it, we are having a book club meeting to discuss it. How fun, right? Our next book is for Halloween! Does anyone have a SCARY book that they can suggest? It has to be one that none of us have read and with me being the connosiurereoai (that is supposed to be connosewer) of horror books, I need to know of one that may not be that popular. Also...on Halloween night, after we do something incredibly fun of course, Kelly and I are going to show Rita The Rocky Horror Picture Show movie on VH1. She has never seen it! Kelly and I created the tradition of watching it on Halloween last year. How fun, right? Last year, Kelly and I went to the restaurant she was working at at the time (Park Avalon) and got drinks. We also got these little cookies. Do you remember Kel? The one of the pumpkin and the one of the American Flag (post 9/11 cookie). We had a great time and went home, ordered dinner and watched the movie together. Of course singing along the entire time. It was probably one of the best nights Kelly and I had last year. It was seriously fun. So this year...big plans! :-D K...now that is it for real. barp.

 YES! Time to go home! I am immediately putting my nose in a bucket of epson salt or something when I get to my house. It burns like nobody's bihness! Does anyone have a remedy or an idea as to how to soothe my burning nose? I would greatly appreciate any and all help. Rita has offered to make me lentil soup cuz I feel like shit. We are going to get some juice and fresh bread on the way home and then she is going to tuck me into my bed and serve me, slave style. She is a good friend to offer to take care of my grump ass. Well, I am a good friend for eating her out every night before she goes to sleep. And I hate pussy. Whatevs. Either way I get soup.

 What the fuck is wrong with my head? I don't understand it. I must have some sort of serious sinus infection. It has been bothering me all summer and it just won't go away. I am at the point where I am considering lopping off my nose, digging my fingers around in there, and cleaning out all the shit that is driving me to the point of insane. I don't have a badly stuffed up nose. I have this constant tingling and itchiness that makes my eyes water, my nose spray, and my head fuzzy. Can it go away now please? I took some Robitussin this am. Robi-my ass. Tonight there is a free concert downtown. Moby and Our Lady Peace are playing. OUR LADY PEACE!!!!!!!!!! I have yet to see them live and tonight was to be the night. But now I feel like shit and I don't know if I should go. I am off to the Pocono's this weekend to see some friends that I haven't seen in years. Must be in tip top shape for that. So it might be another night laying in bed and wishing I was dead. Drop Dead Fred. Now THAT is classic. Kisses and a tit grab to Phoebe Cates. Let's see... Thanks to those commenting on my site. Looking forward to Thursday when I will be doing an entry based on the verdict of my latest pole. Kind of exciting. So I hear that there is this blog party on September 20th. Does anyone actually go to that? I think it could be kind of cool. As long as I do what Ari says and not tell anyone who I am. YEAH RIGHT! I want them to all know who I am. I am Joe Cut the Shit. LOL. bullshit. Last night I watched a movie called Jakob the Liar starring one Robin Williams. It sucked. honestly, it was shit. I hate saying that about a movie based on one of the most horrible tragedies of our time, but still. Guys, it blew. Usually I like Robin Williams. But in this, he was kinda snores. And the plot line of the movie, while rather cute, was dumb. Watch Bamboozled instead. Now that shit rocked! What else, what else... my nose is burning! I think I will be taking a nap during lunch today. Must kick the shit out of this nose bullshit. Sorry to keep complaining about it, but really, it's not good. If it keeps up, I feel that my nose will rot off my face in urlLink Cryptkeeper Style Check that out! It says "Boils and Ghouls!"

 This is what I want for my birthday. Start saving now. It's quite pricey... urlLink YAYAYAYAYAYAY and yum. I could eat myself!

 YAY to PENELOPE, who is from this point on going by her birth name of Ari. so YAY to ARI! She helped me to put a comment section on my website. Because of her I can hear from all of you. Thank you so much P! You are the best! So Jami...I have done as you have asked...the comment section is on my site. Hopefully you haven't given up on me yet. Everyone have a great night! And leave me a comment! :-D

 Here is the story... Mariah and her best friend Rachel go to see RENT last Wednesday night for Rachel's birthday. As we know, Joey Fatone, of NYSYNC fame, is starring in the show. Rachel and Mariah wait after the show to meet him and to give him some special love. Unfortunatly, they weren't able to meet him at first because there were thousands of little girls screaming and yelling and going crazy. As Joey makes his way to his car, he waves at Mariah and Rachel and drives off. Kind of disappointed, the girls leave the show and go to a club called Suede. While there, Joey Fatone walks in the front door, notices them and comes over to hang out with them for awhile. SERIOUSLY. Joey Fatone, and his semi-annoying entourage, hung with Rachel and Mariah all evening. Then, P-Diddy's mother stopped by for a few drinks and Mariah goes up to her and is like "Girl, you look good!" P-Diddy's mom loved Mariah and talked to her for awhile. Eventually, the club is closing and Joey asks the manager of the club if he can use it for about an hour. The guy says "Sure" and everyone leaves the club. Mariah waits outside while Joey eats Rachel's pussy and in return gets a quick blow. When asked about Joey Fatone's dick, Rachel comments: "Joe...it was a SUPERSTAR penis! It smelled good, tasted good, and looked good!" I barfed, but was also totally excited for her. After this, Joey drops them off at their apartment, promising to call. And he actually does! Joey Fatone calls Rachel on Thursday morning and makes plans to go to lunch with her and Mariah. Of course, the douchebag doesn't pick them up at their apartment, and forces them to trek all the way to this dink pizzaria in the dredges of Brooklyn. Whatever, pizza went well, they had some funny conversations, and Joey LIKE A PERFECT GENTLEMAN FOR ONCE, drops them off at their place. Friday night, he calls Rachel again to hangout. UM! He mentioned something about being at the VMA'S this Thursday. IMAGINE IF RACHEL GOT TO GO!?!?!?! Will definitely keep you all updated. It is very rare that a celebrity, no matter how nasty, hooks up with someone we all know. If you want more stories, or to see pictures of the whole event...talk to Mariah. Ask her about "Doey". She will die laughing.

 Home from the weekend! And of course, back at work. I got in so late last night that I had to crash at Mariah's. It was fun, but so exhausting. I haven't been home since Thursday. It will feel so good to get into my house and collapse on my bed tonight. It's also the only night this week in which I have nothing to do. ARGH! But also good I guess. So the weekend was fantastic. Everything up until Provincetown on Friday was snores, so I will start with that. Paul, Mariah and I got to Cape Cod at about 11:30pm on Friday and immediately drove to P-town for Carnivale! It was wonderful! We had tons of drinks, got to go to a bunch of different bars, met some cool gay people, and did it up! The three of us always have a great time together and it was nice being with them for the night. (everyone else stayed back at the beach house, cuz they were boresville) Provincetown is adorable. I find out that Provincetown is actually quite large, but Provincetown CENTER is where all the gays are. It's a small area, but so fun. And people are just packed in like cattle. I would LOVE to spend a summer there, living the gay life, working, and just hanging out. It was seriously fun. Paul and I were able to hold hands and kiss and walk around all romantic-like with no fear of getting the shit kicked out of us. Friday night ended with the three of us staying up until 5am and partying like the rock stars we are. Saturday morning, Paul and I drove into P-town to go to lunch, sit on the beach, and do some shopping. It was amazing. We got along very well, which was a nice change, ate like a couple of hoss's, and talked talked talked. It was beautiful. Around 5pm, we drove back to the beach house, took quick naps, ate another GIGANTIC dinner, and drank the night away. Mariah's girlfriend "Marisa" had a bunch of friends there, who don't know that she nor Mariah is gay, and that kind of sucked. Whatever, they were bitches and we ignored them the whole time anyway. Paul and I did meet a couple cool people and the people we already knew were fun to be around. But for the most part, he and I had an incredibly romantic weekend together. I loved being with him. LOVED it. We had some amazing talks and I think we are doing better than we ever have. It's weird. He and I go up and down all the time. But after the week I had last week, I needed him to be great this weekend and he was. Sunday, Paul and I drove these mini-motorcycles around Cape Cod and then went out to brunch with Marisa and Mariah. It was great. Marisa decided to drop Mariah and I off at the bus station. While we were at a traffic light, Paul tells me to check his messages. I do and find out that Kelly has had a nightmare of a time taking care of this dog that we are supposed to be sitting for. Turns out she spent most of Saturday night chasing the dog around NYC. The message I heard was "Joe, the dog is gone. Just gone....shumma shumma shum the dog is gone!" WHAT?!?! I freaked out. I mean, how could I not. I immediately called Kelly to find out that the dog was safe and sound in the apartment. I still have yet to talk to her in depth about the whole ordeal, but thank the lord in heaven above that the dog is okay. THANK THE LORD! I have no idea what I would have said to the lady when she got back. Oh boy. God really is looking out for us. Phew. Supposed to dog sit starting on Thursday, but will have to call the other people that are sitting and find out if I should even do that. I was really looking forward to this and I need the money, so hopefully it will all figure itself out. We shall see... I guess that is it for now.... Have a great story about Joey Fatone and my friend Rachel to put in here. But that will have to wait until later. Right now I get to go do some bullshit project in our office library. A NNOY ING Latas.

 Wow. So busy again today! I can't believe how much shit I have done this week. The pads of my fingers are pretty much worked to the bone. If I have to design one more flier at this job, I may shoot myself or a Rabbi. Depends on my mood. We had lasagna today at work that was quite excellent. However, there was no sauce on it. Is it illegal to make lasagna without sauce? I think so. I will ask my Italian grandmother tonight and see what she says. Oh yeah. She is sleeping forever. Maybe I won't be able to ask her. Too bad I ate so much of it that now I feel like I am going to shit out some whole noodles. Eh. Maybe next time I will chew. Whatevs. So I have to go meet the dog lady after work today. I am supposed to potentially dog-sit for her for about a week while she and her husband are in Italy. She seems like a nice lady. A little pathetic, but nice. I think she is one of those people that has pets instead of children. She originally wanted to take the dog with her to Italy, but has since decided that that may be a little ridiculous. I kind of agreed. Plus, I want her money. My boss is trying to fuck me out of having Friday off, but little does he know...I don't give a SHIT what he has to say about it. I will not be coming in on Friday regardless and I just DARE him to fire me. Double dog dare. Will never happen. I got my haircut today and it looks pretty decent. Usually it takes about 30 minutes for the whole process. Today it took 8. I had so much extra time that I got to go to Duane Reade of my love, the bank, AND even had a couple extra minutes to jerk off in the bathroom. SIKE. But not always sike. Ok...adios. Hope everyone is doing well. Penelope got the most beautiful roses today. She is one lucky lady. She was so adorable and red-faced when she came in and saw them. Everyone was like "Oooh" and "Ahhh". They all wanted to know what the deal was. She tried very covertly to tell them who they were from without actually telling them who they are from. I mean really. They were like flies to shit wanting to know the whole story. Even the woman rabbi called her into the office to get the scoop. You know...for a rabbi, that lady is quite the gossip hound. Hmmm....do you make fun of rabbi's repeatedly in your blogger? Yes. Yes you do. Latas.

 What up everyone??!?!?! Sorry for the whole missing in action thing. Got caught up in my weekend and then work has me going non-stop. Its funny that I spent the whole summer doing shit, just to find out that when the students return, I have a real job afterall. The one good thing is that the days go by SO much faster when I actually have shit to do. And boy do I have shit to do. Let's see... Sitting here with my pathetic glass of wine. Rita is out meeting up with an old friend of hers from highschool. They haven't seen eachother in years and she is nervous, excited, etc. about the whole thing. I gave her a good pep talk and sent her on her way. Unfortunately, there hasn't been much going on in my life over the last couple of days. Been kind of down about some shit that happened over the weekend, but I think I may be pulling out of it afterall. Time heals all wounds. As annoying as that saying is...it is very true and I must remember it every time I get stuck in a rut like the one I seem to be stuck in now. whatever. No reason obsessing. It will all just go away eventually. Hopefully. So I got this new obsession going. It's called the New York Public Library. I just got my card about 2 weeks ago...but I can't stop going there like every day. Seriously, it's becoming a problem. If you go to the library on Monday and check out a book, it's a given that you shouldn't need to revisit the library again for at least a couple days or a week, depending on how fast you read the book(s) you have just gotten. But my theory is...if you don't like the book you have just gotten...you go back the next day, turn it in and get something new. It's too much power for a boy like me. I am getting into this habit of reading 50 pages of a book, deciding it's shit and then going back the next day on my lunch break to spend an hour in there finding something different and more exciting. At this rate, I will never actually read a full book. But I will know all the titles of everything out there. Plus they have movies and I can't stop renting those either. Oh man. Someone help me. I am getting a little out of control. This weekend, I went to a couple Albany bars with my friend Mariah and a couple of her friends from home. One of which lives in NYC with her. I love this girl, Rachel, that she lives with....USUALLY. But Friday night, she was the devil and I really hated every second I spent with her. Eventually I ditched them all and did what I wanted to do. Alone. And I was great with it. And to be honest, I wasn't alone. Kelly...I ran into the following people at Oh Bar: Jim Lanahan and Tommy. UM WHAT?!?! Do I run into them in Albany??? Dan Keon. Stupid idiot, wouldn't leave me alone Dan Keon. KEVIN! OKAY! So I run into an ex-boyfriend? He sucked and wouldn't leave me alone either...but I think he eventually got the hint. I mean...someone like me just doesn't spend the night walking around with someone like him. heh heh. Also...I ran into Erin Selkis who is now a WOMAN! Uh what?!?!? I actually said to her: "What's your name...you look so familiar." She goes..."Joe...it's ERIN SELKIS!" After shitting myself from shock...then having to go to the bathroom to clean myself up...I say to her..."What the hell have you been doing all these years?" I don't remember what she said because I was asleep from boredom after the first five minutes. Snore. Rome, the bar, has turned ghetto and everyone in it was out of their fucking minds. I remember when I was at Rome's opening with Kevin, like 4 years ago, and it was so classy and nice. Now...wow. It's become a teenager/drug romp fest. OH! And let all you NYC people know...I ordered 4 drinks for the people I was with...expecting to pay for them all, cuz it was my turn. Guess how much it cost? I thought at least $26 bucks...but NOPE! $13.50. How does anyone ever go poor in Albany?!?! The night was fine. The end. I saw the movie "Signs" with my parents on Sunday and it was not only scary as fuck...it was moving. I found myself laughing, crying, and jumping out of my seat. If you don't see this movie in the theater...then you are missing out on quite an experience. Mel Gibson...can do no wrong. No seriously...no wrong. I don't care if he hates gays. This gay loves him. Certain movies are meant for the big screen. This is one of them. And if you don't like it...it's best to keep your mouth shut...cuz I know theater and I know film and I know what works. This movie is fucking BOMB. The end. Again. Alright...time to go make myself some fucking dinner. This bitch has been burping up hot dogs all day, cuz I made the wonderful mistake of eating 2 of them for lunch today. They were amazing. But now I taste them about every five minutes or so. Jami...you are adorable. Where do you live? Your emails and webpage make me smile. If you are in NYC...HELLS if we aren't getting together for drinks very soon. Adios mi mujeres. Oh! Y muchachos as well. It's hard for me to tell who is reading these dayz. Off to french fry land.

 Hello to Jami! hahahahaha! I have been out of the loop for like 3 days and suddenly I am unknowingly causing tons of confusion and havoc. I wrote to this girl "Jami" about a week ago and then we started conversing through our bloggers. Well, I noticed that she called one of her friends a "fag" and of course, my overly defensive nature jumped out and I commented on her entry. Poor thing doesn't understand that I use MUCH worse terminology in my life, but for some reason, that day I was in the mood to tell a "non-fag" that they weren't allowed to use it. (Roll your eyes at me...cuz I deserve it) In any case, it's all worked out, I think. She has commented on my site a lot in her blogger and now she has totally peaked my interest. Here is her page: urlLink Jami I get out of work in 10 minutes so I gotta go pack my shit up so as not to be caught in this hell hole for a minute longer than I have to. Will try to write something tonight when I get home. But in order to do that, I must have a glass of wine and/or a beer in my hand. Also, a pack of smokes would be nice. mmmmm....smokes. PEAYCE!

 I am home. I am home. I am home! And it feels fucking good. For those of you who don't know, I originally hail from Albany, NY. I try to get home every month and a half or so to get a taste of where I come from. My parents are close to being my best friends and with my brother being in Germany due to the ARMY, it is sort of my duty to the good son and come home as much as possible. I shouldn't say it's a duty. That is about the farthest thing from the truth. I love being home. I love being with my family. And I LOVE the no-anxiety/stress free Joe that comes out when I am here. Unfortunatly, due to the last minute plans, my parents won't be home until tomorrow morning. They are away and it sucks not having them here. For somebody that is an INFJ, I sure have a lot of trouble getting my energy from being alone these days. Something to think about... I took the train home with Mariah and Rachel. We were able to ride for free because Mariah's father called in a favor with one of the guys that takes your tickets once you are on the train. When I asked Mariah what the favor was, she said "I have learned not to ask my dad such things". I laughed. But then I was scared. The ride home was fast. The girls were in so-so moods, which was perfect considering that I spent the first 15 minutes trying to fake the best mood ever. Once I realized that there was no need for that, I just settled in for an easy and smooth ride. Momma C (Mariah's motha) picked us up at the train station and so far, that has been the best moment of the entire trip. I just adore Mariah's mom and she just adores me. So there were lots of hugs, lots of kisses, and lots of talk about the impending theater career I got goin. They dropped me off at my house and I walked in the door to find my dog, Bizmark, so excited to see me that his dick was in boner form until just about 10 minutes ago. Sick. But true. He won't leave me alone. Which is nice, considering that I adore this dog with my every being. He follows me everywhere. I went to take a shit and he sobbed outside of the bathroom door until I let him in. Hey, if the smell doesn't bother him, why not come in and sit at my feet while I squeeze out a few of the Cosby's. I am doing my laundry, which is free and convenient...a luxury only available in Albany. I took a shower and now a I sit in my towel, waiting for my clothes to dry. All the while, sipping a glass of wine and smoking a cigarette or 7. You see, in Albany, people don't hate smokers the way they do in NYC. Who would have known that Albany has more class than the big apple? I talked with Paul for awhile. I informed him that if I happen to meet someone out tonight that I find attractive, I will definitly be pursuing a hook up. He swallowed it with grace, slight bitching, but overall love for me. He is a good boy. He deals with my bullshit the best way he can. And in all honesty, am I REALLY going to hook up with someone tonight? Never. But I want to be as honest with him about this whole thing as I possibly can. Starting with preparing him for the worst. He talks about moving to NYC every five minutes now. It's funny to hear him talk so highly of the city now, after he only had negative jargon to spew about it for the last year and a half. But that is because he hated the fact that I was there without him. Now that he knows we will be together at last, he just loves it! What a ridiculous monster. So it seems to me that I must definitly add the comment section thing to my webpage. The poll has come to show that all those that read this have made my decision with a resounding YES! So, first thing Monday morning, I will have it on my page. Thank you to my dear friend Jami, who convinced me of such a thing. This girl intrigues me. She wrote an entry the other day, that included the word "fag" and I just felt compelled to comment on the entry, letting her know that I was uncomfortable with her use of it. In no way should she change for me. It just surprised me that people are still using that word in the conotation that she used it in. I hope that what I wrote didn't offend her and scare her off. A word is a word is a word. Especially when it is someone I don't know. Unfortunatly, I happen to be a "fag", so it just zinged me when I read what she wrote. Jami...if you are reading this...sorry if I made you feel bad. ;) Rita is in Syracuse. I will be calling her in a bit to make sure that she is ok. She is there to comfort some friends of ours that lost their grandmothers last week. :( She is a stronger girl than me. And I consider myself to be a VERY strong girl. Kelly has the house to herself this weekend. She said something this morning that shocked me and filled me with absolute respect. Usually, she HATES it when we both leave. Cuz Kelly is an "E", not an "I" and she gets her strength from those that she surrounds herself with. For those of you that don't understand the whole ENFJ/INFP shit, I will put a link on my site so that you can take the test and see what you are. It's a famous and historical psychological test that will give you some insight into who you really are. Quite like the mini-tests that you can take and post into your webpage. You know, like "What Kelly Osbourne hairstyle are you?" or "What flavor of cake represents your sex drive?" OK. That was a joke. PLEASE understand that that was a joke. So anyway, what I was saying is that Kelly told me this morning that she is actually looking forward to having the house to herself this weekend. Hearing these words out of her mouth was shocking. But it was also good and made me feel a little bit less guilty for her having to stay there alone, while I go back to our hometown. It would be great to have her here, but it is even better to know that she is going to use these next couple of days to do what she wants to do. We ALL need that once in awhile. So Kelly...ROCK. Do it up. Relax, walk around naked, get some strength back after your long ass week. Oh, and clean the bathroom. SIKE! I still don't understand why God didn't give us three arms. It is SO hard to type and smoke a cigarette at the same time. Fuck you Bloomberg. No really. Fuck you. Let's see... one more random story. Last night I am watching my tv and it is like 12:30am. I don't remember what was on and it is unimportant. Actually, maybe it was important. So I will just say that I was watching Dawsons Creek . YEAH FUCKING RIGHT. Like even in stories I would say that I was watching Dawson's Creek . James Van der Beek is NEVER allowed on my television. Unless it is Varsity Blues . Cuz he was pretty hot in that. In any case, I was watching The West Wing and suddenly out of nowhere, a little "n" appeared in the middle of the screen. But it wasn't any old "n". It was a spanish "n" with the little atilda (~) over it. Just like in the Spanish language. It sat there like this: n but remember, it had this: "~" on top of it. It sat there in the middle of the screen for about 2 minutes and then it just went away. I died laughing. Then I stopped laughing and realized that my tv is slowly breaking. Great. Fuck you Spanish. Alright...that is about it for tonight. Time to get dressed and hit up the lame ass gay bars in Albany. Is it wrong that I am kind of excited? And don't worry Kelly, I will definitly get a slice from Romeo's in your honor. Bye all. Enjoy your weekends.

 Just got my second wind. WOO HAH!

 Just a quick update on Paul... We had an incredible talk last night. I was open, he was open. I got a lot of shit off my chest and he listened and responded with a sense of understanding so uncharacteristic of him. I was a little shocked. I told him of my desires to pursue other sexual conquests. I told him about my fear of his moving to NYC. I told him that I don't know how I feel right now, etc. He swallowed all of it with ease and came back with some incredibly insightful comments. He is planning on moving here on December 1st. With or without a job. As he says it: "It's time and all I want is to be there with you. No matter if I can see you every day, or once a week. Just being in the same city with you will make me happier than I have ever been." Wow. And holy shit.

 OOF DAH. What a day. I had a feeling that today was going to be shit from the minute I walked in to work. I was a little wrong...cuz it isn't total shit. Just exhausting, never-ending, mundane boredom has filled my inner being. That's all. Other than that...things are grrrrrrrrreat! I must say...Mayor Asshole Bloomberg has stepped over the line now. Like he hadn't up until this point. urlLink Penelope said it best in her entry today, so for full description, go visit her and see what she had to say. Not only has Michael raised the cost of packs of cigarettes $2.50, he is now trying to limit smoking, in general, to either dumpsters, or in your house with all of the windows closed. Today I wake up to find out that Bloomberg is also trying to pass a law forbidding cell phone usage while one is walking on the streets of Manhattan. Meaning...you can not walk up the street while talking on your cellie. No really. What I said is no fabrication. It is the truth. Penelope had a good point. If you can't use your cell phone while you are driving and you can't use it while you are walking, where can you use it? In your house, next to your home phone? That sounds brilliant! Gosh. What is this city turning into? Land of the free, home of the snarf. Pretty soon, we will all have microchips inserted into our brain so that the government can monitor our every movement. Hmmm.... HMMMMMMM... Hm.

 On the poll, the last choice is: "The creativity on this site has gone SERVERELY downhill." I ain't fixing it. serverely is EXACTLY what I meant.

 I just received my site meter report and folks...BIG NEWS! I have broken the 3,000 mark for number of visits. Page views...hey that's in the billions. SIKE! But page views don't count anyway. Aren't you proud of me? SNORES. If anyone is ACTUALLY proud of me...then I think we have to re-evaluate our friendship. I think I could have a new reader named Jami. I read her blogger the other day and she had the funniest story in it. In fact, at the end of her entry, she wrote: "I am so glad that only my friends read this, because this is pretty embarrassing." Of course, I then write her a little note in her comment section that I thought her story was genius and that I went through the same thing she did. She wrote me a nice little email today saying that I should put comments on my page. Should I? I have been fighting against it this whole time, but maybe I should do it. What the hell right? Answer the poll and let me know y'all!

 and on fourth thought, maybe I really am gay afterall.

 on third thought, maybe that's the vomit I had for lunch.

 on second thought, maybe that's the cigarettes.

 wow. these fat burners make my mouth taste like vomit.

 I just about love the New York Public Library. Not only have I proven my addiction by going just about every day, I have a routine. I take out two movies a week and have to have them back within 7 days. I can watch them at my leisure and the best part about all of it is that it is free! I CAN'T BELIEVE IT! Why don't more people use the library? Not only is it convenient, it hasn't cost me a dime yet! Books and movies and it's all fucking free! :-D Also, you can reserve your books online so you never have to actually thumb through each book trying to find the one you want. You get an email telling you when the book you want is in. I wanted to reserve The Lovely Bones by Alice Sebold, but there are 910 people waiting for it before me. Maybe I will just borrow it from Penelope or Rita. :) I borrowed a book yesterday called Bitten and it is by one, Kelley Armstrong. The dedication in the book says: "To Jeff - for believing that I could." Now, although my name is Joe, I still thought that this was pretty cool. Cuz I know a Jeff and he is so fucking amazing. SNARF! The book is about a female werewolf. But seriously...it's really good. As I said to Rita yesterday, this woman, her name is Elena, is trying so desperatly hard to live a normal human life, but it is so impossible when she is just so hungry all the time. She bench presses like 500# and she is the best! Why won't everyone just let Elena be a strong and hungry girl? No, but really...the book is jood. Very realistic so far. And kind of erotic. In fact, I might need to go in the bathroom right now and beat off to the idea that I am a female manbeast that needs to eat everything I can get my hairy paws on. HOW HOT IS THAT!?!?!

 Hello friends. Pretty tired today. It is Wednesday afterall, so I guess that should be expected. Have had two very productive evenings as of late. I have done my theater resume and cover letter to just about the best of my ability. Spent two evenings completely focused on it and hopefully they will both be well received by my future potential agents. (insert a fingerscrossed symbol here) Tonight I have to make up the phone calls that I have let completely slide over the last week. I have to talk to my parents because they have been begging me to hear all about the vacation. I am going to see them Saturday, so maybe I can just talk to them about it then. I have to talk to Mariah because we have been playing phone tag like nobody's business. I call, she calls, I call, she calls...no words have been exchanged in person in over a week. I HAVE TO HAVE TO talk to Paul tonight. We spoke for a few minutes last night, played another round of the infamous phone tag and never actually connected. So tonight, I have to sit with him and discuss the impending future. Is he or is he not moving here? How is he doing with his life in Boston? So many questions to ask and answer. Also, next weekend, I am going to Boston because he is taking off Friday and Saturday from work so that we can go to Provincetown with Marisa and Mariah. Kind of like a double date weekend trip thing. I guess there is some sort of party going on and we are staying at some beach house. I really don't know too much about it, but it does sound like fun. And it has been ages since I have been to P-town. It feels so good to be in a town filled with gays. No worries. And it actually feels like being gay is normal. I have been thinking lately that when I get older I am going to move to an all gay area, such as Provincetown, Fire Island, or San Francisco. I never thought that I would ever want to do something like that, but as I get older, I get less excited about living with my family in a city in which very few people understand. Although NYC is a very open-minded city, having kids go to school and tell their friends that they have two daddies does not go over very well. I am sure it happens in SF all the time. It's just something that I am going to want to pursue eventually. At least do some research. I don't want my children to have no straight influence and I definitly don't want them to be clueless as to the way the world really works, but I want them and myself to feel safe and to feel normal. Especially in the formative years. I don't know. Just a thought. Time to go take my fat burner. Hey, that's what they do in San Francisco.

 If you have read this far... go to my guestbook and write the number 7277 in the message box. It's a test. Will you pass? you have until Monday, August 19th.

 I am sitting here right now, supposedly working on my theater resume and cover letter, but I got bored. Kelly and Rita are watching an Oscar nominated movie called Amelie . IN FACT! They just yelled at me saying the following: "VIVA LA FRANCE! YOU MAKING ME MISS THIS MOVIE!" Ok, Rita said that. Not Kelly. But Kelly loved that Rita said it...I just know it! (picture me with a "curses" face on) I just can't stop interrupting. They are watching a good movie and I want to watch a good movie. But work comes before play, AND the movie is in English subtitles, so I sit here and putter away until I go to bed. Which is soon, cuz Paul and I have to talk tonight. Things are getting a lit-tle out of hand at this point. He is obsessed. He thinks I am going to break up with him, so suddenly he is calling all the time. And when I say all the time, I mean, he called tonight at 5:50pm to "make sure that I got home alright." Um. It's weird to me and actually, this time it's not working. My brain is in overdrive and I can't sort shit out. I feel confused. I NEVER feel confused. I am a man of action. I always have a plan. I even schedule every moment of my evenings, minute by minute. Ask Rita. So I don't know what I think right now. What I do know is that: 1) I need to hook up with some big men and soon. Did I say fucking soon? cuz I mean like now. While you are reading this. 2) I am really going to jump into this acting thing, and although Paul supports it now, I know for a fact that he won't support it when it takes off. He is a jealous person by heart and it does factor into our relationship. Quite often. I won't have time and he won't accept that. No matter he says, he will hate me if we break up after he moves to NYC. And now?...of ALL things...he is moving here for him! He wants to live here. But NO he doesn't. I can say "Don't move here." and he still will. I convinced him to convince himself, or will this work, or will, SDKFHJO:ISDIHJFLEIJFS ---------it's driving me fucking mad. Shit. I wanted him here so bad for so long and now it's the reality. I am still in love with him. I feel it. But I also feel extreme doubt. Which, to be honest, I go through alot. About every 6 months. We just got back together in December. So this would be our 8th month that I got a little itchy. Commitment and me = garbage. I gotta figure out a way to get through this. I am no where near the place right now in which I would want to break up with him. It's just all becoming so real, so fast. Wow everyone. I really do have a boyfriend. Look he lives in the same city that I do! uh.... what? So much is changing. SO MUCH IS CHANGING! Sometimes I wish I was one of those lucky, ply-wood personality people (stacey), that just went through their life like it was smooth and easy. Then I wouldn't know that my life is changing. I analyze too much. My brain, as is yours if you are reading this, is fucked up. Too much. Always too much! So I need to relax. I need to write in this journal for therapy (thus having the luxury to explain myself to all of my friends without really saying it...), pray more, and let it go. It all happens the same way anyhow. Craziness. Goodnight. I am worn the fuck out.

 Still haven't talked to Paul. It has been over a week since we have had a real conversation. Oh great...

 I have a lot to write about today. I may have to do it in installments. But here are the headlines of the topics that will be addressed: Britney Spears and the VMA's Road Rules Campus Crawl Smoking Ban in NYC My Theater Resume I was actually laying in bed last night, doing my best to try to remember each one of these topics so that I could write about them today. In fact, when I woke up, I immediatly ran the list in my head again. Now I am here and I actually remember. First... Britney Spears and the VMA's: After seeing (once again) the preview for the upcoming Video Music Awards (August 29th), I noticed two things. One is that Jimmy Falon is just about the funniest and most adorable thing to come out of Albany since me. Second is that Britney Spears will only be making an "appearance" at the show. She will not be performing. At least, that's what I picked up from seeing the preview. Kelly and I were discussing the Britney Spear's/VMA situation the other day and she said that she thought it was good that Brit was out of the scene for awhile. Of course, we all whole-heartedly agree. However, I have to say that it would be in her best interest to take a break AFTER doing a knock-out performance at the awards show. She owes it to them and she owes it to herself. It wasn't too long ago, that her pseudo-strip tease caught national attention thus propelling her career into this mega-star phemomena. Where are her publicity reps? Where are the people that are supposed to be planning her career out for her? Yes, Britney needs a break. But she should perform at the VMA's first. If I was her marketing/publicity rep., this is how I would have this all go down. Britney performs in some sort of knock-out outfit. Having worked out for months to prepare, her body would be in the best shape it has ever been in. There is a big crescendo and then an explosion. Brit appears in the middle of the stage surrounded by her dancers. She wouldn't be performing her latest top 10 (Boys). She would be doing a mix of all of her top 10's, beginning with Baby One More Time. She would do about 30 seconds of each song. The songs should be somewhere along the lines of: One More Time , Sometimes I Run , Crazy , Lucky , Oops I Did it Again , Not Yet a Woman , I'm a Slave , Overprotected , and Boys . (Did I really just list all those songs off the top of my head. Oops. I did it again.) During the montage of these songs, Britney would perform like mad, including a dance step from each hit. There would be lights, pyrotechnics, and at least 3 costume changes. Her dancers would be sweating their balls off trying to keep the whole thing flying. All of this would take place in under 6 minutes. At the very end of her performance, I say that the lights cut out except for the lone spotlight on Britney. There is a loud crash and she says in her sexiest voice, "I'll be back" or some shit. The light then cuts out and Britney is gone. She has left the stage and she has left the VMA's. She doesn't do interviews, she doesn't do anything. She leaves the entertainment scene for 6 months or a year, or whatever she needs. BUT WOULDN'T THAT BE GREAT?!?! Slamming performance and then Britney just disappears. But what will really happen is that Brit will not perform, she will present an award, snore us to death, and then do a thousand interviews before slipping into the crack of embarrassment with Tiffany, Debbie Gibson, and the Backstreet Boys. Hmph. Road Rules: Campus Crawl I don't have too much to say about this show, except for the fact that if you aren't watching it, you are missing something wholesome and sweet. It is the very FIRST season I have ever seen of any MTV reality show in which all of the people co-exist in a space the size of a peanut and still get along as though they are all the most kind and gentle people on the planet. Seriously. The season is at least half over at this point and last night's episode made me cry. It really did. This group has come so far. The 6 of them take care of eachother, are honest with eachother, and really do work together as a team on every mission. 5 of the 6 of them are athletes, leaving out Sarah, who, as she says, just likes to "sit around and hang out." Yet, when Sarah causes them to fail most of the missions, they swallow it, help her along and just move forward. It's really quite beautiful. BUT THE CLINCHER IS... The Road Rulers have been told from the beginning, that if they lose more than 2 challenges, they have to either: a) Give up all the prizes up to that point or b) Vote off the weakest member of the team. Within the first 3 episodes, the team lost two challenges and the decision was easy. Give up the prizes. They had only earned motor scooters by that point. But now...7 weeks into the game, they have made tons of money, won tons of prizes, gift certificates, etc. And then last night, they go and lose another challenge. Decision time. Lose all prizes or vote off Sarah. But there is another clincher...and I don't know WHY MTV is doing this... If they decide to lose all their prizes and NOT pick someone to vote off...a RANDOM cast member will be voted off. UM! Yeah, that's totally fair. They all sit down together to fully discuss what is going to happen. The boys vote to eliminate someone and to keep the prizes. The girls vote to lose the prizes and leave everyone on equal playing ground. Who ever gets the boot, gets the boot. There are hard feelings and everyone is upset. Joe crys at this part. Next week though...the answer will be revealed. Who is going home? None of this is probably intersting to you. But it should be. It's nice to sit and watch a half hour show that makes you feel better about humanity. And who can possibly sit in front of this show and NOT fall completely in love with Road Ruler ERIC! Not only is he totally adorable, he has a heart of gold. He is open minded and he is wonderful. I want to marry a man just like Eric. That looks like him, acts like him, and well, IS him. Watch this show...you don't know what you are missing. Smoking Ban in NYC I think Penelope wrote about this in her blogger at one point, or she and I talked about this... but either way... I hear on the radio this morning that Bloomberg is going full force with this ELIMINATE SMOKING campaign. As we all know, a pack of smokes costs $7 now. (You can find them at Duane Reade for much cheaper, but don't let the word get out...) On top of this, by the end of the year, there will be no smoking in the following places in NYC: Bars Restaurants Beaches Parks CAN YOU BELIEVE IT??? Not only has he raised the prices, he is eliminating every area in which smokers can go. It's pretty unbelievable. In a way I am happy. It will definitly get me to quit. But I have to be honest and say that it is completly unfair. I think it may even be against the constitution. It has been linked to Prohibition and that may be correct. Z100 made a good point today when they said that you can sit in Columbus Circle and have a cigarette, but don't you dare walk into the park with it. Cuz if you do...fines up the ass! Wow. Time to quit everyone. Lastly... My Theater Resume Is so amateur and shitty, I will never make it in this business. The end.

 For the first time since I have been back from vacation, I am actually bored. I have been working my ass off at this job for nearly a week straight and haven't had a free second to do anything fun. But today...that all changed. I finally caught up. So now I am looking for things to do, websites to read, games to play... I decided to go back on these diet pills I have. They aren't really diet pills exactly. More like metabolism increasers. I bought them last year, had a rough bout with them and gave them up. Okay, I only used them for two days. But I spent good money on them and I do believe they will work. And don't give me any of that..."Don't do it Joe. It's unhealthy to use these type of pills..." Cuz I am using them. The end. I have yet to be hungry today, which is a good thing. After eating a HUGE lunch at the Neptune yesterday, I proceeded to eat a full sandwich 3 hours later, a gigantor bowl of pasta two hours after that, and I capped off this glutton filled day with about a half bag of candy. Man, it felt good to be alive. And it felt good to have a shit load the size of Kansas this morning. :-D Sending out sympathy cards for the two girls who lost their grandmas over the last week. It's so hard to write anything substantial in cards like that. I mean, I am usually good with words in cards, but with these... It brings back too many memories. Memories which I am still not ready to confront head-on. Tonight and tomorrow night will be filled with the tons of shit I need to do. Time to update my acting resume, write a slammin cover letter, and then get some pictures out to as many people as I can possibly think of. Wow. Should probably start memorizing some monologues too. I got a couple still floating around in this head of mine. But none that are ready to be presented. One night before I left for vacation, Mariah and I were sitting on her roof drinking wine and she asked me to do something for her. Give her any sort of acting presentation that I could. So, I gave her a short, and totally random few lines from One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest . Although it was nowhere near the caliber of what I have to offer as an actor, it felt good to get that rush again. I love the look of incredulity on people's faces when they realize that "Shit, he really can act. He's not just pretending." Very few of the people that are involved in my inner circle right now have not seen me do anything, so it will be quite a shock for them when they realize who the real Joe Cuttheshit is. I am telling you...it's not the guy in this journal, that's fo sho. My mom has been offered this new job making 100K. She is not sure if she is going to take it yet, but if she does, she and my dad will move to (the very bottom) of upper class. At least, as far as I am concerned. Not that that is a huge deal, but for a family that started out great, fell into bankruptcy, and had to work their way back from nothing...this is surely a big deal to all of us. I am incredibly proud of her. And it has the potential at being a job that she would totally love. Not that she doesn't totally love the job she has now. Some good things going on, I guess. My brother is out in the field for two weeks, so won't be able to converse with him in any way, but email during that time. That sucks. Never want to talk to him when he's here, but you make it impossible for me to talk to him, and I about die inside. Finally...work is over in about 40 minutes. Gonna go do something relaxing for that time. I gots work to do when I get home. Paul has called three times today and I have ignored every call, letting the phone mail take it. Just can't do it right now.

 One more thing...just in case you haven't heard. Yesterday, Jason Priestley (Brandon of 90210 fame) was in a horrible race car accident going about 180mph. He fractured his spine, broke bones in both feet, and had internal bleeding in his skull. As of this morning, the doctor's were saying no paralysis, but it is too soon to be completely sure. WOW, right? I bet Brenda had something to do with this...

 So I have been back from vacation for over a week now and have yet to stop running myself into the ground. Last week, although it went by faster then I could blink, was full of fun, craziness, excessive drama, and death. Saturday was Kelly's graduation party and it was a rising success. So many people, so many stories, and smiling like I haven't seen in ages. It was a wonderful experience from beginning to end. Because of all of these celebrations, Angie has been around a lot more. Once I hung out with her for more than 3 hours at a time, I realized how much she has really changed in the last year. Some for the good, some for the not so good. As far as our friendship is concerned, things are smooth. I find her to be hysterical and a little outrageous. There were some things that came out of her mouth that made me cringe. Such as the use of the word "fag", calling Kristin and I the "Anti-Christ", etc. But overall...I think I have figured out that if you take Angie with a grain of salt, her presence is an overall pleasure. Got to spend a lot of time with Kelly and Rita as well and that is ALWAYS a pleasure. So both Erica and Nina had their grandmothers die within a week of eachother. I don't have much more to say about that, except for...ugh. This has got to be so hard for them. Penelope is out on vacation and hopefully enjoying herself. Doesn't look like she nor I will be taking many more days off in the future as summer is coming to a close. Paul is being sweet and adorable and I have been ignoring him since the minute he left here to go back to Boston last weekend. I don't not like him anymore or anything. It's not like I am out of love. Just really dealing with some issues inside of my head and talking to him usually doesn't make it much better. So, no phone calls. Mariah has a job. CONGRATS to her. It's a part time nanny job, but it's for like the CEO of Time Warner or some shit...so I am sure the money is good. Even if the people aren't. ;) What else...going home this weekend. Going to see my parents on Saturday. That rocks out just a bit. Mariah will actually be going home with me, so it will be cool to go out to some Albany gay bars with her on Friday night. Have so much to do this week. SO MUCH. I have to stop putting shit off. Woke up with a panicky/stressed feeling this morning. I am getting right off of this thing to make my to-do list up. Edward called last week. Or maybe even two weeks ago. Who knows anymore. Don't know what to do with that phone call either. Are he and I still in contact? I don't know. Movies that must be seen by all: Bamboozled by Spike Lee. FUCKING WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE. I hope. If it doesn't, then maybe you need to re-evaluate this "open mind" thing you got goin. Lord of the Rings. Fucking great! Lots of action and totally well acted. I am now excited for the next installment to come out. Eh...looking forward to little things is pretty great. I guess that's it. Feeling that this journal is coming to a halt again. But refuse to give it up until I have something really worthwhile holding me back from it. So far...nothing is. Please God let that change. PLEASE.

 HOLY SHIT...back from vacation. I never thought this day would actually come. I thought that my vacation would last for years and it is slowly hitting me that it's over. All of the planning and energy that went into it and now...now...nothing. Just memories and tan bodies. It was quite the experience. I will write more about it later when I have organized my thoughts a bit better. Right now I am just frustrated that it's over and that my life is still stagnant here in NYC. But oh well. It's time for lunch and things always seem brighter after a smoke.

 Been a pretty decent Monday so far. Usually I wake up with dread that courses through my gay veins, but today is turning out to be harmless. Actually, I did get to waste some time exchanging immature jabs with two fucking losers through blogworld. It was pretty fucking funny and I have gone back to the site like 5 times to read what they wrote back to me. It is damn hilarious. Especially if you could see one of these guys in person. He is the epitome of what you would expect from an online journaler. He's hideous, in every possible way. It's so unfortunate for him that he is still walking this planet, but it does give all the rest of us something to laugh about! Here is his link... urlLink Doug the fuck Enjoy! Don't bother reading his site. It is the most incredibly boring thing your eyes will ever have to experience. If you want...say something mean to him. He and his dork friend are pretty hilarious when they get insults shoved into their vaginas. urlLink Doug's equally hideous friend GO TO THEIR SITES AND MAKE FUN OF THEM! They love it! In other news, this weekend was pretty much blah. I did hook up with an old friend of mine and we had a blast on Saturday night. What time did I get to bed? Oh yeah. 6am! Dayim! Spent most of the day lounging around and watching movies yesterday. It was the fucking best. I took like 3 naps and ate everything that sat still for more than 5 minutes. At one point Rita was sleeping on the chair. She didn't move for awhile, so I thought it only polite to take a bite out of one of her boobs. It was tasty. And I don't like boobs even! It is almost time for lunch! Going to the West End today. Probably going to eat buffalo wings and french fries and drink 5 glasses of wine! Sounds like the perfect way to spend a lunch break. Dont ya think? ooh...there's Ari. Time to head out. Will do my best to stop by here later!

 Still haven't pissed. But I did shit my pants, so that makes up for it. GOD! NO MORE SHIT TALK OUT OF THIS BOY, I PROMISE!

 Gotta piss gotta piss gotta piss.... Promised myself that I would write in here before I run to the bathroom. Why, you might ask? Because I am trying to discipline myself. Whatever. I am lazy as fuck. Today has been a pretty awful day. Work is dragging, I have been a bit stressed out, and I am fiending for a cigarette. It is rainy outside, and while I usually love days like that, I hate it today. It's bringing me down more. Once work is over for the day, I am hoping that beer will make me smile. It usually does. :) I don't have much to write about today, but I definitly wanted to stop in and say hello. Kelly works all weekend. Rita is going away on a wonderful trip to PA with her boyfriend. I am really excited for her. These kind of getaways are what I live for and Rita doesn't do them nearly enough. She has got quite the self-restraint. Paul is sick again. Remember how he was in the hospital awhile back? Well, turns out...the surgery didn't go well...like we didn't know that from before. He may have to go back in for another surgery. I am going to die if he does. I surely can't take more time off from work to go be with him and it is going to break my heart to think that he is going to have to go through this all again by himself. Damn. He went to Beth Israel for the surgery last time. They are like the best in Boston. What's the fucking deal? Spent alot of today talking to my friend Ian at work. He is a really great guy. Every time he makes plans with Rita and I for dinner or drinks, I accept and then cancel with him the day before. I suck like that. I am going to have to make plans with him for real this time and no matter what...keep them. Sometimes I can be a douche. Lots of time I eat a douche. My boss is standing directly behind me as I write this. Fuck you boss. What else... hmmmmmmmmmm.......... Today I had chicken fingers for lunch and had to run back to work to go to the bathroom. No joke...WHOLE pieces of the chicken fingers came out in the bowl. Seriously, is there an open passage way from my mouth to my ass? Why does food go right in, not digest, and then come flying out in such a spastic manner? Why do I always find myself talking about shit on this thing? I hate poop and yet I act like that's all I am good at. Enough. I got this zit on my lip this week...I decided not to pop it, hoping that it would just sink back into my face. It didn't. In fact, it became so painful that I had to squeeze it last night. EXCRUCIATING is the only word I can think of to describe it. But it is finally on it's way back to hell where it came from. Damn you acne. DAMN EWE! Been chewing the same piece of whitening gum for about 2 and a half hours. My teeth have bleached right off at this point. Okay...guess that's it. Need to go piss before I puke. latas...

 Just had the weirdest conversation with this girl. It was about the band Guster and every time I tried to explain myself to her, she just kept looking at me as though I was a lunatic. It was so intensly horrifying that at one point, I looked down and noticed that I was pinching my dick in my fingers. I was PINCHING my DICK in my fingers! I was that uncomfortable! I hope she didn't notice. In any case...I heard this amazing rumor that the fifth floor of our building contains slices of pizza free for the taking. I will immediately be going up there, eating what I can and stuffing the rest into my pockets for later. So just now, this old Orthodox Jewish man walks in and asks to talk to the head rabbi. I knock on the rabbi's door to see if he is in a meeting. He is in fact in a meeting with a student. A private meeting. I turn to tell the asshole that he can't come in right now and this little shit shoves me aside with one hand and continues to barrel into the office. I look at the head Rabbi and make a smarmy "fuck you" face at the guy and then proceed back to my desk. I just love rude buttholes. That dick just walked over and goes: "WHERE DO I GET WATER?" Instead of pointing out the very clearly marked Poland Spring Water cooler in front of his face, I sent him to the bathrooms on the 2nd floor. He is old and an asshole and I just sent him to get toilet water. That will teach you to be so fucking inconsiderate my douchebag friend. I am using a new gel. I opened up the bottle this morning and used my usual amount. What I didn't count on was the fact that this gel is similar to cement and when dry...feels like I have a spikey helmet on. I keep playing with it and I am so afraid that it is going to rub out without me realizing it and turn the top of my head into Old Smokey. Memble Old Smokey? Memble how a meatball rolled down Old Smokey once? If you have no idea what I am talking about, just continue on... If you do know what I am talking about, take a pause to laugh a little. Have to admit...Las Vegas Real World last night was MUCH MUCH better. The people have started to "let go" a bit and not act like such fucks. I mean that literally. They are fucks cuz all they do is fucks. Fucksing annoy me. Last night was decent. Then I watched the Making of the Video with Kelly Clarkson. SNANORE! Nuff said. She's a tad ugly that one. I don't know. Something's up with her face. OK! BIG NEWS! (ooh...hot Jewish boy just walked by)(not the big news, although it should be considering that I work in a place for the ugly) So the big news is two-fold. First the biggest part... Last night Mariah and her roommate Rachel went to this club called Suede because Joey Fatone was going to be there doing a special Joey Fatone type show. Whatever, he is such a fuck. Anyway...if you recall...Mariah's friend Rachel sucked Joey's dick about a hundred times during that evening and the following day. He also ate her out. She also had a yeast infection when he did it. Fucking nast. But whatever...when you're hungry, you're hungry. So, Mariah and Rachel go to Suede last night to see him perform in his show. He recognizes the two of them immediatly and spends a great portion of the night hanging with them. According to Mariah, he is really smitten with Rachel. Twatever. But the BIG NEWS is that Justin "The Fucking Man" Timberlake shows up at the club and Mariah MEETS him and then he KISSES her on the right cheek and then he hangs with her for awhile. UMMMMMMMMMMMMM! UMMMMMMMMMMMM! hey... UMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM! Fucking amazing! And why the FUCK didn't I go with them?!?!?!?!?!?! Argh! I have yet to speak to Mariah in person about all of this. She left these details on our answering machine this morning. I just left her a message telling her to call my sorry ass back asap. So yeah. Second big news is that she is having a show on October 26th at a bar downtown. The cost at the door is $15 and we are ALL going to support her, k? The place holds 100 people and I plan to do whatever I can to fill the place. Wanna go? If you are reading this now, you are more than invited. I will contact the rest of you via email. How fun, right? She will be doing 6 songs. I was going to guestspot on one of them, but I think it depends on whether or not I want to preview my new album or whatever. Eh...we'll see... Man. I REALLY hope these erotic feelings for Eli go away soon. No joke...he is limping cuz he twisted his ankle and he also has a stye on his eye that is the size of Vesuvius and I STILL want him to come sit at my desk and give me kisses and hugs. I don't think I want his dick in my mouth just yet. Maybe after he buys me dinner. I am so hungry for lunch right now. I have been starving since 10am, but I have held myself back, cuz I know that this hunger is based from my lack of smoking. The last thing I need in my life is to start acting, but weighing 50 pounds more. Then the only parts I will get will be Jaba the Hut or the Nutty Professor 3. Which may not be so bad. Alright ya'll. Mariah is on the phone!!!!!!!

 Wow. What a day. I had exactly 15 minutes to myself all day and it was during that time that I wrote my other entry. It's a good thing I type fast. God...you wouldn't BELIEVE how busy I have been at work. I hate leaving projects for the next day. I don't do it ever. But today I had to and that drives me insane. If I don't do the shit I have to do the day it is assigned, there is no way I can catch up the next day. It is virtually impossible. So even though I worked my ASS off today, tomorrow promises to be even more exhausting. Gosh. It must be REAL fucking nice to be just about anyone else in my office. I mean...in my opinion...none of them are as busy as I am. None of them are juggling two full time jobs (administrative assistant/program coordinator) while at the same time, answering questions, acting as a personal assistant to two people, and constantly being interrupted by others in the office place that have no idea how to do the job they got hired for. It really wore me down today. Big time. Ari was NOT fired today. They told her that they will discuss her employment with the agency in 4-5 weeks. ARE WE SERIOUS? Wow. This is the first job, in my LIFE, where an employee can say and do things that would be detrimental to their job security, and STILL walk out of a meeting and have their job. The place I work for is complete bullshit. I am not happy right now. Not at all. I mean, I want the best for Ari. I do. But she needs to go. And soon. This job is killing her inside. I know it is. And it's also killing me. I don't know how many more times I can see and hear from her about how horrible it is to be her at this place. She is right 99% of the time. But the whole thing is definitly taking its toll on me. I want her to be happy. First and foremost. I don't know. It was a long day. A VERY long day. I still have yet to put my headshots/resume together. That's next on the agenda. Man...there just isn't enough time in the day. Paul hasn't called since Sunday afternoon. He is supposed to come here on Friday for business, but if he can't give me an answer by tomorrow morning...I am going to go ahead and make plans for this weekend. I DESPISE worrying on Wed. about what I will be doing for that weekend. I am a planning freak and I can't stand this "Let's just wait and see attitude". It might be a "I need to hang out with some new friends" type of weekend. I need a breath of fresh air. God I need to start acting soon. Alright...that's it. Time to go decompress a bit.

 Hello to everyone! Especially to my new friend PHEOBE who has recently joined us and is seemingly QUITE amazing! So welcome Pheebs! Hope you stick around for awhile. Hi again to the rest of ya! So guess what? Last night I DID in fact have a Nicotine Patch dream. You are going to think I am lying when I relay it to you, but I promise it is for real. Each and every detail. Here it is So I am sitting in a classroom with a bunch of people I have never met before. Lets say that there were about 75 people. I have no idea why I am there except that I am waiting for the big news. Suddenly a 30ish woman walks in and starts calling out peoples names. She calls out 6 names and then I hear mine. I stand up and join the rest of the people in the front of the classroom. Everyone who didnt have their name called get up and leave the room. I look at the other 6 people and realize that they are the current case of Road Rules. (The last thing I saw on tv last night before going to bed was Road Rulesso this does make sense) The 7 of us leave the classroom and immediately rush off to this hotel to do our first mission. We are all laughing and getting along as though we have been on the road for months. In fact, I think that at this point of the dream, we HAD been on the road for months. We get to the hotel and settle into a corner of the lobby. We look around the room and notice that there are about 15 other Road Rules teams waiting for further instructions, just as we are doing. Eventually, this horrible looking man with HORRIBLE hygiene gets up in front of all of us and tells us that we have to drink beer and talk to each other for two hours. THATS THE MISSION???? AMAZING! Cuz I am SO good at that. We hang out and drink. We laugh, we joke, I have the best time of my whole life. At some point, I look around the room and realize that all of the other teams have been eliminated. WE HAVE WON! WE WON THE MISSION! How did we win? I have no idea. But I know we won! YAY! We are all overjoyed and then I realize that Eli (this guy I work with) is missing from our group. Now, he wasnt in the original casting, but at this point we are all freaking out that we have lost him. Rachel, from Road Rules, says to me: Joe, you go find him. He likes you best. I get up and go down the hall of the hotel. I open this random door to Eli with his head on this wooden desk. He is crying hysterically. I ask him whats wrong, but he wont answer. I start to get really upset too. I ask him over and over if he wants to talk or if I should get the rest of the team. He says: No, then gets up and walks over to me. He puts his arms around me and just stands there hugging me. I hold him while he cries and then I wake up. Jigga what??? When I had the Eli/Nicotine dream last time, he was the sexiest beast on earth. But last night wasnt like that at all. He wasnt cute or sexy or anything. He was just Eli. But he broke my heart and OH GREAT! I woke up being in love with him again! Last time this happened, it took me 3 days and him dressed up in a chicken costume to get over it. Oh Lord. What could this dream mean? Elis mom is in the hospital because she is battling breast cancer. Do you think I should talk to him about it? Do you think that I should ask him to go get drinks or something, just to get his mind off of a few things? I dont know him very well and the whole situation is just weird. He is a sweet kid, but am I comfortable enough asking him what the deal is? I dont know. I think I will write him and email later just to let him know that I am thinking about him. In any caseI laid in bed for about 20 minutes this morning thinking about Eli and WISHING that I was a member of this seasons Road Rules. In my mind, they were MUCH cooler than they really are. I mean, dont get me wrong. I think that they could be my favorite Road Rules Cast ever. Fuck that. They ARE my favorite Road Rules cast ever. I just love em. So thats that. As I type this, Ari is in our bosss office discussing her future at our job. For her sake, I hope they fire her so that she can finally get her ass in gear and get out of this slum that we work in. She takes so much shit from these people and its about time that she moves on. Its whats best for her. I assure you. GO ARI! I dropped off my headshot/resume/thank you card to my new friend GIGI. Everyone keep your fingers crossed that she will make me famous! She has the power to do so! So give it up! This student just told me about this test that was conducted somewhere. (I wasnt listening at the beginning of her story) In the test, they took self-proclaimed homophobes and also self-proclaimed non-homophobic heterosexuals, hooked them up to these shock type therapy things and made them watch gay porn. And of coursethe homophobes got shocked repeatedly for being turned on by the whole thing, while the non-homophobes got away free of charge! Figures, right? Well anyway I hope everyone has a decent rest of their day. Mine gets better the minute I lock myself in my bedroom to run monologues! WHOO WAH! I might be an actor afterall!

 The weekend has come and gone. Hate it when it does that. I slept rather fitfully last night. Not that I didn't have a good nights' sleep, but that I woke up every hour and thought to myself: "Wow. 5 more hours of sleep." Or "Wow. 35 minutes more of sleep." I kind of like doing that. It makes it so that I have a very long night of sleep. Overall the weekend was mediocre. Rita and I watched movies and did some shopping on Friday. That's always fun. The restaurant opening that we went to on Saturday was a bust. The place was cute, the food was pretty good, but the party blew. It was impossible to get free drinks, the serving staff sucked, and once we did get drinks, it was all over priced. Well, maybe not that over priced, but over priced cuz where the fuck were the free drinks? Poor planning, I think. However, Ari and I met a fellow blogger named FISH NEEDS A BICYCLE! She was great! Very cute and totally easy to talk too. I just wish we had more time to chat. She seemed like a really nice girl. After this whole thing, Ari, Kelly, Rita and I went over to this other bar called Blackstar or some shit. It was ok. Nothing huge. It was fun to be out, but other than that, rather boring evening. Rita and I ended up taking quizzes on the internet until about 4am and that was pretty fun. Sunday, Rita and I watched Harry Potter and went back to bed. Love days like that. Today I pick up my new reprinted headshots. Wish me luck! Back on the patch today. Hoping for some kick ass dreams tonight. Went off it over the weekend thinking that I was stronger than I was. I even smoked cigarette in front of Fish. So I can't act like I have been totally clean this weekend. :) What else? Reconnected with a friend from way back. She and I used to be busom buddies. Kind of hoping that she hasn't turned into a complete psycho. If she hasn't, this will bring my friend quotient in the city up to 5! That's exciting. I guess that's it. Had a great talk with my brother today. We laughed alot and it felt good to hear his voice. Paul and I had some good talks over the weekend too, so that makes things pretty great overall. He is tentively scheduled to come to NYC on Friday for work. If so, he and I will have the house to ourselves on Friday night and that would be amazing. Maybe make a nice dinner, with candles and love. Not trying to get my hopes up though. He won't know until Wednesday if this is going to all go through. Alright...outta here. Be back later

 BTW....sike about her still wearing the underwear. She would gasp in horror if she thought I let that lie go uncorrected.

 So tonight we head to a restaurant opening with Ari, Trick, Kelly, Rita, myself and also, one FISH! Meeting up with an actual fellow blogger tonight. How cool and strange and exciting! Rita and I are leaving my apartment at 6:15pm to be at Ari's by 7pm. We will all relax for a bit and then head down to GOA at like 8:30pm or so. Free drinks and debauchery all night. What a perfect Saturday evening. Gotta go jump in the shower. Rita is done and now it is my turn. I am wearing long sleeves tonight. It is about 357 degrees outside. Appropriate clothing. Okay, Rita just walked out of the bathroom holding a pair of underwear that she accidently dropped in the toilet. HAHAHAHAHA She is now drying them with a hair dryer in hopes of still wearing them. Even though there is clearly a poop stain on them now. Weird girl!

 Wow. Do I have a story! Do you all remember when I dog sat? I mean, I never actually "dog-sat" per se, but I was staying at this woman's house, taking care of her plants, bringing in her mail, etc.etc.etc.etc.etc.etc.etc. One night, Kelly dog sat and the dog went haywire and she ended up losing it for a couple of hours. Well, the hours being between 1-4am or something. Whatever. That's not the point of my story. The point is: It's been two weeks since she told me that she would mail my check for what we did end up doing while she was gone. She was very pleasant on the phone and everything seemed to be great. Today, having not received the check yet, I called her and left her an answering machine message explaining that she must have had the wrong address, cuz I still haven't received the check. Where is my check? What the fuck, give me my check! So when I got home tonight, she had left a message on my answering machine FURIOUSLY explaining that she basically hates me and my family and that she will kill us if she ever sees us in a public park. She is pissed about Kelly and the dog. And also that I spilled a red perfume stain on her couch. Okay, guys... I am gay. Yes. I admit it. But I have yet to try on women's perfume. It's...well...it's gay. I made a stain on the couch? YOU made 57 stains on the couch. When I called her back the second time, not only did I say it was impossible for me to have made the stain, you "Vicki, have so many stains on your couch that it would be out of the realm of possibility for you to have found a new one". Oops. That stung. But true. Also she said that I shouldn't have been staying at her house, without the dog. Although she told me OVER and OVER..."Please...oh please stay in my apartment, just in case I get any important messages or something goes wrong." Right. Suck my dick you stupid bitch. I hate you. I stressed over this shit longer than I ever should have tonight. What a waste of emotion. I am a VERY responsible, VERY concientious person. I NEVER hurt people, unless I mean to hurt them. Somehow I fucked up this ladies existence worse than when last year, her other dog got hit by a truck on Broadway. While she was walking it. I know. Fucked up. And I am SORRY that the experience with Kelly and the dog seemed to have sent you over the edge...but you know what?????? I DIDN'T SPILL PERFUME ON THE FUCKING COUCH! Whatever. what the FUCK ever. Will have to let you all know how this turns out. just so you know...when i called her back the first time...i was extremely aggressive and demanded that she mail the check to Kelly and I tomorrow. Demanded! She did offer to mail the check when she called back the second time. But I feel that if I took the money, she would take a nut. She didn't spay her dog, cuz it bleed like a siv the entire time she was gone, but I tell you...she would take a nut. Today on the bus... Rita and I were stepping off through the front exit, cuz the bus was INCREDIBLY packed.... We were the last two out the door and this black woman says to me as I walk by "Supposed to go out the back way, goddamn you". I turn around and go "SHUT UP!" right in her face. LOLOLOLOLOLOL Then we walked off the bus gloating about how she should have shut up. It was pretty great. Today was a very angry day on my part. Why do people provoke these emotions? Unless you scare them back with harsh words or major volume, you get stomped on. I don't want to have experiences like I did today. I am a VERY nice person overall. But cross me and I turn into a fucking beast. I hate it. I very rarely if NEVER give someone a reason to freak on me. And today someone did. For no reason. NO reason. Man...sometimes I get so frustrated with dealing with people who don't get it. To be on that next level is a privilege, but also a burden to carry. I think you get what I mean. Sorry everyone else sucks.

 I was just upstairs in the bathroom exploding every possible blackhead on my face. The amount of squiggling that happened was damn near sickening. Also, the entire lower half of my face is bright red from pinching and squeezing. I am trying my best to hide my mouth in my shirt. Yikes. But listen! I had to do it. They were getting a little sick. HAPPY SUKKOT to all my Jewish readers. Okay, just to Ari. We are selling our Lulavs and Etrogs for the holiday. If you don't know what a Lulav and Etrog is, it is essentially a citron on a stick. It's pretty cute and if it weren't $35, I would buy one for my bedroom. Who DOESN'T want a lemon on a stick? I sure would. if I were you. Ate two wonderful hot dogs for lunch. Continue to eat them as the day goes on. Ok enough. Can my journal NOT turn into only entries about flatulance, poop, farts, and acne? I mean seriously. What the fuck am I turning into? Eh. A boy is a boy is a boy. Boys love to talk about poop. At least the ones that I want to date do. SIKE! or SICK! Big restaurant opening this Saturday! Going to meet one of my fellow bloggers. How weird is that???!!! Pretty cool too. Very much looking forward to a night out on the town. I might even dress up and NOT wear my usual cut off shorts. You know how I just LOVE my cut off shorts. Faded blue with patches. Hot. Guess what? Today I went to the library. Wait, there's more... I love going to the library, cuz they have movies. And they let you rent the movies for a whole week for FREE! So Rita and I go at least once a week, sometimes 3 times a week, and rent movies. FOR FREE! This week we got "Godzilla" and "Down to You". Then today...we found "Harry Potter"! WHAT?!?!! They have "HARRY POTTER" at the library? ROCK! I quickly snagged it. Some 5 year old boy wanted to rent it, but I slapped him in the mouth and took it before he could tell his mom. Please don't tell Rita that I slapped the little boy. She has issues with me hitting children. Whatever. So yesterday on the way home, Rita and I stumbled across this exercise bike from 1963. Some wasteful IDIOT put it out on their stoop to be picked up by the garbage men. I was mortified. I IMMEDIATELY picked up this rusted piece of smelly garbage and put it in Kelly's bedroom. I thought she would LOVE having a new piece of exercise equipment. Good for the legs. She left a note on the kitchen table this morning saying how much she loved it. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Does this mean I have to take it out of her room and put it back by the curb? I'm too tired to do that part. Kelly...just use it and love it. Paul just called and was pretty fucking adorable. Ah geez. Love that ghoulie a lot. So I found out today that (MOST LIKELY) my brother will be able to come home from Germany on block leave from the ARMY. Well, we already knew that he would most likely be coming home, but he told me today that he is coming home on December 23rd! He will stay until January 5th! WOW!!! He is going to be home for Christmas!!! I couldn't believe it. I about shit myself. Cept I didn't cuz I have constipation still. But I boofed really loudly. boofed = farted Of course, there are reasons why this whole thing could fall through, but I am not comfortable getting into them on here. Let's just keep our fingers crossed, our prayers strong, and our hopes high. My brother might be coming home for CHRISTMAS! Shit yeah. Today after work Rita and I are going to this little gay pub in Queens called the "Albatross". Paul and I went there this weekend and discovered that they have a dart board, a pool table, and a mega-touch game! He and I played 8 dollars worth of games. It was the most fun and I am pretty excited to get out on the town and drink tonight for a bit. Kelly has been working her ass off this week. Doubles upon doubles. She is starting a new restaurant. From what it sounds like...the word on the town is hinting at...this restaurant is going to be BIG! Lots of money to be made there, we think. And she might only have to work 3 or 4 nights. AMAZING! I really hope this all falls into place for her. She has been going non-stop, so it would be nice for her to have a bit of a break after the training is complete. She will be joining Ari and I for the restaurant opening on Sat. So will Rita. Mariah has to work, but will meet us after 11pm for more drinks at local bars. Unfortunately, drinks we will have to pay for. Ok...I think that is it for today. Almost 5pm and almost time to go home!!!! BTW...I took my nicotine patch off this morning at 7am and I have yet to put it on. Proud of me, eh? I am going to put it on now though. I still have yet to drink beers and NOT die inside from wanting a smoke so badly. We will see. Alright...peace jigs!

 Balright. I have no idea why I am writing right now. All I know is that I want to write. Came home tonight, had a few beers, played some Mancala (insert trademark symbol), and now stumble around like a doofus. doofus? never doofus. stumble around like an indigo girl. no. that makes no sense. (it's whats playing on the computer right now) (My housemate Rita owns the computer) (she's a lesbian) (shh about her being a lesbian) So in any case...I sit here and write. Been thinking a lot about the Real World today. Yes, I realize that that could be a scary thing to admit in a public journal. What with everyone being so "particular" and such. But I been thinking how Las Vegas is really such bullshit. I mean, yes. The Real World isn't EMMY nominating reality television. But it was the first. And I have always thought...the best. A little smut, a lot drama, but sometimes...actually real! Do you remember New Orleans? Do you remember Irene with her Lyme Disease? SIKE! That was shit. What I really meant was...do you remember Lindsay getting the call? That call that told her that one of her best friends had committed suicide. I mean...do you remember? That was real. That touched so many people. THAT my friends, was EMMY nominated reality television. And now this. The Vancouver thing really pissed me off. I never fully explained in this journal how much it really shocked my shit. Let me just tell you this...I really BELIEVED that there was a REAL Lost Season Vancouver. Seriously. Walked around telling everyone I knew that the unthinkable happened! Something went wrong in VANCOUVER and now they are showing it on MTV!!!! Everyone WATCH! Watch me be a fool. You made me a fool MTV. ME! Joe Cuttheshit! The one who realizes that he is 25 and still vehemently supports MTV's programming. And while I can say all of this, I turn on my television last night, so excited, to see Las Vegas. Oh God. Las Vegas. Yes. It IS fun that they will humiliate themselves in front of the nation. Yes. It IS personally satisfying to see other people ruining their lives at a faster rate then we seem to be doing. And if none of all that strikes you...yes. Yes, it is great to tune into an hour of craziness and debauchery in order to escape the true reality that is our hum drum lives. But you know what? I LOVE the Real World. I know some very cool people (Rita, Kelly, Ari) that follow this Real World thing as well. I mean...didn't we hope for those beautiful moments? Those rare moments that would show us a glimpse into what present day reality tv can never hope to do? A moment of honesty from someone else. Out of their tv and into our lives. And for a second we are changed by this experience. Wow. Whatever. I wax philosophic about the Real World. But I admit again: I love MTV. I think they do wonderful programming. (Yes, they have some bullshit, but you tell me one station that doesn't) I am disappointed in the direction in which this Las Vegas bullshit is going. But I will watch. I will be sad. Sad y'all. Sad. Over it already. Sorry bout all that. What the fuck happened? I felt like I was sitting here typing furiously away about something that ultimately means nothing to me. I am not THAT journal writer. The one that explains only opinions on every day social issues. (if you can even call "The Societal Impact of MTV a social issue) So I guess that's it. Just give me a computer and twenty minutes and I will give you intensity on the first thing that comes to my mind. Hope everyone had a pleasant evening. I did. And am even more overjoyed that tomorrow is Thursday. One day closer to pretending that I have no responsibilities. Love the weekend. hate the sunday. Enough.

 WELCOME BACK TO THE 9 TRAIN! ROCK! I have missed this train in a way that can only be described as "erotic". Back in the day, you used to be able to take the 1 or the 9 all the way up past where I work. After September 11th, the 9 train went to sleep for awhile. Now that things are moving steadily down at ground zero, they have re-installed my favorite train! Two chances to catch the local up town. This makes my commuting life so much easier! Welcome back to you my friend. Welcome back. I have poop in my ass. It feels a bit solid and I don't think it will come out any time soon. Damn you cigarettes. Damn you for giving me beautiful diherehea for months and then now...constipation up the ass. hee hee. double entandra. entendra. tandra. double entandra. entindra. hmmm....entandra and diaherrehea are very hard to spell. It hurts my inner self. So, as it turns out, we will definitly be going to this restaurant opening on Saturday night. I am pretty excited about it considering that Ari has invited me to at least a dozen of these events, including the opening of Britney Spear's restaurant "NYLA", and I have yet to go to any of them. The restaurant is called "Goa" and they are serving free alcohol from 10-11pm. AND they will give us goodie bags. What more could you ask for besides GOODIE BAGS? Sorry everyone. Gotta be on "the list" to get in. If you can bring a very buff, kinda gay guy, with you, I will MAKE SURE that you and your friend are immediatly put on the list. I know people in high places. Eh, Ari? Oh no. The 4:30pm rush is starting. Gotta go.

 So when I lost my blogger entry, the only thing I could do to make myself feel better was to scream at the top of my lungs: "FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCK!" It did feel better, but I only did it cuz I thought that no students were in the office. Then just now I realize that one of the prissiest students ever was sitting in the student office. SHIT! or FUCK! Whichever. Now I am red faced. And also I peed my panties.

 Once again, I have lost everything that I wrote in this mother fucking journal. FUCK ME! FUCK ME FUCK ME FUCK ME! a la Exorcist style. Here is a recap of what I wrote about: Real World Las Vegas is smut garbage. Steven is gayer than shit and will annoy you the entire season in proving otherwise. If you believe he could be straight, than you need to go back to gaydar school and figure out which BLATANT lie of his threw you off track. Found 5 monologues last night and half memorized one of them. Still working and hope to be ready to go by Sunday. My patch is itching. I ate a huge turkey sandwich, then bit off part of my thumb thinking it was a left over morsel. Farted once. Farted twice. Farted a third time and then resolved to stop farting in my chair. Had the most amazing french fries for dinner last night. They are GOYA brand and have like zero fat. They were fresh, tasty, and I almost finished a bag off last night. Shit at work is pretty intense. See Ari's journal for more details. Debating going to this opening of a restaurant Saturday night. Jerked off 3 times in the last 16 hours. Getting a haircut since I am now in the running for the next American Pop Idol. And I think that was it. Ah...this condensed version is a much easier read. May have to consider doing it this way always. way way and way. Lata jiggas.

 Hi all! Sorry to have been gone for so long. This weekend got the best of me and I thought it, um...best, to not go anywhere near the computer. Paul was here and we had a beautiful time. We only hooked up once and it was for like 8 minutes. That kind of sucked, but sometimes there are more important things to do or talk about other than sex. It was a nice change. We had some pretty intense conversations as well. Some of which will find their way to this page, some of which will never come out of my mouth. :-D Friday night we partied it up in NYC. Saturday, we saw the movie SIGNS. (My second time, his first) GO SEE IT! It's muy brilliante! Sunday, we went to this great, local gay bar and rocked out. We got home and ended up staying up just about all night. We talked and laughed like two girls that haven't seen eachother in years. Yesterday was a bit depressing as we both had the impending doom of him leaving weighing very heavily on our shoulders. He got his stuff together and left at 6am in order to make it to the train station by 7. To be honest, I have had this gaping hole in my heart ever since he took off. I hate it. I hate hate hate it. You would think that after 2 years of doing this, we would have it down to a science. But lo and behold, it hurts more and more with each arrival and departure. I guess that's what true love is. I SAW THE JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE VIDEO THIS MORNING! And about SHIT myself. DAMNIT! Why is there such beauty in this world, and why don't I have full access to all of it? Meaning Justin's penis in Joe's mouth. I know I know. I am a child for loving him the way that I do. But you know what? When I was 12 and gay, I had to pretend to be in love with Deborah Gibson. (Not that I didn't love her for her talent and perfume. I mean Electric Youth y'all.) Now that I am 25 and gay and out, I feel justified to express my love for my new pop idol. And by pop idol, I am in NO way referring to Miss Kelly Clarkson. If I hear her overly virbratoed rendition of "A Moment Like This" one more time, I might rip my eyelashes out one by one. GAH! and also gah. Let's see.... No big NIC dream this weekend. Prolly cuz I didn't have the patch on for most of it. Prolly cuz I smoked a couple cigarettes. Prolly cuz I am not quitting anymore. SIKE! I am so still quitting. Just kinda had a little falling out. IT IS SO HARD! Don't let any ass tell you differently. So Doris...if you read urlLink Ari's Journal you know who Doris is, just came up to me and asked me a question that I definitly know that answer to. Unfortunately for Doris, that gigantic piece of goop that was stuck to her lip forced me to vomit rather than answer her. I told her "I don't know" and quickly diverted my eyes before I ended up sitting in a pool of my own bile. God she is fucking repulsive. Can everyone stop interuppting me? Marco, our superintendent, who I just found out makes $7,500 more than me, just walked up to me and goes: "Sup dude." He then proceeds to smile at me all creepily. Then he just stands there. I go: "Sup." and he continues to stand there all sexually and weird like. Eventually I just went back to typing until he got the hint and left. I mean...don't you got better shit to do then stand there looking at me as though I have some double d jugs? I don't get it. What is wrong with the world? Well, I think that might be it for today. Going to go figure out how to get to this place downtown. That should take a good half an hour...and then it will be time to go home. (big sigh) Been waiting all day for that moment.

 I thought you would all be upset if a whole day went by without me telling you about the Nic dream I had last night. No seriously. If you think that I am just sitting here every day making up stories to tell...you are dead wrong. DEAD WRONG! All of what I write is pure truth. If you get tired of hearing about my crazy nicotine dreams, leave me a comment. Not that I will stop writing them or anything. It will just give me a reason to laugh in your face. Let me begin... I am sitting in my house in Albany and we are having some sort of a party. My whole family is there, including my gay uncles from California. Kelly and Rita are also there, and guess what? So is fucking BJ. (Does BJ ALWAYS have to be in my nicotine dreams? In case you didn't know, the answer to that question is yes) There are also other people in the house, but they remain faceless, thus making them nameless. We are all sitting there and talking when someone yells out that we should go to the local indoor playground. (In Albany, we call it Stompin Grounds. I worked there for 2 years. They have big structures made of tubes, and bins full of colored balls to play in. Although, do NOT play in them. They are filled with kid piss. Just an insiders piece of advice for ya. We all load up into our various cars and drive to Stompin Grounds. On the way, my uncles say that there is this new dinosaur game that we should all play. (I get very excited cuz I just LOVE dinosaurs.) We pull up to Stompin Grounds and all file into the building. Once inside, it is like kid heaven. There are tons of those tube structures, numerous ball pens, and a food court, and a huge slide, and and and...so many things. I am thrilled! I look around the place and there are about 100 students from the place that I work at. They make some sort of announcement that the "Dinosaur game" will start so I run over and get on my uniform. The uniform for the dinosaur game is kind of like an athlete's jersey. Mine was red. I realize that no one else in the group wants to play the dinosaur game. They only want to eat pizza and sit and watch. I still play with people that I don't know and they all vary in age. Some were 3 years old, some were 80 years old. The game begins and I don't know how to play. All I know is that I have to figure out a way to destroy these so called dinosaurs. A HUGE door opens from the bottom up and I see the most amazing thing. There are two dinosaurs that must be at least 80 feet high. They are gigantor and are both T-rex's. One is green and one is red. Oh. Did I mention that they were made of Lego's? Cuz they were. Green and red legos. Once the door is open, the T-rex's ROAR very loudly and start to step out of their holding pens. All of the people I am with scream at the top of their lungs and start running to hide. I am so excited to play and can't wait to get started. I stand where I am and face the dinos. The red T-rex steps right in front of me and bends down to pick up a little girl that is next to me. I start laughing cuz she was caught. The laughter stopped when I realize that this red lego T-rex swallows the little girl whole. She just disappears into his massive belly. I think to myself "Um. Is this the game I signed up for? Dying isn't so much fun. " I quickly run away and hide in climb inside one of the tube structures. I hide in this yellow tube and watch the T-rex's scour the building for everyone in the game. Everyone else that I came with sit on the sidelines, eating pizza and cheering for their favorite player. I see my uncles and they mouth to me: "YOU CAN DO IT!" Little boys, old women, grown men, they all get swallowed whole by these dinosaurs. I start to think to myself: "How do I POSSIBLY destroy them to win the game?" I see people throwing balls and other various objects at them and all it seems to do is piss them off more. Even though I am totally hidden in one of the tubes, the red T-rex eyes me and comes charging towards the tube structure I am in. I climb higher and higher until I at least 20 feet above him. Now, I don't know how the T-rex does this, but he shrinks to a smaller, but still huge size, and starts to climb into the tubes after me. It was at this point that the dream turned into a horrifying nightmare. I notice that the T-rex is very agile and is climbing up towards me very fast. I find an exit slide in the tubes and I slide away from him. Once at the bottom of this amazing slide, I see a lego Betty Rubble and Wilma Flintstone go running by me with one kid above each of their heads. (Understand this...it may sound bizzare and slightly humorous, but when I saw them run by, a major streak of fear coursed through my veins.)(cuz I mean seriously...no one said that lego betty's and wilma's would be in the game!) I run over to my gay uncle Brad and I say: "Help me! HELP ME!" He, along with the rest of my family, BURST out laughing at me and Brad says: "You wanted to play, so go play." Yikes. I turn around and notice that the green T-rex and spotted me and is charging in my direction. I look to my right and see a bathroom door. I run over to it and go inside. Once inside, I realize that it isn't a bathroom at all, but some sort of EXTREMELY small storage closet. I lock the door and think to myself: "He could never get in here. It is air tight and there is a metal door separating the two of us. As I am thinking this, the T-rex starts to ram his head against the door. The door seems to hold up and I feel relieved. I'll just wait until the game is over and then I will come out, I think. But the green T-rex isn't giving up. He roars loudly and then takes a huge bite out of the top of the door. I scream as well and back as far as I can into the corner. The T-rex starts taking bite after bite out of the door, with a HUGE vengence. The strength he has proves to be too much for the storage closet. A whole opens up to my right. After the T-rex finishes off the door, I stand there screaming. He then lunges at me with the biggest lego teeth I have ever seen. I quickly jump over his snout and through the hole that has opened up. I go running as fast as I can back to the huge tube structure that I was in. The T-rex screams "I AM GOING TO GET YOU!" (Yes, you got that right. Suddenly the T-rex speaks very good English) I climb and climb into the tubes and once I am at the very highest point of the structure I look down and see his huge head below me. At this point he is eating someone, but I can't tell who it is. I look across the room and see this kid Orahn that is a student at my workplace. (Yes Ari. Orahn is waving at me from across the room....why the FUCK is he in my dream?) I wave back, as though I have the time, and look back down at the T-rex. His doesn't seem to be noticing me, but I notice that on the very top of his skull is a button that says "PUSH ME". Without even thinking about it, I vault over the side of the structure and I land directly on the button. The entire dinosaur collapses VERY GENTLY under me and the T-rex turns into a baby lego T-rex. Swear to God, the fear leaves me and I think "How cute!" I pick up the baby T-rex and hold it in the palm of my hand. I look around the room and no one is running anywhere. It's just kids playing normal games like "Who can climb the tubes fastest?" or "Try to find me in the balls!" The game seems to be over. Uncle Brad calls out: "Time to go home." I go over to meet my family and we leave Stompin' Grounds. As we walk out to the parking lot, I wake up. WHA WHA WHAT?!?!?!?! And that's it. But when I woke up, I was still petrified. Why the FUCK did I dream about this. Why the FUCK have I had any of the dreams that I have had in the last 3 nights? I can blame it on the nicotine patch, or I can just accept the fact that I think in ways that only psycho-paths and serial killers think. Hmmm....

 Would you like to hear about the nicotine dream I had last night due to my ever lovin patch wearin arm? Well here goes... I am at work sitting at my desk with Ari next to me and Rita in her office. Things seem like a normal and average day. Suddenly, this other guy I work with, Eli, comes running out of his office and says: "Joe, I need you to take me and a friend to the grocery store to buy some stuff for our dinner tonight." I'm like "Sure, why not?" I grab my things and Eli, his friend (some random chick) and I leave my job and get into a car that is supposedly mine, but I have never seen before. I remember it being early morning as I was getting into the car, but as Eli and I were driving, it was nighttime. It made sense at the time. I also remember that the car was busted ugly and that it was a stick shift, with the stick being up against the steering wheel. Weird. I remember laughing and having a blast while we were in my car. It was the most fun. Driving to the grocery store. Um. yeah. So we get to the grocery store and Eli, this random chick, and I start shopping for bags of chips, sodas etc. As I turn one of the aisles, I see an ex-girlfriend/friend of mine named Sam. She was there with some other people I know from college. I immediately ran back to the aisle I came from and told Eli what was going on. Eli says: "You have to talk to her. I will go get the rest of the groceries and meet you at the check-out counter in a little while. I start to panic a bit, but I say "sure" and start walking over to Sam and crew. Sam is really rude to me when I talk to her and she is acting like she has become this mighty powerful beastmaster. I remember hating her in the dream. I spend about 10 torturous minutes with her and then realize that's it's getting late and I have to meet Eli by the check-out. I say something off the cuff and rather rude to Sam and head towards the cashiers. When I get up there, I realize that Eli has left with his friend and has taken my car. I am furious! So angry! I immediately leave the store and go to a payphone where I call Kelly and ask her to come pick me up. Within minutes she is at the store, driving a white, convertible VW bug. (lol) I jump in and she drives as fast as she can to get me back to work. The roads curve all over the place and we end up having to drive up a mountain. It is so dark and the only light that she has to drive by is that of the moon. She speeds up around the corners and I start getting extremely scared at this. I yell at her to "slow down" and to "stop driving like a maniac". She tells me to "Relax...that it will be fine" and before we know it, we fall off a cliff and go tumbling over and over down the mountain. She is screaming the entire way. I am quiet as we fall, but making sure not to leave my legs under the glove box so that they won't get crushed by the crash that we will inevitably envelop us. When we do hit the bottom of the mountain, Kelly and I are both alive and fine, but the top of the convertible has ripped off. The car has landed right side up so Kelly continues to drive back up the mountain. We speed along and suddenly we are toppling over and over again to the bottom of the mountain. This time Kelly is laughing and I am screaming. I am starting to get very scared of her becuase I think that she is trying to kill me. When the car hits the bottom of the mountain, she speeds up trying to go back up it. I jump out and she calls after me: "Wait Joe! I can get you there. Get back in!" I scream: "No way!" and I run up the mountain by myself. Once at the top, I realize that my office is right there. I run inside and up to the third floor where I work. It is still nighttime and everyone is preparing for whatever big event Eli needed the groceries for. I go into Eli's office and say to him: "I am so fucking angry with you. Sit down we need to talk." The students that were in the office have left and Eli sits down across from me. I start to tell him that I can't believe he took my car and left me at the store and blah blah blah. Finally Eli opens his mouth and says: "Joe. I think I might be gay." I say: "Eli, I know. I have known for awhile." Suddenly I am not angry about the car anymore. He stands up and I stand up in front of him and we fully make out for awhile. I remember being overwhelmingly turned on in the dream and started to fall in love with him at that moment. At the height of our make-out, the door whips open and one of my co-workers walks in and says: "Stop it. I need to talk to you two about the event tonight." We stop kissing and touching and listen to her bullshit. After she leaves, I tell Eli that he should come by my place later that night. He agrees and I walk out of his office and out of the dream. I wake up. ------THE END------ Ok...first of all...that dream was so fucking real! I am not that attracted to Eli. In fact, I am MINIMALLY attracted to him at most, but ever since that dream, I am fully in love with him. When he walked into work this morning, he looked at me as any normal, straight boy would look at another guy and I looked at him with hearts in my eyes. What is my fucking problem? The dream last night was much scarier than the one the night before. Man. Everyone should go on the patch. It gives you the most incredible dreams of your life. I went to bed last night at 9:45pm and slept pretty fitfully the entire night. Quitting smoking has given me horrible constipation and I woke up at 2:30am with feelings of bowel panic. I sat there for FOREVER trying to go and finally it all flooded out. What is the fucking deal!? I hate quitting. I have like strep throat, constipation, horrible sleeping patterns, and all I want is a smoke. Ugh. But I will press on. Keep on keeping on. Probably going to go to the doctor tomorrow to check out this throat thing. My glands are so swollen, I feel like they are going to pop and blood will splatter against the computer screen. Pleasant. Okay, that's it for today. Am going to go to the doctor's tomorrow, I think. My froat is so awful. Enough complaining. But did I mention that it hurts more than I think it ever has in the past? Oh I did? Great. Go fuck yourself. Just kidding. No anger allowed on September 11th. Bye kids.

 I hope everyone is holding up well today. Be strong and take some time to remember.

 A conversation I had with Paul today: P: "Hi Joe. Did you get the present I sent in the mail?" J: "Hi Paul. I have no idea what you are talking about." P: "I sent you a present in the mail last week. Did you get it?" J: "Oh. You mean the packet of fliers you sent to me from your office?" P: "Yeah. What did you think???" J: "Well, I read it and then I threw it away." P: "YOU DID WHAT???" J: "I read it and then I threw it away." P: "WHY? Why would you do something like that? I made that packet." J: "You didn't make it Paul. You stuffed the envelope. I read the information and then since none of it really applied to me, I threw it in the garbage." P: "That is so shitty Joe. I save everything you send me. Cards, letters, presents. I keep them all in a designated 'Joe' folder." -----NOTE----- Upon each visit to Paul I have seen letters and cards that I have mailed him shoved behind televisions, under bed mattresses, inside of shoes, etc. So don't lie to me Paul about being SO CAREFUL with the little love letters I send you. -----END NOTE----- J: "Paul. Why would I save this packet of random information? It's not like you even included a post-it note with the word 'hi' on it. I have enough trash, so I figured get rid of it before it starts cluttering up my life." P: "OMIGOD! OMIGOD! LD:SJKHF:SLDKH S":DLK H:SDLHJK" J: "Okay. Calm down. I just didn't see why it was important for me to hold onto it." P: "BECAUSE I SENT IT TO YOU...GARBLE GARBLE SCARY JUMBLINGS OF GARBLE" J: "Alright look...calm down. I am sorry I threw the fliers from the insurance company you work at in the garbage." P: "INSURANCE COMPANY?!?!?! Do you have any idea what I do with my life? Do you even know where I work? Do you do you do you do you do you do you..." J: "ARGH! OK! I AM SORRY! I don't understand why it means so much to you, but obviously it does..." P: "Of course it does. I sent you that packet out of love and because I was thinking of you." J: "WHAT? (hysterical laughter) You sent me that packet filled with 3 ridiculous fliers out of love for me??? HAHAHAHAHA" P: "Fine. Fine. Be a dick. I just wish you were more supportive." J: "Oh shit I'm sorry. I didn't realize that that packet was supposed to be my birthday card from last month." P: "I gave you a birthday card!" J: "Yeah...a month and a half later and it had five lines written in it." P: "That's not the point. The point is that you threw away the important packet from my company." J: "Oh God. I have to go." P: "Fine. Bye." J: "Bye Paul." P: "I love you." J: "I love the packet you sent me." P: "ARGH! DF:LKHJSDG:LIYUDS:GFLHJKSD:HK!!!!!" J: "Okay, call me later. Love you too and bye!" ----click---- Just thought that you would all appreciate that little story of my ridiculous, yet beautiful relationship with Paul.

 Okay, but I do have one quick funny story. I was just standing in our copier room talking to our Spanish housekeeper. Now understand that she is totally adorable. But this story does not make her come out looking so great. So we were standing in the copier room discussing how to prepare steak. Suddenly, and out of nowhere, she rips a fart louder than the sound of xeroxing being done. I looked her right in the eye after it happened and she didn't even blink. Neither did I. I went on like nothing happened. But then the smell hit and it was something fierce. I had kind of forgotten for those few seconds that she had even laid that fart bomb, but the smell reminded me in a way that only eggs can. I stifled every bit of laughter that I could. Once I thought I had it fully under controlled, this wonderful and sweet lady ripped another one even louder than the one before it. At this point I just had to leave. I knew the smell that was going to follow and I don't think my stomach could have handled another one.

 Just wrote the most brilliant piece of literature to have it freeze right before my FUCKING EYES~! Just love when that fucking fuck fuck shit stupid fuckin shit happens! GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR. Okay will try to write it again. nah fuck it. Fuck motha fuck. stupid bitch. asshole.

 Kelly, Rita and I decide that we want to spend a night in this beautiful bed and breakfast. It is run by this 80 something year old lady and the house has about 25 rooms on the upper level. Kelly, Rita and I each get our own rooms and we begin to unpack. BJ, who used to live with Kelly and I, decides that he wants to go too and shows up at the house with some of our guy friends from Albany. As I unpack, I realize that we are about to go out to a local bar in like 15 minutes. I quickly get dressed and find myself standing outside with a group of about 10 people waiting to drive to this bar. Kelly and Rita have decided to stay in and not go out. Once at the bar, I remember drinking margaritas. Blue margaritas. I also did a shot of Tequila with BJ. As I got more wasted, I look around the table and notice that my two best friends from Elementary School are at the bar: Shawn and Tyson. I haven't seen them in years, but they act like we are all still best friends. I realize how much I have missed them and I spend a majority of the evening hanging out with them, taking shots, and shooting the shit. Suddenly, our friend Alex, from Albany, walks by and I run over and give him a HUGE hug. He looks good! He turns to leave and I see this incredibly hot guy sitting without his shirt on at the table that I was sitting at. I go over, sit on his lap for awhile and then suddenly realize that I am with all straight people and none of them know I am gay. Except for BJ. I get off the guy's lap and then sit back down by BJ who grabs my knee and holds it in earnest. I look at him and he nods to me that no one saw me sitting on this guy's lap. EXCEPT for the fact that I was sitting on this lap at the SAME table that all of these straight friends of mine were sitting at. But whatever. Eventually the bar starts to shut down and we all get up and leave to go back to the bed and breakfast. Everyone is trashed and I sit in the back of a mini-van next to BJ. We hold hands for a little while, even though I KNOW he is straight at this point. The van is jam packed...but not with actual jam...and we eventually reach the parking lot of the place we are staying at. Once we pile out of the van, everyone is conducting their separate conversations and we are all laughing and going crazy. I leave the group and go upstairs to check on Kelly and Rita. I see Kelly standing in her bedroom and I ask her where Rita is. She says that Rita is sleeping and that I will see her in the morning. Kelly and I sit and talk for awhile. I tell her about Shawn and Tyson and then we say goodnight. I go back to my room, get undressed and climb into bed. I fall asleep. When I wake up, I am in my bed in NYC. Okay what? I was told that being on the nicotine patch caused intense dreams or even nightmares, but this is ridiculous. The dream was so real and detailed that I don't think I will ever forget it. The strangest part about this whole thing is that I had the dream between 6-7am this morning. All of that happened in an hour. I was so exhausted from partying all night that when I woke up I felt as though I had never gone to bed. Very weird. One last thing... I have, by far, the worst sore throat that I have ever had in my life. My mom says that it is a side effect from quitting smoking. While I believe 99% of what comes out of her mouth, I had to check it on the web. Sure enough, one of the first side effects of quitting smoking is an intense sore throat. It is so bad that I can't even swallow the spit in my mouth. My tongue is lolly-gagging all over the place and I feel like an overheated poodle. I also am in the beginning stages of a stye on my left eye, but if I don't play with it, it will surely go away. I hope. Quitting smoking not only sucks mentally...it is destroying my body. My glands are out to my temples. I look very pretty today. So I guess that's it. Got my patch on again today. It has officially been 36 hours since my last smoke and I feel pretty good about the whole thing. The cravings do come, but they do go as well. I have to keep myself busy. I find is almost impossible to sit around and watch tv or talk. All it does is make me want to reach for my pack of Parliaments. Probably won't be drinking for awhile either. The temptation to smoke then is just too great. Yesterday was definitely easier than today. Tomorrow will probably be even more difficult. You know? It's funny. I feel so much more in tune with myself now that I have cut out cigarettes. My emotions seem more real and connected to what I am thinking and doing. It feels good. Cigarettes seemed to cover up all that I was dealing with. If upset, I would just smoke a butt. If angry, I would just smoke a butt. Now...I have to find other ways to deal with these feelings. Like actually experiencing them. Weird. Tomorrow is September 11th and that makes me want to have a cigarette. When I walked in to work this morning I felt pretty comfortable with it being the eve of the anniversary of the tragedy. Now, having been at this desk for a couple of hours, I find my mood turning dismal. I feel sad. I don't know. It's not something I want to deal with and as much as I know I shouldn't block out these thoughts, I find it is the easiest way to deal with it. I think that after work tomorrow I might go sit in Central Park for awhile. Maybe write in my journal and just spend a little time reflecting. I had originally thought that I would go to a Memorial Service of some kind, but I am starting to think that maybe that is a bad idea. When I get upset, I prefer to be alone. That's probably how I will spend the next few days. Alone. Thinking and detoxing myself of this whole thing. I don't want tomorrow to come. I wish we could just fast forward to Thursday. Even trying to remember what exactly happened last year at this time is just so overwhelming. It took me weeks to get myself back together and I don't want to feel that way again. There was some good that came out of all of it. Such as the new lease on life, new patience and love for people I don't necessarily like. But it is very difficult to hold onto these feelings for a long time. They tend to dissipate a lot faster than the hurt does. Luckily, my and Ari's boss has been completely ignorant to the fact that she or I might not want to be in this shit hole tomorrow. No offer for some time off to go to a prayer service or anything. DESPITE the fact that everyone we work with will be taking time out of their day to go to a service. But Ari and I must answer the fucking phones. Man...this place is a trip. When everything went down last year, I was sitting right at this very desk, checking the voicemail on the machine and planning for another day of bullshit. Then suddenly everything changed. And here we go... Okay enough. I am getting way too deep for 12:20pm on a Tuesday. Hope everyone gets through the next 48 hours as calmly and introspectively as possible.

 LOLOLOL Please go to my poll and see what some clever girl did. I couldn't agree more with whomever answered the poll that way. (reets)

 Alrighty!~ What a day so far. I have quit smoking. Well, I don't know if I deserve the right to say "I have quit smoking", but up to this point I have had zero today! It doesn't feel so bad. I think these nicotine patches I got goin work pretty well. I am just going to keep my head up and keep praying. I really want to be quit. It's time. So I just got off the phone with this lady "Gigi" that is supposed to be my new and hopefully best theater friend in this city. She was absolutely DARLING on the phone! She was so nice to me and actually told me that she tries to meet people over the phone before she meets them in person, due to the fact that alot of people suck. But she told me that she thought I sounded "wonderful, intelligent, fun, and adorable." She said all of those things! It made me feel so good. So I am to drop off my headshot/resume/cover letter to her by next week. She will review it and then she will take me to her agency to get me started. UM! Of course she and I will get together for dinner or drinks before that. And I will sex her up. Ok sick. She is like 60 years old or something. The agency that represents her focuses on both film AND live theater. There is something for everyone! I am thrilled. Thank you to my brother for securing this for me. From what Gigi says, this really may be my ticket to getting my start. She was very helpful and seems to me to be sent straight from God. :-D She told me to keep my real name. She said that it is very American, easy, and also classy. So there will not be usage of my middle name everyone. What Gigi says gos. I am very happy and excited about all of this. Now time to get these damn headshots reproduced. What else... This weekend was pretty great. Rita took me to my first BBQ restaurant on Friday and it was phenomenal. We SHOVED our faces and then went to Toys 'R' Us to buy new board games for our house. We got the "MONSTER GAME CENTER!" which has 13 traditional board games included. (ie: chess, checkers, etc.) And we also got the SIMPSON TRIVIA game. It was great! The game is very hard and I have yet to answer a single question correctly. Stupid Joe. Stupid. Saturday we went out in the city which is ALWAYS fun and last night we watched the finale of SEX AND THE CITY. Overall a pretty great weekend. I got a ton of sleep. Haven't gotten to sleep in that late since my Florida vacation. I spoke with Mariah this morning and she informed me that she has been called back 3 times for Making the Band 2 with P-Diddy! UM! Amazing!!!!!! I am so excited for her! There was a whole big story involved with it, but you will have to talk to her to get the scoop! This is MY journal afterall and we don't like it THAT much when people's careers take off. Unless it's my career, of course. ;) So that's it. Going grocery shopping tonight and dropping off my laundry. Tomorrow I gotta get these headshots reproduced and then ROCK! Gigi told me that she got a stint on Guiding Light through her agency. UM. What is the deal with me and Guiding Light? This is the second person that told me that they might be able to get me into that soap. I've never even seen it. So that's it. Everyone wish me luck. It would be so amazing not to have to come to this shit job anymore. It would be even more amazing to actually do SOMETHING with acting. Oh man. Please God. Please make this work out.

 What a fucking day. I can't believe that I didn't do ONE second of playing today at work. I mean...seriously. Not even a personal email. It was that busy. Remember yesterday when I said I was sweating from the amount of running around that I did? Yeah...well today I reek to high heaven. Well...that's if heaven smells like onions. So here I sit at home and actually excited to be sitting here writing. No rush. Just simple thinking... Let me first cover the basics... Kelly Clarkson is the American Pop Idol. Yeah. Well, yeah. nuff said. The dog sitting that I was sort of doing has ended very anti-climactically. Kelly will get $25 for doing one night from hell and I will get $30 for taking care of her plants and mail. Snore. BUT...on the plus side, she has no idea that I was smoking pot and cigarettes while laying in her bed. HAHAHAHA. One funny thing...the conversation I had with the dog lady today was very sweet and nice. Me just happy that she didn't smell shit when she got home. (I did Febreeze her entire apartment and spray about 8 gallons of "Sunny Day" air freshner...also got her some gerbera daises....actually...now that I think about it...with the money I spent on these air freshining devices, I should just about break even from my share of the cut) great. Anyhoodle... When we were talking she said: "Do you know where the stain on the couch came from?" Now understand this...what in her apartment WASN'T covered in Stains? I mean seriously. This bitch done got herself a great place in the city and turned it into GARBAGE! But whatever, I say to her...what stain...as though her entire couch wasn't covered in stains already. She's like: "I found this stain on one of the cushions. I smelled it and it smelled like perfume." UM! Okay bitch listen...#1...I be gay. So I didn't have any chicks over while you were gone. #2 I am NOT the kind of gay man that wears perfume. #3. I turned the cushion over last night cuz that stain that you be talking about is HUGE and was DEFINITLY there when I interviewed. I remember looking at it and being like: "Wow. You are one dirty dog lady." And now she tries to blame it on me. Enough. Give me my money and you and your crazy, bleeding everywhere dog, go away. The end. In other news... Edward Im'd me today. Welcome back. He moves into the city next week. Oof dah. Since he has the link to this page, that will be all that I am writing... My mother and brother both called me at work today to see if I had called that agent that my bro told me about. This was my reaction to both: "I am seriously busy at work and I don't have time to discuss MY acting career with either of you." Both said: "But Joe, you WILL call today. You WILL." I said: "Hi. Mother and brother...FUCK OFF AND LEAVE ME ALONE!" Fortunately both conversations ended well and I DIDN'T call the lady today just to spite them. oops. I think I spited myself. Will call tomorrow. But really...GAH! Give me five seconds to breathe, ok?! Yesterday I bought the EMINEM CD. Yes I know. "How could you possibly support him being a homosexual male?!?!?!" You know how? With $15. And I love every second of the cd. Very proud that I own it. I think that Rita has lead me to Paul and my new song. We have "OUR" song already. Embarrassed I tell you that it is by the Backstreet Boys. It is called "I Need You Tonight" and while totally appropriate at the time...times have changed and now so has our song. It's now by Ben Folds Five and it is called....um... It's called #12 on the disc. Their new disc. I plan on fully absorbing him into the song and then when he least expects it...I slam him with "Don't you just LOVE our new song???" He will love. I got my pictures from Florida back today. The best part of my day was not the fact that I got the pictures...it is the fact that 5 rolls of film WITH doubles came to exactly $47.18. $47.18??? By far the cheapest thing I have purchased in NYC. I am pleased. The pictures came out well. Actually they came out fucking hysterical. Paul spent the entire trip trying to "hide" from the camera which turns out to be a very stupid move as he is still IN all the pictures...they just look ugly. Nice going Pauley. OK...so it's now a half an hour later and I just got off the phone with Mariah. Her girlfriend broke up with her on Tuesday. UM?! In my opinion better off cuz Mariah is so much better then this pseudo-gay bitch... But for Mariah, I know it hurts. Oh man. Poor thing. Can't get into it now. I think I just heard Rita come home from her Tai Chi class. Oh...nope. It's assholes from upstairs. I guess that's it. I have been on this computer and the phone since I got home and I have yet to unpack my bags. Sorry for the chaotic ramblings tonight. Ah well. Sometimes the best shit comes from chaotic ramblings. Time to go smoke a bowl. Peace in the middle east y'all. refer back to May's entires to understand that quote.

 Got to be real quick today. Leave work in about 15 minutes. Have been so swamped today. Not even a couple minutes to write. And as I write this, the head rabbi is mumbling some shit and looking at me like he has work for me. Ugh. He does. FUCK! Can I have 3 seconds of peace? Guess not. One quick story. I talked to my brother today. Turns out that a friend of his in Germany has this godmother named "Gigi" who is this like, well-known actress in NYC. My brother's friend talked to his godmother and explained my position. She is 60 years old and has been living as an actress in Manhattan for over 40 years. Supposedly, she has never worked any other job but acting, and has totally made money and supported herself. I have to call her in the am and set-up a dinner appointment with her for either this weekend or early next week. HOW EXCITING, RIGHT? I spoke with this godson today. His name is Chris. He was very cool on the phone and told me that she is this incredible lady and knows every agent and connection in NYC. I am hoping that she is really going to help me out and get me on my way. Wow. Will definitely write more about this in the morning. GAH! Everyone at work has just officially stepped on my last nerve. I just went storming into the administrator's office and was forced to act like a cunt. Why do people make me do that? Ugh. FUCKING PHONE! Alright...I must go. I have nothing productive to say right now except that I may kill some well-meaning Jews. ;) Peace Jigs.

 Oh! One more thing. Remember last Thursday when I wrote the story about the hornet landing on my eyeball? Well... I am standing at the volleyball court on Saturday, when I notice a mosquito buzzing around my head. When I go to swat at it, suddenly it zooms in and lands on my eyeball. AGAIN! Two species of bugs have landed on my eyeball within days of eachother. Um. Can that stop? It hurts when they do that.

 I am get-ting so hot, I wanna take my clothes off............ Okay...work is fucking out of control today. The phone has yet to stop ringing, the amount of students pouring in through the door represents only one thing...INSANITY! I am sweating, I think. I have been running around like a crazy person. Ari is out today and while I fully support her taking time off to do whatever she needs to do, I am here alone and am starting to drown. Luckily I am leaving for lunch in a couple of minutes, so that should give me some time to clear my head. My co-workers promise me that it won't be this crazy for the whole week, but what do they know? They aren't sitting at the front desk selling Rosh Hashana tickets. On the plus side, the day is FLYING by. I can't believe it is almost 2pm. It's all good. This weekend in the Pocono's was one of the best weekends I have had all summer. Without a doubt. Rita and I both fully enjoyed ourselves. We spent about 98% of it getting drunk and laughing and running around like mad people. In total, there were 9 of us there. All 6 girls (me included) and three of the 6 boyfriends. The guys I met were fucking amazing. These girls have really secured hotties with great personalities. Okay...they weren't all hotties, just Nina's. FUCK! That girl has the hottest boyfriend this side of hot. And he was the one boyfriend that I spent most of my time talking to. What a gem! lol gem. What am I? A granny? Friday night, everyone passed out pretty early, cept for a small group of us that decided to get a game of "Spoons" going. It was fucking fun. And I won. Hee. Saturday, the girls (me not included this time)_made a huge breakfast for all of us. We housed, then went to the lake to play a couple games of volleyball and bocce ball. All the while chugging beers and laughing our tits off. At one point, I went to tickle Rita's nose with a feather (from a dirty, west nile infected pigeon) when I accidently rubbed it all over her tongue. Oops. It was PRETTY funny. Saturday night we had the fucking best meal, then played a trivia game that Rita and I had previously prepared. We were the most popular for this game. The girls LOVED it. Then we all got ready and went out to this really nice bar that was having Karaoke. Everyone sang and went out of their minds. Then Rita and I took the crew to Baby Boomers Dance Club. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Baby Boomers . Rita and I soon realized that we were the only ones from NYC when we danced a little more insane then everyone else. You know that Khia song: "My neck, my back, lick my pussy and my crack"? Well...they played that as we were walking in and then right after it, they played "My neck, my back, lick my cock and my sack". It was PRETTY great. We stayed up real late and then all passed out somewhere around 4:30am. Got up again at 9am for breakfast and talks. Ended up leaving at 1pm. Very sad to go. It was so amazing. So much better than I had anticipated. And so much better then I ever thought it could be. I miss these girls with my heart. I miss having a group of people like this. 6 people makes it so that there really aren't any problems. You can fight with one and still be part of the group. It's hard to do that with 3. And even harder to do that with 2. :-D So....(big sigh) it's over. We are going to try to plan another get together for sometime in a couple of months. Rita is in charge this time. The condo that we ended up staying in was so fucking beautiful. The rooms were huge and everything was just PERFECT! It all ended up being totally affordable. Everything really went flawlessly. No problems. I, for the first time in my life, have no complaints. I spent last night dogsitting. Well, housesitting. The dog comes back into my life tonight. God I hope it's not bleeding out of its' vergina anymore. That is so sick. Gotta see if I can clean up this bitch's apartment too. It's just so trashed. Last night on Road Rules ....which by the way was the most amazing episode of the whole season so far! There is one line in it that was so fucking funny that I literally spit out what I was drinking. The new girl, Raquel, was talking about the challenge. They had to eat like all of this fucked up stuff. Like cow brains, cow testicles, etc. The trick was that the girls had to make it and the guys had to eat it. They ate and puked like every bite, but eventually accomplished it. When it was the girls turn, the boys had to make them vanilla smoothies out of cow testicles and some other nasty shit. Raquel says to the camera: "I'm worried about this challenge. I mean, I am really hungry, but not for cow penis." It made me SHIT myself. Wait until you hear her say it. It's by far the funniest line on the planet! And she is adorable. Bye Sarah, hello Raquel. Welcome. One other note...about a couple weeks ago, I wrote that Shane, the gay one on Road Rules , was wearing my bathing suit in one scene. Well last night, Rachel, the lesbian, was wearing one of the polo shirts I own from Urban. I mean, for real?!?!?! What is the deal with gays all buying the same clothes? ugh. No wonder people call me fag on the bus. You can tell by the clothes I wear! Who knew. Ok...seriously typed this in 10 minutes. Got to get back to work, but these were the things I just HAD to write about today. pth.

 urlLink HAPPY HALLOWEEN! FUCKING YAY! I think it is possible that Halloween is my favorite holiday of all time. There are no pressures, no relatives to see, no presents to buy...just good old fashion candy, costumes, and scary movies! What could be any better than that?? Tonight, Rita, Kelly and I will be going to Jake's for drinks. There we will drink and laugh and talk and probably SCARE eachother. Cuz how can you have a Halloween with no scares? Following this, we will then move over to the Gin Mill where we will drink and laugh and talk and SCARE again! After this we will go home to watch urlLink Rocky Horror ! Memble yesterday how I said that Kelly had something up her sleeve as far as Rocky Horror was concerned? Well! Rita and I woke up this morning to see the Rocky DVD sitting on our kitchen table. This ADORABLE roommate of mine went out and bought the DVD for our house. I mean, really! Is she the fucking best or what??? I woke up this morning and had literal butterflies from being so excited. Am I serious?? It's just Halloween, but to me it's my birthday! My 26th birthday. Work has been a beast in typical Halloween style. I have never met a group of students that are so damn needy. I just had a guy in here that I swear was dressed as a baby. At least that was how he was acting. Then there is this other girl (Ari, it's Dina) that just told me that she was going to "Ladie's" night at a lesbo bar. Um! That is totally cool if she would just admit that she was a lesbian! But she will never. I even caught her looking at a girl's ass recently. I feel sorry for people that feel trapped inside their straight persona. Especially when the person is fucking amazing. As Dina is. So I just smile and say, "Have fun!" when I know that deep down she will be having more fun than she will ever let on. pth. Last night I opened up my Bible and read me some verses. Haven't even cracked my Bible in years. The feeling I had when I started to read was so overwhelming that I physically and emotionally felt small miracles begin to work. I have been begging for months for God to talk to me. Then I go and open up my Bible and lo and behold...God talks to me. It was such a powerful experience for me that I felt like a MORON for not having opened it sooner. I have ear marked the passage that I read and will be commenting on it in more detail this weekend. Sorry for those of you who hate Bible/God talk. It's just such a huge part of my life. Wait until you read what I read. This Saturday night, Rita is taking me to a party for Jane magazine. She got an invite in the mail and she is allowed to bring one person. That person is going to be me! I might even wear a tie. Fun right? si mama. Paul has been so adorable lately. Every phone call he makes to me is filled with nothing, but understanding and support. So, today, to reward him for being so perfect, I ripped his face off with my acid tongue. oops. Why do I do that?? He even said: "Joe, why are you lashing out at me? Why can't we just have things stay good for awhile?" I was so embarrassed that I then put on my fake voice and was like: "Well, you go and have yourself a Happy Halloween!" "Yeah! I love you too!" Yeah! I MISS YOU TOO!" Man, I was so annoying. I hung up with him, went and had a smoke and then called him back after I had returned to my desk. He wasn't there. So of COURSE now I feel like a raging douchebag. Why do I act like that? Why am I mean to him for no reason some times? Am I not comfortable with things going well? GAH! STOP IT JOE! STOP IT RIGHT FUCKING NOW! i thtopped it. i better now. HI RANDY! What else? My phone is STILL dead at my apartment. At this point, I have considered bringing home some heavy duty cans from work that I will connect by a very long, durable string. Kelly and Rita can take it with them when they go to work and I will keep the corresponding can at home. That way I can call them up and ask them to bring me home pizza sometimes. I think it's a pretty good idea. and I just love pizza. Alright...have to jump on some projects that need to be done by 5pm. Love me because I am beautiful. Or hate me because I act like a lunatic sometimes. Poor Paul. How does he possibly put up with me?

 Went to the West End for lunch and ate me some spicy wings. They weren't too terrible. I did have the waitress bag them up so I could take them home and devour them fat ass style. Just couldn't allow myself to slobber all over the table. Read the Village Voice and found some possible theater outlets. MMMMM...actually only found 2, but that is two more than before lunch. Again actually...one of them I already knew about, but the that still leaves me with 1 outlet! YAY OUTLET! What to watch on tv tonight. My choices are the following: 1) Predator 2. (wish it was the first one, but can't complain as there is not much to watch anyway) 2) The Bachelor (otherwise known as "The show of garbage") 3) Amazing Race 3 Most likely will watch the "Amazing Race" since it provides the least amount of mental commitment. 10pm is South Park and lately I have been loving it. 10:30pm, MTV debuts a new show about real life crimebusters. What type of crimes you say? Oh, well you know...the crime of cheating on your girlfriend. The cameras then follow this "evil-doer" and busts him on National Television. Wow. Looks like I am going to be up really late tonight watching trash on tv. GO ME! I got a wonderful email today from one of my readers. Here is what it said: "Hi Joe, Did I see an answer to prayer in today's post? I hope you find a peace in the center that let's you make all the changes. (Insert Reader's Name) PS. I'm a pastor. But I read blogs after work. And I suppose that I read yours because you're the age of my sons and you write so darn well that even when you're in the depths of despair, you describe it well. And I truly hope you find God faithful." Beautiful, right? I wish all of my readers could have such class and insight. I truly enjoy each email I get from this reader. Thank you to (insert name here) from the bottom of my heart. I will definitly hold onto my belief in God and Jesus. They are there for me whether I conciously realize it or not. Rita said something very insightful the other night concerning the whole sprituatlity struggle I am having. She said: "Praying to God is not like a genie in a bottle. You can't rub it and expect your prayers to be answered like wishes." Well, that is mostly what she said, if not verbatim. She is right. I expect God to pick up the phone and tell me exactly what to do. In the past I have had such strong responses from God that I almost feel as though he is a genie in a lamp. I need to realize that this is clearly not the way that this thing works. If all else fails, I could probably start fasting for a couple of days. Delirium tends to bring on some major God induced clarity. I will wait to see if my new ideas pan out or not before I go to that level. Alright enough. The wings in my stomach are starting to flutter. Looks as though I will be going on a mini-vacation. To the bathroom that is. PEACE!

 Joe Cut the Shit will be working at the GAP! Or Banana Republic. One of em. I hope! I am now looking for a part-time job. Ugh. But it has to be done. I am going on my lunch break to drop off a few applications. I am not necessarily excited to be working retail, but at the same time, it gets me out of my house and that is a plus! Wish me luck! Hopefully I will get to wear a headset. Oh, that's Old Navy. But still! Maybe I can bring in my own headset and if customers ask me where this season's best cashmere is, I can fiddle with my headset, wince from the static that I am picking up, and then nod my head as I tell the customer that it is along the back wall. :-D YAY! WHAT FUN! And I will get a discount and buy all my future clothes there. And, yeah. That's about it. One more day to Halloween! I just love this holiday. No pressures to do anything too big. I never even dress up! In fact, I will probably wear a tie tomorrow and when people ask me who I am going as, I will say: "Myself, but handsome!" Kelly, Rita and I are supposed to go out for drinks at either Jake's Dilemma or the Gin Mill. Two very great, very cheap, and very fun bars. They have Megatouch even! After we get soused...sick...I am never saying soused again. The way it echoed in my head was hideous! After we consume a few libations, we will then go home to watch the Rocky Horror Picture Show. Kelly and I watched it last year and we are thrilled to be welcoming Rita into our new tradition. Last year we ordered dinner from this restaurant that we love, called La Locanda. Depending on how much money we spend this year on sousing, (hee), maybe we can splurge and order from their again. I always get the Margherita Pizza and Caesar Salad. Kelly gets the chicken paillard. Last year, she changed her order on the chef and he got angry and sent all of her food to our house piled on top of eachother. It was one giant lump. Kelly got angry, called the chef back and he re-sent her her dinner. He even put a spooky gravy on her mashed potatos! SIKE! Kelly wishes. We then sat and sang along with the movie while shoving our faces. It was quite a fun evening. Kelly looked earlier today and saw that it is showing on VH1 at 12am. UM! That is a little late for this Joe. She told me that she would figure it out, so I think she has something up her sleeve. Either way, I am excited about the event. A holiday with no stress. Is there really such a thing? Ari is out today at a funeral. Please send her an email to let her know that you are thinking of her. My heart goes out to you P! If I don't piss soon, my bladder is going to kill me spooky style. Latas.

 urlLink OH MY GOD! I AM GASPING IN HORROR AT THIS!

 I just stopped over to visit my friend Adam at urlLink Kansas City Dreaming and saw that he had written about this girl named Karyn. You are going to DIE when you see who "Karyn" is and what she is doing on her website. I am SO jealous and also a little annoyed. Why didn't I think of this idea first? You MUST go to urlLink Save Karyn.com I am stunned!

 Today is the first day of the rest of my life. Or some cliche as equally irritating. I feel better today. I feel much better. I woke up and was ready to tackle the day. I felt like some of the weight that I have been needlessly carrying on my shoulders has finally lightened up a bit. You see it all started with a house meeting about the move to Manhattan. I think Kelly, Rita, and I all felt a bit of nervous tension going into the meeting. We all want what we want out of the situation and I don't think that any of us thought that we would be able to compromise and still be happy. Kelly immediatly said that the move to Manhattan was just as much an impossibility for her as it was for us. Sigh of relief by Rita and Joe. Kelly then said that she wanted to still move and as soon as possible. She wants to re-locate to Brooklyn. Rita and I had thought about it during the day yesterday. I decided that I thought it was a wonderful idea if only we could wait until after the New Year. Rita seemed to jive with this idea as well, although she did say that she wants to live in our apartment in Queens for the rest of her red-headed life. SIKE! But she don't mind staying for awhile longer. After all of us said what we wanted out of the situation, we agreed that we would start feverishly looking for a new place come January 2nd. We would hopefully be able to give our landlord notice and be in our new apartment on or around 2/1/03. Pretty exciting! Brooklyn will be better for us. It will be filled with less Latinos and more gays! I wish. The places we are looking at will be filled with people of all shapes, colors, and sizes. It's pretty great! Also, we will be SO much closer to Mariah, which is a HUGE plus for me. AND the West and East Villages are right around the corner! ROCK! After this decision, the three of us sat around talking about other business. At one point, I just lost it and started crying. I explained that I have been feeling so horribly down these days and that I really feel like I am losing my grip. I talked about God, acting, my lack of happiness... Both Rita and Kelly had such smart and intuitive advice. I listened to each of them with such intensity. I felt my life changing right before my eyes. Because, as they put it, it is up to me to change my life. To take more risks. To make it what I have always wanted it to be. I was especially encouraged by what Kelly had to say. I tend to be very hard on her at times because she does things that I only wish I could do. She takes risks and as an actor AND human being, I need to be able to let go and do that. Since I want my life changed so badly, why am I not extending myself and trying to achieve it? It's time. After Rita went to bed, Kelly and I stayed up a bit longer and discussed working together on this theater project she has been kicking around in her head. In the past, when she has talked about it, I always dismissed doing anything with it for a number of reasons. After we dissected a few conversations that we have had in the last month or so, we both realized that maybe working together on this "piece" would be not only beneficial, but creatively exciting! I shared my feelings on the project and she seemed to like what I had to offer. Tonight, aside from working on some cover letters and monologues, I am going to read the play she has picked. I never thought that I would be so READY to get going on something. This is that SOMETHING that I needed. I will report more on this at a later date, but for now, I am just excited to go home and read a new play. A play that I am going to help produce! Wow. Was last night the night that changed my life? I plan on also contacting my friend Mariah and asking her if she will give me voice lessons. Then I am going to research and join an acting class. These three endeavors combined with working my full-time job and potentially new part-time job could be the schedule I have been dying to have. It's time for Joe to stop sitting around feeling horrible. I have a course of action and I need to pursue it. Maybe my prayers have been answered after all. God...I hope so. Just think...if I can start implementing this routine into my life AND I have Paul here with me...what else could I possibly lack? I am sure I will think of something, but for now, I am just plain excited. Thank you to Kelly and Rita for letting me release last night. I really needed it. I was about at the point of internal combustion. I KNEW there was a reason why they are my best friends.

 Just back from lunch. What a miserable day it is outside. I have had a chill in my bones since I woke up this morning. Can't get rid of it for the life of me. Having a house meeting with my roommates tonight to discuss the move to Manhattan. We have decided that we will NOT be moving onto the island, but Kelly still wants to try to find a place in Brooklyn. Should prove to be an interesting conversation tonight. My house phone has been dead for a week. That will be the other issue we discuss. While the phone needs to be fixed asap, it has been VERY nice not having to listen to it ring every five seconds. Tomorrow I am going part-time job hunting. Hoping to get a very respectable job at the Gap or Banana Republic. Has my life really sunk this low? Man. Seems like I will never crawl out of this ridiculous money hungry, no creative outlet rut I have gotten myself into. Once again I ask God... Where are you?

 urlLink This doll wants to get fucked

 Just want this pit in my stomach to go away. :(

 The weekend is officially over. Only when Paul comes to visit does the weekend fly by so incredibly fast. I mean, he got here last Wed. night and before I even had a chance to fully enjoy him, he was packing his shit to leave. Once he walked out the door, I felt as though I had been punched in the gut. My happy little world came crashing down on my broken little heart. :( This weekend was by far one of the best weekends we have ever had together. The only time we even SORT OF fought was on Thursday night when we were hanging out with Rita. Even that was over within minutes. During the rest of the time, we were a team. We were laughing and hugging and sitting in eachother's laps at every possible moment. I didn't want to spend one second away from him. I felt happier than I have in a long time. Comfortable and happy. Man, having him leave fucking SUCKS!!!!!! Friday night we went out to dinner. Saturday night we went to Mariah's show and it was BOMB! She was absolutely phenomenal. Her voice is like something from out of this world. After the show, Paul and I went to this incredibly expensive hotel for drinks. We hung with Mariah's family and friends from Boston and Albany. I met so many people and really had the time of my life. So many of the people there wanted to meet me and get to know me. I felt like I was actually SHMOOZING for the first time in two years. I miss those days alot. I felt like I was a part of the Oswego Theater department again. :-D I had shots bought for me. I had drinks handed to me one after another. I got hit on by one of Mariah's sisters' friends. THAT was hysterical. Man. It's hard to capture it all in here without going on and on... It was a night I will never forget. Paul and I went up to Mariah's hotel room at like 2:30am and smoked some bowls. I got WASTED and forced myself to puke in the bathroom. That was a definite highlight. Mariah has this friend Joanna, who I think is just about the tops! I spent at least 2 hours talking to only her at the end of the night. Sometimes you meet people who are so in tune with you, it's like destiny. Joanna will fit in WONDERFULLY with my friends. I am glad to have her on board. Mariah made me immensely proud on Saturday night. I still get choked up thinking about it. Or maybe I am just choked up cuz I miss Paul so deeply. I don't know what it is. He has visited so many times before and I have never felt this deeply affected by the separation. He is having a hard time finding a decent apartment in the city. I am nervous that it won't work out by 12/1. I NEED him here now. For my sanity and our happiness. I have never loved or been loved this hard by anyone in my entire life. This kid is it.

 YOU WILL LOVE THIS! Guess the song! urlLink HOTT TUNE!

 Just ate 2 hot dogs for lunch. BARF! They were good and all, but now my insides are doing somersaults. Joe Cut the Shit is about to really go cut the shit in the baffroom. ouch. Wanna hear something totally annoying? ... ... well? I am waiting... ... ... fine, fuck you then, I will tell you anyway. I went to this porn site last Friday and subscribed to 3 days free. They told me to cancel before the 72 hour period ended and I would not be charged. I cancelled my subscription within 48 hours, of course. I even sent them an email ensuring that I wouldn't be charged the $40 fee. I got an email back yesterday that said that I was all set. No fees would be given. Today I go to the bank and check my statement at the ATM and wouldn't you know it, they fucking charged me anyway. RAWR! So I come back to work and I make the call to the home office of this porn site (btw, I do it right as I am sitting at my desk and in front of Rabbi's). I explain the situation and the representative is like: "We can't take the fee off because you didn't cancel it in time." I say: "Oh yes I did, and I have the email to prove it and the site totally sucked anyway." I'm like: "The guys on it are nasty!" He laughs and says: "Fine, I will credit your account." HMPH! SCORE ONE FOR JOE! Paul asked me last night how I ended up getting such a big mouth. "You weren't this bold when I met you", he said. "NYC makes you a fucking asshole", I said. "Bullshit. I will not be an asshole when I move here. You are just a crazy person", he said. "(LOL) But Paul, you were already an asshole to begin with!", I said. Paul glowers for a bit. Then I say: "And you know what else...you have no idea how hard it is too live in this city." He cockily laughs in my face as though I have no idea what I am talking about. I punched him in the mouth and then went to look at some more porn. sike. I can't wait till he moves here. Every time he struggles with anything, I am going to say: "TOLD YOU SO!" and then pull out my dick and make him suck it. :-D Have a great weekend y'all, if I don't stop in here again. MWAH!

 I was just standing outside of UFM, smoking a cigarette with Rita, when the weirdest thing happened. We were standing pretty close together, for warmth, I suppose, when this RANDOM old woman, looks me directly in the eye and walks over to stand RIGHT in front of us. But with her back turned to us. I mean, she was less than 12 inches from us and she just stood there. Just stood there. Seriously. She just stood there for about 1 minute and then she walked away. WHAT?? WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAT? It was so WEIRD! In other news... check out this funny shit: urlLink Black People Love Us HAHAHAHAHA!

 Yesterday was quite the day, let me tell you. Ari took me over to the doctor's and I had a few things checked out. Got some more shots and spent two hours with people who are much sicker than me. :( It was nice to be with Ari and to have her be with me for moral support. I think I may be finally getting better. Physically I mean. Emotionally I am still a basket case. ha! Last night at around 11:30pm, I was laying in my bed ALONE and thinking about how I was going to tell Paul that he had screwed up for the last time. I was really hurt that he didn't show up. I decided to have one more smoke before bed and when I was half way through it, I heard the doorbell ring. Kelly quickly went to get him and within minutes my boyfriend, looking fucking ADORABLE, came into my bedroom. I screamed: "YAY!". He burst out laughing and immediatly threw his bag down and jumped into bed with me. We laid there, me naked, him fully clothed for about an hour, just laughing and telling eachother about our week. He was so cute I couldn't stand it. Eventually I ate a burrito and he ate a can of baked beans. Yes, the room reaked of sweat and fart this morning. BLECH! We went to bed around 2:30am and I held him for most of the night. Slept so well. Didn't wake up once. I felt so content being in bed with my boy. It just makes everything better, you know? Really can't wait for him to move here permanently on December 1st. Tonight we are going to happy hour with Reets. Tomorrow it's back to the doctor and then apt. hunting. Paul is now going through 2 different brokers. The woman who is his boss at the internet company he works at in Boston, who also happens to be Mariah's old nannying boss, hooked him up with this amazing agent. She has places lined up for him. It is going to cost a bit of money, but they have it and need the help. I am really excited for him. Tomorrow night we will probably go out to the bars. Kelly's good friend Ingrid has a show at this bar in the city. She will be performing 7 songs. It's quite exciting! Mariah has a show on Saturday night too. It is so weird for them both to have a show in the same weekend. Kelly invited Paul and I to go to Ingrid's show, but it looks as though we won't be going. Paul isn't too happy about spending the whole weekend watching people sing. The kid has no tolerance for artists. Unless it's me. So this homeless guy on the subway this morning randomly struck up a conversation with this business man. The business man was reading a book called "Smart Squash" and the homeless man says "Is squash like tennis?" The business guy ignores him and then the homeless man goes: "SCUSE ME! SCUSSSSSSSSSE ME! IS SQUASH LIKE TENNIS???" The business guy puts down the book and is very polite to homeless man. "Yes, it is like tennis, but it is much different, and in my opinion, much more difficult." Homeless: "Do you win when you play?" Business: "Not usually. Like I said, it is a very difficult game and I usually lose." Homeless: "Your attitude sucks! To be a winner, you have to think like a winner! Look at me...(at this point, I open my eyes to look at him as well) I play to win. I never lose." (I smile to myself and think... oh really ...) Business: "Well yes. You must have the right attitude in everything you do. It is important to stay positive and to pursue new challenges. It changes you as a person and ultimately..." Homeless: "Yeah man. YEAH MAN! LIKE IF YOU'RE A CRACK WHORE. THEN BE THE BEST CRACK WHORE IN THE BUSINESS!" Business: "Um, not exactly. I think it might be two different..." Homeless: "AND IF YOU ARE A BABY KILLER...BE THE BEST BABY KILLER OUT THERE!" Business: "Wow. No, that is not what I was saying. I don't know if..." Homeless: "WE GOT EACHOTHER BRO. WE GOT EACHOTHER! I KNOW WHERE YOU COMIN FROM. IN ALL YOU DO, DO IT WELL." Business: "I, er...eeee...yikes, um...whoa." Homeless: "DID Y'ALL HEAR THAT? THIS GUY AND I AGREE THAT IF YOU ARE A CRACK HEAD, JUST BE AN HONEST CRACK HEAD. THERE ARE CRACK HEAD ROBBERS AND CRACK HEAD NICE PEOPLE. BE A CRACK HEAD NICE PEOPLE!" At this point we arrive at my subway stop and business man and I get off at the same time and I swear his face is so red and flushed. Everyone else on the train seems to be looking at business man and wondering why HE caused such a ruckus. Poor guy. He was just trying to learn some new tips about "Smart Squash". Right now I am going to UFM to buy myself some bread and butter. Why am I craving that today? I am also so thirsty that I want to chug a lug at least 13 diet cokes. Unfortunatly, every time I drink soda before 12pm, the housekeeper in my building somehow finds out and scolds me over and over. "If tu' mamita was here, you would drink no soda! Only juice! Tu' mommy knows best. Let mommy get you someting good." I always nod my head and say: "I know" and act all disappointed in myself. Then she goes and gets me juice. During the last two days, the juice she has given me has been so rank that I have gagged on the first sip. It has seriously gone bad. When she isn't looking, I run to the sink and dump it, pretending as though I have slurped down every last foul sip. Time for bread, smoke, and soda! What a good day it is shofar.

 WOO HAH!

 MY BROTHER JUST CALLED!!!!!!!! It was absolutely amazing to hear from him. He has been out in the field doing all these weird ARMY maneuvers for the past 4-5 weeks and it is impossible for him to ever get to the phone. Imagine my surprise when I answered the phone just know to find out that he was able to call. We had a GREAT conversation and it just lifted my spirits to heights unknown. He is coming home for Christmas and I can't wait. Do you think it's gay incest if I snuggle with him during his entire visit at home? Yes. Yes it is Joe. But I just want to spend every possible second talking to him, laughing with him, hugging him, and loving him. He is my boy and I will always consider him to be my bestest friend on this earth. You know, in that brother - brother type way. :-D Man, I miss him so much. He will be back to his apartment on November 6th. (big sigh) I just got back to work having had lunch with my boss. While the lunches always go very well, I have to admit that I am happy that I don't have to go again for at least another couple of weeks. I love how DORIS the asshole walks by my computer staring at what I am typing only to be totally busted by the rear view mirror I have on my computer. I can see what she is doing even when my back is turned. Stupid ass. YES DEBBIE! You are a STUPID ASS! Or are you reading this right now? ARE YOU? THEN KNOW THAT YOU ARE FUCKING UGLY! DEBBIE YOU ARE UGLY! Okay, she's gone now. But really...if she is going to stare at my computer then fuck it if I am going to let her not think that I don't know about it. You have rosacea you ugly ugly woman. I hate u. Okay WHOOO! Sorry bout all that. Just had to rip her face off while she was standing here. Had 2 glasses of wine at lunch. My throat is still killing me, but drinking does make it better. How does that happen? Rita mentioned that maybe my sinus's are draining into my glands. I think she could be right. I will have to check that out when I am alone tonight in my bedroom. Don't ask how I will do it. Just understand that I WILL do it. Okay, time to go write my friend Randy. It's been two days since he has heard from me and I need to send him a shout! Latas...

 I was just standing in the elevator by myself and I realized that if I pull up my pants as high as possible, I can give myself the most beautiful camel toe ever seen. It was quite exciting. Will have to show Rita later. So although I still feel like I want to kill baby bunnies, I am back at work and trying once again to get through the day with more style and grace than I did yesterday. I refuse to allow my journal to become some angry, bitter bitchfest. Yet, if that's how I am feeling every day, how can I possibly deny it? For some reason, my right ankle has a problem today. It feels like I chipped a bone or something. Now, understanding that I have done minimal to no exercise in the last couple of days, so how is it possible for me to have chipped a bone? Maybe I did it on the subway? Maybe while I was shoving pizza into my face last night? Hell. Maybe I did it while I jerked off last night. My masturbatory fantasy was based on circus acrobats, so that makes a bit of sense. In about 2 hours I get to go have lunch with my boss. He forces this on me every couple of months and I am DUHREADING it. He is a nice guy and all and he will buy me lunch, but UGH! I hate giving up my only hour of bliss during the day. Especially for anyone I work with. Guess what? I use pomeade in my hair now instead of gel. My throat is still raging against my machine. It's fucking so annoying. Specially if it is something serious. I am super finished with this gladular problem I got goin. Please GO THE FUCK AWAY already! Last night I was watching the show "Crank Yankers", which if you haven't seen, see! It's pretty fucking hilarious. Last night, there was a skit on there that was done by urlLink Sarah Silverman . If you don't know who Sarah Silverman is, then find out! She is BY FAR the funniest lady on the planet. She is raw, real, and so clever that I can't possibly sit and watch anything she does without uriniating all over my bedroom rug. Hence my need to go home and shampoo my carpet tonight. Everything about her is great. I hate comediannes as a general rule, but this girl...now this girl...yeah this girl! Please familiarize yourself with her work. Tonight is another episode of the shit Real World. Maybe Steven will die tonight. On his tombstone it will read: "I fucked up MY LIFE." God I hate him. What else? Already talked about my sore throat, my ankle, my sarah silverman, hmmmmmmmm................ Is it wrong that I want to go home and get blisteringly drunk tonight? Um, did I just say "blisteringly" drunk? You see, although I have the worst gladular pains possible, I feel otherwise great! Why should I not drink? Oh gad. Probably going to be another night of shoving my face with soup and sleeping. gad. This morning as I was leaving for work, Kelly informs me that at like 5:30am the police came with a warrant and tried to bust into our house. She said that they were pounding on her bedroom door (this door connects to the outside) and showed her a photo of the guy they were trying to arrest. After a bunch of hullabaloo and crazy antics, they ended up climbing through our kitchen window to get through to our backyard. The guy lives underneath us. (we live on the first floor. He lives in the basement.) Fucking what? Kelly tells me that Rita woke up and the two of them sat and watched out the window like two crazy old women. How did I possibly sleep through all of this? I miss all the fun! Oooh! One more thing... If you live in NYC, this will affect you. As you may or may not know, the MTA (Metropolitan Transit Authority) will be raising the subway/bus fare $.50. This means that each ride will now cost the commuter $2.00! UM! Outrageous! First it was the cigarettes. Now it's the metrocard. This city is going to kill us all. or at least make us all poor and hungry, but with great calf muscles from walking everywhere. If you think that this increase is completely ludicrous, please go to urlLink Straphangers and read more about it. Also, please consider calling George Pataki himself at 212-681-4580 to voice your opinion. In a Democratic society, such as we pretend to have, nothing will ever change unless we open up our mouths and demand it. I will make my call today. When will you make yours? ouch. My throat hurts. and my ankle too. I am going to write it every five minutes just so none of you forget! Baright. Guess that is it for right now. Paul should be here tomorrow night. ROCK. and ROLL.

 Sorry for being such a negative nancy. I really don't feel well and I am taking it out on my journal so that I don't take it out on anyone else. I think I am doing a damn good job of it as well.

 Came into work feeling pretty ok. Now I am in a FURIOUS mood. How does that happen? Not that I am necessarily angry at anything or anyone in particular. I guess mostly I am just frustrated with myself. I fucking HATE my life. It never goes away. Every Monday morning reminds me that I am miserable in this city. I don't know. No need to dwell on it in here. My throat has closed up shop. I could tell that I was getting the sore throat thing again on Friday night and sure enough, Saturday morning I woke up with the WORST throat ache this side of the Mississippi. I have been sucking on Halls, spraying chloroseptic, and basically just taking it really easy. NO AVAIL! It still hurts tremendously and it is definitly contributing to my bad attitude. This weekend was basically suck filled. Second weekend in a row of suck. Friday night was great. Hung with Mariah and she ended up staying over at my place. That was amazing. She is so much fun and we have a blast together no matter what we do. Saturday and Sunday was filled with nothing. Just me feeling like trash. Our phone is dead for some reason and since no one really cares about it, it will probably stay dead for a week. We think the cord might be the problem. I don't think it's our service. Oh well. Let it rot. I have been doing so much research today as to what auditions are open to me in this city. I have to admit, I am fucking frustrated out of my mind. I can't find anything that is an open call. Most of them you have to send your headshot/resume and hope to hear back from the group. I don't want to keep doing this. I WANT TO BE IN A FUCKING SHOW ALREADY! Damnit. Why is this SO hard? I mean seriously! I just want to audition. Just go to an audition, say a few lines, be told "That was fine" and go home. But where the FUCK do I find these auditions? Tomorrow I will get the Villiage Voice. I will keep checking out my acting websites. Whatever. Whatever I can do just to get my ass in to a role of some kind. God I miss college. I just want to act. It's a pretty simple thing. FUCK! Whatever. Can't talk about this anymore. Paul will be coming into town on Wed. I am pretty excited to see him. Actually I am THRILLED to see him. It has been so long. I am thinking that we will spend a good portion of his visit with him and I hanging by ourselves. I want all of the time he is here spent laying next to me in my bed. Maybe going out to a nice dinner. Or catching a movie. Or something. I need some Paul time. Seriously. If I don't break this unlucky streak soon, I am probably going to take a knife to my chest. Just feel so horribly down. GOD! The word HATE does very little to describe how fucking fed up I am with my station in life.

 30 minutes until my weekend starts! BOOOOOOOO WAH! Tonight I think I am going to be hanging with Mariah. It's been 5 weeks since I have last seen her. UM! She lives in Brooklyn and I live in Queens. THAT'S the reason I haven't seen her. Ridiculous, huh? We try to spend at least an hour or two a week on the phone, but not seeing eachother is just ridiculous. Her housemates refuse to ever take her out to the lesbo bars, so tonight I will meet her on the Upper East Side, we will have dinner, run some errands, and then attack the lesbian scene. Poor thing works all the time and is stuck going out "straight" every day of her life. Tonight that changes! Tell me one thing that is more unsatisfying than a can of soda that is flat the minute you crack it open? So Edward has just written me an email. I quickly wrote him back. What is the deal with him? I haven't heard from him in months and I have really been wondering what his deal is. Man, he is like this constant reminder of my past. The whole thing makes me feel weird inside. He has the link to this journal so I can never be fully honest about what I am feeling about him. I miss him. That's what I know. I think about him alot. Ah well...I gotta jet. Time for pizza, naps, and then fun! PEAYCE!

 At 5pm yesterday, I walked out of my office building to find that Paul was NOT waiting for me. He was nowhere to be found. Rita and I got on the subway and went home. There I sat, drinking a beer and starting to get extremely worried. Why hadn't he called? Even once!?!?! At around 7:30pm the phone rings and I answer it. Paul says: "Hi." I say: "Where have you been? Why haven't you called?" Paul: "SORRY! God! I forgot my phone and the broker took us around the city in cabs and there was no way for me to call you." I: "There is no excuse. You were supposed to pick me up at work and then you never showed up, you never called, you never contacted me at any point to let me know what was going on. I am fucking furious with you and I have been stressed out for the last 5 hours!" Paul: "Whatever. I didn't make it. I said sorry." I: "GOD! Alright...enough. I don't want to talk about this shit anymore. But you fucked up big time no matter what you say." Paul: "Did you eat dinner?" I: "No." Paul: "Are you hungry?" I: "No." Paul: "Fine then. I am going to go out to eat with Jen and Lisa and we will swing by your place before we head home." I: "ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?!?!?!?!?!?!:LHKSD:LSHKDF:LK?!?!?!?!?!?!?! You were supposed to pick me up at fucking 5pm! Get your ass in the car and get over here NOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!" Paul: "No! Meet us in the West Village." I: "Omigod. Get here now. I am serious. I am NOT coming back into the city after you ditched me. Get in the car and get over here now Paul. FUCKING NOW!" Paul: "Fine, but we are going to dinner whether you want to eat or not." I: "You crazy fuck just get here!" ---end scene--- Paul shows up at my house at around 9pm. I immediatly jump into his arms and we giggle and kiss eachother all over like two little gay babies. His new roommates were there: Jen, whom we both already know, and this new girl Lisa. They are both incredibly sweet, a bit reserved, but also very very chill. The three of us went to dinner and had an AMAZING meal. We had some wine, laughed, got to know Paul's new roommates, and Paul and I even held hands in a straight restaurant. Instigated by him, I might add. It was an absolutly beautiful evening. After the meal was over, they dropped me off at the house and I asked Paul to come in for a minute or two. We sucked face and just held eachother for a couple of minutes in my kitchen. Then he had to go. My heart was SUCKED out of my chest and I just stood there, paralyzed by the overwhelming two hours that I had with him. It was incredible and sad all at the same time. While Paul and I screamed at eachother all week, the connection we had when we were together was out of this world. It was pure electricity. There were no fights, there was nothing but smiles and happiness. We were in love. Now I am so excited to see him for our long weekend. I know that we have had quite the horrific week, but at the same time it will all prove to be worth it. We are both stressed and we are both going crazy, but hopefully crazy with love. Guess time will tell.

 4:53pm and still no word from Paul. Either way I am annoyed now. If he isn't outside waiting for me when I leave work, I will chop off his nuts. If he is outside waiting for me when I leave work, I will kiss him, then chop off his nuts. Why does he play these stupid fucking games? It's in no way cute. It's purely annoying. Great job again Paul. Boyfriend of the year.

 You know what I just thought... Paul is probably not calling me so that he can come to work and surprise me. Now understand that it is in NO WAY a surprise that Paul is in the city today. But he has a tendency to pull this stupid shit all the time. For example, we will have plans to visit for weeks...then the day he is supposed to come, he will call me to tell me that he can't make it. Of course I FLIP the fuck out and go crazy on him. Then 5 hours later, after my whole day is ruined by his horrible antics, he will show up at my job and go "Surprise!". Um, does anyone else find that at all logical? My boyfriend is a fucking weirdo that hurts me in order to make me happy. Interesting...

 Got my hairs cut cuz Paul is supposed to be picking me up from work. Only problem is that it is 3:45pm and no word yet from Paul. Please God don't let him not call me. If this kid comes to NYC and does not see me, I just might drive to Boston tomorrow and punch him square in the head.

 Kelly just called to tell me that she ran into Darlene (Sarah Gilbert) on the street just now. Kelly looked back to see if it was her and in an odd coincidence, Darlene looked back to see if it was Kelly. WEIRDENS! NYC is PRETTY great.

 Thank you to everyone for sticking by me even though I tend to be a massive psycho on occassion. Imagine dating me! Paul and I talked for a couple of hours last night. We were laughing for most of it. After he had hung up on me for the second time in a row, I gave it twenty minutes and called back and said: "Isn't it adorable how we scream and yell and one of us hangs up, but then just calls back in 20 minutes to scream and yell again?" He was incredibly sweet last night and although we don't see eye to eye on the fights of the last week, we do understand that both of us have such a deep love and sensitivity to the other person that the littlest thing will push us right off the deep end. Randy wrote me an email this morning and brought up something that I think is very interesting. He mentioned that Paul and I seem to have a very dramatic relationship and that we are always dealing with something or other. Now, while this can be true at times, mostly it isn't like this at all. People that read this journal get a partial understanding as to who I am and how I react to things. I come to this journal to write the word "douchebag" and "cunt" and I allow myself to flip out to the point of insanity. In real life, it is rare that I FLIP OUT so intensely. I mean, let's be honest. I have been known to flip out intensely during my life. But not nearly as much as my journal seems to represent. I just like the fact that I can come in here, rant and rave, and walk away feeling a little bit of release. One thing that should always be understood by my readers: "Joe is the best and Paul is the second best". :-D In other news... (again with that "in other news" shit) Last night Rita and I welcomed Kelly home. The two of them made dinner for eachother and I hung out for a bit. It was nice to be reunited, if only for an hour or so. Kelly works non-stop this weekend, so we will not see her again until Sunday when we have our next dinner and pumpkin carving adventure! Fun, right? I think my pumpkin is going to be a bodybuilder. Swedish bodybuilder, perhaps. There is some SHIT going down here at work. Last night there was a HUGE fight that broke out between Ari, myself, and this other woman. If you read Ari's journal, you know her as Doris. Doris is a BEAST! And yesterday I felt that she crossed the line with her attitude. I had already left work and I came back into the office to tell her that I thought she was unprofessional and out of line. When I started telling her this, she didn't like it so much. hahaha who would? But in any case, she FLIPPED and I just kept egging her on. Eventually she comes out of her office and begins screaming at the top of her lungs. Ari tells her to "SHUT UP, there are students here!", but she keeps on screaming. OOOOOOOOOH! FUN! Life is so much better at work when shit is going DOWN! So last night I jerked off for the first time in like 5 days. I thought that it would feel PRETTY good, but it only felt, well... good. But did I pump out about 3 quarts of cum? Yeah. Yeah I did. And I KNOW you were dying to hear that delicious story. Oh! One important thing... Last night, Rita talked to her sister Jeannie for awhile on the phone. Jeannie is getting married in about 23 days and we are all kind of freaking out. It will be the first wedding that I have ever been to in my life. I went to one wedding once, but I didn't know the people and it was totally gaylord. This one though! This one is going to be for my best friend's sister and I actually got my OWN invite in the mail and I get to bring a date! (Paul said no, cuz he feels that "we aren't ready for our big coming out party at a straight person's wedding" - so he gets to not go and I will bring Kelly instead. My other boyfriend) I am TOTALLY STOKED about it. I get to dress up in my nicest ballgown and then I get to eat so much good food and then I get to drink so much champagne and then I think I just realized that this is Jeannie's wedding and not mine. hmph. In any case, Jeannie had asked to talk to me for a few minutes on the phone, so Rita hands it to me and I'm like "HI!" We bullshit for a couple of minutes and then Jeannie does something that totally throws me for a loop. A curve ball if you will. She is like: "I have been reading your journal and I know what you are going through." I act all aloof and I am like: "Oh really? Thanks for thinking of me." Jeannie doesn't accept this answer and dives into a very serious conversation with me about how she feels the same way I do sometimes and how prayer really keeps her strong and and and and... While I wasn't ready for her to go right for my insecurities, I was able to really let go with her and I walked away from the conversation feeling "healed" in some way. I find myself always putting on a front with people. Not in a bad way, just in an "I don't want to really show you my true feelings" way. Jeannie doesn't tolerate that Joe. And that is the reason why I absolutely love her to death. I want (certain) people in my life to call out the stops with me. Even though I don't know her all that well, I know so much about her as does she with me. I like that after she stripped me of my walls, she talked with me about what I could do to make myself feel better. She knew what to say because she truly understood me. Jeannie also believes very furvantly (fervantly? fuhvantly?) in the power of prayer. She informed me that she has been saying quite a few for me these days and that she truly believes that my prayers will be answered. She is a woman of God and I am so thankful to have her on my side. Thank you Jeannie! I love you so much and thank you so much for last night. MWAH! Baright. Just about time for lunch. Time to go slap Rita around for a bit. She is acting all high and mighty today and I think that for lunch she wants a mayonaisse slap. With extra lettuce. :-D

 Didn't make it to get my hairs cut today because received a WONDERFUL email from Paul telling me that he will not be coming to NYC at all tonight. He will be here from 8am-6pm tomorrow. Considering that I work from 9am-5pm that will leave about 15 minutes for us to see eachother. It's been 5 and a half weeks since I have last laid eyes on him. Douche. Fucking douche. Man I hate this. Can he just move here already? I miss him so terribly and these fake visits are really eating away at my insides. When I woke up this morning, although I was frustrated as all hell about this visit, I still thought to myself "At least I won't be sleeping alone tonight." Now of course! Why wake up and rely on anything?!?!?! We spent about 20 minutes on the phone screaming at eachother about why he is such a fucking asshole. And then I spent 20 minutes after that thinking about why I am such a screaming mimi. I JUST WANT TO SEE HIM! I hate not being able to control the world. I need to just relax. He will be here for like 5 days next week. But I really needed to see him for at least a little bit THIS week. But why should I ever need anything from him? He doesn't come through when I do. At least not unless it benefits him in some way. gggggggggggrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR! (growls) It's going to be a pretty lonely night in my bed.

 Well fucking YAY! I am back at work. ugh. Even though I spent most of the day in the doctor's office yesterday, I still find that to be more enjoyable than sitting here in my chair at my extremely unrewarding job. Enough of that talk. What's going on these days... Paul is supposed to come in to town tonight. It's a last minute change on the plans we had. He was SUPPOSED to come here on Thursday and stay until Saturday morning. Because he thought that it would serve HIS purposes better by coming tonight at 11pm and leaving tomorrow at 7pm, that is what will be happening. I was pretty furious last night and in fact, am still upset that he doesn't make any sort of effort to include me into our plans. I mean, he is coming to see ME, right? Very frustrating. The only good thing about all of this is that he will be staying with me from Wed.-Sun. next week. While that is great and will be an extended visit, I have things to do during that time. Oh it's so irritating that even writing about it is driving me crazy. Don't feel like explaining anymore. Let's switch gears. Talked to my friend Randy on the phone for just about 2 hours on Monday night. It was an absolutely great conversation. This guy makes me laugh, makes me question, and also opens me up to things I have never really considered in the past. While we are very different, we are also very much the same. I find myself opening up to him about things that I really should keep quiet about. I think he feels the same. For example...Randy has decided that he is so open minded with his sexual endeavors that he would be willing to.... SIKE! I promised him that I would keep his business out of this journal and I will do just that. But Randy...do you KNOW where I was going with that? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA oh So yeah, I really like this guy. I hope to keep up with him and to bother him with my drunken slobbery every night of the week. BTW...if you didn't see the Real World last night, you really missed out. This cast is so unbelievably irritating that I can't sit still and watch it. I drag my fingernails down my face during just about every scene. Someone kill these people. Steven dies first. Today I need to get my haircut. Did you ever just not WANT to get your haircut? I mean, it sounds like no big deal. Just do it Joe. Stop acting like a baby about everything. But in all honesty, I hate sitting in that chair making stupid conversation until they are done butchering me. See, the problem is that I have Asian hair; pin straight and damn near the worst style to have when it grows out. If put off for too long, my head turns into some sort of spikey beast that, when covered in gel, brutally wounds all those that try to hug me during the day. Oh and by the way. Stop hugging me. That will kill any sort of ridiculous hair comment that might fall out of your mouth when I am trying to avoid your impending hug. Don't touch me. Why is it that some people understand the no touching rule, while others feel that it is their personal challenge to make you comfortable with it? Wow...I hate people, huh? Not really. But sometimes yes. Today I was riding the local train uptown and decided to close my eyes. I have about 9 stops before I have to get off the train. In what seemed to be 2 minutes and 30 seconds, I was already uptown and past my stop for work. I opened my eyes to see my sorry white ass zipping into Harlem. I told Rita that when I opened my eyes, I SWEAR that everyone's face on the train turned from white to black. And also became very angry. Black hemoss. It was a little disconcerting. I quickly switched sides to go back downtown and realized: "I NEVER want to live in Harlem." Never. Harlem is for people who have tough skin. Tough black skin. Astoria is for short in stature latinos. That's why I live there. come esta? Do you know that song "Twisted" by Keith Sweat? It's kind of an annoying song and it seems to be playing on repeat on my computer right now. I am about to "Twist" Keith Sweat's nipples right off. Purple lurple style. Have any of you ever played "Tune in Tokyo" before? If not...this is how you play: Tell a female friend to put her hands on her head so that her elbows jut out from each side of her face. Tell her then twist her body from one side to the other while saying "Boop boop boop boop..." While she is doing that, quickly grab both of her nipples, twisting them and saying: "Tune in Tokyo!" "TUNE IN TOKYO!" Act like you are really scared about getting the right frequency on her nipple radio. That way she can't possibly get mad about you hurting her titties. I mean, you are really trying to culture yourself by listening to Asian music. It's PRETTY fun. Is it wrong that the woman rabbi that I work with has a HOT brother? Is it wrong that he may have caught me looking at his ass? Is it wrong that I was pulling on my dick at the time? Alright Joe. No more crass attitude today. So there is this lady that I work with that just happens to be my programming boss. She is probably my favorite person to work with although I hate her very deeply sometimes. I really have no favorite at work. They all suck. But she sucks the least. Anyway, she has this smarmy way of saying things to me in front of students or other staff members. My new thing... When she says these comments, I then say a MUCH ruder comment back to her and embarrass her in front of the student or staff member. It is childish and sometimes I feel bad when she gets red faced and walks away. But doesn't that mean that she should STOP saying rude shit? I think she WANTS me to make her feel like an asshole. She does. It's just too bad. Cuz I do like her. But I like not being embarrassed better. Okay, that's it. Off to lunch. And to get my fucking hairs cut. I hate it. hate it hate it want to eat pizza and mcdonalds for lunch instead of getting my hairs cut. hate it.

 What a day. Days like today make me stop and think how happy I am to be alive and to be doing what I am doing in NYC. I have had to deal with some very complicated and impossibly difficult situations in the past two years. Sob sob. I know. But really...I havent been happy with who I am, since, well, I graduated college in May 2000. Every day I go through moments that make me want to run to the bathroom and vomit out all the shit that is dragging me down. Very often my alarm goes off at 7:15am and I think to myself Today I will come right home and go to bed. Most of the time, people in my life, in ways that they dont realize, change my perspective and I find myself hanging out and laughing until 9pm that same evening. But when the sadness is too strong...when no one can pull you out of it....when you feel as though you would rather have something awful happen in your life just so that you have a reason to be as down as you are... I want to be an actor. Very badly. I want to have the life I KNOW I could have if I could just get my life together and try. I am so scared. I have never been this scared in my life. I am 25. Its time to make something of myself. Every day I dread the next day. A day closer to me not doing what I want with my life. Change it you say. Stop wallowing in your self-pity and do what you should be doing. Grow up already. While I hate you for thinking that, I agree with you. Its weak and useless to sit in your miserable life and not make any attempt to change anything. I give this advice out to every single person in my life. Why arent YOU doing what you want with your life? Why are you YOU sitting there and letting life stomp on your face? Why? Because I am sitting here doing the same thing. I have moments where I feel deep down that things are going to change. I feel better! I feel strong! I feel alive. Then something happens... The littlest thing. Paul calls and we have a stupid argument. Thats it...home to bed. I have a fight with one of my housemates. Well, cant be an actor now! I have to worry and stress over how to fix this new problem. None of this is anyone elses fault but my own. I know this. I have GREAT days and I have HORRIBLE days. The days that are nothing are wonderful, refreshing, and few and far between. Do you ever feel as though you have too much emotion? Sometimes I feel like I am the only one in the world that feels as deeply about EVERY little thing that happens in my life. Sometimes it makes me go undeniably insane in my head. I know my close friends analyze everything as deeply as I do or we wouldnt have formed the bonds that we have. But even they would admit that they feel alone when it comes to society understanding how deeply affected they, as individuals, are by every moment of their day. If you are reading this right now, odds are that you understand what I am talking about. In my opinion, one of the reasons we read others journals is to find someone else who makes us feel not as alone. Horrible sentence structure, but you understand. I want to be strong again. I want to feel self-confidence. I want the esteem that I had when I graduated college. I was at the top of my game. I always scoffed at those that left college and let their life turn to crap. I mean, SCOFFED. Now, I am worse than any of them ever were. You want to talk about turning your life into crap? Growing up I was always ETERNALLY optimistic. I was THAT gay kid. The one always in a good mood. Hey! Wanna laugh? Come hang with Joe the gay kid. Even when I struggled through the most horrifying moments of my childhood, I found a way to smile and laugh despite. Rita knows this as the Happy Boy Syndrome. One day, all of this optimism ceases and you start to doubt who you are and begin to wonder why you were ever so happy to begin with. I went through a full year of (as only I can understand it) hardcore depression. Prozac, therapy, the whole nine yards. Okay, maybe 7 yards, cuz I wasnt fucking crazy. Just burning myself sometimes. HA~! Right?? Cuz I did that. However, lets talk about being dramatic... Joe burns himself, but sits here today with no scars, minus one POSSIBLE scar that probably happened when I was shoving my face with donuts while taking a shit on the toilet. Oh man. Dont get me started with what a loser I was when I was a fat little happy gay boy. So whatever. I was bad. Kelly was there through all of it and that is where a lot of the understanding in our friendship comes from. She gets the sad part of me. As does Rita... For reasons of her own. For Ritas of her own. giggle snort boof In any case, when I went through that tough time, I lost my optimism. I lost myself. I was sad beyond the point of repair. Optimisim was for fools. It sucked. Cuz that is not me. After the year ended, I got my optimism back. It just kinda happened. My life took some drastic changes (switching majors to theater, coming out of my closet (closet? I had a very EASY coming out of closet experience thanks to surrounding myself with beautiful people prior), and letting my insecurities drop regardless of what anyone else thought-----and I became that optimistic Joe once again. The Joe that had way many more good days than bad days. It was exactly who I wanted to be. Then without realizing it...after college...the bad Joe came back. The Joe that didnt know how to succeed without a handbook. The Joe that allowed himself to dive into a hole too big to climb out of. Now that I am here, I find myself clawing at the side of my (I picture it dirt) hole, making some ground, and before you know it...slipping right back to the bottom. My prayers have been filled with such intense passion and helplessness. I have started to make my way back to God. Its funny... When things are going your way, you have to work even harder to keep the communication lines open with God. Yet the minute things get bad, there you are begging and pleading for an answer. While I have prayed every day my whole life, I see now that I need to do more. That I shouldnt expect him to help me unless I am doing it for him and with him. Its hard to explain if you find yourself atheist or not believing in any sort of determined deity. Its okay. Please. Everyone needs to figure things out in a way that will make sense to them. But I know what I believe. I believe that I need help. I need an answer. I pray, I write in this journal, I talk incessantly to my friends and boyfriend about all of this. Where is my direction? What cant I find MY path??? I am confident that I will find it eventually. How could I live on this earth if I didnt feel this way? Im just scared that I have followed the wrong path up until now. What if I was supposed to be a teacher? What if I was supposed to be in a secure job in a nice suburban city? OKAY WHAT? OKAY...WHOA WHOA WHOA See...even writing those words makes no sense to me. Thats not me. I am meant to be an actor. LOL. I try to sit here and type what my fears ultimately are... But I see the words and I die laughing. I am still optimistic enough to think that I am going to go somewhere with this theater thing. As sad as I get...be a teacher in a suburban school? BOO WAHHHHH!. No no no no no I LOVE me some teachers. But I dont be me some teachers. I hate it, but I am always called back to the horrible adage of: Those who cant do, teach. I do NOT agree with that at all! But I refuse to ever fall into that category. Unless I am 40 and still struggling to get my first audition. Then maybe its time to teach nursery school dickheads. hahahaha you think. Joe be a nursery school teacher? NEVLE! But you know what? I got that knack for kids. It has always clicked with me. I started my own Babysitters Club when I was about 12. Yes, member?...I was gay. I played Ken in the neighboorhood show (that I produced) Barbie and the Rockers. Ok enough. Can this journal be any more self-effacing? Well, if self-effacing is a bad thing. Enough. Time to go to bed. Tomorrow I will not be going to work. I get to suck up my fear and go see a doctor. You see, Joe has something that he has to take care of. Hells if you will ever know what it is... But for those of you who do know.....YIPES~! Hey, Its my own fault and I face it with courage and dignity. Stupid Joe. Stupid Joe. Besides that, I have about 101 Dalmations to figure out tomorrow. No I didnt. Yeah I did. So much to do. I hate using sick days as real life days. Sick days are meant for smoking pot and watching scary movies. Oh yeah. I do that every day anyway. Sick days have now become productive days. It happened HERE folks! Sick days are productive days. Oh yeah again! The reason I had a good day today are because of the following reasons: 1) I acted like a smarmy bitch at work and people seem to respect it and love me more for it. Balright. 2) I had a fight with Paul and he fixed it in two seconds flat by allowing, ONCE AGAIN, me to be a psycho and him to just understand that I am a lunatic. 3) Ritas impromptu invite for drinks at Jakes Dilemma. While I fought to keep a smile on my face all day, tonight I sit with a genuine peace and contentment. My life could change tomorrow. Right around the corner is the little dirt paved road leading to my success. My optimism kicks in and I realize that it is my time. For clarity. Joe will do this yall! Just give me some time. Eventually all of my entries will be about this and that soap opera star that is really gay, but pretends to be straight while on ACCESS HOLLYWOOD. You just wait! Wow. I feel better. Good feeling. I gotta remember this. Write in your journal and by the end, you can once again take on the world. (also Joe...remember to have 3 glasses of wine while conquering the world)

 Barfaria~! I took two aleve about a half hour ago and now they are trapped somewhere between my esophagus and my chest cavity. (cough cough) Get the fuck OUT! Well this Monday is almost over! Thank the Lord in Heaven above. I have spent most of the day researching doctor's as I have to go tomorrow to "get a few things taken care of". Annoying. But also finally! We had a staff meeting this morning that was so fucking boring. That part is business baz usual. But the odd part, I couldn't stop bursting out laughing. I don't know what the deal was. I kept staring my executive director right in the face and then suddenly would just go "BOOWAH!" and die laughing. It was pretty ridiculous. This afternoon I ate McDonalds with Rita for the first time in about 6 months. YuM! But also massive diarehhea. Friday night, Rita and I took her boyfriend out for drinks at this place called The Gin Mill. I had been there a couple weeks ago and I LOVED it! During Happy Hour, the pitchers are $6. The entire bar is half off. Which means that a vodka tonic costs around $3. IT was pretty great! We got plastered and played about a thousand games on Megatouch. Of course I prefer to play Photo hunt Hunks. But we had to play photo hunt Babes for Andy. Then Rita made us play photo hunt General which was pretty difficult. I am much better at finding the missing labia then I am at finding the missing toothpick. You know how it goes. Saturday I watched "Frailty" for the second time, with the Andy and Rita. Second viewing was just like the first viewing. Cept I got to eat some Peanut M'n'M's the second time around. After that I seemed to lay in my bed for the rest of the weekend. Of course I got up to shit and shower. And also to make 3 pounds of chicken. I ate every bite. Sunday was loll around in bed day again, but this time with monologue books shoved up my ass. It was a very productive, horribly anxiety filled afternoon. By 6pm I calmed down a bit, realized that of COURSE I am going to make it as an actor, and then I went back to sleep. I love the weather right now. It's Freezing! Climbing under the covers, cuddling with....oh wait...with no one. Cuz boyfriend lives about 280 miles away. Speaking of Paul... We spent 2 hours on the phone Friday night and it was WONDERFUL. We touched base on a lot of different things. I can't believe I haven't seen his face in 5 weeks! He will be in town on Thursday, with his two future roommates. Yay I get to see Paul. NAY I get to spend all Thursday night with these two girls. And they have to stay at my house which is ULTRA annoying, cuz I don't even know them. Ah well. They can sleep in the living room while Paul and I lay naked in my bed. Hee pth. I think I am going to accompany him back to Boston this weekend. Not sure yet. But it's an idea. Been along time since I have been back there. Alright...I will do my best to write in here later. I have some computer shit to do and will most likely stop in to this to write something a little more interesting than the jargon I just spewed out. Forgive me for the quick nonsense. I wanted to make sure I touched base before I took off to go home. Lovel me!

 It's Friday night and I JU JU JU JU JUSSSSST, got PAID! MONEY MONEY MONEY That is a song. Do you know it??? Shit! I was planning on doing an entry in here, but then I got totally sidetracked by people at work and now I am like typing my ass off so that I can get out of here at exactly 2pm. WOOF! did i just bark? This weekend, Rita's boyfriend is coming into town. We are going out to happy hour and then to night time hour and then to after hours and then to bed. It should be a raging alcoholic good time. I hope so at least. It is POURING today. It is quite miserable outside except I love this kind of weather and I can't wait to spend the whole day in bed tomorrow watching it drizzle down my window. How romantic! Especially since I will be spending it alone. playing with myself of course. how romantic! In any case, gonna grab a slice of pizza on the way home. Already had breakfast of hash browns and toast. I prefer only side dishes for breakfast. Never main courses. What else? Last night I smashed a wine glass in my room so hard (by accident) that it was almost as though it had a stick of dynamite in it. It EXPLODED. I rubbed my dick in it and then laid down for sleep. Rita says I am acting crazy today. I say that I am acting well crazy. I don't know. I am in an exceptionally good mood. Is it because I have no obligations to fill this weekend? Probably. I miss Paul too. I haven't seen him in a month and I am about at the point of clawing my virgin face off. Hum. Alright...I will do my best to stop in here this weekend. But if not...peayce jiggas.

 Well Helloooooooooooooooooooooooooo.... If I were any more nautious right now, I would probably request that my stomach be removed immediatly from my body and thrown into the Hudson River. Okay, that was the most ridiculous thing that I have said all day. I am just going to let that go. Went to the West End with Ari today for lunch. That was pretty enjoyable. I got the BLT and then my ass had it about an hour later. ouch. This morning, as I was walking to the subway station, I saw a car accident happen. That is the most terrying thing ever. If you have never seen one, let me tell you, it is something else. The sound of the two vehicles smashing into eachother is deafening and creates a pit of tense worry in your stomach. As I walked past, I did see that everyone seemed to be ok. But the sound echoed in my head for at least a couple of hours. The weirdest part of this whole thing is that yesterday at lunch I was thinking about how I have never seen a car accident. Within 18 hours, I did in fact see one. I don't know. Maybe I'm just nautious. Oh yeah, I am. Last night turned out to be the fucking best. Rita and I got home and planned on hanging out with Kelly for a little bit before we retired to our rooms. A couple of glasses of wine later and I was ready to stay up all night. Kelly's ex-girlfriend, and a very close friend of both of us still, Angie hung out for most of the night and it was an absolute thrill. She has the best laugh and is so fucking funny. Every time she opens her mouth, I feel like her words go right to my gay funny bone. Kelly and Angie had rented two movies to watch with eachother and then big mouth Joe was like: " Let's watch urlLink Vulgar !" As though it had anything to do with me. I can be very intrusive when I want to be. We all stayed up way past our usual bedtime. 11:30pm. Hee. I really need to start having a life. BTW...if you haven't seen the movie "Vulgar" and you aren't weak hearted, please go rent it immediatly. There are aspects to this movie that will shock your face off. Or maybe even your vulva. Yeah, it will knock your vulva right off! Today has been a pretty mediocre day for me overall. Nothing too exciting, nothing too awful. Just the sheer enjoyment of it being Thursday and tomorrow being FLYDAY. When I was younger, our local Radio Station "Fly 92" used to call Fridays, "Flyday". Lame - O! Ari and I just blatantly lied to our boss about the lunch we had today. See...sometimes Ari and I will be able to read eachother's mind and the minute that one of us starts creating a story, the other one knows immediatly to follow suit. We are getting pretty good at this shit. Ah jeez...I gotta go do something for a student. Sometimes I want to kill my job. I want to take it by the throat and squeeze every ounce of life out of it. Then I would spit on it while it laid there dying on the floor. Then I would piss on it's dead face. Then I would close this entry while I am ahead. Cuz why am I acting so scary right now? HAHAHA and LATAS!

 OK...WHAT???????? DID I REALLY JUST HAVE THE CONVERSATION THAT I JUST HAD?!?!?!?!?! Oh boy. Here I go again. Making friends with people whom I have never met in my entire life. HAHAHAHAHA~! Like I don't have enough friends in real life. I have to go and make a friend in Chicago. As we know, I have recently been talking to this guy named Randy. He visited my site and sent me a pretty incredible email. I liked it so much that I wrote him back and he and I have been exchanging letters for about a week. Today, he included his work number and I actually used it. It was a very strange, but somehow invigorating thing to do. I was very taken back by how deep his voice was. I must admit, that the dirty and overly sexual side of me was like "mmmm". Okay sick. I have a boyfriend that I love. But still...deep voices are a pretty big turn on in my world. In any case, Randy was able to conversate very well. I enjoyed hearing about his life and his Juan Carlos. ;) We have simlair backgrounds and I know that when we have more time to talk, we will realize that we have even more in common. As I have said in here before, it would be EXCEPTIONALLY great if I had a gay friend in my life. I mean, a real one. Not the pseudo gay friends that I seem to have now. And by gay I mean: man gay. Not women gay. Although most of my lesbian friends are turning straight faster than I ever thought they would. Hmmmm.... He is a cool kid. And want to know the craziest thing? Kelly...he has the exact same birthday as you! Sagittarius's unite! Very fucking weird. So I don't know. He told me that he and some of his friends at work talk about my journal and the saga that seems to be going on down here in NYC. I mean, do I actually have a following? That made me beam with pride and excitement. Are they talking about me at the water cooler??????? ROCK! I will keep ya'll updated as to my Randall adventures. Although do not call him Randall. Call him MR. Randall. He likes that better. sike. peace. time to go pack up to go home. It is 4:40pm afterall.

 I wrote this last night and waited to post it until today so that I could start off on the right note... I wasnt sure what I wanted to write about. I just knew I wanted to write. Then as I was taking my fifth beer piss of the evening, it hit me. I want to write about Paul for a bit. This is what I want to say tonight: I love Paul. I love him, love him, love him. I dont know why I love him, I just do. I always thought that the person I fell in love with would be some movie star celebrity or horribly successful, but devestatingly handsome philanthropist. Instead I date the very nice looking, horribly work oriented, very often emotionally distant, bartender. Sure he has his degree in Biology from BU and studied in Africa for 8 months. Sure he has more money than I could ever dream of achieving at this point in my life. Sure he is a very intellectual, unbelievably responsible personality. But where is my hot passionate lover that is going to take full care of me while allowing me to be who I have always wanted to be? Where is the dream boyfriend I knew I would get? I am not sure that Paul is the one for me to end up with. I have never thought that in the past and I have currently fought that idea more than I would ever bother to explain to anyone. In my mind, he is the person who teaches me about love in order for me to find my true love in the future. Wow. That sucks. But it has always been true. Now that we are just about 3 years into our relationship, I have definitly learned what love really is. What it ends up being after the luster of the whole thing goes away. Love is counting on someone. Love is knowing that no matter how bad things get around you, with whomever or whatever or whereever...this person will always take you in and protect you. This person will allow you to show the ugliest side of your personality and then in turn respect you more for it. In fact, they will love you more just for the fact that you allowed yourself to let it happen. The person you love will be all of these things while still looking at you in a way that no one else can. They will tell you to Cut the Shit, in an email, faster than anyone else in your life. They know you and dont accept anything but the truth. These qualities I have in Paul. While I still sit here and think in my concious that Paul and I will ultimately just have a good run, I now sit here and think what if? What if Paul is it for me? What if he is meant to be my One and only. I whole heartedly believe in the idea of one perfect person for everyone on this earth. Is Paul mine? The problem that I face is this... In our entire relationship, Paul and I have only lived in the same city for 6 months. We shared an apartment and it was beautiful and then ugly all before we could even realize it. I vowed to never live with a boyfriend again. However, we stayed together and we worked through it despite the problems we had in the past and the horribly impossible long distance relationship that was our future. We did it. We overcame it and we are now at the point in which he is moving to the city to be with me. No matter how you look at it and no matter how I try to fake it, the kid is moving to NYC to be with me. His boyfriend that he is in love with. Since we have only known random weekends together, what will it be like when I see him just about every day? Will this work? I am so excited to give it a try. I love him deeply enough to allow this to happen in good faith but I would be stupid not to admit that a lot will change with him being here. No more random hook ups. No more instigating flirtation. Its time for us to give this a real shot. Shit. This is going to be big. While Paul and I fight alot, we do have quite a few sincere moments. I give him a bad rap in this journal as I do with him and a lot of friends in my real life. I dont mean it the way it all sounds. Yet it does show me that I am afraid of so many things in this relationship. It is a written example of how I cant commit to anything. No matter how good it could prove to be in the end. I have yet to give myself over to Paul. If he has done it, why havent I? After this long, I cant believe that I would still have so much work left to do. I love him enough to at least try.

 Boodnight!

 OKAY! I digress! Rita showed me this ZFRANK website (I have linked it to my page) and now I HOPE he goes to my highschool. His site is AWESOME! If you are bored, check it out. I wonder who he could possibly be!! The internet hasn't been around that long, so maybe he was in my math class. Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm....

 So if you clicked the above link that said: "Fun with your name" then you will need to also know this... Rita said that the guy that designed that stupid thing went to the same highschool that Kelly and I went to. She said his name is Z. Frank. I think she is crazy and full of craziness. And if Z. Frank DID go to my highschool...why isn't he doing something better then "Fun with your name"? Ah geez. I think Rita lies. Or is drunk from eating beer for lunch.

 This is cute: urlLink Fun with your name But not cute enough to become a permanent link.

 So, as it turns out, having beer for lunch is a pretty great idea. This day has been filled with bad moods, bad attitudes, and big time screaming. And that's just been the way I have been acting. Just think how annoying the rest of these devils have been! Rita writes me an email right before lunch and she says: "Let's go to the West End for beers as a treat for lunch." I think in my head: "Fuck yeah!" Cept I have no money, so Rita has to pay for everything. We go to the W.E., we drink some beers, we laugh and we kid, and then we come back to our shit lives. Fortunatly, neither of us really got buzzed at all, but somehow my mood has turned to the better. Unfortunatly I have to spend an hour when I get home talking to acting guru lady Gigi. That should be a good thing. But I dread anything that's not eating, drinking, or smoking pot. OOH! Guess what? Want to know something pretty horrifying? FUCK! Just had the most IRRITATING Email exchanges with my wonderful MIA boyfriend Paul. God...so annoyed with him and our whole pretend relationship that I can't even get into it right now. DAMN him. Damn me for being so stupid for falling in love with him in the first place. Last night, I was watching tv before falling asleep and this commercial came on that blew my fucking mind. I still don't really know how to feel about it. There were two kids sitting in the den of one of the kid's houses. One kid was sitting at his father's desk, the other one was sitting directly across from him in a big chair. The kid in the chair was ripping tubes from a bong. (for non-pot smokers this means SUCKING EVERY POSSIBLE BIT OF SMOKE OUT OF A TUBE and then BLOWING IT EVERYWHERE IN THE ROOM) Both of the teenagers must have been no more than 14 or 15. They were blitzed out of their mind and they were saying some stupid shit. Next thing I know the kid behind the desk rifles through some papers on his dad's desk and pick's up a handgun. He says, while totally aiming it at the other kid: "I wonder if this is loaded?" BAM! (words across the screen) "Marijuana alters your reality" End of commercial. Um.... I was in my bed all alone and I go, out loud: "OMIGOD OMIGOD OMIGOD!" I couldn't believe what I saw. It was a very powerful commercial, but I am left with the following confusion: I have been smoking pot just about every day for the last 4-5 years. In fact, I was stoned when I saw this commercial. hee oops. Never in my entire life have I been so stoned that I thought that it would be okay to pick up a handgun and point it at somebody, regardless of whether or not it was loaded. I don't ever remember my "reality" becoming so distorted that I thought things that were fatally dangerous became play toys. Never once. I have never known anyone that thought that. Yes, I agree that we should be deterring our children or future children from using drugs. But do we lie in the process? Pot has never distorted my reality. It has made me starving and in a better mood. It has made me unmotivated to be productive in my life. It even has gone so far as to make me hornier! !!GASP!! But has it ever made me think that my best friend wouldn't die if I shot them in the head? Ah...no. I loved the commercial and I can't wait to see it again. Just for the sheer impact of it. Would I stand by it as a valid deterrent from Marijuana? nah. Whatever. Back to Paul the asshole. I am not mad at him. I am not upset. I miss him incredibly. I understand that he is moving here in less than two months. But does that mean I should just sit back and not expect phone calls until then? Should I expect that I am not going to hear from or see him for two months and that that is ok? No...it isn't okay. It's fucking garbage. You see... I am an asshole. I am EXTREMELY high maintenance when I want to be. I expect gold. Never silver. Man...he just sent me another nasty email. Doesn't he understand? The more he's a prick to me, the less likely I am to EVER talk to him in person again. I have no problem hanging up in his asshole face. If I have gone 5 days without talking to him at all, what's the big deal with going 5 more? He's a shithead. Here is the conversation we just had over email: Joe: what is your schedule for work this weekend? If you can get off sat. maybe I can come to see you. Joe again: Never mind. Can't do it. Paul: That was a wierd message. I received your every thought in one message! wish I could see you. this sucks not being able to see you, but soon we will be together all the time. The search goes on! You did not sound too happy to even hear your my voice this morning. I understand you just got into work, but geez. :( Whatever. Hope your day is going well. Mine is busy. Our event seminar series is in Denver today and Dallas tomorrow. I am busy keeping it a float here at the headquarters, it is pretty neat. You do not give a shit I am sure. Becky flew in from Cali, will see her tonight. i will tell her you are doing well and that you said hello. (BTW...Paul was totally right in saying that I don't give a shit about his "seminar series in Denver today and Dallas tomorrow"---cuz SNORE! Talk about ANYTHING else for once!) Joe: it would just be nice to be able to have a relationship with the boy I am supossedly dating. I have just about had it again with this long distance bullshit. I never get to talk to you, I never get to see you, we know nothing about what's going on in each of our lives. I was going to come this weekend to see you because I just missed you too much. Since I haven't really heard from you, I decided against it. I am not angry with you. I am frustrated with this situation and I don't know what to do about it anymore. If you weren't moving here on Dec. 1st, I don't know how much longer I could keep up with this whole thing. When am I going to see you next? Probably never. (Now let's be honest...My email back was not THAT bad. --- Yet this is how he responded) Paul: Cut the bullshit! You think I like not seeing you!!! Don't make it any harder than it is joe. You know what if I do not see you, guess what you will see me december 1st. What part do you not understand??? Give it a break, don't get worked up. Deal with life and sacrifices! You make me so depressed when you have this tone all day. You have not said or referenced one fucking positive thing since I called you at fucking 9am this morning!!!! Think about it!!! It does not help matters and I KNOW how you deal with things!!!!! Joe: You know what? Try calling more than once a week. Try sending a letter once in awhile. Try doing SOMETHING to let me know that you are still alive out there in Boston. You don't have the right to tell me how to feel when you make no effort to be a part of my life ever. You, Paul, don't need to be here every weekend to keep me happy. Maybe you should try taking time out for me via phone and letters. Maybe when I call you, as I did last Friday night, and every night of my life, you spend some time talking to me instead of going out with your friends and forgetting all about me. Expecting me to wait up until 3am to finish the conversation we started. As I said, I am not angry with you. In fact, I care so little about this, that I cancelled the idea of coming to see you this weekend almost as soon as I had it. I just don't care enough anymore to argue this. I have way too much to stress in my life without having to worry about how to deal with my MIA boyfriend. Yell at me all you want. That's fine. But don't bother trying to call to make it better. It would be changing the whole way you conduct yourself in a relationship. Paul: Fuck that! you are real perfect. Try working more than 35 hours a week and talk to me later. Make your fucking mind up, do i say the right things or the wrong things. Oh, I thought you always had to have plans in New York. One night in and no plans, so call Paul. I am leaving work now. Joe: Sounds good to me. Bored with you and this conversation already. ---end scene--- Pretty brutal words. But he will pay for them later. Trust me. Don't fuck with me or I will make sure you die. GRRRRRRRRRRRRRR! FUCK HIM MAN! FUCK HIM! I hate this whole thing. I hate how much we fight. I hate that we never get to make up. To be honest, I have hated this for the last 3 years and it never gets any easier. It just gets more fucking irritating. I will NEVER do this again. NEVER do long distance again for the rest of my annoying life!

 I'm not a morning person to begin with. Never have been. All of my friends know to avoid me for the first couple hours of the day, or else they get their neck snapped in two. And without apology. Rita and I, although we work ten feet from eachother all day, even take different subways on the commute to work because I can't be trusted to break one simple smile. Now, knowing this, also understand that I am one of the first people into the office. Usually hovering some time between 9-9:15am. Do you have any idea how fucking ANGRY it makes me when I check the morning voicemails to find that there are 6 messages from the lazy fat asses I work with telling me to make their fucking phone calls? Or to photocopy stupid bullshit? I would gladly do this for them, if it weren't for the two FULL TIME jobs I am doing in this place already. I am so sick and tired of the utter LAZINESS represented by the assholes that I work with. And if you ever mention to them that they are abusing you, they say either "But Joe, it's your job", or "Joe, how can we make it so that you can do all of your other tasks, while still being accountable for wiping my ass every time I shit?" My answer is this... I will shoot you in the face. If you think that it is OK to leave me a message at 8:30am telling me that I need to get the papers out of the printer and put them in your mailbox because you are too lazy to get them yourself the night before....then I tell you this: no. You will come in to work and you will get them yourself. If you leave me a 25 minute message telling me to make 3 phone calls...all of which are calls that involve your gas, electric, and credit card bill, then I tell you this: no. I will delete the message and look at you blankly when you ask how it all went. And if you give me a hard time about it???? When you hand me your PERSONAL mail to put in the box when I go to lunch, don't surprised if it never gets there. Cuz guess what? It's going immediatly in the sewer as soon as I leave this place. And don't think I won't laugh all the way home. I fucking HATE these people. FUCKING HATE.

 I spoke with my acting guru/friend Gigi today. She was all upbeat and sweet and we made a phone consultation appointment for tomorrow evening. She is going to help me get my resume looking as it should and she will hopefully guide me into a very productive direction. Please let this work. Please let this work. Please let this work. I really need her help. I ate two hot dogs for lunch today. Rita had one. They were pretty good. Have I mentioned that this is the 7th hotdog that I have had in the last 5 days? Sick, right? I moved the ring that was on my left hand, ring finger, to my right hand, ring finger today. Do you know how weird that feels when you do that? It's been there all day and I can't get past it. It feels awkward and strange. I should never have put it on the other hand to begin with. >:-0---grrrrrrrr........ wobbly ring wobbly ring Member how I mentioned earlier today that when I have Vitamin Water, it runs right through me? Well, I have gone 3 times since I first drank it and DAYIM I gots to go again! I'm a lesbo. wrote that purely cuz it was the first thing to pop into my mind. that's strange. yet erotic. Ok...time to make that to-do list already!!!!!!!!!!

 Another week. God, can't I just die already? It would be so much easier than coming into work on a Monday. So tired today. This weekend kicked my ass. Had an incredibly wonderful time with my parents. Sharing the day with them, laughing our asses off Saturday night while drinking and playing cards, having some private and serious talks...all of it was perfect. I hugged my mom so long before she went to bed at the end of the night. I didn't want to let go. Ever. :( Our bathroom is a pretty fun place. We have signs all over the room. For example, we have a quote of the day, a word of the day, an "IMPORTANT READING MATERIAL" section and most fun of all...a "Drawing Board". The drawing board is a blank piece of paper that encourages graffiti of any nature. It ends up being pretty damn funny. My parents almost spent their entire visit in the bathroom drawing pictures and making jokes. I about shit myself every time I went in there. It was so great. I had drawn a full mural for them before they got there. On Sunday morning, as they were leaving, I looked to see them tearing down the picture and shoving it into my mom's purse. They wanted to bring it home and mail it to my brother. How adorable. I miss them alot already. Probably won't see them again until Thanksgiving. Maybe the first weekend of November, but it is unlikely. Last night I made dinner for the housemates. I made chicken with a special dijon sauce. On the side I made broccoli with cheddar melted on top and also brownies. Rita made her famous cheese biscuits and we all sat down together and shoved our vaginas full of food! It was great. And man did I eat myself to death. Who's turn is it next week!?!?! Kelly will be in Albany, so probably my turn again. I love Vitamin Water. LOVE it. Today I bought one that is 32oz. Am I serious??? For some reason, when I drink a bottle of this stuff, it makes me have to piss as though I haven't gone in days. Hm. So lately I have been a little angry at God. I know it sounds weird. Especially if you are someone that doesn't believe in God. Cuz then it's like: "What to get angry at?" But I am an individual that lives my life under the direction and guidance of Jesus and God. I have very strong convictions and am way past the point of arguing their existence or power in the world. Save that talk for someone who wasn't raised in a baptist church. In any case, I very rarely ask God for anything. I mean, of course I ask for everyone in my life to be safe and blah blah...but I never ask for anything that is based on petty wants. When I do ask for something big, it is usually because I need it. Seriously need it. In my life, I can think of 2 other times when I said to God that I needed something and now! One was when I asked for a boy to come into my life that I could love and that would love me back. It's a long story and my reasoning's why I asked for this are very good, but not your business just yet! :) The second thing I asked for was to make a decision about whether or not I should change majors to theater or finish up the last 6 credits I had left in becoming a teacher. Due to the timing of this request, when I got my answer it was big(!) and changed my life very dramatically. It has been years since I have asked God to help me with a problem that was of the same caliber as the problem I have been dealing with for the last couple of months. What do I do to find my answer? I am trying to be patient. I am trying not to get discouraged of angry. But it hurts you know? What I need now from God is some clarity. I don't need him to (overnight) make my life perfect. I just want a direction, a pathway, a sign as to what I am supposed to do. (big sigh) It's rather upsetting to me. Waiting for an answer and not getting anything close. Damn. I will continue to pray. I will continue to allow my life to change. I will continue to work on the aspects of myself that need to be worked on. But at what point do I realize what I need to do differently? I love God with everything in my heart. I trust him, I defend him, I stand my ground on my belief in him. What am I not doing? It's puzzling. It really is. So I am not really "angry" at God. I am just confused and a little hurt. Doesn't he want me to do what's right for both of us? And if so, why won't he help me along in figuring this out? Should I fast until I have an idea as to what I am really looking for? In other news... I love the change in the weather. It's about time! The cooler fall air. Now that's where it is at! I really can't wait until its sweaters and jackets. Got a lot to do this week. Think I am going to go make a to-do list right now. If I don't, there is no way I will get everything done that I need to do. barp.

 THE BEER IS BAD. NOBODY DRINK THE BEER! that was for you Reets. What up dawgs? what up in the underground? In this case, the underground being this crowd of blogging peoples we got chillin HERRE. What the fuck is wrong with me tonight? You would think that after scrubbing the toilet, scraping goo off the inside of the fridge, completely excavating the buildup that has accumulated inside of our microwave, I would be covered in gunk and ready to die. And you would be half right. Hells if I showered after I cleaned this piece. Who got time fo dat? I got beer to drink. Good beer. Rita likes beer. You see, if Rita were drinking obsessive amounts of beer, as I have been lately, I would sit her down and have this conversation: Rita: I drink alot of beer. Joe: Stop hiccuping. Rita: Beers just really good. Joe: You should stop drinking so much beer. Rita: Why Joe. Why? Joe: You could get......addicted. RAWFULRAWFULRAWFULRAWF anyways... My parents are coming in the morning. They will be here at 10am. Ugh. but yes...10am. I will then show them my newly redesigned bedroom, explain that I am still smoking cigarettes on the basis of pretend, and hug and adore them as much as physically possible in the first 10 minutes. My parents... I love em. Big time. I grew up in a very strict, but incredibly fun household. I mean, we all got our past... But overall, I was pretty alright as a child. Since college, my parents have completely opened up to me and have, in the process, become very good friends of mine as well. We will go to the planetarium tomorrow because my dad has always been obsessed with space. He took me to every Star Trek movie, made me sit through hours of DEEP SPACE NINE, and even confided to me one day after an episode of The Next Generation that Jean Luc-Picard is the best Kirk that was ever born. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. He is so adorable! After the planetarium, we will grab a bite to eat and then I will take them to where I work to show them where I sit every day and waste away my existence as a non-working actor. It will be fun. And it was my idea. But i am so excited! HAHAHA. I get to show them where I spend every annoying day of my life! Now my mom will understand exactly where I sit when I call her and tell her that I just saw somebody pick their nose and eat it. BOO WAH! Sometimes I tell her better things than that. After we go to my workplace, we will come back to Queens and spend the night getting blasted with my two housemates, Miss Kelly and Miss Rita. We will play cards, laugh, embarrass eachother and my dad will probably tell both of the girls to kiss him on the lips and I will vomit on my self and tell my mom that its time for bed. you know, the usual family get together. My mom will give me the look around 8pm that tells me to pack up my bowl cuz my mama want to smoke some pot! cuz what? cuz right. My mom smokes pot with me when we get together. She is a fucking cool smoker too. In the beginning she would go crazy in her head and go running around the house vacuuming for 2 hours. But now she is relaxed and even gets bored with it by the end of the night. My mom is very beautiful and concious about her weight, but you give her a toke off a bong and she will eat every mnm, potato chip, slab of beef in the place. Its pretty great. The day will be wonderful. It always is. They love me unconditionally and actually get very excited to spend a day with me. Since my brother is in Germany due to the ARMY, I am all they have. Its a big responsibility and if it had fallen into my lap two years ago, I would have sunk. Big time. But I was ready to be close to my family. I had come out of the closet to them with very concerned and confused reactions, but they learned to respect me for me. To let me do what I know is best for me. I love em! Welcome to my parents! In other news... I never know how to segue, so its always... In other news... So guess what happenend to me today? DUCK! POOP STORY COMING INTO PLAY! You have to understand...the only reason I talk about poop and pee so much is because just about every time someone goes to the toilet in my house, something huge and funny happens and we laugh and laugh. Then I run to the journal and not knowing what else to write, fall back on the only thing that connected deep with me all evening. Poopie stories. LOL and OMIGOD LOL. Poopie? did I really say,........................................................poopie? AHHH...HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA i am a gaylord. So here is my poopie story of the day: I was watching Trading Spaces with Rita today and we were eating two slices of pizza. I couldnt finish mine and ate the rest in installments throughout the episode. Rita swallowed hers whole and said the following: Joe...there are few times in my life that I enjoy as much as when I eat my pizza. (OMIGOD OH MAN I AM SHITTING MYSELF WITH LAUGHTER!) she is fucking funny. cuz she meant it. So I rest my eyes during most of the episode and I miss the whole boring middle part. I open for the last ten minutes and end up on the couch next to Rita. They are about to show the two couples their new rooms when suddenly I get the most spastic cramp of DIA REAR in my life. I clutch my intestines and go to Rita: OH NO! I WANT TO SEE THEIR REACTIONS! WHY WONT THEY JUST SHOW THE REACTIONS!?!?!?!? Rita says: Joe, they are boring people, member? It will be a boring scene for all, go to the toilet. And quick. Joe (writhing on the couch taking fast and incredibly sharp breaths) But RITA NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! ITS THE ONLY REASON TO WATCH THE SHOW! I HAVE TO SEE THEIR FACES!and ouch. this really hurts. wait Rita, youre not remembering that this really hurts. I continue to writhe and beg God for fogiveness for treating my body in such a manner, when they FINALLY show the peoples reactions. It was so fucking BORING that I wanted to hold the shit in, get in Ritas car, drive to Wisconsin and dump it right on their new living room coffee tables. How dare they be boring after what I went through? Hmph. That shit was well earned my friend. well earned. Over the weekend I will do my best to come up with things that are funny besides poop and pee. I dont know why I wont let it go. I dont talk about only that in my real life. At least, I dont think I do. I will see tomorrow. If I find myself always going back to peoples, you know, peoples pthhhhhhh and pisssssssssssssssssssss then I will realize that I have a problem and will seek medication. fuck counseling. that would solve the problem. latas!

 As I write this I am listening to Nelly Furtado. I am drinking a Corona Light and I just finished smoking my pretend cigarette. If you tell everyone and yourself that the cigarette in your mouth is just pretend, then it is. It goes completely undected by those that dont understand about pretend. If those people that dont understand try to tell you that you are still smoking a cigarette, I find it best to laugh as though you are uncomfortable with the way they are talking to you and slap them swiftly and directly across the face. They wont bring it up again. HOLLA! Today turned out to be not such a bad day afterall. I received some absolutely beautiful emails today. Emails that should never have been given to me after my unbelievably immature attitude all week. This whole blogger shit just started something in me so completly scary and unnatural. I got back and read what I wrote and I shudder at how crazy I allowed myself to get about it. I remember the emotion I was feeing every time I flipped over to Jamess site and saw the incredibly hurtful things he was writing. Especially since he was uninvolved in the whole thing to beging with. I dont know. I want to erase what I said. I wanted to delete it so that I wouldnt have to be reminded how ugly I can be when confronted with an ugly world. I try to be someone much more above that. Someone who really can turn the other cheek and act responsibly and organized about things. Barf. I feel better now. I feel like the new template gave me a fresh start on this thing. So even though I wont see every day how offensive the comment sections got on all of our sites, I will remember it and use it to prevent it from happening within myself or other journals again. This girl Phoebe and this guy Randy sent me beautiful emails today. Just when I had thought that I pushed my site too far in the wrong direction, here were people commenting on things that kind of healed the damage that was caused this week. Randy commented on how well written he thought this blog was. That meant the world to me. I know my voice on here isnt LEXICON city. That doesnt mean I cant write like that. That means I have chosen this blogger to represent me. Or at least part of me. My voice. My real voice. I think you understand. So when Randy wrote that, he began to heal the damage caused by people telling me that I was a teenager in humor and grammatical skills. I vaguely remember something to the effect of http://www.joewritespoorly.com Now while using web addresses to make jokes about people is so 4 months ago, it stabbed me in my gut. People that tell me this site is humorous, get me. I am not saying that my humor is the humor to have... I am saying that people who understand the way I write this, do think its funny, cuz it is honest and it is me. It is raw and it is real. I may write in vulgarities, but who doesnt think mental vulgarities all day? Okay, so maybe you dont. haha But you do. I will pray that you do tonight. ANYWAY....BLAH BLAH BLAHBLAHBLAHHAVENTBLAHMASTURBATEDBLAHINTWODAYSBLAH so Im horny. Thats it. Phoebe...thanks. Really. You will be in NYC soon. Weird. Are we friends?? cuz I think we are. Magine i am like...Hey Phoebe...want to meet for drinks after work? and Phoebe says: Well sure Joe...see your round 5:30pm, YEAH...MAGINE! With Randy...he wrote to me in an email today this introduction to his letter: Aack. Another e-mail from me. Dont mean to inundate you of course. But its incredibe to talk to you for some reason. You must be my twin. oh my God, you are my twin. shut the fuck UP! Now, after reading that, besides immediatly dying laughing (cuz I get this kids writing voice---wink wink), I think to myself...Rita just said that an hour ago. You see...I had showed Rita the email he first wrote to me. Something struck a very weird chord in me. It was just great. It felt like the kid really knew me. I have talked to other people (Fish and Chevy discluded) online and even met someone off of here, yet I NEVER felt that with anyone before. It was an invigorating moment. It was raw. So I look forward to keeping up with this Randy character, cuz it is possible that he and I will be friends. I dont have one single gay guy friend. And then there was Randy. Rita has the hiccups. A pretty fiece case of them. We were hanging out and laughing and talking and trying to enjoy ourselves, but she was quoted at saying the following: Hiccups ruin everything! She couldnt relax and laugh along. She couldnt talk back and forth. She couldnt experience what the absolute fun and excitement of being around me truly is. You see...she wasnt having the time of her life soley because she had the hiccups. Hiccups ruin everything. It was pretty devastating. And boom. One quick funny story before I sign off: Everyone in my house (Rita, Kelly and myself) has a problem with replacing the roll of toilet paper when it runs out. I am usually flawless at it, cuz you see...I have respect. Respect for the next person stuck with shit on their ass and unable to scoot out to the kitchen pantry to get a new roll. Today, for example, I came home to find a (pause to laugh as I write this, cuz it was pretty funny) very tiny piece of PAPER TOWEL on the toilet paper roll. (Which means that this person scooted into the kitchen, pee dripping down their leg, to get paper towel. I KNOW never stopping to grab and replace the roll. I KNOW this, cuz she didn't replace it after the whole ordeal)(Sike Kelly...I just told the story to be funny...you didnt know that there was toilet paper under the sink. That was the saving grace for my next battle with shit ass) (u understand) Now, yes, I did find this piece of paper towel AFTER I had already shit. I definitly should have learned my lesson by now, but I never do. I used that paper towel for all it was worth and left, NOT replacing it due to the point I was making. Rita fell victim to the no toilet paper dilemma only hours later. But the story I am trying to tell is this: A couple weeks ago in a bathroom very close to my bedroom... I had just finished taking a shit and put my magazine down. I think I was probably reading something about pizza and french fries, cuz I really love them...mmmm...pizza....mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm......french....when I see that there is no toilet paper. Of course! I look under the sink and no toilet paper. I close my eyes and play the pretend game in hopes that it will be there when I open my lids. No such luck. So I decide to reach into the garbage can and pull out different wads of tissue and use it to wipe my ass. There are some pretty big clumps in the wastebasket and of PLEASE(!) I didnt pick any that looked as though they might contain booger babies. I used one wad and it all seemed cool. Yet, when I used the second wad, as I was rubbing it up my crack, I realized that there was something oddly shaped inside of it and it poked me pretty hard. Yeah...right??? Well, I mean.....NATURALLY! One of the girls had wadded up their tampon and wrapped it in toilet paper! ROCK! My luck being what it is, picked up that specific wad and shoved it against my ass. UUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM! I know the story is vile, but it is true. And as I have been recently told, I have toilet humor. which by the way is damn funny and will always be funny and if done right can save the world. Think about that story for awhile. I just wish we would all remember to change the roll of toilet paper when we finish with it. This story is okay to tell. You know why? Cuz no one will ever know who's monthly expulsion caused my horrifying demise. If the other girl in my house ever reveals the truth about this story, I have a story about them with a tampon and my house in Albany that would make them feel exactly the same. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA(boof) what am I? Big mouth asshole tonight? :-D we better never hope this journal goes mainstream. The end.

 Just had an absolutely PERFECT conversation with Kelly about the whole move. She is going to read what I wrote earlier and chalk it up to "Joe is a crazy, overly sensitive psycho". And she's right. I freak out about Kelly wanting to leave me in the city. In my mind, she had already signed a new lease on her own and I was to spend the rest of my day finding a half normal subletter. I don't know how the girls that I live with can possiby deal with my extreme psychosis. Kelly just explained how she would NEVER leave us behind, that she was just setting a date for us to move, since we usually sit around and TALK about moving, but never actually move. :) She made a lot of sense. We were both very honest in our talk and I stopped at one point and just marveled at how far she and I have come in the last couple of months. We are both so emotionally invested in everything that when one of us doesn't see eye to eye about something, we get very frustrated and take everything very personally. Hence the journal entry previous to this one. You all must understand that I love Kelly very deeply and sometimes it is hard for me to imagine her moving on without me. :( In other news, I got an email today from a fella named Randy. He said that he just happened to stop by my site a couple days ago and absolutely loved it. He said that not only was it incredibly funny, but also insightful and meaningful as well. Now, understand that after all the bullshit that has gone down this week with my journal, getting an email like this really squelches alot of the frustration that I have been carrying. Randy...you sound like a wonderful guy. Please email me again and it would mean the world to me if you would visit my site more often. There aren't nearly enough genuinely nice people in the world. Usually just pretentiuos pseudo-writers that seem to think that keeping a BLOGGER is as intelligent and powerful as becoming president. How bout just be honest and write from your heart? Anyone think of giving that a try? Wow. For the first time in days I feel a bit better. I get moments of better and then suddenly an asshole walks into my life and fucks the whole thing up. Please pray for me. If you are a prayer type person...please say one for Joe Cut the Shit. Pray for me to have patience and for things to kind of turn around. Pray that a little happiness might make its way to my life. Ok...enough serious talk. I promise to be back with more poop and tampon stories soon. I know you are all dying for them. Especially my new friend Randy!

 Damnit and shit. This has been the worst week I have had in a very long time. It started with me having to deal with internet dorks trying to give me a hard time online. They made me question things about this site that I have never questioned before and they have pissed me off in a way that I will not forget for a very long time. I just have to keep reminding myself that these people are sad and their lives unsatisfying. Otherwise, they wouldn't be constantly trying to bring me down. I am assuming that these aforementioned people are either mentally stunted or that they are 20 year old children looking to fill up their days with online hijinks. Get over it already. Had the meeting with Kelly and Rita last night about moving into Manahattan. It was a pretty honest and open meeting and while everyone explained their side to eachother, I feel that some things have not been fully understood. Rita and I are in the same financial position. We can't afford what Kelly can afford. It's fine for now, but I know it will prove to be a problem come December 1st when Kelly will sit down with Rita and I and inform us that she will be finding us a subletter for her room and moving out. Kelly wants out of Queens now and while I have wanted this from the minute she found us this apartment, I have to be logical and responsible and not throw away all that I have built for just so that I can have a Manhattan zip code. I want to leave Queens more than life itself, but I realize that this may turn out to not be a possibility. Kelly is a pretty spontanieous personality and when she has her heart set on something she has to have it. She just called and told us that she found an amazing apartment and although it falls into our price range, the realtor she went through would charge us $2700. Kelly could pay her share of the $900. Rita and I can only pay $100. As was said last night, it will be impossible for us to use a realtor to find an apartment and that sucks. We really do need one. I guess what bothers me the most out of this situation is that I have a very strong feeling that what will ultimatly happen is that Kelly will move out on her own. Rita and I are unflexible in our financial restraints. Not because we are frugal or stingy, but because we just don't have the kind of money that she has. It truly blows. I never thought that Kelly would move out due to these circumstances. I thought that our lives would change direction or we would have a huge fight or someone would get pregnant. I didn't reckon with the fact that one of us would just take off on our own. I guess that is what growing up is all about. While the three of us are have very strong and intense friendships, we all have to still remember that we are in NYC for our own personal reasons. It's not the end of the world. In fact, it really is okay. As much as I have always wanted to move out of Queens, I am just happy that I have gotten to the place where I can afford to even live in this area. I am paying my bills every month, have obtained a steady job, have gotten alot of my personal life in order, etc. If having to suck up staying in Queens for a couple extra months is the worst thing that I am facing, than that is just about ok. In other news, Kelly has a new template. I changed mine yesterday and she totally copied me. If you go to her site, you will see the same exact color scheme in front of your face. Kelly you are a copier! :-D LOLOlololOLollollololwearebestladies I made a joke last night about how Kelly got a part in this local Hyundai commercial and my big accomplishment of the day was changing my template on blogger. When I went to bed, Kelly changed her template so that my one accomplishment, which was lame to begin with, became even more lame. THANKS FRIEND! SIKE! sorta sike. No hard feelings. ;) Paul called this morning and was incredibly understanding and supportive of me. I was supposed to talk to him last night for awhile, since it was his one night off from work, but he never called me back. I went to bed miserable and woke up even more miserable. When I got to work this morning I was so overwhelmed by the utter incompetence of the people I work with that I completly lost my temper. I was calling people "assholes" and "cunts" and ranting on about how "nobody gives a shit about this place but me!" It was all very dramatic and in actuality didn't make me feel much better. I gotta hand it to Ari and Rita for being so patient with me and allowing me to blow my top the way I did. I just feel like people keep placing things on my poor gay back and all I can do is take deep breaths so that I don't fully drown. Like I said, it has been such a bad week. I have been acting like someone I don't know. I have spent a good portion of my days hating myself. I am usually so much stronger than that. I need a good weekend. I need not to have my brother call me and tell me that he is going to war. I need my boyfriend to be living in this city. I need to be acting. I need to feel confident and tough again. Someone who didn't know me would look at me and think "what the hell does HE have to complain about". I, seemingly, have all I need: a great family, a ton of great friends, a beautiful apartment, a steady job, a talent for my chosen passion, a wonderful boyfriend, and let's be honest...good looks. So why do I feel like I have nothing? Why do I feel as though I am struggling to keep my act together? Why, every time the fucking elevator opens, I want to brutally murder anyone who walks through it? Please God help me to help myself. I need some direction. I just need to know that it will all work out. I have been praying and praying and praying, begging God to just give me SOMETHING that will give me my start. SOMETHING that will open up my eyes to the right path I should be traveling down. And all I have gotten back so far is some asshole signing his name as "christ" on my site and spouting off ignorant and poorly written garbage. (That's okay, cuz I talked to God last night about this shithead and God did promise me to immediately send this fuck to hell for all eternity.) yay. Kelly is on the phone...be right back.

 Time to go home! This day has been pretty amazing. It has gone by so fast. Have been in such a great mood. Why, some days, do I struggle to even break a smile and some days I can't keep one off my face? West Wing is on tonight. I always say to Ari that I am going to jump on the bandwagon with this show, but I can never seem to commit to it. Tonight I will give it another try. If not, I am sure I can find a Trading Spaces episode somewhere. As though Frank and the crew haven't completely stepped on my last nerve. Have you noticed that when Frank creates a design for a room, there is a huge ROOSTER somewhere in it? Mmmm...maybe rooster will be what Rita, Kelly and I will have for dinner. SLURP. Alright all, have a great night! Thanks for the mostly drama free day. Much needed and appreciated. ADIOS!

 Alright all...I have just been informed that somebody is posting shit on Durbin's site again. Please, if you are a reader on my site and are going over there to do it, stop. Feel more than free to bash him here. He deserves that completely. Hell, I will probably say what a douchebag he is at least once a day, cuz, well...he is! But I don't want anyone zipping over to his shit site in my defense. I don't care to go there and I don't want to have to defend myself in the future. Thanks everyone. :) Have a happy Wednesday!

 WELCOME TO MY NEW SITE! YAY! I have picked a new template and cleaned up my act. I hope ya'll like it. I am pretty happy. I got rid of the poll and the weather thing, but it was time for that shit to go anyway. I mean, I am 25 years old now and I need to have a site that is going to be mature and respectable. (James Durbin is still a dirty bitch) See? Mature and respectable. Mmmm...Rita just brought me pizza. Time to go shove it into my face!!!!!!!!!

 What an absolutly beautiful day it is. I came into work a bit late today. Had some responsibilites at home. I got here around 11:15am and it feels so great to have like half of a work day. ROCK! The sun is shining, the birds are chirping, and the world just seems like a very happy place today. Yesterday was an ugly day. I spent a good majority of the day arguing online with fucking dorks. I refuse to ever revisit Jim Durbin again. I have sent messages to every person I know that blogs informing them of what a fucking waste of time this kid really is. Even though part of me is still a little annoyed that he is living and breathing on this planet, most of me just feels bad for him. He's sick and I feel that I may have made his mental state worse. Ah well. One bullet to his head will solve that problem. Snore. After yesterday's hullabaloo, I decided to take the comments off of my site. While I love hearing from Chevy, Fish, Adam, and the others, I feel that having comments on my site detracts even more so from what I originally had in mind for this journal. I don't want my site to be a forum. I want it to be a place where I can come, write what I want, and leave. Although the site isn't totally personal, it was more personal before I added the blog out section. I write in here to keep in touch with my close friends. On the rare occasion I even allow myself to fully let go and talk about things that actually mean something to me. Once I had my confrontation with Durbin the bitch, I decided that I don't trust him or anyone else for that matter to come in and say something childish and ultimately unimportant. So, sorry everyone. Please still feel free to email me and I will definitely still be checking out your sites. But Joe Cut the Shit needs to write for Joe Cut the Shit; without the worries of gaylords like James Durbin getting involved. BTW...Last night, while having a few beers with Rita, I came up with a new word. You know how there are people on this planet that act totally gay, but for some reason are totally straight? I mean, we have all met them. The kinds of guys that definitely have more feminine qualities than masculine qualities...yet they still happen to be heterosexuals?? Weird that that happens, but it does. So I have decided to call these people gaylords. So if I mention someone as a gaylord in the future, you will understand that they are a flaming homosexual in mannerisms, but not in sexuality preference. Kind of like James Durbin. HAHAHAHAHAHA. I fucking love saying his name. It makes me and my friends die laughing. We sat around last night talking about his horrible website for hours. I didn't realize how much his lame comments really bothered me at first, but once I realized that the kid really doesn't have much a following, that most people laugh behind his back and not to his face, I felt much better. I promise not to re-hash this over and over. Just had to get the last bit out today. If you are wondering what this shithead looks like, go to my link section and click on the link that says urlLink James Durbin is a bitch He is the ugly one on the left. :-D Don't fuck with Joe Cut the Shit, cuz I will send you to hell motha fucka!!!! ROFLROFLROFLROFLROFL! SLAM! What else... Kelly, Rita and I are having a house meeting tonight to discuss moving into Manhatten. We are just about ready. We are hoping that by years end, we will be comfortably resting in an apartment on the island. It's quite exciting. I think things will be much better for all of us if we are living in the actual city and not in a surrounding burrough. Wish us luck! Okay...I gotta take care of some annoying shit, but I will surely be back.

 So after fully housing a bagel this morning, Rita and I go to lunch to simply walk around the Upper West Side. Yeah...walk right to Burger King I mean. Do I ever stop? My stomach is so full of trash right now. I look like I have distended belly syndrome. Paul has been totally up my ass lately. It's very strange. Last week he basically begged me to go visit him in Boston, and while I would usually jump at the chance, I just felt as though I needed a weekend on my own in the city. I ended up staying here and had a pretty great time on Saturday night. This week, he is still finding a way to crawl inside of my ass and go right to my heart. He can be incredibly sweet when he wants to be. On more than one occasion today, I have stopped and thought about how adorable he really is. Well, Rita explained to me how adorable she thought he was and then I had to totally agree with her. I mean, whatever Rita says gos! His internship has just been extended through October and while that is great for him (meaning he may get transferred to NYC if he gets hired full time), it also means that I will be seeing much less of him. :( Haven't seen his face in about 2-3 weeks. Usually that is about all I can handle. This weekend my parents will be here, the weekend after, Rita's boyfriend will be here and the weekend after that... well, the weekend after that will make it 5 weeks apart. I can't stand this shit. Just be patient Joe. He is moving here in exactly two months. Two months from today that is. If he actually moves here and he and I see eachother every day, I am going to bust with happiness. I can't possibly imagine what it would be like to have a boyfriend that lives in the same exact city. WOW. The luxury of it all. K...guess that's it for now. Should probably try to do some actual office work. Oh and before I forget...the words of the day are: shit, douche, cunnilingus, feces, urine, period, and anything else that makes my humor base and not as pretentious as those I have recently encountered.

 Even do I amna bad writter, wil u all stil cum back end read me?

 THANK YOU TO MY FISH! What a wonderful and sweet girl she is. I met her the same night I met Doug and was absolutely blown away at how great she was! Ari likes her alot and they talk quite a bit during the day. Ari is constantly telling me stories as to how funny this girl is. Fish, if you are reading this...come back to NYC soon! Ari and I would love to take you out and spend more than 5 minutes in the same room as you. Tell me again WHY we separated and went different ways that night? Thanks for what you said on Jame's site. It gave me the warm fuzzies. Hopefully all of this madness burns itself out. How exhausting and utterly irritating. (I will work on my complex sentence structure) And CHEVY! You are the best always! I hope you realize that. Always looking out for your Joe Cut the Shit. ;)

 I feel so lucky to have friends that jump to my aid when things get sticky. If anyone gives me trouble, I can count on them to be there to take care of me. There are good people in this world. It is just hard to find them. Once you have, hold tight. They don't come around too often.

 I am so in the mood for a full Thanksgiving dinner today. I am starving. It's like I haven't eaten in years, yet I distinctly remember shoving my face last night at 11:30pm. I am going to take a run to the local deli. Maybe they will have a stuffed turkey sitting there, ready to be eaten for breakfast. If not, I guess a couple slices of pizza couldn't hurt. I mean, it's a VERY healthy way to start the day.

 Rita ROCKS! Have you seen what she wrote on ugly Doug's site? If not, you can visit my blogger shout out and see cuz she posted it in both places. I am so done with these two. They have such boring, unfulfilling lives that all they can think to do is write incessantly on their site about how ANGRY they are. LOL. I mean...these two are so fucking pathetic that I don't even know what to say anymore. I would LOVE to see this James Durbin character in person. Not only would he get my fist in his mouth, I would have a great time laughing his sorry ass right out of NYC. I love dorks that think they are cool. It's pretty entertaining. From this point on, we don't mention these two douchebags. They are losers. Big time losers and we don't deal with them anymore. I am upset with myself for even thinking any of this mattered in the first place. If you would like to see how human beings with no dignity or class conduct themselves, please visit my blogger shout out from yesterday and see what they wrote. Granted you will be appalled. I don't know of anyone who has read it and hasn't been. Luckily, I think I have pulled a few readers from their site and that does give me some sort of inconsequential victory. Ah...these horrible men are dead. DEAD! BTW...I have never met two straight men that act more like homosexuals in my life. Especially this James Durbin character. He just can't stop bringing it up. I feel bad for the poor guy. JAMES---Just admit it and then maybe you won't be such a nightmare of a human being. I will pray for you. Last night I met up with an old friend of mine named Joy. She and I were best friends in highschool and then some shit came between us. It has been about 3 or 4 years since we have been in touch. I had the best time hanging out with her last night. We laughed, we talked about old times. I absolutely loved being with her. I am hoping that we are going to be able to pick up where we left off. We are different people now, but I think better people. I got home around 9:30pm and hung out with Rita and Kelly for awhile. Kelly was drunk as well and we smoked a cigarette! Okay, I smoked like 5 yesterday. Not doing so well with this quitting thing. Yipes. My parents are coming this weekend for their bi-monthly "we come and play cards and drink with Joe's friends night". It's pretty fucking fun. Rita, Kelly and I will sit around with my parents and die laughing as we see them get wasted right before our eyes. My parents are just about the two coolest people on the planet and I am very much looking forward to spending the day with them. My mom has already asked me if I got "the pot" for this weekend. God! Could she BE more adorable? Could I BE more like Chandler just then? enough. So I find out last night that Road Rules is ending next week. Uh...what??? I know alot of you don't watch it and I totally understand. Not everyone is as much of a MTV reality TV junkie as myself. But I must admit...I am pretty sad to see this group go. I feel like I never really got the chance to know them. I mean, they didn't even invite me out for a drink. Thanks alot team. After I went and had that wonderful dream about all of you. Okay...Ari just pointed out the newest "entry" on my blogger shout out. Wow. I can't believe these two have taken this to that level. It should hurt. It definitely should sting a little. But you know what? It doesn't. These two have no balls. It's so mundane at this point. Ah well...time for a smoke. :(

 HAPPY 23rd BIRTHDAY TO MY WONDERFUL BROTHER! I just wish he was able to celebrate it today. Poor kid is stuck out in the field doing ARMY maneuvers until 12/17/02. I love you Winfield. Can't stop playing the Justin Timberlake CD over and over! I might need some serious therapy if I ever lose or damage this disc. Seriously, I am falling madly in love. Before it was just a deep yearning. Now it's full blown obsession. I'm comfortable with that. Had a great shift last night at the Gap. They put me on register again and I shined shined shined! At about 8pm, I took my 15 minute break and while I was standing there smoking my cigarette, Ari appears out of nowhere, walking her baby boy. In this case, baby boy = a dog named Riley. Don't get nervous ya'll; she don't got no human baby yet. Phew. I don't know if I am ready to be a father yet. We smoked a butt together and then she went back to her apartment. At 9:15pm, I took my 45 minute break and scooted on over to her pad and we smoked a bong together and I was able to rest my weary legs. It was the best 45 minutes of my whole day. After I returned to work, stoned and happy, the night just FLEW by. I may have to consider smoking pot during every shift. Even if it means hiding out in the fitting rooms with my new bong. I think they'd be cool with that. As I was walking back from Ari's apartment, I stepped within inches of a hypodermic needle. Yes, NYC really does have needles lying on the ground. SICK! and scary! and I also used it cuz I wanted to know what it felt like to share a needle with a stranger. BTW, it felt kinda good. I got home around 1am and Kelly, Rita, Angie and I sang La Cucaracha while Angie smashed the shit out of her "Hello Kitty" Pinata. Rita had stocked the thing FULL with amazing candy. We all ate one piece together, talked a bit more, and then it was time for bed. I think my head hit the pillow some time around 2:15am. A very long day. I am off work tonight so I am THRILLED to go home, drink a few glasses of wine, sing for a bit, put away my laundry, and relax my worn and torn body. What a great and QUIET evening it will be. Actually, Kelly's parents are coming into town tonight instead of tomorrow due to this supposed "massive snowstorm we are going to get tonight". I don't know how much I believe in it, but it would be pretty exciting to wake up to snow on the ground. And right before Thanksgiving. To me, that is a beautiful thing. If there is more than 2 inches on the ground, I will be creating a snow man masterpiece outside my bedroom window. Then I will pee on it so that it looks just like a true to form NY'er snowman. Everyone walks around with pee on them here. It's just how things are done. I guess Paul signed his lease yesterday. He called me at work ONCE during the whole day, but I happened to be out at lunch. Then he never called back. He is switching his service on his cell phone, so it has been out of commission for the last couple of days. Also, his home phone has no long distance because he and his roommate have cellies (as they call them) (trust me, my boyfriend really ISN'T flaming). I have no idea if he is living or dead at this point. Imagine he moved to Idaho or something and never told me? This whole time I thought he was signing a lease in NYC, but in reality he was just playing me for a fool. I hate foolery. So one more ridiculous thing before I go finish up my bullshit work related nonsense... Yesterday morning, when my alarm went off, urlLink Z100 (my flavorite radio station) was talking about the Sopranos episode from the night before. Now, I don't watch the Sopranos , cuz I simply don't have the time, but they played a scene from Sunday night's episode. In the scene, Tony is telling Dr. Malfey (Malfee? MalFe? stuart?) that he doesn't want to participate in anymore therapy sessions with her. She tells him that he should just come back for one more session and he says "No, I'm done". Then he proceeds to shoot her in the face. She screams and hits the floor. Dead. You see...he kills her cuz she knows too much about him. I GASP and wonder why I haven't found the time to watch this show. What a cool concept. They proceeded to talk about the episode at great length and I immediatly found my conversation piece for the day. As soon as Ari came into work, I asked her if she had seen the episode. She said "no" and I pumped it up like nobody's bihness. I told her that the episode was HUGE and that she should do all that she could to avoid any sort of recap on it during the day, so as not to spoil it for herself. I talked about it ALL day. Then last night when I got home, I did the same thing with Kelly, who has as of late, been watching the show. Both of them were curious and thrilled to see what the big deal was. This morning when my alarm went off, Z100 was fielding angry phone calls from listeners who were questioning why Z100 would pull such a horrible prank on their listeners. I find out that they made up the entire thing. The scene I heard on the radio was exerpts from past episodes and it was put together so BRILLIANTLY that everyone bought right into it. I was DUPED by Z100 and that makes me embarrassed as well as totally overjoyed. I don't fool easily and they got me! That makes two times in the last year that I have fallen for media pranks. Remember the Real World Vancouver bullshit from a couple months ago? Well, that one made me physically angry. This stunt makes me smile and think to myself: "Why am I such a ridiculous monster?" Alrighty all! Have a great night and think about this final thought: "If a comedianne boofs on a subway, does the humor of it all make the smell worth it?" yikes. I need sleep.

 Yesterday afternoon I was able to come home from work and sleep for 2 hours before I had to go back. The first hour was uneventful as I really was just tossing and turning, but during the second hour I had the most intense and REALISTIC dream! I know ya'll love it when I write about my dreams, so here it is: I was rushing home on the subway so that I could go to sleep for a couple of hours before I had to go back to work at the Gap. I was supposed to be there by 3pm. (so far, this part of the dream was parralleling my real life) I get off at my subway stop and my friends Hannah and Kelly pick me up and we decide to get ice cream at the local urlLink Stewarts Shop . We are all in great moods and the sun is beating down on our faces. We drive for a bit, blaring music and laughing. Finally we arrive at the "Stewarts" and I notice that it is 2pm. "Hurry up everyone, I gotta get back to work by 3!", I emote. We go inside and start choosing our ice cream flavors. Wouldn't you know it, a girl that I was VERY good friends with in highschool, "Dayana Krawchuk" appears out of nowhere and is like: "Joe? Joe CuttheShit? HOW ARE YOU?" I am THRILLED to see her and we immediately hug. She introduces me to the 35 friends she has brought with her. Yes, that is correct. She had like 35 people with her...all girls. I meet them all and they act as though I am some sort of celebrity. They hang on my every word and laugh at all my lame jokes. At this point, Kelly is eating her ice cream in a corner booth all alone. Hannah comes over and says hi to Dayana, but it seems as though Dayana is more concerned with me than her. Hannah feels dejected and goes to sit with Kelly. I get a tap on my shoulder and this girl, whom I have never met, hands me a black cherry ice cream cone, but instead of black cherries, there are huge chocolate chunks. I love it and eat the whole thing in two seconds. Then I announce that I am going to get a second cone, when Kelly calls out : "Joe, we have to go or else you are going to be late for work!" She's right! I quickly say goodbye to the 35 random girls that I have just met. Dayana decides that she wants to drive me to work and I tell Hannah to just go home. (Real nice of me, I know. I don't have much class in my dreams.) Dayana's car is silver and looks like a porsche or something. I am sitting in the front seat and Kelly is sitting in the back seat. We are cruising along, when suddenly the car takes a sharp left turn up this grass covered rock garden and Dayana scrapes the entire lower half of her car on a rock bed. It basically guts the car. We sit there all shooken up at the accident we have just gotten into. Suddenly I start to panic. "I HAVE to get to work. It's only my 3rd day!", I scream. Dayana pushes a button on the dashboard and the car starts up again, cept when we start to move, it's no longer a porsche, it's a silver wind up car and it is impossible to control. She smashes the car about every half mile. Once we hit a tree, another time we hit a telephone poll. Each crash made me increasingly more upset and I was literally clawing the skin off my face, cuz I KNEW I was going to get fired from my job. Finally I tell Dayana that "I'm driving" and I move into the driver's seat. I bust my feet through the bottom of the car and I run us all the way home. (No seriously, I ran it home like a Flintstone car). We round the corner and I pull into my parent's house in Albany. My dad is busy working on a rose garden he has just planted. We jump out and I say to my father "Look who I ran into?? Dayana!" My dad says: "Joe, there are some people here to see you". The 35 girls we left at Stewarts coming running out from behind my house and start cheering for me. I take a few bows and ask Kelly what time it is. She says: "8pm". I say "WHAT!!!!????!?!?!?!?! OMIGOD! I am TOTALLY FIRED!" My dad says: "Calm down, we will figure this out. What lie can we use?" I say: "There is no lie to be used! I fucked up! I totally fucked up." I reach into the bag I was carrying and pull out my cigarettes. When I go to remove one from the pack, I notice a pill of ecstacy sitting in the cellophane wrapper. I try to hide it, but my dad says: "What's that pill?" My stomach clenches and I say: "Nothing!" He asks to see the pack. I pull it back out of my bag and realize that it's not one pill in my bag, it's like 15 and they are all shoved into the wrapper all crazy like. My dad takes the pack and tells me: "These pills are no good. You should get the red ones." The 35 random girls voice a resounding "Yes you should" and I realize that I am not in trouble with him at all. In fact, he has given me excellent advice on which pills of ecstacy are better. I start to smoke a cigarette while the 35 girls go running crazily through my yard. ------end scene------I wake up-------- The phone rings in my bedroom and my dad is calling to ask how the job at the Gap is going. I wake up totally disoriented and tell him about the crazy dream I just had. I swear, it felt so REAL as it was happening. I was convinced that I was fired from the Gap and that there IS such a thing as a silver Flintstone car. HOW RANDOM! I knew I had to lay it down in this journal. Dreams like this should never be forgotten. Fuck you Gap for making me crazy in my head.

 It feels REALLY good not to have a weekend at all. SIKE! It sucks! I have spent the last 72 hours at the Gap. Seriously. I worked 24 hours this weekend. I slept for like 11. It was awful. I still have the tired buzzing in my head. Getting 3 hours of sleep a night is by far one of the worst things on the planet. Yet, I pulled through. I work AGAIN tonight and then I have tomorrow night off. Thank God. I was originally scheduled to work, but my my (music hits me so hard, makes me say "oh my lawd"...) GM (General Manager) took me off the schedule because I had complained to her the day before. My average work week at the Gap was supposed to be 35 hours. UM! That is more than I work at my FULL TIME day job! Hopefully we got it worked out so that I am only working between 25-30 hours a week. FUCK. Are these people kidding me? But on the plus side, my co-workers and managers are nothing short of wonderful. They are all nice to me and willing to help. Of course there are the few that I think suck, but that's just cuz they think they are God's gift to "Gap". But whatevs, cuz really...if they believe that then they've got their own massive issues. We had this full staff holiday meeting yesterday at 7am (meaning I had to get up at fucking 5am after having worked until 12am the night before) and I was shocked at how great all of the people were. During the meeting there were games and prizes and I walked away with some good shit. I got a $25 gift card to use in the store, as well as a $10 Virgin Records gift certificate and ALSO $10 in McDonald's coupons. AWESOME, right? For doing nothing, but showing up and answering a few questions about Gap products. Now, if the rest of the job could be so damn cool. My legs and back are so sore! I go through moments of complete and utter exhaustion and then I get my 3rd and 4th wind and I am okay. More than anything, I want this job to be overwith. Just 6 more weeks to go! Yay! :-0**** that's me vomiting. Paul comes into town today to sign the lease to his new apartment. I mean, is he really going to be living here in 6 days? ~AYIYI~ Angie spends tonight as her last night in NYC. Her last night for 6 months or so. She left me with her Playstation 2 and her bong! What more could a girl like me ask for? I haven't looked to see what games she left behind, but I did see that she has the urlLink Britney Spear's Dance Game I am so playing that as soon as I get the chance. I want to get her moves down so Justin will do me good. Yes, I said "do me good". My fingernails are doing so poorly lately. I have been chomping on them so vigorously that it makes me kinda nervous. The bad part is that I just LOVE biting them. They taste so good! Like chocolate covered fingers. oh. that might be poop I'm tasting. To celebrate Angie's big trip to Mexico, Kelly is taking her out to dinner and then Rita will meet them for drinks. When I get home around 1am, we will smash open a pinata and then we will probably do La Cucaracha and go to bed. I said last week that I was probably not going to be able to go home for Thanksgiving and luckily that has changed. I am leaving at 8:30am on Thursday and coming back at 9am on Friday. Kind of a whirlwind trip, but it will be worth it. I can't imagine not being able to be with my family on this holiday. Or really any holiday for that matter. The 'rents told me that they were throwing a New Year's Eve party again this year and while I would love to go, I will have to work at the Gap. I told them that they should cancel the party and come spend New Year's with us down in the city. I think they might actually do it. Then YES Kelly, we will stop by to have drinks with you or to celebrate the 12am countdown with you or sumptin sumptin. Why do I feel like I will be the one coordinating everyone's schedules? That's ridiculous. But probably the only way everything will run smoothly. And why am I stressing about New Year's today when Thanksgiving is literally in 3 days? Cuz I am an anal monster that drives myself to the point of lunacy over minutia. That's the word of the day today: Minutia (the smallest, most trivial of details) So I am just about the WORST folder to ever work at the Gap. I have figured out a way to hide pieces of clothing in the store so that no one will ever know the better. I am the best at covering up my lack of skillz. There is this guy that I work with named Eli. Member when I was having dreams about him for awhile and for some reason I was like in love with him? Well, nothing much has changed between he and I since that time, except now I hate him. I don't have any idea why, either. I mean, I hate lots of people. I am totally intolerant of anyone and anything that gets under my skin. While Eli is a very nice and pleasant person, I find myself wanting to grab him by his little neck so that I can ring the life out of him. And the best part about it is that he does nothing purposely wrong. NOTHING. Yet, when I see him, I want to punch. He's not an ugly guy, by any means, but I do believe that his face is slowly melting off. I have said this to Rita on numerous occassions, and while she laughs each time I say it, she is always perplexed as to what I really mean when I say it. This is what I mean: urlLink Example of Eli's melting face He just drives me crazy for no reason at all. GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRAWR! I probably shouldn't have worn the tightest shirt I own on a day when I have to work for 15 hours. Okay, Eli just walked up to my computer and I thought he saw the picture of his melting face. I got nervous, but then I remembered "His face is so melty, his vision is probably blurry, so he can't read over people's shoulder's so well". (snicker) Okay, Angela, the housekeeper in my building, just came up to me and told me that she was putting the fruit we got for a fruit salad "upstairs" so that I could "go cut it up when I get the chance". Okay, is she kidding? I think she is, but part of me thinks she's serious. I ain't cuttin that shit! FUCK! What IS this place? Did I get hired to cut fucking fruit? Prolly. So tired right now. A wave of exhaustion has just clouded my eyes. And I am starving AGAIN! I have already had my daily roll with butter and vitamin water. Now I am ready for a steak dinner. "did you say STEAK?" ---- horrible reference to "Deuce Bigalow Male Gigolo" There is a crazy man in my office right now. cuhRAZY man with a huge egg on his forehead. Cuz HOW did he get that shit on his face? Like I should talk...I get weird things on my face all the time. They just haven't been in the form of a Robin's egg yet. I wish I could take a nap now. fuzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzy I gotta go put my head down on my desk for a minute. for a minutia I mean. X-(

 urlLink urlLink Which Rocky character are you?

 So wow. Everything is changing right before my eyes. I mean, I know that with this journal I am notorious for saying that things are changing and that I am due for some sort of comeback within my life. But I feel like this time its for real. I know this sounds stupid, but I work at the Gap. I mean, Joe Cuttheshit works at the Gap. Joe Cuttheshit doesnt work at the Gap. Joe Cuttheshit doesnt work a second job period. But here I am...trying my best to guide my life into a healthier direction. A life filled with no booze, no slack time, and no life that isnt anything, but productive. Tonight was my one night off. I am sort of understanding how Kelly feels when she has to work every single night knowing that she can only see her roommates once a week or so... Weird, cuz before I didnt get that and now I kinda do. Last night, when I found out that I wouldnt have to work this evening, I thought FUCKING YES! I can get drunk with Rita and not feel guilty for doing it! I can earn my night of drinking instead of relying on it. You see... I dont think that I am addicted ( you could get...addicted ) to alcohol; I think I am addicted to the feeling I get hanging out with my friends while having a few beers on the table. Going into tonight, I knew that this was my night to drink. I knew deep down that it couldnt be CRAZY and go all night because its a Thursday and there is work to do tomorrow, but at the same time, I looked forward to tonight as though it was my own personal weekend. I have to work at my day job tomorrow and at the Gap for just about all of Friday and Saturday. I am used to having one night watching movies and one night going out on the town. Wow. Everythings changing. I had the most amazing time with Rita tonight. We discussed some very personal issues that are plaguing both of our otherwise perfect lives. Lots of shit has been going on with the three housemates lately and none of it is journal business at this point. Eventually I will spill the beans, but for now, the three of us are really finding ourselves in not only the city, but in our personal lives as well. We are learning, very gradually, what our purpose is in this great big world. I know it sounds lame, but it is so tragically true. I count on the fact that those who read my journal understand that this is a journal and that there is so much more going on behind the scenes. Its focused on what I see in my every day life as well as how I feel feel expressing myself on that given day. So I have just inundated you with non-sequential bullshit, but I think that you understand my freeverse. tangent. whatever. I love my Rita. In a way that would make a grown man cry. A big hairy trucker grown man even. I dont wax philosophic nearly enough about her. At this point in my life, I find myself as a cojoined twin. Siamese baby if you will. Rita and I work together, come home together, go out together, have the same friends, watch movies together, buy underwear together, and even call out the fact that we are at that moment taking our daily shit. Its a little bizarre and somewhat cartoonish at the same time. I am constantly writing in here about the levels that Kelly and I are conquering, yet Rita remains a complete mystery. All that is ever said is that she is funny and likes BBQ and got me hooked on this journal. But in all reality, she is ties it all together. Kelly and Rita serve very different purposes in my life. Kelly knows me in one way and Rita knows me in another. Both of them are one of 8 people that mean the world to me. 8 people that comprise my entire existence on this planet. If all of them were to die in some freak ridiculous accident, I would be forced to kill my own person, because I would have no one. I dont think I need to explain who these people are, because that would make this even that much more staged and cliche, but I do need to say that yes Ari, I consider you one of these 8 people. ***DISCLAIMER---IF YOU ARE NOT ARI FEEL FREE TO SLIP THIS PART ENTIRELY*** You are my NYC life. At least at this point. I know you and I have thus begun to understand you. You have taught me so much about myself that I couldnt begin to thank you. You and I have that relationship where we hate and love eachother so intensely. We dont fight, but when we do its scathing, no matter how it happens. Yet, as personal as these moments get, I find myself talking about you and explaining who you are to people that dont even know you. You are a huge part of my life and I am so glad tht I have gotten to the point (regardless of age and all of our other society based stipulations) where I truly know who you are . You amaze me. I see through that hard exterior. You know I do. I happened to be talking about you with Rita tonight, as I often do...and I realized once again how integral the part you play in my life really is. So whatever snores. Thank you. You are one of the 8. Please love it. ***DISCLAIMER OVER! DONT ACT LIKE AN ASSHOLE, I TOLD YOU IT WAS FOR ARI!*** All of my friends serve this incredibly important function in my life. I just wanted to highlight Rita tonight. She started me on this journal. I read hers before she even got here. She allowed me to actually experience it. Cuz see, with Rita...it was never about the site meter. It was about the love of writing. I have tried to put a guest book and comments on my page and while I think that that is totally appropriate for some journals, based on the writers purpose, I dont think it is right for mine. Rita taught me to write for me and as much as I dont think that I open up nearly enough in here, I have sessions of writing where I find myself pouring out my soul. So Rita has been the influence of this particular journal. This girl just gets me. She looks at me directly in the eye and before I can even conceptualize the thought of having a bad day, she says to me: Are you alright? And I fucking hate that! I always respond with Yes. Are YOU alright? Then 20 minutes later I am down and out in my so called Beverly Hills life and I say "Fine, I suck today.". She just knows. She gives great advice, she has a great laugh, and she is the first person that I have spent 18 hours a day with, every day, and never bores me. Tonight, for example, we came home knowing that we were having wine...despite the fact that she battled a headache and post -Billy Blanks Tai Bo - recovery all day. Shes crazy. She also ate an entire bag of Haribo Raspberries today and felt so physically nautious and full of guilt that every sentence began with Hi, I ate all of the raspberries in my special bag, um...sorry bout that....do you want me to fax that donor opportunity to the president of the board. Seriously, she made herself ill. And I laughed all day. As quoted by Rita in an email around 11am this morning: Joe, I made a mistake. I bought a bag of Haribo Raspberries and ate the entire thing just now. Forgive me baby Jesus. I just ate em and ate em and now I am sick. So I laugh and think: "You weigh 17 ounces and need to have this experience every morning before 11am. Wait..."You ate that entire bag before 11am?" hahahha please I drink a bottle of pepsi on my way to my shower. BTW...Kelly has been swimming alot lately and has really huge biceps. No, I am not kidding. They are better than mine. Um...do I want Kelly cuz she is a bodybuilder? interesting... So yeah...I started this thing wanting to say how great Rita is and instead I go on and on about how shes ridiculous. hahahahaha oh. BTW...why am I hahahahaing all the time now. Its not like I am sitting in my chair and literally hahahahahahaing? As Rita says: Stop writing to me in your fake ass emoticon faces. Okay, she never said it like that (cuz we are polite middle class citizens), but the point was taken. A couple months ago we created nicknames. Hers in Ladle and Mine is Boobie. I know its strange and doesnt make sense, but to us, when it is said...it does. It really does. Everythings okay if its: Goodnight Boobie and in response Goodnight Ladle. Truthfully. I am totally satisfied and in some ways personally moved by how wonderful my weekend was. I had tonight and Rita made it the best. We got home at 6pm and sat in front of the television, without it even turned on, and talked for 4 straight hours. Then she had to go to bed. Just talked. My housemates are bomb. They really are. They are my best friends in the world and I defintiely couldnt have asked for a better people to share this time with. While we all struggle and fall...these are the people that are going to pick you up and (sometimes literally) put you back on your feet. I am lucky. Gosh, after all this, how can I ever write about my life being shit?

 HELLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! What a couple of days! I mean, DAYIM! I am officially an employee at the Gap. I had my orientation on Tuesday night and last night I worked my first shift. I was most nervous that my co-workers were going to be assholes and unwilling to help me in learning the ropes. When I first moved to NYC, I transferred from a Boston TGIFriday's to a Manhattan TGIFriday's and the experience was nothing short of hell; mostly because the people treated me like stank garbage. But the people at the Gap were wonderful to me. They were friendly and helpful and I even got asked out on a date! This girl Dolores (btw she is 19 years old) asked her friend Pillar if she would ask me if I had a girlfriend and/or to a movie. I was very flattered, but soon realized that nobody had any idea that I am gay and that I was going to have to make a decision as to how I am going to play this all out. I mean, I don't give a shit if they know I am gay, but now I have given them the impression that I am straight and blah blah lame-o blah. In conclusion, I said I was in a "relationship", but it was in no way as ambiguous as it sounds. They all think I am straight. Plus! Where are the rest of the gay people that work at the Gap? Isn't that what the Gap is known for? Or is it Banana Republic that is known for gays? I work with mostly Latinas, but some black guys/girls too. They all treated me with nothing but respect and at no point did I feel uncomfortable or out of the loop. I was quite relieved. However, the job is fucking hard! I mean, standing on your feet for the entire shift, on top of folding clothes over and over and over and over and over and over and, yeah you get the point. I didn't even know how to fold when I walked in the door last night. Now I get the jist of it, but it's still not one of my strongest of suits. Folding pants is easy, but the turtlenecks? That shit be hard! Every pile of clothes I made looked like someone had shit them out of their ass. Whatever, I'll learn. I do get a discount of 50% off on all their clothing! FUCKING AWESOME! But the discount is limited to a certain number of items a month and at no time am I allowed to give it to anyone else. I must use my own debit card when making the purchase and if I am caught buying female clothes with my discount, I get fired on the spot. They call it "Discount Delinquency" or "Discount Fraud" or something equally as cheesy. I am off tonight, which is awesome because I SERIOUSLY need a glass of wine and at least 7 beers. Probably the worst part of the job is the schedule. Here is what I have to deal with this weekend: Friday: 6-11pm Saturday: 7-9am (Cash Register Training) then again from 6-11pm. Sunday: 7-9am (All staff Holiday meeting) At 7 fucking am???? What the jizz is that???? So essentially I will be getting up earlier this weekend then I do normally for my full time job. Ah geez. It's all good. I promised myself that if at any point I can't handle it anymore or I just despise it with my every being, I will just quit. I am going to do my best to stick it out for as long as I can. But if I don't think that I have an "out" with this thing, it will destroy me and fast. So that's that! WELCOME TO THE GAP! Everything else in my life is pretty snores for right now. Paul will be moving to NYC in 10 days. OH YAYAYAYAYAYAY! I can't believe it. The good thing about the Gap is that it is three stops from Paul's new apartment. It will take me about 15 minutes to get there. Not bad, eh? Everything is really working out in that area. He comes in Monday to sign his lease and then it's time for lovin. And maybe some sex. I mean, am I really going to be a 26 year old virgin? That is just about the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard of. I thought that being a 25 year old virgin was crazy, but 26???? YIPES! Stripes. Fruit stripes gum. Just stick it in me already. sheesh. So...what else? Our good friend, Angie, is moving to Chiapas, Mexico in a couple of weeks. Angie has lived either with us, or upstairs from us, since we moved to NYC. She is Kelly's ex-girlfriend and one of my oldest and most favorite friends. It is going to be incredibly sad to see her go. Especially for Kelly. Angie has decided that she wants to go to Chiapas for 6 months to have the experience of her life. She will be teaching poor kids how to take pictures with a digital camera and then post them on the internet. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I am serious. And then Angie will leave Chiapas, take her camera with her, and the kids will be left with nothing, but memories. Hm. yeah. Great educational program. Angie will be back in NYC sometime next summer. Kelly is trying to get all of us together on Monday night so that we can take her out for drinks and the such. I am probably going to have to work at the Gap and that pisses me off, cuz I don't want to miss out on the event. I am really hoping that with the grace of God, I will get scheduled every other day and not that day. It will be the last time I see Angie for awhile. Who knows. You gotta do what you gotta do. I told Paul about the get together since he will be in NYC on Monday to sign his lease. He was like "If I stay in the city that night, I will go to Angie's thing." I'm like: "If I have to work that night, you will not be going to Angie's thing." Of course that comment resulted in a fight and I haven't decided yet if he is allowed to go. I mean, of COURSE he can go. But I don't want to miss out on something with MY friend that he gets to be a part of. Plus, I am not about to get out of work on Monday and have him be completely trashed from having hung out with everyone else. I told him to go back to Boston right after he signed his lease. Real mature of me, I know. But whoever said that I had to be mature when it came to my relationship with Paul? I think I have proven myself to be QUITE the psycho when it comes to how I react to him during most of our conversations. So that's that. I want Angie to be happy and when it comes down to it, if Paul is going to be in the city, he can go to her thing. But he can also stay overnight at her place, cuz I am not about to have him jamming his drunk fingers in my sober ass when I get home. Ari was just reading an article that called "Sisco (thong thong thong lame thong)" an openly gay music artist. WHAT?????????? I don't EVER remember Sisco saying that he was gay. I mean, of COURSE he's gay. But please don't tell me that he is doing anything in the way of trailblazing for future gay artists. The kid's an ugly, horrible bitch that does complete injustice to anything respectable. Please don't let him get kudos for this. MMMMM....kudos. Member them? I remember when I was in middle school that if you had a Kudos in your lunch, you were the cool kid at school. I always had those nasty orange peanut butter filled crackers. I mean, I ate them all in one bite, cuz I was gigantor, but still.... As you see, I was not the cool kid in my school. I was a fat spikey haired gay kid. with cheesy crackers. Wow. I am so glad that I look and act the way I do now. (Rita hates it when I talk about what a horrible beast I was when I was little) (It makes her sad) (it makes me glad to be 25) What else.... Tonight I get drunk! Can you believe I haven't had a drink since last Saturday? I feel healthy and alive and ready to get blasted! I have actually earned it this week. I mean, now that I work two jobs and all. hahahaha. pth. AIGHT! Guess that is it for now. Peace be with you my little gaylords.

 Just got back from buying a new sweater to wear to my first shift at the Gap. It is simple, yet elegant. And it cost me 40 fucking dollars! It was like the cheapest thing they had. Why is it that in order to start a new job, one has to pay money, whether it be for new attire, equipment, or briefcases? Like I would ever need a briefcase for any of the jobs I apply for. Wish me luck! My fingers are already starting to bleed thinking about the amount of clothes they will be folding. I LOVE my life!!!

 Okay...just got another email back from my dad. They are definitely NOT coming down for Thanksgiving. So unless I get off Wednesday night at the Gap, I will not be able to spend the holiday with them. Hmmmm....that breaks my heart. But if that's the decision that they have made, then that is the decision they have made. I will do my own thing and pretend like the event isn't even happening. Sounds like a plan to me. Wow. Getting older really sucks.

 Back at work having had quite the long weekend. Was out yesterday due to the migraine from hell. It's still not completely gone, but I can feel it dissipating with each minute. I spent 48 hours laying in bed holding my head. It was the most fun. NO! The most fun was when I was waiting for the subway yesterday... I was standing there, nautious as fuck, when suddenly a burp of vomit came into my mouth and spewed onto my nice work pants. I was mortified and when two nice ladies asked me if I was okay. I screamed "I'm FINE! I'M FINE!!!!" and ran away as fast as possible. Back to bed I went. Saw My Big Fat Greek Wedding this weekend. It was pretty good. Not what I expected and not nearly as entertaining as I thought it would be. But glad I saw it! Now I never have to again! :-D Other than that the weekend was pretty snores. Kelly, Rita and I got blasted in our apartment on Saturday night and that's always fun. Paul has decided to definitly take the East Village apartment and will be moving in on December 1st as planned. That is one week from Sunday! It is actually happening! I have to admit, when I think about it I get very happy inside. It is like the best thing to happen since pizza with bleu cheese. Two years of waiting...and now 10 more days until it is a reality! I have yet to see the apartment, but for the amount of money they spent on it, I know it will be beautiful. I was told that it is very small as most village apartments are, but as long as he is happy, I am happy. I am not going to be able to go home for Thanksgiving due to my new job at the Gap. It will be my first Thanksgiving not in my house in Albany, which is weird and makes me sad. I mentioned this to my parents last week and my mom said that they were going to try to figure things out so that we could do Thanksgiving at my house in NYC. That made me feel so good. Then I come into work today to get an email from my dad that says: "Not having you home for Thanksgiving is a real downer for all of us, but it is really not surprising with a retail job...no way you'd get out of Black Friday tho I did think you could get home Weds and head back Thurs evening...but you gotta do what you gotta do..." Does this mean that they AREN'T coming down for the holiday? If so, that was a pretty shitty way of telling me. Whatever. I'm not going to think about it. Worst case scenario, I rent movies and watch them in the house alone. Fine with me. Kelly invited me to go to dinner with her family, but I really don't want to do that. I absolutely adore her family. They are the best. But spending the holiday with anyone other than Paul or my family is not something I want to do. I don't know. It sucks, but I have dealt with it and it will be fine. My brother will be spending his birthday and Thanksgiving stuck out in a marsh with nothing to eat, but military food and water. If he can suffer through this holiday in the freezing rain, I can surely suck it up in my warm apartment. Right? Right. And maybe I am wrong. Maybe they are still planning on coming down. Who knows. I have training at the Gap tonight from 5-9pm. Last thing I want to do on the planet is go to the fucking Gap from 5-9pm. Once I am there I will be glad that I went. Gets me out of the house and will definitly give me the chance to meet some new people. Not that I am concerned with that. I like having 4 friends in NYC. It pretty much.... yeah it sucks. Alright...this journal is pissing me off today. It's like everything I write is reminding me what a frustrating existence I have. Maybe that's my cue to sign off. Will be back when I am more ready to take on some of the issues mentioned in this entry.

 I have a patch of dry skin on my face that will never go away. No amount of lotion or steroid cream seems to kill it. It is this big: O I hate it more than I hate just about anything else on my body. Well, to be honest, it's a toss up between the dry patch and the spare tire I got resting on my waist. Both combined make me one fiercely ugly bwah! Paul is out looking at apartments right now. I wish he would just settle on one already! I want to start picking out things for the house. I told him last night that I was fully building things for his apartment a la TRADING SPACES. I am going to put on my best "Hilde" costume and go to town. But in order to do that the kid needs to settle on a place. He keeps thinking he will find one that is just that much better. ARGH! Do you have any idea how happy I am during the day when I know that I will be seeing Paul later on in the night? I mean, just about THE happiest boy on the planet. Pretty soon I will have everyone I love the most all in one place. Kelly, Rita, Paul, Mariah...ROCK! Last night he and I went to KFC and housed a family size bucket of garbage. I am in no way a fan of KFC, but after smoking the biggest joint humanely possible, the chicken tasted just that much better. Plus I doused it in Blue Cheese so that I would be able to meet my calcuim requirements for the day. You know. It makes sense. Really. Yeah, I am a FAT ass. With blue cheese legs. Penelope went to the dentist and I am at work alone now. Well, Rita is here, but she is in her office with her best friend Debbie. They are sucking on cough drops together. yew! Rita and I are going to go to this gay bar "Albatross" for happy hour. Paul is going to see a couple more places and then meet us there for a few more vodka tonics. I will only be having juice as I will be driving there. BOO WAH! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Never ever ever will that be the case. Today has been the most draggingest day of my life. Work blows and I can't fucking wait to escape from here. It's just about 4:15pm and I watch the clock tick by in manner of something slow. Yeah! Wow. I am so incredibly snoresville today. I have no sense of humor, nothing clever to contribute... But at least I haven't talked about shitting or pissing. I know how some of you get squemish about poop and pee. Just try eating some. It will cure you from being grossed out by it. :-X Tomorrow night the movie Pumping Iron will be on Cinemax. You KNOW I will be taping that shit. It's like my own personal porno. I love the fact that all of these huge bodybuilder guys thought that they were making the movie to educate the world on the mechanics of the sport of bodybuilding. SUCKERS! I will sit there naked and pulling on my dick to show my understanding! Maybe I will even play with my balls too, just to give them that extra zing! ZING! These are the things I want to do this weekend: 1) Go see a movie and drink a 40 while it is showing. 2) Piss in a cup like I did while watching "The Ring". (I mean, do YOU want to miss part of a movie just to use the bathroom?) 3) Hang with Mariah and her roommate Joanna. Rita and I are hoping that they will return my calls and get some drinks with us. It's been TOO long since we have all been together. 4) Sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep 5) Sweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep - the w + an L = (more) Sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep 6) Figure out a way to hook up my playstation. I miss playing video games. 7) Rub my balls on Rita's face. NO JOKE! One time, I was drunk, but not nearly as drunk as Rita. She was sitting on the couch on the verge of passing out and I went over to her, unzipped my pants and rubbed my bag of balls all over her face. After about 2 minutes of this, she raised her head and was like "Wha?" I said: "Go back to sleep...I am rubbing my balls on your face." She said: "Ok. Carry on" and went back to passing out. So of course, I "Carried on" by continuing to rub the bag up and down her left cheek. If you know Rita, you know that she is SO serious about what touches her face. She has a face washing regimine that takes about an hour to do. She would NEVER, no matter how wasted she is, forget to wash and cleanse her skin. But that night, she went to bed with at least two of my pubes resting high and proud on her cheekbone. SICK! I don't know what I am more sorry for...actually rubbing my balls on her face, or for telling the story in here. Good thing she is such a good sport about it all. Good thing, cuz I am doing it again to her this weekend. (sssh...don't tell her that I am keeping this journal. That way she will never know!) Alright...this entry today is full of nothing, but ridiculousness. I must go and finish up some shit before I leave this hell hole! PEAYCE! and a bag of balls.

 Sup peeps?! Just ate the most wonderful roll with butter. It's my new thing now. I get a Vitamin Water and a roll with butter every morning. With all of the breakfast possibilities out there, why I have chosen to stick with this simple pleasure, is beyond me. But I eat it and I love it. Had a great night last night. I am now a proud employee of the Gap on the Upper East Side. I had my interview last night and it went smashing! I shmoozed my ass off and was able to snag the whole week of Christmas off. They were like: "We don't usually hire holiday staff if they are not able to work during the time around the holidays." I batted my eyelashes and made some jokes and then the lady was like: "You know what? Since you are so charming, we would be pleased to offer you the job regardless of Christmas week." HA! They are also paying me $9 an hour! ROCK OUT! They said the average pay at the Gap is like $7, but since I basically mind fucked the lady that interviewed me, she offered me more. Amazing! Thank you to God for this job. After that I went home and talked to Kelly about the show we are going to be putting up. We came up with some wonderful ideas and it really seems as though she and I are on the same page with everything. We are setting the tentative completion date for the show as March 1st. I am sure it will be a little before or after that date and as soon as I know more details, I will be posting all of the information on here. Cuz of COURSE you are going to want to come and see it. I just know it! Once the talk was finished, Kelly made us some DAMN GOOD turkey burgers. It was my first time tasting such a thing. I think I may have had one in the past, but I remember hating it with all of my being. I am a burger kind of guy, so I get skeptical with things like veggie burgers and the like. But this burger was FINE and I asked it out on a date after Kelly went to bed. While we were bullshitting, waiting for the burgers to be done, I read Kelly urlLink A Girl Named Bob's entry from two days ago. I was so moved by what she had written that I just had to share it with someone. That Bob is quite a writer. I fully identify with alot of what she writes about. Especially now that her boyfriend has moved to California. When I got close to the end of her entry about the visit to Cali., I actually got a little choked up. I felt so sad for her. I have been in her place for the last two years. What with my boyfriend living in Boston and me in NYC. It is SO difficult to live like that. I think that in the two years that Paul and I have lived in this long distance relationship, we have had two breakups, 2 instances of "cheating", and about 354 fights. All of this is just what I have done. Paul has never broken up with me or cheated on me. I have had a very difficult time in trying to figure out how to overcome the fact that we only see eachother once a month. But that is all changing! He will be here today to hopefully finalize a deal on a place. Then within weeks, he will be here and I will be able to see him every day if I want. (which is what I will probably do for the first month he's here due to the fact that I am finally going to have a REAL RELATIONSHIP!) MAN! I hope everyone in my life is as excited for me as I am for myself!!!!!!!! He is supposed to be here today around 1pm. I actually have butterflies because I am so happy. :-D It's going to be hard not to stick his dick right in my mouth. I think my boss might think that was a bit lewd for the office. Going to drop off Theo Huxtable upstairs and I will be back.

 I wish it was Halloween again. Why am I obsessed with this holiday all of a sudden?? Thanksgiving is just around the corner and all I can think about it how much I like Halloween. What am I urlLink Wiccan ? I am having Kelly and Rita make my drug deal for me tonight. What am I? The worst friend ever? If they get busted and go to jail over it, I am SO putting on their nicest dresses and walking around the house in their highest heels. mmmmm....highest heels. mmmmm....highest. mmmmmmm...........mmmmmmmmmmmm. I really don't got much to type in here right now, but wanted to spend the rest of the work day urlLink killing time . Now what to write about? I just ate a chocolate chip cookie with nuts in it. It was so-so. asi asi. yeah well, writing in my journal when I am this uncreative is really sick! urlLink Enough is Enough !

 When I quit smoking a couple months ago, I made the mistake of telling people at work about it. Since I started up again, my boss thinks it is his personal challenge to reprimand me for having cigarettes and is constantly going "Joe, what are you doing smoking? I can smell it!" Just now, as Rita and I were going out for our morning smoke, we saw our boss waiting outside the front of the building. What he was doing just standing there staring is beyond me. I think he might be a little weird. Well, anyway, Rita goes around the corner of the staircase and sees him and freezes in her tracks. She calls behind her "Joe, don't move...Teef is standing right outside the building." I decide that it would be VERY covert of me to sneak a peak around the corner of the wall to see what he was doing. As I am staring at him, he (VERY CREEPILY) turns his head and looks me directly in the eye. HOW DID HE KNOW I WAS THERE??? He points at me and motions for me to just come down the stairs. Because I don't want to deal with his "lecture" on why I should still be cigarette free, I looked at him in the eye and then just RAN up the stairs. I pretended as though I was getting my money out of my wallet for a bagel. Well, there was no need to pretend anything. He was gone when I came back down the stairs. So essentially what I have done is: a) Not get away with smoking b) made myself look like an ass for RUNNING away and c) gotten a very tasty roll with butter. YUM!

 Why is it that I can sleep for 4 hours one night and feel totally refreshed, but last night I slept for at least 7 hours and have woken up as a zombie. My eyes are bleeding, my yawning is excruciatingly even more exhausting, and I feel like the muscles in my face are sagging onto my keyboard. So tired today. Maybe I need to go jerk one in the bathroom. That sometimes does the trick. Having never been a coffee drinker, I have always hated the mornings. I don't DO coffee, cuz it is the only vice I have yet to pick up. At the age of 25, being a frequent drinker-constant masturbating-pothead seems to be enough. Oh and sometimes I do whip-its in the bathroom. sike. sorta sike. These are the things I have to do today: 1) Get my haircut. Let me say for the UPTEENTH time in this journal: "I HATE getting my hair cut. HATE HATE HATE. hate 2) Find something good to eat. 3) Go to my second interview at the GAP. HATE HATE HATE second interviews at the GAP. like i have ever had one before. 4) Talk to Kelly about the show we will be producing/starring in/directing. 5) fart in my jeans again. 6) Change the sheets on my bed. WOW, do I need to do that. I am convinced that I have bugs nibbling on me during the night. cuz where ARE those little bumps coming from? 7) eat a pussy 8) omigod imagine? 9) write a number 10 10) yay! SHIT! 10 things to do today. UGH! How will I ever get them done? Oooh...I gotta mail my bills from work now. oh, and also have a smoke. Remember when I quit smoking? That was so ridiculous. I realize now that I am so much happier and cooler when I smoke. Quite often I say to Rita and Kelly: "I think I am going to quit smoking for 2 weeks every month! Cuz when I start smoking again, I realize how much I truly missed it and love it." Welcome back to YOU lung cancer. Oh...and hi to you my dear gum disease. You guys are the best! There is a woman I work with that is a Reformed Rabbi. When she walks around the office, she stomps her feet in the manner of urlLink Optimus Prime . She is full out Amazon. BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM Sometimes I think she is going to break her feet walking like that. Sometimes when I am home when no one else is, I walk around on my tip toes. I don't know why, but recently I have fallen in love with urlLink Bobby Valentine . I have no idea why. I sit on the subway and stare at his picture in the Metrocard Advertisement and think that I love him. I didn't even know who he was until he got fired from the Mets. Now I want him to take me out on a date to a very nice restaurant. What is he? Like 65 years old? But what a stud! Great. This bitch needs to eat and smoke. Eat and smoke Bobby Valentine that is.

 Also, insert the word "Milksop; sop" for the word "botard".

 Just in case you hadn't heard, I wanted to let you know that "Jenny from the block" aka Jennifer Booger Eater Lopez is engaged again! This time to botard Ben Affleck. Sorry, but if I have to see her no-talent, snot eating ass, on the cover of the paper one more time, I might knife her in the eyeballs. Could she BE anymore pathetic and IRRITATING! What asshole would marry this bitch? Yes, I am very vehement in my hatred of J-Glow.

 Just got off the phone with my brother. We had a great talk. He was pretty depressed when we started the conversation. By the end, I had him laughing and in a better mood and that always makes me feel like I am doing my job as his big brother. He just spent a WONDERFUL weekend with a girl he met last August. Her name is Nina, short for Katrina, and she is from Ireland. From what Winfield was saying on the phone, she could definitely be in the running as the next possible girlfriend in his life. Of course I immediatly hated her when I found out that he really likes her. I am so over protective of him and I don't want any girl fucking with his head. :-D He even asked me what I thought about him moving to Ireland after his 4 years with the ARMY is up. I was VEHEMENT about the fact that I would fly to Ireland to punch Nina in the face, if he so chooses to move there to be with her. My brother is going to come HOME after the ARMY duty is finished. Nuff said. :( Ah well. We will play it by ear. He just left to go back out into the field for a month. He will be back at his apartment on December 13th. GAH! I fucking hate having wonderful conversations with him just to have him go away again for another 4 weeks. Can I say once again how much I hate the fact that he is in Germany? In other news, Paul has lost that amazing apartment that we looked at last week. He had to work in Boston on Saturday, when his two future roommates came down to check out the place. They decided that "the neighboorhood was too dangerous". Now granted, I didn't see any white faces on the two blocks that we walked, but who GIVES A SHIT?!?!?!?!?! The apartment was so WORTH it. Paul NEVER would have given up this apartment if he was here on Saturday. They just told the guy "no" and went to look at other places in the city. From what Mariah told me on the phone earlier, these two girls found a few other possibilities, but all of the places are half the size and come with a massive broker's fee. I laid it on thick with Paul this morning. I explained to him that these girls were fucking him royally and that he better get on the ball with this or he is going to end up in an apartment the size of a shoebox AND be spending double the amount of money that he would have spent. Grrrrrrr....I feel horrible for him. Now, there are 3 other available apartments in the same building as the amazing one. One of them is on the first floor and is almost identical. From what Paul says, it has access to the backyard as well. So he may still get to take that one. But it is all dependent on what happens in the next two days. He will be coming back to the city from Wed-Fri morning to look at some of the new places, but hopefully to put a down payment on this last WONDERFUL apartment. He was pretty sad when I was talking to him. He may be realizing that these girls aren't going to be right for him, as far as future roommates go. Whatever, as long as he gets his ass here. We can deal with them later. Saturday was Jeannie's wedding! It was one of the most beautiful things I have ever had the pleasure of attending. She was GORGEOUS and the whole event went off without a hitch. Rita and the rest of her family were nothing but love. Kelly and I left early Saturday morning and took the train to New Jersey. Once there, Rita's boyfriend "Scott" picked us up and we stopped at a cafe for breakfast. The wedding began at 11am and ended around noon. Rita was a STUNNER, let me tell you. The other bridesmaid, Leslie, was also a beauty and both of them rocked the house like it was 1999! There were about 1,754 pictures taken. I was moved to tears about 17 times during the wedding. I didn't actually let any tears roll down my face until I realized that Rita would be doing the same wedding thing with Scott in the near future. That made me want to hurl. And also sob my brains out. Speaking of Scott...he was an absolute STUD at the wedding. He is such a perfect person to have at any function. He is willing to help out, so easy to talk to, and funny as shit! Everyone at the wedding just LOVED him. It is impossible to count how many people came up to him and asked him if he was next. Every time someone posed that question when I was around, I would shoot him a dirty look and whisper to him: "You do it, you die!" Rita is supposed to be MY girl forever! and ever. Amen. The wedding reception was a fucking blast. It started around 12:30pm and that is when we began dumping booze down our throats. Kelly and I must have had 2 bottles of wine, just between the two of us. And that was just during the dinner. The dancing was INSANITY and I made sure to get freaky with both Rita's mom and every available woman in the place. INCLUDING, 5 crazy married women from VA. I can't even explain how nuts the whole thing was, but I can say that it was filled with hysterical laughter, hugs, and the Electric Slide. OF COURSE! Once Leslie caught the bouquet (THANK GOD!), we all went back to the hotel to continue doing it up! Kelly and I went up to our room to change and smoke a bowl, when the funniest shit in the world happened. You see... Kelly and I were pretty drunk when we got to the hotel. When we got to our room, we both SQUEALED like little girlie pigs and went running through the place. We were out of our minds. We were jumping on the beds, climbing up the walls, and basically just acting like 13 year old children. At one point, I took a piece of the curtain and slammed it into her face. I screamed "DUCK!" and slammed it right onto her glasses, which in turn, smashed right into her eye. She then slapped me SO HARD right across the face. We both sat there stunned for a minute, not understanding how things had gotten so out of control. It was just about the funniest thing I have ever seen. Kelly and Joe go CRAZY in their hotel room until they slap eachother to calm down. It worked. We were much more behaved after that. Finally, we met up with Rita and the rest of the gang, and joined the rest of the crowd at the party. We OWNED that hotel lobby until about 12am. Rita's mom and sister in law, stayed up with us and were just about the MOST fun. God, there must have been 10 of us crowded around a little table, all talking at the same time: yelling, laughing, going out of our minds. Man...it sounds hectic, I know. And it was! I have never had so much fun!!! Kelly and I went back to the room around 12am and continued to stay up and drink and talk. I think we finally passed out around 3am only to get back out of bed at 9am for breakfast. It was an unbelievable whirlwind for everyone involved. Kelly was the PERFECT date. She was fun, easy, and brought tons of cash! hahahaha! If I had it to do over again, I would bring her. She made me very proud. Rita's family is absolutely beautiful. They were ALL nice to us, giving us hugs, and inviting us over for dinner. Her one aunt, in particular, Maribeth, was a God send. She was SO funny and did nothing, but take Kelly and I under her wing for the entire party. As Rita had explained to me prior to the event, "Maribeth's family is like one you will never meet." They are that perfect. SO yeah! The whole thing was a raging success. Rita, Kelly, and I spent yesterday trying to detox. I think Rita slept for 12 hours last night and I KNOW that I had at least 12 diarrhea shits. Kelly still feels like garbage today. I am not kidding when I say that we DID IT UP! 15 hours of drinking, dancing, and debauchery. That'll get ya every time! I would do it again this weekend, if I could. UGH! Okay...I just got off the phone with Paul again. I gotta go help him with some apartment bullshit. I can't wait until he is just here already!

 I think I said everything I wanted to say yesterday and now I am left with nothing to write about. Third Eye Blind is playing on my Launch player right now and it is fully enjoyable. Kelly and I are going to see 8 Mile at 6pm. She called him a legend yesterday and I burst out laughing. Legends of the fall. Okay, that's all I have to write today. Hope everyone has a BOMB weekend!!!!!!

 Can someone stop me before I really hurt one of my friends??? What is wrong with me? I am like two different people. Completely split down the middle. From 9am-5pm I am a miserable mean bitch. I have good moments, but I find myself so GRRRRRRRRRR with most of my day. It's really disconcerting. When I wrote my "Ten Reasons Why I love Justin Timberlake", I really thought that the entry read as funny and light. A sarcastic way of saying to the world that it is OK for me to be obsessed with this artist. I dedicated it to Fish and Ari because they were participating in an IM about how I was a really great guy with a very powerful weakness for cheese. Not edible cheese, although that is a serious weakness too. Justin cheese. (the most expensive brand) I meant it to be fun and stupid, but Ari just called in a panic, hoping that she hadn't truly offended me. And the thing is...she didn't at all! I just re-read what I wrote and thought to myself "How could they NOT take that as a slam?" Although I meant it as a shout out to the world, it CLEARLY came across as a letter directly addressed to one, Miss Ari and two, Miss Fish. I also noticed that I wrote "Fish That Needs A Bicycle" when we all know that that is quite against the contrary. I apologize for that typo Fish. I got more respect for you than that playa shit. I should never write when I am at work. My entries are coming from someone I don't even recognize. Last night Paul looked me right in the eye and goes: "You're crazy." Just that. "You're crazy." And you know what? He's totally right. I kept coming back at him with "YOU'RE crazy." "oh no YOU'RE crazy". "YOU? YOU be crazy." That's all I could say because I knew he was totally right. What is going on with me? Seriously. I am going...well...crazy. How do I learn to relax? I am riding on a so much tension these days that often I do feel like I am losing my mind. During my average day I will have conversations with strangers and get to a point in the conversation where I start to panic. I don't know what to say anymore. My heart starts to beat faster, my head gets all foggy and I actually just stand there quiet. Who is this person? I am usually exactly the opposite. I can talk to people I don't know with ease. I am the man with the "ly's". You know that guy. The one that always responds to whatever you say with "exactly", "definitely", "totally", "always". did u not catch that? go back and tell me why "always" is not what I say. I am the guy that makes you feel good. People have always wanted to be around me because I am a genuinely nice guy. It's what I base everything on. And I think we can all agree that Joe Cut the Shit hasn't been a nice guy for awhile. He seperated from me at some point. I think I have fought more with my friends in the last year than I ever have in my life. I am constantly having to either apologize for something or prove my position on a topic to the point of a full blown screaming match. Dammit Joe. Stop it. Why, when I know that Paul is here for only 12 hours, do I find myself so ANGRY? I lash out. I come across as insincere. I am alienating myself from the outside world. And it scares me. Quite a bit. It is going to be very hard for me to make it as an actor if I have a piss poor attitude. Or if I am a mean-hearted person. Now, I do know that I am hard on myself. So hard on myself. I am not like this all the time. Usually I am this guy during my work day. Nighttimes are totally cool with me. I slow it down and I smile a lot more. I don't dig my fingernails into my thumb looking for an escape from my peers. Okay wait. Now I just decided that I am a complete weirdo. Dig my fingers into my thumb? Yes, I do that alot. Told you...legitimate split personality. Maybe I am growing up and it is natural for an adult male to become a jaded fuck. Maybe I am SUPPOSED to be acting like a prick all the time. Well THAT was an easy lesson to learn. :( Rita and I had a talk last week about some serious shit. We hashed out some issues and I walked away from the conversation believing that I was right in most points that I made. And that she agreed. However, upon further investigation, I am seeing so much truth in what she had to say. When she confronted me with some of my recent personality traits, I was like: "Oh no no. I am not that and I am so perfect and wonderful and like an angel that gets it's wings, I fly over the clouds and up into the beautiful blue...." right. Now I sit here and see VERY clearly the point she was trying to make. Yesterday Rita asked me what was wrong. I said "nothing". I mean, I felt good, Paul was coming into town...things should have been perfect. But as the day went on I started acting as though something really was wrong. Was it that Rita planted the seed of bad, depressing things in my head? OR Was it that she knows me better than most and saw straight through to my core before I did? I pick choice B now. Oh. Didn't you know that they were choice A and choice B? It was choice B. If Rita asks me if anything is on my mind, why do I feel compelled, even if subconciously, to act like the guy who's got it all together? I surely don't have it all together and Rita knows that better than anyone. So why am I playing this game? I don't know. What I do know is that I am cruising for a breakdown soon. It's been coming for awhile. When I was a senior in college, I was just coming to grips with changing my major. It was the most stressful time of my life. I mean, everyone wanted me just to finish my Education degree and GRADUATE already. So before a performance of "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest", I was saying goodbye to two of my housemates at the time, Rita and Erica, who were giving me nothing but smiles and "Break a leg!". As I was saying goodbye I absolutely BURST into a violent explosion of tears. I collapsed on their laps and just sobbed for about 15 minutes. It was so intense that for the first 5 minutes neither of them said a word. They just held me and let me get it out. I will never forget it. I just RELEASED. I am not a huge cryer. I mean, I don't have any sort of problem with crying. I will cry with pride and I expect and encourage my friends to cry with pride as well. It's a healthy and natural emotion. But let's not do it too much, cuz then you're just a lump of sobbing annoyance in my life. Am I right? I be right. After I collapsed with those two girls, I felt as though I had the strength of ten men. I was flying high for months. It was shortly after that that I got my life together. That's where I think I am headed now. In an eerie coincidence, it was 4 years ago, around Thanksgiving, that I had my big sobfest. I keep thinking that I can predict when my life is going to take the turn towards productive and rewarding. Whether it be a sobfest, a change in the weather, the fact that I am irresistibly adorable...I just don't know. Foolish boy I am. Ah well. I got to just let it happen. And I have to remember the lessons I am learning each day. Today's lessons are: 1) Next time you start to act like a prick, take a step back and contemplate the delivery of what you got to say. 2) RELAX 3) Don't be so hard on self 4) Tighten that body up oh. didn't really mention my body image problems today. haha. but still, tighten it up Joe. 5) Be MUCH kinder to Paul 6) Allow self to go to friends with any sort of problem; even if don't feel comfortable, at the time, discussing it. Well! That is quite a few things to think about. Nice. Alright, I am going to call my mom now. Just need to hear her voice. My final words: Fish: Feel v. bad about what other self said earlier. Other self wishes to apologize to H. in hopes that H. will forgive and understand that Joe acts like immature tool during most of his social interactions with others. Fish knows Joe and knows that he thinks v. highly of her. BTW Fish, fuck the bicycle. Ari: I don't need to say much to you cuz I talked to you on the phone tonight. Thank you for being my concious. Sorry that I am grumps Mcgrumps during most of our work days. You told me I would become you, the way you became Fran, and guess what...whether I like to admit it or not, you were right. Fran is really to blame. :) Rita: I have thought about our conversation and I thank you for bringing to my attention some things that were hard for you to say, but necessary for me to hear. I will work on my stuff too. You are my ladles. Forever and ever, amen. YAY WEDDING! Kelly: You are a gaylord. Paul: Like Paul reads my journal. hahahaha like I would just call Kelly a "gaylord" and move on. Kelly: For once I don't have anything to apologize to you about. Wait, we are hanging out tomorrow to watch "8 Mile". I am sure I will hurt your feelings at some point. So, in advance, I am sorry for hurting your feelings. Ok, that it! One more thing about Justin and I will let it go. for tonight. His second single off the album is called "Cry Me a River". It is pure genius. Seriously. I think it will grab the attention of people who (as most of my readers do) loathe him. There isn't that much Michael Jackson influence in the song. I think it's a winner. Please let me know if it changes anyone's opinion about him. I will post any and all GOOD responses. If they be bad responses, they be sleeping in my recycle bin. But I am truly believing in what I say right now. You really may like this one! I am going to go in my room now, take off my prom dress and call my girlfriends on the phone so we can discuss Justin some more. If we play the NSYNC boardgame I am totally being Justin. Ari, you can be Chris Kirkpatrick. HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Fine. you can be JC if you want. he's pretty cool. Thanks for reading my long entries today. Sorry I am "crazy".

 10 Reasons Why I love Justin Timberlake by Joe Cut the Shit Dedicated to Ari and The Fish That Needs A Bicycle 10) The way he moves is sumptin else. Pop lock dancing? Uh yeah...amazing. 9) His voice, although falsetto most of the time, is smooth, clear, and rhythmic. 8) He always performs live. Oh, you thought he was lip synching? Yeah no. He's that good. 7) He's real. Always acting like himself. The only show Justin puts on is on stage. 6) He's cutting edge. His music tends to border on that of chaos - fly beats and new rhythms combined with a distinct melody. 5) He works hard. Very hard. 4) It's not COOL to like Justin when you are 25 years old and a boy. That makes me like him more. 3) His image. He appeals mostly to a younger crowd and still finds a way to keep his shit clean. Regardless of the fact that he is at that age when it is almost IMPOSSIBLE to keep your shit clean. 2) He is sexy as fuck. While not my physical type, I have an easy time understanding why guys and girls alike would want to spend a night kissing his fuckable lips. 1) He's a fucking SUPERSTAR for a reason. He has been working his ass off since he was a child. Despite growing up in front of the public eye, Justin is someone who must be commended on doing it right. He hasn't been to jail, had a drug problem, or even been caught shoplifting. Justin is a class act. He has earned everything he's got. I realize that most people in their 20's or 30's don't understand the hype behind the Justin phenomenon. But also understand this...when you were all screaming at the top of your lungs for Warrant and Skid Row no one gave you a hard time for liking male bands that wore more make-up than you! I will always be willing to take a good Justin bashing, but I also think it should be pointed out that everyone likes music that they can identify with. If I happen to identify with a guy that sings higher than your mother, then so be it. I like him and don't need to be reminded every day what a loser I am for appreciating his style. Right? Thank you and goodnight.

 I stumbled across a GENIUS website today. I received a 5 dollar bill with this website printed on it: urlLink www.wheresgeorge.com When I went to the website, I logged in the serial number and series date of the bill and I was able to track down where this 5 dollar bill has been over the last year. It was the fucking coolest thing I have ever seen. I immediatly logged in the bill and spent it in order to send it on its way. Then I came back from lunch and took out a 1 dollar bill, marked it up and will send it on its way later tonight. What a cool concept! However, isn't it against the law to deface currency? oooooooh. I am so badass.

 So you mean there really is such a thing as a gay NFL football player? NO! Say it ain't so! urlLink Gay Football Player Article

 Well! Paul is gone. Lately, these visits have been so quick that I have a hard time believing that he was ever here to begin with. I had my interview at the Gap last night and it was so snores that I don't even know what to say about it. It was a group interview so I was stuck in a room with 10 other random people. There was one girl there that didn't speak any English and at one point she got so frustrated and upset that her eyes filled with tears and she said: "I got to go bathroom", grabbed her bag and bolted. It was sad. And also funny as shit. Paul told me not to tell that story anymore cuz he thinks that there is no humor in people getting their feelings hurt. Yeah ok Paul. That's the only thing that IS funny on this earth. Sike. sorta sike. I now have to wait 48 hours to get a phone call from the Gap Management. If I don't hear from them, I don't get a second interview. Now...if I don't hear from them, am I really supposed to believe that the other 10 people in the room were more qualified than me? Well, I guess that depends on if the Gap is looking for people who just recently obtained their GED, regardless of how old they are. Cuz really. After the interview, Paul was supposed to be waiting outside for me. Of course he wasn't there. Thank God I had a calling card on me (you read that right, my po' ass don't got no cell phone). I called Paul and he was like: "Where are you?" I'm like: "Where are YOU?!!?!?" Turns out he was across the street at Aldo trying on shoes. I ran across the street to see Paul standing in the doorway of Aldo holding up two pairs of shoes and grinning ear to ear. I was like: "What are you DOING?" He had obviously sucked down a bottle of vodka in the half hour that he was waiting for me and I must admit, he looked fucking adorable standing there with his new shoes. I immediately called the shoes "womanly" and "hideous" and ushered him out of the store before he could waste more money on shoes he doesn't need. After we got home, something bad happened. We went to buy groceries for dinner and got into a bit of a fight over whether or not he was going to buy me "Hawaian Punch Fruit Chews". He didn't end up buying them for me because "Candy is bad for Joe. Not healthy enough". So instead, he buys a roll of sugar cookies. Um? Yeah. Ah geez. After we get home, I threw a temper tantrum because I didn't want my steak to be covered in mushrooms and gravy. "But Joe, have I ever made anything that you didn't like?" "No Paul, you haven't. But gravy is something that makes me gag on sight." When my back was turned he slopped gravy onto everything and I started hissing like the gay snake that I am. I went into my room to chill out for a minute. When I came back out into the kitchen, I did something so stupid and regrettable. I embarrassed him in front of Rita by making fun of the fact that he just recently lost his internship. I don't know why I did it and I know that it is something that really upsets him. The minute I said it I wished I could have erased it and started over. Too late. After that comment, he and I had a HUGE arguement full of slander and acid tongues at the kitchen table. Rita sat politely and quietly on the couch and I became increasingly more humiliated as the conversation went on. Eventually I just stopped speaking because I was horrified at where the conversation was going. It was quite awful and I felt horrible for Rita for having to sit there and endure it all. Fuck. It sucked. I then went back in my room to chill out again. After Rita came into my room to say goodnight, I went back out into the kitchen again and Paul and I worked shit out. For the most part. It was a rough hour and sometimes I wish I could exhibit more self-control in these type of situations. Especially with Paul. Once dinner was over, we watched The Simpsons and then began to kiss and touch. It was incredibly romantic and I just laid back and let whatever was going to happen, happen. The love making last night was so real and intense that when I orgasmed, I actually started to cry. Now, I don't know if you have ever had a moment like that, but it is the scariest thing on the planet. Especially when you have been with someone for 3 years. In all that amount of time, I may have cried once or twice in the moment of passion. I felt so overwhelmed with love and understanding for him. It was so raw. He wiped my tears and kissed me on the forehead. It was one of the most beautiful moments we have ever had. Also, it was one of the best love making sessions I have had in my entire life, much less with Paul. We also discussed having sex and both decided that once he moves here, it will be one of the first things that we do together. It's been a long time coming, but I know it will be worth the wait. Shortly after that we discussed the move for a while and then I crawled into his arms and fell into the deepest sleep of my life. The night hours flew by faster than normal and we both woke up at 6am and mushed our bodies as tight together as we could. I felt love and happiness corsing through my gay veins. It was mind blowing. I reluctantly got out of bed to shower this morning and to save time I didn't even shave. As soon as I had my clothes back on, I jumped back into bed to hold him for 15 more minutes before I had to leave for work. I said goodbye at 8am and then made my way to the subway. Bye Paul. Having him move to NYC to be with me is just about the best thing that has happend to me in a long time. Not that good things haven't happened, but this is something that is not only going to change my life, but make it better. I have waited 3 years for this to happen and it is almost time! I have been saying quick prayers all day that this new apartment will work out for him. I have been praying that he and I will be able to be candid with eachother, but still find a way to be respectful and helpful to eachother. Because I love him so much and because we have known one another so intimately for so long, it gets increasingly easier to whip out the acid tongue and say whatever is on our minds. I, for one, need to be careful. If I love him so much, then I have to make sure that I treat him well and that I cherish him, rather than cut him down. Paul is my ghoulie and I am happier with him now than I have ever been. (big sigh) In other news... Jeannie will be married as of Saturday morning. I am still shocked by this whole event. She is 23 years old and is planning to spend the rest of her life with her husband, Rich. How does she know this at 23 when I don't know even know to be nice to my own boyfriend? I am thrilled to be invited to this event and I am taking Kelly as my date. I did ask Paul originally, but he doesn't feel comfortable yet going to an event as an openly gay man. I guess I can understand that. I would be nervous too and these are my best friends. Rita looks absolutely gorgeous in her maid of honor dress. She is wearing a very slim fitting purple dress with a very LIGHT sprinkling of sequins. YES THE SEQUINS LOOK GOOD ON THE DRESS! I KNOW THAT SEQUINS ARE WRONG AND ONLY MEANT FOR BEDAZZLER GUNS, BUT I PROMISE YOU IT LOOKS GREAT WITH THIS DRESS! sorry for screaming at u. The wedding is at 11am. Kelly and I will leave around 7am to get on the 8am train to NJ. We will attend the ceremony, then take tons of pictures, eat and booze it up at the reception and then make our way to a fun filled, alcohol filled, evening at a hotel! I really can't think of a better way to be spending my weekend. YAY JEANNIE! WHAT A HUGE DAY FOR YOU! I am so proud to be going. I guess that's it for now. It has been quite an interesting couple of days. A good couple of days. If I keep farting in my chair, I am bound to blow a hole right through the cushion.

 Can I just say one more time how EXCITED I am about Paul's new apartment? YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY!

 OMIGOD! I can't believe it. Paul and I just got back from looking at a couple apartments. The first one we looked at was nice, but the building smelled like piss and the area seemed a little rough. The superintendent was nice and very helpful. We looked at the place and then figured we would just move on. Then the super is like: "Wait a few minutes and I will show you a couple apartments that haven't been listed yet." So we stand around for a bit and then the super takes us down to 112th and 7th avenue. One block from Central Park I might add. We walk into this apartment that is on the first floor of this BEAUTIFUL building. There is a lounge right outside of the apartment that has nice couches, a coffee table, and (randomly) 6 picutres of Marilyn Monroe a la Andy Warhol Style. When the super opened the door, I screamed "Holy Shit!" and immediately went RUNNING through the place. I am still overwhelmed at what I saw. There are two bedrooms on the first floor (yes, you read that right...the first floor), a full bath, a beautiful kitchen, HUGE living room and a great view. Then, there is this long winding staircase that goes to the basement and this is the point in which I piss all over myself. On the bottom level is the master bedroom and amazing full size bathroom. It is GIGUNDO! There is a good size sitting room outside this bedroom as well. UM! There is this little hallway outside the master bedroom that leads to the backyard. UM! YES! BACKYARD! If Paul takes the place, and he will(!), he will have access to this strip of concrete backyard all for himself! Well, and his roommates can use it, I guess. They have a dishwasher, fully renovated kitchen with a flat stove, silver chrome fridge, intercom system, night security guard, washer/dryer in the building... MAN! I swear to God it's a mansion. Now, how much is it you ask? Yeah. Well only $2600. I KNOW! I sit here shocked to my core that he has stumbled across such an incredible deal! I am thrilled for him. He has been stressing about this move for months and it really seemed that he was going to have some major trouble in finding a place. But this is really going to work out for him and in such a wonderful way. He deserves it. The kid works harder than anyone I know and it's nice to be able to see him get something he really wants. Plus, I get to live there with him whenever I want!! I took a cab from this apartment to work. I was nervous that I was going to be late from my lunch break. WELL GUESS WHAT?!?!?!?! The cab ride cost me $2.50 and it took only 4 minutes to get to work. UMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM! My commute now is an hour and when Kelly, Rita and I move to Brooklyn, it is going to be an hour and 20. But now that is no real worry! I can stay at his place whenever I want and sleep until 8:30am and STILL be to work on time. I am floored. This is all working out perfectly. Thank the Lord! Praise God! Hallelujah Amen! Whoo hoo! Well, that's that. :-D Tonight I have an interview at the Gap. Ugh. I have to get a second job and tonight will decide whether or not I am working there over the holidays. I am not that happy about it, but once I am making some extra cash, I think my opinion will change. Wish me luck! I gotta be there by 5:15pm. Yesterday Rita and I ran errands. We had the day off due to "Election Day" or some shit. We both went and voted, then I dropped off my Gap application and then we hit Target to buy her sister wedding presents. (The wedding is in 3 days! WOW!!!) While at Target, Rita and I went over to the music section to see if Justin's new cd was in stock. It just came out yesterday morning, so I didn't think they would have any copies left. BUT THEY DID! I am so broke and knew that I couldn't buy it until next week. Next thing I know, Rita and I are wrestling eachother to the ground cuz she wanted to buy it for me. I really didn't want her to have to do that, but it was nice that she cared enough about my Justin obsession to help a brotha out. She bought it for me and it was probably one of the nicest gifts I have ever been given. She bought me my boyfriend's solo debut album. Wow. What a friend. BTW...the cd is wonderful. I have listened to it all the way through about 5 times already; or course stopping to play the ones I like over and over. I LOVE IT! After the interview tonight, Paul and I will make a nice romantic dinner together and settle in to watch a movie. I am thrilled to be able to spend the night with him. I can't WAIT until we are doing this all the time. Only 3 more weeks! I am filled with such happiness and excitement right now. What a day...

 I got an email from "A Girl Named Bob" this morning, explaining that urlLink Sour Patch Kids have literal acid on them. Hence the reason why my tongue still feels like I dipped it into a boiling pot of, well....acid!How can they put acid on a candy??? I have been eating these things for years and I never knew that you could either eat Sour Patch Kids or use them to take the acryllic off your car. Gosh! Time for me to be a LITTLE more careful in the candy I choose. Want to know something even more ridiculous? Do you know the candy called urlLink Warheads ? Well the makers of this extremely wonderful, but horribly painful candy have come up with liquid warhead juice. Paul and I used to buy sour patch kids and squirt the liquid wardhead juice all over it. We would soak the "kids" in the juice and see who could last the longest. Then we would wonder why our tongues would bleed for days. It was pretty great. Yeah. Pretty great.

 Welcome back to this shithole I like to call my job. The weekend came and went faster than any I have ever had before. I don't understand how it is Monday already. I was laying in my bed last night wondering how it was possible that I had to get up and come to work again today. Luckily, our office is closed for Election Day tomorrow, so Rita, Ari, and I have the day off. How random and wonderful! Tonight, Rita, Kelly and I will go to see urlLink The Ring . I had told Rita that I wasn't going to drink tonight, even though we have off from work tomorrow. Then I decided how fun it would be to drink in the movie theater. Great. More useless calories for me! But I'll sleep like a baby. Last night for our family dinner, the three of us made breakfast. We had pancakes, homefries, turkey bacon, omelettes, and lemon water. It was fucking bizomb. I usually hate breakfast, but when it's for dinner...I love it! While we were deciding to have that, the three of us all commented on how our parents used to make breakfast for dinner all the time when we were little. Little and poor. Pancakes are for the cheap. Well, anyway, when Paul called last night, I told him that we were having "Breakfast for Dinner" and he goes: "Awesome. My parents used to do that all the time when I was little." Then this morning, Kelly told her sister, Aly, that we had "Breakfast for Dinner" last night and Aly said: "HAHA. Dad makes that for me all the time." Either we all come from families of hobos or pancakes for dinner is some good old fashioned American eats! Spiderman the movie sucks. So Ari just walked by my computer and noticed "Breakfast for dinner". She loves it too! What is the deal with this world???? Paul is coming into town on Wednesday night. He and I will be going to look at some more apartments. Hopefully we will be spending most of the time in bed, but that kinda depends on how many places he has to see. How nice is it that I get to see him more than once a month? Pretty nice. He called the other day and we had a "normal" talk. Just under an hour later he calls back and I'm like: "What's going on? What's wrong?", cuz he never calls just to call. Paul responds by saying: "I just love you so much". Course my heart melts all over the floor and I go "Shut the fuck up you piece of shit!" Then I slammed the phone down on him. Cuz really...back off! alright...if you believed any of that, then you are too easily convinced that I am a psycho. What I actually did when he said: "I just love you so much" is make gurgling baby noises and tell him that he is my favorite person on the planet. Man. He is the best. The heat is broken in our office building today. It is fucking freezing. My nuts are the size of little snow peas and Rita's hands look like they have been smashed with a sledge hammer. They are purple and twisted. Well, not so much twisted. BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR......................... Oof dah. I have yet to take a shit since BEFORE the Breakfast for Dinner extravaganza. Then I had about a box of candy and a cheese sandwich before I ewent to bed. Then this morning I had a roll with butter. Now I have to go. Kelly said that I am going to have a: Pancakebaconomeletthomefriescandycheeserollwithbutter poop. I think she could be right. Also, just now I kept saying to Kelly over AIM: "Oh you." Then she was like: "Oh me, what?" So I just happend to randomly write urlLink www.ohyou.com and she actually clicked on it. When she did, this crazy lady screams: "VERISIGN IS A BAD COMPANY!" She told me what happend and then I clicked on it too. But I didn't realize that she was going to scream it. I thought it was going to be a stupid pop up window. Everyone in the office knows that "Verisign is a bad company" now. OK...horrible story. But the way it transpired was pretty damn fun. Alright fuck you then.

 Sometimes you just happen to stumble upon comedic genius. I was just searching for something related to this topic, when I ended up at this site: urlLink SICK!

 HAPPY DAY AFTER HALLOWEEN! Wow! What fun we had last night! We did everything we said we would do and I, for one, had a fucking blast. Rocky Horror was amazing. I don't really have all that much to say about it except that I love my girls so much. It was pure fun and at no point did I feel that I wanted to be with anyone else. Not even my boyfriend. So, last Sunday I decided it would be not only healthy, but appropriate to shove my face with about 3 pounds of Sour Patch Kids. I just love those little guys. I ate and ate and sucked on and ate as many as I could possibly stomach. At one point my tongue felt as though it was engulfed in flames. I swear I heard it split at the seam. Yet, I continued to eat. "GO JOE!", I thought to myself as I pushed through the pain the "kids" were causing my mouth. Well, it's now been 5 days and my tongues still feels fucked up. Is it possible that I did permanent damage? This morning on the subway, Kelly told me that she had a friend in highschool who's father got tongue cancer. They removed half of his tongue. He then walked around with it bobbing up and down all weird-like in his mouth. Cept, Kelly was convinced that part of it regenerated. Well, that's comforting. Kelly works two doubles this weekend. Joe works nothing. Well, Joe works the floor at the Jane party tomorrow. I am going to go and act extra smarmy. So that people think that I am something BIG! When I get asked the question: "You're an actor Joe, right? Have I seen you in something?" I will say: "Why yes, you have. You have seen my fist in your face!" Then I will lay a HUGE egg fart and walk away all casually. Now that is some class dawg! Tonight Rita and I are renting movies. Sunday afternoon, once Kelly is finally realeased from her hellish prison, Rita and I will show her "Boogie Nights" and then Kelly and I will show Rita "Happiness". Pretty excited about curling up on the couch and watching awesome movies. Note only for Kelly: Hey Kelly! I saw a picture of Sam today on her website. Brass Tacks bullshit. Sam is supa skinny now. She looked so different. I mean, some things never change. You nose what I mean. But still! Fuck! She is really getting her shit together. Good thing I just keep wallowing away in my own degredation and filth. End note to Kelly. Sam used to be my ex-girlfriend. We were together for 3 years off and on. The only thing physical we did in that time period was kiss like 4 times. Once I put her hand on my dick just to give her a thrill. Man that girl loved me. Poor thing. Now she looks pretty good. Ok snores. Have a great weekend ya'll. PEAYCE!

 MERRY CHRISTMAS EVE! How happy have I been over the last couple of days? I think it is impossible for me to find the right words to explain it. My brother is here and I can't seem to stop hugging him. He will be casually walking by the room and I find myself jumping up and tackling him to the ground... We are getting along famously, as though he has never left, and last night there was a definite brother/brother gang up on the parents as we were playing a game of cards. Having my family all back together is the best gift I could have gotten this Christmas. Everyone is in GREAT moods and there hasn't been even a second of grief or frustration. So far, this has been just about the best holiday ever. Last night we put up our Christmas tree and I gave my parents my "special" gift. Giving my parents access to my journal was one of the riskiest and most perfect thing I could have ever done. After some tears were shed and some explanations were given, my family and I had the most intense and introspective conversation about my gay lifestyle. We exchanged our fears, our confusion, and and and!!!!! And I never felt so good about being me ever in my life before. My family loves me so much and it is apparant in everything that they do. While I was feeling some apprehension about showing them some of my most private writings, they took it all with grace and wonder and I sit here today feeling as though I made the best and right decision. They respect me and they are here for me. What else could a gaylord like me ask for? My mom also got Paul a gift and that was just about the sweetest thing anyone could have ever done. She truly does care. A great deal. We played cards and drank booze (my mom sucking down the pot as though it was water) until the wee hours of the morning and then I passed out and experienced the most amazing night's sleep I have had since before I started at the Gap. Today is CHRISTMAS EVE and we have MUCH planned. My granny should be here within the hour and tonight we have some friends coming over. We will drink and laugh and share funny stories. We have about a thousand traditions and if we don't get started early, we will never accomplish them all. Lord knows we have to be in bed by midnight...Santa gets in around 1:30am and we must be fast asleep.... I have gone MUCHLY overboard in my purchases for my family. I just got back from the mall. I didn't necessarily NEED to buy more things, but what's a Christmas without me going to Crossgates and picking up a few last minute items. I saw just about everyone I went to highschool with and HOW PROUD did I feel when I explained to the few I talked to that I live in NYC and am just home for a couple of days... "Oh Joe, we MUST get together before you go back"... "Oh (insert highschool asshole's name here), you see...I just don't care about you anymore. See you never." HA. Back to NYC I go. Tomorrow is a big day. Presents and dinner and playing with all of my new toys. I have a feeling that my parents have really gone out on a limb for me this year. They do every year anyway, but this year.... This year I might be a bit embarrassed at their generosity. Good. This bitch is poor and needs some new shit! Tomorrow night, Mariah, Kelly, my brother, and maybe a few other randoms, will join me in going to the "Power Company", one of Albany's biggest and most ridiculous gay clubs. We will dance and drink Christmas night away and to be honest...I just can't wait. It feels SO good to show off my hot self at the club. Knowing that I will have some hot people with me to do the same thing make me gets jitters of excitement. Time to take over the scene I tell ya! I guess that's it for now... I don't know if anyone will be reading this, but if you do...MERRY CHRISTMAS! The only thing that would make this flawless is if Paul could be here with me. Miss that booger like nothing else. When he left yesterday morning, he sat and stared at me for about 10 minutes not speaking. I sat there doing the same. Finally he said: "Joe, I just love you so much. I see you every day, yet I can't get over the fact that I have to spend the next week without you. You are the most important thing in my life." I sat there stunned and said: "Could you make sure to lock the front door when you leave?" NICE ONE JOE! I did tell him I loved him. And I do miss him tremendously. It just feels so good that he cares so deeply about me. We really are finding our niche in this relationship and I feel incredibly happy and contented with where we are at right now. HERE IS TO A BEAUTIFUL AND GREAT WEEK! No WORK! No having to deal with shithead customers at the GAP! NO NOTHING I DON'T WANT TO DO UNTIL JANUARY 2nd! FUCKING ROCK! MERRY CHIMMA! (As my granny would put it!) Oh and Rita...we miss you tremendously. My parents read your card over and over this morning and my dad welled up with tears. Thank you for being you. And by the way...did you get your RING yet??????????????????????????????? Off to play with my family some more! Enjoy!

 This will be my last entry until I see my brother, Christmas comes, and I get time off from both of my jobs! I have decided to piece together bits and pieces of this journal and give it to my family as a special present for Christmas. Every year we try to give eachother gifts that are not soley based on money. We try to do special things. In the past I have written poems, made photo collages, framed greeting cards (that was a VERY lean year), and even created coupons for free dish-washing, driveway shoveling, etc. This year I wanted to share something with them that is very important to me; something that gives that some insight as to what I go through while I am here in NYC. I cant believe this year is over. Gosh, it isnt possible. It really seems like just yesterday I was standing in Times Square saying goodbye to my brother and now in 72 hours I will be at the airport waiting for him to come home. Uhwhat? I praise God that we all got through this year safely. Thank you Lord for giving me the family and life that I have. While I know that I complain day in and day out about how hard it is to be me and to live my life, deep down I know how truly easy I have it and how blessed I am. I feel very lucky to be me. The three most precious people in my life will join me in celebrating the most wonderful holiday of the year. The birth of our Lord. Heres to good times, great memories, and an overall beautiful couple of weeks. 2002 is OVAH!

 What a day! I have so much to say, but am unsure if I am going to have the time to say it. Will do my absolute best to stop in here a little bit later. Until then...please feel free to visit Rita's friend urlLink Monkey .

 WOW. I am writing this only to remind myself of something that just happened. PEOPLE ARE ASSHOLES. Don't forget Joe. When things turn around and you are happy and care-free and trust in people for who they are...don't forget that they will do shit just to get under your skin anyway.

 Happy 22nd Birthday to KELLY! I hope you do exactly what you want to do on this beautiful Tuesday. Enjoy it to the absolute fullest. You are my best friend and my lover. cept not so much lover. Damn that pesky twat of yours! I love you! DO IT UP DAWG! Now back to me... :) I don't know why, but I am having the worst day on the planet. I feel sad, angry, lonely, and just about every other nasty emotion possible in the human body. I don't get it. I woke up alive and rested (although I only got 5 hours of sleep) and ready to tackle my shit day. I am starting to get a headache and I have done nothing to make it go away. I haven't done even a second of Christmas shopping and we are just about a week away. I don't want to spend the money and I know that the money I will spend will not be enough for me to do anything really special for my family. It is a bit frustrating, but not one of the reasons why I am miserable today. Will get to all of this in a minute. I walked into the Gap last night with my mind made up. I was giving my two weeks notice and that was that! So I sit down with my General Manager and this is how the convesation went: Me: Hi Kat. Thank you again for being so supportive and flexible with my schedule over the last week. I truly appreciate it. Kat: No problem Joe. We are here for you as your boss and as your friend. Me: (gagging) Right. Um...ok. Unfortunately, I think Saturday is going to be my last day. Kat: What?? Why is that? Me: Well, you see, I am unable to work from 12/23 - 1/3 (BIG NO NO in the seasonal retail world) and then after that, my availability is going to change drastically because I will be rehearsing for an upcoming show. (or so I thought last night) Kat: Ok. Why can't you work during the week after Christmas? Me: I want to spend the time with my family and my brother. He is here for two weeks and considering the fact that I haven't seen him in almost a year, I think it would be appropriate for me to spend as much time with him as I can. Kat: Well, I understand completely where you are coming from and I would like you to know that we value you immensely as an employee here. I want you to stay on at least through the season. Take all the time you need over Christmas and New Years. I will put you back on the schedule starting on January 3rd. Me: (UGH! I can't quit this job to save my life!) Wow. That is incredibly generous of you. Kat: What would your availability be once you returned on January 3rd? Me: I have full availability from 1/3 - 1/10, but after that I am only able to work Tuesdays and Wednesdays from 6-11pm and then Saturdays from 12-6pm. It's not much and I know you hired me for seasonal, but that is what I am going to have to do. Kat: I think that's fine. We would rather have you on staff than not, so why don't you write down this new availability and I will work around it. Me: (UM!) Ok...thank you so much for being so understanding and helpful. When does the season end? Kat: Seasonal employees are hired for about 3 months and then depending on the stores' needs, you may or may not be asked to join us full time. (meaning part time hours, but full gap employee status)(my biggest nightmare on the planet) Me: Great. Then I guess we can meet by the end of January to discuss my future employment here. Kat: Sounds good to me. And again Joe, I want you to know that we really do value the work you do here. It does not go unnoticed. We hug. ----END SCENE---- It is quite clear to me that I am going to be working at the Gap for the rest of my life. You would think that one fake sick day, one fake death, and then completely changing my availability to suit my needs and my needs alone would be cause enough for a firing. But no! These people love me more for it. Ah geez...on the plus side...I will still be making cash, which is nice. My last paycheck was for $412 and that looks very nice sitting in my savings account. :) My goal is to have $1000 in there before this whole Gap thing is through. I can't wait to work my last shift there on Saturday. The 10 days off from both of my jobs is just about the best Christmas present I could ever get. Thank you for being born baby Jeebus. I had a wonderful conversation with my mother this morning. She made me laugh pretty hard and she assisted in making this day just a bit better for me. Unfortunately, it wasn't enough to stop the avalanche that is my personal strength today. Tumbling and rolling down the mountain goes my optimistic view on life. Kelly and I had a talk this morning about the show she and Megan are putting up next year. They are now doing three different shows that will perform at three different times throughout the year. Originally they were going to start work on a show called urlLink Stupid Kids in January. I did this show in college and it was by FAR my favorite script to work with. It is a wonderful play, so complex and intriguing. It's a true audience favorite as well. I was very VERY excited to come back from Christmas and start work on this. Unfortunately, Kelly tells me this morning that they have now decided to start work on this show in late April. They will be doing another show called urlLink Sexual Perversity in Chicago first. Work on this production will begin sometime during the 3rd week of January. I am very excited for Kelly and Megan and for the fact that they are going in a definite direction with all of this. But I would be lying if I didn't say that I am incredibly disappointed to find out that I will not be working on this with them. Kelly and I sat down at the beginning of December and discussed, in great detail, a show called "A Bench at the Edge". Now, while I was not going to be acting much in the show, I was still going to be a very big part of the production. I told her, about two weeks ago, that I was going to be unable to start working on the show until the second week of January due to my schedule being completely filled up with two jobs, Christmas, and a boyfriend moving to New York City. She didn't seem too keen on waiting for me and has since changed everything with Megan. I understand why she did what she did, but it does sting a bit. I was really excited. Kelly sees me as a "consultant" for this new show. I am more than willing to help in whatever way I can, but through all of this, I have learned that I can't count on anyone else to get me started. I have to get me started. I thought that working on this production with Kelly and her friend Megan was a great opportunity for me to dip my foot into the "acting" pool again; a way to feel and experience again what theater is all about before I try to go out and face the big, bad, scary world that is awaiting me. But this isn't going to happen. I feel a bit defeated today. I guess this is what a career in acting is all about anyway. Nothing is ever a sure thing and ideas get formulated and changed all the time. It is the actor's responsibility to just go with the flow. Which is what I will do. :( I truly hope that I will be able to get myself into an acting class and production come the new year. I want 2003 to be a lot different than 2001 and 2002 were. As I have said a million times previous, it takes one day to change your life. Maybe January 1st will be this day. :) It is so hard to stay positive when there are constant curve balls being thrown at you. I know I keep saying how much things are changing around me, but I must say it again: Things are changing , drastically and fast. Paul is increasingly more lonely in NYC despite the fact that I am there for him. I work way too much. Rita is going through so many new changes and experiences. Kelly is moving forward with her life and career. I am working two jobs that are doing nothing, but making me feel inept and worthless. I am poor. And most importantly, I haven't been genuinely happy in months. When is rock bottom? How do I know if I have reached it? I wish I could figure this all out. I hate being 25.

 So everyone has left work except for my boss and myself. It is DEAD in our office and there really is no need for us to be here. Unfortunately, I had to stay because I have to work at the Gap and there is really no need for me to go all the way home, to Paul's or to Ari's to hang out. Well, I could go to Ari's, but the temptation to smoke pot with her once I am there is way too great. I'll fall asleep on my face by 9pm if I get all jacked up right now. :( I want to leave early too! Ah well.... 10 more minutes and I will feebly make my way to the subway and bus. Have I told you lately how much I truly hate the Gap? Hate.

 NO STRIKE! Thank GOD! sike. I keep telling myself that so I'm not pissed at all of the hype that has gone on in NYC over the past week. I mean, did any of us really believe that there was going to be a city wide transit strike? Obviously, we know it's too good to be true. I reconciled with the idea of no strike on Saturday, so that I wouldn't spend all day yesterday hoping and praying. I would be lying if I said I didn't immediatly turn on the tv at 12am to see what the deal was. And of COURSE (!) the strike was delayed. The only thing that could be worse than NOT having a strike, is having one during the work day. Either way we gotta stay at work and then...how do we get home?? Harumph! Friday night, Paul and I went to Ian's soiree! It was a really great time. Actually, I'm a bit surprised at how much fun he and I had there. We didn't know many people, but both of us were able to make conversation very easily and everyone wanted to know our entire life story. We must have told how we met and fell in love about 36 times that evening. It was fun having everyone be interested in the reasons of why Joe and Paul are now living in NYC together. It was the first time in, well...maybe forever, that Paul and I were an actual TEAM. We drank some beers, ate some holiday cookies, and found our first gay couple to go on dates with! Ian and his boyfriend David are just about the best. Paul was anti-Ian before the party, but 30 minutes into it and he was pulling me aside and telling me how great he thinks Ian really is. Ian's boyfriend, David, was pretty incredible too. He and Paul got along famously as Ian and I gossiped like two bitties in the corner. We made plans to get together after New Year's for dinner or a show or something. How neat. After the party, Paul and I jetted down to the restaurant that Kelly works at. It was beautiful! I really loved the style of the place. It was very warm and I thoroughly enjoyed being there. Kelly was busy counting out her tips and closing up, but we were able to talk to her for a bit. Paul and I had some very interesting and intense conversation while we were there. I tried to explain the reality of "depression" to him as he sat there and told me that he has "depression" too. It was rough going for a bit, but I think I got my point across. Eventually he was able to listen to what I was saying without trying to compare and compete with me. You see, with a lot of gay relationships, there is this unnecessary desire to turn everything into competition. I think it is based on jealousy, but that could be just my scenario. It tends to be somewhat difficult to have two people of the same sex share friends, make different salaries, etc. Sometimes things just become a big game of who is better than who... Paul tends to do this with me alot. If I say I struggle with depression, Paul says that he "has depression too" because he "gets sad alot". Ugh. If I say that I am working a lot this week, Paul says that he has "worked his ass off for the last 4 years". And so on and so forth... I am really tring to break him of this habit, but it is hard. I find myself choosing my words very carefully as to avoid any sort of argument as to who is the stronger individual. I have decided that I am putting my two weeks in at the Gap. At least I THINK that is what I have decided. I was on the subway this morning, analyzing my plan of attack. I was told yesterday that if we don't work the week of Christmas, we will be scheduled on New Year's Eve and New Year's day as stock people. We would get paid time and a half, but really...is it worth it? never. I think I am going to tell them that this satruday is my last day. Essentially it is two week's notice, cuz I have all next week off due to Christmas and my brother coming home. But I don't necessarily want to leave permanently. I really wish I could work 2 or 3 shifts a week there. But at this point, that is impossible. Besides, I am VERY excited to get to work on the play that Kelly and her friend Megan are putting together. (Oh yeah...Kelly and her friend Megan are putting together another show.) And they want me to be a part of it. YAY! I will miss the people that I work with. They are all so totally nice and appreciative of me. If the job wasn't such dook... And more importantly, if my schedule wasn't such hell. Aw well. LATAS GAP! It was good for the 6 weeks it lasted. Luckily I work this Saturday at 6am. They will kick me right in the nuts as I leave... Tomorrow is Kelly's 22nd birthday! And also my friend Randy's! HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRLS! Kelly and Rita are planning on having some food and drinks. I wish I could be there, but I knew going into this week that it was going to be completely impossible. Unfortunately, I am off Wed. and Thursday of this week. The only woman that could have switched shifts with me told me that she doesn't work after 10pm and since I work till 12am that night, it's a no go. Kelly and I had a talk about it last week, so at least I know she won't hate me for not being around. Whatevs Kel! We will go to the Power Company on Christmas night to celebrate! WHOO HOO! Paul and I watched urlLink The Laramie Project last night. We had been wanting to see it for months and we finally just rented it. I must admit that it wasn't what I thought it was going to be. As far as content goes, it was a beautifully written and emotionally powerful movie. As far as a movie goes, I was left wanting a bit more. I got a bit tired at the end and started to fade out rapidly. But maybe that was because I worked an 11 hour shift yesterday. I was extremely moved by particular scenes of the movie and I do recommend that everyone on the planet see it at some point. If you have any problem understanding the difference between straight people and gay people, this movie will make the message clear. THERE IS NO DIFFERENCE. Please see this movie. Ok...one of my gay internet friends wants to talk... Must go stare at his beautiful body for awhile. :-D hahahahahahahahahahahaha but also no ha's. ha.

 FRIDAY! FRIDAY! FRIDAY! WHOOOOOOOOO! I just ate my breakfast and now I am counting the minutes until this office closes. Last night's dinner at Cafe Orlin started out a bit rough, but ended up being a fantastic good time. I bit Paul's head off at one point and then he ripped my nuts off and then we both sat there bleeding for about an hour. I told him to "just go home" during one of his little "bitch at Joe" sessions and then he almost did. The rest of the night, no matter what I said or did, had no affect on Paul "Sally Sad Pants". He was pissed off. He was quiet and he obviously just wanted to be left alone. It was rather frustrating. Cuz really... Get the fuck over it. I find myself constantly biting my tongue at the things he says and I just "get over it". I think we may be spending too much time together. We will have a little break this weekend. He is going out with friends of his on Saturday night and I am hanging out with Miss Reets. We may either go to a party on Long Island or we may stay in and watch movies or maybe we will fuck the shit out of eachother. without condoms. um. I don't know. Don't ask me why that just came out of my fingertips, but it did. Tonight Paul and I are going to Ian's party for a bit. Then we will go to where Kelly works and have a drink. Then we will probably go out to some gay place and grind on eachother for a couple of hours. Sweaty, drunken, fun. Okay never. I'm lucky if we even kiss eachother goodnight at this point. SO! Have we all seen the new plans for the NEW YORK CITY 9/11 rebuilding? If you haven't seen a picture of what they plan to do, you are going to die of shock! They want to build a beach that sits on the edge of the east village. They also want to put up an ice rink, all of these crazy shops, 10,000 new apartments, and best of all.......a floating meadow. Now what IS a floating meadow, you ask? Well you see, it's a huge plot of grassy land that will be towed by boat around the island. My understanding is that you go onto the floating meadow to have a nice picnic lunch, then sit on it as you go floating by the entire outling edge of the city. IT'S SO WEIRD! And so COOL! I want a floating meadow to drive me to work. Magine? Ok...I just got some pretty great news. As it is, I have off the entire week of Christmas from work. I also have New Year's Eve and New Year's Day off from work as well. And now the piece de resistance is that I have off 12/30 too! That means I have 9 days off from work! That is more than I had off during my vacation to Florida this summer. What is this place? The best?! So many days...so many days... I really can't wait until the 23rd hits. What a fucking great holiday it's going to be this year. I think it's fair for me to have a good Christmas, considering that Thanksgiving was a complete wash. Good times, great tastes. I had such a great time hanging out with Rita and Kelly last night. I miss them tremendously. I got kinda drunk and actually was the only one who was that way. The rest of them were pretty sober and I was stumbling around like a mad man. It's kinda fun to be that way once in awhile. So, we are hastily making preparations for our transit strike! YAY! Can we PLEASE have more days off???? At this rate, I NEVER have to go to work. We will all find out on Sunday night (monday morning) at 12am if don't have to go to work. Please please please please. Please and carrots. Alrighty. I'm out! Have a great weekend everyone! Hopefully I won't see you here on Monday morning!

 It's THURSDAY! I don't have to be back at the Gap until Sunday. I will be mourning the loss of my uncle until that day. Man, I am a scumbag in it's truest form. But a scumbag that doesn't have to work! Every morning when I come in, my boss has to come out, prop himself on my desk and instigate some increasingly stupid bantar about how I must be so tired working two jobs and living the life of a 25 year old. He is rather annoying and if the bitch doesn't leave me alone soon, I swear I am going to blow. How many times can I tell him: "Yes, Teef, I am EXHAUSTED (even when I'm not) and so ready for the weekend." "Oh yes Teef, it's just one more week till Christmas. I know, I can't wait either." Fucking snore! Can you just stay in your office and act like a boss? Or at least like a guy who has some sort of work to do? Next topic... Paul has been living here for exactly 10 days now. In those 10 days, we have "hooked up" once; the night he got here. It's starting to worry me a bit. Yes, I am gone most of the time, at one job or another, but is this really the reason why we aren't physical with eachother? Over the last week I seem to have developed a horrible body image. See, while Paul doesn't have the body that I desire, I CERTAINLY do not have the body he desires, and it is becoming increasingly more obvious to me. He is nice to me and all and it's not like he calls me "blobby" or "fats Mcfats", but at the same time, his body is better than mine and suddenly I am feeling really horrible about the way I look naked. I am sure that I am doing this to myself. I have a tendency to beat myself up over things that are totally inconsequential. I don't know. Either way, I feel shitty about the stomach, ass, and thighs issue. Why don't I just grow a fucking vagina already? I think it may be time for me to really start eating a bit healthier. Smaller portions, less grease, not late at night, etc. I am 25 years old and I am tired of having a blah body. I want to have a hot body. I want to feel healthy and feel confident when I take my shirt off. These are things that everyone probably wants, but it's time for me to stop my complaining and just take care of it. Then maybe if I do, Paul will start to build up his bod a bit. At least one can hope. If not, I will body slam him. Cuz by then I will be big and buff. So I wonder why Paul and I haven't been affectionate. Last night the reason was because I was a fat ass. Two days ago it was because he just didn't like me anymore. Tomorrow it will probably be because I have black shoes with buckles on. As I was falling asleep last night, I was thinking about how many guys I have hooked up with. As we all know, I am a virgin when it comes to the anal penetration, but dick sucking...yikes. I counted 8 different guys. There was one more guy, but I just played with his cock and balls a bit. :) I keep saying that I don't want to commit to Paul completely because I need to experience other guys. But really? Aren't 8 dicks in my mouth enough? Isn't it time for me to TRY to block out all of my other sexual conquests? I am confused. When you are in love, are you to never have other thoughts? No, that's foolish. Of course you have other thoughts. But should you go looking and pursuing these other thoughts? Cuz I do and usually on a daily basis. When is it all going to click? On Tuesday night, when Paul and I were having our "serious talks", one of the biggest topics we discussed was our fear of this relationship not working out the way we thought it would. For one, he is afraid that once we have sex, he will realize that he is a bottom. This is a BIG fear of mine too, cuz although I have yet to have a dick in my ass, I KNOW that I want to be the receiver. Paul asked how I know and I couldn't explain it coherently, except to say that when I jerk off and think about having sex, I am always getting it in the ass. Paul seems to think that he is versatile. He wants to give and receive. He also seems to think that I am going to love sticking it in and will eventually become a top and bottom (versatile like him). But that will never happen and I know it. So the problem here lies in the fact that if we are both bottoms, all we will be able to do sexually is slam our asses against eachother. Hmmmm.... This problem leads into MY biggest fear about our relationship... I am so nervous that we are going to figure out that we are extremely intense best friends, but that that is as far as it will ever go. How do you know the difference between love and sex? How do you know when the two just aren't working together in a beautiful cohesive manner? Paul isn't as worried as I am about us figuring out that we are just friends. He thinks that, mostly, because he is secure in how he feels about me. I am secure in where our relationship is now . But that is about it. I can't predict the future or how our lives will be after sex. S:Dhjif :LKSDJ F:SDKLHJGDL:KH!!!!!!!! I have no idea. Everything is changing around me and I can't control any of it. I have major control issues and I am finding that as life goes on, there are fewer and fewer things in my life that I have control over. I hate curve balls. I hate anything I don't understand. I hate not being able to live my life the way I want to live it. I guess I am going to have to learn how to deal with this. But I am not ready. Not yet. What do I want? I want my friends to be chill. I want my boyfriend to want me and love me the way I always thought my boyfriend would. I want my parents to let me live my life at my own pace. I want my brother to leave the ARMY. I want to get my act together in all areas of my life, not just those that are work related. I want to live a healthier existence. And most of all... I just want to be understood and in turn, be happy. But really...is any of this possible? Maybe? Maybe.

 Paul and I went to "Tom's Restaurant" (of Seinfeld fame) for lunch. I always get the open grilled cheese sandwich, but today decided to try the chicken souvlaki. Cuz I LOVE me some chicks and souvlaks. However, it was the nastiest thing I have ever had. The chicken looked like Pimento loaf and it was served with honey mustard. Honey mustard?!?!?! oh yeah Tom, VERY Greek. In any case, I ate as much as I could and watch Paul HOUSE his chicken salad salad. No really, that's what it was called. He had chicken salad on a salad. Sick. But he ate every bite. As I was walking back to my building I looked back to see if he was still looking at me and I noticed that he was. We kept looking back at eachother over and over until he disappeared behind the local food mart. It was all very sappy and annoying. And I loved every second of it. Only 6 more hours until I get to go back to bed. Thank the goodness of the Lord.

 Ugh. Wednesdays are such shit. Once Thursday hits, the week gets SO much better. I know we all feel this way. However, today is making me want to run far far away. I just want the day to be over. I wish I could fast forward until 12am when I will be warm and happy in bed. But alas... Paul and I had happy hour at his apartment last night. I picked up some wine on the way over and we talked and drank until about 7:30pm and then got dressed in our prettiest and went over to Beige to have a couple of drinks. I felt so NY when I was with him last night. Big and tough Paul was showing quite a few signs of insecurity and that made me feel as though he is finally understanding how hard it is to live in NYC. Visiting is one thing, staying here is totally another. But alas... Ok, can I stop with the "but alas" shit? Usually, Paul and I don't function well at gay bars together. He tends to be a bit overprotective of me and he gets all crazy sometimes. Last night was not this way. Last night, we just talked and talked until both of our mouths were ripping off at the hinges. I mean, we covered everything from losing our virginity to eachother, to what secrets we have that no one knows about. (there is still one I haven't told him, no matter how much he begged) I am sure he has a few skeletons in his closet. And also some gay spiders too. I do have to say that Paul surprised me with some great shit last night. He only buys milk and orange juice for his pad. He doesn't believe in Kool-Aid or Iced Tea or soda. But that's all I drink. So last night I come home to find a box of Kool-Aid Koolers in the fridge. I didn't have the heart to tell him that I am not really a fan of sugar pouches, no matter how much the company decorates the product, but I chugged down three of them in 5 minutes anyway. He also bought me an Arizona Iced Tea, which was pretty sweet of him. Then, the coup de resistance, he rented a movie called L.I.E. , which I have been dying to see. How did he know to get that? I had never mentioned it to him before. It was random and so wonderful. I told him that he shocks me with how incredible he is every single day. We did spend alot of the night in heated discussion about one thing or another. But unlike the past, we get over any argument in about 5 minutes and are back to being happy with eachother. It was never like that before. There was always one of us threatening the other person with some sort of bullshit. But now, we just get over it and try our damndest to make attempts at being mature, responsible adults. Overall, I had a very nice time with Paul last night. I am waiting for him to come up to my work to take me to lunch now. I want grilled cheese, but I know he is going to make me get a salad. Fine. I like salad with tons of BLUE CHEESE on it! HAHAHAHAHAHA and also boh. While I was on the subway last night, going to his apartment, I had my headphones on and wasn't really paying attention to what was going on around me. Suddenly, this man with no legs...and I mean NO legs, not even stumps, goes scooting by in front of me jingling a cup and asking for change. I was like "WHA?", cuz I mean, NO LEGS! I gave him the change I had in my pocket and then I lowered my head to either laugh or cry. I don't know. Kelly and Rita have decorated our apartment all Christmasy! Is Christmasy spelled Christmassy? Thats weird looking. So, Kelly and Rita have decorated our apartment all Christmasy and I get to see it tomorrow night. We are going out to dinner with Paul as well, to celebrate the holidays. Kelly has picked a place called "Cafe Orlin" and I am much excited to go and have a wonderful dinner with friends. Hopefully Kelly will sexy dance for our waitress. Give her a bottle of wine and I think that is a guarantee... Tonight I work at the Gap. I have to walk in with a very sad face on. I really hate having to go and it has been so nice to have the past two days off. It felt like I had a life again! Ah well... I am off Thursday-Saturday, so that will be nice. I am supposed to go to a party at this kid Ian's house on Friday, but Paul is not a huge fan of him. Probably cuz I sucked Ian's dick last summer. I mean really Paul...can't you just get over it already? Paul and I had a really long talk about him and he is finally willing to get to know him a bit better. We will go to the party from 10-11pm and then we run away as fast as we can. Ian has a roommate named "Will" who is probably one of the worst people ever. He's just gross gay. You know how that goes. Will will be all over me until the minute I leave the party. Paul will probably punch Will in the face by the end of the first round of drinks. Snores. Alright, Paul is finally here for our lunch date. YUM! I don't know what I should eat first... His dick or my grilled cheese. maybe both at the same time. SLURP!

 OOH! One more thing! Another great thing that happened today, as if anything great actually happened today... oh yeah...no work tonight...that's pretty great. In any case, we got bonus's at work today! A good bonus too! Over a hundred bucks bonus! bonus BONUS bonus. Sometimes this shit hole that I work at ain't quite so shitty. Seriously. no. seriously. hahahahahaha pth.

 Oh yeah, I am not working tonight afterall. I need more time to heal my broken heart.

 So Paul and I are hanging out alone tonight. We are going to Beige for some drinks. But not until we have watched the SIMPSONS together. How fun! I haven't seen the Simpsons in about 3 years. Tonight is the test to see how Paul and I do at a gay bar alone. Usually we aren't so good. I have the "roving eye" and he plays the part of "bitter jealous boyfriend". Will definitely check in here tomorrow to report on the nights' happenings. PEAYCE!

 urlLink urlLink Which Piercing are you?

 I just had the most adorable break. I had nothing to do today, so I walked around our building trying to find somewhere to rest my eyes. Every single room was occupied, so I went down to the spot that I have been using for the last couple of days. There is a little room next to the front desk that has some chairs, blankets, and pillows set up. When I sleep there, Pedro, the front door man, lets me go in there and use the space. Today he wanted to sleep in there too. So, I tell him to sleep next to me. The two of us laid there, next to eachother sleeping. It was so cute. But, I have to admit that it was like sleeping next to a full grown papa bear. There was gurgling, choking, and some kind of wheezing that I am SURE isn't normal coming from a 40 year old man. But who knows. He was very tired. I also should point out that one of my co-workers, who is a female but has been called "androgenous" on numerous occassions, now has the same exact Gap sweater that I have. She wore hers yesterday and I am wearing mine today. If she is half a woman and I am half a woman and we are both wearing the sweater on the same day, does that make us one full woman? HOT!

 I think this has been the longest I have ever gone without writing. I have been inundated with life's bullshit and I had a hard time making my way back to this poor lil' journal of mine. But here I am, back and with a smile on my face. :-D Where to begin.... hmmmmm...... Paul moved back to Boston. Things just didn't work out. He and I found ourselves fighting non-stop, so he cancelled his lease and moved back. It was such a waste of a trip. hahaha. imagine? Quite the contrary. Things between he and I are going so well and I have never been happier in our relationship. Being around eachother so much has enabled us to really get to know eachother better. Or at least, get to know our relationship better. I am not as much of a bitch as I used to be, I have so much more kindness and patience with him now that I know that I can see him whenever I want, AND most importantly...my love for him grows stronger with each word that comes out of his mouth. Overall we are much nicer to eachother. He says stupid shit, but then APOLOGIZES for it. In turn, I accept the apology and keep my smart ass retorts to myself. Well, sometimes I let a few slip out, but he handles them better now knowing that there are only a few . He misses me when I am gone during the day. He calls more. It's just SO MUCH BETTER for our relationship now that he lives in NYC. I told him this morning, that I might not stay there tonight (for reasons which I will explain in a minute) and he was like "Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyy?" And I said: "Cuz I want to". And he gave me sad face until I left to go to work. Who replaced my old Paul with this wonderfully sweet person? I love him. I was supposed to work last night. But you see...what happened was..... I told them that my uncle died yesterday. (um!) I know. But I did. I was supposed to work a shift this Friday night from 10pm-7am and I just REALLY didn't want to do it. It kills my whole weekend. AGAIN! And it's CHRISTMAS TIME! AND I HATE THE GAP! Anyway, since the "funeral" is on Friday, I can't work the shift. They were INCREDIBLY understanding and told me to take last night off too. I got back to Paul's place around 7pm and we had a "toasted almond" and then went to a sushi restaurant. Ok...Joe CuttheShit doesn't go out for sushi. Joe CuttheShit goes out for McDonald's only . But I went and I tried so many new things and guess what??? I LOVED IT! I had California Rolls (which I knew I liked thanks to Rita) and also I had Philadelphia Maki and Alaskan Maki. Now I know that these are probably the most generic sushi items that you can get, but I still ate them and loved it! They had cream cheese in them for Pete's sake! I thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Asian people are pretty nice too. They smile and work fast. haha. sike. hmmmm.... sorta sike. Paul's roommate, Lisa, went with us and that was interesting. She is a very unique individual. And I don't mean that in a nice way. She's kind of hard to talk to. I mean, she is fine...but definitely gives me some pause. I don't know...it might take time before I fully understand what she is all about. Paul's other roommate, Jen, is unique as well, although "unique" in a way that Lisa is not. But still not in an overly good way. Do you understand what I am trying to say? Lisa and Jen are not the devils of doom, but they are definitely not the angels of fun. Hmmm... I am being very vague about them, but that's because I feel like it's not right for me to judge them yet. Once I get to know them better I will give a little more detail. Or at least judge them a little more critically. hee. After Sushi dinner, Paul took me over to urlLink Pommes Frites and I chowed down on some MAJOR FRIES! I got a "double" and here are the dipping sauces that Paul and I shoved into our mouths: Cheddar Cheese, Ketchup, Tartar Sauce (Paul's horrible pick), Blue Cheese (my wonderful pick), and the best of all Rosemary Garlic Mayo! -----> that one was jizzmatic. The double size is enormous, but I had no problem fitting in all in my stomach. Even after 15 maki rolls. And the best part about this wonderful restaurant is that it is right around the block from Paul's apartment! ROCK! It was quite a wonderful evening. Well, except for the fact that we watched Death to Smoochy , which sucked my asshole dry. I was in bed by 12am and HAPPILY got to sleep for 8 hours! I have to call the Gap in a little bit and feel it out. If they tell me to take another night off to "get myself emotionally together" then I totally will! YAY! I think I was most impressed with the fact that literal tears rolled down my face while I talked to my manager last night. Told you I was a good actor. The gift is still there, even if a little rusty. Last Wednesday night, Kelly, Rita, Paul and I went out for drinks and had plans to go see the Christmas Tree lighting at Rockefeller. Well, of COURSE by the time we were going to get our drunk asses over there, the roads were all blocked off and we just went home. We had fun any way and Kelly "sexy danced" her night away. No, I'm not kidding. While acting out our craziness at my apartment, in Queens, Kelly sexy danced in her bra and jeans for at least an hour and a half. She was grinding my leg, the frame to my bedroom door, and Paul until the wee hours of the morning. In between grinding, Kelly would go tearing through the house attacking me from every angle. At one point, she took her nails and dragged them down my neck in typical Freddy Krueger style. Although painful, I laughed my ASS off all night long. It was amazing fun. What else big happened? OH! On Friday night, Paul, Rita, Mariah and I hung out and had a buh buh buh blast! We were supposed to go the West Village, but ended up at Cedars , this cute hole in the wall for french fries and drinks. Hanging out with Mariah is always amazing. She and I were able to jam out to the Justin Timberlake CD for hours and that is just about my favorite thing to do. Mariah and I always put in our favorite cd and then try to teach eachother new parts to the song, although Mariah is much better at it than I am. She discovers hidden riffs everywhere and I always stand there sheepish. Paul actually didn't drink much that night and was sober by 2am. I, on the other hand, was buh buh blasted and kept him up until 4:30am with my incessant rambling. At one point, he told me that I always have to be the "life of the party" and that I "don't give anyone else a chance to have the spotlight". That hurt my feelings a bit and I thought about it all day on Saturday. When I got home that night, I apologized to him for doing that and he said that he was sorry for making me feel bad about it. Paul is not totally right in what he said, but he does have a point. I need to take the step back sometimes. I don't need to be in control of everything. It's hard not to act like that. I don't know. I'm not ready to deal with it yet. so i run away. but with my spotlight off and my mouth closed. I will be better. Okay, I have to go play now. I have spent too much time writing diligently in my journal. Time to go partake in some sexy talk online. Then off to have a cigarette, roll with butter, and vitamin water. Then write in here again. Then lunch. Then sexy talk until I spend the last hour of my day doing actual work. mmmmm....sexy talk. Promise not to take such a long hiatus next time. Promise with my entire nut sack.

 I have no idea who the fuck this guy is, but the quiz totally pinned the kind of guy that makes me wet urlLink Which JQTRA Guy is for You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 urlLink Where Did Your Soul Originate? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 SO! It is Wednesday. Fuck yeah. I don't have to work tonight, I don't have to work tonight. The minute I walked out of the Gap last night, my heart jumped in my chest and I felt ALIVE again! Not having to go back until tomorrow night. Amazing. I could sit in my bedroom and stare at the wall all night and I would still feel just as happy not to have to work a 15 hour day. Everyone said that I would really start to value my free time and wasn't that the truth. I have about 2 hours a day to do what I want to do. These hours are always between 12-2am. While not the best time of day to put in a movie or read a book, just being able to sit and talk with someone is usually more than good enough. Paul and I were talking last night about how little I have actually seen him since he moved in. Although I haven't been home since Sunday, the only thing that is really different since Paul's move, is where I lay my head at night. He understands that I have to work as much as I do, as most of my friends do, but at the same time I know he is a bit disappointed that I am not around to play with. Both figuratively and literally. We made a "date" for Saturday night. Of course I have to work all fucking day, but I get off at 8pm and we are going to go on the first of what I hope is many dates. Probably dinner and a movie. Maybe we will try to get some RENT tickets for that night. Who knows, just as long as I get to hang out with him for more than an hour before I have to rush my ass to bed. While not seeing him enough is rather disheartening, just being able to sleep in bed with him every night is making my life so much happier. It's no fun working 70 hours a week, but when you know that you are going to be able to crawl into bed with your boyfriend that night, the day just seems to have a coating of "good" all over it. That "coating" is jizz. I hope you realize that. You do realize that. Slurp. OMIGOD! Everyone I work with is at a Board Meeting and since they have left, this place has been nothing short of a living nightmare. The phone is going crazy and I am about ready to rip someone's cunt off. Specifically this one bitch who keeps calling our office over and over and over and over. Fucking bitch! You see, I call her a bitch, cuz she is a secretary that is telling me to do something that HER boss wants HER to do. Whatever, long story and too annoying to get into. This lady sucks my cock. Okay...vented and got that shit out. Our housekeeper broke her front tooth last night on a piece of rice. There is a huge gaping hole in her mouth. I could tell she was upset this morning. Then she showed me the space in between her teeth and my heart smashed into a million pieces. Poor thing. Paul is going food shopping today, thank GOD! Paul's roommate, Jen, brought down a HUGE cooked ham with her. Don't ask why...it's a tad random that her mom made a Thanksgiving feast and then made a 20lb ham to bring to NYC. But whatever... So we have been eating nothing, but ham sandwiches, grilled ham, plain ham, ham with water, etc. I must admit that it is the best ham I have ever had, but ere'day? Too much ham for this boy. I won't be having any more until Easter. Great, I can hear the elevator coming. Let it be an asshole...let it be an asshole...I am so ready to punch someone in their ugly face right now. Tonight I have to stop by Mama Mia to get tickets for my mom. Every year she buys tickets to a show for my parents, my grandmother, and me. This year we tried to get Into the Woods tickets, but the show is closing. I was VERY disappointed. So Mama Mia it is. That's fine. Not my first pick, but who am I to complain? After I pick up the tickets, Paul and I are meeting up with Rita and Kelly to see the Christmas Tree lighting in Rockefellar Center. Paul thinks it's the dumbest idea on the planet and was even more irate about us not going to a gay bar for drinks, but I laid the smack down on this event. He can suck it up and go. And he better LOVE it or no dick action for him tonight. Is it wrong that I am most excited for bed tonight than anything else? Is it possible that I am going to have 7 or 8 hours of sleep tonight??? ROCK! I am so used to laying my head down for 4 hours and then getting up as though I never laid down to begin with. And I get to have drinks tonight too! That NEVER happens. AND AND AND I GET TO BE IN MY OWN BED IN MY OWN APARTMENT. YES! Sorry these entries have been so mundane these days...but when your head buzzes all day long from lack of sleep this is the writing that spews forth. The writing will become a lot more interesting once the end of January comes and I get some sleep. Until then, bear with my text-bookish entries. I gotta go talk to Mariah now.

 As of this moment, my bosses are deciding whether or not to close our building due to the fact that it is about 60 degrees in here. The heat is busted and we are all walking around in jackets, gloves, hats, and the such. It's quite awful. My fingers are killing me. I am convinced that if I type too fast, one of my digits is going to snap right at the keyboard. No blood will come out, cuz obviously that froze hours ago. The Gap went very well last night. They put me on cash register AGAIN! I told them that I wanted to be on the floor because I fucked up so much on Sunday night. They were like: "But we want you to be on register." I agreed with major hesitation and then suddenly I was register genius! I didn't have any voids and I was breezing through each transaction. At one point, a manager comes up to me and says: "Joe, cancel that transaction right now". I thought I was in trouble for something. As I go to ask him what the problem is, he says: "Miss, you have been banned from the store on numerous occassions. Leave now." She flipped out claiming that she didn't do anything wrong and eventually the security guard grabbed her by the arm and dragged her out of the building. It was quite exciting. I got to Paul's apartment at about 12:30am and was unpleasantly surprised to find out that he was not there. I started to get a bit frustrated with him because it is so typical for him to be more concerned about going out for drinks than it is for him to make sure that I could depend on him. Luckily I found him in a bar down the street. Don't ask me how I knew he was there, I just did. I walked in and without screaming and yelling, told him that I thought he was completely undependable and that I needed the keys now . He gave them to me and said something about loving me, but I was already out the door by that point. As I was getting my clothes ready for the next day, he came home and apologized and gave me the biggest, longest hug. I explained, very calmly, that I need him to be responsible when it comes to circumstances that are out of my control, but still affect me. I think he got the point, but with Paul you never know. We stayed up talking and laughing until about 2am and then I just had to go to bed. As we were falling asleep, he said "I love you" (he said it first again!) and then he combed his fingers through my hair until I went to sleep. When I woke up in the middle of the night he was reasting his hand on the top of my head. It was incredibly romantic and sweet. The 5 hours I spent with Paul yesterday (although all of them spent sleeping) was the best part of my whole day. I am so happy he's here. Tomorrow night, he and I are meeting up with Kelly and Rita for drinks and then we are heading over to Rockefellar Center to see the lighting of the big Christmas Tree. It is nice to do NY'ish things once in a while. I am THRILLED to have the night off from the Gap. I am actually staying at my house in Queens for the night. It was like pulling teeth to get Paul to agree to stay there instead of in the village. He doesn't see why we should ever go to Queens. He will learn his lesson. I just want to give him a couple days before I start laying on the guilt that I have an apartment that I love too. We will see. So cold...... so cold. Getting ready to go into my boss's office to tell him that I am calling it quits for the day. Cuz really...........................BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTTO! yum. I am doing my absolute best to quit biting my fingernails. I actually have some white on the tips of the nails now. It's pretty great. The only thing is that dirt gets under them and then I have to eat it. I want to have some salt and ketchup with my fingernail dirt. Some nice garlic, or rosemary... :-O*** I guess that's it for today. It's so freezing that my nuts have suctioned up into my body. They are gone now. Hibernating, I suppose. Time for me to go do the same...

 [BigBody]

 Gosh. What do I talk about first? So many things have happened today that I think I have to list them in order to make sure that I cover all of it. Here is my list: 1) Today I was informed that a student at my job knows that I keep this blog. I don't know how much he is reading and I don't know what to do. Yes, this is a public blog, but I write things in here that I would never want made "public". At least to my co-workers. So I am nervous about it and as I type in here tonight I feel as though I am being watched. Truth be told, the kid who knows about this blogger is seemingly very nice and respectable. I don't think that he would expose this site. And I don't think that I should have any cause to worry. But I do. This is MY journal and I have put a lot of effort into it and I don't want to ever have to explain myself when it comes to things I have written. Should I shut it down? 2) I spoke with my dad today, after not talking to him since New Year's. The longer I waited to call him, the more nervous and anxious I became. It was weird. My dad and I are very close, but he has said to me in the past: "I need you to give me 20 minutes of your week. Every week." And he's right. We should ALL have 20 minutes available, every week, for the people we love. I always get wrapped up in my dramatic bullshit that the days go by and I realize I have missed another phone call with my father. This man is my heart. I cherish his every being. I am very hard on him and I go through the day acting as though I am tough and "am embarrassed about everything he does", but when it comes down to it, I just love the man. He is very tough on me. Not in the way you would think. Truth is, he just wants the absolute best for me. The man truly believes that I have achievable dreams. He knows that acting is for me. He just wants me to prove it to myself. But damn that's a lot of pressure. Having someone believe in you more than you believe in yourself...AND they're your father? Shit. Sometimes the love I have for him makes me implode with nervous vomit. I think you understand. 3) public blog public blog public blog 4) I have to change the link to my website soon. 5) Yesterday for lunch I had an apple (granny smith, the only apple that can be deemed 'edible'") and a wheat roll with nothing on it. Pretty healthy, eh? Well today, we had free pizza at work and my yogurt and apple idea went down the tubes pretty quickly. You see, I can do it. I can be healthy. But when I am told that there is free pizza and I don't have to pay $2.50 for organic bullshit, do I say no? Do I spend the money on yogurt and granny's when I can just eat the pizza for free? FOR REAL NOW. Why does dieting cost so much more money that eating garbage? My point is: OKAY FINE! I WILL EAT HEALTHY! But why the FUCK do I have to go broke doing it? Does the government want us to be obese? All of the newspapers say that "America is getting fatter!" ARE WE SERIOUS? It costs MORE money to buy an apple and wheat roll than it does to buy a slice of pizza. Sure, water is free. But god forbid you want to drink a bottle of cranberry juice as a change up. That shit costs like $40! I mean, come on. I am willing to get into shape and all, but bitch gotta live. 6) I think I might have a nervous breakdown when Rita leaves and Kelly and I move into Manhatten. 7) Paul and I had the most wonderful and horrible argument last night. You see, I wanted to go out to dinner and not eat "shepard's pie". (The dinner he prepared the night before. Yes, I know. Peasant food.) Paul could eat it every day. hm. I offered to pay for us to eat a sushi dinner (his favorite), but that I would need to borrow $10 until Friday cuz I didn't have enough cash. But NOTE...I offered to PAY. Also don't forget that during my work day I offered to meet him at "The Food Emporium" to buy groceries. I was trying to be NICE and AGREEABLE. When I mentioned the idea of borrowing money from him, he said "No! You will go to an ATM cuz you never pay me back and you spend all of my money." (When I relayed this to Rita tonight she screamed back: "There is DOCUMENTED PROOF that you have gone dutch since he's been in NY!" And she's right) I told him that I couldn't believe that I had to spend $1.50 on an ATM to get cash when he had it sitting right on his dresser (I don't know how to spell dresser) We fought big time and eventually I just told him the truth. "I'm not happy in this relationship. I think you are mean to me and cut me down. I think that you take everything that bothers you out on ME and I am tired of spending my nights that way. Something needs to change now. You moving here or not. I don't want to be around you anymore." Paul responds with: "Then get out!" Don't worry. Joe responds with a witty and intelligent and pinning him to the wall argument that he cannot deny. Paul gets nervous when he knows he's wrong and all he can say is: "I don't want to talk about this right now" or "just go home then. If you don't love me, go home." That old story. Bitch, we been together three years. Be a man and talk serious with your boyfriend. After much debate I do believe that Paul heard me and that he will see the difference between the good way to treat people you love and the bad way to treat people you love. If he doesn't learn the difference, then he will be spending alot of time alone. Thinking. 8) "The Bachlertette"...OMIGOD HOW DO YOU SPELL BACHLORETTE? AAAAGH! I HATE THE SHOW AND EVEN MORE SO I HATE THE SPELLING OF THE NAME! boof. 9) Today, Kelly told the landlord that we were moving. She's got balls, that one does. I am so thankful that she took care of that and that we can all focus on just moving. From what I hear, Pintu, our landslords, told Kelly that he would lower the rent in order for us to stay. UM!??!?!?! I mean, we should have "moved" MONTHS ago! For the love. In any case, we don't have to pay this month's rent cuz our security covers it and there, my friends, is my security deposit for my new apartment. A WHOPPING $670! Yeah! That FLIES in Manhatten. Oh boy. 10) I still love having my computer in my room. Now I gotta go. There's a dildo calling my name. SIKE! (of course....sorta sike)

 I guess the weekend is officially over now. I am back sitting at my desk and wondering how it is possible that the last 3 days have flown by as quickly as they did. Oh well. Back to my humdrum existence of answering phones and talking to students. God I hate my life. The weekend was pretty great. Kelly and I ended up staying awake until about 6am on Saturday night. Just talking and smoking cigarettes and hanging out. It was nice. Sunday night, Mariah, her roommate Rachel, Kelly, Paul and I all went over to the Boiler Room for drinks and talks. Despite Rachel's past attitude problems and the fact that she wanted to leave from the moment she got there, the time spent with her was pretty ok. She didn't bother anyone and I even laughed at some of the shit that came out of her mouth. Mariah was a gem all night and I definitely wished that Rachel had stayed home so that Mariah could have spent more time with us. Kelly, Paul, and I head over to Urge for one final drink before going home. Paul was able to sit and talk about his new job and I think that he is starting to feel a little bit better about being in NYC. Eventually Kelly took a cab home and Paul and I went back to his apartment. Passed out around 3:30am. Yesterday I had the day off from work, which was NICE. I spent the majority of the day watching tv and preparing for the audition that Kelly's theatre company was holding. Around 7pm, I bundled up my nerves, threw them in my bookbag and took off for Mid-town. It was freezing last night and the commute was fucking awful. I arrived at the theatre at 7:45pm for the 8pm audition. We were paired up into groups and were told that we could run lines with eachother before we had to go in. Side note: I hate running lines with people that I am supposedly competing with for a part. I was asked to read with this guy Patrick. At first I was glad that he was the one I was to be reading with. He was a nice guy and I thought that he would be easy to read with. I was completely wrong and knew it right from the start of the audition. Patrick is one of those guys that does distracting shit during a reading. In the middle of our audition, Patrick walks away from me, grabs a chair from against the wall and sits in it. UM...WHAT?! I mean, of COURSE he grabbed a chair and sat down in it. Why WOUDN'T he? He completely through me off and then my mind was racing with: "Now, as an actor, I KNOW I should figure out a way to get another chair and sit next to him, but he totally threw me off and now I don't even know where my line is and doh(!) I have just stepped all over his dialogue and ARGH I HATE THIS KID!". It was pretty frustrating. So then we switch roles and Patrick plays the part that I was playing and I play the part that Patrick was playing. This time though, I moved the chairs very far back so he couldn't grab one. BUT WOULDN'T YOU KNOW IT! In the middle of our scene, Patrick turns his back to me and takes at LEAST 4 or 5 steps towards the back of the room. Now, in order for me to continue reading with him, I have to figure out a way to walk backwards to stand by him. Or I can just turn around, talk directly to him, and stand with my back to the auditioners. Sure, I mean, why not? What an asshole he was. I mean, part of me is like: "He maximized his space and is trying to 'change up' the audition". But a bigger part of me is like: "You are a selfish prick/showoff/asshole that can't focus on your own audition. Instead you are distracting and do nothing but provide unnecessary challenges for the unlucky soul who has to read with you." Needless to say, this portion of the audition did not go well for me at all. When our time was up, I retreated to a chair outside of the audition room and just thought about what happened. I realized that it's been two years and I am out of practice. If I had been at the top of my game and slightly less rusty, I would have been able to combat Patrick's game playing. But I didn't. I fumbled, I lost my spot on the page, and I began to feel whatever confidence I had slip away and down the tubes of acting hell. While I was waiting for my second reading, I had a chance to watch and see the other guys preparing for their audition. As I watched each pair preparing for their turn in line, I was overwhelmed at how much more appropriate they would have been for the part instead of me. I usually think that I can play just about anything, but the old adage is true: "Not every actor is right for every role". These guys were better suited for this play and while I wanted to run out of the room in embarrassment, I know that a true actor sticks it out even when they know that they are no longer being considered for the part. So I did stay and I did the best I could at remaining focused. I was paired up with a guy named Lee for the second reading. This reading went much better for me, but I am not sure if that was because he was not an actor or if I just felt more comfortable with him. Lee was a great guy and was very easy to work with. Unfortunately, Lee just doesn't have it as an actor. (in my opinion) We had a smooth run and then we were asked to wait around for a bit. About 20 minutes later, Kelly and the rest of the crew came out and asked that 3 of the actors remain. The rest of us were told we could leave. I knew for sure, at that point, that there was no chance at me getting one of these two parts. I put on my jacket and left as quickly as I could. Upon arriving back at Paul's apartment, I was greeted with immediate "congratulations" and other words of excitement. Unfortuately, I had to sit down and explain to people, who aren't actors, that I just wasn't right for the role. Jen, Lisa, and Paul listened to what I had to say, but assured me that I would get cast based on the fact that Kelly is my housemate. That train of thought makes sense, but I didn't know how to explain to them that it just wasn't the case. Kelly wasn't the only person who would make the final cut and even if she was, she needs to do what she feels is right for her show. I spent the rest of the night running the audition over and over through my head. What could I have done differently? What do I need to work on? Was there ever a chance at me getting one of these roles anyway? I came in to work today to find an email from Kelly explaining that I was indeed NOT cast in the show. The disappointment I felt was pretty horrible, as it should be. Being told that you can't do something that you want to do, regardless of what it is, hurts a bit. Even though I convinced myself that I wasn't right for this part, I still felt kinda bad when I knew that my assumptions were right. I do believe that I could have played either of the roles I auditioned for. I believe that just about any of the guys auditioning could have played them as well. I think that Kelly and her group made the right decision in not casting me. If I had auditioned for people I didn't know, I am sure that it would have turned out the same. There were gyus there that were better suited to play these parts. I can accept that. So now I have to find another audition. There are quite a few good things that came out of last night. 1) I auditioned. After two years of running away from my dream, last night I took a step back towards it. 2) I realized that my fear of "risk taking" in an audition is still haunting me. I have always had a hard time putting myself out there when I am unsure as to how the part needs to be played. I set up walls for myself that I must learn how to climb over. 3) I felt ALIVE before, during, and after the audition. I felt more like myself again. I have been so mean and bitter lately and having spent one hour in front of people, trying out for a show, made me feel more like myself than anything else I have done since I left college. 4) I learned how to accept defeat. In the entertainment business, there is much more heartache and disappointment than any other field. You must learn how to be told that you are "not right for the part". I began learning this lesson last night. It will only make me stronger in the long run. All in all, last night was a great experience. So it's one show and I didn't get in. It happens. I will spend today looking for another audition and I will try to find the positive in what I have right now. I am so grateful that I was invited to the audition to begin with. It was a wonderful stepping stone for me. I remember what it's like to be in a room with a bunch of guys all wanting the same thing. It's just that this time, I was one of those people who didn't get what they wanted. This is going to happen to me about a thousand more times before I actually relax into something big. And that's it. Time to put the dream back on hold and go back to my life as an administrative assistant. :( For some reason, I hate this job more today than I ever have before.

 Talk about a LAME Saturday Night I had it all planned. Friday was my day alone. Tonight was dinner at Pauls restaurant and then out to see our friend Steve play in his band. But then things happened. As they always do. Friday started with Paul cancelling our Saturday dinner due to money worries. I understood. How could I not? Even if I was pretty excited that he used the word "date" when asking me to hang out. My night alone last night was everything I didnt want it to be: filled with anxiety, eating trash, and watching horrible tv for hours on hours on hours. Could I have done a sit-up? Could I have eaten a salad? Could I have done some acting exercises? Could I have EVEN put in a movie and watched something I hadnt seen over and over? no. Impossible. I was a piece of shit. And for the first time in a long time...I hated it. I didnt relax and I didnt have fun. Today...I did the same. Hung around and masturbated repeatedly. At one point I was sitting naked at Ritas computer pumping my shit when Pintu, the landlord, came barreling through the front door. Again. Does he have to come in EVERY time I am doing something nasty and gay? GOD. After running to my room and hiding out for an hour, I decided that it was time to re-emerge with confidence. If he was still tooling around our apartment, I would act all surpised and tell him to get the fuck out. Luckily he was gone. After that, I spoke with Paul and he was pretty irritable from having worked at a new restaurant for the last 5 days. He has been studying the store menu for days. His test is tomorrow. After speaking with him, I decided to whip up a very elegant and FAST dinner for him. I wanted it to be ready before he got to my pad. That gave me 50 minutes. I tore through the cupboards thinking of endless dinners in my mind. I finally settled on a quick marinated chicken, pasta packet of Fettucini Alfredo, and homemade bisquik biscuits. JUST LIKE RITA MAKES. I busted ass and the dinner was fully prepared for the minute he walked in the door. He was very pleased and we immediately sat down to dinner. (BTW...it was JOOD! ((that means "real good"))) While chomping on my fourth biscuit of the evening (stop it Joe. really now.), Mariah called to inform us that she wouldnt be going to the show due to a sudden illness. NOOOOOOOOOO! I was COUNTING on her being there. (She wasnt going originally, but changed her mind on Friday and I decided at that moment that I could only go if she were going.) So Mariah bails and I start to realize that I just dont want to go anymore. Of course. Paul needed to study his menu, so I spent the time taking a shower and getting ready for our night out. With Paul studying so diligently, I planned on us going out for a quick drink at a gay bar before heading over to the show at the Elbow Room . Every half hour I checked in on Paul to assess his progress. During one of my visits, I ripped his pants off and sucked his dick. He seemed surprised, but also pleased. I knew it would help him relax. :-D Finally, at 9:15pm, I gave him the final quiz. I dont know if the kid has literal rocks in his head or if he just stares at the pages and dreams of having fame, fortune, and a hot body, but he retained NONE OF IT! He has been studying this menu for days and when I quizzed him, he burst out laughing at each item. He was clueless. I grew frustrated and explained to him that he was really only hurting himself by spending his time studying, daydreaming. He nodded in approval and went back to work. At 10:15pm.... HE STILL KNEW NONE OF IT! No, thats not true. When I asked him what the ingredients were in the basic cheese pizza, he said: Well, I know that you are supposed to leave the basil off when children order it.....................................um. Good Paul. very good. I gave him a crash course in how to memorize things. The imagery trick worked like a charm, but after an hour and a half we still had only gotten through half the menu. At that point I offered to not go out at all and to spend the night helping him memorize. He was vehement in the fact that he had to go to Steves show. I said I understood that, but also understood that the test was in the morning and that he was still unprepared. This conversation eventually turned ugly and we fought. The fight led to a discussion and I tried to discuss a lot of the things that have been bothering me lately.: 1) He never listens. He talks over me and only about himself at an increasingly annoying rate. 2) He throws everything, from our past, in my face on a daily basis. It doesnt matter what comes out of my mouth, Paul has a memory of something shitty I have done that will counteract the point I am trying to make. God! This is the worst one. Whether its a talk about money or the amount of times one of us has said I love you, he throws it in my face. It makes it impossible to ever move forward. 3) He is taking all of his frustration on finding a new job and changing his life out on me. I understand that this has to happen. The kid did just move to NYC for me. But, its gotta let up a bit. I mean, seriously. Its been 7 or 8 weeks and he is about to break me. (I spent the last 3 days away from him. Not really talking on the phone, not sleeping in the same bed, not arguing...it was nice) I need him to get adjusted. Yet deep down I know it takes forEVER for this to happen when you first to move to NYC. I just have to be patient. It's all I can do. ugh. After our argument, there was no way that I could go to the show with him. The discussion had gotten too personal and real. I have to admit, I was very proud of myself during the whole thing. He got crazy and was screaming and I just listened and tried to understand. I didnt scream (unless he spoke over me) and I really made an effort in working through it. Ultimately it didnt matter tho. He left and refused to kiss me. (how quickly we forget the blow job of 8:17pm) I let him go. I then realized that I had no plans for Saturday night. Its now 12am and I sit here typing in my blogger. Yeah JOE! You are the MAN in NYC. Look at how the phone rings off the hook! God...time to not be such a loser. Kelly called and said she would be home around 2am. If I am still awake and breathing at that point, we will hang out. If not, I go to bed having spent 48 hours in my house. And for the most part...I have hated it. Tomorrow night I am to hang out with Mariah. That will prove to be more fun. Thank God I dont have to work on Monday or else this weekend would have been a complete wash. In conclusion... While sitting here typing this, I decided to play Ritas mp3 selection. I miss these songs. I remember sitting here last summer, drinking my glass of wine, and writing about my woes. Hearing some of these songs and sitting in this seat gives me this eerie feeling of comfort. I love it. And I am seriously going to miss living in my apartment. Pretty soon Kelly and I will move to Manhatten and Rita will move back to Syracuse. Life as I know it will change. Lord help us. oooh! One more thing.... Rita had a very beautiful and MOVING experience on Thursday night. An experience which she nor I will forget for the rest of our lives. I dont want to get into it, cuz its her business, but I do want to say that I was and am still overjoyed with happiness. And relief. It finally happened baby! WELCOME! I have never seen such beauty and innocence in your eyes as I did that night. I am always here if you need to talk. And thats it. Hope everyone else is having a more eventful Saturday night. I gotta go find something to do. Kelly doesnt get home for another couple of hours.

 OH NO!!! Guys...big problem. Nell Carter has died. I am in complete shock. The poor thing was 54 years old and yesterday she passed away. I mean, really! How can today be positive? Nell Carter is gone! For the full story, click on this: urlLink Nell Carter is dead now I feel horrible about this. Who DIDN'T love her? Cuz I surely did. ugh. Bye Nelly. Bye my sweet fat lady. :( In other news... I really don't know what else to say. I am kinda sad. I guess I am just going to have to get over it. I have yet to figure out a way to bring people back to life, so I guess I just have to accept the fact that I will never meet her and put my face in her beautiful busoms. (big sigh) So, this weekend seems to be filled with nothing, but fun. Tomorrow night is my night alone. I have no plans and that is exactly what I wanted. When Rita asked me what I was going to do...I told her that I would "buy a pint of Ben and Jerry's and eat the whole thing. The end." She thought that was a good idea too. On Saturday, Paul and I are going out to dinner at his new place of employment. I am excited about that. He is paying and that's a treat. These days we both go dutch and I hate it. I used to love being treated like the little princess. Dinner will be fun. And if I am lucky, maybe we will even hook up afterwords. Who knows. Saturday night, Kelly, Paul and I are going to see our friend Steve play a show at the Elbow Room. The band is called urlLink Lincoln Conspiracy and they're pretty good. Paul and I have been friends with Steve for a long time and it is going to be great to see him again. And he's pretty hot when he performs. His voice reminds me John Mayer. Cept "Lincoln Conspiracy" is more like "Our Lady Peace". You understand. Not only will we see Steve, we will also see our friends Stella and Doodie. It's going to be a big Boston reunion. I am muchly looking forward to it. On Sunday, I will be sleeping as late as I possibly can. After that I have errands to do and then will be going out with my old friend Mariah. It's been two weeks since I last saw her and we are very overdue for some special time together. Maybe we'll go out, maybe we'll stay in. Either way I am very happy to hang out with her again. I don't see her nearly enough and that has to change. On Monday, I will sleep late again and then get ready for my first audition in NYC! Kelly's theater company, The Glass Cage Theater Company , will be auditioning for their first production. I am pretty excited just to do anything that involves reading a script. I photocopied her copy of the script today and plan on dissecting it this weekend. Fun, right? Let's just hope it all works out. And that's it! I will be off from work Monday and I am pretty stoked about that. Sleep late for 3 days?? How will I manage? Okay, unfortunately, I HAVE to get back to work. Will be by later. I mean, I do have a computer in my room afterall. ROCK!

 I'm at home! YAY! I'm writing on my computer. Geez...I love ya guy. I miss my computer. I only get to be home like 4 days a week now that Paul is living in the city. So when I am home, it's like a celebration of kinds. Not really a party, per se. More like a reunion. Kelly got cut from work tonight and to Rita's and my surprise, came walking in the door at 7:30pm. It was pretty strange! She is NEVER home after our usual 9-5 jobs. She walked in and we loved. We absorbed. We talked for a bit and then tuned in to American Idol to laugh and laugh. It was nice. And I miss it. A lot. I decided that while writing tonight, I was going to do something different. I decided to be fucking LAME and tell a few things about myself that you might not know. LAME For example...I will tell you a secret or an embarrassing couple of things and you will laugh and go...boh? Cuz you go boh. Even if you don't think you act boh...you do. You are boh. Here we go: (boh and go) 1) I like french fries alot. A very lot. (I just wrote a whole paragraph about french fries and hated it so much that I had to burn myself and erase it immediately. Holy shit. I just wrote complete garbage and almost posted it. LAME joe. lame.) (stop with the "lame" shit!) I can't stop saying it. Next... 2) I have a problem with tangents. I can't stop ever. 3) I believe in the Lord Jesus Christ pretty hardcore and sometimes it doesn't come across nearly enough in this journal. Cuz it should. It's everything to me. I understand that people have their own opinions about my lifestyle and my quote un quote (lame)homosexuality, but my relationship with God is my business and I couldn't possibly see it otherwise. 4) I am a horribly jealous person. In highschool I was terrible. I thought I had outgrown it, but lately I think it's worse than ever. I am an evil monster. The ugliest kind. I can be scary. 5) ha. (being honest hurts) 5) I want to hook up with a bodybuilder before I die. It's just what I want to do. I want to do it alot. So much. 6) I worry about being an actor every day of my life. I obsess about it and I make myself sick over it. I want so badly to have it all fall into place, but I haven't yet found the path. It's close and I feel the tides changing. It's such a long process, yet I know what I am destined to do. I know it. Yes, people say it all the time, but I truly feel it. I am at the start of something big and I am afraid to accept it. I believe this shit. And I believe it's time. 7) I have watched every Real World from beginning to end and it truly hurts my feelings that the Las Vegas cast was ever born. Sometimes...sometimes Rita and I sit and name every character from every cast. It's just what we do. I am pretty impressed by us. If the LSAT'S involved memorizing and adoring the Real World , then Rita and I...well...we'd be PhD's. or something else with an easier abbreviation to type. 8) The Simpsons is my favorite tv show of all time. hands down. 9) I love my parents obsessively and it scares me to imagine a life without them. (I haven't talked to them in 2 weeks and it makes me ((literally)) sick to my stomach. I miss them. I worry about them. I need...NEED...to learn how to live my life separate from them. I am 25 and I want to spend every day with them. What happens when they're gone? When I don't have them here anymore. This is the fucked up shit that I think and stress about. Stop it Joe. Stop it. 10) I love to sing and sometimes think I was meant to be a singer. Then I stop and smack myself for lighting and loving that first cigarette. I wasn't meant to smoke. I know it. But here I sit smoking anything that will light. Singing is my love. I love music and I love a good voice. I love everything about it. I have aspirations of writing a song and being in a Broadway musical and cutting an album (even a lame European one)...and and and. I just love it. I wonder how my life could have been different. 11) I need to finish soon. It's 10pm and I gots shit to do. 12) This is how much of a loser I was...when I was in fifth grade, one of my friends, Todd, brought a "Penthouse" on the school bus and I went up to the bus driver and totally rat him out. As we know, even then, I must not have liked titties. I TOLD on him! He was busted and didn't ride our bus for awhile. Man. I sucked. 13) I was obsessed with "The Babysitter's Club" (trademark) for 13 straight books and two super specials and can to this day tell you how upset I was when Claudia's grandmother "Mimi" died. It's a secret I tell only the few. Cuz I mean...Joe...did you think you were a 13 year old girl !? But I did and I loved it. I find it to be useful knowledge these days. You wouldn't look at me and think "That guy just loved "The Babysitter's Club"!". But I did. And in the game of life, I will use it against you. 14) I like to be in my bed and comfortable no later than 11pm when I am home. That means no more of this little share myself shit. This was fun. Maybe I will start thinking of random themes and topics to my journal! Yeah! That's exactly the thing I'm trying to go against! snore. Sometimes it's just fun to type when you know that other people are reading it and thinking how damn crazy and sexy you are. cuz so sexy, right? I mean, I haven't shit in two days. sexy, right? oooh. it's brewin...

 Okay, so I am back. Officially. Yesterday was crazy, but today has been a bit more low key. The only downfall is that the day FLEW by yesterday when I was so busy. Today crawls like a slug on the table of life. hmmmm.... no. Today crawls like my cock. how's that for creepy? Thank God it's Wednesday. This week is almost over. Thursdays are cake. I have a 3 day weekend coming up due to the fact that I had to be at that lame ass retreat on Monday. All we did was sit around, eat BAD Chinese food, and discuss "turning points" in our lives. Since I was not in the mood to divulge anything personal or for that matter, important, I decided to tell all of the new students that I was gay. I swear I saw a few jaws hit the floor. I mean...these poor students come in to talk about their Jewish experiences and I tell them that I like to touch other guy's penises. It was pretty LAME and pretty GREAT. Whatever. In any case I get the day off on Monday, so how can I complain? Paul and I have been two peas in a pod this week. Sunday we made dinner and watched tv. Monday we made dinner and watched tv. Last night? Oh yeah, we made dinner and watched tv. I have seen more reality television than my stomach can handle. Also, I have been eating rather hoss-like again. Paul keeps asking me what diet I think I'm on and I always repsond with: "Can I have some more sour patch kids now?" This diet is going GREAT! I think I have lost....mmmmm.....NO POUNDS! Eh...whatever. I'm still hot. On Thursday, Paul and I will have avoided sex for over 2 weeks. Considering that our 3-year anniversary kinda went down the tubes, I am thinking of celebrating this mini-anniversary. In fact, I spent at least one hour last night lecturing him on this topic. He absolutely agrees that we need to start making love more often. I don't know. I sense that he doesn't want to touch me anymore. Which is fine with me considering that I don't really want to touch him. Paul and I are becoming great FRIENDS. But when are we going to be boyfriends again? It's weird. I know I am still in love with him and I KNOW that he is still in love with me...but we have hit this plateau and we need to find a way to break out of it. I am tired of being the one to initiate the hook-up. And if I don't initiate it, it doesn't happen. Basically...we've got work to do. But it's fun work! Naked fun work. Paul has gotten a job! He started yesterday (orientation) and has shifts through the week. The place is beautiful. We are going to eat there on Saturday night. He actually asked me out on a date! I thought that was adorable, even though I know he only did it cuz he is supposed to go eat there at some point. Snore. I'm getting the most expensive thing on the menu. CAVIAR TOPPED WITH LOBSTER BISQUE! Sike. I'll probably get garlic bread and hash browns. ooh. yum! After we went out to meet his lame cousin, Paul and I spent the rest of the night with me watching tv and him next to me studying for his food and beverage quiz. He called us "Study Buddies" and I about shit myself. Cept that I wasn't studying. So...fuck study buddies. Luckily, his roommates Jen and Lisa have been MIA for awhile. Jen went back to Boston for the week. Supposedly she is coming back this weekend, but Paul says he thinks more like next week. FINE WIT ME! Lisa has been doing her own thing. She tried to eat dinner with us the other night, but my shitty attitude and lack of interest in anything she was saying made her leave. I was pretty pleased with myself. GOD! Could I BE a bigger ASSHOLE? Yeah. yeah I could. I am becoming a VERY good cook. Last night I made a pasta casserole! I don't even know how to spell casserole, but I made it anyway! It was fucking tasty and Paul licked up his plate and then mine. I used 3 different types of cheese, two types of sauce, and seasonings seasonings seasonings! The entire apartment smelled fucking good! Paul sat on the couch studying while I spent an hour and a half preparing. He was very grateful and surprised as shit that I am getting as good as I am. I have decided that I like to cook. Never really thought about it in the past. But I think I have a slight knack for it. You know why? I have yet to cook anything that turns out to be nast. Once that happens, I don't think I will be tooting my lil' horn anymore. fucking toot. I get this pain in my chest now. It's not in my heart, it's closer to my left breast. Or my left pec. Depends on which gender I am trying to affiliate myself with on that given day. Today...woman. So my titty hurts. I think it's from cigarettes. Sometimes it just goes away and sometimes it stays and talks to me. Today it's talking at full volume. I want to chop it's head off. But essentially I would be chopping my tit off and that would just be hurtful. Emotionally as well as spiritually. I'm a whack job today. Last Friday night, Paul, Rita, and I ate chicken clubs and watched "Signs" together. It was my third viewing of this movie, but I still cried my eyes out like a pretty princess. I am very moved by this movie and will go so far as to say that it was one of, if not, THE best movies I saw all last year. There are scares, tears, laughs...everything a great movie should have. It's wonderful. Go out and rent it please. Think of me when they discover that there really isn't aliens and it's all a hoax. sike. but maybe not sike........................... hahahahahaboof. scuse me. I made homemade french fries to go with our chicken clubs. It was just about the tastiest thing my fat belly has had in awhile. I HOUSED them. Then I HOUSED some more. Then I HOUSED my house. Stop it Joe. Stop being such a good cook. Did I mention I go through about a gallon of olive oil no matter WHAT I make? Yes, very healthy. Pasta boiled in olive oil is gooooood! No wonder my chest hurts. On Saturday night, Rita, Paul and I went to this club called Heaven. It was overpriced and sucked completely. While we were there, this guy, Kris, comes up to Paul and they seem to know eachother from Boston. Kris hung out with us the entire time and I was in full bitch mode. First of all, Kris thinks he's hot shit. I think Kris is FULL of shit. At one point, Kris (who is like 20 years old) goes to me: "You remind me so much of ME!" I gagged on my vomit and then thought about what he said for a minute. I remind you of YOU?!?! But you are a cocky twink loser!!! Why do I remind you of YOU!?!?! As I saw him staring at himself in the mirror, adjusting his lame tie over and over (what is he? fucking Avril Lavigne???), I decided to put an end to him hanging out with us. I go: "Kris, I realize why I remind you of yourself. You are used to everyone in the club staring at you and so am I. Does it upset you that tonight they're only looking at me?" He gives me a dirrrrrrrrrty look and skanks his way over to the bar. While he was gone, Rita, Paul, and I decided to leave this so-called Heaven and go home. Paul stayed at his place and Rita and I took the subway home. TOOK THE SUBWAY HOME! I don't think I have EVER taken the subway home after a night of drinking. It took forever, but Rita and I were wasted and played the whole way. Well, most of the way...we closed our eyes and laid our heads on eachother's shoulders for at least 15 minutes. I made the stupid mistake of buying a 6 pack of Amstel Light for $11. I opened one up in the subway station and chugged it on the way home. It was trashy and it was perfect . The night went very well. Kelly was home when we got there and she and I ended up staying up all night and talking. Rita passed out in the chair and Kelly and I waxed philosophic until about 4:30am. It was a very good night and despite Kris, the cocky motherfuck, I thoroughly enjoyed myself. Okay...time for lunch! We are having a party at 3pm today for Rita and our housekeeper, Angela. There will be cake and fruit and annoying conversations to be had by all! Surely looking forward to it. But for now... for now I shove my face with lots of greaseless food. Did I say greaseless? I meant...greasegrease.

 ONE MORE THING!!!! PLEASE, for me if not for yourself, sign this petition to keep America from going to war with Iraq. There are other solutions to this conflict, other than war. If you disagree, I understand. But if you are against murder or are apathetic to this issue, please take one minute out of your day to sign this petition. urlLink No war! My family and I appreciate it.

 Have absolutely zero time to write today and I am not going home. Today there is no entry here. Instead I leave you with this visual: bloody boogers on bread. YEM! Promise to write something of worth tomorrow. SO CRAZY AT WORK! GAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

 At this moment I SHOULD be working on the 325 projects I got going, but instead I am playing on Gay.com and writing in my journal. Yes, the Rabbi's would be very happy about that. Right now I am having the most annoying experience of my life. Can the housekeeper STOP STARING AT MY COMPUTER SCREEN!? She is going to see that I am talking to my gays. And then the gig is up. She will be embarrassed and I will have to explain why it's important that I talk to people who have pictures of themself covered in pee. :-0****** me vomiting Can people just leave me alone so I can talk to hot gay man and write in my journal all day? I mean...dayim! Alright...some guy wants me to "cyber" with him. Too bad his body looks like it went through a donut factory. BOOO WAHHHH! Cuz I mean, who am I kidding? I got "raspberry glazed" strapped all the way around my waist. But online, everyone thinks they are talking to their fantasy man. Too bad I'm at work, or I might let this guy call me up and get off. My theory is, if I don't end up liking you on the phone, I hang up just as you are about to cum. MAN I'm such a bitch. It's just...snores. I love the guys that send me their picture and I end up recognizing the pic from a website I have recently been on. Or the guy whose pic is of a HUGE bodybuilder, but when they call me on the phone, this little pip-squeak voice is like: "Joe. HYEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!" Then I barf and hang up right quick! If I wanted a woman to call me and get me off...I'd ask my mother. Ok SICK! YAY Weekend! Here I cum......

 Did you know that the bullfrog is the only animal that NEVER sleeps? WEIRD! Thank you to Snapple for that tidbit of information.

 I just have to say one more thing. I just signed in to "sitemeter.com" and checked my stats. Within this account, you can see where people are coming from. Like what link they were at before they got to you. You understand what I am saying. Computer geeks. Cookies. hahahahalolorofllololcookies...geeks. I get so many randoms on my site. I get people who "google" things and end up on my site. For example...one of the things I saw tonight was that somebody googled "Justin Timberlake free Naked". (first of all...free? Cheap bitches...) They google THAT and end up on MY site?!?! WHA!?!?! Well, I guess I did put all of those words in my journal, so why WOULDN'T somebody stumble upon it. But the weird thing is this... Somebody "googled"......................."Paul Cut the shit" PAUL(!) CUT THE SHIT?!?! What happened to JOE (!) CUT THE SHIT?!?!?! Somebody is more interested in Paul than me! Haven't I told you people enough bad things about Paul already? Do you still have to remember him regardless??? haha. I think it's pretty cool Well...and weird. Why are people googling about my life. But it's fun. and also weird. I made this weird. I have a tendency to do that. ...............o.................... Goodbye now.

 Look at me writing at 12am on a Thursday night. I have such POWER when I have a computer in my room. Thank you mom. Thank you dad. You have given me a reason to sign online at midnight. Rock out. Had a very good day today. Work sucked big time. Have been so swamped and no one has given me a chance to breathe. If you see that I am working on 4 major projects, do you send me an email telling me to ask my co-workers for money for the housekeeper's shoes? No, that really happened today. "Joe, please send an email around asking the staff if they will contribute $10 to buy the housekeeper new shoes. She uses these shoes to walk around our building all day. I am a complete asshole." That's what my email said, promise! So now...on my salary, which is pretty much laughable, I have to buy the housekeeper new shoes. Why doesn't my JOB buy her new shoes? Why do I have to do it? I don't know. But it makes me die laughing. Just so you know...I'm not giving the $10. I'm giving $5, like the passive aggressive bitch I am. Aside from that the work day sucked. Afterwords, Rita and I met up with our friend Ian (formerly "Brian" in this journal) for drinks. It was quite fun and I realized how desperately I need friends. Such as Ian. As we know now, Rita is leaving in a month. Kelly works every night and soon Paul will too. I guess it's time for Joe Cut the Shit to branch out. It had to happen at some point. Ian was fun and I think all of us enjoyed being with him. Paul showed up and was a delight. He always adds a certain "randomness" to every situation, but it worked well. Rita and I came back to Queens and Ian and Paul walked to the subway together. They probably fucked while waiting for the 9 train. you know how it goes. After getting home and me housing the rest of the box of wine, Rita gave me a Tarot card reading. I have been feeling exceptionally "hot" this week and I thought that it was the right time for me to hone in on my personal shit. Rita did the reading and it was right on! I am not Wiccan and I don't summon the four corners (Menoh) when I do the Tarot. I believe in Jesus and I know I shouldn't be playing around in these "devil" games. (hee hee) (oh.)(stop with the parenthesis baby)(please stop calling me baby) I do the Tarot because it gives me a chance to look at my life. And my deck is in tune. It knows whats up. I give readings to people sometimes and it just blows up! (I'm trying to be somebody I'm not) My reading was right on and gave me a chance to analyze all of the different relationships I got working right now. Rita, Kelly, Mariah, Paul, Ari, snorely mcsnores...you know. All the importants. Want to hear the weirdest thing? I have been telling everyone lately that I should "play the numbers". Monday night I was watching the local news when the lotterly numbers came on. It was the pick 5 and I guessed three of them. Do you know how hard that is? There is like a billion and one numbers! And I picked THREE of them! and I am a gaylord right now. But the point is this: I told Rita that I wanted to play the pick 3 lottery yesterday. I said about...well...3 times. I said: "Rita! I want to play the numbers 5-9-6!" Tonight Rita tells me that the numbers were: "5-6-shumma shum". (whatever it wasnt a 9 so why should I care...) If I had played.... If I had tuned in my abilities... If I had trusted in myself... I would have won money! You get some cash for guessing two out of three. Sure it may be 50 bucks and a handful of Twizzlers..but it's...CANDY! And we LOVE CANDY! I gotta sit with myself and figure out how to come up with my numbers. I have never bought a "Quickpick" lottery ticket before. I picture me saying: "Can I pick some numbers?" and them saying: "Wha?" Me: "I want to pick some numbers for the pick 3." Weird Indian man: "Whaaa?" Me: "I feel hot. Can I pick some numbers?" WIM: "Oh. What numbers would you whaaaa?" Me: "Hot. Me. Numbers." WIM: "Oh. 4-3-7. Me: "No no no. You speak English? Phew. Can I play the pick 3 please? I would like to pick some..." WIM: "Whaaaa?" Me: "I hate you." WIM: "Fuck you man!" Me: "I could have won money, but you ruined it. You ruined my "hotness". My psychic "hotness". WIM: Lame. WIM: "And also get the fuck out." ---end scene--- So you see... I am destined to not win the lottery. People make me crazy and eventually I will be agoraphobic. But my computer is not as cool as Sigourney's was. And Harry Connick Jr. has better things to do than stalk me.... So... Cured. I buy a lottery ticket tomorrow. Wow. I'm done writing now. Do any of you think I'm crazy? I went completely free verse tonight and now I feel like Joe Cut the Shit has maybe cut too much shit? Or maybe I am trying to give Christian Finnigan a run for his money.... Or maybe it would be absurd for me to think I could be Christian. Cuz I mean...he's FUNNY! Or maybe I never thought about it until this minute. Snores. I don't even have comments on my page. Who am I kidding? Sweet dreams... we hope

 Okay...just had to stop in here and say one quick thing... I was just checking my email and saw that another girl I went to highschool with, Shauna, wrote me an email through Classmates.com and made contact with me. WHAT? What is going on with me these days? This is so strange and so good for me. I completely shut out my past and now I am being forced into facing it and accepting it. It's a lesson I never expected to learn and a challenge I never thought I was strong enough to face. But here it is and I feel ready for it. You are gay Joe. It's cool and you have accepted it. You are comfortable with it. Everyone else will be too. And ultimately it doesn't matter. D, I know will be cool about all of this. She was always a very intriguing and special person. I respected her and looked up to her and in some ways, was very intimidated by her. She was so smart and cool and I was so heavy and spikey haired. (well...I'm still heavy and spikey haired)(Sike)(sorta sike) I wanted to be like her. Cept a boy and yeah that's it. I still wanted to like boys like her, so no need to change that. I know she'll be nothing short of amazing. But Shauna? I didn't know Shauna very well. She was better friends with two people from my group. She was always very nice and really...well...never made an impression on me either way. Actually! She never called me "fag", so I guess I do hold some place for her in my heart. People like that were few and far between. So what's up?!!? I guess I do talk to her and see what's going on with her. I am curious. And it's also good for me. I am 25. TIme to start healing the past and focusing on the future. Has this been what the last 3 years have been about? Purely discovery? Possibly. Or possibly I'm just crazy and lazy and smoking up my hazy. If I EVER write anything like that again...I expect anyone reading to send me an email belittling me. No one deserves to read shit like that. That's it. Welcome to Joe Cut the Shit. I feel all brand new and shit. shit shit and shit

 i hate you blogger for this.

 What a day! First off, can the constipation that is plaguing my poor body PLEASE come loose now? I feel like my stomach is completely distended. Is that the right word? If not, just picture my stomach being gigantic and you get the point. D has written me back and we are in the midst of making plans for drinks or lunch next week. How exciting! What will she look like? How has she changed? What if we fall in love and I have to tell Paul that I'm not gay afterall!?!?! Oh man am I nervous! haha I finished reading the most charming children's book during my lunch break. Rita gave me this adorable book on Sunday and told me to read it. It's called urlLink Because of Winn Dixie and I just loved it. It took me about 3 minutes to read and I wanted it to continue on so that I knew what happened to little India Opal and her dog "Winn Dixie". It's nice to read a book for children sometimes. It reminds you how innocent and beautiful things were back in the day. Back when things didn't matter as much as they do now. I was sure that the dog died at the end. Rita even assured me that that didn't happen. But how could a book be so nice and polite and NOT have the dog get run over by a mack truck in the end? No books are like this anymore. Sure enough, the dog did not die and I was RELIEVED. I love you Winn Dixie ! You are the best dog ever! Going home to my own house tonight. That's nice for a change. Going to have a drink with Rita and then work on Paul's resume/cover letter. Then I have to get to work on some stuff for me! I've got to become an actor at some point, right? Eh, maybe I will work on it tomorrow. I'm sure there will be actors needed tomorrow. Yeah that's it. Yeah. So Lisa, Paul's roommate, just e-mailed me the nicest message. Maybe she's not as evil as I thought? Nah...she's evil, but I will break her. I sent her a bunch of links this morning that will hopefully net her a job in this city. We'll see... She even invited me over tonight for veal parm. I had to tell her that I hate her and can't come over. I think she'll understand. It would be SO typical of me to become friends with Jen and Lisa after hating them so much. I just don't like anyone until I have known them for awhile. You know how it goes. And if you don't know how it goes...please learn. Okay...I might have a turtle poking it's head out of my ass....god willing! I gotta go...

 I have had QUITE the interesting morning so far. It started as most Wednesdays start...boring, unfulfilling, and pessimistic. BUT THEN! I sit down at my desk and check my variety of email accounts. Today, I received an email from a friend of mine from highschool. Her name is "D". You see, about a month ago, I wrote an entry about D in this journal and I used her first and last name. I don't know why I do that, but I do. (I gotta remember in the future to be much more careful of this type of behavior)(I mean, what if I wrote about someone I DIDN'T want to meet up with again) In the entry about D, I had written about a very strange dream I had in which she was driving me around in her car. She crashed the car in the dream, over and over. If I recall correctly, she made me late for work at the Gap. (ha!) So...D writes me today and says that she "googled" her name and my site popped up. Um! She also told me something that shook me pretty deep. She said that I had that dream about her on her birthday! WHAAAA?!?! If there was any question about my psychic abilities before... I just got to learn how to hone these talents so that I can manipulate the world into doing what I say and giving me what I want. heh heh heh (maniacal laughter) SO, D! I have lost touch with just about everyone from highschool and to be honest, that is absolutely fine with me. I am a much different person now than I used to be and I don't have the energy or the desire to go back and get to know these people from my past. I like my inner circle now and see no reason to change it. However, there are those few individuals that I have always wondered about and would love to get to know again. D is one of them. I also found out that D goes to Columbia for Graduate School. Ironically enough, I work at Columbia! If she had never googled her name and written me an email, I would have still thought she lived somewhere exotic, like the Bay of Pigs, or something. Cept that she was always very thin, so I don't know if she would fit in with the other pigs. And also, wasn't the Bay of Pigs a war or something? Probably a war over gluttony. WOW! I am thrilled. Things like this don't happen to me very often. I am known for running into people I don't want to see. How refreshing to run into someone I DO want to see. It's been a good start to the day. I am muchly happy. And promise never to use the word "muchly" again. In other news...I am supposed to go to this super lame work "retreat" on Monday. Both Rita and Ari get the day off from work and I will be sitting bored out of my mind at this damn retreat. Usually the retreat is at my boss's house in the Bronx, but this year they moved to my office! And I don't have to be here until 10am! I'm sorry. But is today my birthday? Also! (man, I am just FULL of good things happening to me today) I was checking out my site meter and noticed a random blog that was linked to me. Don't you just love when that happens? She is "Bitchen!" and my theory is...if you link to me, I will link to you. That seems like a nice thing to do. Plus...my sitemeter has reported that "Joe Cut the Shit" is booming! Please keep on reading folks. It makes me feel good deep inside. Way down deep in my vas deferens. Vans deferens? I don't know...let's just say it makes me feel good in my nuts. So far so good. The only thing that could top all of this would be if Stephen Spielberg called my office and asked me to play the next T-rex in the new Jurassic Park movie. Yay! and also GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR! Had a great time with Paul last night. Ate 2 HUGE sloppy joes and then continued to swallow anything that sat still. His roommate, Jen, was consumed almost immediately, due to her lack of creative conversation and social skills. Figured I would just eat her and be done with it. Am trying so hard not to get up and get a bagel. Must eat fruit or salad or yogurt. All of which I hate. Well, I do love salad, but it has to be covered in blue cheese and toffee. Cept substitute bacon bits for toffee. You know how it goes... Guess I should start doing some work. I have so much to do and I have been sitting here FREAKING out for the last hour and a half. It does feel good to be freaking out over something good for once, instead of my usual overly dramatic ranting and raving as to why Paul is such a jerk and my life is slowly, but surely, spiraling down the toilet. Gotta keep this momentum going...

 WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! I have been so completely swamped at work this week. It's like I will never catch up. Work just keeps piling on and no matter how big a breath I take, it is impossible for me to keep my head above water. Really, I shouldn't complain...the days go by MUCH faster when I am not trying to fill it up with ways to play on the internet. That shit bores me to death eventually. I mean, how many times can I try to get Michael Jackson to throw his baby in the basket and not on the pavement? Paul is SO back in my good graces. Just as I had given up on him, he goes and does something wonderful. Turns out that last night was to be my anniversary evening. When I got to Paul's house he was, of course, lying in bed naked, taking a nap. He must have been farting since the moment he laid down, cuz that room done stink! Once I sprayed him and the blankets with Febreeze, he got up and we watched the Simpsons together. (Fox has given us a full hour now, instead of the usual half hour! - 6:30-7:30pm)(rock) After the episodes were over, we both got dressed and went to the grocery store. We split the cost of the groceries, which kinda sucked, cuz we didn't split the cost of HIS anniversary dinner, but whatever... We bought the ingredients for taco salad and we got eachother little surprises. He got potato chips, I got ice cream. Then we rushed home and he made me the biggest feast imaginable. I laid in bed while he served me an appetizer of Tater Tots (actually called Tasty Morsels)(they were the generic brand) and fruit punch. After this he brought me my taco salad and I SHOVED it in my face. It was so good, I almost jizzed on it before I ate it. But that would have ruined it, so I decided against it. After dinner, HE did all the clean-up with no fuss and I got to watch both Fear Factor and Joe Millionaire from the comfort of his warm bed. It was wonderful. At no point did I even see the evil Jen and Lisa. They were in the apartment the entire time, but never made it down to Paul's room. At one point I had a massive diarrhea attack and Paul was the lookout while I ran to the bathroom. I escaped them for the whole night and it was great! Paul was damn adorable all night long. He made me laugh over and over and it was exactly what I needed. I said "thank you" to him a million times and I finally gave him what he wanted: I told him that he was off the hook for the botched anniversary. We both went to bed happy. Over the last two nights, I have had some horrifying dreams. On Sunday night, I dreamed that I was diagnosed with a terminal illness called "Sephora". Yes, I KNOW it's some sort of make-up store, but in my dream, it was a rash that started at my shoulders and covered my entire body. It seemed to be the cousin of leprosy. My family and friends put me into a cage and I got to watch them live their lives from behind bars. When it was time for me to die, everyone crowded around the cage and said "Goodbye" to me. I felt so scared and alone. And then I woke up. Last night, I dreamed that my old dog, "Garfield", was attacked by bees and laid dying on my living room floor. Only it was my grandmother's living room floor. You know how that goes... When I was younger, I saw one of my dog's get stung to death, so this dream is probably a throw back to that memory. As Garfield laid there dying, my mom and I pet him over and over and cried about how much we loved him. Eventually he stopped breathing and my mom and I just hugged eachother until the emotional pain went away. I woke up as the alarm went off and immediately jumped out of bed. I sat, smoking a cigarette, thinking about how much I miss my mom, my old dog, and my dead grandmother. Kind of a rough start to the day. The one upbeat thing that happened yesterday was that Mariah gave me a beautiful letter. (She and I used to write letters to eachother all the time when she was still living in Boston and me in NYC.) When I got to Paul's yesterday, I was still feeling low after what happened on Sunday night. Mariah explained how much she loved me and how she totally sees where I am coming from. She was very blunt about calling out some of my insecurities and in turn healed them all. She smoothed it over for me. Now I owe her a letter back explaining how lucky I am to have her in my life. I finally feel as though I am not a complete lunatic. Even though I have been reassured by everyone that my yelling fits are natural (considering the amount of pressure I put on myself), it took her writing me that letter to make me feel okay about it. Thank you Mariah. Thank you thank you. She always gets me and that's why I love her so dearly. There are few people that are as special as she is to me. We have been friends for over 2 and a half years and I can't wait to see what the future holds for us. Hopefully nothing but the best. Tonight I am helping Paul with his resume and cover letter. We will probably get some grub and watch a movie. Since he doesn't have cable, we are very limited as to what we can watch. There is only so much Fox news that a boy can take. I promise to write a much better entry tomorrow. I have been so crazy at work that I only have a couple minutes to stop in here and write about the quickie things. Tomorrow will be filled with crazy tales of my past, longings for the future, and sexy secrets only I could tell! Giggle snort goodbye!

 Today has been so blah. I woke up feeling pretty gross, which a night of drinking will do to you. No real hangover, just kind of "out of body". Once 9:30am hit, I started to get quite a bad headache, borderline migraine. I took some Aleve and layed down for an hour and now it is slowly dissipating. I am proud of myself for staying at work and sticking through it. For awhile there, I thought that I was going to have to up and leave. Computer screens are not condusive to curing bad headaches. But I am so relieved that it is going away. I become completely incompacitated when my head throbs. This weekend was pretty wonderful, for the most part. Friday, Rita and I went home and had some drinks while discovering our new Playstation 2. Thank you Angie! We had a very good time. I had talked to Paul during the work day on Friday and I was pretty furious with him when I left to go home. I called him later that afternoon and he was sounding damn miserable. So I sucked up my anger and told him to come over to my house; that I would make it better for him. By 11pm that night, he was doing much better. On Saturday, we stayed in bed for the ENTIRE day and I had the time of my life. We laughed and talked and watched tons of tv together. The day was wonderful. I have a tendency to stay in bed, alot...but having Paul there to spend the day with me made it even better! At one point he pulls me close to him and says: "I feel so lucky to be the one person who is this close to you". It was one of the nicest things he has ever said and I haven't stopped thinking about it since the words fell out of his mouth. He never did plan anything for me for our anniversary and at this point I think it's best that I just give up. I have had numerous talks with both Rita and Kelly about this situation and I do feel better about it. Once Paul gets a job, I am hoping he will come around. Until then, there isn't much I can do about the way he has been treating me. I am the one person he can take shit out on and I accept that responsibility. He takes my shit daily. The kid just needs a job. Yesterday, I came up with, what I thought was, a good idea. "Why don't we have everyone get together for mid-afternoon drinks!?!?!" We all met at a bar called "G" and played "$25,000 Pyramid" while chugging down Vodka tonics. The night ended on a very sour note. VERY sour note. I am not going to get into it on here, but just understand that it was bad. I don't think we will be having a big get together with all of my different friends again for awhile. It just doesn't work out. When Paul and I got home, he was trashed! Thank God he came with me when he did. I spent the night cleaning up his vomit and wondering how I let this happen again. He's got a major drinking problem. ugh. I ate rice and went to bed around 11:30pm. I know this entry is complete snores, but I still have my headache looming at the back of my head and it is making it impossible for me to be any sort of a writer. Tonight I am going over to Paul's place and he is taking care of me. He knows how I am when I get headaches this bad and he told me that he will nurse me back to health. That was pretty nice of him. We are having taco salads for dinner and I will probably settle in for some Fear Factor and Joe Millionaire . Quite an eventful evening, eh? But it's exactly what I need. A little rest and relaxation. And no drama. And no Jen or Lisa. That would be my perfect night. Goodnight sweet prince.

 Happy Anniversary to no one. Yesterday morning, I said to Paul: "Please be at my place by 8:30pm." When he asked "why?", I said: "Just be there." When I got home yesterday, I immediately went to the grocery store and bought the materials for a very nice dinner. We were to start with shrimp cocktail. After this, we would move to a very special blend of cheese and mashed potatoes, Italian chicken and Italian bread. For dessert, strawberry cheesecake. I also rented the movie BeetleJuice cuz he had been wanting to see it again. I turned my room into a little restaurant. I set up a little table with a table cloth, nice napkins, candles, a flower, etc. I even took a picture of us and hung it right by the mini-table. I put his gift at his place setting and did what I could to prepare the dinner. At 8:25pm, the phone rings and it's Paul. "I'm leaving now, so I will be there in about 40 minutes." Disheartened, I say "Ok" and wait patiently for him. At 10PM (!) the door bell rings and it's Paul. He walks in holding a Duane Reade bag and I think: "He didn't just go shopping for me now. He didn't." We go into my bedroom and I am nothing but sweet to him. I feel horrible inside that my boyfriend has gotten there so late and that so far he has done nothing to make this day special for me. He never even called me at work yesterday. Without even being prompted, he says: "I needed a nap." "But Paul", I say, "I asked you to be here at 8:30pm." "I told you I needed a nap", he says. The tear in my heart increases as I start serving the king his fucking dinner. (can you tell I am a bit angry and hurt today?) He shoves his face with food and I serve him course after course. The food turned out wonderfully and I was quite impressed at what I put together. The mashed potatoes turned suck, but I saved them with a little TLC and Paul did say that they were the "best mashed he'd ever had." Once I cleaned up the entire mess, Paul said: "Time for presents". I opened mine first. The card he wrote had five lines in it and was filled with typos and messy handwriting. "I love you Joe. You are everything to me. Happy Anniversary." FUCKING SNORE. "Did you write this on the subway ride over here?", I think. I open my gifts and was UNPLEASANTLY surprised to find that he got me two dvd's. "Requiem for a Dream" which is one of my favorite movies and "GIA", which I didn't like that much before and now after receiving it as my anniversary gift, I hate. I also got a box of popcorn. Gee, thanks. I could hardly contain my excitement. Mind you, this is my Christmas gift as well. Two special events combined. I take a deep breath and say "thank you" over and over. I am not one for being ungrateful, even when I feel like he has just given me my own broken heart in a gift bag. I give him his gift. He opens the envelope to his letter and says: "What is this? A book?" My gaze turns into a glare and I say: "Please just read it." He does read it and seemingly loves it. He says that I "write well" and that it contained "all the things he needed to hear." I remind him about the gift, cuz he seems to have forgotten. He opens up the watch and his jaw hits the floor. Yes that's right Paul...I spent time, thought, and money on your gift. He is dumbfounded. He immediately tries it on and explains to me that he has never had a wristwatch. I respond with: "I know. That's why I got it for you." He plays with it for awhile and definitely loves it. I sense that maybe he feels bad about getting me crap. But I don't know. He puts the watch back in the box and asks me to turn on the movie. I do as he says and realize to myself that this is supposed to be my anniversary too. Not just his. Why am I cooking the dinner? Why am I giving gifts based on love when his are based on convenience? Why is he acting as though I OWE this all to him? We start the movie and I begin to get really upset. My throat swells as I hold back the tears. I tell him, very nicely , that I don't like the movie "Gia" and want to exchange it for "Magnolia". He responds by throwing the movie across the room and saying: "Fine". I just sit quietly. About half-way through the movie, I serve him his cheesecake and he says: "thank you". I mention to him that "I feel as though you didn't put much thought into this holiday". "Well Joe, this is your thing. This is what you like to do." WHAT?! what? oh. I say: "Paul, honestly...I have bent over backwards for you and have done everything in my power to make NYC a home for you. I am supportive about finding you a job and wiping your tears when you are depressed. You knew this day was important to me and you have done nothing for it. In fact, you have done everything in your power to make it worse for me." "You know what Joe? I pay for everything when we go out (which is SIMPLY NOT TRUE!!!!!!!!!) and I am giving to you all year long." oh my god. OH MY GOD! The anger and hurt and frustration is building inside of me and I know I am going to blow. I turn back to the television and we finish watching the movie. I didn't even laugh when Beetlejuice got his head shrunk and that is my favorite part. Instead, I had to keep biting my tongue so that I wouldn't cry. I didn't want to give him the satisfaction of seeing me upset. He doesn't deserve even that. As we turned the movie off, I said: "You know...you could plan something for Saturday that would be just for us. I would feel much better then." He says: "Ok". We watch a few minutes of mindless tv and as we turn the light off, I say again: "You know, I would really like it if you planned something on Saturday." He responds with: "Yeah". He barely kisses me goodnight. This morning I get up and get ready for work as he lies there in bed. When I get back from the shower, Paul informs me that his friend, Stephen, might be visiting town tonight and he would like for us to go out with him. I say: "Maybe", but inside I am thinking "fuck no". Then he says: "Jen and Lisa want to go out tomorrow night (saturday) and I want to take them somewhere cool. Where do you think we should go?" I look at him and my jaw hits the floor. "Are you kidding?", I calmly ask. He just looks at me blankly. I say: "Ok. I gotta go. Call me later if you want." I kiss him and leave. And that's that! That is my 3-year anniversary with my boyfriend. I don't have much more to say on the topic. I think you can understand how I feel. It was a horrible evening. It would have been better if he didn't show up at all. At least then I could be angry at something concrete. Instead, I sit here and feel like he doesn't love me at all. Like he is done with me. Like he doesn't know me at all and frankly doesn't care. What am I going to do? I can't call him today and scream at him. I am so tired of fighting over this kind of shit. I shouldn't have to yell at my boyfriend over something like this. I shouldn't have to beg him to spend a little time picking out a gift or writing me a nice card. Maybe he loves me, but doesn't like me very much. Maybe...maybe it's not fair that I sit here driving myself crazy about all of this, when I know that he is sitting there thinking soley about his life and what he's going to do with Jen and Lisa this weekend. I am going for drinks with Rita right after work. Yes, I am using booze as an escape. I just want to laugh a little today. Yesterday, I didn't. Paul can call all he wants. I think I am going to be "away from the phone" all weekend. I hurt right now. And the worst part... is that he doesn't care.

 My mom just called me to check in. For our anniversary, my dad called and left the most beautiful message on my answering machine. I stood there, soaking wet, as I had just gotten out of the shower, and listened to him tell both Paul and I how happy he is for us and that he hopes we have a special day together. WOW. I love this man with so much of my heart. I hope he realizes how much it means to me that he called and left this message. My parents are nothing short of wonderful to me. When I got to work, there was an "E-card" waiting in my inbox. I opened it up and there was this message: "HAPPY 3RD ANNIVERSARY...WE WISH YOU BOTH MUCH LOVE AND HAPPINESS..ENJOY THE JOURNEY...WHEN YOU DO IT TOGETHER IT IS ALWAYS BETTER...WE LOVE YOU" WOW! I remember when I was much younger, thinking that I could never tell my parents that I was even "questioning" my sexuality, and look at this! They love me so deeply and it shows in everything they do. They don't have to accept my homosexuality, but they accept me and want me to be happy regardless of who I am with or what I am doing with my life. Is it wrong that I consider my parents to be two of my closest friends? They will always be mom and dad, but I love hanging out with them so much that they might as well be my buddies. Thank you mom and dad. I don't think I could ever come up with the words to express how much your messages meant to me today. I am so touched.

 Happy 3rd Anniversary to Paul and myself! I came into work late as I was up until 2am running around our house like a drunk chicken with it's head still on. You know how that one goes. It was quite an enjoyable evening. Hells...it was fucking fun! Ari, Mariah, Kelly, Paul, Ari's brother, Ethan, and I were all together to celebrate Miss Rita's turning 26 years old. We had many vodka tonics and some shots and well, how could the night go wrong with all of this booze going down our throats? It was great and I am sure that Rita had a very special and wonderful birthday. She is so grateful for everything she gets. Her attitude about everything made me want to form a lasso and grab the moon for her. She loved everything. And it warmed my heart to see her so relaxed and happy. When we got home from the bar, we gave Rita her birthday cake and opened her presents. Her sister, Jeannie, sent the most wonderful package and we all sat around like giggling girls while she opened up and played with each little gift. Her sister loves her dearly and I was so happy to see Rita be able to celebrate, in some way, with her family. While we were in the cab on the way home, Rita was eating a box of Animal Crackers that Mariah brought for her. All she kept saying was: "I want the elephant one. Please find me an elephant cracker." There were none. When we got home, Rita had received a package from her boyfriend, Andy, and when she opened it...what did she find? She found a big stuffed elephant! How did he know? How did he POSSIBLY know that she wanted an elephant??? And it was better than an animal cracker. By far. It was beautiful and once again, she was so grateful. BTW...Rita ate most of the animal crackers despite the lack of elephant shape. hee. Around 1:30am, Paul and I went into my room to eat a slice of pizza and go to bed. Once finished with our food, we sat and discussed, very briefly, our anniversary plans. Here is how the conversation went: Me: "So tomorrow's the big day. What are we going to do to celebrate?" Paul: "I don't know." Me: "ooook. Um, how about dinner and a movie?" Paul: "Well, actually, I told Jen and Lisa (GRRRRRR!) that I was going to make taco salads for dinner at home." Me: "Huh?" Paul: "I told Jen and Lisa that I was going to make them taco salads for dinner." Me: "What the FUCK are you talking about? You're joking, right?" Paul: "No. That's what I told them before I met you at the bar tonight." Me: "Paul, you have to be kidding me! Tomorrow is our 3-year anniversary and you are planning on spending it with Jen and Lisa and taco salads?!?!?!?!" Paul: "I don't know." Me: "This is fucking crazy! Why are you doing this?? You knew how important that this day was to us. At least, how important it was to me. How could you even entertain that thought with those bitches? I can't believe this." Paul: "Oh Joe. It doesn't matter. I can always come over afterwords." Me: "Fine. FUCK YOU! Why am I with you? Why???? When you know something means something to me, you do everything in your power to destroy it! I am tired of this shit. If you have taco salads with Jen and Lisa tomorrow night, you can stay there and spend the rest of the evening with them. And don't even THINK about calling me or coming over. EVER again." Paul: "Oh stop. It's not a big deal." Me: "Of course it isn't a big deal to you. But it is to me and as my boyfriend and on our anniversary, you should have thought about my feelings and not just yours alone. I'm not talking about this anymore. I am going to sleep and you sit there and think about why I am so upset over this." Paul: "Just hug me." Me: "Fuck no. Goodnight." And that was it. I fell asleep so upset and hurt by him. I also vowed to be angry at him in the morning, even if I felt differently. This is fucking bullshit! I woke up and he was already awake. He looks in my eyes and he says: "Happy Anniversary". I go: "Happy Anniversary to you, Jen and Lisa." I sat up in bed and put my head in my hands and felt the tears rising in my throat. He rubbed my back for a couple of minutes while I just sat there. Eventually I got up and got into the shower. After I returned to the bedroom, I had calmed down a bit and decided to give him one more shot at making this situation better. When I opened the door to my room, Paul was sitting there, obviously thinking about our conversation from the night before. "Are you still having taco salads tonight?", I said. "No. I want to be with you. I'm sorry. I will meet up with you after you get out of work." As I was in the shower, I decided how I wanted the night to go. Since Paul had already made plans with other people, I figured that I would, as usual, take the responsibility of planning the entire night myself. As if it was my anniversary alone. I decided that I wanted to make him a romantic dinner and turn my bedroom into some kind of restaurant, with candles, nice music, a picnic blanket, etc. I told Paul to come by my place at 8:30pm. I will have appetizers, a meal, and dessert already prepared. I am also going to do my best to rent a movie that he will want to see. I'm thinking "Beetlejuice", cuz he had mentioned the other night that he wanted to see it again. I wrote him a two page letter today and I am giving him his Kenneth Cole watch tonight. I am also giving him something else, but I haven't decided yet as to what it will be. I hope I, at least, get a card. :( When I spoke with Rita earlier this morning about the incident with Paul, all I had to say was: "Paul told Jen and Lisa that he is making taco salads with them tonight, instead of hanging out with me." I barely got out the "me" before she exclaimed: "WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU JUST SAY!!?!?!?!?!?!" I repeated myself and she was like "WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?!?!" I love her for her immediate support. I am sure it will all work out fine. I just don't understand why he does this stuff? I still feel very hurt by the whole thing and whether he meant it or not, it wasn't funny on any level. Damn him. This lady that I work with, Doris, has the fucking worst BO I have ever smelled in my life. She just came by to grab something from my desk and my eyes rolled up into the back of my head. She was like: "Are you ok Joe?" and in between gagging I'm like: "Please, for the sake of my health, step away and go back to your office." Today when I walked into work, I told the front desk attendant, Pedro, that today was mine and Paul's 3-year anniversary. He asked if we were doing something special and I said "Probably dinner and a movie". He responded with: "and then a little kissing" and I said: "Yeah, that's when the gross stuff begins". He looked at me and very seriously says: "Joe, you need to stop with that shit. What you have is normal and you should represent it that way when you are talking to other people." You know what Pedro? You are absolutely right. I will work on that. I hope this day turns out better than it has started. I am in a decent mood. Just can't seem to shake what Paul said to me last night. I am positive that it will be fine. By why did he have to say that shit? Why? I gotta go figure out what else I am getting him, but something is telling me that I should stop while I am ahead. I don't know. Will give a full update on the evening tomorrow. I pray it goes well.

 Please check out Justin on the new urlLink Rolling Stone . (heavy breathing......pant pant pant pant)

 HAPPY 26th BIRTHDAY MISS RITA LOVELY!! YAYAYAYAYAYAYAY! I hope today brings you nothing but pure joy! You are my best friend and my confidant. Thank you for all of the time you give me and for the endless (and I mean ENDLESS) talks we have. You make me feel so good about myself and I thank you for that. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU MY LOVE. Tonight we will be taking Miss Rita to happy hour at Jake's Dilemma. Everyone will be in attendance. Mariah, Kelly, Paul, Ari, myself...all of the people we know and love. It will be quite the time. I hope. I always stress about shit for no reason. I ended up writing a ton yesterday, so if you have missed it, scrolled down and you will see the entry from late last night. Have been so swamped at work today so don't have much time to write, but will try to check in after my birthday lunch with Reets. PEACE!

 This is a momentus (momentous?) occassion. I am sitting in my bedroom and typing an entry. Wha??? I don't sit in my room and type an entry. I sit in the kitchen and I type. I sit at work and I type. Sometimes I sit at random computers and I type. But sitting in my room, my private, wonderful room, and typing, is something else. Clearly...I'm in love. As I type, I am listening to the Miss Saigon soundtrack. I had ordered the cd from BMG a couple of months ago, but they sent me the "highlights" and I was very upset. So for Christmas I asked for the full blown soundtrack. Every song. Every word. You see, I lost my version. Someone else has it. Probably someone I don't talk to anymore. I hate that person. I hate them hard. But you see, now I have my old love back. I'm not THAT gay. It's just that there are certain things a man needs and the Miss Saigon soundtrack is something a man needs. ha. I am happy right now. Paul decided to have dinner with his roommates. The cursed Jen and Lisa. At first I was pissed that he was "choosing them over me", cuz I am a psycho. Even when I hinted that I wanted him to come over instead of having dinner with them, I thought to myself: "I hate them (that's the first thing I ALWAYS think when their names come up) and I would love to have a night away from Paul, so go go go!". So, I'm crazy...I don't know what I want. Anyway, I got distracted, cuz I was jamming out to a Broadway musical. It happens. Now and again. and always. Right now I am about to make preparations for Rita's bday. I have some things I need to do. But since she is such an avid reader of this ever popular journal (hahahahahah....boooooooowaaaaaaahh...oh damn.....OH DAMN.....oh yeah thats good) I can't give away the details. So I have decided that I am king. I decided that rather than just have a good time with whoever I am with, I will just control every situation, so that I never end up with those "uncomfortable people" hanging out in my group. Essentially I crown myself as king. I am sure that my friends will completely appreciate this. You see, we are all looking for a leader. Someone to make all of those decisions you don't want to make. For example... You are sitting around with a group of people (some of which are better friends of yours, than others.) and you all have to decide where to go to dinner. You get nervous, cuz you want to voice your opinion, but you don't know if you have what it takes to say: "Look...we should go here." What if they think it's a stupid idea? And you don't know these people, so it might be best to make a good impression and do whatever they want. NEVER! Invite Joe Cut the Shit to all of your parties and I will make your decisions for you. I have accepted the fact that I am going to obsessively worry about everyone in my life no matter what, so it might be best to just go with it and control it all. I think it's VERY healthy. Instead of wondering who is going to call everyone and make sure they show up at the right time to your PRECIOUS (golum) event, I will call them all and make SURE they show up on time. What I am getting at is simple. I am tired of sitting back and worrying about all of my different friends meeting eachother and getting along. No one has asked me to do it and no one expects me to do it. I have done this. I can't change overnight. But I can be more vocal and honest with what I feel. Instead of expecting people to automatically know what I think, I need to explain it to them and give them a chance to understand me. If I feel uncomfortable with Paul's roommates, I need to explain to him why , instead of hoping he will ask me about it after hearing me say things like "Oh Lisa? Yeah. Her words are my sleeping pills. Basically she is suck." Joe...stop it. LOL. and stop it. okay enough. That's just the lesson I learned today. So here are a quick OTHERS that are going on in my life right now: 1) I am looking to purchase a BOWFLEX or TOTAL GYM or something else endorsed by such popular actors as Chuck Norris. I'm talking Texas Walker Ranger folks. I want it. Or one of them. I want to be able to work out in private and not at a gym. Paul laughed in my face when I told him the idea. That just makes me want to do it more. But I am on a limited budget, so I need to figure out a way to find a good, compactable machine, that is affordable. Even if I have to pay for 12 months...that's fine. Just affordable. Hey, it's cheaper than a gym! And so much sexier when I stare at myself in the mirror. All sweaty and raw. sickest. 2) I feel good. I am ready to tackle some things in my life. AND most importantly, I feel that I am doing it at my own pace. I am ready. You watch. A year ago right now (read my archives) I didn't feel the way I do now. I am ready folks. 3) Kelly and I might end up living with this girl Stephanie. Okay...news is out folks....Rita is leaving NYC on March 1st. She is going back to Syracuse to claim her love. She has answered the question we all want to answer: "Am I willing to spend the rest of my life by his side?" Well...it took her 6 years, but she has realized her passion. She will be an amazing wife and mother. But let's not completely let her off the hook...cuz the thing is...my dream for Rita has always been HUGE. I want her to get published. I want her to act in a play. I want her to sing a solo in a choir. Rita's got the talents and when it comes to my view of her life, I dream big. Joe big. But I finally get it. I see that she has to go for her. It's pretty difficult to accept, but I get it. I do. enough. so anyway (BTW... Cry Me a River is now playing. I love this man. Have you SEEN the new "Rolling Stone"? whats up!?!?!?!?! So Kelly and I are, of COURSE going to move in together. We were planning on two, but now we are thinking 3. Kelly has this friend Stephanie that has been with her for at least a year. When around, Stephanie is nothing short of a darling. I am BIG on first impressions and this girl has it. Every visit with her is nothing short of a joy. So Kelly poses the idea of Stephanie to me today and I think...why not. Of course I was looking forward to living with just one other person and cutting out the college-ish life entirely... but I also think...interesting. This could be a good experience. For all of us. So that's that. More to come... 4) I am bored now so goodbye. Wow. I just typed all of this in my bedroom. I am so lucky and never for a second do I think that I have it worse than 80% of the rest of the world. ha. I better stop while I am ahead.

 YOWZAHS I gotta piss right now. Whenever I drink Vitamin Water, it literally runs right through me. Good story Joe. Very intriguing. Sometimes I just don't know how to jump right into my entry for the day. So I start by saying something like: "Whoa! The slice of pizza I had was so greasy" or "ROCK! I have two arms and two legs". I don't know..either way...it's LAME! Last night was quite an interesting evening. I got out of work at my usual 5 o'clock time and scooted on down to Paul's place. We had plans to get movies and groceries. When I showed up Kelly was at his apartment getting ready to go see "The Hours" with Paul's roommates, Jen and Lisa. Unfortunately, when Paul opened the door to reveal Jen and Lisa, I immediately cringed and wanted to leave. The problem with Jen and Lisa is that there is no problem. They are very pleasant people and have never ever come close to doing anything hurtful or mean to me. Yet, I can't stop saying horrible shit about them and on every level, I REFUSE to accept them. To be honest, they aren't my FAVORITE type of personalities to hang out with, but I am mature enough to realize that people are different and variety is what makes the world go round. However, I am NOT mature enough to allow them into my inner circle. I am very picky about who is allowed "in". In many ways, I feel as though I have hand-selected the people that reside in my little group. Kelly, Mariah, Rita, Ari, Paul---as of right now, these are my special people. Of course I have other friends and of course I get along with most everyone, but I am VERY picky when it comes to hanging out with acquaintance-esque people all the time. I'm a bitch who hates spending my free time with people I don't completely LOVE. It makes sense. Kelly, on the other hand, is a very accepting person and we all appreciate her for that. She has seemingly clicked with both Jen and Lisa and I am happy for her. Since Jen is a lesbian, Kelly has a new gay friend to go bar hopping with. Kelly could make peace with a piece of dook if she wanted to. She's that open-minded. Now, put me in the middle of all of this and you can see where the problems develop. I am in no way soft spoken or demure. I am very opinionated and I want what I want when I want it. For example, if everyone is sitting around trying to make a decision as to where to go drinking that evening, I will walk into the conversation and within minutes say: "Why are you arguing? We are obviously going to (insert the name of a super fun bar)". Sometimes it's a great thing, sometimes it's a big problem. When I saw Jen and Lisa sitting on the couch last night, it took all I had not to vomit or scream on sight. Paul's apartment is quite small and there is no escaping any unwanted conversation. I told Paul to get his things, that we were going to Blockbuster and to the grocery store. He immediately obliged and at the time I'm not sure if he obliged so quickly to appease me or to get me the fuck out of the room. Probably a mixture of both. We said our goodbyes and took off towards Union Square. Paul was in the mood to make cheeseburgers and french fries. There has never been a day in my life when I HAVEN'T wanted cheeseburgers and french fries, so I was very excited about this choice. Unfortunately, I suggested the turkey burger and later on that night, we both took one bite of our sandwiches and chucked them in the garbage. Turkey burgers have a tendency to taste like horse shit. At least the ones Paul made did. The french fries we got ended up burning so I sat with a gigantic bowl of cereal and that was my wonderful dinner. ha. We rented the movie "Trapped" with Charlize and Kevin and I never saw more than 20 minutes of it. You see, I pretended I was asleep so Jen and Lisa would go to bed and it worked! YAY! Will use that one again in the future. But...there was one thing I have skipped over... Paul and I were putting clean sheets on his bed, when I decided to be all sexy and shit and I pulled him down on top of me... WARNING: SEXUALLY EXPLICIT TEXT --- IF YOU ARE OFFENDED (ie: totally LAME) then go to urlLink the lamest site on the internet and be completely bored . As we lay there kissing, I felt totally out of body. We were fully clothed and I could sense that he was feeling very awkward about kissing me. Our clothes were fully on and our breath was not the most pleasant. I told him to kiss me for a few minutes and that we could make dinner after that. He pulls in tight to me and I can feel his erection through his pants. I immediately stiffen and suddenly I want nothing of this kissing... I want to hump. What happened to me?? I start grinding against him and I can tell by his breathing pattern that he is about ready to go to town on me. I casually slip out of my pants and he starts pumping my erection up and down. While it felt tremendously good, I couldn't help but still feel completely awkward. I look up at him and his face is all serious. He is now in full "hook-up" mode. I try to make myself believe that after almost 3 years in a relationship, there is no reason why I should feel weird with him. I closed my eyes and tried to just go along with what I started. Paul took off his pants and boxers at that point and I started to panic. What was wrong with me? I started this whole thing and now I lay here and don't want to do it anymore. But how do I tell him that I want to stop? Paul began to give me head, very slowly, and for the first time in our relationship, very gently. (he is not a good blow, usually) The head of my dick was so sensitive and I repeatedly had to push his head away. We maneuvered into a 69 position. His dick was raging at this point. Usually I give amazing head....very slow and wet and hot and yeah...I can finish Paul off in about 35 seconds. But last night, his dick made me gag and I didn't like the taste of it at all. Paul sat upright and knelt next to me, massaging my dick in both of his hands. I closed my eyes and went to fantasy land. After about ten minutes of this hand-jerking, I finally had to push his hands off of me. I told him that I wanted him to kiss me until I came. He was comfortable with that and there he laid...next to me...while we each just jerked our own dicks until orgasm. Of course, when he came it had to be all over my chest. This is the way it almost always ends up, and last night, I hated it. I felt degraded and tired of having to be the one to either jump in the shower or eat up all the cum. ok SIKE! Never would I eat cum off my chest. That is purely disgusting. In any case...this is the love session we had last night. After 3 years, this is how the two of us made love. Maybe intercourse will actually change our relationship for the better. But what if it doesn't? What if I always have to run away to fantasy land? Is that normal? Do other people do the same thing and as often with their mates? Do we all envision the best bodies on the planet? Or am I the only one that can't keep my eyes open during sex? Our anniversary is on Thursday and while I feel no pressure to de-virginize myself on that day, I know it has to happen and soon. This kid is about ready to bust inside. And so am I. I am tired of not knowing what sex is really like. I am tired of being in love with someone and not being able to share this adventure with him. There is so much I don't know about and I am ready to start exploring. But is Paul my best friend? Or my boyfriend? I am still unsure. After we finished "hooking up", Paul said that he felt MUCH better and that we should do it at least once a day. (Right now, we average about 3 times a week) (yeah...yikes. cuz I cum at least 9-10 times a week...just alot of times, alone) Why did Paul feel that our sex was so good, when I felt like I was touching a stranger. And a stranger that I wasn't attracted to no less. Hmmmmm...... And why did those cheeseburgers taste so completely nasty? In any case, I am off to do some planning for one Miss Rita's bday. This was a different entry for me today, huh? If y'all like gay porn, I've got some great stories I could lay on you. Just let me know...

 Paul has been utterly adorable today. He called earlier and when I answered the first word out of his mouth was "POOOO!" He was happy and excited to talk to me. In turn, I was equally as happy and excited to talk to him. I was really struggling with some Paul issues last week and explained to Rita my fears and doubts as to the level we are at right now. She gave me some amazing advice which I have since implemented into our relationship and it seems to be working perfectly. Encourage him, even when you don't want to, give him some extra TLC, and most importantly, allow him to be himself. He is having a very hard time adjusting to this city and I hate to say it, but "I TOLD YOU SO!" See, these are things I am trying not to say to him. In any case, a little bird told me that he has gotten a "call back" for a job and I am much excited. Once he becomes employed, I know everything will fall into place for him. Well, at least he will start being nice to me again. That's all I really care about. ;) This morning as I was getting ready for work, not only did he let me smoke a cigarette in his bedroom, he sat and talked to me until I got into the shower. Then when I got out, he was sitting there in bed waiting for me. We giggled like girls and talked right up until I had to leave. Most mornings, he lays there trying to fall back asleep. But on those special mornings, when he sits there and talks to me, I feel so good about him and about us. Just that he really enjoys being with me. It's quite wonderful to have moments like that after 3 years of a relationship. Okay...gotta get ready to leave this place I call my job. Off to dinner and alone time with my special boy. I think we are in for some good sex tonight. I'm feeling it today. (heh heh)

 urlLink I hate Mondays Welcome back folks. How awful is it to have 2 weeks of time off due to holidays, just to wake up on January 6th to find out that reality is back and there isn't a vacation in sight!? Ooooh, how joyous is this bullshit we call life. The only thing that seems to keep me going today is the fact that I don't have to go back to the Gap. I still wake up in the morning and think how happy I am that Rita quit for me. Thank the Lord. I just couldn't do it. Speaking of the Lord, I saw "Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers" last night and I loved loVED LOVED it! Yes, it was three hours and yes I ate more candy than my teeth could handle, but OH MAN was it good. Especially that little Golum guy. (you know...SHMEEEEEEEEEGEL) Paul and I ran around calling everything our "precious" last night and then cracked up over and over. Paul actually came up with the best "precious" comparison: CIGARETTES! When I couldn't find my butts this morning, I jumped on the bed, curled my lips and snarled: "WHERE IS MY PRECIOUSSSS!!!!!!!!!!! If and when you see the movie, you will know what all of this means... The effects were great, the acting was wonderful, the writing (obviously) is brilliant. It is quite a movie experience and it should be had in the theater. If that's your cup of tea. And I hate tea! After the movie we ate 3 pounds of rigatoni and then I stole half of his roommate's block of Brie and shoved it down my throat. We proceeded to watch the movie "The Dangerous Lives of Alter Boys" and I was impressed at how wonderfully shocking certain parts of the movie were. Unfortunately, it made me feel weird inside and I vow never to watch it again. Don't you love my eternal passivity? Paul and I will celebrating our 3-year anniversary on Thursday. I have gotten him a Kenneth Cole watch and am planning on getting him a baby turtle from Chinatown. But as I told Angie in an email this morning, I have heard that baby turtles give you Salmonilla, so I am going to have to watch Paul carefully. He has a tendency to put everything in his mouth. Even cute, baby turtles. So, much to my surprise, I looked in the mirror this morning and my skin looks beautiful! WHA HAPPEN?!?! I have had these dry skin patches on my face for just about 6 months and suddenly they are just gone? Will someone PLEASE tell me why I get weird body things that stick around for awhile and then just disappear without any sort of explanation? Remember my bleeding gums? Whatever the reason, fine. I just pray it stays away forever. SO...I have been quite worried about Mariah lately. She is struggling to make her way in NYC and has yet to find herself a job. I know that deep down she is quite depressed about it and I have done everything in my power to help her. I spent a half hour one day trying to get her bills in order, I researched and gave her contact information for temp. agencies in the city, and I have been through numerous conversations with her about curbing her spending, etc. She is in some serious shit. She has borrowed thousands of dollars to pay her rent and this month was no different. Right before New Year's, and another loan later, she was very close to making her rent for this month. I was informed last night that since she baby-sat, she was able to make her money and can breathe free until February 1st. But then what does she do? She goes tanning, she goes out to eat, to bookstores, to movies, drinking....and I am told that I should just back off and let her be. But how can I do that when no one else seems to care at all about her . At least not enough to truly help her. Lord help her. Cuz I surely can't. What's worse is that she has some horrible influences in her life that cause her to just open up her wallet, and dump more cash on something useless. You would think that her friends would understand that she needs to SLOW DOWN!!! But they don't. They keep taking her out and encouraging this ridiculousness. After talking to Rita about this, she has informed me that I have done all that I can do and it essentially is her responsibility to take care of it. While I agree with her, I wonder...do I just leave my friend high and dry? I guess the answer is yes. Mariah's biggest fear is having to move back home (Albany) and at this point, I am pretty sure that is where she is going to end up. She has got talent like nothing I have ever seen before, but that means nothing when you are thousands of dollars in debt to your family and friends. Probably the thing that bothers me the most about all of this is that I have become this scary beast with her. I drill her about her spending, I lecture her about finding a job, and worst of all, I act like her mother and father all rolled into one! Gosh, I just don't know. I just care so much about her. I don't want to be this person with her. But I don't want her to leave, more. I had made arrangements with her to come into where I work to get computer lessons, but she has bailed each time we were to get together. So I guess that's it. I take Rita's advice and I trust in the fact that Mariah will wake up before she digs her hole any deeper. And maybe I will take a fist to these so-called "friends" of hers that keep bringing the girl down! Rita has had a rough morning and I am just generally annoyed today, so we will be going to the West End for some grub. I just love me the West End. It is the one place where you can sit and smoke away all your cares. Wednesday is Rita's birthday and we are planning on going to happy hour and then I assume, shoving our faces with pizza and the like. It really is dependent on whatever Rita wants to do. It is her special day afterall. And I am going to do my best to make it the specialist! Remember that movie "The Specialist"? Yeah, me either. Oh...just so we are all in the loop together...my brother made it safely back to Germany. VIVE LA GUTENTAGS or some shit. Time for smokes and food! Rdios.

 I am a die-hard cancer. There is no "cusp" in my life. Rita just sent me our compatibility chart and ironically we are exactly the same! Unfortunately, the chart also said that I am totally incompatible with the Aquarius. Well surprise surprise...Paul is an Aquarius. Here is the description of my personality. It is 100% true. Cancer's element is Water. Symbolic of the emotions, water signs need to give and receive. They thrive on the exchange of feelings. They need security and love to be wrapped in an environment of love and comfort. Truly a wonderful example of Yin receptivity, Cancer seems to absorb memories, feelings and psychic messages. Of course, they send back their own good vibes in the process. The cardinal' motivation energizes their strong ability to provide for others. Few work as hard and as tenaciously as Cancer. Without the balance of Yang assertiveness, however, Cancer's confidence can be a bit wobbly. After all, the Crab is so very sensitive to everything. Just as the sign's ruler, the Moon, goes through phases, Cancer often experiences mood-swings. Sometimes the desire to love results in giving too much. In such cases, the Crab can become over-protective or dependent. Balanced, the Cancer adds personal independence to his or her priorities.

 Happy Friday! This is the first Friday in forever that I don't have to leave my day job and go to the Gap. Is it wrong that every five minutes I stop and think how HAPPY I am that I don't have to go back there? Rita and I had a very long discussion last night about my need to quit this job, my reasonings for getting it in the first place, and my plan of action having freed up all of this time. She was incredibly supportive, as she always is, and I left the conversation feeling confident in myself and comforted in my decision making skills. After much analyzing, we came to the conclusion that I didn't get the job at the Gap for the money. I did it for the experience. I learned a variety of lessons both about myself and about the world around me. You see, before I worked at the Gap, I found myself in bed every night at 10pm, drinking obsessively, and worst of all...scared to make new friends because of my decreasing self-confidence. Having to spend 40 hours a week with people I didn't know, doing work I didn't enjoy, and making conversation with people, regardless how I felt emotionally, was something that I never thought I could do. I was becoming fearful of myself and what I could accomplish if given the chance. I know it sounds weird, but it's true. By looking at me you would never know that I, internally, FREAK out when I have to make base conversation with people I don't know. Yesterday, I was talking to one of my co-workers and while I was making very diligent eye contact, the entire time she was speaking I found my mind screaming: "She thinks you're not paying attention", "She thinks you're humoring her", "She thinks you are a fat, nasty beast that has impossible goals of being an actor". I make myself insane with this nonsense. Yet, Rita assures me that the people I am talking to don't realize my internal struggle to be a normal guy. She seems to think that I am very good with social situations. It feels so nice to get this type of encouragement. Especially when you feel as though you are Blobby McBlobbersons with nothing clever to say. When I explained to Paul last night that Rita and I came to the conclusion that I worked at the Gap for the "experience" of it all, he reacted in two very awful ways. 1) He laughed right in my face. He has this new thing where, when I say something he thinks is absurd, he laughs right in my face. No joke. It's like: "Paul, I didn't work at the Gap for the money. I worked there to learn about myself and about my personal endurance." Paul: "BOO WAHHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" --- which essentially means: "You stupid fucking moron...how could you possibly have voiced such a ridiculous notion!" It really hurts when he reacts this way to me. 2) When I asked him not to laugh in my face when I say something of importance, he instead SCREAMED in my face and said: "You are so lazy! That is what it comes down to! Laziness! You didn't work at the Gap for the experience Joe. You worked there so that you could make some money for once. Cuz you spend it frivilously and without any sort of responsibility." Needless to say, I fucking hated him last night. After he, literally, screamed in my face, I politely asked him to get the "fuck out of my house". He screamed again and I felt my heart about ready to burst. "Stop yelling at me. It's not your life! It's mine! I want to live for me now..." Cuz you see...while Rita and I were hashing and re-hashing the issues swirling around our lives, I came up with my New Year's resolution. I want to spend 2003 living my life for me. Most of my day is spent worrying about what my parents think of me, if my brother is going to live or die while in the ARMY, if Kelly and Rita are mad at me all, if Paul is doing ok living in this new city...etc etc and it doesn't even stop there...etc. When my brother and I were at Kelly's restaurant for New Year's Eve, there was a moment when he looked at me and said: "Joe, you need to stop beating yourself up about everything in your life. You are an adult and you need to make your own choices, regardless of what other people think." I found instant clarity in what my little brother was saying to me. Why at 23 is he able to go off and do what he wants to do with his life, while I sit here at 25 and act as though I still need my parents and friends to make all of my decisions for me? Why have I let this go on for so long? So...in 2003 I am going to make my decisions and be confident and proud of them. Even if they aren't the "most responsible" of decisions. I think I know what is best for me and it's time I start implementing that into my life. Paul is the one that makes this the most difficult for me. We had a very long and horrible discussion after I asked him to leave. He put his jeans on and as he was packing his stuff up, I said: "Go ahead. Run away from every problem we have. Don't stay and be a part of this relationship. It's what you always do." He stood there contemplating what I said to him and then he slowly took off his jeans and got back into bed. I tried as hard as I could to explain to him that I need to live my life for me and that I can't worry so much about what the other people in my life are going to think. Not only did he completely disagree with my New Year's resolution, he called me the most self-centered guy he has ever met. He says that I "have always lived my life for me and only me". And that all I "care about is making sure that I am okay with what is going on in my own life." Of course I tried to explain to him, as calmly as I could, that this is so far from the truth, but he wasn't having it. It wasn't until he screamed at me again about quitting my job at the Gap that I pulled out all of the stops and said: "Stop acting like your fucking father! Be Paul! Stop treating me the way he has always treated you and your family." He didn't speak much after that. And I was grateful. I sit here, right now, and I feel so hurt by the way he acted last night. I had the most beautiful and healing conversation with Rita and then Paul comes in and wipes it all away with his anger, bitterness, and resentment. Fuck. Why does my boyfriend do this to me?? Why am I letting him do this?? Why does he not see me for who I really am? but more importantly Why does he not protect me and love me no matter what I do with my life? Does anyone else have this problem(?) or am I just in a fucked up relationship? I am so tired of being misunderstood by him. I am so tired of having to try to explain to him that what I feel is valid. I am so tired of him laughing in my face. Tonight, Rita and I are going out for drinks. I am seriously excited. I want to get out and I want to get away from our house, Paul, and from the rest of the world that thinks they know what's best for me. My New Year's Resolution: Be myself. And Be confident in every decision I make.

 NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! I had pizza for lunch. I didn't mean to, it just fell in my mouth. Someone wipe the grease from my double chins.

 HAPPY FUCKING 2003! Are we serious? It's 2003!!!!! Finally! You see, I am truly hoping that this year brings a more exciting and purposeful direction for my life. 2001 and 2002 sucked my nuts, but this year...this year's gon' be good! I'm BACK! And in a wonderfully upbeat mood! I can't believe that I have been away from this computer for 13 days. I did the best I could to slow down time, to make the minutes crawl, but regardless, here I am at my job and ready for some more time off! Shit nigga! It would be virtually impossible for me to do a blow-by-blow of the different things that happened over the last week, so instead, I will simply create a small and very significant list of the big things that happened over the holidays. Joe's List Of Big Moments: 1) My brother came home and we had the most beautiful time together. His plane arrived on 12/23 and from that moment on we were inseperable. We watched movies together, played board games together, got drunk together, made fun of my parents together, etc etc more drunkeness etc. I realized over the last week and a half that my brother truly is my best friend. I miss him more than I ever let on and it is finally catching up with me. He knows me so well. When he gives me advice, I listen. There are few people in the world as important to me as my brother. God help me get through this next year without him. I feel sick when I think about it. 2) PRESENTS PRESENTS and more PRESENTS! Man, I cleaned UP this Christmas. My parents are notorious for going overboard every year, but this year....YOWZAHS! I could have never expected to get what I got. For starters, I got a fucking computer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My very own computer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And also a new television, a leather jacket (tremendously classy and nice), clothes, cd's, dvd's, cologne, gift certificates, and that is really only the beginning. Mom and Dad took such good care of me this year. I felt embarrassed at how much they gave me. As my brother says every year: "Joe's Christmas list is purely a cry for help." I feel so blessed and I can't wait to dive into all my new toys! 3) My family and I went bowling over break and I LOVED it! We drank beers and smoked cigarettes and I won 2 out of the 3 games. Go Joe! Bowling's pretty fun. pretty . 4) I re-arranged my bedroom and it looks kinda good. My dad has informed me that I have a college person's bedroom at the age of 25 and he is right. Our entire apartment is way too cluttered and filled with more fun than class. When Kelly and I move, we may have to discuss changing it up a bit. I don't think she would mind that at all. Paul bought me the most adorable little computer desk for Christmas and I now have a huge television, DVD player, VCR, and Playstation all in my bedroom. Um...and I can pee out my window. Go ahead and ask me if I am ever leaving my room. ....................................... ....................................... ...................................... fine don't ask, but the answer is still "no". 5) Paul's roommates officially live in NYC. Fucking snore. 6) My parents and my brother joined me in bringing in the New Year at Kelly's beautiful West Village restaurant. The food was fucking bomb and the drinks were just about free. The bartenders took such good care of us and with the exception of my over-active anxiety, the night went off without a hitch. Sometimes I have a very difficult time relaxing. I am so afraid that someone will be left out or that my dad will grab one of my friend's boobs, or that my mom will fall right out of her barstool. Oh yeah, my mom DID fall right out of her bar stool. 7) Paul met my parents for the second time in his life and he was fucking NERVOUS. Me, being the self-centered asshole that I am, didn't even consider the fact that he would be nervous. I didn't ask him once before the night started if he was ok. And he never brought it up. I found out from everyone else that he was having minor panic attacks. Once I confronted him about it, I was able to make it all better. Just took me awhile to get my head out of my ass. He got along FAMOUSLY with my parents. My dad, especially, had an INCREDIBLE time hanging out with him and talking. They discussed everything from religion to homosexuality and marriage, and they both walked away still smiling. I don't know how that happened. But I am grateful for it. God was truly watching out for me in that respect. My parents love my boyfriend! I am the luckiest kid alive. 8) Friday night, Kelly, my brother, Mariah, Paul and I went to Webster Hall for the evening. I wanted to do something big and special when Winfield was in NYC and I thought that Webster Hall would be the "it" place to go. Clearly it was, since the line to get in stretched for about 4 blocks. BUT! I went to the website to check out times and location and noticed that you could buy the tickets in advance. Kelly sat down and took care of "business" for us and wouldn't you know it...we didn't have to wait in the line at all! It was like we were VIP. (I played Pamela Anderson's character) (if you didn't get that reference, then you are an individual of a higher class than myself) We walked past all of the other people in line and got right in. It was nice to feel important for once. Thanks to Kelly for making sure we got those tickets. Otherwise, we would have been in line for at least 2-3 hours. It was a crazy night. At one point, Kelly and Mariah were laying all over my brother as though he was their pimp daddy. Well, Mariah was passed out and drooling on his chest, so I don't know if that counts as laying all over him. We danced, we drank, we sat on a nice couch. All in all, I think we had a GREAT time. Paul, of course, got out-of-hand wasted and wouldn't pull the bottle of vodka from his mouth. Two days later, he goes out with Mariah and Kelly and word gets back to me that he was even more drunk that night. I sat him down yesterday and had a very long talk with him about the abuse of alcohol. Hey, act like a child, get treated like a child. He made a "resolution" to cut the shit when it comes to drinking like a hobo. And he fucking better or he and I are headed for some major drama in our relationship. I'm not letting this slide anymore. I've had enough. Why is it that my group of friends, me included, can go out and get WASTED, but still hold onto some thread of dignity, while Paul goes out and leaves his maturity at the door? Anyone who thinks it's "funny" when he gets like this only encourages him. I'm just really tired of having to baby him every single time we go out. And he embarrasses the fuck out of me. 9) Remember how I told the Gap that my uncle had passed away so that I could get out of work for a couple of days? I said that he got an infection in his leg from the hip replacement? Yeah, well he does in fact have an infection in his leg and he is back in the hospital for real. Do I have to kill everyone in my family???? God, please don't let him die. Not yet. Man, why do I do this shit? 10) Today, Rita called the Gap and quit for me! Yes, you read that right. Rita called the Gap this morning and told them that I wasn't coming back to NYC for awhile and that I had to be taken off the schedule! I am officially done with that hell hole! FOR REAL! YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY! I have never been so happy in my entire life. No, really. My ENTIRE life. I was supposed to work there all weekend and all next week and now I don't have to go back ever. They are going to mail my paychecks and hopefully, I will never have to see their retailing faces ever again! Honestly, I haven't been this elated about something in a LONG time. Well, except for last week when my brother came home. heh. Hey! Remember when I worked at the Gap? I hardly do! YES! Thanks Rita! You gave me the best New Year's present ever! Now get working on my Easter present. What else... I am FUCKING SO FAT RIGHT NOW, it's ridiculous. I am on a hard core diet that consists of nothing, but wine, beer, and french fries. No seriously, Joe Cut the Shit needs to cut the shit when it comes to shoving his face. My pants are ripping at the seams. I had to wear a pair of Paul's pants for New Year's, cuz all of my nice slacks fit like spandex. Oh and how does my ass look in these pants? Let me tell you a little something about gigantic... SO BIG! I need to cut it out or eat rice cakes. I may have to have a counselor intervene at some point. I don't know if I can do it by myself. I love to eeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaattttttttttttttttttttt. I am having "Subway" for lunch, because I am at the point where even fat ass Jared is having to influence me. I mean if Jared can do it...can't I? too bad Jared's still an ugly motha fucker. dork. (just jealous cuz Jared has the money to buy subway every day for lunch/dinner)(the most EXPENSIVE diet on the planet) Mariah and I have been spending a great deal of time with eachother these days. I think she is really enjoying herself. It's got to be nice for her to get out of the apartment and hang out with other people, besides "Rachel the psycho" (her roommate) once in awhile. I drove her back to NYC from Albany and she didn't leave our little group until Sunday morning. She was tons of fun, even if she spent more than half of it on the phone with her ex-girlfriend, Marisa. Wait, did I say ex? Cuz what I meant was "sex". Even broken up these two are more in love then they have ever been. Marisa is even talking about moving to NYC now. WHA? Could this relationship of theirs go primetime? We shall see... I miss Mariah and now that I am no longer a slave to the Gap, I know that we will be hanging out more than before. I would really like to get a potluck dinner thing started. Paul came up with the idea and I think it's genius. I will pose the idea tomorrow night over drinks and dancing. I think Mariah is going to want to go to this club called "Heaven", but since she gots no money, she will be accompanying the rest of us to a dirt cheap bar that has games; darts and Megatouch 4 eva! Alright...time to go eat my low fat wheat bread sub from Subway. If Jared's there I will ask him how it's possible to lose 245 pounds and still be a loser.

 2003! WOCK and WOLL!

 We have begun the process! The move is officially under way. I woke up yesterday at 1:30pm and immediately started helping Kelly tear apart our apartment. We got a lot done, but I am afraid to say that there is so much more to do! I dont think I have any time left for fun this week. We have to have the house ready to go by Wednesday night. It seems as though Kelly and I will have to move into our new place on Thursday evening, rather than Friday morning. Gotta make use of the big strong boys when they are available. Regardless, we will still be sleeping in our Queens apartment for one more night. Rita leaves early Friday morning and I want to make sure that we are with her up until the moment she drives away. Man, its really happening. The days are flying by like wild fire. My head is swirling with things I need to do and just when I think I have narrowed down my final list, I realize that I have yet to change my address on some of my bills, or that I havent called the thrift store yet to remove my couches, or that GAHHHHHHHHHHHHH! See? So much. In other news I was out having my mid-day cigarette when the strangest thing happened. This guy walks out of an apartment building, about 50 feet from me, and projectile vomits all over the sidewalk. Seriously. It was like, one minute, silence. The next minute, a tremendous splash on the ground. The guy wipes his mouth and goes back into the building. I couldnt help but burst out laughing. I mean, I DO feel bad that he got sick, but how rare is it to see someone just haul off and erupt from their mouth? I had an enjoyable cigarette to say the least. Thank God I dropped off my laundry at the Laundromat today. I have been wearing BO covered clothes for at least a week or two. Just wanted to have all new laundry before we moved into the city. But still, thank God, I got some clothes clean, cuz I was starting to get a little embarrassed at having to keep my pits shut whenever I was in a group of people. My boss is driving me up the fucking wall today. The end. SO! Member how I wrote that I used too much steroid cream on my cock and it dried out and shriveled up? Well, late Thursday night, I needed to jerk off pretty badly, and decided to tempt the fate of my dick and just go for it. I have to be honest, the cock looked so severely damaged that I was sure I was going to have to forgo sex for the rest of my life. WELL! As I began jerking, the skin surrounding my dick head and shaft began crunching. Like, well, you know, crunching. It didnt hurt at all, so I kept jerking. The lights were off in my room so I couldnt see what was happening down there. It only took about 5 minutes to get myself to orgasm and once finished I flipped on the light to see the damage I caused. LO AND BEHOLD! Jerking my dick off made all the crust crumble and flake off. I was lying there naked, looking down at my cum covered dick and saw that there was dead skin everywhere! I jumped out of bed and stood over the garbage can so that I could get as much of the dead skin off my stomach and into the trash. There was like 8 layers of it. I then wiped myself up and pealed the remaining skin off. Underneath all of this crunch was the most beautiful baby soft dick I have ever seen! And it was mine! ALL MINE! I was elated. Not only did I not destroy my cock, the three days of steroid cream torture I went through ended up turning it into the prettiest and softest cock in the world! I havent been able to keep my hands off it since. The lesson I learned is this: If you make a mistake and put steroid cream on your cock in order to eliminate a pseudo-skin disease, wait three days and then jerk feverishly. Underneath all that ugly is a cock that is brand-new and baby soft! SICK! I got so much packing to do. Ari just got back from her final lunch with Rita. She just walked into the office with tears brimming in her eyes. Ari doesnt cry, so the minute I saw it, I grabbed her and took her out for a smoke. Rita has become such a big part of so many peoples lives here that when they say their good-byes, it just tears them up. Ari and Rita have gotten to know each other pretty well over the last year and I knew it was going to be hard for them to give their farewells. And the beat goes on All righttime for lunch. I heated up my soup like an hour and a half ago and maybe now that it has fully congealed, I can go enjoy it. Latas.

 I am sitting at my computer in my bedroom and typing in the notepad of microsoft. You see, my wonderful computer came with "Windows XP", but there was no "word" program downloaded onto it. I know, sounds crazy. But it's true. Since my internet connection in my room is dial-up, I get knocked off every time someone calls. So I am forced to type in the lame notepad cuz I don't wanna lose the shit I type. You understand. And what a lame way to start this entry. I'm not sure what I want to write. I just knew that I wanted to sit and get some shit out of my head. With so much going on in my life these days, it's hard to pick a topic and focus in on it. I could write about the move to Times Square, I could write about Rita leaving for Syracuse, I could write about Paul's lack of support throughout this whole thing...really I could write about any of these. But I don't want to. I am already feeling pretty stressed and dwelling on any of these issues might send my emotions reeling. I will try to work up the nerve to wax philosophic about this depressing shit in a minute. But for now... For now, I start with the TOP 5 PET PEEVES I HAVE ABOUT RIDING THE NYC SUBWAY: 1) The subway system has no real schedule to follow. Sure, there IS a schedule, but actually seeing a train pull up at the exact minute it's supposed to is like waiting for Usher to admit he's gay. Every morning I try to leave the house at the exact same time. It takes me about 10 minutes to walk to the subway platform (an estimated 11 blocks). I leave at 8:05am and know that I need to make the 8:15am train in order to be exactly on time for work. I am not one for leaving early as I am a slave to routine. No matter what I do I am guaranteed to miss the train. Then I must wait another 5-10 minutes for the next train to arrive. At this point I am late for work no matter how fast the train speeds along. I fucking hate that there is no true subway schedule. 2) As a gentleman, I am usually left standing on the subway. I always give my seat to an elderly person or a woman that is seemingly pregnant. I say "seemingly" because I have had that moment of offering my seat to a very pregnant woman who has in turn looked at me as though I was criticizing the baby made of donuts sleeping in her belly. Yet I still try to offer my seat to someone that needs it more than me. Fine, so I stand. Even when I feel like shit from drinking the night before or even when I haven't slept well and would just about kill someone for their little space of bench, I offer them the seat and stand clutching the "straphanger" (aka the handgrip that runs along the top of the train). Now, my pet peeve comes in when we are pulling into another train station. No matter who it is: old lady, man with one leg, teenager with a coke problem, they are SURE to stand up and ask ME to get out of the way so that they can get to the door first. This infuriates me! My theory is: "If you are lucky enough to get a seat on the subway, then you accept the fact that you will be one of the last people off the train." Sounds fair, right? NO! I am constantly shoved out of the way by self-absorbed people who think that we must not only give them a seat, but get out of their blessed way when the train is slowing to a stop. Truth is...I am not getting out of your way, cuz I have to get off too. Can you wait five fucking seconds so I can just turn my body and inch towards the door? Oh no, you can't? Then enjoy my book bag in your face while you wait for me to get off the train. I fucking hate people who tell you to get out of their way when you are getting off at the same stop as them. 3) If it is rush hour and there are about 100 people crammed into a subway car, do whatever you can to not rip an egg smelling fart. I can't tell you how many times I have been stuck riding 90 blocks on a subway train smelling someone else's rotting insides. Yes, I have let a couple go myself, but I have also held that beast in until I grew nautious, doing my best to spare my fellow commuters from this nasty gas. It makes me physically angry to stand, smooshed in like caviar, and smell with each breath, the breakfast, lunch and midday snack that your body is slowly and angrily digesting. I fucking hate people that deliver horrible fart babies on the subway during rush hour. 4) Since I commute mostly during rush hour, every time I get off the train, I am forced to barrel through a crowd of anxious subway users. It's like I'm invisible. If I am unlucky enough to get off the train last, I get knocked around like a pin ball trying to escape before I am stuck on and forced to go to the next stop. You've got to be a fucking asshole in order to commute successfully in NYC. After being shoved around for 2 years like I don't matter, I have now started to pretend I am the biggest football player in the city. I walk with determination and force and give men, women, and children alike, my shoulders to their face. Hi. Nice to meet you. Did you like my shoulder being shoved into your douchebag face? Then WAIT until I can get my poor white ass off the subway. For lack of a better thing to write: "I'm mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore". I fucking hate people that don't let you off the subway before they barrel through the entrance door. 5) I think that, subconciously, this last pet peeve bothers me the most. I have done the same commute so many times that when I arrive at the subway platform, I know exactly where to stand in order for the door to open right in front of me. As I previously mentioned, I arrive at the subway platform just in time for the doors to close right in my face, each day. Therefore, I am stuck waiting awhile for the next train to come. Now, since I have been waiting for what has been up to 20 minutes for a train to come, is it fair that you walk right up to the subway as the doors are opening and shove me aside so you can get in first? My god, asians are the worst. I don't have a true problem with asians per se, but why is it that when I am waiting patiently for a subway, I am constantly shoved aside by a little asian woman who somehow knows that she is to be the first person onto the train. I just don't get it. Any asshole that would walk up to a subway door and shove aside all those that have been waiting in line, deserve to get slapped swiftly in their ignorant, "I am the only person on the planet of course I go first" face. Last week, I was waiting for the 1/9 train at Times Square. I was waiting a while. Let's say 10 minutes. 10 LONG Monday morning minutes. When the subway finally arrived, there must have been 30 people waiting to get into one door. This little foreign woman (I will explain how I know she was foreign in a minute) literally shoves through the crowd, waltzes into the train and grabs the first seat she sees. This black man who was waiting in line yelled: "Hey! What are you doing? Chill out!" Eventually we all boarded the train, and this black guy sits in the seat across from me. About halfway through the ride, that little bitch foreign woman gets out of her seat and walks up to the black guy. She starts in with: "How dare you tell me chill out. I am woman and deserve respect that all women deserve." The black man retorts with: "I don't care if you're a woman or not, you don't shove people aside that have been waiting for a train." In her foreign, broken English voice, she starts freaking out. "Fuck you! Woman should always get in train before man. It's how things get done here. Are you new to this country?!?!" The black man sat silent while the woman freaked out on him for a good 3 stops. Eventually this man had enough and the two engaged in an argument so intense that it made me want to slink away into another subway car. "Go back to your country you stupid bitch. Take your crazy poor ass out of here and go back to where you belong." "Go back to what country? You black! This isn't your country. How dare you raise voice! I belong in country and you don't!" Blah blah blah. It carried on this way until I finally got off the train. To be honest, I wanted that black guy to rip that self-centered bitch's face off. I fucking hate people that believe that they are to be the FIRST person on the subway regardless of anyone else's time or position in line. And I don't hate asians. It's just that they have green blood and are from a planet I like to call "Chinese". You see. And that's that. There are so many other reasons as to why I hate entering the NYC subway, but this listing is a good start. We won't even get into the people that WORK for the subway system. That would take me three days to get off my chest. ------------------------------------------SHIFTING GEARS-------------------------------------------------- THIS FOLLOWING ENTRY IS PRETTY MUCH DRAMA. IF YOU READ THIS YOU WILL EITHER BE BORED TO DEATH AT HOW MUCH OF A SILLY LITTLE GIRL I AM OR YOU WILL CRY LIKE A SHIT BABY. CUTTHESHIT BABY THAT IS. On Thursday night, Kelly and I got together (Rita came too) to measure the dimensions of our new apartment. It was pretty exciting to look at the space again knowing that this is our new home. We realized during the process that our current furniture set would not fit into the new apartment. I was pretty upset considering that it is my furniture and I am still not ready to dump it. Cuz I mean, even the couch has reclining seats in it! And cup holders! How could we get rid of it?? But I finally accepted the fact that not only would they not fit into the apartment, the dimensions of the hallway leading up the stairs would not allow it either. Kelly decided to save the day and purchase a futon. I was very skeptical of having a futon in our new "classy" apartment, but after seeing what she purchased today, I took a huge sigh of relief and realize once again that I can trust Kelly's decorating skills. She picked a beauty. And it gives us more sleeping space for any spontaneious visitors. We tested the shower, the stove, and picked up the largest dead roach any of us have seen off the floor. Kelly and I are going to be happy in this apartment. - No. For real. Ignore the roach comment. It was a nuclear fluke. There are no such things as roaches that big. - And Rita shit herself when she saw the location. (I loved her excitement at that) I wasn't kidding folks, we live IN Times Square. Not near it. IN it. And I am very proud of it. And no, it's not LOUD. Everyone keeps telling me that it is "too loud" and I always wonder how they know that. It's not like any of them have lived in this area. But after being there on Thursday, all of us were in fact relieved that it is NOT loud at all. In fact, all you can hear is a very faint "hum". The place is perfect for us. After the visit to our new pad, the three of us went to have a few drinks at Siberia . This bar is where Kelly will be putting up her show in April. On first site of the bar, I grew extremely uptight. It is what I like to call "slummin". Not slammin. Slummin. There is graffiti and garbage all over the place. AND. And, there is a toilet hanging over the bar by way of chain. It's hanging from the ceiling from a very large chain. For real. After the first vodka tonic, the place started to grow on me. Although everyone in the place was dressed like a skater (me in dress pants and a button down shirt), I felt ironically safe and comfortable. After the 3rd vodka tonic, I started to fall in love with the place. And by the 5th vodka tonic, I realized that there is not a place in the world I would rather be, than in Siberia . Kelly found the PERFECT space for her show. Conversation between the three of us was incredibly strained in the beginning. We were talking about the move, but it was all logistics and nothing personal. I remember just sitting there wanting to crawl out of my skin. As the alcohol started to settle in, the talk shifted from business to reality. Kelly was unbelievably upbeat during the evening and truthfully rescued the evening from spiraling down the tubes. Before the measuring of the apartment, Rita and I had just come from her goodbye party at work. Just so you know how down Rita and I were feeling...during Rita's "final words" at the party , sobs took over my body and I stood there in front of all of my co-workers with my chest heaving and my nose running out of my face. It was hella sad. We were spent. So when Kelly confronted the situation during our drink session, it was a chance for Rita and I to open up about how this move has been affecting us. Kelly acknowledged the fact that although Rita leaving NYC upsets her, she understands that for the two of us, this move is virtually impossible to bear. It is the first time that I felt like someone got it. I am constantly having conversations with people who say: "I want Rita to stay. I am going to miss her so much." While I am overwhemlingly happy that Rita has formed relationships with these people in order for them to feel this bad, I walk away each time choking back my sadness and end up feeling incredibly alone. Like no one understands how hard this is for us. It's not that I want to sit around and cry with everyone about this. and It's not that anyone is doing anything wrong. But OUCH. This hurts bad. SO bad. Any time I have a good moment in my day, a moment that makes me feel genuinely happy, it's cut short with the reminder that Rita has to leave NYC in less than a week. Let me explain a bit better. Rita and I have been best friends, in different ways, since the day I met her back at the beginning of our sophomore year of college. We immediately understood eachother. Friends like this are so rare to find, but so cherished once you realize you have finally found them. Through circumstances out of our control, I moved into the apartment she was living in, during our senior year of college. During this year, Rita and I discovered why we were destined to be best friends. We have a million memories from that year. It was like fate slapping you right in the face. During the peak of its intensity, Rita and I dealt with the feelings of "love" that were developing between us. Now, memble...I'm gay. And Rita was the first person that I fully disclosed this to. It was all very crazy, but very sane at the same time. When the entire situation exploded around us, Rita and I spent a week not speaking to eachother. And it tore our worlds up to the core. At the time, Rita and I were living with 4 other girls all crammed into the same apartment. (but we all had our own rooms ironically enough) Because of it being our senior year and because she and I were surrounded by 4 of our best friends, there was never really a chance for us to spend the real time together that we wanted to. There was never a chance for us to fully discuss and digest everything about our friendship. At the end of the year, everyone graduated with the exception of me. (I decided half-way through the year to chuck everything that I worked for into the garbage and to follow my dream as an actor. I stayed for one more year and finished the entire major in 3 semesters. All while juggling about 15 shows and becoming the theater club president. Okay, yes I am tooting my own pathetic horn) I stayed at school with two of the girls I lived with, but Rita moved back to DC. There she lived with her parents and got a job teaching at a ballet school. RANDOM. But a time period that changed her life. During my SUPER-Senior year (that's what we 5-year plan losers called it), Rita and I kept in touch and I basically begged her to move back to where I was going to school. At the time, she was broken up with her boyfriend. The same boyfriend that she is moving back to Syracuse next week to be with. Rita, for many different reasons, did in fact move back to where I was going to school. During the second semester of my senior year, we became incredibly close again, and I even directed her in a scene I was doing for school. It was another wonderful chapter in our relationship. In May of that year, I once again said goodbye to Rita and I moved to Boston to be with my newly found boyfriend, Paul. I stopped speaking to everyone then. Including Rita. That's how I used to do things. If I moved to a new place, you could consider yourself out of my life. I couldn't deal with keeping up with friendships that were long distance. It was too much effort and then it always ended up hurting intensely in the end. While I was in Boston, Rita sent numerous letters to me. After never hearing back, she sent the letter that changed our friendship forever. I remember coming home from work (TGIFriday's) and finding this random envelope in the mailbox. I saw that it was from Rita and sat down on my bed to read it. The opening of the letter went something like this: "I know you aren't going to write back. I've given up on expecting that. Instead, what I am going to do is just write what is going on in my life and tell you what I am up to." There were little comic strips in the letter and cut-outs of magazine pictures asking "Where has Joe gone?" and "Why won't Joe ever give me a call?" When I got done with the letter, I did what I knew was right. I called Rita. From that point on, Rita and I have stayed heavily in touch. We used to talk about once every couple of weeks until I moved to NYC. Once there, she and I began to talk about once a week, we visited eachother a couple of times, and then, towards the end of my first year in NYC, I had convinced Rita that she needed to move into my apartment in Queens. Once again, I had asked Rita to come to where I was. I knew we needed eachother. At this point, Rita was back with her boyfriend and she had made a full life for herself in Syracuse. Rita moved in on December 28th, 2001. It was the day that changed our relationship, yet again. Rita got a job at my current place of employment and we began building a little life for ourselves. We commuted together, we worked together, we went out of the house everywhere together, we were co-joined twins that slept in separate beds at night. You understand how that works. Through the year, we have gotten a chance to know eachother in a way that I've never known anyone. Even with my own boyfriend, we spend most of the day doing other things. But with Rita, everything we did was together. This girl understands me so completely. I can talk about anything and she sees exactly where I am coming from. She has been there for me during each emotional roller coaster ride I took this year. I cried to her. I laughed with her. I fought with her. We got a chance, for the first time since I've known her, to see what our friendship could really be if given the chance. And come to find out, it's everything we hoped it would be. Rita and I have always been very good at putting on an act when we are with other people. We inherently act as though we are merely just "friends" and go on with our business. This is why we spend most of our time together alone. Or with Kelly. It works best for us when we can truly let go and be ourselves with the other person. Neither one of us get what we want from our boyfriends, and find that we get that other part from eachother. I listen to her and she listens to me. That is something so rare in a person that it should be considered diamond studded gold. Rita has confronted quite a few of her personal demons while in NYC. I wanted Rita to move to NYC to live the life that I was living. Get a shit job in the city and pursue your creative talents. Drop everything you've been taught and live the bohemian life the best way you know how. And she did. She did her absolute best at working the shit job and living as though we have the world at our fingertips. But eventually, the honeymoon period wears off and Rita was forced to confront one of her biggest life challenges. "What was her passion in life?" Being someone that has talents across the board, Rita had a million choices as to which creative direction to go in. She can sing. She can act. She can write. She is book smart. She's amazing on a computer. She knows more about music than anyone I have ever met. Rita could go with any of these and be successful given her desire to be so. But it turns out....Rita's passion wasn't being the next Pulitzer Prize winner. Rita was not to be the next Greta Garbo. Rita didn't want the fast paced, overly aggressive life of NYC. Rita was to a wife and mother. Rita wanted a family. Being someone that grew up in a military family, Rita has always struggled with the concept of settling down. She is accustomed to moving and starting over. When things get boring or they get too tough, move and start a new life. She does physically what I do emotionally. You run away. So, one night in Mid-November, Rita and I sit around after work and had a couple glasses of wine. (We are notorious for talking serious AND have also been known to spend three nights a week in front of the television while never turning it on. Hours spent talking ourselves hoarse) During our discussion that night, Rita discloses that she has found her passion. She wants to start her family and at 25 years old, doesn't want to wait any longer. She is in love with her boyfriend, unconditionally, and she knows that he is the one that she needs to be with. After discussing this with her, we came to the conclusion that she needed to live NYC and move back to be with him. It was a beautiful talk and one that neither she nor I will never forget. We kept the secret for a couple of weeks, only telling Kelly at one point. Rita was giving herself time to settle with the decision and didn't want to have to re-tell everyone that she was staying instead of moving. You know how it is. As last year came to a close, it was set in stone that Rita was leaving. AND THIS IS HOW I REALLY FEEL. (although incredibly long winded. my bad. snore. read it or don't read it. i don't give a shit) As the weeks have gotten closer to Rita's departure, all of us have had moments of emotional insanity. Kelly had the first breakdown a week or so ago and it was then that I realized that it was all really happening. Since that Sunday night, I have not felt okay. I find that I am suprisingly strong on the outside. It seems as though I am just going about my business. Yet, deep down, I find myself losing my shit hardcore style. I don't want Rita to leave. I felt so positive and unselfish about it before, but now I am panicking. I've spent the last year of my life married to someone and now they are leaving. I am so accustomed to the way we do things and the thought of always having her around. No matter what...Rita was ALWAYS there. She is the epitomy of "being able to count on someone". And now...she moves 5 hours away. I'm scared to be alone. I'm scared not to have her here to ask every little thing to. I have become so dependent on her for everything. She IS my self-esteem. She IS the clarity to every crisis I have. She IS my foundation. I'm not saying that what I have with my other close people isn't wonderful, cuz without it, I would truly be lost. The point of this beast of an entry is to clearly show for once and for all why Rita's leaving is making everything around me change so drastically that I feel like I am starting over. And I am doing it on my own. We will never live together again. I will never hear her puttering around the house before I get out of bed again. There will be no more random glasses of water forgotten around the house. I won't see those red sneakers every day. No more pizza fridays. No more 6:30-7:30pm Simpson viewings. No more falling asleep on the couch at the same time. No more sitting on the couch together for hours at an end crying and sharing and laughing together. (yes, everything we did involved the couch) The only thing that gives me comfort throughout this whole thing, is knowing that she feels exactly the same way. There is no doubt in my mind that she is struggling mind, body, and soul with the decision she has made. Rita loves me and I know that this distance kills her insides just as much as it kills mine. This was our last weekend together. Last night we did our Friday ritual of renting movies and buying groceries and vegging out in front of the television. We went to bed around 10pm and I spent a good majority of my remaining evening staring at my bedroom wall. Today we watched like 3 more movies together and had plans to go out drinking. We layed around all weekend and although completely unspoken, so many emotions ran through our hearts. At one point Rita informed me that she didn't want to go out anymore. I panicked. I told her that I still wanted to go out. That I couldn't stay in the house for the whole weekend. She was amazingly cool with it and explained "I am bugging out. I can't go out tonight." I responded with "Well, okay, but I still gotta get out of the house." About 10 minutes later, Rita apologizes again for not wanting to go out and all I say back is "I totally understand. But I still want to get out of the house." She again handles it wonderfully and turns back to the television. We sit quietly and finish the movie we are watching. I get in the shower and think about what is happening. She doesn't want to go out because this whole thing is hitting her hard today. I feel myself start to lose my cool and I begin to lose it in the shower. I don't know how to help her with this. I hurt too bad to ask her to talk about it. For the first time since I have known her, I can't ask her to tell me how she is feeling because I am afraid that I will lose my defense and break entirely. I stay in the shower until I feel like I have regained control. I decide to ask her to play "Boggle" and then maybe bring up why she is feeling so bad. I come out of the bathroom and go into my room to dress. About 15 minutes later I emerge and Rita has gone to bed. Over the next hour I debated what to do. I knew that I didn't want to go out anywhere with her feeling like this. I stood in front of her door and just listened. I walked around and played with the cat. I even sat and had a cigarette or three on the couch and thought "if she comes out, I will catch her and sit her down to talk." But she didn't come out and I didn't go in. Gosh, this is hard. Almost impossible. I feel just as bad as her and instead of confronting it so that we both could release a bit, I run away to my bedroom and get onto the computer to type this entry. I have been typing for over two hours now and while I thought that it would help, it hasn't. I still want to go into her room, climb in bed with her and just let her cry to me. But I don't know if I can. She and I have handled this whole thing very maturely. But we haven't confronted it with eachother because we are both afraid that it will debilitate us when we know we have so much to do. To get this move done successfully. I guess this is all I have to say. This is where Rita and I are at now with the big change that is happening. I had to lay some of it down. There's just so much...

 OOOH! ONE MORE THING! As if life wasn't ironic enough...remember how I called the "Gap" yesterday to see if I could go by to get my paychecks? Well, I was fucking nervous to confront the situation, but I did. I know it all turned out well, but before I called, I nearly had diarhea in my khakis. Then I get home last night and my paychecks are sitting in the mailbox! I mean! Are we fucking serious? If I had just waited one more day, I wouldn't have had to talk to them at all. Whatever. It felt good to be an adult and confront the situation head-on. Plus, if I hadn't called, I guarantee that God wouldn't have allowed the paychecks to come so soon. He wanted me to be a man about it. I just know it.

 Today is the most beautiful day of the year. The sun is shining. The birds are chirping. And all of the snow is turning into a flood that is wiping away all the homeless people, subway garbage, and even venereal diseases. Its pretty great. You almost dont need a jacket. Isnt it weird how when its summer, a 46 degree day could kill a man, but in the winter, a 46 degree day will warm up your balls? I dont really understand metaphysics, but Im willing to write it off as gaylord. Can you tell that I am in a good mood today? I dont feel as tired as I have felt all week. I dont feel as emotionally beaten down. I just feel plain good. Having Paul stay at my place last night was the fucking best. Rita made Breakfast for Dinner and we ate like hogs. I made brownies for my two roomies and Paul managed to shove half the pan in his face before we went to bed. Paul has this theory about brownies. Brownies are a dessert that you eat periodically through the evening. Its best to get started early, so that the pan can be finished and cleaned before bed. Hmm. Sick. Paul and I literally laughed all night long and when we went to bed we continued to do the same. We didnt even come close to hooking up, which is something he and I are working through right now. But there is also another reason why we havent been touching. You see, I use this steroid cream on my dick to get rid of this little patch of dry skin that I have. I use a little every couple of days. Well, on Sunday, I put extra steroid cream on the head of my dick and then on Monday morning I did the same thing. By Monday evening, I had completely destroyed my cock. When I woke up on Tuesday, I noticed that I had a SHEET of skin pealing off my dick. When I play with the skin on and around my penis, it crinkles and looks like the top layer of a pan of brownies. Its fucking gross and Rita says that I need to start wearing underwear again. Someone please help my yiddle cock and balls. In other news, Rita and I are meeting up with Kelly to measure our apartment tonight. I am excited to see the place again. I havent been back there since we first saw it. How exciting! Todays a good day for looking at apartments and going to happy hour afterwards. Oh. Did I mention that we were going to happy hour afterwards? Cuz we are going to happy hour afterwards. How fun to be able to scope out our new neighborhood! We were originally going to have dinner together, but as Kelly said today: Im just lovin liquid dinners! Yem! Just got off the phone with Mariah. Dammit she is being super amazing about this whole moving thing. She will be at my apartment on Thursday night to help with any last minute packing. Then she is getting up bright and early with us Friday morning in order to help us move our shit to Times Square. She is being incredibly sensitive to my feelings about this whole thing. I have so few friends in the city and now is the time when I need them to come through for me. And so far, they all are. Paul has stepped up to the plate. Mariah is there for me WHENEVER I need her. Everyone at work is asking lots of questions and being very supportive. And then there is my brother and parents who are nothing, but excited for me and for this whole process. I told Mariah how badly I needed her to be around after Rita moves; that I am not going to have many people to hang out with since Paul and Kelly both work evenings. She gets out of work at 6pm every day and she told me that it takes her 15 minutes to get to Times Square. She has volunteered to sleep over and to take me out whenever I want. I feel very lucky to have these people be so wonderful to me. Hey, if you arent going to have more than 5 friends in NYC, its best that they be GREAT ones. And they are. Kelly is very lucky to have the life that she does in the city. She has a ton of friends, a new theater company that she is working on, and a great job. I want to have the same stuff to keep me busy. This move will hopefully provide me with that same type of lifestyle. I am very proud of Kelly for achieving this for herself. If I can just focus on that, then maybe this move wont be so damn hard. Thats why we are moving anyway. Its time to get down to business in this city. I seem to be the only one who hasnt started anything. Now, its my turn. In any caseRitas going away party for work is in an hour. Of course I am planning the entire thing. Now I must go buy her a cake and Clementines . Her two favorite pleasures! ROCK OUT GIRLS OF 21ST STREET!

 So, I dont know what the deal is I just called the Gap to find out when I could go in to pick up my last paycheck. I spoke to two managers and both were very excited to hear from me. OMIGOD Joe! Where have you been? We want to see you!blah blah blah. I then asked to talk to the head manager (manager on duty) and she and I had the following conversation: Manager on duty: Joe! How have you been? Me: Good. I was wondering when would be a good time for me to come in to pick up my remaining paychecks. MOD: Well, first I want to let you know that we miss you greatly around here, but we are also a little upset that you werent as communicative over the last two months as you should have been. Me: Yes, I know. I apologize for that. Its been a crazy couple of months, but I think things have finally settled down and now I am ready to get back into the swing of things. MOD: Great. Well, why dont you come by the office and we will fill out a new availability form for you and we can get you started right away. Me: Oh. Actually, I wasnt planning on returning to work there. Thank you for everything youve done for me, but I am going to have to say no. MOD: I am very sorry to hear that. Well, come by to get your paychecks and if you want to work here in the future, just ask to speak to me. Me: Thank you very much. I do appreciate it. MOD: Bye Joe. Me: BYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! OK.WHA?!?!?! Rita called and quit for me over two months ago. And I havent contacted them since. And they STILL want me to work there? One of the managers told me that I made a very good impression on them and they missed having me around the store. UmI worked there for 5 weeks. I cant believe them. I feel bad now. They are so good to me. I will have to make sure not to burn this bridge. I mean, what if I need a retail job in the future? HA! NEVER! Anyway Today has been incredibly stressful at work. So much to do and so little time to do it. Of course I refuse to stay any later than 5pm. I mean, seriously. Pay me what I am worth and then I will make sure everything is taken care of. But they have chosen to pay me peanuts. So I never stay late. You pay for what you get. Grrrrr Tomorrow night, Kelly and I show Rita our new apartment. We are going to take some measurements, so we can figure out what we are keeping and what we are throwing away. I reserved our Budget truck today and it seems as though everything is going pretty smoothly. I just gotta make sure we get enough boxes for all of our shit. And at some point I should probably get my act together with all of this. I have yet to take even one picture off of my bedroom walls. I dont want to start the process, cuz then the move becomes reality. And who wants to deal with this reality? Paul wasnt able to stay at my apartment last night. He ended up having to work until real late. He said he will stay tonight, but who knows I loved his card and flowers yesterday. It made my whole day. But what I really want is for him to be around a bit more. I need him right now. Not flowers. About 10 minutes until I go home. Rita and I are making dinner tonight. I think we are having hangar steaks or something. She is doing most of the cooking and I am doing most of the eating. Okayso get this shit! Just as I start typing about Paul not being around a lotthe phone rings at work! Paul got off his shift for tonight and is coming over right after work! Now he will be able to eat dinner with Rita and I! UMWHAT IS GOING ON!?!?! Yesterday I was writing about how Paul fucked up the night before and really upset me. As I was writing the entry, Paul showed up at work with the flowers and the card. Then just now, I am typing about him and me not seeing him and he calls and says that he is going right over to my apartment at 6ish. Are he and I on some sort of psychic connection these days?? Yay. I am so happy to be able to spend the night with him. YAY! Alrighttime to go piss and get on the subway. Although I could wait and do it right on the train. No one would know. This city smells like piss and fart all the time anyway. Latas!

 CAN YA BELIEVE THE AMOUNT OF SNOW IN NYC??? DAYIM! I woke up, yesterday morning, at 7am to find that the city had been buried under about 18 inches of snow. I looked out the front window of our apartment and saw that not one car was brave enough to tackle the treacherous roads. It was at that point that I called Rita on her cell phone (from the house phone) to tell her that there was no way that we would be going to work. After a few phone calls, Rita and I were in for our first and only snow day of the year. We put on some jackets and gloves and went to the deli to get ourselves some soup and soda. Once we got back to the apartment, we were happy to find Kelly sitting on my bed, excited for the snow day to begin. We all got under blankets and watched Minority Report . I fell immediately back to sleep, so happy to be in my bed on a Monday morning. Kelly and Rita watched the movie as I lay snoring my face off. I woke up sometime around 1:30pm to find them gone from my room. I climbed out of bed to find Kellys sister, Aly, and her 5 teenage girl friends chilling in our living room. (They had come down for a whirlwind 48-hour visit) The rest of the day was spent drinking beers and playing cards. I had a very good time and I know that Kelly was happy that Rita and I spent the day with her sisters friends. I havent seen Paul since Friday night and I was really missing him yesterday. I was supposed to go over to his place on Sunday night, but I was pretty hungover from the night out with Joanna and frankly, I want to spend as much time in my house as possible these days. Paul was a bit pissed that I didnt go over to his place, but was still planning on staying at my pad last night. I must have called him 37 times yesterday trying to figure out what time he was coming over. At about 9:30pm I started to give up and assumed that he was ditching me, the way I ditched him on Sunday. Paul called around 10:30pm to check in. Here was our conversation: Me: Hey. Where have you been? Ive been calling all day. Paul: Sleeping. It was a long night at work and I just wanted to come home and take a nap. Me: So, should I assume that you arent coming over? Paul: Yeah. I dont feel like it. Im still pretty tired. Me: Paul, whats wrong? You knew how badly I wanted to see you today. Paul: I wanted to see YOU last night and you wanted to stay home. Me: First of all, I am at your place at least triple the amount of times that you come to mine. Paul, you know I n------!!!!!! (As I was typing this entry, Paul came into my office with a card and flowers. He just showed up. He never does that. Wow. What he did just now is why I am with him. How amazing.) Basically, I tried to explain to Paul last night that I really need him right now and that I dont feel like he wants to be there for me. Eventually I started sobbing to him on the phone about how sad I was and that with each day ending, we are one day closer to moving out of our apartment in Queens. At the peak of my crying, I said: I just feel like the world is crumbling around me. Paul responded by saying: Oh Joe, you are so dramatic. The world is NOT crumbling around you. At that point, I hung up on him. I lay there in my bed crying and crying for about 15 more minutes. I took the phone off the hook and forced myself to try to go to sleep. At 1:30am, I was still awake and miserable. I put the phone back on the hook and stared at the ceiling until much after 2am, when I finally drifted off. When I woke up this morning, not only was I exhausted, I just felt emotionally void. Its been awhile since Ive cried so much, on such a regular basis. The pain of Ritas move keeps getting more intense and Im almost at the point where I just want the move date to come so that all of this aching will go away. I know she feels the same. This is the hardest thing I have had to deal with in a long time. While I know that this move to Manhattan is good for me While I know that Rita needs to move back to Syracuse in order to give her life new direction While I know that everything happens for a reason. I cant convince myself that I want all of this to happen. It seems like just yesterday that we all made the decision to move on. Cept it wasnt yesterday. It was November. And March seemed years away. Now we are nearing the one-week point and I feel as though the weight of sadness just gets increasingly more unbearable. I am not one to sit around and talk about how I am feeling. At least not when the feelings are so intensely bad. I usually run away. I hide in my room, or I stay over at a friends apartment and I ignore that which I need to confront. This time, however, I care too much about Rita leaving to spend even a second away from her. I dont want to hide. And I surely dont want her to have to deal with this alone. Surely its not the end of the world. But days like today give me a whole in my chest the size of Vesuvius. Thats MT. Vesuvius, just in case you were wondering. Itll all be ok. Itll all be fine. :( I just read Pauls card. Here is what it says: Joseph, (He always calls me by my full name) I do not always seem sensitive to situations, but I apologize about that. I know what you are going through and how it feels. It hurts so bad to lose someone who is so close to you! (I have been through it) I want you to know that I am here for you. I will try to make more of an effort to be with you during this trying time. I have been selfish and I am sorry! I miss you so much right now, but I feel like I do not deserve your presence. There is a reason for everything, and only time heals. Take one day at a time and prepare yourself for the future. You have so many people around you that love you. You just have to allow them to do that!! Keep your chin up and look for the positives and new beginning. I love and care about you SO much Joe Cut the Shit. Love, Paul Of course, because I am a lame ass crybaby, I got choked up the minute I read what he wrote. Pauls not big on saying things from the heart. But this time he got me good. He totally made up for our fight last night and even more importantly, he has made me feel comforted in the fact that he is in love with me and that I really am not alone. Thank God for him. Oh! Just so you know, Paul DID in fact give me a Valentines Day gift this year. He got me flowers, some candy (fat free of course), a pair of Jeans from Armani Exchange, and also a shirt from Express. Mens Express. Yes, it really does exist. I loved the clothes, but even more so, I loved the fact that Paul made the effort to make my Valentines Day extra special. It was a wonderful day for us. It went smoothly and for the first time in 3 years, I had a beautiful V-Day. So thats that. Kinda got a lot going on. So grateful for this journal. Its like the only sane thing in my life these days. Its the one place where I can truly release.

 urlLink HOLLA! Sup dawgs!?!? I came into work furious today and for some reason I am in a slamming good mood right now. I think it might have something to do with the amazing phone conversation I had with Mariah, but I'm not entirely sure. She informed me that not only is she meeting me out for drinks before Paul's birthday adventure, she is also staying over at his apartment with me too! AMAZING. I was really dreading going to this bar with Paul tonight. It is a cruisey, slimy, and horrible bar, but it's "All-you-can-drink for $10". I mean, really. How can I complain. Thing is, Paul doesn't take care of me while we are there. He is busy watching Boys Gone Wild on the mini-televisions while I give angry looks to all of the old men who undress me with their eyes. The place is sick and I was completely UN-excited. But now that Mariah is going to go to the bar with us AND staying over at his place, there is no worry. The three of us get along like baby triplets. Tonight is sure to be a blast. Rita and I drove to work today cuz she has to leave at 4pm to go to Syracuse. She's got a lot to do in the next couple of days. Does the whirlwind ever stop? Parking the car in the city this morning was complete and utter beastmaster. I had to leave her in the car in order to make it up to the office on time. Rita came in flustered and hating life about 45 minutes later. If I were her, I probably would have driven down Broadway and all the way home. Yet, here we all are. My bosses, Ari, Rita and myself. One big mother fucking family. can we leave now? During my lunch break today, I must go get Paul's Valentines and birthday gifts. What I need to do is cut this bush of a hair-style I got goin. Unfortunately, I don't have nearly enough time to do that. I know I am buying him an alarm clock for his bedroom. And also a box of chocolates. (Gotta stick to some sort of tradition here.) I also need to get him a card, an electric toothbrush, and maybe a cup of my cum. You know how it goes. I am sure Paul is spending most of his free time shopping for me, so yeah... go fuck yourself Joe. You ain't gettin shit. Paul is currently working at two jobs right now. One of the jobs is for a darling little restaurant in the East Village. He is waiting tables and he absolutely hates being there. Total amount of money he has made at this job in the last week: $350. The other job Paul has is as a bartender for a very expensive chain restaurant in Hell's Kitchen. He loves the job there and the people have been treating him very well. He has already started to build a semi-regular clientele. Total amount of money Paul made there on Monday night: $400. You read that right. 400 fucking dollars for 7 hours of work. Now. While I was extremely happy for him and filled with relief, I explained that he should ditch this "serving" job and work only as a bartender. "But I don't work at the bar enough and I need to make as much money as I can." Fine. Makes sense. Cept today, he has to go late to the bar job because he is working as a waiter during the day. I told him that he should really think again about only working as the bartender. "Your bar job is not going to give you the shifts you want if they know that they are competing with another employer." Paul responds with: "YOU are the last person I want to talk to about this right now." huh? What did I do?? I just gave my opinion. Obviously Paul was a bit stressed out this morning. I just let it go and got off the phone. Damn birthday boy. You gonna get some fucking birthday spanks later. right in the face! So what else? I have an apartment in Times Square. Oooooh yes! Hmmm....last night for dinner I had chicken cutlets slathered with macaroni and cheese (sharp cheddar style). Yeah it was fucking good. After I ate it, I laid clutching my stomach for about 20 minutes. For some reason I thought that I had salmonilla, but then realized that it was gluttony and I then I just laid there embarrassed. Stop it Joe. Eat granola and apples like real little boys. My mom sent me the most adorable Valentine's Day package. In it was tons of candy and a secret surprise. The surprise was a special St. Patick's Day package. What is my mom? The best? I haven't opened the St. Patty's package yet. I am saving it for tomorrow. If Paul doesn't get me anything, at least I can count on my mom. Too bad it's sick and against the law to marry your mother. Then I would have gifts for every special event! Ugh. I sent her a teddy bear and thank you bag for her V-day gift. I never usually send her anything. I just take her gifts and say thank you. But this year, I wanted to do something for her. Unfortunately, my parents 27th anniversary is on the 21st. More money to spend that I don't have. Whatever. I am getting really good at budgeting my money these days. It's like I am waiting for the other shoe to drop. Why do I have my money in order? Is there a secret bill out there calling my name? Please don't find me. I like having enough my money to get by. At least until I move into Manhattan. YIPES. Okay...back to work. Leaving soon to buy my boy some special gifts. :)

 WELL! WE GOT THE APARTMENT!!!!!! Kelly and I just finished interviewing with the landlord and signing the lease! OMIGODOMIGODOMIGODOMIGODOMIGODYAY! I can't believe this. Not only are we going to live in Manhattan, we are living in TIMES SQUARE! Gosh. This is about the best thing to happen to me in forever. I was praying so feverishly that this would work out. I prayed that if it was God's will, we would get this place. AND IT WAS GOD'S WILL and WE GOT THE PLACE! Man, I am overwhelmed with joy and relief. Just so we all know, there is a LAZAR TAG place right across the street from my new apartment AND there is a McDonald's RIGHT AROUND THE CORNER! And they DELIVER! AY YI YI! I don't know. This is all just so great. Thank you God! Thank you Kelly's parents! Thank you my parents! And just...well...thank you. Tonight I am going home and nursing this headache and weary body of mine. I need some sleep. Paul informed me earlier today that he wants to go out tomorrow night for his birthday. I explained that I have to work on Friday morning and couldn't go and his reply was: "IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!!!" So yeah. I will be going out with Paul tomorrow night. And want to hear the best part? We aren't even going out until 11:30pm. Ugh. But he IS the birthday boy. Okay...back to work. Days like today are so hard to come by. Thank you again Lord.

 Do I dare show my face in here? I mean, I have been gone for so long, there is no way that you don't hate me. Ah well. At least I can't see or hear your anger and resentment. I will just pretend as though you don't really feel that way. (snickers) SO HI! Gosh. Where do I begin? So much shit is going down right now and in order to explain it all, I am going to have to do a brief synapsis of each thing. Ok? Ok. Let 'er rip! 1) First, foremost, and most importantly, Rita is leaving NYC, two weeks from Saturday. She has been feverishly looking for a new job/apartment in Syracuse and today she found out that she has accomplished half of her goal. She and her boyfriend, Andy, will be living in what we hope will be a beautiful little house with a white picket fence and maybe a swingset in the backyard. Well, maybe not a swingset just yet...but we can still hope. She has two job interviews lined up for this Friday and if all goes well, she will be employed AND have a place to rest her pretty little red head. So, while she is hastily making plans to move, Kelly and I are doing the same. We have found a charming place right in the heart of Times Square. Can ya believe it?!?! The place is extremely small, but the bedrooms are both a good size and the bathroom is bigger than the one we currently have. The refridgerator? Yeah, it's in the living room. This is the first apartment Kelly and I looked at and we knew immediately that we wanted to jump on it. I mean...it's in the heart of Times Square! What am I? Big and important now??? I don't want to jinx it. Kelly and I are meeting with the landlord today at 2:30pm to sign the lease. God willing, it will all go well. I must admit, the apartment is a bit out of our price range, but I think we have figured out a way to make it work. Please keep us in your prayers. Not only would I be proud to live in this place...our apartment search will be completed. Then we can just stress about moving and that's it! 2) I have been having quite a few emotional breakdowns these days. Kelly had a big attack on Sunday and Rita and I both sat there knowing exactly how she felt. I just think that we aren't ready yet to confront this "moving" thing head on. Paul has been ironically supportive throughout this entire period. I rarely cry with him, but over the last two weeks, I find that the minute he asks me how the "move" is going, I break down into hysterics. Last night he came over to my place to sleep and within 20 minutes I was sobbing about how I can't handle the fact that Rita is leaving. He just sits there saying: "I know" and "We'll get through it". I sit there with tears flowing out of my face. Eventually I just fell asleep with Paul holding me. Tears staining my pillow. (or was that a jizz stain I saw this morning?) I know that Rita and Kelly feel these emotions too. Yet still, I am most concerned about me right now. I have never hurt this bad over someone leaving. Am I going to be alright? 3) I met someone who reads my site! My good friend, Randy, came to NYC last Friday and he met up with Rita, Paul, and I at Jakes for some cheap drinks. I was hella nervous and vomited five times on the subway. Ok, it was invisible vomit, but it still smelled like shit! I didn't know what I was going to think of him and was unsure as to the idea of connecting (in person) with a reader. In any case, the meeting went better than I could have ever imagined. Randy is quite adorable and has the personality of a genius. He made me laugh and more importantly, made me so comfortable with him. As we know, I have about zero gay male friends, and this kid is someone I hope will become my first! He is moving to NYC soon and will be applying to graduate school. I was impressed and relieved to know that my instincts were not wrong about this fella. Randy is amazing and he won the "Rita stamp of approval". Paul, on the otherhand, was a fucking weirdo all night and barely said two words. He sat there like a jealous bitch and couldn't break out of the funk to become a part of the conversation at any point. In the cab, he and I had a little spat about it and I can tell you that he definitely didn't get his dick sucked that night! or the night after. 4) Last night I spent two hours on the phone with Mariah's roommate, Jo. I called to talk to Mariah and two hours later, Jo informs me that she wasn't at home. I have always really liked Jo, but never have the chance to see her. This weekend all of my friends are either busy working or away in Syracuse, so I made plans to hang out with her. We are to have drinks in the city sometime around 9pm. How great?!!?! She is one of the easiest people to talk to and I believe that she truly understands me when I open my mouth. I talked to her alot about Rita moving and she was nothing short of incredible about the whole thing. She let me get it off my chest and she gave me some wonderful words of encouragement. I think I am truly going to enjoy having her around once Rita takes off. I have very few friends in the city that I like to see on a regular basis and Jo is going to be one of them. I just know it! 5) I decided to keep my site the way it is. There will be no password blocking and I am not changing the link. I am doing my best at retaining my restored faith in people, but it is quite a challenge. As long as y'all behave yourselves. You know who you are! winkles! 6) Paul's birthday is Friday. Yes, it's also on Valentine's Day. I get screwed each year! (not like I don't get screwed even when it's not his birthday. To start out the day, I ordered this urlLink Aphrodesiac Garden for him. He LOVES plants and LOVES taking care of them. (maybe if I were a garden, he would tend to me a bit better...) This surprise should be delivered to him early in the day. I think he will really like it. After work, I am going to his apartment to take him out to a sushi lunch. After that we will probably have a nice nap and cuddle on the couch. I still have to make dinner reservations for us, but with it being Valentine's Day, I have no idea where we are going to go. Every place will be so crowded and I don't want to make the same mistake I did last year. urlLink Click here to read February 15th's entry from last year. Being gay and going out to dinner on Valentine's Day is always a challenge. I just have to make sure that this year we do it right. Fuck you AGAIN Bill's Gay Nineties ! Fucking lame ass old people homophobic bad karma livin douchebags. So we will see! I still gotta go buy him some special little gifts. Please God let him do something nice for me. That's probably it for right now. I'm sure there's more, but right now I gotta get some shit done. BTW, I upgraded to Blogger Pro and then immediately asked for a refund. Be careful folks. You will not get what you wish for. Alrighty...wish me luck at my lease signing!!! If this works out today, I will be very pleased. I can't believe that I could really be living in the heart of Times Square! This location will be so convenient for when I get into my numerous Broadway shows. I mean, I can just walk out of the stage door and into my home in a matter of minutes. (Big sigh) Can I be in a Broadway show now? and boom.

 Hello. Where have I been? I know. I am sorry for what I have done. I have left you without any warning. BUT I have decided to re-work this site. All I ask is that you give me a couple more days to do it. I hate having to ask you to wait and keep checking back, but I have an idea and I think it will work well for the both of us. You understand. Don't you? I appreciate any and all traffic to this site. I want you to keep coming. But with my life being in a place of chaos, I can't afford this journal to do the same. I am fixing things. Please come back to me.



 Back from my weekend at home and sitting at my desk Unfortunately, this weekend didnt turn out the way that I thought it would. I was so excited to be with my parents and so excited to be out of NYC that I really believed getting away would be the best release. And to tell the truth, the first 10 minutes of the trip was indeed that way. After we finished dinner on Friday night, my dad informed my mother and I that he had something he needed to tell us. In unison, we all lit up cigarettes and listened to my dad tell us how my brother has received new orders and will be shipping out to Baghdad on Easter Sunday. Originally, we were told that he would be a part of a peace-keeping mission and that he wouldnt go to war for at least a couple more months. According to my father, my brother burst into tears on the phone with him and went on and on about how scared and angry he is at this war. He was so together about it before, but now that its becoming a reality, he doesnt want anything to do with it. He doesnt want to fight. He doesnt want to kill. He is the boy we knew he was all along. Hearing that Winfield is so upset and frightened made us even that much more depressed. After my dad relayed the news to us, my mom immediately started to cry. The news hit me like a ton of bricks and all I could was sit there stone-faced and stare at my father, the words going in one ear and out the other. I had no idea how to comprehend the idea that my little brother would be going to Baghdad. We sat and discussed the scenario for a little bit and then we all agreed that it would be best to put it out of our minds for the rest of the evening. Winfield was to call on Saturday and we would discuss it with him then. Slowly, but surely, we got drunk and had a good time together. When I went to bed on Friday night, I watched my usual 15-minute dosage of CNN to catch up on any developing news that I might have missed. I ended up sitting on my bed, wracked with sobs for a very long time. I was so angry and frustrated and I felt as though I wanted to tear my bedroom up into a million pieces. It took all the strength I had not to destroy everything in arms reach. The pain and anguish I felt was so intense. As the tears flowed, I clenched my hands as tight as I could, punched my legs over and over, and well, did whatever I could to make the pain go away. Eventually I burned myself out and I lay down exhausted from allowing all of this emotion to flow out of my body. On Saturday, we did in fact go see a movie and out to dinner. It was a nice day, but each one of us was carrying a heavy heart the entire time. Winfield didnt end up calling and we assumed that he was too upset to talk to us. Just before we left for the movie, we were all sitting in my living room watching TV. Out of nowhere, my mom starts crying and crying. She kept saying: This hurts too bad. I dont think I can do this. What are we going to do?? My dad remained calm and somehow I managed to keep my act together too. We let her cry herself out and comforted her in the best way that we could. Watching my mom cry in desperation was one of the worst moments I have ever had in my life. She seemed so helpless and afraid. And it was exactly how I was feeling. Eventually, my mom pulled herself together and we all hugged each other for a very long time. I said: We have to stick together on this. No one can deal with this alone. Saturday night was probably the most relaxing time of the whole weekend, but it was still filled with underlying anxiety. I went to bed at 11:30pm and watched mindless TV until I could finally fall asleep. Yesterday was tough. I had lunch with my parents before I left to go back to NYC. They made tacos, cuz they know how much I love them. I dont know how I found the appetite, but I did and ended up shoving my face with a lot of Mexican before I got on the train. When I hugged my mom goodbye, we held each other for longer than usual. She told me to call her if I ever need to talk. She told me that she loves me more than I will ever know. She told me to be safe. And then I turned and left the house. My dad picked up Mariah and we went to the train station. The mood in the car was rather somber, but we got through it. Mariah could tell that something was up, but waited until I said goodbye to my dad to inquire about it. My dad, like my mom, held me for a long time at the train station. The tears threatened to overwhelm me, so I kissed him and said goodbye. I turned and walked away without looking back. I informed Mariah of the latest news and she was incredibly supportive. We only spoke about it for a couple of minutes as I found that I couldnt keep my shit together. She hugged me for a bit and then we decided to get some beer on the train. For the ride home, we did our best to make up games and laugh. It worked for the most part, but the minute I got off the train, I just wanted to get into bed. I walked from Port Authority in the rain. The last place that I wanted to be was in NYC. If I could have found any excuse for staying in Albany, I would have. I cant stand the thought of my parents having to go through all of this alone. I cant stand having to be separated from them during this time. Winfield is the love of our lives and I know that the only thing any of us want right now is for things to go back to being normal. I got home around 7pm and immediately went to my room. I called my parents as soon as I walked through my bedroom door and they informed me that my brothers leave date has been postponed again. He is tentatively leaving on May 10th now. GOD! I was relieved, but also exasperated at this stupid ARMY that breaks your heart 50 times before they actually break it for real. My parents were very positive on the phone and told me that the later he goes into battle, the better chance there is for his safety. They also told me that Winfield worked 15-hour days on both Saturday and Sunday and that was the reason for his not calling. And I guess thats about it. I feel like I am made of glass today. I am barely holding it together. The only thing I want is to be left alone. I feel warn down and I think that if I am pushed in any way, I might break and fall apart completely. The last thing I want to do is talk about any of this with any of my friends. My Uncle Brad just called to talk about the California plans for this summer and I had to tell him that today was not the day to discuss it. I got the feeling that he felt bad having me push him off, but I just didnt want to talk. I plan on leaving work tonight and spending the evening with Paul. He is the only person I want to see right now. Maybe after I reconnect with him, I will feel a bit more rejuvenated. He is the only person that I want to hug me and he is the only one that I want to cry to. If I didnt have him right now, I dont know what I would do. The war has only been going on for two weeks yet my emotions feel stretched to the limits, as though it has been going on for months. I am worried and I am sad. I feel helpless and like I cant get control over anything in my life. When all I want to do is protect my brother, I find that I can do nothing, but pray. My mom said one thing this weekend that struck me so deeply. She said: Without faith in God, how would we ever be able to deal with this? And she is so right. If I didnt have God to go to and to count on, there would be no way that I could look at any of this in a positive light. God is in control and I have to trust that his plan will be done. He will protect Winfield and he will keep us all sane. But for now, I dont want to talk about it. For now, I want to heal myself from the inside out.

 FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDA KAHLO Rock out! I leave in an hour to go to Port Authority. I am very VERY excited to go home this weekend. Not leaving the city since Christmas has really taken its toll on me. I think this may have been the longest I have ever gone without leaving the 5 boroughs. And with the spring weather hitting us, I am even more excited to be in the fresh, open, Albany air. Gosh, the boner I am sporting is HUGE. YAY. Tonight is Wasted Night with my parents. Tomorrow, we are going to the food court in the mall and then off to watch a movie. My parents love the food court in the mall and I must admit, so do I. I can get a slice of pizza, french fries, and tacos all at the same time! I mean, DAYIM! There doesnt seem to be too much showing this weekend as far as cinema is concerned. My parents have these free movie passes they use and sometimes Hoyts blocks the newest movies that come out for at least two weeks. So, we are going to try to see The Core, although I must admit that it looks cheesified. What are the other options? How to Lose a Guy in 10 days or Bringing Down the House, which will probably be what we end up going to if The Core is blocked. My mom loves Steve Martin (as do I) and I am just in love with that Queen Lateef! She can do no wrong in my eyes. I will stay up late, sleep late, and eat eat eat. Oh Joe, like you need to eat anymore than you already do. I mean, the fly on my pants isnt FULLY busted yet, so why not keep going?? Things with Paul and I are going so well that its almost as though we just started dating. Last night he calls me at 6:30pm to see if I was getting ready to go out. I told him that I was taking a nap to get ready and he said that he was doing the same. I then hinted that maybe we could not go out and just hang at my place and have dinner. He totally went for the idea! I was shocked. Paul has one night a week that he can go out and drink and he gave up his one night to be with me, alone. I was very happy to say the least. Paul arrived at my apartment at 7pm and we ordered ourselves some dinner. We also made an oatmeal cookie that is easily the size of Kansas. We spent the night watching Must see TV and eating ourselves into an oblivion. Just the way we like it! Our night was filled with laughter and small kisses and hugs. I felt calm, relaxed, and so happy. As we fell asleep, we were suctioned to each other like literal peas in a pod. It was so great. I woke up this morning at 6am, from having a terrible nightmare (as I have been having just about every night these days), and Paul turned over and asked me if I was ok. I told him that I had a bad dream and he wrapped his body around me until I fell back to sleep. It was wonderful. At 9am, Paul left my place and I got into the shower. When I returned to my room to get dressed, there was a little note on my bed that said: Have a great weekend with your parents. I cant wait to spend more time with you. I love you so much Joseph. If things keep going the way they are, I will really feel as though our relationship is going to achieve levels that I was previously sure were impossible to reach. When Paul wants to be this much a part of our relationship, I fall in love with him over and over again, every single day. Basically, when things are going well with Paul, everything else in my life seems to go much better. So this morning, as I am getting on the subway at Columbus Circle, this lady (who I dont think was homeless, but was definitely dirty looking) gets on through the same doorway entrance that I use. We stand on the subway together, holding onto the same pole and just before she gets off at 86th street, she turns towards me, looks in my eyes, and screams: BALK! in my face. I jumped out of my skin and backed away from her. She turns and exits the subway and I move back to the pole I was holding. As the doors to the subway close, she turns to face me, points her finger in my face and goes: BALK! I was pissed at her for screaming balk! at me again, so I burst out laughing in her face. I just laughed and laughed and as the subway started to move out of the station, she kept going BALK BALK BALK BLAK while watching me through the windows. It was SO WEIRD! Cuz what is BALK?? And why am I balk? I decided that I hate balk. In other newsmy shoulder is getting much better. The pinched nerve is slowly working its way out. I can almost turn my neck all the way to the left AND I can get out of bed on my own now. I dont need Paul to pull me up by my arms. I figure that it will be fully healed by next week. Then I can start masturbating upside down with hooks hanging out of my eyelids, like I usually do. Ok, shits getting strange in here now. I am going home. (HEY DOV!) Alright, have a great weekend yall. Be back soon with more stories of how scary, dirty ladies call me Balk!

 Its almost the weekend and I am very happy! (I wrote that in a singsong voice, but when I just read it aloud it came across boring. Sing that first line to the tune of na-na-na-na-na-na oh god nevermind. Trying to describe the tune of a song in words is fruitless. And I only deal with the fruitful!) Anyhoodle I am really excited to go home tomorrow. In fact, that is a complete understatement! I am MADD excited to go home tomorrow. Mothers Against Drunk Driving has nothing on me! The weather has been unbelievable lately and every time I get off the subway at work I smell the Hudson River in the air and that makes my insides go all mushy. (cuz the Hudson River runs from my work all the way up to my neighborhood) I love the suburbs. How could I not? I spent 21 years of my life in them. So going home tomorrow, when the weather is amazing is just about the best thing on the planet. My parents and I will have some wine while sitting on our deck in lawn chairs and we will breathe the fresh and clear air of Albany, NY. Cept we will also be smoking our brains off and that makes the air not so fresh. EITHER WAY YAY! When I spoke with my mom earlier today, she asked me how I would feel about having buffalo chicken roll ups for dinner tomorrow night. But mom, what are buffalo chicken roll ups? Moms: They are buffalo chicken sandwiches rolled up into something that resembles a pita pocket. But its not pita and instead of a pocket, there is a ton of blue cheese in it. Joe: YUM! Moms: So what do you think? Do you want to have that for dinner? Joe: YUM! Moms: Sohmm.do you want to have it?? Joe: YUM! Moms: Joe, do you want to have this for dinner or not? Joe: YEM!? Moms: Whats yem mean? Joe: It means YUM! Moms: (hysterically laughing) So you havent answered my questiondo you want this for dinner or not? Joe: Moms, I think I have answered your question already. Moms: Okay fine. So we will have buffalo chicken roll ups. Joe: SICK! Who could eat such a thing?!?! Moms: But you just said YEM! At this point, I couldnt stop hysterically laughing at the fact that she cant stop saying yem, so I say: HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. You said YEM! Buffalo Chicken Rolls ups sound amazing. I cant wait to see this woman. Both her and my dad make me happier than anything else. So LAST NIGHT Paul took me out to dinner at Leshkos in the East Village. We had THREE COURSES! It was a BIT ridiculous as to how much we ate, but after we left, I asked him if we could stop for dessert. Paul reminded me that we just finished a brownie sundae and a cheesecake and I reminded him that I was doing my best to grow up into a fat beastie, and he said that I could have butter cookies when we got home. I said ok and ate 37 of them the minute I got the chance. We both laid in bed farting and clutching our stomachs for at least an hour before falling asleep. In other newshad lunch with my boss today. Thought that I was going to be yelled at for one reason or another, but instead I had two glasses of wine and waxed philosophical about whatever shit came into my mind. I always think that lunch with my boss is going to be some big and scary thing, but every time it turns out that he just wants someone to sit with him and talk for an hour. Ehfine with me. Tonight I am off to THE HOLE to pay $10 for all I can drink. Want to know something weird? When I just typed THE HOLE, I said the words to myself in a very deep and scary voice. I was like the HOLLLE . Then I laughed at myself. Yeah, it was pretty weird. OkI have been doing TOO MUCH playing today and now I have about 3 piles of work to get done before I go home. Maybe something exciting will happen tonight and then tomorrow I can relay stories of drunken sex and debauchery. Are sex and debauchery the same thing? Hmmmeither way, I hope they both happen to me tonight. ROCK!

 Well ladies and gentleman, it turns out that I have a pinched nerve in my left shoulder. The specialist I met with this morning felt around my back and told me that I am all jammed up. He said that I have knots upon knots in my back and that I need to start changing my sleeping and relaxation patterns. No more double pillows, thats for sure. He said that I also need to find a way to relax, that most of the tension in my back is because of stress. Makes sense I guess. I mean, I did just move to Times Square, Rita did just leave, and the war is ripping my heart out, so yeah, thanks Dr. Swayzer, you are a genius. I have stretching exercises that I need to do and I can take as much Aleve as necessary. When I asked about getting a prescription for a REAL pain reliever, he told me that I would have to go to my primary healthcare physician to get that. Harumph, I said. Harumph. But at least I feel better knowing that what is going on in my back is normal and not some alien tumor that would require weeks and weeks of intensive surgery. MMMMMMMMM.surgery. In some ways, that could be nice. Despite my crumbling back, I managed to meet Mariah and Rachel out for a drink. I only stayed an hour, but found that vodka tonics and champagne cure all pain. I was laughing and moving my neck all over the place. Then as I stopped drinking, the pain came back and I made the girls take me home. I rewarded them with some marijuana and all was good. SO! Paul and I have settled on a vacation place. We will be going to Freeport in the Bahamas! Whoo hoo! We put down our deposit today and will be gone from July 26th August 2nd. I have decided to go to California sometime in September or October, depending on when my uncles are visiting the East Coast. Maybe Paul will even be able to go with me then. If not, I am still very excited to get out to San Francisco. And with my uncles paying for it all, who cares who goes? I got a ticket to ride dawg! The condo we are staying in is beautiful. Its a block from the beach and a block from nightclubs, an international bazaar for shopping and restaurants, restaurants, restaurants! There is even a place on site that allows us to swim with the dolphins. How could that be any better!?!?! YAY! I have never been out of the country. This is my first attempt at being a traveler and I am most excited. Paul and I have been doing very well these days and that allows me to have some sense of relief when it comes to planning this adventure. We have had really good conversations lately and he has been actually trying to be a good boyfriend. I have not let any of his effort go unrecognized and when he gets stressed out and reverts back to his old ways, I take a step back and allow him to decompress. We still have yet to dive into our physical relationship again, but I am hoping that that will pick up again in no time. Paul doesnt like touching when we are angry with each other. And for the last 3 months, there has been a lot of anger. But since our huge fight a couple of weeks ago, he has been slowly making progress. And I am so much happier for it. Mariah leaves for Florida next Wednesday. (sad face) She will be gone for a month! What am I ever going to do? I mean, I have 3 friends in the city as is, and now with her gone, I will have two. Heh heh heh doh. (sad face again) Mariah has decided to go home this weekend and in lieu of me having no life and constantly spending money, I have decided to do the same. (I get a free train ride out of the deal, cuz her dad has connections with Amtrak.) Last week, my mom was talking to me about my brother and the war and she had to get off the phone because she started to cry. She doesnt like to break down about things that she knows I am struggling with, even though I want to be there for her as much as she always is for me. So this weekend, I will be with her. The minute I told her I was coming, she got off the phone, called my dad, and then called me back with minute by minute plans of what we would do. They want to play cards and drink on Friday and then Saturday we will go tanning, out to dinner and rent a movie. If possible, we may play tennis too, but with my pinched nerve, who knows about that? Maybe I will just sleep in late on Saturday so they can go play tennis. Im not much for moving around when I dont have to. (snicks) I havent been home since Christmas and I am sick with myself for that. My parents live for me to be home and I live for seeing them, so whats been the problem? Ouch my back. Oh yeah, stress has been the problem. So thats that. Ugh. I just got off the phone with Mariah. We had an intense discussion about Rachel that ended up with her in tears. I have a tendency not to hold back when I have an opinion on something and since Mariah cares so much about what I say to her, sometimes my honesty is a bit hard to bear. I just have a very hard time hanging out with Rachel and Mariah. Rachel spends the whole time telling Mariah that she is stupid worthless and wasting her time. My teeth gritted through most of the evening as I struggled not to vocalize the anger at Rachel that was steadily building in me all night long. A best friend shouldnt tear down another best friend the way that Rachel does to Mariah. And really, this is just the beginning to how deep their problems go. Ultimately, Mariah got off the phone thankful that we had had the talk, but I still worry about her and her capability with dealing with someone who is as vicious as Rachel. Gosh, its tough. I just love her so much and hate to see her being treated poorly. Gosh, it kills me inside. Okay, off to date night with Paul. As long as he doesnt have to work tonight, we are planning on going out to a nice dinner in Chelsea. Last weeks dinner was great and I am hoping for some of the same. And I love being able to spend the night with just him. Our naked bodies writhing in oh yeahno writhing. Alright, time to go shit.

 OUCH! Fucking ouch. Somehow I have managed to completely throw out my back. I have had these overwhelmingly painful knots in my shoulders for about two weeks and now my back has finally given up. Yesterday I stayed home from work, for a number of reasons, most of which had nothing to do with my back hurting. I met Mariah at 3pm for a quick lunch at Dallas BBQ (DAYIM was that goodand I thought about my Rita the whole timeshe loves BBQ) and played with the baby she is the nanny for. It was a great time, but in the middle of lunch, my back seized up on me. I said goodbye to her and crawled onto the subway. To my wonderful surprise, Paul was in my bed waiting for me when I got home. I climbed in next to him and lay there stiff as a board for about 2 hours. At 8pm, we decided to start making dinner, cept I couldnt move at all. Paul helped me to my feet and I stood there like a statue. Each movement sending coursing pain through my arms and down my spine. It was awful. Paul made dinner for me and even went to Duane Reade to get me some Ben Gay. I laid in bed and ate his wonderful dinner and then he slathered me up with that peppermint smelling nonsense. Lo and behold it did help a bit, but after two hours, the numbness started going away and the searing pain set in again. Paul and I spent the evening with him at my computer (picking out vacation spots) and me in bed not moving an inch. We decided that, if financially possible, we will go to the Caribbean this summer. Our first choice was St. Thomas, second choice St. Johns, third choice Jamaica and so on and so forth. Unfortunately, we cant try to book the condo until mid-May. Which is completely irritating for someone like me who has to have everything planned to the minute, months in advance. I guess I just have to be patient. Had a great weekend. Saw the movie Dreamcatcher with Kelly and we had a wonderful brunch at the famous Playwright Tavern . Then we went to the park and read our books for awhile. It was a beautiful day and I had such a great time. Saturday night I went out with Joanna and Rachel and had a surprisingly good time with them. Then I met Paul at his job and had a few glasses of extremely expensive champagne. Then I met Kelly at home and we went to an Irish pub at 2:30am to have a couple nightcaps. It was such a random evening. I spent $40 and went to 5 different bars. I guess thats what happens when your Rita leaves and you have to meet people at their places of fun in order to do anything. I need some more friends and ASAP! Oooooooooooooooooh my back! Everything else is going pretty smoothly these days. I did get one good piece of news! Turns out that I overpaid my mom $220 this month on the bill I owe her. Dont ask me how I did it, cuz its ridiculous. But in any case, she told me that I just paid one month in advance. Which means (!!!) I have money for my taxes now! WHOO HOO! Leave it to me to balance my checkbook never and then somehow save my own ass. Rock out. That made me happy. Alright, I cant even type anymore, my back hurts that bad. I will be back tomorrow and hopefully in one more solid piece. ouch.

 Today I write this while playing a little game with myself. You see, I have to piss so bad that my teeth ache. Yet, I want to get this down in here before I leave work cuz Lord knows I wont be able to write again tonight. What with the HUGE plans I have. I mean, making dinner and watching movies. Now those are plans that are unparalleled to anything anyone else is doing. Man Im a pathetic loser. SO! Instead of going out last night, Kelly, Paul and I sat in his apartment and had a few drinks while watching the war coverage. It wasnt really the BEST time I have ever had, but it was nice to be able to get a few things off my chest. I think that Kelly felt the same way too. We were all able to discuss the different aspects of what is going on around us and I know that after all was said and done, I felt much better having released some of the tension that had been building in me throughout the day. Eventually Kelly fell asleep on the couch and I made the mistake of telling Pauls roommate, Jen, that one time I sucked a dick so big that it was almost impossible to breathe. I come out of Jens bedroom having made this ridiculous comment, and Paul is scowling at me from the kitchen. I was immediately pissed that he was turning our easy night into yet another fight filled extravaganza. And thats what it became as we argued for at least an hour. He was mostly pissed that I wouldnt go out with him and get drinks. It was his one night off and he wanted to spend it in a skank bar. I have no problem drinking and staying home. Its more comfortable, much cheaper, and easy. But Paul bitched about staying in all night long. Eventually we ate some cereal and climbed into bed. I didnt want to fight with him and eventually I just gave up trying to explain myself and my big mouth. He called me this morning to tell me how much he missed me. So no hard feelings, I guess. I told him that we would go out late tomorrow night to make up for last night. He seemed pretty happy about that. I was just glad that he shut his fat head up for once. LAMESKI. Oooh! The piss is creeping out the slit of my dick now. Ok phew. I just clenched my dick shut with my fingers. I think I bought myself some more time. Gosh, totally at a loss as to what to write today. My night was pretty uneventful, I dont feel like discussing the war anymore, and I dont have diarrhea. What else do I usually write about? I have had to resort to discussing my urine. Man, why would anyone want to sit down and read this nonsense? oh yeah, cuz Im hot. Alright, I will tell a story. Here we go One time, when I was like 16 years old, one of my family members got the Saved By the Bell board game. Now of course I LOVED this TV show and watched it religiously until I turned 22 years old. The only reason I stopped watching it at that point is because they began showing it during the day when I was at work. And I just dont DO the New Class. I mean, give me a break cuz I sure need one. (man, I still miss Nell Carter pretty bad) SO! I was incredibly in love with AC Slater. Cuz dayim what a body he had. Well, in the board game, all of the different cast members had their own photo cards: Jessie, Lisa, Zack, Screech, Kelly, and Slates all had like 3 different photos. One of Slaters photos was with him with his shirt off. All beefed up and ready to take me home to fuck me, or so I fantasized. Well, I ended up stealing this photo of AC and I hid it under my mattress in my bedroom. I would pull it out every once in awhile and stare at it longingly. (oh god, am I really telling this story?) One day, as I sat staring at the picture of AC, I decided to masturbate to the picture. I laid down on my bed and pulled out my cock and balls. I began jerking and jerking and imagining Slater picking me up in his arms and carrying me to his big bed where he would most likely get me pregnant. hahahahaha. My baby would have had a jerry curl. So as I am jerking feverishly on my bed, the door to my room suddenly swings open so fast and so abruptly that I yelped and sat up trying to hide the fact that I was jerking off. My dad stands there looking at me and IMMEDIATELY swings the door shut. Silence. My eyes grow SO WIDE and my heart starts beating out of my chest. A few more seconds pass and then I hear my dads quiet little voice outside my bedroom door. Joe, do you know what you would like for dinner? Dad says. Oh, erum..(MY GOD WHAT HAS HAPPENED!!!)I dont know. Whatever you are making. I reply. Well, do you want corn or peas with your steak? Dad tries again. Oh gosh, um, you see, Iuh (FUCKING LEAVE!!!), wellcorn! I say. But I thought you liked peas better? Dad says. FINE PEAS! FINE! ILL EAT WHATEVER YOU MAKE! Me totally exasperated Ok Dad says. ----SILENCE for a couple more seconds---- Are you okay in there? Dad says (IS HE FUCKING SERIOUS?!?!?) YES! I am fine! I am just kind of tired! I say. Okay then. Be ready for dinner in 15 minutes. Dad says. Yeah, sure dad. I say while trying to possibly think of a way to leave my home and never return. My dad walks down the hallway and returns to the kitchen. I sat there stunned and shocked with my pants down around my ankles and my knees huddling against my chest. Did my dad actually just catch me masturbating?? DID HE?!?! And did he see me clutching the AC Slater photo card while doing it??!!?!?! I decided to finish masturbating. Cuz at this point, I needed to finish what I had started. After I cleaned up my jizz, I joined my family for dinner. My face was beat red, but no one said anything. My dad did look at me a little funny for a couple of days, but I think eventually he forgot that it had happened. About a year ago, I brought up the incident to him and he says that he doesnt remember catching me masturbating. But he does remember walking in on me while I was rolling around on my bed naked. I reminded him that I was NOT NAKED and also that I obviously was masturbating. His reply was: Well, I dont know WHAT you were doing, but it sure was weird. And thats that. I can assure you that from that point on, I became much more careful about when and where I decided to make love to myself. This story has not been elaborated on or exaggerated in any way. I am really this big of a loser. But hot. Always hot. Never forget that I am hot. WINKLES! aRdios! TIME TO PISS! YAY I WON THE GAME!

 So it has happened huh? The war has begun. I dont know about you, but I knew it was going to happen all along. I think anyone with a military family knew that this was going to happen all along. Many of my friends had kept hope that this would just blow over, but as the months went by, it was pretty much inevitable that there was no other solution to this situation. Last night, as I sat and watched the coverage on NBC, I was shocked at the realism of this entire thing. Being able to see Baghdad and the activity that was going on around the city was terrifying. While I wanted nothing more than to switch the channel, I joined America in watching history being made. About 30 minutes into the live coverage, I lost my mind. Paul and I had been arguing over something incredibly stupid and as the tension between us escalated, I felt any sort of control I had over my emotions escape me. I started shaking uncontrollably and the tears just poured out of my face. Why? I kept screaming. Why?! It was so overwhelming. Paul immediately stopped yelling at me and moved over to sit next to me on the couch. He put his arm around me and I cried and cried and cried. He dialed my home phone number and I talked to my father. When my life spirals out of control, my parents are the people I want to talk to the most. My dad, having been in the military for over 27 years knows so much more about the world and war than I could ever imagine. Having retired as a Lieutenant Colonel just over 4 years ago, he is currently struggling with the fact that his old unit has been activated and deployed to the borders of Iraq. He is on the phone daily with numerous family members of those that used to serve under him. Regardless of the fact that he is no longer an active member of the United States Army, he is still the touchstone for a lot of people who have had their fathers, brothers, sisters, and mothers be sent off to war. He is an amazing man. So I called him and within 3 minutes and 37 seconds (according to the cell phone), my dad had wiped my tears, told me that the anxiety and upset that I was feeling was natural, and also that I have to focus on the fact that we are a strong army that will come out victorious. He and I fought the idea of this war together over the last 12 months; writing letters, signing petitions, etc. But now that we are at the point when peace is no longer an option, it is our duty as Americans to stand by our country and to support all those that are fighting on our behalf. My dad has a way of finding the right words to say within this delicate situation so that I dont walk away hating either the US for their military action or Iraq for being such a belligerent, nasty country. I have told my dad before that he is my hero, and today, I feel it more strongly than ever. Same with my brother. I had a great talk with him today that was filled with laughter and joy. He is very optimistic about his position and while we are all afraid of the danger he is going to be put into, as long as he can hold himself together, I surely can too. I want every talk with him to be nothing short of positive. I ask him about his new girlfriend, his daily routine, and his friends. He asks me about my job, Paul, my friends, and my new apartment in Times Square. He is doing big and great things with his life right now and I have never been so proud of him. Nor so scared at the thought of losing him. He got his Small Pox vaccine this morning. Turns out, the vaccine takes 3 weeks to take hold of your system. Until that time comes, he will have numerous side effects, most of which are pretty harmless. There is a chance of death after receiving this vaccine, though he and I are not worried about that possibility. He is more likely to have his Bradley (tank) blown up than he is to develop a deadly case of Small Pox. He says that no one can touch the spot where he got the shot until the scab falls off. If anyone comes in contact with this area, they will immediately develop this disease and if not treated immediately, this person would die. He also informed me that he is going to visit his girlfriend this weekend. When I asked him if he was going to have sex with her, he said Fuck yeah. I replied with But Winfield, what if she rubs against your arm? Winfield: Then I call 911. Me: Well thats pretty fucking dangerous, dont you think? W: Nah. Im going to wear long sleeves. Me: I think shes going to get small pox from you. W: Joe, I will be careful, I promise. Me: Well, what if your scab falls off while you are visiting her? W: Then I wont be contagious anymore. Me: Yeah, but what if she finds the scab in the bed and starts eating it? W: What? Me: What if you wake up and Nina is lying next to you, pensively chewing on the small pox scab that has fallen off your arm? W: Then I would do two things. 1) I would dump her and 2) I would call 911. Me: Oh. Ok. See, so Winfield and I are covering the basics while still trying to make eachother laugh. He is such a great kid. And he is making my family and myself so incredibly happy with how well he is doing with this whole ARMY thing. He is up for another promotion and is getting rave reviews from both his commanders and platoon. Plus, he has promised me that after he goes to war, he will be able to come home for a months worth of block leave. And then after that, he will have two years left until he is out of the ARMY. And at this point, he says that he wants nothing more than to do that and to settle into something more his style. Thank God. I will have my brother back. But for nowfor now I focus on him and on every person that has left their loved ones behind in order to fight for what we, as a country, believe is right. This is a scary time and as Paul said so eloquently last night No one should be alone right now. He then hung his grandfathers American Flag outside of his window in support of our troops. I fell in love with him all over again. Switching gears Guess what? I dont know if its because I sobbed my eyes out or what, but Paul and I kissed and kissed and kissed last night. We ran our hands and bodies all over eachother. Its been two months since we have been intimate and last night was an amazing first step. We didnt hook up to the point of orgasm, but it felt so good to have his hands running over my body again. I felt safe and I felt happy. He is still taking small steps when it comes to our physical relationship, but I am willing to work with him on this every step of the way. Just before we fell asleep, I said: I want to have sex with you. Pauls arm tightened around my shoulders and he kissed me on the neck. It was a beautiful moment. Very beautiful. And then he fucked me. Hardcore style. So anywaytonight we are all going to The Hole. Nice name for a bar, huh? Nice and SKANKY. I have written about this place in my journal before. $10 for all the booze and sluts you can handle. Its pretty slimy, but with the right people, a fucking blast. Kelly is spending the night at Pauls place because she was pretty scared and upset being alone in Times Square last night. I dont blame her at all. If something happens to NYC, Times Square is not the place I want to be in. Nor do I want to be in Harlem. But thats just cuz. Alright, off to lunch. I just want us all to remember one thing. No matter what your views on this war happen to be, we are all in it together. This is OUR country and whether we agree with everything the president does or not, we have chosen to make this a democracy ruled by the people. And the people have chosen to go to war. Feel how you want, but support those that risk their lives daily for your freedom.

 urlLink Are you a smoker? Read this.

 TGIW! Weeks almost over, thank the Lord. I live for the day when I dont care whether its a weekend or not. You know, the day when I am doing something with myself other than sitting at my lame desk from 9am-5pm. Gosh. I really cant stand this life. I wonder what it feels like to be doing this type of thing every day for 40 years? I mean, shit. If thats me, I think my brain will shrivel up and die before I ever get the chance to really use it. I have the worst anxiety today. I dont really know why. Maybe its because I am to meet up with a friend from highschool tonight after work. Or maybe I just feel off. I dont know. Either way, I have caught myself grinding my teeth over and over. My jaw is aching from clenching down on my teeth all day. Its weird when you do that without having any prior experience with it. My jaw only clenches shut when I do drugs. Which isnt ever. So I sit here and rub my poor mouth and ask myself to please calm down. When I woke up this morning, I thought I cant possibly go to work today. I lay in bed dreading my life and eventually I decided to go in an hour late. I called my boss and told him that I was running behind and I closed my eyes for another hour, not sleeping. Eventually the nervousness that I felt about getting out of bed dissipated and I crawled out and got into the shower. I dont know why I feel this way sometimes. Every day I deal with this emotional rollercoaster. However, some days, for no reason at all, I cant control how I feel. It scares me and forces me once again into the realization that I need to go back on some sort of anti-depressant or anxiety reliever pill. Previous attempts at taking this type of drug failed miserably and its been a while since I have considered going back on them. Ugh. I just want to feel normal. After work yesterday, I went home to take a nap. It was very exciting to get back into bed at 1:30pm. But then I couldnt get back out. I lay there ALL DAY. Not doing anything. The harder I tried to get out, the more my brain resisted and kept me stuck there. It was incredibly lonely and eventually I just gave up and went to sleep around 9pm. The one thing I did do was make a nice dinner for myself. I whipped up this weird au gratin potato/chicken package that I had purchased at the store. It took about an hour to put together and tasted pretty good. But thats it. Thats all I accomplished. God, I just feel so helpless. Why do I have such HUGE highs and then such DEEP lows? And why cant I get my shit together so that I can fix it? Its frustrating not being able to control how you feel. Very frustrating. And the problem is, I feel this guilt as though I have done something to put myself in this position. And, well, I probably have. Its like I need someone to come into my life and fix it. Cuz I dont know how to do it on my own. I have been dealing with the same issues for over two years now and at this point I feel like I have no idea where to start repairing the damage that I have caused. When will I actually get the nerve up to DO something about this acting dream I have? When will I stop going right to bed as soon as I get home or conversely going out and getting drunk? When you begin to really hate yourself, its almost impossible to find anything positive thats worth changing for. Some days I am okay. Some days I can get out of bed just fine and go on with my life. Some days I feel empowered to take control. Some days I even do that which I didnt think I could do the day before. ie: getting the job at the Gap. Or moving to Times Square. But then I end up back in my bed, struggling to even put on my clothes the next morning. I get to work planning on working on my resumes and mailings. But the next thing I know its 5pm and I have done nothing to move myself forward. Alright enough. Writing about all of this is not helping me see anything more clearly. I need to pray now.

 ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooof DAH! Whoa what a night. I am more than lucky to have gotten out of bed today and made it into work. Thing is, I knew Ari had to go to the dentist and there was no way I could call in. Im glad that I got my ass out of bed and came though. I wasnt sleeping well and I think my body will heal faster if its out and about, rather than deteriorating in my bedroom. Cept now I am feeling as though my ass is about to explode with vodka tonics. EEEEEEEEEEEEE! Okay, wave of diarrhea has passed. Goodness. Left here at 5pm yesterday to meet Pauls roommate, Jen, at a bar called the Cubby Hole. It was in the meatpacking district, which I dont get to very often. I couldnt (and still cant) believe how beautiful the weather is. I feel like spring is actually here and its not even June yet! When the weather is like this, it makes me eternally happy and full of life. Makes me want to be healthier. Okay whatever, back to the ridiculous night I had. So I get to the bar at 5:30pm and Jen is supposed to meet me there at 5:45pm. I finished the rest of my book and asked the bartender if he took credit cards. He said no, we only take cash and then I asked him if I could start a tab. He looked at me for a moment and then said What would you like? I ordered my first of 382 vodka tonics and as he was making the drink I noticed a sign that said: ABSOLUTELY NO BAR TABS. He gave me the drink and winked at me. Eventually it was 6pm and still no sign of Jen. I had finished my drink and the bartender comes over and we have this conversation: Bartender: Would you like another one? Me: I would, but I dont have any sort of cash on me and my friend is running late. Bartender: I trust you. Let me make you another. Me: Okay, thank you very much. Whats your name? Bartender: James. Yours? Me: Joe. Bartender: (extends his hand) Nice to meet you Joe. I notice at this point that the bartender is pretty fucking adorable and I dont know what to do with myself. He was at least 61 and had dark curly-esque hair and he was sporting two days worth of scruff. He was very lean, but his clothes were baggy and fell perfectly on his upper body and ass. He had an amazing smile and was the coolest guy in the place. I was in love. After giving me my second drink, he added green food coloring to it and the smile on my face became HUGE. Thank you so much for being so great to meI truly appreciate it. No problem Joe. Happy St. Patricks Day. Around 6:30pm, Jen showed up and I paid for the drinks that were on my tab. She and I sat at the bar for another hour or so before her friend Dana showed up. Dana was interesting and I could talk about her in greater detail except that I would rather talk about James, my new love. Over the course of the night, I paid for 3 drinks total. That includes the 2 I had before Jen got to the bar. By the time I reached my 6th drink, I was starting to realize how drunk I was becoming. Yet I was VERY in control, as I wanted to look cool in front of the hot bartender. He gave me $5 and told me to play whatever I wanted on the jukebox. I did and I tried to pick songs that I knew he would like: John Mayer, Bob Dylan, *NSYNCokay, so I HAD to throw one song in there for me! I got back from the jukebox to find ANOTHER drink sitting at my seat. James, Im not sure that I am ready for another one, I said. Its not from me this time, its from Steven. Want me to introduce you? James said. I look over to see who Steven is and am horrifically reminded of a 30 year old Edwin McCain. Completely NOT my type. Justnot. Because I am a polite gentleman, I went over and sat with Edwin for at least a half an hour. I can pretty much talk to anyone and I did my absolute best to make conversation with him. I asked him all about his job, his apartment, his interests At no point did he even ask me what I did for a living. When I found out that he has been temping at Barnard College, I threw out the fact that I work at Columbia University. (SOMETHING WE HAVE IN COMMON, RIGHT??) No, he smiled and kept talking about himself. Well Steven, you didnt have a chance before and you SURELY dont have one now. Steven goes into the bathroom and James walks over to me. Adorable, cute, want to lick his face, James. At this point he had put on a baseball cap and this little duck tail of hair was coming out of the hole in the back of it. I wanted to wrap my fingers around it and pull him in VERY close to me. And he was so much taller than me! I love that. (I am 58 member?) James, if Edwin McCain or anyone else wants to buy me a drink, please tell them that I am not interested and that I only buy my own drinks. I said. Did you just call Steven, Edwin McCain? Yes. (getting nervous cuz I think I insulted his friend) BOOOOO WAAAAAH HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. That is so funny man! James exploded. (nervous giggling and realizing that I am sucking this MAN in) I just dont want to have to sit and talk to anyone else that I am not interested in. I said. Oh, does Joe have a problem being so beautiful? James said. hahahaha. Yeah, thats definitely it. I am embarrassed at my devastatingly good looks. I blushed. Well, there is a reason the guys here want to buy you drinks. You have this quality about you James said. (heart in my chest) Thanks James. That is really nice. I dont know what to say. He winks at me and walks away. I float on over to the table where Jen, Dana (and now Kelly) were sitting at. Kelly arrived during all of this commotion. I explained to them that I had just fallen in love at the bar and that I didnt know what to do about it. Kelly handled it all with ease as she is used to me falling in love the moment I see a hot guy. A MANLY hot guy. Yum. Jen goes Just dont let me see anything. I wouldnt tell Paul, but what if you end up really interested in James? I wont. Its just nice to be wanted for once. It feels nice to be single. I said. During the next 15 minutes, I glanced at James numerous times and most of the time he was looking back. Smiling, pensive, obviously thinking about me and what I was about. I decided that I wanted to give him my number. Not for sex, but for someone cool to hang out with. Makes sense, right? Its not like I would EVER give him my number because I was interested. SIKE. I was TOTALLY INTERESTED and at that point, Paul was so backseat. Kelly wrote out my phone number and I told her that I was going to give it to him and then we could take off and go home. I grabbed the piece of paper, got 3 steps towards the bar and stopped walking. Was I really into James? He was nice and he was absolutely hot, but am I in a relationship with Paul or not? How could I do this to him? How could I do this to him again ? No matter what problems we have. The last thing he would do is give his number to another guy. The last thing he would do is cheat on me. I turned around and shoved the piece of paper back into Kellys hand. I went over to the bar and James told me to hold for one second. I waited for him with a pained look on my face. Whats wrong buddy? James said. Nothing, I just wanted to say thank you again for making this a great night for me. I said. Never a problem. Glad that you hung around here with me for awhile. James said while his smoldering brown eyes made my cock stir a bit. When do you work here? I would love to come back and see you? I work (insert times) and would be very excited to see you again too. James said. Then its settled. I will be back soon to visit. Okay. James said, pausing I THINK to ask for my number. Well, umnow I dont know what to say. James said. I know. Ill see you soon. I finally said. Okay man. Take care. Have a good night. I shook his hand, looked in his eyes one last time, and left the bar. Kelly and I went back to our apartment and Paul showed up about a half-hour later. We argued for another hour after that and I went to bed feeling shitty. I do love Paul. I mean, I am still IN LOVE with Paul. But sometimes it feels good to be wanted. Paul still doesnt want to kiss or hook up. He said last night that that is because he feels that we are really off with eachother. We fight so much that he doesnt see how kissing or touching in the midst of that would be ok. I think it would help us to find our way back to who we used to be. I didnt tell Paul about James and I dont plan on doing it any time soon. It was a moment that I had for myself. And I missed the feeling I got from talking to someone new. With Paul I forget that I am a good looking and fun guy. I forget that I am someone that other guys want to be with. I forget that I am who I really am. Instead, I live day to day being angry and hurt and lonely. When is enough, enough?

 WELL! HAPPY ST. PADDYS EVERYONE! and also HAPPY PURIM! You know, I was going to bail out of drinking beer today because I felt as though I had been drinking enough lately and I want to try and tone it down a bit. But then I came to work and had a pretty great day and the weather is unbelievably enticing and beautiful and now I am going to have drinks as soon as I get out of here. Nice one Joe. Way to stick by any sort of resolution. But YUM! Green beer! Had a wonderful weekend. Friday night went out with the girls to lesbo city. Joanna came over beforehand and brought me a wonderful card that she had written along with a new plant for my bedroom! My old plant, Conrad, was VERY excited to have a girlfriend. This new plants name is Frida Callow. Or whatever her name is. You know, the woman with the unibrow. Yeah. Conrad and Frita are happily in love. Stayed up late talking to Kelly again and was up by 3pm on Saturday to get ready for my night out at Aris b-day party. Was supposed to hang with Pauls family this weekend, but after running into them Friday night, decided against it. They were nothing short of weird with me and gave me dirty looks and made it almost impossible for me to be around them. I mean, SORRY family, but Paul is GAY and I am his GAY BOYFRIEND and we do GAY sex together (well, not for the last two months, but still) and GAY GAY GAY. It took all I had not to scream these things in their faces. They were BLECH. And if it werent for Mariah and Joanna, they would have ruined my night. Thank God for friends. Saturday night I went to Aris party ALONE. I never go anywhere alone, but decided that her get together was more important than my irrational fears of having to fend for myself. So I went. When I walked through the door and realized that I really knew no one, I told myself that I would be out of there in 5 minutes flat. As I sipped on my first drink, I decided to give the night a shot. See if I could survive more than one drink. Turns out, I survived 4 drinks and had a pretty great time. I talked a great deal with Aris old-time friend Fran and her husband. I was able to get to know them a LOT better and I was very happy about that. Ari has hung out with my friends on numerous occasions and I felt like Saturday night was my turn. I talked to FISH, I talked to K (dont want to give her real name, but dont know her online name), and I exchanged hellos and good-byes with Doug. It was a very successful evening and I felt so PROUD of myself after it was all over. I went there stag and came out of it feeling confident and empowered. GREAT night. Yesterday, I went to lunch with Kellys family and had a beautiful time. They love her so much and it was nice to be around family for the afternoon. Turns out, Kellys father lost his keys in the cab and he and Kellys mom had to wait 8 hours on the corner of 46th and 6th for a new key to be made. Oops. It was really upsetting to have to see them wait for so long, but it didnt stop Kelly and I from going to see the new movie, Willard! WHICH BY THE WAYI LOVED! It wasnt cheesy and it definitely was directed well. There is one scene in the movie that involves a cat and the song Ben by Michael Jackson and I loved it so much that I have told every single person about it, in great detail, since I have woken up this morning. My god, I might have to buy the DVD of this movie. Dont judge me. I watch good movies too. But being someone who has always had a weakness for scary b-movies, I just LOVED this one. And it was better than most. Very cleverly done. I am ONE chapter away from finishing The Manhattan Hunt Club and once again I am riveted! Will Joe escape the subway hunt? Will they cut off his dick and put titties on him? Will the rats and cockroaches eat him alive once he has been shot and killed? SO EXCITED TO FINISH THIS BOOK. I will always love you Willard. The shirt I am wearing today smells so fiercely like cum, I dont know what to do about it. Obviously I didnt bathe in real cum this morning. I think its just that the Russian lady that cleaned my clothes used too much detergent, but I reek of a blown load and its making me gag. I truly hope that everyone at the bar I am headed to thinks I smell like cum. Straight guys LOVE other guys that smell like cum. SO! I have been researching very heavily, the different places for Paul and I to take our vacation this summer. I think I have narrowed it down to the Bahamas. UM! I MEAN!?!?!? We are once again using my parents time-share and I find out today that they have shares all over the world. I checked out Hungary and Singapore and decided that now is not the time to visit these countries. Truth is, I have never been out of the USA. EVER. In fact, the only states I HAVE been in are Massachusetts, Vermont, Florida, California and Virginia. I dont go on vacation ever and last year I was cautious about taking a whole week away with Paul. So we went to Orlando and I ran around Disney with gayness coursing through my veins. This year, I really think we are going to end up in the fucking Bahamas! I am so excited I could shit. Oh no, thats the pizza I had for lunch brewing. I will definitely keep you posted as to these plans. FUCKING YAY! Alright, I really do gotta shit myself. So see you tomorrow. And will someone PLEASE remind me to clean off the jizz from my shirt before I put it on? DAYIM!

 Jeannie Dreama has guessed the correct Broadway show from yesterdays entry. It was Brigadoon! I know that I can always count on my Dreama to know her Broadway trivia. Good job sweets! You should be expecting a little prize very very soon! HAPPY MOTHA FUCKING FRIDAYYYYYYYYYYYYYY! Finally. I cant say that this week dragged, but it definitely wasnt smooth sailing. Usually I have like no plans for the weekend and I get excited to lay around and sleep the whole time. But this weekend it is completely the opposite. I have something to do at every moment of the weekend with the exception of tomorrow afternoon. That will be the time when I catch up on my MTV marathons and any left over jerk off sessions that I havent yet completed. But by the end of tonight, I will surely be relieving some THAT pressure. HEH! HEH BY MYSELF RELIEVING IT! heh. oh. Last night I had a wonderful talk with my parents. I told them how the ghetto lady at the haircut place made me bald and ugly. They laughed over and over as I regaled them with tails of my big fat head. They were very cute on the phone and I had an excellent time chatting it up. They are doing very well and I miss them a great deal. Kellys family is coming down on Sunday and we are all going to brunch. In a way its like having my family come too. I mean, we have been friends for so long, it feels like that. So at least I will get some dosage of family before I have to return to work on Monday. After I talked to my parents, I called Rita. Since the move, Rita and I have been struggling to find some sort of middle ground with our friendship. The last two weeks before she left were very difficult on both of us. In a lot of ways, it was like a husband and wife getting a divorce much before it was time to do so. Neither one of us wanted to confront what was happening and after we had moved, the separation anxiety became incredibly hard to bear. bear? bare? bear. (growl!) Up until last night, I had only spoken to her once in the last two weeks. We exchanged some pretty vicious emails this week and yesterday morning I was convinced that she and I were headed for some big troubles. When she answered her phone last night, it took all I had not to burst into tears of joy. Just hearing her voice made me immediately melt. She wasnt angry with me at all and I wasnt accusing her of leaving me behind anymore. The conversation began easy and over the next hour and a half we sat focused only on eachother. I told her everything that came into my mind, but of course got off the phone thinking of at least 5 more things I should have mentioned. We discussed the details of the move and then talked about how each of us felt about towards the other person. It was a beautiful conversation filled with honesty, confidentiality, and love. I knew we had to get off the phone after the hour and a half mark, but I could have stayed on talking to her for the rest of the night. I miss her deeply. But for the first time since I said good-bye to her, I felt somewhat excited about the new friendship we were going to start developing. Love you Reets. AND SHES ENGAGED!! WOOO HOOOO!! YEAH! (GIRLY SCREAMS) (CRYS OF JOY) (REACTIONS BETTER THAN SHE HAS PREVIOUSLY RECEIVED) To me, its the biggest wedding I will ever be a part of. So weird that last November I went to my FIRST wedding and it was Ritas sister, Jeannies. Now next spring (tentatively scheduled) I will be going to my biggest wedding and it will be Ritas. Do you see how thats weird? Do you? Let it go then and stop blaming me for your ignorance. AND, to top it offit will be a wedding that Paul will accompany me too. Or if not him, some hot gay stud of my choosing. OH damn its going to be fun. And filled with so many tears. And time to change the subject!! I watched ER last night and was reminded how much I missed this show. But it made me quite upset. There was one scene that involved an eyeball and it made me actually have to turn away from the TV in horror. I think I almost vomited right on my turkey sandwich. Cuz thats what I had for dinner. A sad ass turkey sandwich. And the turkey was slimy. And KellyI have decided that I hate real mayonnaise. You can have it. (When I went to the store to get our apartment some condiments, Kelly put in a request for Real Mayo as opposed to Miracle Whip. I bought the Hellmans brand and when I took my first bite the other night, I about spewed chunks all over the kitchen. That shit is so fucking nasty, I dont even know how anyone could put it in there mouth. And remember, I am used to having jizz go in my mouth.) In any case, Kelly, finish the Hells Mans cuz I gotta get me some of the fake shit. So member how I mentioned that I was reading the book The Manhattan Hunt Club ? And how there are scenes in it where one of the guys kills his best friend and girl friend and puts the girls tits on the guys chest and fucks him? And how I love it?!?! (hahaha) WELL! I am almost done with the book because I simply cannot put it down. But I have had a couple powerful realizations throughout the journey of this book. FIRST and most shockingly to me, this morning I was reading a chapter about the guy that does the titty cutting. The guy (Jagger) is 6 ft 5 and 280# of muscle. So, besides the fact that he is a psycho murderer, I think he sounds like the hottest man on the planet. The book is not about his sexual fetishes, but it is a wonderful sub-plot. Well, this big monster of a man, er, I meanstud, is stuck in the subway with the lead character of the book, Joe (my name!). Joe is a straight man, but Jagger is falling madly in love with him. Now, the reader knows that Jagger is a scary sexually perverse killer, but in my interpretation of the book, when Joe wakes up and finds that Jagger has his big arms around him, I sport a boner. I get very excited when Jagger starts really coming on to Joe. Protecting him and staring provocatively at him. Well, I realized THIS MORNING (and 50 pages until the end) that Jagger wanting to sex Joe up is supposed to be terrifying and suspenseful . But because I am a gay man reading this book, I have totally missed out on the fear of this relationship, and have even imagined that I am Joe and Jagger has his big body nestled up to my little body. When I realized what I was doing, I sat on the subway shifting my eyes back and forth all guilty like. IT'S NOT MY FAULT THAT I LIKE BIG MEN! WHETHER OR NOT THEY WANT TO CHOP OFF MY PENIS AND STICK TITTIES ON ME! So the book isnt as scary because I want to make love to Jagger. Great. The other thing I realized is that the book totally blows. I am getting too old or something, and Im not enjoying readying books about titties being cut off and meals made of rats and slime. So what am I asking is that if you know of a good book that I should read, please hit me up with some suggestions. I am looking specifically for two different genres of books. 1) I would LOVE to read a GOOD gay book. A love story that involves two gay men. One of which is a bodybuilder. Simple enough, eh? 2) Would love to read a book that is dynamic, emotional, and powerful. Doesnt matter the type of book it is, just that its not too difficult of a read. Not that I am ignorant or uneducated, I just dont want to read a book that is going to force me to exert any unnecessary energy. I think you get what I am saying. SO please send me your suggestions! I am thinking that my next book will be The Bell Jar by Sylvia Plath. Rita has been trying to get me to read it for awhile and Kelly has a copy of it. So that will most likely be my next read. But as we know, the book is not about a bodybuilder, so. I guess thats it. I drank four mini-boxes of Yoo-Hoo this morning and now my stomach feels as though it might explode with Vitamin D vomit. What was I thinking as I continued to shove the straw down into each box? Blech. Done with that beverage for at least a couple days. Have great weekends everyone. I forgot to buy the phone cords I needed to hook up my internet last night. Will NOT forget to do so today. If it all works out, I will definitely pop over the next couple of days. Latas skatas.

 What a day this has been, what a rare mood Im inwhy its (BUM BUM) ALMOST LIKE BEING IN LOVE!!!!!!!! Name that show and win a prize. After staring at my hair in my computer rear view mirrors for the second day in a row, I decided that it was high time I got my ass to a barber. Well, not a barber so much as SUPERCUTS right down the street. I told the stylist what I ALWAYS ask for, I want a 1 blade on the sides and take about a quarter of an inch off the top. While she buzzed my hair down to the root, she talked my ear off about how she put some woman in the hospital because this bitch was messing with her man. HmmI should have known then that this was going to be a shit haircut. As she proceeded to chop my life away, she kept saying uh-huh, this look fly, so fly man, You lookin fuh fuh fuh flyyyyyyyyyyyy. I wiped my tears and put my jacket on. (By the way, those tears were figurative) Because she told me her entire life story while she cut my hair, I felt compelled to tip her more than I would have. I mean, shitty haircut = shitty tip. But nope. Not if its Joe CuttheShit. Im such a stupid asshole. As though I have the money to be paying people to do bad things to my body. And just for the record, my hair is NOT fly. Its gone. Thats all. GONE. In other news, Paul and I had an INCREDIBLE date last night. From the minute I showed up at his apartment, he was cute and adorable and sweet. Unfortunately, he rolled his ankle on Tuesday night and his entire right leg seems about two sizes too big. He is in massive pain and I got to play nurse all night. Well, nurse without the sexual touching. Although the night went extremely well, he still avoided sexual contact. After we did his laundry, he took me to dinner at a restaurant called Dolphin . For appetizers, we had the fried calamari and avocado Caesar salad. Then we ordered some champagne. Then for dinner he had the stuffed lobster and I had the swordfish. It was biz-omb. We had some nice conversation and only argued once. After dinner we each ordered a slice of cheesecake and sat and talked some more. By the end of the meal, I felt like I was going to have to be rolled out of the restaurant and down the street. But instead, we just walked really slow; Paul complaining about the extra weight his fat hungry ass was giving his swollen ankle. It was pretty funny. Once we got home, we watched some TV and I read some more of my book. We fell asleep in each others arms at around 12:30am. I thoroughly enjoyed myself. HERE IS WHY WE FOUGHT: Paul and I heavily discussed our tentative vacation for this summer. Although he was a COMPLETE prick about the vacation in Florida last summer, guess where he wants to go THIS summer? Fucking Florida. What an ass. I told him that I would like to go somewhere new, but he wants to go somewhere tropical and Florida or the Bahamas is all he could come up with. I am supposed to visit my gay uncles in California this summer too and if Paul decides against taking our vacation to California, then I will be making the trip with my mom instead. When Paul asked how I would afford both vacations, I informed him that my uncles will be paying for my plane fare and most of what I do once we get out there. He then informed me that we would go to California and split his plane fare between the two of us, since I was getting my ticket for free. After a short debate over his idea, I basically told him to go fuck himself and that I wasnt paying a dime for his plane ticket at all. Its not my fault that a) you have the money to pay for your ticket, when I dont and b) that MY family is paying for MY ticket. Paul: Its only FAIR that we split the cost!!! Its not fair and its my family. Tough shit. I will never agree to that. Paul: Then Im not going to California at all. Case closed. WERE not going. Fine with me. I want to go with my mom instead. ASSHO-LEE-O-LEE-O-LEE-DOUCHE (obviously this is the abridged version) So unless he comes to grips with the fact that I get a free ticket and he doesnt, we will not be going to California together. I dont know. Paul and I have some major problems. And now I am starting to hate him again. Lets drop this while I still have the fading memory of our wonderful evening together. Tonight I am installing the internet on my computer. Our phone line is hooked up and we are ready to go! I am muchly excited and am counting down the minutes until I get released from jail (work). You understand. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ARI!!!!! YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY! Was very excited to get a phone call from Joanna today. We made plans to go out tomorrow night. Mariah will be joining us later on. Turns out she has plans to go to a show beforehand. How Mariah always comes up with these mysterious plans, I will never know. But in any case, it gives Joanna and I a chance to get to know eachother better. And she will be accompanying me to Pauls apartment so that I dont have to hang out with just him and his family alone. YIPES. Getting a little nervous about it now that its approaching. My head is in 13 places right now. I gotta get some shit done. But if I get my computer hooked up tonight, you may see an entry from me writing in my new Times Square bedroom! WHOO HOOOOOOOOOOOO! Peace out.

 Ive done it! I have given myself a comment section again. As most of you know, last time I did this, shit got way out of control and I pulled it immediately. So this time, I have resolved to do it a bit differently. Starting with not getting so personally involved with it. Its great to have feedback, but I dont want to have to sit and debate or defend anything I write. You understand. You always understand. Thats why you are the clit to my vagina. Pulsing with erotic excitement. Well things are finally starting to pick up. It was very strange for me to go home after work last night, hang out there for a couple of hours, and then go out for a drink. Way back when I lived in Queens, it was impossible to go home, hang around, and then go out to a bar. Astoria is great and all, but its not the most convenient hole in the wall. I dont miss the area at all. Well, except for when Rita and I would go grocery shopping on Friday afternoons and to Blockbuster. That was the fucking best. And also that we got to drive in a car once in awhile. That was great too. But then Rita left and so did her darling little Protg. I miss that little bastid. Mariah came over at 7pm and we talked and sang along with my CDs until 8pm and then went to Pauls bar. Let me tell you, we both had heart attacks when we walked through the front door. It is by FAR, the CLASSIEST place I have ever been in. The bar is located in this skyscraper that goes to heaven. Its an office building mostly, and the bar is at the bottom of a long winding staircase. Mariah was in sweats. She was terrified of walking down the stairs. Everyone was staring at us as though we were the belles of the ball. I called out Presenting Master Cuttheshit and Princess Mariah as we walked in. A few people rolled their eyes and the rest ignored us completely. Once we got to the bar and started downing free drinks (thanks to Pauls overwhelmingly benevolent behavior), we started becoming a bit loud. Mariah starts with Well Pa, these here drinks are purty good. Id like another. I respond with Ma, would pass me over the pee-nuts? Havent had ma dinnuh yet. All the while performing in our best Southern Droll. There were some looks and stares and that only made us want to be even more obnoxious. Mariah does some damn good impressions of people and she had me rolling on the floor with laughter. Turns out that rich people not only eat peanuts and pretzels while sucking down their drinks, they eat hard-boiled eggs! Dont ask me why, but supposedly that is like some high-class appetizer. Mariah and I each peeled our egg and swallowed it in like 2 bites. Paul walks over and sees that we have eggshell covering our spot at the bar. He laughs and wipes it away. Mariah and I make fun of the eggs for awhile and then realize that we are really making fun of ourselves because we cant stop burping and farting sulfur. We are such trash, its ridiculous. Paul was absolutely adorable in his little uniform and he seemed completely relaxed behind the bar. He introduced us to his fellow bartender, who I swear was Cheech Marin. When he introduced me, I was so impressed by him for referring to me as his boyfriend. I shook Cheechs hand and said a casual hello. Cheech responds with The minute I met Paul I asked him if he had a boyfriend. In context, he said that meaning Paul was flaming. My jaw hit the floor and I looked at him as though he was the most ignorant fuck on the planet. Sorry asshole, but youre straight and straight people arent allowed to say stupid shit like that when they first meet a gay person. Especially when its Cheech Marin. And especially when Paul isnt flaming at ALL! If Pauls flaming, then my entire body and soul is charred with gay blackness. I dont know where this guy was coming from. He was probably just nervous and that was the first thing that came out of his mouth. I dont hold a grudge about it, but I will never be the Chong to his Cheech. Never. Paul wanted me to stay over at his place, but I decided to go home instead. He spent the previous two nights in my bed and I was kind of excited to do my own thing. Meaning masturbate feverishly. Tonight we are going out on a date. Its been a couple months since our last one. We are going out to dinner at some restaurant called Valescos in the East Village. I think thats the name of it. But I dont care either way. As long as Paul is paying, cuz I am busted broke until my next paycheck. If Paul doesnt pay, we will make Success Rice and probably put some leftover chicken on it. Please let him be paying, please let him be paying. I could do with a night out to dinner with my boyfriend. He has been absolutely perfect since our big blowup on Sunday. I mean, dont let me count my chickens yet, cuz this is how it usually goes before he regresses back to the caveman boyfriend he really is. I am hoping this is it though. That he is really committed to making this relationship work now. And if not, I have already told him that I am serious about removing my stuff from his apartment. But then I went ahead and made him a copy of the keys to my place. Hee hee oops. But how do I play the role of Serious Sally and Loving Larry at the same time? Im doing my best. I just pray he continues on the path he is currently heading on. BTWserious sally and loving larry? Right. Vomit. How is it that I need a fucking haircut already. On my computer desk, I have these two mini-rear view mirrors that I use to watch out for people coming up behind me. You know, cuz I am a sneaky lying bitch. Well, instead of seeing the people behind me, I have been staring at my hideous hairstyle all morning. Lets be honest, my hair looks like an asshole. And remind me again why I have to have Asian hair, when I am clearly not an Asian? (Big Sigh) This weekend has turned into utter craziness. I have more plans than I can handle! Member back in the day when I was crying about how lonely I was? Yeah, well now I am being pulled in about 37 different directions. No wait, 38 different directions. On Friday night, I am to hang out with Pauls Aunt, cousin, and sister. (Remember?the pseudo-lesbians) After that I am supposed to go out with Mariah to a lesbian bar so that I can get her some vagina. Sounds fun. On Saturday, I may be seeing a Broadway show with Pauls family and then I am sure we will have dinner or something. I will be forced to sit there with a brain aching fake smile and it will be nothing but enduring annoying conversations; most of which will be conducted by his 28 year old know-it-all sister. I shouldnt be such a prick about them, cuz they arent the most terrible people in the world. But his sister Steph just talks and talks and talks and if I offer a varying opinion on any subject, she looks me directly in the eye and says No. Its a lot of fun. Saturday night is Aris party! Now THAT I KNOW will be a blast. On Sunday, I am currently scheduled to have brunch with both Paul and Kellys family. I have to let one of them down and I think its going to be Paul. It really depends on how the weekend goes and also on how upset he will be if I dont go. After brunch, Kelly and I are going to try to see the movie Willard. I mean, what movie about a thousand rats crawling all over your body while Michael Jacksons Ben plays in the background wont be a hit? Shit. I know! HUGE! Alright, time for my soup and roll. I am reading this fantastic book right now called The Manhattan Hunt Club. Its by John Saul, whom I love although he borders on absurd sometimes. In one scene of the book, this guy stabs his best friend and girl friend and then puts the girls tits on the guys chest. Then he fucks the guy. Its all very normal. Really, Im not a spikey-haired, Asian psycho. Boof.

 Busy day, busy day. Damn you busy day. Does it ever slow down? Did I graduate college just to move to NYC to get a job at a better college then where I went? How does this happen? And why does it seem as though I will never escape from the clutches of academia? I dont get it. Ah wellat least I get paid, right? Sort of. Sort of right. Have been a very good boy when it comes to that which I stick in my mouth. Ok, that came across in a completely different way than I meant it to. What I meant to say is: I have been really good about the food I have been eating. But I have also been good as to the cocks I have put in my mouth as well. Meaningnone. Paul still wont hook up with me. Last night, although I had masturbated before he got to my house (had to alleviate the pressure somehow, you know?), I said: Tonights the night. Get naked! For the first time in a couple of months, he didn't immediately say no. Instead, he paused, thought about it for a minute and THEN said: No. We ARE GETTING SOMEWHERE AFTERALL! My plan is just to remain patient with him about it and to casually bring it up every day until I get me some action! Not that Im not trying to help him figure this whole thing out. But I do miss it a lot more than I thought I would. Im 25 years old and I want to be loved! Physically loved. yawn. We are having a birthday party for Ari in about 5 minutes, so I gotta make this quick today. Why is it that we have parties every 3 days?? Gah! Does anyone ever get any work done around here? Oh yeah. They dont. I had California Rolls today, in honor of Miss Rita. They werent very good and now my stomach is raging. Is it possible to buy BAD Cali rolls? They were so unappetizing, that when I got to the last one, I bit into it, gagged and spit it into the garbage. All the Wasabe in the world couldnt make it better. Tonight I am off to visit Paul at one of his jobs. I have yet to go get a drink at his bar, but he has been begging and begging for me to come. Tonight I drag Mariah with me for a drink or two. And they better be free, cuz I dont think I could even afford the water in this place. Its classy and snooty and why am I going there again? Ari has planned her birthday party for this Saturday. WHOO HOO ROCK! Its going to be weird to meet some of the fellow bloggers out there. For example, A Girl Named Bob. Is she a real live person? WEIRD! I have roped Mariah into going with me for a drink. It should be pretty convenient since we are going out with Pauls family earlier in the evening. Cuz UM! Pauls family wants to get to know me???? I thought they wanted all gay people dead! But Paul seems to think I will live through the night, so wish me luck! He is planning on taking them to a show on Saturday evening and if I behave myself, maybe he will buy my ticket too! Then I can see a Broadway show for free! Now THAT could be fun. And less talking amongst the gay boys and the family. Although I SWEAR that his sister and his aunt are raging lesbians. I mean, both could defeat me in an arm wrestling match. EASILY. They are some tough looking bitches. But Paul swears that although they have dirty fingernails and can bench 450#, they are straight. Who knows. Ok, the housekeeper just came over to me, tapping on her watch and informing me that its time for the party. Im sorry, but cant the housekeeper see that I am BUSY typing in my journal?!?! I mean, gosh! Alright, now my annoying boss is up my ass. And hes big. So I gotta go eat some shitty Entemanns cake. Adios and something more clever. $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ Okay, so the party is over. It actually was pretty painless. Ari and I hung out at her party for about 10 minutes and then spent the rest of the time hiding out smoking cigarettes. Now THATS what I call a party. RITAI sent over Michelle to buy the cakes and stuff for the party and on the UFM form, I wrote $30 thinking that that should be MORE than enough to buy a cake or two and some soda. Well, Michelle spent the entire $30 on 4 cakes, a basket of fruit, 3 gallons of soda, and the most expensive juice she could find. In fact, she spent $30.06 and says to me: I was so close to the limit that I had to put in $.06 of my own money. Oh Michelle. My bad. I should have explained better that we dont throw $30 parties. Hee hee. Guess I wont be getting that raise afterall. AlrightaRdios!

 Happy Monday! Actually, for the first time in about 5 years, this Monday doesnt suck. I feel rested. I feel content. And I dont feel nearly as much anxiety as I have felt over the last week. Friday night was random. Mariah was too hung over from Thursday to go back out on Friday, so Kelly and I went out with Pauls roommates, Jen and Lisa. Member how I hated them with my every being? Well, of course, now I am friends with them. Its been a couple weeks in the making, but I finally just stopped caring and then they wanted to be Besties. Who knows. Either way, I had a very good time talking to them and hanging out Friday night. Kelly got tired and we went home at around 2:30am, but then we ended up doing our weekend ritual of staying up until 5:30am talking our faces off. I had a nice time overall. Saturday was the worst day of my life. Ok, not really at all, but it was pretty horrible. Paul was supposed to come over at 4:30pm to watch movies and maybe go out to dinner. At 11:30pm that night, with still no word from Paul, I gave up and went to McDonalds for dinner. Unfortunately, my home phone is still not hooked up, so there was no way for him to reach me. Thank God we got cable on Friday afternoon, or my Saturday would have truly been a day spent in loneliness hell. (And by the way, our cable fucking rocks! We have like 130 channels of basic service and also this thing called Videos on Demand. I rented Men In Black 2 and XXX just by hitting a button on my remote control. It cost me $3.95 each and I had the movies for 24 hours! I saw Men In Black twice! Its $50 a month and I am in pig shit cable lovin heaven) I fell asleep Saturday night wondering where the fuck Paul had gone. Why didnt he show up? And also, why is this the 3rd time in a week that he stood me up? Sunday afternoon, Paul calls me on Kellys cell phone and I talk to him. Me: Hi. What happened last night? Paul: I ended up taking an extra shift at work and didnt have time to call. Me: Paul, this is the 3rd time this week that I have waited around at my apartment for you. And this is the 3rd time that you havent shown up. Or even called. Paul: SORRY JOE! But you know I gotta work. At this point, I completely lose my shit. I am talking screaming at the top of my lungs losing my shit. Our conversation lasted about 10 minutes, during all of which I was vein poppingly yelling in his face. Eventually I hung up on him, because the frustration was just too much too bear. He called back about a half-hour later. During this phone conversation, I broke up with him. I told him never to call me again and that I was going over to his place while he was at work to get all of my shit. As far as I was concerned, this kid shit on me for the last time. He got very upset and I could hear his voice cracking with tears. I had no sympathy. I felt so hurt by him. He never wants to see me. He chooses work over me EVERY time. He hasnt kissed me or made love to me in over a month and a half. He wasnt around at all before my move to Times Square and still hasnt been around since I have moved in. He stands me up every time we have plans. And to top it all offhe still doesnt treat me with any sort of kindness or respect. I had had enough. I hung up on him again. Kelly and I then went grocery shopping in Union Square. I hadnt gone yet and I really needed to get out of the house and do something productive. At that point, I had been lying in my bed for over 24 hours. During our trip to the store, Kelly and I talked over the fights that I had with Paul. I was still very angry and hurt and had an incredibly difficult time trying to vocalize the way I was feeling. Kelly was patient with me and allowed me to vent the way that I needed to vent. Upon returning from the grocery store, Kelly made us a wonderful dinner. We had fish and pasta and I tried Brussels Sprouts for the first time in my life. I loved the first two I had and after that, they became too much to bear. But the dinner was eggselent and I thoroughly enjoyed our first sit down dinner in our new apartment. While we were eating, I got a chance to think about the situation with Paul with more of a clear mind. I called him right before I went to bed and said: If you still want to come over tonight, you can. CLICK At 11pm, Paul came into my bedroom. Seeing his face made my heart instantly melt. He sat down on the bed and he and I just stared at eachother while he ate his store bought mash potatoes and seafood salad. When he was done eating, I said: Well, what do you have to say for yourself? Paul went on and on about how he knows he needs to put in more of an effort. He promised (yet again) to work on the things that he needs to work on. Against my better judgement, I have given him another shot at being a boyfriend. When I asked him about the lovemaking he said that he is just not emotionally ready to dive back into it just yet. Without completely exposing his personal life, let me just say that I know what he is referring to and as long as he is open and honest with me, I can accept his need to push off the intimacy of our relationship. I mean, Im in no rush anyway. It would just be nice to be kissed once in a while. Well see He and I had a wonderful evening together (as we usually do when he actually shows up) and went to sleep at 2am. We held eachother all night long and when I woke up this morning, I had my cigarette staring at his adorable little face. How is it possible that I can hate and love someone so intensely? I just want things to be good. Today is Mariahs birthday. WHOO HOO! Happy Birthday RYE! Tentatively having dinner with her family and friends tonight, but I havent heard from her all day, so who knows if that will go through. If not, Paul and I are planning something for her for later in the week. Aris birthday is on Thursday. As soon as she figures out what she is doing, I will figure out if I can go! She is looking at this place called The Remote Lounge or something like that. I checked out their website and was horribly impressed by the joint. They have cameras all around the bar that take pictures at random times throughout the evening. Then you can send the pictures through their website to your friends. Its fucking cool. I am rooting for her to pick that place. But wherever she chooses, I will be happy if its affordable and full of vodka tonics. You know how it goes. And thats it, I guess. Paul is staying over again tonight, but of course working until 11pm. He and I are so overdue for a real date night. But with him working two jobs, the chance of that happening any time in the near future seems incredibly unlikely. OH BTWhavent been smoking the pot in over 3 days. I do feel much more awake and clear-headed. Also, I am in a strangely good mood today and wonder if thats related. Who knows. My goal is not to buy another bag until Friday. Lets see if I can make that happen. Tonight is my first day of working out after work too. Lets see if I can make that happen as well. Ah geez. Can I just have the perfect body now please? Please? Please? Cheese? Yum.

 Omigod what have I done to myself? HORK. What was supposed to be a casual night out at the bars What was supposed to be an easy beginning to Mariahs big birthday celebration tonight What was supposed to be an hour or two at a local lesbian bar HORK. I sit here at my desk and wonder how the fuck I woke up with blood dried all over my arm. I look down at my leg and wonder how there is dried pizza sauce all over the pair of jeans I am wearing. My stomach churns and burns and I am stuck somewhere between vomiting all over my desk and shitting out everything thing that went down my gullet in the past 12 hours. Mariah got to my house last night at around 7pm. We drank some beers, talked for a couple hours, and got to Pauls apartment at 9:30pm. From that point on, shit was crazy. Mariah, Lisa, Jen, Paul, and myself sat around and talked some more before we were to head out to the Meow Mix. Fucking purrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr. At one point during our pre-gaming, I burst into tears AGAIN. Can I have a day WITHOUT crying? I mean, I am rapidly turning into the biggest fucking baby on the planet. Nobody wants Joe around cuz you know that tears are sure to follow. My friends are being amazing about everything. Never making me feel as though my emotions are too much for them to handle. Last night I didnt feel nearly as alone as I have felt over the last week. We arrived at Meow Mix at 11pm and that is when things start to get a little fuzzy. You know, although I have been known to drink on a semi-regular basis, I am always in control, and maintain an appropriate level of drunkenness. But last night, as the vodka tonics came and went faster than I could breathe, I found myself experiencing this new level of wasted asshole. Lets seeHere is a recap of what I do remember of the evening: *I didnt spend that much money. Paul spent about $250. The kid just buys drinks. He doesnt even ask if anyone needs them. Kelly showed up at Meows with her friend Stephanie and this other guy named Evan. (Evan was pretty cool, although I dont actually remember talking to him at any point. And now as I type this I remember him bumming a cigarette from me while I was being stalked by the only gay old man in the bar. Ok, weird that I remember that.) So, as I was saying, I noticed Paul was buying a drink and I went over to give him money for mine. I realized that he had purchased 8 drinks. There werent even 8 people with us. So yeah, Paul just buys all the vodka in the place, thinking that people are just going to stand around holding 3 drinks and dancing. No wonder we all ended up so out of our minds. *Mariah fell down on the ground hard and Kelly rescued her in the knick of time. But not before completely ruining a new pair of pants she had gotten earlier in the day. *Paul and I go to Rays Pizza and buy food for everyone, cuz we left the bar earlier then everyone else. I think we spent like $30 on food. Then we get home and I smoke a bowl and realize that I am hella fucked up and Paul and I sit and debate our relationship for an hour. At some point, the meatball that I was eating rolled down my leg and out the kitchen door. I must have laughed and walked on past it cuz this morning I found sauce on my jeans and a trail of dried sauce in a perfect line coming out of the kitchen. Yet, there was no meatball at the end of the trail. Did I pick it up and finish eating it? Probably. Ive been known to do worse. *The music at the bar was from 1993 and included such hits as Are you down with OPP? and Humpty Dance. I liked it for the most part, but then I hated it. yeah. yeah thats exactly how I felt about it. *I took Pauls keys from him cuz I thought he would lose them. Then we get out of the cab in front of his apartment and he cant find his keys. And I start bitching at him about how I should have taken the keys when I had the chance. I buzz his house buzzer for like twenty minutes and his roommate Lisa finally crawls out of bed and lets us in. Once upstairs, and after apologizing to Lisa, I take off my jacket and empty my pockets and the keys fall out onto the floor. I felt incredibly sheepish. *Somehow I scraped my knuckles against the side of a wall and decided that it was perfectly normal to let it bleed all night long and all over my entire arm. Imagine my horror when I woke up this morning and saw blood everywhere. After scrubbing and cleaning myself, sure that I was to find a HUGE gash somewhere on my arm, I realized that all of the blood came out of three tiny knicks on my knuckles. Lame. It could have been a great story about mangling my body, but instead its puss story about knicks and shit. *The alarm went off at 8:50am and I screamed to Paul: Why would you set the alarm? Turn it off! Paul snoozes once and 7 minutes later the alarm goes off again. Turn off the alarm! Its fucking SATURDAY!! No Joe, its Friday and you have to be to work in an hour. What? WHAT? WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?!?!?! Two rounds of intense diarrhea immediately follow. And thats pretty much it. I had an enormous amount of fun. But boy am I paying for it today. I called Mariah as soon as I got to work to make sure that she was doing ok. Today is her second day at her new job and when she called me back she sounded in MUCH worse shape than me. Mariahs new job is as a nanny for a 10-week-old baby. For the last two days, the mother of the child has stayed home to make sure that Mariah is comfortable with the apartment and with the baby. Yet, Mariah keeps calling me from the bathroom, saying that the lady is driving her crazy and wont leave her alone with the baby ever. I picture her standing in the closet with the water running, sneaking phone calls to me. It makes me die laughing to picture her at work, hung over like fuck, and hiding out in the bathroom every 20 minutes or so to call and complain about her new job. This afternoon, Paul and I are taking a LONG nap together and having a grease-filled lunch. Then we will get ready to go out again! Ugh. Wish I could have a day off in between all this partying, but that is just impossible at this point. Paul has proclaimed that he will only be drinking juice. I have proclaimed that I will only be drinking vodka and juice. Oh Joe. Calm yourself a bit. I must have a wish to spend the rest of the weekend sitting on the toilet. I can tell you this thoughno more meatballs at 4:30 in the morning. Alright. Hopefully will have a phone and cable hooked up by today. YAY. fucking yay. SHABBAT SHALOM! ********Just got off the phone with Kelly. No phone until next Wednesday. Shit fuck. Thats irritating. They decided to give us a month and a half free service though, cuz they have screwed up this installation process like 3 times. So thats cool. But no phone or internet at my house until next week. The cable better still come today though. Cuz reallyI am about ready to kill the WB channel. Buffy and Dawson are quickly becoming my archenemies. I fucking hated them to begin with and now I am forced to watch that or the incredibly unintelligent Gilmore Girls. Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz Oh sorry. Even writing the name Gilmore Girls puts me right to sleep. Hasta la pasta. Snort.

 Holy fuck. I am telling youdisaster and destruction seem to be following me wherever I go. Well, that is definitely an exaggeration, but it just seems as though chaos and I are becoming very good bed buddies. I walked into work this morning to find that the front desk area in which I work had been completely broken into. Over the course of the night, some asshole took a crowbar and pried off two file cabinet drawers in order to steal $300 in cash that Ari and I were responsible for. They then proceeded to try and pry open the office door of the Accounts Payable department. Imagine my shock when I walked into work and saw my office space completely destroyed. It was a bit upsetting. I mean, this is mine and Aris work station and someone came in and broke into our personal shit. I dont know. It sucks. The police came and took a report from me. Then they dusted for fingerprints. It was all very melodramatic and random. And thats that. Kind of a crazy way to begin the workday. Last night I went home to my apartment thinking that it would be nice to have some alone time. However, once home for more than 20 minutes, I started to get incredibly lonely and uptight. I missed Rita and I missed having someone to talk to before I retired to my bedroom. I decided to call Mariah. It was the best decision I could have made. We talked for an hour about all sorts of things. It started with me once again breaking into sobs over the move to Times Square. Then we talked about the fact that she just got two moles removed from her face. Then we talked about how the two moles she got removed from her face got infected and how she had to go back to the doctor to get them "re-cut out. Then Mariah burst into tears because when they went back in to remove the rest of the mole from her nose, they took a huge chunk of skin out as well. After making her describe the entire wound to me in detail, I have decided that she looks exactly like the Cryptkeeper. She is coming over to my place tonight to pre-game before we go out to the bars. I told her that I would inspect the damage caused by this doctor and that we would figure out to what to do next. Mariah is an absolute KNOCKOUT of a girl. She is probably the hottest friend I got. And with her personality, she is suh suh suh SLAMMIN! Yet, with this chunk out of her nose, I know she feels horribly ugly and terrible about herself. Time for me to step in and make her feel better. I told her that I had been collecting skin cells from everyone at work so that I can graft a new nose for her. I think she felt very relieved after hearing that. American Idol is a pile of dogshit. The end of that topic. So the one great thing about moving to Times Square is my amazing commute! It takes me exactly 18 minutes to get to work. I dont even have enough time to fall asleep on the train. I get an extra hour of sleep a night and the walk to the subway is fucking cake! And I dont mean yellow cake. I mean white cake with sprinkle topped frosting! YEM! Sike, I hate all kinds of cake. You understand. My parents have been incredibly supportive about the fact that my brother is heading off to war. My dad called me this morning at 9am again to check up on me. At first I thought he was DEFINITELY calling to tell me that someone had died today. I figured that I couldnt get away with him calling two mornings in a row and not have someone be dead. But instead, he was just making sure that I was holding up okay. I assured him that I am, in fact, doing okay. We had a nice conversation and I got off the phone feeling good about all that we talked about. I then called my mom and asked her how she was doing after having heard the bad news. My mom is always incredibly strong about things. At least on the outside. On the inside she is angry and scared and trying to cope. I could sense that she was struggling to come up with words of comfort for me. I let her know that I was doing okay with it all and I could feel her start to collapse a bit. Just as I thought she was going to start crying, she immediately picked herself up and choked down the sobs. Man. She is so strong and in such control. I admire her. So much. Paul has been MIA for the past two days. He has been working like a crazy horse. For the past two nights, he was supposed to come over to my apartment after work and sleep in my bed with me. But on both occasions he bailed and didnt even call to let me know. Now yes, granted I dont have a phone, but he knows Kellys cell phone number and he never uses it. Last night Kelly left me with her phone and I called him twice to let him know that I would wait up for him. (Even though he told me that he would get out of work at 9:30pm) I finally fell asleep at around 12am. No word from Paul. As I type this, I get increasingly more angry about it. What the fuck is wrong with this kid? As I was drifting off to sleep last night, I convinced myself that he just doesnt love me anymore. He isnt attracted to me physically and he is bored of my drama. I fell asleep confidant that over the next couple of weeks I will be dumped. Dumped. What a fucked up term when used in this scenario. When I woke up this morning I didnt feel nearly as self-pitying about this whole situation as I did last night. So what if he breaks up with me? He moved to NYC to be with me. If he dumps me, then he can make his own friends in this city, cuz I am taking mine back. He just blew $4000 on the move from Boston. Breaking up with me now would be nothing short of a poor financial decision on his part. I dont know. I am only writing this shit, cuz I dont know what to think. I have never dated a guy who refused to kiss and touch me. Usually its the other way around. I cant keep the horndogs OFF my shit. Paul also carries no responsibility for this relationship. He is SUPPOSED TO call me sometimes, right? Fuck I dont know. If you could meet me in person, you would be shocked that I am putting up with (and have put up with) this kind of shit from someone who is supposed to be my boyfriend. It is so not in my personality to put up with this type of garbage. I have never wanted to be around people who dont want to be around me. GOD! It makes me so frustrated. I am SO TIRED of begging him to be there for me. I do realize that he is busy trying to make money in order to afford living in NYC. But honestly, he makes DOUBLE what I make at my job and I find a way to be a boyfriend. Who knows. He just called me. Why is it that he ALWAYS calls when I am writing in my journal about him. He apologized profusely about not calling last night. I wasnt having it. You cant apologize every day about something and then continue to fuck it up again and again. Eventually these apologies run super thin. God, its so irritating. You know, I dont count on Paul for my entire happiness. But can I count on him for any sort of happiness at all? FUCK! He disappoints me on almost every level. Anyone else interested in taking me out on a date? I am almost to that point. I told Paul the other night that if he doesnt start being intimate with me again (and soon) then I will be going out and hooking up with randoms. I need to feel sexually wanted. If he doesnt want to give it to me, I will get it from someone else. I am the only 25 year old I know that is still a virgin. And that has had a boyfriend for over 3 years, yet hasnt been good and kissed in over 2 months. FUCK THIS SHIT. FUCK IT FUCK IT FUCK IT FUCK IT FUCK IT! Hes gotta go. Alright, now that I am pissed off, I am going to go home. Thank God this day is over. I really hope tonight is fun. I could use a bit of fun in my life right now. Actually, what I could really use is for a huge bodybuilder to walk into my life, pick me up into his arms, and fuck me real good. Hows that sound? Any takers? ****Sorry that the entries this week have been kind of jumbled and confusing. My head is in 13 different places right now and it is so hard for me to clear it all out and focus when I am typing. It will get better, I promise. For now, please just deal with my erratic train of thought and my horrible, almost un-intelligible, grammar.

 TGIW! Thank God its Wednesday, of course! Once the day is over, we will be just that much closer to the weekend. And we all know how I feel about the weekend! Pretty damn good! I need some sleep. I finally fell into a half-ass slumber some time around 12:30am last night and I feel completely beat. I dont understand. I was basically falling asleep while eating my pizza dinner, but once I took off my clothes, brushed my teeth, and got into bed, I sat there completely wired. I hate when that happens. I must have woken up every hour and then when my alarm finally went off, I rolled out of bed as though I had been up partying all night. Yeah, this story sucks my cock, so lets pretend like I never began it. Spoke with Rita yesterday from work and found out that she got ENGAGED on Sunday! DOH!?!? I mean, whaaaa?! We all knew it was coming, but it figures that it happens 48 hours after she moves to Syracuse. I wanted it to happen while she was in NYC with me so that she and I could jump around and scream like lil girls. But insteadI sorta screamed on the phone when she told me. I wish I had given her a better reaction. It was the first time I had talked to her since she left and there was so much shit going through my head to begin with that when she mentioned the engagement, I was like yay! instead of YAY!. I think you understand what I mean. Either way, YAY I AM GOING TO BE A BRIDESMAID! Okay, maybe I wont get to wear the frilly dress and all, but hells if I aint going to her Bacherlorette party. Rita is pretty classy, so she probably wont have naked mens running around in g-strings. But if I have anything to do with the planning, there will be at least one naked mens for me! In fact, if I can get this gut of mine in shape by the time the wedding comes around, maybe I can jump out of the cake myself and be the naked mens! Wishful thinking. I had pizza AGAIN for lunch today. BTWthat means pizza for dinner last night and then pizza for lunch today. SOMEBODY STOP ME! (Say that like Jim Carrey from The Mask ) Sike. Dont say it that way ever. There is no date set yet for the wedding. I am thinking that Rita found it best to unpack her boxes before she settled on a date for the marriage. Gosh. Rita is the first member of our group of friends, from college, that has gotten engaged. Pretty big! I couldnt love her boyfriend/fianc any more than I do. He is the love genius. His personality matches hers perfectly and they will be undeniably happy together. Wow. Engaged at 26. I will never know such a thing. CONGRATS to my favorite RITA LOVELY! ~HUGE KISS AND HUGS!~ I have yet to tell everyone at work that Rita has gotten the ring. I told Ari and my mom about it, but I havent told anyone else. I wanted Rita to be able to break the news to them. Its her big news afterall. But if she doesnt tell everyone by this weekend, I know I will blurt it out. It was damn near impossible not telling Kelly last night. Good thing she is working over the next couple of days or I would surely spill my gay beans. Mariahs birthday is on Monday. Tomorrow night I am going with her to a lesbo bar in the city and on Friday, a bunch of us are taking her out to a different lesbo bar for drinks, etc. I will do whatever she wants to do. Unfortunately, her devil roommate, Rachel, is going on Friday. Rachel has already told Mariah that she wants to go to at least one straight place Friday night, before we go to the lesbo bar. Im sorry. Whos birthday is it Rachel? You fucking selfish piece of shit garbage bitch. I wish I could explain to you how truly awful Rachel is. Shes sowellsoumgodshe is frozen barf. And I say frozen, cuz she is one uptight and frigid cunt. Now I think you understand. But Mariah is excited about this weekend and all that she asks is that everyone gets along and has a good time. So what she really means is: Joe, behave yourself, but if people get out of hand, please take care of business. And that I surely will do. With guilty pleasure. I got bad news today. My dad called me at work this morning at around 9:15am. The minute I answered the phone, I go: Oh God. Who died? Cuz he only calls me at work (and early in the morning) if something bad has happened. And sure enough, something bad has happened. My brother received his orders this morning for the war in Iraq. We have been dreading this moment since the minute the two planes hit the World Trade Center Towers. At this point he is unable to tell us where he is going. He was notified that he will not be front line and most likely will be part of the clean-up duty/stabalize the country mission that will take place immediately following the invasion. This is good news, but its not the best news. (best news obviously being that he comes home to his big brother right now) Unfortunately, he will be leaving for training and combat preparation in 3 weeks. We were hoping and kind of counting on the fact that he wouldnt be leaving until the beginning of June, maybe late May. But instead, he will most likely be gone by the end of March. My brother has been trained to shoot people in the face. He will be driving tanks and will be carrying loaded weapons from the moment he wakes up till the moment he goes to bed. He is also in charge of a 60 person platoon. Quite a lot of responsibility for a 23 year old. There is always a chance that he will be killed on one of these missions, but the best I can do at this point is trust in Gods inevitable plan for Winfields life. There is no use in sitting here and worrying every day about it. I have no power or control over this situation at all. Man. I just love this kid with every ounce of my being. I am the older brother. I should be looking out for him, giving him the advice that he needs. Instead, I sit here in comfy America watching the whole thing unfold on a television. Its frustrating and its heart breaking. But its not the end of the world. And if it werent for people like Winfield, my life wouldnt be what it is now. (which is a piece of shit.) Sike. Sorta sike. I will definitely keep everyone posted as to how he is doing. If you are the praying type, say one for all the men and women who are on the front lines of this thing. I am personally uncomfortable with the idea of war, but I stand behind my country in its decisions. Its one thing to argue a war before it happens. Its completely another to watch other peoples loved ones get slaughtered for your freedom while you sit there talking about how wrong the war is. Whether or not you want this war to happen, please remember that our friends and family members are risking their lives so that you can have an opinion. I am so proud of my brother. He is doing something that I could never do. He is risking his life for me. Thank you Winfield. Thank you on behalf of all of us. Well, I guess that is it for today. Its weird writing this journal with Rita being so far away. Usually she is right in the next room as I sit here and type. I hope she is still reading. HA! I know she is. She is my biggest fan! My biggest Swimfan that is. Member that lame movie? yeah me either. PEAYCE! (in the middle east)

 Man alive! The last 5 days have been nothing short of a whirlwind. It would be ridiculous for me to dive into a day by day summary since so much happened in such little time. Basically, Rita and her incredible boyfriend, Randy, in conjunction with Mariah and Paul, moved Kelly and I into Times Square. It was BY FAR the hardest move I have ever been a part of. Imagine trying to get 2,000 pounds of bullshit up 4 flights of stairs. It was damn near impossible and I almost vomited from sheer exhaustion. It was a beast, to say the least. Beast and least. Kelly and I helped pack up Ritas U-Haul at the crack of dawn on Friday morning and after a gut wrenching sobfest, she and her boyfriend set off for their new home, Syracuse. Pulling away from our Queens apartment, while waving goodbye to Rita, was one of the hardest things I have ever had to do. Seeing her standing on the curb, tears streaming down her face Me sitting in the cab, chest heaving from losing my co-joined twin It was awful. As we drove over the Queensboro Bridge that morning, the three of us wiped our tears and looked at what was to be our new home. THE ISLAND OF MANHATTAN! Needless to say, the excitement was at a bare minimum. Upon arriving at the apartment, Kelly, Mariah and I worked our asses off trying to set up the new pad. We had planned on taking a quick nap, but once we got started, we didnt stop until the place was finished. By 5pm that evening, Kelly and I had managed to set up our entire place. Of course, it took us through the weekend to tweek the rooms. We have about 3 apartments worth of stuff and had to find some way to fit it all into our 4-room apartment. It was hard and frustrating and without beer, I dont know if I could have barreled through it. Kellys friend, Stephanie, came by Friday night and was our first visitor. She was much impressed with what we had done with the place. She hung out for a bit and I think my head finally hit the pillow at around 3am. Saturday morning my parents came down to visit. The location and the amount of work we had already put into the place FLOORED them. They took me to K-mart and bought me $200 worth of stuff. (I was planning on paying for half of the stuff, but my mom informed me, at the cash register, that not only am I not getting a tax refund this year, I owe the IRS $400! After a brief, tear welling breakdown, my parents offered to help me out in whatever way they can.) After we got back from K-mart, my parents worked their asses off trying to put together the stuff we bought. We then proceeded to drink beers and play cards for the rest of the night. My dad and I stayed up until 4:30am talking about anything and everything. On Sunday I barely moved out of my bed. Yesterday I had to stay home in order to fix all that should have been fixed by the time we moved in. Lights, heat, hot water, etc. It was a frustrating day, but ended on a very high note. Paul came by around 5pm and he was AMAZING. He was supportive, funny, and a big help. We ordered dinner and laid in each others arms for the rest of the night. How do I feel now that the tornado had spit me out? Well, I feel empty. I feel lost. I feel like I have no idea how to start over. I feel like half of my heart moved to Syracuse. Its been a lot harder adjusting to Ritas absence than I originally thought it would be. I was sure that with the new environment I wouldnt have any time to think about the fact that she was gone. Unfortunately that has not been the case. On Sunday night I managed to get some reception on my TV antennae (can we get fucking cable already?!?!!?) and there was a documentary on eczema on PBS. I watched it and was reminded of a story that Rita told me once, about how this girl had an online journal and wrote about how her body was covered in the stuff. Instead of crying for the girl with scaly skin, I cried for Rita and for myself. And I cried hard. In fact, I put myself right to sleep. And it was 7pm! This whole thing has just been overwhelming. I dont know where anything is in Times Square. Laundry? Blockbuster? A grocery store? Gosh, I feel lost. Its rather intimidating walking out of my apartment and right into the heart of Broadway. There is no time to prepare. One minute you are in my safe, little, quiet apartment, the next minute, you are standing in front of Beauty and the Beast and several thousand tourists. I know that eventually I will love it. But for now.for now its really lonely. Tonight I am going home to drink some beers and to forget. I have already finished decorating my room, so tonight I will put photos in a couple albums I got lying around. Fucking exciting, eh? Paul works until 10pm, so I am meeting him at his job and then staying over night at his place. I just dont want to be alone. Kelly is being great about everything. We are getting along wonderfully just the two of us. But we are in different places with this move. She definitely has more excitement about it than I do. I am sure I will join her in jubilation, but its just going to take me some time. For now, I lament the fact that Rita is living 5 hours away. My heart hurts so bad. Ok, gotta get back to work. Lunch is almost over. Will try to be more positive tomorrow.

 Pretty nervous right now. I have to leave work at 3:30pm today to get to my first audition ever in NYC! YIPES! Its not going to be too difficult since I only have to do a cold reading. I dont have to prepare a monologue or anything, so its not like I am actually performing for them. I anticipate that they will hand me a very generic paragraph of literature and I will have to read it with some sort of conviction. Sounds easy enough. What I am hoping is that I will walk in to the interview, they will see how devastatingly handsome I am, and offer to represent me right away. Now, wouldnt THAT be great? I have been praying and praying all day that I will be able to relax in front of these people, that I will be able to be myself. I havent worked this long on a winning personality just to go in and act as though I am shy or that I possess no sense of humor. But sometimes I freeze up and let my nerves take over. In all honesty, if I take a huge dump before I go, I will most likely be fine. Most of my nerves come from my asshole anyway. The other night when Paul and I were pseudo hooking up and watching television, we came across the strangest thing! A regular TV program came on, but it was engineered for the blind. The actors all said their lines as normal, but thrown in intermittently was a narrator that would start describing the scene as though we had both just lost our sight. For example, if I was blind, this is what I would have heard: Johnny: Susan, I asked you to please pick up Daniel from school today. Where were you? Susan: I forgot all about it! Work has had me swamped and I had no way Johnny: NO SUSAN! You have done this repeatedly in the past. Narrator: Johnny picks up Daniel under his arms and places him on a chair in the kitchen. Susan: Dont yell at me. I support this household financially, so you should expect that sometimes you may have to go out of your way to help. Narrator: Johnny shrugs his shoulders and turns his back to Susan. Susan: Look at me when I am talking to you. Daniel: Mommy, dont yell at daddy! Susan: Shut your fucking face Daniel. SHUT UPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP!!!! Narrator: Daniel begins to cry. Hahahaok, I started to get a bit carried away with the fake plot line I just created. But you see what I am talking about. It was so weird to sit there, pretend we were blind, and still know what was going on. I mean, to be honest, it wasnt much fun and we only remained on the channel for a couple minutes. But how weird! I think Paul said it best when he said: You knowif I was blindI think I would give up television all together. There are other things that blind people can do for fun. And you know what? There is. Like reading books. Well, Braile-ish books. I dont know. Leave me alone. My dad talked to my brother from Baghdad yesterday. My brother only had a few minutes to talk, but he let my dad know that he is safe and doing well so far. He feels confident about his training and according to my dad, was ready to complete the mission and get home as soon as possible. Gosh, its strange how much more I miss him now that I know he is in the desert and not sitting in his plush apartment. I mean, Im still not going to see him any more than I would have if he was still on his Germany ARMY base, but just knowing that he was there and not holding an assault weapon in Iraq, made me feel like he was still close. And safe. But it will all be fine. Just gotta keep telling myself that. Stay positive! BTWif one more person tells me to stay positive, I am going to punch them in their cunt. I ate so healthy yesterday! I never eat breakfast, but yesterday I decided to start and with a banana. For lunch I had a salad and a yogurt. For dinner I had chicken breast and green beans! I was so proud of myself. But then I made the mistake of sharing a bottle of wine with Kelly and eating an entire loaf of garlic bread. Then I found some candy in my room and ate that too. Then I chewed some gum, cuz seriouslywhy was I ruining my whole health day by shoving candy down my gullet? I know why. Cuz I have a lazy eye. Ok, Sike no I dont. (I forget that I cant make those jokes, cuz no one on here knows if that is true or not) Speaking of which When Rita came to visit, one of the first things she said was: I thought I was going to have to talk to you about your eating habits cuz on your journal you say that you have gained so much weight. Joe, you look exactly the way you did when I left. Which is beautiful! Ok, so I made up the last sentence. But it got me to thinkingdoes everyone that reads my journal think I am a huge beast? Cuz let me just clarify for everyonewhen I say that I am gaining weight and that I am a gigantic monster with blue cheese laden french fries hanging out of my mouth, I am totally kidding. Well, not about the french fries. Those are hanging out of my mouth. But definitely about the gigantic part. I am pretty. Very pretty. Alright, I hate what I have just written. Its like trying to convince a deaf person that I play really beautiful music. Ok, what is with me and the blind and deaf today? So sorry to offend anyone with these inflictions. snores. YIPES! Two more hours until my audition. Someone say a prayer for me! And if not, Ill just say another one for myself. I really hope this goes well. Really hope.

 Before I discuss the big thing I need to discuss, there are two things that I need to get off my chest immediately. I couldnt possibly go forward with this entry without clearing my mind of these thoughts first. 1) Sometimes life is funny. Sometimes it is absurd. Sometimes Monica Lewinsky ends up as the host of a television show called Mr. Personality . Truth is, I hate every being of HER personality so much that I wish she was the one wearing a mask. I wish I didnt even have to blog about her. She doesnt deserve the space I have to offer. But after her ranting and raving on last nights episode, I thought that it was only fair that I write a short paragraph about why she deserves to never EVER be on television again. First off, she sucks. Literally. Bitch is internationally known for having presidential jizz on both her mouth and her clothing. Whatever opinion anyone has on this subject, the truth remainsshe is a worldwide jizz eater. Second, you have entertainment talent?? I mean WHAAA?? Most hosts of reality television have no talent as a rule, but MonicaMonica seriously shouldnt even be allowed to get a headshot. Why WOULD SHE? Shes a jizz eater. Not an entertainer. Thirdly, as I sit and watch Monica Doublechinsky talk to the other members of the show, I am appalled at her lack of interesting things to say, but mostly at her lack of class when addressing the suitors. When one of the contestants quit due to the pressure of the game (FUCKING LAME!!), Monica FREAKS out and gives the whole group the most annoying and condescending lecture on being a man. We have rules, people, and you must follow them. If you dont want to be a part of this process anymore, be a MAN and wait until the selection has made. And lastly (fourthly), she takes herself so fucking seriously that I cant possibly hold down my anger laden vomit. When she does anything, but stand there statuesque, I find myself scraping my fingers down the side of my face. MY GOD I HATE THIS WOMAN. Mostly becauseGET THE FUCK OFF THE TELEVISION! You arent an actress! You are someone who was made famous because of nonsense. Now wipe your mouth and go back to your cave. 2) I happened to catch the E(!) True Hollywood Story of my one and only love, Nell Carter, this weekend. Not much of the special shook me up, but then during the last two minutes of the show, they throw in a HUGE secret. Nell Carter is a lesbian? Lesbiawhaaaaaa??? WHO KNEW! Surely not me. And I AM a lesbian. I dont get it. Why are some people tortured for their sexuality and some people are just left alone? Nell had a very difficult life and I am not saying that she should have been tortured. But how did it slip by me that she was lesbionic. I still sit here shocked and am a little upset that she didnt tell me about it when she was still alive. Nellieoh Nellie. Had I only known who you truly were when you were still alive. Sadness fills my heart. OkI feel much better now. Is it wrong to say that I wish Nell Carter was alive right now instead of Monica Lewinsky? Yes Joe. Yes, that is wrong to say. Last night Paul and I did something that we havent done in months! We hooked up! UM! I KNOW! See, this is how it all went down Paul and I begin watching The Simpsons at 6:30pm. We are getting along wonderfully; laughing, hugging, playing who can stand the longest pinch. I called my Pot Guy because Paul was in the mood to smoke a fatty joint with me. I wasnt much in the mood for getting the pot, but was trying to be as amiable as possible. As we were joking around, I happened to notice that he was sporting a pretty hefty boner. I thought Nows my chance. I can use this opportunity to get us over the weirdness of starting back in with our long lost physical relationship. I gently began playing with his dick, wondering if he was going to pull away from me, as he does every time I begin to turn the moment sensual. It indeed was the right moment. Here is what happened next: Joe: (fingering the shaft of his cock) Can I kiss you? Paul: I dont know if we should do this. Joe: Can I kiss you? Paul: Ok. Joe: (Begins to kiss Paul lightly on the lips, all the while playing with his cock and balls) Paul: (Kisses back, but body language indicates that he is nervous and uncomfortable) Eventually, the moment escalated to my kissing him down his chest, onto his stomach, and then to his boxer briefs. I begin nibbling on the outside of the cloth and he relaxed. He gave in to me. I stripped off his boxers and began giving him the most amazing blow job that I could give. He started breathing heavier and faster and I began going to town. I wasnt at all worried about pleasing me. My hope was to get our relationship back on track. Having not been intimate with him over the last two-three months has certainly placed us in a very awkward position in our relationship. As I am about to get him off, the phone rings. The Pot Guy. I groan and pick up the phone and tell him where to meet up with me. Paul immediately stands up and says: Well that was that. And when you get back, I wont be horny anymore. So were done for today. My jaw hit the floor. I stood there, not knowing whether to cry, or to punch him in the face. I slowly put on my shoes, grabbed the money, and head out the door. During the entire walk to and from meeting up with Pot Guy, I kept running his comments over and over in my head. Well that was that. And when you get back, I wont be horny anymore. So were done for today. Well that was that. And when you get back, I wont be horny anymore. So were done for today. Well that was that. And when you get back, I wont be horny anymore. So were done for today. Well that was that. And when you get back, I wont be horny anymore. So were done for today. Well that was that. And when you get back, I wont be horny anymore. So were done for today. Well that was that. And when you get back, I wont be horny anymore. So were done for today. Well that was that. And when you get back, I wont be horny anymore. So were done for today. Well that was that. And when you get back, I wont be horny anymore. So were done for today. Well that was that. And when you get back, I wont be horny anymore. So were done for today. Well that was that. And when you get back, I wont be horny anymore. So were done for today. Well that was that. And when you get back, I wont be horny anymore. So were done for today. By the time I got back to the apartment, I was fuming angry. I walk in and sit down on his bed, next to him. I sit quietly staring at the television. Paul: Whats wrong? Joe: Nothings wrong. Paul: Please tell me whats wrong. Joe: Paul, what do you THINK is bothering me? Paul: Ok. I shouldnt have said what I did before you left the apartment. It was wrong of me. Joe: Yes it was wrong of you. I feel so embarrassed and betrayed by you. You are making no effort to improve this aspect of our relationship. At this point, we say we are in love, but if we dont start making love soon, we are done. I am not going to spend my time trying to make my boyfriend want me when he has no interest in it. Paul: I do want you. I just dont know how to get back to the place that we were at before everything went wrong. Joe: Everything didnt go wrong. You just gave up. I am 25 years old Paul and I get hit on DAILY by people. Do you think that I have no libido at all and just dont care about being intimate with people? Cuz if thats what you think, then you are sorely mistaken. PaulI am going to cheat on you. I am. We fix this or you come to grips with the fact that the next time an attractive male hits on me, which will be SOON, I am going to take him up on the offer, and I am not going to feel bad about it. I have tried with you over and over to help in whatever way I can. But its not working and all you do in reciprocation is shut me down and make me feel bad. I am done. Paul sits on the bed staring at me for awhile and eventually puts his hand on my leg. Paul: I want to work on this with you. I need to take this slow. I dont want you to be with anyone else, but I dont know if I can give you what you want right now. Joe: As long as you understand the point I am trying to make. I laid next to him on the bed and we began to kiss and touch again. Our cocks sprang to attention and we cautiously played with each others members. (members = lame term for COCKS) As we began to hook up again, I felt him start to pull back. Joe: You said you wanted to take this slow, so lets just each masturbate. We can do it together and we can make it casual and easy. Paul: Ok. I would like to do that. Joe: Can we kiss while we do it? Paul: Yes. And that we did. We came together for the first time in months last night. He was very happy with the way things turned out and I pretended that I was to. When I was in the bathroom cleaning up, tears pricked at my eyes. I wasnt as happy with the outcome as he was. Its a first step and it will hopefully get better from here. But if it doesnt If it doesnt, than Paul and I are going to have to have another talk about his willingness to participate in our relationship. All in all, it was a step in the right direction. Too bad Monica Lewinsky had to go and ruin everything when she showed her fat head on my television.

 This is the IP Address of the pathetic loser that keeps leaving me obnoxious comments: 129.44.26.# Also: Internet Explorer 5.22 Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 5.22; Mac_PowerPC) This isn't the only computer he uses. I have the other IP addresses of the other computers/servers he uses too. I have so much information on this kid, so please someone tell me how to use it! :-D SOMEONE HELP ME DESTROY THIS FUCKER ONCE AND FOR ALL!

 The Return of Joe CuttheShit! I am lucky. I am lucky to have such a wonderful family. I am lucky to have friends that want nothing else than for me to be with them and be happy. I am lucky to have a boyfriend that loves me more than he loves anyone else. I am lucky to have a brother that makes me proud daily by doing the things I could never dream of doing. I am lucky to be alive. I have had a lot of time to think over the past two weeks. I spent numerous days in bed, staring at the wall. I spent hours on the phone with my parents assuring them that I am not going to kill myself. I saw Kellys show and I said goodbye to my brother. There were things that threatened to consume me, but I found a way to barrel through the way I felt. I sit here today, somewhat proud of how well I did and somewhat ashamed that I couldnt do better. In either case, I am going to write off the last two weeks as a time in my life that I would rather forget. I am hoping to move on and to grow stronger within myself. I am hoping to take care of my depression now, so that I am not stuck in the midst of a crash again. I cringe at the thought of re-visiting last week. The support I received from this website was overwhelming, to say the least. The fact that there are people in the world that would take time to send emails of encouragement, having never met me before, fills me with a restored faith in humanity. I want to thank everyone for taking the time out of their busy lives to make sure that I was doing alright. The few moments of happiness that I had over the last week was in direct relation to the support I received through my site. Thank you. Now, onwards and upwards! Over the last two weeks, Paul has become a boyfriend sent directly from Heaven. He has done all that is in his power to make me smile. I am more in love with Paul now than I ever have been and I feel blessed to have someone like him in my life. Last night, knowing that I said goodbye to my brother yesterday afternoon, Paul showed up at my apartment with a bouquet of flowers and some take out dinner. He was the one person that I wanted to see. His smile is so beautiful and when he walked through my door, it took all I had not to jump all over him. As we slept last night, I would wake up to find his arms holding me extra tight. If I moved to the end of the bed, Paul would move too and would rest his hand on my head. I woke up quite a few times to him running his fingers through my hair, or scratching my back with his hand. The tenderness in his touch was exactly what I needed. Im not so sure I needed the eight pounds of mashed potatoes that I shoved into my face before going to bed, but still The high in NYC today is 83. The sun is shining with full force and there is a light breeze in the air. For lunch I am going to sit in the park and read the newspaper. I am going to look at the river and allow myself to relax. I will take deep breaths of fresh air and then I will shove a cigarette between my lips to counterbalance the oxygen that I dont deserve. I had originally planned on buying some fruit for lunch (yes, I knowAtkins doesnt approve of fruit, but hes dead now so I can have it) but now as my stomach churns and burns with massive hunger pangs, I think Shit, roast beast sounds mighty good! Like I would ever eat roast beast. Well, unless it was covered in cheese. One time One time I was at the Warp Tour. Dont ask me what the Warp Tour is if you have never heard of it. I think its like Ska bands or something. At the time of the concert, I was trying to be cool so I pretended like I was really into Ska. Now I dont care and am pretty much proud of the fact that Celine Deons I Drive All Night is my new favorite song. In any case, while I was at the Warp Tour, I decided to grab a bite to eat. Kelly was there with me, as well as our friend, Slam. Yes. I know. But Slam is her real name. So we go up to this food court type place and we look over the menu. Its raining outside and everyone is kind of grumpy. There must be 15 people in line and no one is happy to be soaking wet. Suddenly we hear SNOOPY WANTS FRIES! The loud voice made us jump out of our skins. We pressed forward in line with hopes of getting ourselves some fries too. Then againloud and above all the other noise, we hear SNOOPY WANTS FRIES!.WITH CHEESE ON IT! Now we burst out laughing, cuz cheese on it and we turn around and catch sight of the guy who is screaming things about Snoopy. Lo and behold, this crazy man, has a puppet of Snoopy on his hand and he is acting as though Snoops was really alive. SNOOPY WANTS FRIES! WITH CHEEEEEEEEEEESE ON IT!. As he moved closer to the counter, he would twist his wrist so that Snoopy would get more excited about the impending cheese fries. Snoopy had conversations with girls in the line and Snoopy was even holding a 5-dollar bill in his mouth. Probably hoping to pay for the food with his own money. All I remember after that is that Kelly, Slam and I laughed for years. Snoopy wants fries. With cheese on it. Gosh, sometimes you just want to pinch your tits and make sure you are not sleepinglife is too funny. I have a bruise on my left arm the size of a half dollar bill. Numerous people have asked me what it is from and I honestly dont know. It just kind of appeared. What I didnt tell anybody is that last night I laid in bed for 10 minutes convincing myself that it was a lesion. My heart started to pound in my chest and instead of worrying about my health, I thought What am I possibly going to tell my parents! I guess thats a normal reaction, but I think that at some point, I gotta stop worrying so much about mom and dad. They have their own lives afterall and all they want is for me to have the same. Interesting dilemma. Dilemma = Kelly Rowlands and Nelly. Boo. AUDI. Peace.

 Depression. Webster's Dictionary defines depression as: A psychiatric disorder characterized by an inability to concentrate, insomnia, loss of appetite, anhedonia, feelings of extreme sadness, guilt, helplessness and hopelessness, and thoughts of death. Also called clinical depression. I define it as (and I wrote this before looking up the literal definition. Scary right?): Having zero control over personal happiness. Can't fulfill daily responsibilities or personal activities due to the extreme feeling of sadness. There tends to be no specific cause for this type of emotion. See also helplessness and hopelessness . I have struggled with "depression" since I was a senior in highschool. I remember going through pathetic bouts of anorexia, bullimia and the lame old "burning myself with cigarettes" before I realized that putting the pain onto my body wasn't in any way taking away the feeling I was struggling with inside. I went to counselors, psychiatrists, through 6 months of St. John's Wart, and through 9 months of Prozac. Then I thought the problem could be my latent homosexuality, so I came out of the closet. But then I thought that being an "Education Major" in college was it, so I changed my major to "Theater". After switching my major, I took myself off the medicine cuz I found that it was only making me crazier on the inside. Rather than try a new form of anti-depressant, I chose to control my own life free of psychiatric drugs. For two years it worked beautifully. I remember being on the phone with my mom during one weekday afternoon and she asked "How do you feel today?". I responded "Better than I have ever felt in my life. Finding my passion in theater has changed my world for the positive." I was legitimately happy. Once out of college, I moved to Boston in order to work on my first "true love" relationship with Paul. Over that year I had ups and downs, but was for the most part, still happy. As time went on, as I moved to NYC in search of my dream, I lost every bit of confidence and control that I worked so hard to build. I used to look in the mirror and love what I saw. I used to go through my day awake and alert having slept only 5 hours the night before. I was busy and I was happy. NYC presented challenges to me that I was not ready to face. I was the big fish in a little pond at college. I owned the theater department. In the matter of a year and a half I got the grades, the roles, the responsibility, and the respect that I have always wanted. Everyone wanted to be my friend and everyone looked up to me in a way that now seems impossible. Every professor at school told me "Enjoy this now because NYC will be a much bigger pond". I would laugh it off and say "Yeah I know". But only now do I really know. I went from a place where I was the king to a place where I have 5 friends. Literally 5(!) friends. I have spent two years in this gigantic city and have nothing social to show for it. I don't go to great parties. I don't have celebrity encounters. I don't EVER get to wear a tie. My life is filled with random nights of drinking, movie watching, staring at the wall. I am afraid to step out of my house. Because my financial situation is so tight, I haven't had a new piece of clothing since Christmas. I used to have great clothes. I use to feel wonderful and powerful. And now I have been reduced to this paranoid, insecure, child that can't seem to get dressed in the morning and do something as simple as go to work. I am sad. So sad. I have tried over and over throughout the last couple of years to blame my sadness on other things. Most recent being my brother's upcoming depolyment to Iraq. But in the past it was the long distance with my boyfriend. It was the apartment in Queens. It was anything I could put blame on so that my sadness was justified. It is impossible for me to look at myself and be proud of where I am. As has been told to me over and over, I have a "great apartment, financial stability, a successful relationship, wonderful friends, a family that adores and loves me". But I look at all of this and think so what? It seems so easy. Like something anybody could do. I haven't WORKED to have all of this. It's just what happened while I was sitting around feeling sorry for myself. Most people don't truly understand what depression is like. From what I can tell, the general public falls into these categories: 1) Everyone gets depressed This is the most common of responses. These people truly believe that people with depression are lazy and in need of attention. In their minds, depression happens to everyone and you just gotta dust yourself off and move on. When I discuss depression with these type of people, I am mostly left with a feeling of confusion. These people tend to be closed minded and also believe that homosexuality, as with depression, is a state of mind. Case in point. Their team slogan would be: "STOP MAKING EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU!" 2) I get depressed too I feel bad for these people. They don't mean it. They just need someone to talk to. And as someone who struggles with a deep form of depression, I have a hard time being the support system for these type of people. Of course I'll do it as I have a soft spot for anyone in emotional trouble. But I can't be THE support system. The one that makes it all better. I hide from that. I am scared by that need in other people. In my opinion, these people go through depression for a specific reason. IE: miscarriage, death in the family, losing an eye in an accident involving jism. (i had to throw a joke in this entry somewhere!) These people get a taste of what depression is, but usually end up okay. They are lucky enough to see the horrors of it, but strong enough to break free of it. They will never return to this state of mind, because it scares them too deeply. 3) I am bi-polar, manic, suicidal, crazy depressed These people make me look the other way the minute I cross their paths. Truth be told, these are the most interesting and wonderful people on the planet. Experiencing their highs with them is like being on planet fun. They are constantly making jokes, ready to do wild and spontaneious things, and more than ready to make you have a good time. But as with the law of gravity, what goes up, must come down. Their lows are terrifying. These are the people that really do burn and cut themselves. A person with these type of disorders will call you to tell you that they are taking a bottle of pills to end their life and by the time you get to them, they have actually done it. They want to be helped, but they can't figure out how to ask. How to make anyone truly understand. I used to be incredibly good friends with someone who was manic. For a long time, she was the only support to my depression that I could accept. She understood me. She knew what to do to make us feel better. She was my mentor. But when I got better and she didn't, she grasped on to me with desperation. I realized that to be better I needed to be away from her and she realized that she needed me to feel the same way that she did. I turned my back and left her. And I will never forgive myself for that. But like I said, these people are intense and if you aren't completely balanced, it's almost impossible to have a successful relationship with them. 4) I love you so much and would do anything to make this better for you These people tend to be best friends, family, boyfriend-girlfriends. The amount of love and frustration that comes out of these people is mindblowing. My parents want nothing more than for me to be happy. When I had my first depression crash in college, they drove up to get me and brought me home to make me better. They paid for doctor's, counselors, medicines, you name it. They follow my rules and do whatever they can to not shake me up, but still find a way to let me know that they are always there. My friends are this way with me too. Always available and always willing to extend a hand of support. The only problem with these type of people is that they are the last people you want to go to in the midst of a depression crisis. They know you and will make you tell them exactly how you feel. When I am having a day where I am teetering on the edge of sanity or madness, I hide from these people cuz they will push me into the madness unknowingly. "How are you feeling today?" "You don't seem like youself." "Do you want to talk about anything?" While I am so grateful to have them actually asking, I rarely take them up on the offer. I feel guilty telling these people that I am "just going to bed". I feel terrible saying "Sorry I didn't call, I was having a 'down day'". These people love me so much that I feel hurt by not allowing them to make this all better. I don't know how to let them in. 5) I love you, but can't accept the fact that you are depressed For me, this person is Paul. Paul has such influence on me that he believes that he can single handedly put me back together. He has expectations of me that I must fulfill and if I don't he is unaccepting of the depression excuse. He is a combination of numbers 2 and 4. He gets sad too and will force himself to get out of it. If I am sad, he assumes that I will just do the same thing. For me, he is the one person I want to be around when I am depressed. I can scream at him, cry in front of him, and be silent in front of him. He doesn't cut me any slack and for right now, I like that. He gets me out of the house and he puts my mind on other things. When people are in AA, they need a partner to help them get through it. I feel that it's the same method that people with depression should use. My partner is Paul. Most times he doesn't truly understand how I feel, but regardless, he will get me through my day. Unfortunately, when things go wrong, I blame Paul. I trust in him and I rely on him, so when things crash down in my life, I expect Paul to make it better. He is the one forcing me to live my life afterall. Paul needs to become a little more of number 4 and I think that I could begin taking some major steps. These type of people are the ones that people with depression need around. They are the ones to get you back into your routine. This is the world around me. Over the last couple of days, I have dissected what I really need to do to become better. A) (we use letters now) I need to start acting. An audition here or there. It will help me to feel like I have a purpose. I can't put all of my hopes on acting, but I have to at least begin to do what I came to this city to do. My mom said today that if I don't go to this pending audition that I have on Saturday, she will ground me. "Joe, if anything else, do this for your mother". And she's right. I will do it for her. Cuz I can't seem to do it for myself. B) I need a counselor. Since leaving college I have had two sessions with a psychiatrist. I am the first person to tell you that you need one, but am the last person to take the advice myself. I can't afford the counselor that I want and haven't had the drive to find someone for cheap. It's as though I need someone to do it for me. I will go...I just don't want to find the person myself. Talking to someone, whether it be once a week, or once a month, will give me hope that I am getting better. That I am doing what I need to be doing for the disease that I have. It will be accepting the fact that I am depressed and that I can't do it by myself. C) I need to go to the doctor's. I need a check up. I need to know that everything is ok with my body and that I don't have lung cancer or something. Everyone has these thoughts, but not everyone stays in bed all day obsessing about each cigarette because they are SURE that they have already crossed the point of getting the cancer. I need to know that I am ok. While there, I need to discuss the option of going back on an anti-depressent. I have been doing my research and I think that "Welbutrin" will be the way to go. It has a supplement in it that aids with quitting smoking. If I go on Welbutrin AND I quit smoking, I am taking steps towards truly healing myself. It seems like an impossibility, but I know that if I make the effort, I can achieve it. So that's it. I wrote all of this, cuz I needed to get it all out. I needed to write it and see it and read it as though it were all real and not just something that I am making up in my head. My dad just called to check up on me and it was a really good talk. People do love me and are only frustrated with me because they want to do for me what I can't seem to do for myself. If you are someone that is hurt by me because I haven't "showed up" or I haven't made any effort to see you when I said I would, understand that it's not you. It's me and I haven't figured out how to be myself yet. I always feel like I am letting people down because they just don't understand that I have no control. Sadness is something that happens to everyone and I don't ever expect not to be sad. But I can't expect other people to make this better for me. I can't expect other people to take my sadness away. The answer doesn't lie anywhere, but in my heart. I have two choices. I can either let this thing control me or I can make every effort possible to control it. The last thing I want is to let it beat me. I am a strong person. I am a capable person. I want to be someone that everyone else aspires to be. I used to be that be that person. And if I try hard enough, I can make it happen again.

 TGIW! Sike. First and foremost, I have to get something off my chest. Last night, I slept like a fucking rock. I didnt wake up once during the night and I had the deepest and most powerful sleep. Sometime before I woke up, I had the most upsetting dream. It started out completely normal, but then ended in such a way that even though it has been a good 3 hours since I woke up, I still have the feelings of anxiety and sadness coursing through my veins. Heres my dream: I am hanging out with some friends at a house in upstate New York. We are all sitting around in a living room area playing cards and listening to music. Some of the people are drinking beer, but I am feeling tired and not in the mood to drink. Eventually, the craziness of the drunken people starts to get to me, so I decide that I am going to take a quick nap. At this point, it must be around 2pm. The sun is shining through the windows and the room is very brightly lit, despite the cloud of smoke that is hovering in the air from all of the cigarette smokers. I pick up my soda from the room and put my own cigarettes into my pocket. I tell everyone that I will be back and I head up the stairs to a bedroom at the far end of the house. I enter through the door and immediately smell fresh linen. I set my soda and cigarettes on the bedside table and I take off my shoes. I feel good. I feel happy to be taking a nap. I feel exhausted and immediately lay down on the bed. As I lay there, I have a hard time falling to sleep. I try to get as deep into the covers as possible, but no matter how much I toss and turn, I cant fall asleep. I decide to sit up and smoke a cigarette in order to relax myself. I lean over and turn on the television and light up my butt. When the TV turns on, one of the news stations is broadcasting a shuttle landing in St. Louis. There is a picture of the Arches and a crowd of at least a couple thousand people standing behind them watching the spectacle. There are cameramen, signs with words of support, and families screaming and cheering at the excitement of watching the shuttle return from space. The camera zooms in on a figure in the distance and although I cant make out the exact shape of the shuttle, I can feel the energy in the crowd start to pick up. After a couple minutes, the camera pans back to its position behind the crowd of people. It was quite a beautiful scene. There were people eating ice cream and hot dogs. I remember seeing balloons and happy faces and feeling the excitement from the crowd as the cheering grew louder. The camera switches angles again and now we can see the shuttle moving closer to the landing spot. We, the people at the site and me through the television, watch the shuttle moving faster and faster, almost in clear view. The cheering of the crowd escalates to a moment of surrealism and then the unthinkable happens. The shuttle picks up even more speed and instead of moving towards the pre-determined landing site, it flies off course and smashes right down in front of the St. Louis Arches. The crowd has no idea what has happened and immediately people start screaming, grabbing their children and running as fast as they can away from the crash. The crowd is so thick with people that I can see families being knocked to the ground and trampled. The cameraman, despite the chaos, moves in closer to the crowd and through the arches, I can see the burning shuttle. There is a sudden explosion causing debris and flames to shoot out of the center of the shuttle. Like in the climactic scene of a disaster movie, the top half of the arches split in half and tip over on to the remaining people in the crowd. I see men and women alike raise their arms up in a futile attempt to stop the concrete from crushing their bodies. The concrete hits the ground with a SLAM and everyone that was previously standing under the structure has been buried. The camera, through which I am watching all of this devastation occur, shakes uncontrollably and when re-focused I see that we are now panning over the rubble. Screams still fill the air and now I can hear sirens and see a fire hose open up over the burning wreckage. The cameraman moves closer to the destroyed arches. There are people all around him trying to save their loved ones or to put out the flames that are spreading all over the area. In the midst of all of this chaos, someone shouts into the camera MOVE! ITS GOING TO FALL! The camera jerks violently towards the sky. A huge piece of the Arch breaks off the top of the remaining structure and hurtles towards the lens of the camera. I watch as the lens and TV screen is filled with a picture of falling concrete. There is a loud crash and the picture cuts out. I sit shaking in bed. I feel as though my guts have been torn out. I stand up quickly and run out of the room. I run as fast as I can to get back to the people that I left at the party. When I enter the room, I realize that there is no noise, no music, and none of my friends. I see a piece of paper tacked to the door. On it the words read: Went to see the shuttle land at the Arches. Help yourself to a beer. Be back later. In the pit of my stomach, I know that all of my friends have been killed in the tragedy. The fear and grief that I feel begins to overwhelm me. The room starts to get very dark, as though somebody was playing with a dimmer switch that is connected to my vision. I fall to my knees and wake up in my bed with a jolt. I woke up covered in sweat. I immediately sat up and realized that I was shaking uncontrollably. I reach over to light my morning cigarette. I sat in bed for 15 minutes running the dream over and over in my head. The emotion I was feeling was very intense and I did my best to shake it off. I got into the shower and got dressed, the whole time trying to convince myself that it was just a bad dream. This tragedy never happened and nobody died. But how scary that life can change over the course of a couple minutes. I dont think I started believing that it wasnt real until I got to work. Even as I write this, I still feel a bit shaky. Dreams that are that realistic stay with me for a long time. I can remember it all as though it truly happened. And its scary. SO thats that. Kind of a rough morning. In other news, Rita gets into town tomorrow morning. I get out of work today at 1pm and will not be returning until Monday at 9am. Tonight is Paul and my Date Night and since I have not seen him since last Saturday, it is sure to be a great time. I cant wait to crawl into bed with him. I miss him incredibly and need to spend some serious alone time with him before the weekend extravaganza begins. YAY RITA! YAY WEEKEND! YAY YAY! Happy Passover all! Chag Sameach or some shit.

 It is SO rare for me to have a hot guy in my office and right now that very thing is happening. I walked in from lunch to find the most beautiful man sitting in the couch in front of my desk. Its weird, I mostly go for big muscle studs, but once in a while a bigger-ish kind of guy can walk in and just sort of sweep me off my feet with their pulsing masculinity. He is wearing a black t-shirt and blue navy shorts and he is a bit hairy. He is also wearing a dark blue baseball cap (which always gets my jizz flowing). I just found out that his name is Mark. LOVE that name. Okay, he just made eye contact with me and I swear that my entire body just melted onto the floor. Man, he is so fine. I can tell that through the T-shirt that he has a beautiful body and the way he carries it is making me die with lust. I do have a boyfriend, right? Mark is now walking out and of course my eyes followed him right up until he left the office. Sometimes I have game. Most times I have game. But when I really want a guy, when I am really turned on by a guy, I lose every skill I was given. Rita used to make fun of me about this cuz she has seen me lose my shit over boys before. Its rare, but when it happens, I become this child-like creature that is helpless and in dire need of approval. I love you Mark. I know we have only known each other for 5 minutes, but let me tell you, it was the best five minutes of my day so far. **BIG SIGH**

 Well the Atkins Diet thing worked really well! You should see how much weight I have lost in the last 24 hours. Im like a brand new man. Considering this, I am done with it. I thought I could keep it going strong until at least Thursday, but nah. Im bored by it already. I am still going to change my eating habits so that I am consuming a lot LESS carbs and I am still going grocery shopping tonight to get some healthy shit up in my pad. But Dr. Atkins is a bitch and I am not really in the mood for him anymore. So well see I have decided that I absolutely adore the TV show Scrubs . At first I thought it was silly. (Like I ever use the word silly. As a gay man, Im just not allowed.) But over the last two weeks, I have started to believe in it as a brilliant and smart comedy. It makes me howl with laughter. Last week, they did the most unbelievable thing. There was a scene where all of the doctors were sitting around at a lecture and the lead doctor guy interrupts the person speaking by saying SNORE. Paul happened to be watching the show with me that night and we both burst out laughing and freaked! He used MY LINE on a TV show. Isnt it strange when you come up with a saying and then hear people use it on TV? Cuz no WAY did the Scrubs writers actually create that phrase. Clearly, I passed it on to Rita and Kelly, who in turn passed it on to people they know and so on and so forth. Man! I am so glad that my comedic genius is finally getting the attention it deserves. In all reality, hearing my pride and joy phrase SNORE, on a major network, just led me to believe that I am even more generic than I originally thought. Now I hate Scrubs . No one watch it. So, RITA is coming to NYC! It will be a very short visit, but at least I am going to be able to spend some real time with her. I was afraid that we werent going to be able to work out the visit this week and that would have sucked big time. Sometimes you just need a quick fix. Like, for example, when you sniff glue. Sniffing glue is, well, I guess, no, actually it has nothing to do with sniffing glue. Never mind. Yay Ritas coming! Just a quickiecan someone please explain to me why last week in NYC we had a foot of snow and exactly one week later, it is a blazing inferno? Is it because everyone missed the connect the dot zits that appear on my forehead when the subways become an oven? Because soon enough, they will be in full bloom! I love this weather, but hate the fact that I become this sweaty, slimy, scary beast that trudges through the subway as though I am looking for a meal made of flesh. I dont know about you, but if you dont watch the Real World/Road World Battle of the Seasons, you are missing out! The shit is gooood. So much better than that lame ass Las Vegas garbage they had going. I happened to catch that new show Punkd last night and saw that one of the people that they were playing the pranks on was Trishelle from the most recent Real World . I started SCREAMING at the television when I saw this nonsense. Dont tell me that this lame bitch thinks that she is some sort of a STAR now. Every single one of those Vegas Real Worlders better fade into the background and fast. I curse their very existence. CURSE! Havent seen Paul since Saturday night and dont plan on seeing him again until our Date Night tomorrow. Since I just got paid today, it is my turn to take us out to dinner. He pays for the meal every single week and now I have to fork over a few bones to kind of make up for my I eat everything I want and for free attitude. I am pretty sure that we are going to go out near my apartment in Midtown, but finding an affordable place to eat there is difficult. And hells if I have any chance at finding a GAY restaurant, which he considers a necessity. Honestly though Paul, grow up and learn to accept the fact that straight people are all around us. Sometimes they even have good food too. So we will, against his whining and complaining, be eating straight cuisine. Im thinking a diner of some sort. This bitch dont got enough money for us to eat in a restaurant that sells wine. Only soda and milkshakes. Time for lunch! Oh God, what do I have to eat? I heard pizza is good this time of year. Maybe Ill go check it out and see what all the fuss is about. I mean, pizza. What a strange concept. Ive never had it before. Sounds yum, no?

 Oh YAY its MONDAY! My most favoritest day of the fucking week god I hate you fucking Mondays. Really shouldnt complain since this week I have off most of Wed. and all of Thursday and Friday. But MAN if Monday still doesnt suck my twat. Had a fine weekend. Friday was spent fully drunk. Got home from work at 2:30pm and drank until 2:30am. It was seriously fun. Hung out with Kelly and her theater friends for a bit and then we went over to Pauls pad and hung with him and Jen for awhile. We went to a bar and I was confronted with the no-smoking ban for the first time since its conception. Man, let me tell you, this law sucks my cock. In the two hours we were there, I went outside to have two smokes, but NEEDED to have at least 5. It made me furious not to be able to light up. But I obeyed the laws of the man and tried to pretend as though I am not as addicted as I really am. God this new law blows a dickhead! Didnt do much else for the rest of the weekend. Truly believed that I was starting up the Atkins diet today, so whether hungry or not, I went through my house and shoved every carbohydrate into my body. I ate almost every bite of my groceries. Tomorrow I FINALLY get paid at work, so I will immediately be going to the grocery store to buy tons of vegetables, meat, and eggs. I have spent the last hour researching this diet plan online and have to admit that it looks MUCH harder than I originally planned. You arent allowed to have any sugar, carbs, milk, or anything else that tastes great. Thing is, when I want to, I can be overly committed to anything I set my mind to. And I also think I should clarify something as well I am not doing Atkins because I am obese. I am not doing Atkins cuz I need to lose massive amounts of weight. I dont seriously weigh enough for anyone to throw mud at me or poke my fat rolls in a cruelly obscene manner. What I want to do is change my eating habits. All I eat right now is cheeseburgers, pizza, and french fries, so its time that I start eating a lot more vegetables and a lot less carb. infested food. Thats why I thought that Atkins would be perfect! And so far it is. (Cept I have yet to eat anything today so I really cant speak from experience just yet.) I need protein and I need some organic, straight from the earth nutrition. And thats that. So, lets see what I can do with this new eating regimen. As for Dr. Atkins telling me that I cant drink booze while on his diet plan, I say Go fuck yourself. Drinking is a must in ANY diet plan that Joe Cut the Shit does, so dont worryI am not taking myself TOO seriously. Still not sure if Rita is coming to NYC this weekend or if I am going to Syracuse to see her. Will know by the end of today or tomorrow, I hope! Had a good talk with my brother this morning, but I found that I had nothing to say. I kept thinking that I SHOULD have something to say, considering that in two weeks he will be leaving for Iraq for at least 6 months, but stillfound myself blank. I tried not to lead on that I was braindead while we were on the phone and I am pretty sure he bought it for the most part. Mondays are hard for me to talk to anyone on the phone. Especially in the morning. My mind is always full of work-related things I need to do, and my co-workers seem to be excruciatingly annoying when I first walk in the office. But by 12pm, or so, things begin to settle down and I can get back to my usual routine of Work hard for half an hour, Take a half an hour off. Winfield did let me know that he ships out on April 26th. A week from Saturday. Wow. He will be going to Lower Iraq, most likely in or around Basra. But thats all we are allowed to know at this point. I dont feel nearly as petrified as I did a couple of weeks ago. The war is starting to come to a close, you know? Yet, I am still nervous and feel as though I will carry underlying anxiety about this whole thing until he returns safe and sound. Naturally. Every email and phone call from him, while he is gone, is going to be so important though. NO matter how little I have to say on those days, I HAVE to come up with something to talk about. MAN! Why am I such a schizo weirdo?!?! Cant I just think normally like most people?? Why do I have to sit here and worry about what I am goi- Ok, so done with that topic. Next Did NOT see House of 1000 Corpses this weekend. Kelly totally would have gone with me, cept I made the decision to stay in my bed ALL day yesterday and could not be bothered with leaving to go 3 blocks to the theater. She came home with snacks and we curled up on my bed and watched Signs together. I just got the DVD from my mom, cept it seems to be all scratched up and we ended up having to order it from Videos on Demand through Time Warner. Whatever snores, the movie was great the 7th time I saw it and Kelly really liked it too. Its a winner folks. If you havent seen it yet, go see it today. And if you didnt like it, what kind of alien are YOU!?!? This morning, though, I heard a review of Corpses on the radio and they said that it is absolute Carnage and nothing more than brutal murders. And I say to that YAY! Thats EXACTLY what I was going to see it for! I love being a sick bastard. So THIS weekend I must see it. Must Must Must! Or like the Willard scandal of March, it will be pulled from the theater within the first 3 weeks. And that movie was good! (shifty eyed emoticon) I just sat staring at my computer for at least 5 minutes without blinking or thinking a single real thought. No joke. I think I could be a literal vegetable today. Maybe its cuz of the pending Atkins diet. Maybe you really are what you eat and my brain is turning into a mushy vegetable. Gosh, thats interesting. Was I a french fry up until this point?? Well, yeah. Yeah I was. I never KNEW there was so much truth behind that little colloquialism. Alright, time for lunch. I am very excited to eat a famous actor. For OBVIOUS reasons!

 Today is the ugliest day on the planet. Since I am one of the idiot boys that loses my umbrella every time it rains, I have given up buying a new one. I brave every storm and run my ass to my destination. But todaytoday I punched myself in the face for not having one. My short walk to the subway left me drenched to the bone. And this wasnt even the worst of it. My shower at home is so trigger sensitive that it takes at least 5 minutes for the water to be safe for skin. It either boils and scalds or it freezes and tortures. Today it was a combination of all four as I played with it for 10 minutes before Paul and I could get into it. We both were running late and trying to maneuver our bodies in my shower was totally fruitless. Eventually we completed the annoying task of cleaning our bodies and were able to get ready for work. When I realized that there was a torrential downpour, I definitely debated whether or not to even attempt commuting to work on the subway. If I didnt have just $13 left in my checking account, I would have cabbed it. But since that is where my funds are at until my next paycheck (this upcoming Tuesday), I just said fuck it and looked the storm in the face. Fortunately, the gel in my hair was still drying when I walked to the subway, so I was VERY excited to see what all of this wetness was going to do to my hairstyle. When I got to work, I stopped off in the bathroom to see the damage. Just like I had hoped, the entire back of my head is sticking straight up to the ceiling and the front half is plastered to my forehead. If you stop for a second and imagine this image, you will realize that I am one of the doofiest looking people that was ever born. Rain, rain, go away, find someone else to fuck today. Despite this morning from HELL, I am in a slamming good mood. Had a brief, but GREAT talk with my Rita and was VERY excited to find out that she just nabbed herself a wonderful new job. AND they are paying for her to go to GRAD. SCHOOL! YAY! Sounds like things are REALLY on the up and up for her. I mean, damn. You do not know the happiness I feel in my heart when things go right for Rita Lovely. To top off all of this good news, she informed me that she is going to try to come to visit next week! When she mentioned the idea, I immediately shot my load into my pants and had to get off the phone. I ran to the bathroom to find that there was no toilet paper in any of the stalls, so I had to wipe the jizz right on the bathroom wall. I ran away in shame. So yay! Rita is coming, Rita is coming! And if she doesnt, I am going to visit her. End of story. Not another week without seeing her. Its like my birthday and Christmas all wrapped up into one! (sound familiar Reets?) This weekend I plan to spend the entire time wasted. You see, I havent gotten drunk in like the longest time. Back before I moved to Times Square, I was drinking like 4 or 5 nights a week. But since the move, I have avoided it all together. But this weekendthis weekend I am doing it up! Leaving work today to meet up with Paul for happy hour. It will be an early night as he as to work a double tomorrow. Saturday evening I am going out with some lesbians and thats only fun, cuz I have nothing better to do. Kelly may join us later and that will pick up my mood, Im sure. Other than that, it will be a weekend of rest, food, and reading my book. FUN! On Monday I am starting Atkins. I know, I know, everyone has an opinion about it. And franklyshhhhhh. I dont want to hear it. My goal is to give my body a jump-start. I dont do any diet for too long, but if this Atkins is going to get me losing a couple pounds around my gut, then great! Once I see my body start to change a bit, I will get motivated to really get my ass into some serious shape. I dont have that much work to do. Its not like I am starting out at 300#. At this point, I am 59 and 175#. Not bad. Actually, to look at me, you wouldnt ever think of fat or overweight as an adjective to describe me. Its just that I want to have one of those bodies that stop people in their tracks. If I ever decide to get off my ass and be an actor, I want to be able to pull my shirt off and have the world begging to sleep with me. You understand. We all understand. So Monday, I start Atkins. (Hush Jeannie, I can feel you struggling to hold back the advice!) Paul and I had another great night last night. Made dinner, laughed and laughed, all around super evening. We went to bed EARLY. I was passed out by 11:30pm and same for him. We slept for 9 hours last night! We even woke up a bit earlier than usual today and talked in bed. We NEVER do that. I always have to leave before he does and this morning we got to laugh and play for at least 15 minutes before I had to get out of bed. Sickwe are becoming so lovey dovey and I know that for anyone reading this, that is irritating as fuck. But, truth be told, still havent had his dick in my mouth for over 3 months. Although we are having the time of our lives together, we still dont do anything remotely erotic. Snores. I dont care. Or at least, I dont want to care about it right now. In too good of a mood Thank God this week is over. My job has driven me up a fucking wall this week. Probably because I knew going into Monday that this would be the last full week of work I would have until May. With Passover coming, we get off 2 and half days each week until April 28th. Pretty fucking great to work for the Jewish, but not be one yourself. Lots of time off. :-D My one goal this weekend is to see House of 1000 Corpses . If Paul doesnt go with me, I am totally dragging Kelly to it. We usually go to movies on Sundays in honor of our newly created Super Scary Sinema Sunday. We missed last week due to us both having other plans. Okay, I so have to go right now. I will try to come by here this weekend. I always say that and then end up with my dick in my hands all the weekend. But this entry was so rushed and ridiculous that I think I owe it to myself to write something more readable and interesting. aRdios!

 Last night with Paul was great. We have totally fallen into this new routine. I go over to his place right after work and we sit and talk about our days for a few minutes. Usually at this point, he is in bed, naked, trying to coerce me into taking a brief nap with him before we go out for the evening. I always say no to the nap, knowing that I will never get back out of the bed. After we wrestle around for a couple minutes, I make him give me at least 3 baby kisses on the mouth (still havent worked up to tongue kisses since the whole Paul wont touch Joe scandal of 2003). After this, he gets dressed and we smoke a bowl while picking out a few different places for dinner. I always let him pick a couple different restaurants and then I make the final decision. Of course, he always wants to go gay friendly and that bores me, but as of late, I have tried to compromise and have stopped bitching about it. About this time, The Simpsons comes on and we watch it for its full syndicated hour. This show is one of the few obsessions that Paul and I have in common. Rarely a night goes by when we miss the show. One of last nights episodes was about Income taxes and we both agreed that they should have shown this episode on April 15th. Not the 9th. Well, at the time it seemed like an interesting discussion. By 7:30pm, the two episodes are over and we have decided where we will go to dinner. Last night, it was Brunettas in the East Village. We finished getting ready and were off. Paul likes to walk around aimlessly in the village and I have a HUGE pet peeve about walking anywhere without a prior destination already planned out. If I were a Playboy playmate (which I very well might be some day) I would list one of my turn-offs as Long walks with no purpose. Last night Paul promised that we could go directly to the restaurant without having to walk around for 45 minutes. Instead, he made us stop and look at every plant that was growing on the sidewalk. You see, Paul is obsessed with biology. His major at Boston University was Bio and he lives his life in front of his plants. As of right now, he must have 18 plants in his living room. I tell him that he is not allowed to buy anymore, cuz I feel as though they are looking at me while I sleep. Theres just too many of them for my tastes. Too much of anything gets a little scary. So, after taking inventory of every new weed that has grown in the last day, Paul and I arrived at Brunettas. The place was EMPTY and looked vaguely like a cafeteria. I turn to him and go Ill have the sloppy joes. And make em EXTRA SLOPPY FOR ME! He grinned and we took our seats at a table near the front. Paul ordered a glass of Merlot and I stuck with my glass of water, instead of my usual diet coke. For appetizers we ordered Caesar Salad, Hot Parmesan Pesto bread, and a fritter. We sucked them down in 4 bites. (Keep in mind that we were stoned and food goes down much tastier and can be shoved in like animals) For dinner, I had the Chicken Brunetta and Paul had the Risotto, due to me telling him to try something new. My chicken was covered in cheese and egg and despite the soggy vegetables and rotting potatoes, it was very good! Pauls risotto was nasty shit. He ate it, cuz he was starving, but he really was not a fan. Our waitress was a boner and half way through the meal, two other co-workers of hers came in to eat and annoyed the piss out of me. I mean, if you work in a restaurant and decide to go eat there, behave yourself. Dont act like a jackass cuz you think its your right to show off that you work there and are drinking and eating at half price. I scowled at them as we left. The restaurant blew, so I told Paul that I would buy dessert. I only had $6 on me so I offered to get us some candy or ice cream cones. Paul said he wanted pastries. I hate pastries, but agreed to get whatever he wanted. I picked out a brownie and he picked out the carrot cake. Not a slice, the ENTIRE carrot cake. I didnt have enough money for that, obviously, so I gave Paul 5 of my $6 and we went home with a gigantic cake. We were going to get the ENORMOUS Remember September 11th cake with the picture of the World Trade Centers on it, but thought that it might be stale. For obvious reasons. On the way home, Paul and I held hands for 2 full minutes! More than we have ever done in public. It was a nice moment that I wont forget for a long time. We talked about whatever came into our minds and just enjoyed being with each other. It was a wonderful evening, despite the cafeteria food. For the rest of the night, we laid in bed naked and watched the news, Friends , and some of That 70s Show . Since I have been, as of late, sticking my finger into Pauls belly button, he is now trying to do the same to me. But that shit hurts! Have you ever done it? If not, stick your finger into your belly button and get to know the worst and most uncomfortable pain on the planet. Plus, if you have never stuck your finger in there, odds are that it will smell when you remove it. If this happens, wipe it under your boyfriends nose when they arent paying attention. I have a tendency to do things to Paul that I would NEVER want done to myself. First, I rub cold things on his naked body. (piece of ice, cold hands, fudgesicles) He screams and when he tries to do it back to me, I pinch him. And hard. Also, on Monday he said something sarcastic to me, so I stuck my finger into his mouth and down his throat. He gagged and said: Why would you DO something like that?? He knew why when I proceeded to give him a wet willy with his own spit! GENIUS, right? Right. So now, when I am trying to fall asleep, he tries his damndest to get his finger into my belly button. Trying to avoid his hands is fruitless and eventually the whole scenario had me laughing so hard that I felt tears brimming. I squirmed all over the bed until 1am trying to escape his fingers of death. Yet the minute he started to fall asleep, I jammed my finger to the core of his belly. Then I laughed as he called me irritating. Then I felt bad cuz dont call me irritating. So I poked him one last time in his button. He was furious at first, but when he saw my face, he burst out laughing and we went to bed cuddling. Me with my palm covering my belly button entrance. I slept hard last night. Most nights I wake up every couple of hours, but last night, I was like a rock. (can ya smell what I was cookin?) The last dream I had was VERY strange. Rita and I were hanging out on a baseball diamond and the weather was beautiful. Lots of sun. We were just walking around and talking and she decides that she needs to use her cell phone. She walks a couple feet away and I turn to face the river. (right. River? I swear it appeared out of nowhere, just to give me something to do while Rita was on the phone) After a couple of minutes, I turn back and notice that Rita is walking right towards a deep ravine. I freeze in my tracks as I realize that even though she is holding up her cell phone to her ear, she is sleepwalking and it is up to me to steer her in the right direction. Away from the ravine. I start to panic as I run as fast as I can to her side. I do reach her in time and I guide her away from danger. As I am steering her away, she rests her head on my shoulder and I realize that she is snoring quite loudly. When we are back on the baseball diamond, I turn to face her and she is snoring so loud that I start to laugh. Stop snoring Rita, I say. Her head lolls around on her shoulders and she continues to snore her brains away. Rita! Wake up! STOP SNORING SO LOUD!, I yell in her face. I yell so loud that I jerk myself awake. Paul is lying with his head on my shoulder and he is snoring in such a way that I think he is going to break his nasal cavity. I gently nudge him and he keeps rip-roaring away. Eventually I had to get up and get into the shower and it wasnt until then that he quieted down. I wonder where the dream would have gone had Paul not started snoring directly into my ears. So yeah, thats that. Weird dream, cafeteria dinner, and severe diarrhea when I woke up this morning. I told you that Paul and I had a great time last night.

 OH YOU HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME! Please, if you have the stomach control, visit this site: urlLink Rate my Poo I am still gagging and laughing my ass off at this horribly disgusting site.

 TGIW! THANK GOD ITS WEDNESDAY! SIKE! I promised last week that I would stop with that shit. (but I can never stop) (TGIW is my heroine) Hellooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! Good news yall. Talked to my brother today and he was in incredibly good spirits. The Iraq attack is going fast now and it looks as though this war may be over very very soon. (I can hear the sigh of relief from most of the country) This new development doesnt change the deployment plans my brother has already received. He will still be going to Baghdad or Basra, but it will definitely be in the vein of a peacekeeping mission. I have yet to talk to my dad and mom about this, but I know that they are sporting some major wood over this news. Our biggest fear was that Winfield would be in combat and that is something that none of us were ready to deal with. Winfield was also overjoyed because he was notified today that he will be promoted to Captain over the next couple of months. He was just promoted to First Lieutenant in December and he told me today that it is completely unheard of for a soldier to be promoted to the next rank within the same year. His commanders are overly impressed with his work and they want to make sure that he is rewarded for his diligence and excellence. I am so proud of him for doing his best and for achieving the goals he has set for himself. I went on and on about how wonderfully we all think he is doing and he was very glad to hear that. I know how deeply he misses his family, but hearing from me that we are riding on his coattails throughout this whole ARMY experience makes it all seem worth it to him. Yet, we are all very vehement in how we feel about him getting out once his four-year duty has been completed. My only fear is that he will reconsider staying in the service if he is constantly being promoted. The money is good and with each new rank he achieves it gets even better. But I think this war situation has shaken him up quite a bit and I dont think he will remain enlisted once his time is up. At least thats what I am hoping for. I just want my brother back. Thats all. In other newstonight is date night with Paul and I am muchly excited. This will be our fourth date in a row! I am so proud of him for making such an effort to spend every Wednesday with me, doing date-like things. I am sure we will go to dinner tonight and maybe rent a movie. I miss him a lot today for some reason. Isnt it weird how even though you see your boyfriend on a regular basis, some days are just impossible to get through without them? I am in a pretty good mood today, yet I dont want to do anything without him by my side. Hes my little ghoulie! And he is also my poo. And thats about as queer as I get. Last night I spent the evening with Miss Ari. We had an excellent time. We eventually ended up back at her apartment, smoking the bowls and talking our faces off. We havent hung out, just the two of us, in a very long time and I realized how much I truly miss it. At 11pm I realized that I had stayed out way too late and that I was way too drunk for a Tuesday night. She helped throw my sorry ass in a cab and I went home and immediately passed out. (But not before consuming my third and fourth slice of pizza for the day) I gotta have something else for lunch today. My penis is feeling very smooth today. I dont know why. Its not as though I have been putting lotion on it or anything. Its just very nice to touch. I woke up this morning and immediately started playing with myself cuz the texture was justwell, for lack of better words, delectable! It even looks pretty. How did that happen??? Picture my cock with a little sunbonnet on the tip and with a nice scarf wrapped lightly around the shaft. Its my little gentleman. My little English gentleman. Only two more days until THE HOUSE OF 1000 CORPSES . Heh heh heh. MoooWAAAHAHAHAHA! I am fucking Lame City, USA. Its just that the movie is directed by Rob Zombie and it looks to be so disgusting that I MUST see it in the theater. No one else will pay money to go watch it, so I must support it to the best of my ability. Plus I am so in the mood for movie theater popcorn. My body isnt as much in the mood for it as I am, but I tell my body to go fuck itself. At least for one more week. I will start slimming down next week. This week has already been shot to shit. What with yesterday being a 4 slice of pizza day. Egads. Since when do I ever write egads? I just started another David Sedaris book. This one is called Barrel Fever and so far so good! I love Sedariss quick wit and willingness to give over to his reader. He is, by far, the funniest author I have ever read. Usually I avoid comedic literature, but with him, I am what I like to calladdicted. Each book is filled with short stories that are mostly fiction. He dives into his family, his relationships, his entertainment personaits all brilliantly written and his writing tone allows his words to convey exactly the feeling and content he is trying to express. If you have never read any of his work, I suggest getting Me Talk Pretty One Day . You will not be disappointed. I guarantee it! Okayoff to eat some grub. Wonder if its normal to eat 6 slices of pizza in 36 hours? Wonder if its normal to gain 4 belt sizes in 7 days? You know, at this rate, no one is going to be stopping me, asking me to model for them, again. Well, that is, unless I consider the plus-size modeling career. That could be some serious fun. Being in the limelight and shoving my face with greasy boogers all day.

 My name is Joe. That was my introduction into todays entry. Sometimes being creative is just so completely exhausting. And I am very tired today. I have no idea why. Its not like my life is filled up with late night parties and charity events. More often than not, I get a full 8 hours sleep and make sure never to exercise or exert my body in any type of way, so I should have no reason to be anything, but dutifully rested each and every day. Yet, here I sit with eyes still puffy from sleeping and its 12:45pm. Harumph. Last night Paul and I had taco salads again for the 3rd time in 8 days. Its not like we are eating leftovers. We are creating these taco salads from scratch each time. Could we get any more boring? I think tonight for dinner I will have something NOT Mexican. In fact, maybe I will have pizza. Havent eaten that in the last 12 minutes. Might as well see if I still like it Oh great, now I am totally having pizza for lunch. I just did it to myself. And Lord knows I still like pizza. Pizza Pizza Pizza Pizza Pizza Anyway, did yall catch the beautiful comment that some dickhead left in my shout outs from yesterday? Kelly has been getting comments from this douchebag too, so I am positive that it is someone that knows both of us. Reading what this loser wrote didnt make me upset at all. It made me realize that there are people in the world that are more sad and pathetic than I am. I complain every day about having nothing exciting to do with my life, yet I must be exaggerating, cuz I never have to resort to calling people cunts and fagots on their websites. Yet, I do know the correct spelling of faggot as I grew up being called that name. Fagot reads like FAGO with a silent t. Snores. I wish it did upset me, cuz then I would have some sort of adrenaline coursing through my veins. Yet, instead, I sit here filled with as much laziness and passivity as I had before I even found the comment. Know what I did this weekend that was hella stupid? I was cleaning out my bowl (marijuana pipe) and I broke off a piece of glass on the inside. Unfortunately, the broken piece was slightly bigger than the hole where your mouth goes, so I couldnt get it out. I tried sticking a hangar up inside of it, but to no avail. SO! I had a GENIUS idea! I remembered from high school physics (although I never took that course) that glass expands when heated up. So I held up my lighter to the mouth piece of the bowl for about 3 minutes. I forgot that when you do that, a black coating of soot covers the glass and anything that touches it, gets covered in black as well. I quickly looked around for a napkin or tissue in order to wipe off the black gook. No luck. Quickly and without any sort of brainpower, I decide to wipe the bowl off on my stomach. (I happened to be naked at the time as I was about to get into the shower). I put the bowl to my stomach and began wiping off the black shit. A searing pain quickly followed as I realized that I was burning a hole right through my stomach. IDIOT ME forgot that only two seconds earlier I was holding a lighter up the mouthpiece. I threw the bowl on the bed and inspected the damage I had done to my tums. Tums = stomach A blood blister immediately formed and now I sit here typing this entry with a wound the size of a quarter on my right love handle. Its REALLY pretty. And I didnt feel stupid at ALL for having wiped off a blazing hot bowl onto my naked skin. Why do I do the things I do? Here is a poem I just wrote: GAY Gays. Quickly flowing through the hands of time I see your dick embraced with mine. We slurp, we chew, we even suck Cat and mouse, a game of luck. Some day soon, I will beat your face My boner is tan, Asian race. When I grow up Ill see my fate Cuz gays are gay and gays are straight. People eat the strangest things This shoe belongs to Lisa Lings Some day soon, Ill be showbiz If no one knows I tasted jizz. Gays. --------------------by Joe Cut the Shit Ahhhhthat felt good. I am REALLY good at poems, so I thought I would just get one down on paper instead of having it roll around inside my head. If I just did this more often, I might have a book of collected works. I mean, cuz I write such good prose. My stomach is starting to churn and burn from hunger. I am off to lunch. What should I have today? Salad? Cookies? Sandwich? Hot dogs? Oh yeahpizza! And if I wipe off the top layer of grease with my napkin, then it becomes fat free! ROCK! I am off to La Famiglia! AY YI YI!

 Fucking Monday I hate you fucking damn motha fuckin stupid Mondays.grrrrr.. I have this new thing that I just love. Its called Monday morning anxiety. I wake up every Monday, at 7am, and lay in bed with an upset stomach and nervous tension. I try my hardest to fall back to sleep, but it doesnt work. No matter what I do, I am forced to sit and worry about nothing. Eventually my alarm goes off and I crawl out of bed and into the worst day of the week. I fucking hate you Monday. Had a pretty good weekend. Paul stiffed me on Friday and we fought for an hour and then I decided that I didnt want to spend time with him anyway and forbid him from coming over to my pad. Turns out that House of 1000 Corpses doesnt open up until this upcoming weekend, so we didnt miss out. Saturdays lunch with my parents was, of course, incredible. I got to eat good food, take home tons of leftovers (which were gone by the time I went to bed that night) and spend time with my two favorite people on the planet. They came down with two friends of the family and it was great to see them too. I took the group souvenir shopping and then to Toys R Us and they loved it! We visited the E.T. and Jurassic Park section and my parents were in awe. My moms friend, Bev, went running through the Barbie Dream House like a mad woman. They each bought $5 teddy bears and we were on our way! It was a super good time. Saturday night I went out with my love, Joanna. We went shopping for her friend, April, and then to this bar called FUBAR. We had wanted to go to a bar that had cheap drinks and a MEGATOUCH game and this is the one we came across. It is located about 4 blocks from my apartment and when we walked through the door, we saw ashtrays all over the place. Now, knowing that NYC is under a No Smoking Ban I was shocked to see this type of paraphernalia lying around. I immediately walked over to the bartender and asked her if we were really allowed to smoke. She said Of course you are honey! Have a seat and light up! That I did and Joanna and I stayed through the night having the time of our lives. We talked about so much and learned even more about each other. We laughed, we cried, it was a very good time. And we did in fact play Photo Hunt. I dont think she likes it as much as me, but she worked hard at it and thats what counts. This week is bullshit. I have nothing to look forward to yet and thats gotta change soon. Everyone at work is severely under my skin. Its just one of those days when I want to murder someone for no reason. I guess my shit quiz was right. Diarrhea is murder. Murder to spell that is. Even they couldnt spell it right in their own quiz! Snores. I saw One Hour Photo this weekend and I thought it to be brilliant. It was tre creepy and the acting/writing/directing was good. Its nice to see these three elements actually work together in a cohesive manner for once. I recommend it. The movie. Not writing/acting/directing in a cohesive manner. I also saw Simone this weekend too. Oh never heard of it? Yeah, cuz its garbage. I decided that Al Pacino should just stop making films all together. He is doing nothing, but pissing me off these days. When you are AL PACINO, you have a right to turn down bad scripts. You just do. Instead, he continues making shit. Ah well The director cant decide whether he wants the movie to be realism or a farce. And since he cant decide, the actors cant decide and the whole movie comes off looking like a jumbled piece of nonsense. MAN IT WAS SO BAD. And lastly, I saw End of Days with Arnold Schwarzeneggar. My first husband. (I had to drop him when he started to go flab.) Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz. Oh did I fall asleep just now? Funny, cuz I did that during the movie too. Its SNOWING SO HARD TODAY! In a way I love it, cuz it gives me hope that the city will blow up and I will be able to leave work early. In another way it pisses me off, cuz my job would never close and the commute home is going to be that much worse. So yeahthe jury is still out on this April blizzard. I am so boring today. I cant even play on the internet with any success. I stare blankly at my screen and I have nothing to contribute to anything. At one point, I put my head on my desk and just sat there. I didnt close my eyes, I didnt relax my body.I just sat there. FUCKING BORED OUT OF MY SKULL. Bored with my life that is. Need a new hobby. Like punching people in the face that I dont like. That would not only give me something to do, but also find a way to release this pent up boredom frustration I got goin. So Ari and I just went out to have a smoke and let me tell you how fucking cold it is. so cold. Snow has covered the city and the thing that pisses me off the most is that I am still sitting at my fucking desk. Do not think that I havent already given thought to throwing myself on the ground and breaking a leg. At least then I can lay in bed and watch TV without any sort of guilt. Ah shitI gotta go. This journal is even boring ME today.

 I am Diarrhea . Diarrhea's are by far the most humorous of all the shits going for the big laugh at all costs. From fart jokes to slapstick humor Diarrhea's are know for pulling out the stops when it comes to shits and giggles... though Diarrhea's do have their down sides.. And like the sad clowns they are, Diarrhea's are actually dying inside and prone to suicide and even murder... What Kinda Shit Are You?

 Finally, its Friday. I made a big mistake. I rubbed out all of the gel I had in my hair, cuz it looked like nutsack. Now what remains is a huge POOF of bullshit. I sit here at my desk, glancing at my reflection and grow more and more embarrassed at the damage I have caused. I tried to put water in it to fix it, but to no avail. I still sit here laying claim to the worst hairstyle on the planet. Lordy, I really need to get it cut soon. Last night I finally got my wish of eating sushi! Paul and I went to dinner at our favorite Soosh place and sat at the bar so we could watch the chefs do it first hand. It was fun, cept watching people make your food is pretty sick. The chefs didnt wear gloves and when they were putting the rolls together, it all looked so slimy and barfaricious. Yet, when our order came, I shoved each roll down my gullet. I even tried a new kind last night! DRAGON MAKI! Ooooooooooh scary! Cuz of dragons! This particular roll is covered in avocado. I liked it, but prefer my Philly Maki better. Paul and I finally saw Jackass the Movie . OMIGOD I loved it. I am not a HUGE fan of the show, but I have been known to catch it on occasion. Paul owns Steve-O Uncut and that shits pretty fucked up. (If you dont know, Steve-O is one of the main stunt performers on Jackass. Hes the one that always runs around naked) But Jackass the Movie was fucking hysterical. Most of it is them hurting themselves and I dont really laugh at that stuff, but when they play jokes on the public, they go so overboard, that I lose myself in hysterical laughter. I wont give away any of the scenes, cuz I want everyone to experience it for the first time by themselves. But MAN I was rolling on the floor unable to contain myself. Honestly, I dont remember the last time I laughed so intensely. Still no hook up with Paul. We are hanging out again tonight so maybe then? Maybe I need to relax and stop freaking out about it every day. That would probably be step #1. I decided that I dont like Pauls roommate Lisa anymore. Member when I hated her, but then I started to like her? Well, she gets on my nerves again and big time. Last night she got home from this event that her job was sponsoring and she bounds into Pauls room wasted and goes I need to smoke pot! Whos got some? Now clearly, I am the only one that could have the pot as Paul never buys his own. (Dont get me started on that one) But I have like none left. So I say I dont have any left. I am SO sorry. Paul chirps in Yes you do. Its on the dresser. At that point I could have easily ripped Pauls lungs out. But I calmly responded with No it isnt Paul. There is none left. Then Lisa goes You dont HAVE to smoke with me if you dont want to. OH SNORES LISA. Fucking go away. In any case, I covertly hid the pot that Paul claims I had sitting on the dresser. Then I sat there acting as though they were both out of their minds to even THINK that I would have it on me. Eventually Lisa gave up and went to bed and I look at Paul and go Dont you EVER offer up MY pot to YOUR roommates. I am not the supplier of everyones drug whims. The minute people want to start tossing me some cash, THEN they get some smoke. Paul waved me away in a condescending manner and then I stuck my finger in his belly button again. THAT GOT HIM! Thats what I do now when he pisses me off. Stick my finger way down into his belly button. Tonight we are off to THE HOUSE OF 1000 CORPSES . SPOOOOOOKY and GORRRRRRRRRRRRRY and ITALLLLLLLLLICS . I am excited to be grossed out. Tomorrow my parents come. Tomorrow night I will hopefully find some plans cuz right now I got none! I havent had a drink at all this week. In fact, I havent had a drink since last Friday! What is happening to me?!?! I wish I had friends to go out with. But ehits been nice to detox a little. SHABBAT SHALOM ALL! Be back in here this weekend.

 What up what up?? Just got off the phone having talked to my lovely Rita. She sounded stuffed up, but ok. Things arent going as easily as I had hoped they would for her in Syracuse, but we are planning a visit soon and I know that that will lift her sprits! As the conversation came to a close, I got the impression that she felt a bit better. Its hard on both of us, not having each other to sit and discuss every little detail of our lives with. We went from being Siamese twin babies to being separated so brutally by way of rusty knives. And I dont remember the Dr. using any sort of antiseptic. This shit still hurts! Paul and I did NOT hook up last night. At one point, we were both lying next to each other on his bed watching TV. When the commercial came, I looked over at him and noticed that he had pulled his pants down and was staring at me with greedy eyes and a boner in his hand. I stifled a laugh and asked: Oh, are you finally ready to be physical with me again? The look in his eyes didnt go away and he replied Put your mouth on my dick. Um, excuse me. I dont fucking think so. I have been begging and pleading with this kid for weeks to take off his clothes and touch me, and he always says No, I feel weird. I dont want to. Im LAME! So last night when he told me to Put (my) mouth on his dick I decided that there was no harm in putting off hooking up till another day. I leaned over him and let him think that I was going to give him a blowjob and as I got close to it, I took one hand and slapped his dick in its face and took my other hand and poked him inside his belly button. He screamed and then burst out laughing and said WHAT? NO BLOW? Who is he kidding? No blow. We did kiss a bit during the rest of the night, but the mood was lost. We bitched and bitched at each other about where to go to dinner. I wanted sushi cuz it was cheap and close to the apartment. He wanted to go to a GAY restaurant and snores. So we went to this place called Stingy LuLus, where the waitstaff is all drag queens. Kind of like Lucky Chengs, but not nearly as cool. The menu was lame shit and our drag queen waitress was nothing more than a bearded man in a wig. It was so faux drag queen that I told Paul we should leave. He had no problem doing that, so we drank our waters, left two dollars on the table and took off. We ended up at one of my favorite little restaurants in the city, Yaffa. Kelly and her ex-girlfriend Randy introduced me to this place when we first moved to the city and I have been back numerous times since. They have the BEST chicken sandwiches and their carrot dressing is slammin. Paul and I had a very nice dinner and as usual ended up with 3 courses. We are turning into gigantic monsters. Someone take the food out of my mouth and give it to an Ethiopian baby. We talk, ere day, how we are going to be the two biggest porkers in the Bahamas. Ehpth. We discussed what to do over the next couple of days, since he has time off from work. Tonight we are going to an IMAX movie and tomorrow I think we may go see House of 1000 Corpses . Rob Zombie directed that sick shit and I think it looks SPOOOOOOOOKY. And also disgusting. I cant wait. I am so happy that things between he and I are going so well. He is being extra cute these days and its making me love him deeper and deeper. My parents are coming to NYC this weekend to see Beauty and the Beast , on Broadway, with some friends of theirs. The show is beautiful and I know they will love it. Before that, I am going to meet them for lunch at The Playwright Tavern . Its like my new favorite place. The burgers are big and the dumps I take after are noteworthy. I wish I could see my parents for lunch every weekend. Life would be much more relaxing. Cept last weekend, I left wanting to kill myself Embarrassingly enough, I am walking around with Michelle Branch playing in my Discman. I stumbled across the CD last week and I decided to listen to it all the way through today. To be honest, I love it. I mean, Im not obsessed with it and have no need to memorize all of the words to all of the songs, but. But there is this one song (track 2) that is the theme song for MTVS Sorority Life and I just love it. I love it so much that I clipped my dick off and turned my genitals into a vagina. Next year I am pledging DZO. You know how it goes. Wanting a vagina so you can be in a sorority. Its natural. Heres some things I bet you didnt know about me: My granny does indeed have a third nipple. Just like Marky Mark! But I have never seen it up close. My dad has and he advises me against it. I didnt come out of the closet until I was 21. The first person I jerked off to and had an actual orgasm over was Gilad from Bodies in Motion. My favorite food when I was a child was french fries and it still is. I have only been on a horse once. But it didnt walk anywhere. It stood there like a dumb ass. My nickname during my Freshman year of highschool was Fairy Fruit Fag. I liked that a lot. My nickname during my Sophomore year of highschool was Pat - As in androgynous Pat from SNL. That felt gooood. My nickname during my Junior year of highschool was Joe. Seems fair. My nickname during my Senior year of highschool was Jim Carrey. Who the fuck knows. But at least the name was male oriented. I have been known to take pisses in cups rather than walk ALL the way to the bathroom. Cuz I am used to living in mansions, obviously. The sports I played growing up: Flag Football, baseball, volleyball, softball, basketball, and wrestling. The sports I was good at: Choir. I never get sick, but weird things happen to my body ALL the time. My most recent list of maladies include: a pinched nerve, weird rash on my face and elbows, bleeding gums, a baby tooth (still in my mouth), scars on my dick which then became a mound of flaking-off dead skin due to my overuse of steroid cream, enough crusty boogers to kill a man, and most importantly, gayness. That should be enough for now. Time to go get lunch. Sometimes I really do wish that I could just turn into Pizza the Hut and be done with it. Then I wouldnt have to spend so much damn money on food, when I could just eat myself! But I would make sure that THIS Pizza the Hut had no olives. I hate you olives.

 TGIW! Ok, can I stop with that lame TGIW shit already? I gotta get some new material. And fast. So, when one problem ends, another begins. I am not as miserable today about my brother and the whole war in Iraq thing, as I have been over the last couple of days. Instead Im pissed cuz my hair looks like fucking garbage. Can anyone answer a question for me? Why is it (for guys) that one day you go to bed and your hair looks fine, but when you wake up the next day, you notice that somehow your hair has grown an extra half inch over night and now looks like cunt? Its a very strange dilemma. I am feeling SO MUCH better today. Im like a brand new boy. I have to say that the support I have gotten from everyone around me (including my readershow could I possibly forget?!) has helped me tremendously. I have bounced back and feel much more like my old self again. You know, fat, balding, and missing half my teeth! Its great! Tonight is Date Night with Paul. I think we might have sushi. I havent had those little fishy bastards in about 2 weeks and I am in some sort of withdrawal. Yet, Paul wants to go somewhere gay, of course. So, as per my weekly ritual, I have picked out a few nice restaurants in Chelsea and am giving him the option of picking the final place. He is paying, afterall. I dont care where we go. We have been having so much fun on these date nights that I am excited just to be with him, out to dinner. When Paul and I hung out on Monday night, we decided that tonight we were going to start hooking up again. I know how lame it sounds that we have to plan this, but its been 2-3 months since we have had an orgasm together. A lots been going on and to be honest, when you are with someone for over 3 years, sometimes the other issues take the place of physical romance. I am not upset that we havent been intimate, but its definitely damn time that we start doing the nasty again. I mean, at this point, Im not going to lose my virginity until I am 54. Oh yeah. Did you forget that I was a virgin? Cuz I pathetically am. Lets not talk about it right now. --Sidenote-- I woke up incredibly horny this morning and was FORCED to jerk my dick off. Good thing I build up a lot of jizz during the day, or I would never be able to get the hooks tonight. SO LAST NIGHT, I am walking to my apartment from my Columbus Circle subway stop, when this Asian guy stops me and asks Excuse me sir, have you ever modeled before? Joe: (Having been stopped by people like this before, I say:) Yes, I have. Asian Persuasion: Are you currently being represented by anyone? Joe: No, actually I am in between agencies at the moment. A.P.: Oh, great! How would you like to come to an open call for TransAtlantic tomorrow night at 7:30pm? Joe: Im not sure what I have going on tomorrow night, but if you want to give me your card, I will think about it. A.P.: Well, actually, I cant give you my card if you arent going to guarantee me that you will show up. Joe: Okay, thats weird. I dont know if I can make it tomorrow night, but if you give me your card, I can follow up with you in the morning. A.P.: I cant do that sir. My job is to find attractive men and women and get them to come to our open call. Joe: But I dont understand. You will give me your card, but only if I make a promise to you that I will be there tomorrow night. A.P.: Correct. Joe: What if I promise you that I will go, but then dont show up? Do you come back and take the card away from me? A.P.: (Getting flustered) No, well of course not. But we will have your name and phone number listed with our company and if you didnt show up, I guess we would have a problem working with you in the future. Joe: Hmmm. I think this sounds sketchy and I have been stopped on the street for this type of thing before. My feeling is that if you were really interested in me, as a potential model for your company, you would make every effort to accommodate me, am I correct? A.P.: (starting to lose his mind) Uh, yesumno. I dont know. Are you interested in coming to an open call tomorrow night for TransAtlantic? Joe: Can I have your card? A.P.: Not unless you are guaranteeing me that you will be at the open call. Joe: (starting to laugh) Good day to you sir. I walked away and when I got to the end of the block, I looked back to the spot where the guy had stopped me. He was still standing there looking as confused as I have ever seen an Asian look. I smiled to myself and went home to eat chicken and scalloped potatoes. BTW, it was a YEM dinner. Why is it that no one can ever stop me and discover me for real? Why, when I am stopped on the street, is it only to be scammed for one reason or another? Its some shit, lemme tell you. You gotta be careful who you give your phone number to in this city and even more careful what type of situations you put yourself into. Yet, if the guy who stopped me was a bodybuilder, instead of an Asian, I would have done whatever he asked me to do. And I would have been putting myself into a much more dangerous position. But, its just that I like muscles so much. Spoke with Rita today for the first time in awhile. I sent her a very long email last night detailing everything that has been going on in my life. She wrote back immediately and then called me as soon as she could today. Hearing her voice was like getting a load blown in my ear. Or, hmmm. No, not getting the load blown in my ear, more like blowing the load in someones ear. OK I DONT KNOW! Whatever kind of load it was, it made me so happy. We are trying to arrange a visit for the sometime this month. I havent seen her since she moved out of our apartment on March 1st. I long for her company daily. I am not sure yet if she will be coming to NYC or if I will be going to Syracuse for the visit, but either way, it couldnt come fast enough. She is my love. Time to get something to eat. I am so starving, that I am about ready to start swallowing the fingernails that I so readily chew off every day. I have never actually done that before, but at this point, add some salt and blue cheese to them and I am sure they would taste just fine. YEM!

 Today is a new day. After I left work yesterday, I went to Pauls apartment as we had plans to go grocery shopping for dinner. I think I spoke 7 words between 5:30-8pm. Paul was very patient with me and stayed close to me throughout the entire shopping adventure. At one point, I had to walk away from Paul cuz I thought that I was going to lose my shit and start sobbing. I walked to the frozen sausage section and stared at the different boxes of Jimmy Deans while I tried to regain control. Paul found me about 10 minutes later and asks: Oh, did you want to have sausage for dinner? I smiled and told him never. When we got back to my apartment, I sat on my bed and smoked a cigarette. A commercial came on that asked families of US Troops to send pictures of their sons/daughters, serving in the war, to the television station. I quickly recalled a conversation with my mom ,from this weekend, in which she asked me what I thought about her sending Winfields picture in to the local news station. Everything toppled inside my head and I finally let out all of the emotion that had been pent up in me during the day. Paul sat down next to me on the bed and put his arm around me. He let me cry out all of the pain I was feeling and when I was done he kissed me on the cheek. After that, I felt much better. We decided to make taco salads for dinner (my flavorite) and my mood improved drastically throughout the night. At one point, Paul looks at me skeptically and goes Youre manic Joe. I laughed and said I know. Weird. We spent the rest of the night in bed holding each other, watching reality TV. Funny how reality TV is nothing like the reality I live in on a day to day basis. I like that. I like that a lot. I woke up today feeling much better. I got out of bed with a little bit more strength than what I had yesterday. As the day has progressed, I have started to get back more of my personality. My brother called around 1pm and we had a wonderful conversation. I sobbed the entire time, but by the end of the talk, I felt like he and I completely connected on all of the emotions that my family is dealing with. We are a strong unit of four and over the last couple of days, that unity has been strengthened even more so. Winfield has promised me that after he returns from the war, he will definitely finish up the rest of his commitment and he is out. Definitely. I just needed to hear it from his mouth before I started getting my hopes up. I want so badly for my family to return to the normality of what we once were. Other than that, I am doing much better today. If it wasnt for the support I have gotten from Ari, in particular, I would never have been able to survive the workplace. She has totally taken care of me and gone out of her way to make sure that I am protected from the usual bullshit. I feel so grateful to have her. The rest of my office is being incredibly supportive as well. They know when to leave me alone and they know when to ask me how I am doing. As for my friends, they are being exactly the same. Phone calls, e-mails, whatever. Everyone can see how badly I am feeling and they have done as much or as little for me as I need. I feel very lucky to have these people around me. The Real World: Las Vegas ends tonight. Thank the Lord in heaven above. Talk about the worst, longest, and most boring Real World ever. I hate all of the cast members and as they cry their good-byes tonight, I will laugh in each and every one of their faces. So you seeeven though I am dealing with sadness myself and love for all people, I will always hate these particular cast members and I will retain my immaturity when it comes to them. K? K. Alright, sorry so snoresville. I will try to write some more in here later. And I promise to make it an entry based on something interesting and not just on my sad sap sally life.

 Alphabits: A rrested for throwing rocks over a bridge at oncoming traffic when I was 14. B ombed my SATS with a 990. C ame out of the closet when I was 21. D rank a coke that had two cigarette butts and ashes put out into it. E njoy french fries at least 4 times a week. F ingered two girls in my life. G ave 10 guys blowjobs in my life. H orrible at letting things go. I ntelligence is number 3 in what I look for in a man. J oe is not my real name. K egal exercises make me want to vomit. L isten to all kinds of music, ranging from folk to pop to heavy metal punk ska. M ake $30,000 a year at my snorified job. N ever eat breakfast. O range you glad I didnt say banana. P ractice my Oscar acceptance speech when I am bored. Q -Bert was one of my most favorite games on my Atari. R emember little to nothing before age 8. S ing in a baritone range. T ickle people that I love U nderwear is for sissies. V intage clothing makes me yawn. W restle with boys I am attracted to. X stacey makes me cringe. Y ell very loudly when I am incensed with anger. Z oos make me puke and warm my heart at the same time. Now lets make some soup!

 Please help me INTERPRET MY DREAM : Kelly and I are walking through the streets of Washington DC. All around us we see landmarks. There are street vendors and balloons and the smell of hot dogs in the air. Its a beautiful day outside and there is a cloudless sky. As we walk along, Kelly and I laugh at different things and talk about the fact that we are having a great time visiting DC. We hear an airplane approaching overhead and we both stop to see where it is coming from. Over the top of a very tall building, we see a jumbo jet fly into our vision. We both comment on how low the plane is flying and how slowly it seems to be moving. As the plane crosses our line of vision, it seems to sink even lower to the ground. Just before it is out of sight, the plane turns its nose and looks directly at Kelly and me. Kelly and I laugh out loud as we have never seen a plane turn its nose and stare at someone before. We walk to the end of the sidewalk and watch the plane swivel back and come back toward us. We notice the White House in plain view. The airplane flies towards the White House and just as its about to collide into the roof, it accelerates speed and bounces off the building as though the entire thing is made of rubber. It literally bounces off and keep flying. Thats when the streets and buildings start to shake uncontrollably. Kelly and I stop laughing and realize that there is an earthquake starting. The crowds in the street start panicking and we hear someone yell Its the terrorists! Kelly and I look up and see the tops of skyscrapers swaying in the wind. Mass confusion and hysteria. People are running and screaming. We see mothers trying to grab their children as they frantically figure out how to take shelter. To our left someone calls Kellys name. Kelly! Kelly, bring Joe and get in here. I dont recognize the face of the person who calls us, but I see that he is standing in the doorway of a museum. Kelly and I quickly run over to the man and he ushers us into the grand lobby of some random museum. When we get inside, we notice that there are hundreds of people crammed into the lobby. There are still screams all around us. Kelly and I move to the center of the room. Suddenly there is silence in the lobby. Not a sound. Kelly and I look at each other wondering why everyone is so quiet. I dont think this is an earthquake, I say to her. The walls of the museum start to wobble and shake. Then, without warning, both of the walls on the east and west side of the building collapse in on themselves. Mass hysteria again. Kelly and I can see that everyone standing underneath the walls are immediately crushed. We are then bounced around like a pinball by everyone trying to grab their families and get out of the building. I glance to my left and see that not only have the walls caved in, they are being moved into the center of the room, seemingly by a 90 ft. bulldozer, although I cant actually see the piece of machinery. Kelly grabs my arm and when I look at her, I notice tears streaming down her face. We are going to die Joe. We are going to die today. I grab her by the arm and I start shoving people out of the way. Cinderblocks begin falling from the ceiling. They crash all around us. People are being crushed immediately by the falling cement. Still holding onto Kelly, I begin climbing over the fallen blocks. I can see the exit door and although it cant be more than 25 feet away, it feels as though we will never reach it. I climb and climb and shove people to the left and right. I look back to make sure Kelly is still behind me and I see that she is lying on the floor. She is dead. A cinderblock has crushed her skull. I stand and look at her in horror. It is at this point, that I realize that I am going to die too. I begin to ask God for a chance at survival. With people screaming and dying all around me, I ask God to spare my life. A peace washes over me as I look through the falling rocks at the door. I say Im going to die. I am going to die today. With that, the entire ceiling falls and I stare at the rocks as gravity pulls them to earth. I wake up with a start in my bed. I am covered in sweat and my heart is pounding out of my chest. Now, I am known for having nightmares. I dream vividly every night, but about once a week, I get a horrible dream that I just cant shake. This one in particular was so horrifying that I sat in my bed for a half an hour smoking cigarettes, trying to get my mind on something else. I prayed to God over and over asking him to clear my thoughts. My biggest fear was going back to sleep and re-entering the dream, which has happened to me before. Eventually I did fall back to sleep and I didnt have the dream again. But since then I havent been able to stop thinking about it. I run the events of the dream over and over in my head in great detail. It makes my stomach hurt. What do you think it means?

 As much as I try to let my head do some of the thinking, my heart always steps in and controls my actions. Last night I met up with Ahmad and told him that I thought it would be best if we pursued our new found relationship as friends. I was unsure as to how he would take the news. Although we have only known each other for a week, I could tell that his feelings were progressing way too fast. So, in order to get us on the same page, I invited him over for a pot session. When Ahmad showed up at my apartment, he was all smiles. He could tell that something was wrong with me almost immediately and without any hesitation, we dove into a conversation about us. I explained that I am just not ready to let go of Paul completely. Against my better judgement, I am still greatly in love with Paul. He consumes most of my thoughts every day and it wouldnt be fair to Ahmad for me to continue being with him in the same way. I told him that I thought he was an incredible person and that at a different time in our lives, we might be perfect for each other. I further explained that I was most afraid of hurting him down the road and ultimately destroying any chance we could have at a friendship. Ahmad was immediately upset. He did his best to hide the way he felt and to be logical about the situation. When that didn't work, he pulled every trick in the book. He told me he couldnt be just friends. He told me that he would give me the world. He told me that he was ready to change my life in the most positive of ways. Without saying it, he told me that he was quickly and for the first time in his life, falling in love. I countered everything he said with ease and did my best to make him see that a friendship is what is best for us right now. Ultimately I realized that there was no getting through to him. Ahmad was hurt and I was grateful that I had this conversation with him as quickly as I did. It horrified me to think how he would have felt had I waited another week. I told him to go home and to put me out of his head for a few days. The kid needs perspective and having me around all the time will not allow him that. He gave me a kiss on the cheek and walked out the door. Tonight is supposed to be my one night with Paul for the week. Of course, Paul has fucked up the plans and we will not be hanging out afterall. Paul has no respect for anyone, but himself. Nothing changes. But I have realized something about MYSELF. I am not scared of losing Paul anymore. I am not scared of living my own life, independent of a boyfriend. I am not scared of stepping out into the world alone. For so long I lived under this faade that I needed a boy, that I needed someone to take care of me. Now I see that thats a bunch of horseshit. No one needs ANYONE else to make them happy. Happiness comes from within. Gosh, its so easy to forget that sometimes. As much as I would love to step out and meet a new guy As much as I would love to let go of Paul forever As much as I would love to shift my life into another direction I realize that I am still not ready. I have come farther with all of this stuff than I ever thought was possible. But now that I see that I have the ability to do these things, I want to focus on making small steps toward achieving them. Paul is still my number one. After 3 and half years, I dont know how to treat my happiness as the primary priority. In my mind, I still worry about his happiness so much more of the time. It may take weeks, it may take monthshell it could be another year of this. But deep down I know that eventually I will achieve the level of satisfaction and contentment that I have always wanted. Eventually I will fall in love with someone who is right for me .

 My God. If I could be any more worn out and tired today, I think I would be classified as the first walking gay corpse. I really shouldnt complain as I had one of the best weekends ever, but damn, it sapped every bit of life I had left in my body. Besides getting little to no sleep every night, I drank and drank and drank as though alcohol was a life saving elixir. Never once got a hangover, but hell if my eyes arent blood shot with exhaustion nonetheless. Spent a great deal of time with Ahmad this weekend. A bit too much perhaps. I went into the weekend in love with him and I left the weekend wondering if I want to continue down the same path that we are currently heading on. I think the main problem is that he likes me way too much. He is falling hard and fast and it makes me panic with fear. In the past I have always liked a challenge, have always gone for the bad boy. Or at least the boy who was impossible to make like me - whether he was straight or emotionally unavailable or whatever else makes guys unattainable. With Ahmad, its constant sweetness and compliments. He takes amazing care of me, pays for any whim I might have, and holds me with more fervor than any hug Paul has ever bestowed upon me. He is the ideal boyfriend, yet I just know that his heart is going to get broken. I have tried in various ways to explain to him that we need to take everything a bit slower. But honestly, at this point, if we were moving any slower, we would be cobwebbed over and smell like stale milk. Ok, does that make sense at all? Nah lets move on. Ahmad and I had our first hook up this weekend. He stayed over at my place on Saturday night and we did nothing, but kiss and hug. I woke up at 8:30am Sunday morning to him kissing my neck and then we kinda just fell into it. I did not cum, as I never do, and Ahmad finished himself. I sucked his dick for awhile and was getting incredibly exhausted at the effort I had to put forth. Fortunately, he read my mind and took the matter into his own hands. Ha. I feel very weird about the hook up. We crossed the line and now there is no way to ever go back. I stayed at his place last night and he made me a beautiful dinner. He even left halfway through the evening to go get more wine, since he thought that was what I wanted. He calls me handsome and beautiful and wants nothing but to be in love. He has never had that experience before and it seems as though he has set his sights on falling in love with me. I know like I sound presumptuous, but honestly, you know when someone is falling hard for you. You know it and if you arent ready for it, it can be a very scary thing. I have told Ahmad all about Paul. I have explained the entire situation to him and so far he is very comfortable with it. He understands and is willing to work around it. Well, then again, of course he is willing to work around itI have yet to make him really do that. As Ahmad has said over and over to me Lets just take this whole thing one day at a time. (big sigh) I dont know. Paul and I spent Sunday night together. I explained to him that Ahmad and I were officially dating and that Saturday night was the night of our first hook up. I could tell that this hurt him. But since I have been honest with him from the beginning, he has no reason to be angry. In fact, he told me that its best for me TO date Ahmad right now. Paul is not in the place to give me what I need and he doesnt want to hold me back any longer. However, he spent the entire night being the boyfriend I have always wanted him to be. Figures. He left to go home to Boston on Monday morning and as he walked out my door, I looked at him and thought about how deeply in love with him I still am. WHY WHY WHY? Why am I still so in love with him? Why do I want him over Ahmad? Why do I want to give him chance after chance to make things better? Why do I make myself crazy over this? Why cant I just sit back and let it all happen on its own? Paul has been working over time to make our relationship better. However, I know he is doing this only because he is jealous of my thing with Ahmad. I need to keep my head focused and try to do what is best for me, whether that means continuing with Ahmad or breaking it off entirely. I have this tendency to follow my heart and not listen to my head. This situation requires a bit of both. By the way, my shit this morning looked like black vomit. Very strange. Maybe its because I spent the entire night kissing a Muslim. Interesting.

 I just found a pube stuck in my keyboard. sick.

 In the last 24 hours, I: 1) Took 4 shits. Two of which were during the night. 2) Ate one of the best cheeseburgers of my entire life. (And it only cost me $7(!) and it included fries!) 3) Frantically solidified plans for this weekend. 4) Rented a car for Pauls trip to Boston next week. 5) Made plans for lunch with Ahmad at one of my favorite Queens diners. (Chicken Souvlaki from the Neptune, anyone?) 6) Watched 3 episodes of Real Sex on HBO. 7) Watched 2 episodes of Sex and the City on HBO. 8) Watched 1 episode of Will and Grace and nearly shot myself in the head before it was over. Can you say overabundance of stereotypes? 9) Discovered a new phrase to add to my lexicon on the lame Will and Grace episode I watched. Rudeness Giuliani. Funny, right? 10) Poked Paul in the bellybutton 11 times. 11) Did 12 sit-ups. 12) Took a cab to work because the trains at Times Square were shut down. 13) Ate two ice cream sandwiches. 14) Ate two slices of pizza. 15) Ate a fudgesicle 16) Realized I cant stop eating. 17) Figured out why I took four shits in the last 24 hours. 18) Got angry over something stupid and squashed it before I ripped the persons face off. 19) Licked a penis. 20) Was told to stop licking the penis. 21) Flicked the penis. 22) Dropped a freshly lit cigarette out of my mouth and had to leave it behind due to oncoming traffic. 23) Called my best friend. 24) Had a laughing fit so intense that my sides still hurt today. 25) Talked to my parents. 26) Prayed for my brother. 27) Smoked 14 cigarettes. 28) Got a compliment on my hairstyle. 29) Got a new belt from the clothing pantry at work. 30) Read 75 pages in my book. ( Jaws ) 31) Listened to the Mamma Mia soundtrack all the way through. 32) Gave $.36 to a homeless woman with bright red lipstick riding up her face. 33) Stepped on an Asian womans hand. 34) Slept for 6 hours. 35) Broke a brand new umbrella the first time I used it. 36) Found a Good N Plenty on the floor of Pauls apartment and ate it for laughs. 37) Got embarrassed that no one laughed at me eating crap off the floor. 38) Bit a fingernail off much too low. 39) Balanced my checkbook. 40) Got pissed off at my checkbook and decided that I hate checkbooks. 41) Felt fat. 42) Felt skinny. 43) Felt like this entry is totally fucking lame. 44) Decided to end this entry with a swear word coupled with an ugly adjective. 45) Seafood cunt. Off to lunch with Ahmad and then off to a weekend of craziness. Most likely will not be back here until Tuesday. But you never know! Hope everyone has an incredibly fun Memorial Day. I know I will! Be safe. And never drink the fluid from an amniotic sac.

 Hi, my name is What? My name is! Who? My name is!!!! SO GENERIC SIT-EE! I am stuck in the middle of boresville today. Its rainy, nothing exciting is really going on, and I dont have too much to write about. I mean, what am I? Selfish? I just had a wonderful date two nights ago and now I sit here complaining that nothing fun or exciting ever happens to me. OKI have to understand that downtime is needed at some point. Snores. Here is a quick story My brother (who is currently in Baghdad) called my mom two weeks ago and was really shaken up over something horrible that had happened. Winfield was upset because a man in his unit had started freaking out over the fact that he was in Iraq fighting in a war. He bugged so badly that the chief officers stripped him of his artillery and weapons. They classified him as a level 9 or some shit. I dont remember what level it is when you go mentally insane. But that was the level that they classified him as. The night before this kid was to be sent home, everyone else in the unit was sleeping in the barracks in order to get rest for the next days mission. My brother was woken up due to a loud noise echoing throughout the building. He immediately jumped up, along with the rest of his men, and ran to where the noise came from. When they reached the room, my brother was horrified to see the Level 9 guy lying in a pool of his own blood. Apparently, this kid had saved one bullet before his equipment was taken away. He snagged one of the other troops guns and used the lone bullet to kill himself. My brother and his men were in charge of cleaning up the mess, despite the fact that they were witnesses to one of the most disturbing things any of them had ever seen. When my brother spoke to my mom, it took all he had not to burst into tears with her on the phone. He gets 20-minute time slots to talk and there is usually a line out the door. He didnt want to break down in front of his fellow men. Now, I dont tell this story lightly at all. I just find it easier to disconnect with the emotions of what actually went down. I cant even begin to imagine what my brother must have felt when he found the dead body. I dont think my brother has actually seen a dead body before this whole thing happened. It makes my heart hurt and it makes my stomach turn to even conceptualize such a horrific event. Poor kid. I wish he could come home now. Changing gears Paul and I had a very long talk last night about my date with Ahmad. He literally forced the information right out of me. I wasnt going to tell him originally because the idea of hurting him deliberately in any way destroys my insides. But Paul and I have been together for a long time and he is able to pull things out of me, whether I want to talk about it or not. I told him everything. Well, almost everything. I didnt tell him that my friend Joanna was the one that set me up on the date. I didnt think that was fair to her. Paul handled it all with grace and dignity, as he usually does when he finds out that I am interested in another guy. He grilled me on different Ahmad related questions for about an hour and then he continued to make jokes about it for the rest of the night. Paul is definitely jealous over the fact that I had a great time with Ahmad. I explained to him that if he would just step up to the plate and be a better boyfriend, or at least a much less neglectful boyfriend, I would drop Ahmad instantly and be with only him. He laughed my comment off and told me that he is still not ready. When I told him that I would continue to see Ahmad, Paul said Maybe it is better that we both date other people for awhile. Sure Paul. You go ahead and date other people. THE ONLY REASON I AM DOING THIS IS BECAUSE YOU DONT PAY ANY ATTENTION TO ME. Gah! He will take it more seriously once I start to have real feelings for another guy. And at that pointat that point it will be way too late. I wont love Paul anymore. This morning when I got out of bed, Paul was already in the shower. I deliberately waited for him to finish, rather than joining him in the bathroom. When he came back to my room, he was all I love you so much, I missed you while we were sleeping, I cant wait to spend time with you tonight. Barf. Why was he putting on this show? I gave him a brief and very un-passionate kiss on his way out of my apartment. Why does he do this? Why does he LOVE me one minute and DESPISE me the next? Why do I have so many mixed emotions about all of this? I have to do what is best for me. And more importantly, I have to keep telling myself that it is ok that I am doing this. I am someone who is constantly carrying unnecessary guilt. Yet, no matter how much I tell myself that it is okay to do the things that I do, sometimes I cant convince myself of it. When I saw the look in Pauls eyes after I told him that I stayed over at Ahmads apartment, I thought I was going to vomit in misery. He looked crushed. I explained that I didnt hook up with him, that there was no dick play. He handled it well, but that look... God, I hate hurting people. Hate it hate it hate it! So yesterday, as I am leaving my job, I see this incredibly attractive guy walking down the sidewalk toward me. At first glance I knew he was straight, so there was no reason to scope him out. However, as he approached me, he stared directly into my eyes and I did the same to him, even though I knew he was not sexually interested in me. (and I dont know why notI mean, even straight guys like to stick their dicks into a random tight hole sometimes, right?) As the guy and I passed each other, I saw him check me up and down and go Tisk. I was like Tisk? Tisk?!?! Did this guy just give me the once over and then basically tell me that I wasnt even close to his league of hotness? Thats exactly what it felt like. Like I was inferior. It was such a minor thing, but I have thought about that moment over and over and I wish I had said Tisk before he did. Or I wish I whipped out my cock and slapped him in the mouth with it. Dont tell ME Tisk. Fucking Tisk. A tisket a tasket I should have shit on his face. Im dating a Muslim. I love saying that to people. There is this lady at work (keep in mind that I work for a Jewish agency) who is constantly eavesdropping on all of my personal phone conversations. Yesterday, when I was talking to Mariah about the previous evenings adventures with Ahmad, she happened to be walking by my desk. Well, when I got off the phone, she came over to me and said: Co-worker: Are you dating someone other than Paul? Me: (GOD WHY DO YOU HAVE TO SPY ON ME ALWAYS!?!) Actually, I did go out on a date last night. How ever did you know? Co-worker: I always know, Joe. I pick up on these things. Me: (sigh) Yeah, you are SO intuitive. CW: Sowhats he like? Me: Hes handsome and a gentleman and successful and treated me like gold. What else could I want? CW: What did you guys do together? Me: (Well I took him back to my place and proceeded to fuck the shit out of him.) Well, we went to this classy French restaurant and then back to his place for conversation and some wine. CW: Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh! Was it romantic? Me: Incredibly. CW: I am so happy for you!! Me: Thank you, me too. You know, its weirdhe is the first Muslim guy I have ever met, much less dated. CW: WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA????? Me: whaaa? CW: Hes Muslim? I, uhoh neat. Me: Yeah, it is pretty neat. CW: Um, I(at this point I think she is pooping in her pants) what are you having for lunch? Me: Probably something Muslim. CW: AY YI YI! Ok, so the last two lines never happened. But wouldnt it be funny if it did? Yeah. Yeah it would have been. Oh welltoo late to go back now and erase what I typed. Computers just dont work that way. Its now 3:38pm. I cant wait to get out of here. I want to curl up in a blanket and watch a movie. Maybe make some popcorn, snuggle up close to a Muslim. Yeahnow THAT sounds HOTT! Rain, rain go away, cum in my face another day.

