 Topping: 1 stick butter 1 1/2 C sugar 2 T water 1 t gr. cinnamon 4 cups cranberries (I usually use about a bag and a half, which isn't 4 cups, but it works) Generously grease a 9-inch springform pan and wrap the outside well with foil to avoid leakage. Preheat oven to 350F. Set pan aside on a baking sheet. Melt butter in a medium saucepan. Add sugar, water, and cinnamon. Cook over low heat, stirring till sugar dissolves, about 3 minutes. Stir in cranberries, pour into pan and spread evenly. Cake batter: 1 1/2 C cake flour (I use regular all-purpose flour) 1/2 t baking soda 1/2 t salt 3/4 stick butter, at room temperature 1/2 sugar 1/2 c packed light brown sugar 2 eggs 3/4 sour cream 1 t vanilla Sift together flour, baking soda and salt; set aside. Beat butter and both sugars together till smooth and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, mixing well after each. Add half of flour mixture, mix well. Add sour cream and vanilla, mix well. Add the rest of the flour mixture, mix well. Spread batter in pan, covering berries evenly. Bake 45-50 minutes (it always takes longer than this -- more like 65 or 70 minutes) until top is golden brown and edges come away from the sides. A toothpick in the center should come out clean. Set the cake on a rack for 10 minutes to cool. Run a knife around the edge to loosen the cake. Invert it onto a plate. Remove the foil, the ring, and the pan bottom. Replace any cranberries that have escaped, cut into wedges and serve. VERY pretty, very holiday-ish, slightly tart, very moist. Yum.

 I just made some divine egg salad, which I've been craving like nobody's business for the last few days. So this isn't really a recipe -- but very yummy. hard boiled eggs, chopped mayo chipotle mustard a couple cornichon pickles, chopped a couple shakes of hot sauce Very yum. Very Zen, too. Esp on marble rye bread.

 2 T olive oil 1 small onion, diced 1 clove garlic, minced 3 sprigs fresh thyme - may substitute dried 1-2 T basil (or dill) 28 oz crushed tomatoes 1 1/2 C chicken broth 3 T honey 1 1/2 t salt 1/4 t ground pepper 1/3 c heavy cream In a medium pot, heat the oil. Add the onion and cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, until tender - about 7 minutes. Add the garlic, thyme, and basil and stir until fragrant. Add the tomatoes, broth, honey, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring frequently, until reduced by a quarter - approx. 15-20 minutes. Puree in blender - BE CAREFUL as soup will be extremely hot and has a tendency to go everywhere if you're not looking. Return to pot and add cream. Heat gently and adjust seasonings. Good with soft French bread or grilled cheese sandwiches. I love this recipe. I love homemade soup on a cold and dreary day. Yum. Recipe from urlLink Fine Cooking

 This is the soup I just made for dinner, and it was marvelously delicious -- a little sweet (but there are no sweeteners in it), a little spicy (from the parsnips), very hearty and autumn-y. Yum. Autumn Lentil Soup olive oil for sauteeing 1 large onion, chopped 1 clove garlic, chopped 1/4 tsp dried thyme 2 carrots, chopped 2 parsnips, chopped 2 or 3 potatoes, cubed 1 C green lentils, rinsed and picked over 1 tomato, skinned and chopped salt and pepper 6 C water Saute onions, garlic, carrots, parsnips, and thyme in olive oil about 5 minutes, or till tender. Add lentils, tomato, salt, pepper, and water. Bring to a boil, simmer for about 40 minutes. Check for seasoning. Yum.

 1 lb caramels, unwrapped 1/2 C evaporated milk Melt caramels in evaporated milk, then set aside. Do not melt on stove if you can help it - microwaving seems to keep the mixture from burning. 2 C flour 2 C oatmeal 1/2 C brown sugar 1 t baking soda 1 1/4 - 1 1/2 C butter or margarine Preheat the oven to 350F. Mix together flour, oats, sugar, soda, and butter. Divide mixture in half, then press half into a 9 by 13 pan, greased at your discretion. Bake 10 minutes. Sprinkle baked bars with 6 oz package of chocolate chips. Spread on caramel mixture, then add the remaining half of the batter. Bake 25 minutes. *** Sarah and I embarked on the Christmas cookie madness - we have a long list, but only got a few things done. More baking tomorrow - and consequently more recipes. Why the heck do I need another blog? I used to have a foodie site which I loved but never updated - and consequently no one read it. I thought maybe the convenience of urlLink blogger would make popping favorite recipes online a little easier. So watch this space for more recipe goodness as the tasty meals are prepared. :)

 1 C cold butter cut in 1/2 inch pieces 1/2 C sugar 1/2 t salt 2 1/4 C flour 2 T espresso (or instant coffee) Combine butter, salt, and sugar. Add flour and espresso; mix slowly, about 4 minutes. Roll out until 1/4 inch thick, then cut with cookie cutters. Bake on a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper for 30-60 minutes at 300 or until dry and golden. 9 oz chocolate chips 1 T shortening Melt chocolate and shortening in a double boiler. Dip half of each cookie in chocolate, then allow to cool on parchment paper at least 2 minutes.

 E asked for my stew recipe last night, and like many things, I don't have one. But here's what I told her (in case some day I'm old and senile and don't remember how I do this): My stew changes every time I make it, depending on what we have -- But here's what I did Sunday night. Sauteed a chopped onion in some olive oil, added some sliced carrots and diced potato, let them saute for a bit. Added a big can of stewed tomatoes (I would normally add diced tomatoes, but didn't have any) and their juice, added some veggie bouillon cubes, and some water. A can of corn, a can of blackeyed peas. Let that simmer for a while, added some thyme, oregano, celery seed, and a bay leaf. Once everything is all stew-y, I added about two tablespoons of flour to thicken it. Then I mixed up a package of pre-packaged biscuit mix (the one I used was cheddar and garlic), added a little extra cheddar, and spooned it on top of the stew. Let those cook for a bit, and ate it. Nothing major, nothing complicated. If I were adding chicken or something, I'd do it right after the onions. So there, for posterity's sake.

 I tried to make tortellini carbonara last night - lovely portabella tortellini (pre-fab, of course), bacon, cream sauce, etc. Unfortunately the recipe called for eggs, and no one seemed really sure if it was safe to eat a sauce containing real eggs - and I neglected to heat it up slowly, so the dish ended up looking like tortellini, bacon, and scrambled eggs. Singularly unappetizing. Any suggestions? The recipe I used was a close approximation of urlLink this one , though with less cream. Help!

 1 C sour cream 1 can cream of chicken soup 1/4 C dry white wine 2 C cooked chicken breast 1/4 C minced onion 4 oz sliced water chestnuts 1/2 C sliced black olives 1 C cashews 1 C grated cheddar cheese Mix sour cream & soup & wine together. Add chicken, onion, water chestnuts, olives, and cashews and stir to combine. Top with cheese and bake at 350F for 35-40 minutes. Serves 4-6. Good with rice or soft French bread. This recipe, a family favorite, was given to my mom by her friend Nice Phoebe. Nice Phoebe got the recipe from her friend Nice Nancy, who knew the eponymous Mean Nancy. Mean Nancy was not a nice person but made a good casserole.

 1/2 cup chopped green onions 1 cup sliced celery 1 cup sliced carrots 8 ounces fresh mushrooms, sliced 3/4 cup butter 1/2 cup all-purpose flour 1 teaspoon mustard powder 5 cups chicken broth 1 (12 fluid ounce) can or bottle beer 8 ounces sharp Cheddar cheese, shredded 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese salt to taste ground black pepper to taste Saute green onions, celery, carrots, and mushrooms in butter. Mix flour and dry mustard into sauteed vegetables. Add chicken broth, bring to a boil. Reduce heat of sauteed vegetables to a simmer, add beer and cheeses. Simmer 15-20 minutes. Add salt and pepper to taste. Check seasonings. I made this for dinner Friday night with Mark, Melissa, Sarah, and Shawn in attendance. Sarah brought fresh bread, and Mark and Melissa brought a pie from Baker's Square. We played Lord of the Rings Trivial Pursuit, laughed at the cats, and had a lovely night. Recipe from urlLink allrecipes.com

 2 large ripe bananas, mashed 3/4 C sugar 1/4 C milk 3 T vegetable oil 1/2 t vanilla 3 eggs 2 2/3 C bisquick 1/2 C chocolate chips Heat oven to 350F. Grease 5"x9"x3" loaf pan. Stir together bananas, sugar, milk, oil, vanilla, and eggs in large bowl. Stir in bisquick and chocolate chips. Pour in pan. Bake 50-60 minutes. Cool 10 minutes. Loosen sides of loaf from pan, then remove. Cool 1 hour before slicing.

 2 C flour 1/4 C packed brown sugar 1 T baked powder 1/4 t salt 1/4 C butter, chilled 3/4 C dried cherries 1/4 C chopped walnuts 3/4 C heavy cream 1 egg Preheat oven to 375F. Cut butter into dry ingredients. Add cherries and walnuts and toss to mix. In a separate bowl, beat together cream and egg, and slowly pour into dry ingredients. Knead just until it comes together, 3-4 times. Divide dough in half. On lightly floured board, shape each half into 6" round. Cut into wedges (4-6). Bake on ungreased cookie sheet about 20 minutes. Serve warm. I'm thinking these might be good with oatmeal - I'm going to have to experiment.

 3/4 C butter, cut into pieces 12 oz chopped chocolate (semi sweet, or a mixture of semisweet and bittersweet) -- I used chocolate chips 6 eggs, separated, at room temp 1/2 C honey (divided into 1/4 c) 1 T vanilla 1/8 t salt Butter a 9 or 10 inch springform pan. Line the bottom with parchment paper, butter the paper and flour the entire pan, and wrap the outside with foil. Preheat oven to 350F and set a rack in the center. Melt the butter and chocolate in a double boiler, don't allow water to boil. Stir occasionally, and remove from heat when melted; let cool to lukewarm (didn't take as long as I thought it would, about five minutes). Meanwhile, beat the egg yolks and 1/4 C honey with an electric mixer for 3 minutes, or until very thick and pale. Fold in the lukewarm chocolate and then fold in the vanilla and salt. In another bowl, using clean dry beaters, whip the egg whites till soft peaks form. Gradually add the rest of the honey, beating until medium-firm peaks form. Fold the egg whites into the chocolate in three additions. Pour the batter into the pan and smooth the top. Bake the cake 50 minutes until the top is puffed (might crack) and a tester inserted in the center comes out with some crumbs attached. Cool the cake in the pan on a rack. Be warned: it falls quite a bit. Run a knife around the edges of the pan to loosen the cake, remove the sides of the pan. Sprinkle with powdered sugar. So yummy! Almost a souffle -- so be careful while it's in the oven, don't jump up and down in the kitchen, or it will fall early.

 (warning: may be habit forming) Mash six medium potatoes, then set aside. Blend together, then add to potatoes: 4 oz sour cream 3 oz cream cheese, cut up 1 T butter 1 t onion or garlic salt (more to taste) 1/4 t pepper (more to taste) Put potato mixture in greased casserole dish - I prefer a low-sided oval Corningware dish - and top with: 1/4 - 1/2 C milk 1 T butter Bake uncovered at 350F for 1 hour, stirring twice. Can be made in advance, then heated up - just be mindful of moisture and add more milk or sour cream as necessary. When I make them in advance, I usually halve the baking time - baking for 25-30 minutes, then covering with foil until it's time to prepare the meal - then baking another 30-45 minutes, adding milk or sour cream and topping with more butter as necessary. I sometimes like to add 1 C cheddar cheese and more garlic - the cheese tends to burn so if you add it, you'll need to stir more often. I hate peeling vegetables - hate it hate it hate it - but it's worth the ten minutes with the peeler to have these potatoes. I know this all sounds like propaganda - but try it! You'll like it! I've been assured that they're just as good with low-fat ingredients.

 2 C all-purpose flour 1/4 C packed brown sugar 1 T baking powder 1/4 t ground nutmeg 1/4 t salt 1/4 C butter, chilled and diced 1 C fresh cranberries, roughly chopped 1/3 C white sugar grated zest of one orange 1/2 C chopped walnuts (optional) 3/4 C half-and-half cream 1 egg Heat oven to 375F. In a large bowl, stir together flour, brown sugar, baking powder, nutmeg and salt. Cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Toss cranberries with sugar; add to flour mixture along with orange peel and nuts. Mix lightly. Beat together cream and egg; slowly pour into dry ingredients, mixing with rubber scraper until dough forms. Knead dough 4 or 5 times, being careful not to over handle. Divide dough in half, and shape each half into a 6 inch circle. Cut each circle into 6 wedges. Place scones on lightly greased baking sheets. Bake in preheated oven until golden brown, about 20 minutes. These were hella tasty, even without the nuts. The dough was lighter and wetter than the urlLink Cherry Walnut Scones I made the other week, but they were still tasty and not as dry when baked.

 1 lb chicken breast halves Kosher salt & freshly ground black pepper 2 T vegetable oil + more as needed 1/2 medium onion, finely diced 1 T minced fresh ginger 2 T seeded, minced fresh jalapeno (I left this out) 1 T sweet curry powder 1 C low-salt chicken broth 1 medium potato, peeled and cut into 1/4" dice 5 1/2 oz can coconut milk, well shaken 1/2 C frozen peas 2 T roughly chopped fresh cilantro Trim the chicken into 3/4" thick pieces and season generously with salt and pepper. In a 10" straight sided saute pan (or skillet), heat the oil over medium-high heat until it's hot enough to shimmer. Add half the chicken and cook, flipping once, until lightly browned and just barely cooked through. Transfer the chicken to a plate, and repeat with the remaining chicken. Cover with foil to keep warm. Return the pan to medium heat and, if it looks dry, add another T oil. Add the onion, ginger, and jalapeno and saute, stirring almost constantly with a wooden spoon, until the vegetables soften, about 2 minutes. Add the curry powder and saute for 30 seconds. Pour in the chicken broth and scrape the pan with the spoon to loosen any browned bits. Add the potato and 1/2 t salt. Bring to a simmer and cook, partially covered (I do this with an inverted skillet), until the potato is barely tender, 7-8 minutes. Add the coconut milk and peas; simmer uncovered until the peas are thawed, the potato is fully tender, and the sauce is somewhat thickened, 4-5 minutes. Taste the sauce; add salt and pepper as needed. Add the chicken along with any accumulated juices to the sauce and turn to coat. Serve immediately, garnished with the cilantro. When I made this for Meat Night it was really tasty, though a little salty. I would recommend getting a low-salt broth, and maybe cutting the salt added to the recipe. A different curry might also help. Either way, this was really good with Parmesan couscous, a green salad, and some fresh melon. Recipe from urlLink Fine Cooking

 for Hannah 1 ripe mango 1 ripe avocado 1 can whole-kernel corn, drained 1 can black beans, rinsed and drained handful fresh cilantro vinaigrette dressing Chop the mango and avocado and toss with the corn and beans. Mince the cilantro and add. Toss all of this with a good vinaigrette dressing - I used a lime basil vinaigrette - and let sit for half an hour approx to allow the flavors to mellow. I used about a half cup of dressing - use more or less to your liking. This salad was spontaneous and amazing, and would probably be good with some fresh diced tomato as well.

 2/3 cup sugar 1/4 cup stick margarine or butter, softened 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 1 large egg 1-1/3 cups all-purpose flour 1 teaspoon baking powder 1/4 teaspoon baking soda 1/8 teaspoon salt 3/4 cup low-fat buttermilk 1 cup blueberries 3 tablespoons sugar 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour 1 tablespoon stick margarine or butter, melted 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon Preheat oven to 350°F. Coat a 9-inch round cake pan with cooking spray; line bottom with wax paper. Coat wax paper with cooking spray. Beat 2/3 cup sugar and 1/4 cup margarine at medium speed of a mixer until blended (about 5 minutes). Add vanilla and egg; beat well. Lightly spoon 1-1/3 cups flour into dry measuring cups; level with a knife. Combine 1-1/3 cups flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Add flour mixture to creamed mixture alternately with buttermilk, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Stir in blueberries. Pour into prepared pan. Combine 3 tablespoons sugar and remaining ingredients in a bowl; stir until mixture resembles coarse meal. Sprinkle sugar mixture over batter. Bake at 350°F for 40 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool on a wire rack. This cake was nearly effortless and tastes soooo good. Recipe from urlLink Lunch at Noon

 with many thanks to urlLink kfan 1 lb wheat noodles 1/8 C soy sauce 1/4 C rice vinegar 1/2 T sugar 2 t sesame oil 1 T red chili paste 3 cloves garlic, minced 3 green onions minced 1 large seedless cucumber, peeled and cut into matchsticks Boil the noodles according to package directions. In a small bowl, thoroughly mix together the soy sauce, vinegar, sugar, sesame oil and red chili paste. Add the garlic, onions and cucumber. After the noodles are cooked, drain and rinse them in cold water. Transfer to a large bowl. Add the soy sauce mixture to the noodles and toss gently to mix thoroughly.

 with many thanks to urlLink kfan and his mom 1 lb green beans, washed and trimmed olive oil 3 large cloves garlic, minced 1 T sesame seeds sesame oil tamari chopped ginger (optional) Bring a large pot of water to boil. Fill a large bowl with ice water. Boil the beans for about 4 minutes. Transfer beans via slotted spoon to ice water. Drain and dry beans. Heat some olive oil in a large wok or pan. Add the beans and the sesame seeds and some tamari. Stir-fry over high heat, occasionally pressing the beans down with the spatula to char them. Remove from heat and put in a bowl. Heat some sesame oil and saute the garlic (and ginger) with some tamari, until soft. Remove from heat and pour over the beans.

 2 pie crusts 1 lb rhubarb - approximately 3 cups 1 pint strawberries, halved 1 1/4 C sugar 5 T flour 1/4 t nutmeg 2 T butter Combine rhubarb and strawberries. Sprinkle with sugar, flour, and nutmeg. Toss lightly. Put in pie shell. Dot with butter. Put on top crust, flute, and vent. Bake at 350F for 45-60 minutes.

 with many thanks to Dan Wong and Shawn Gilmore 1/2 C olive oil 1/2 C balsamic (or red wine) vinegar 2-3 T basil 2-3 T oregano 3+ cloves garlic, minced 3-4 good sized portabella caps Clean mushroom caps and place in a large Ziploc bag. Toss marinade together in small bowl, then pour over mushrooms in the Ziploc bag. Seal the bag, then tumble the marinade around the mushrooms. The longer you can let it marinate, the better - 4-6 hours is ideal. Grill mushrooms 3-5 minutes, basting with marinade from the bag. Set aside. 2-3 chicken breasts Trim any fat from the chicken and slice into cutlets. Grill until cooked through, basting with remaining marinade. To assemble sandwich, place one chicken cutlet and one mushroom cap on a hamburger bun (toasted, if possible) with a slice of cheese between the cap and the chicken. Tasty!

 1 box Butter Recipe Fudge cake mix (plus ingredients called for by cake mix -- eggs and whatnot) 1lb bag of caramels 1/2 c condensed milk chopped pecans Turtles (the chocolate candy, not the amphibian) Make cake, bake slightly less than recommended. (Like one minute short of done.) Unwrap all the caramels (fun while watching West Wing; keep wrappers away from curious cats), and add to condensed milk in a big bowl. Microwave till all melted and gooey together, stirring often to make sure they don't burn. Poke some holes in the cake with a chopstick, and pour all the caramel all over the cake while it's still somewhat warm. Throw some chopped pecans on there, and nicely place some Turtles somewhere where they'll look pretty.

 2-3 good-sized ripe avocados 2 roma tomatoes (or one small tomato), seeded and roughly chopped 1 small white onion (or half a large white onion), minced handful fresh cilantro, minced juice of 1/2 lime 1/4 C lime basil vinaigrette dressing salt and pepper, to taste Slice the avocado lengthwise, removing the pit. Scoop out the flesh, and chop roughly. I usually do this with a wooden spoon after all the avocado is in the mixing bowl. Add chopped tomato and onion. Add cilantro, lime juice, vinaigrette dressing, and spices to taste. Mix 'em all up. Great with Hint of Lime chips. This will keep overnight in the fridge, but probably not much longer than that.

 A new look for 2002. I've also lost my deep love for poor capitalization. I'm sick of the bullshit, sick of the need for the elaborate, the ridiculously complicated. Criticize my lack of intricate layout if you choose, but this site was never about that. It's about me, about my thoughts, my feelings, my influences, and in short, that which matters to me. View the links at left, leave some feedback and hopefully depart my site feeling a little more enriched - or at least that the few moments spent here weren't a waste. Thank you for your time, your visit, and your words. Happy New Year.

 Went for a long walk with Katye today. She really is quite a remarkable friend. I'm so lucky that I ended up at AMCORE with her. She makes me laugh so much - and it's been a lot of fun to have a work out partner, even if she is so much skinnier than I am. We're both out of shape in varying degrees, so while she may be able to run a block further than I can, we are both trying together, which makes it better than trying alone. She is going to be my "honor attendant" or "personal diva" for the wedding - the one who keeps me sane and brings me things like bottles of water and nylons. I'm excited to be able to involve her - and really pleased that she wanted to help. So while we were gone on this long walk, Nate decided to go run around with his dad. Fine. Only problem is this: if Nate's home when I go running, I NEVER take my keys. I hate having them jingling in my hand or my pocket. So I got home and the house was locked. FUCK. He remembered that I didn't have my keys, so he put the keys on a hook by our door - and then locked the front door with the keys inside. Fortunately Katye was still home, so I walked back to her house - her mom let me in - and after Katye got out of the shower, we devised a plan to get in the house. We came back over here and she tried to scale the wall to get in - didn't work. We brought a ladder over in her Jeep - it was too short. Her younger brother and sister devised a number of schemes, including Katye standing on Mike's shoulders and scaling the wall - nothing worked. So we called my landlord - he had keys, but apparently no keys for the front door. Fortunately, my next door neighbor Jerry (who we suspect is in a ladder cult) was out feeding the squirrels and he just happened to have a 24 foot extension ladder. He propped the ladder up and supported it while I climbed in the pantry window - I briefly got stuck - there was a bunch of stuff on the window ledge and on the window itself, which wouldn't allow the window to open properly - but finally I got in. Nate called - and got properly chewed out by me for being thoughtful but disappearing. I was sore - but it wasn't until I took a bath a little while ago that I really figured out why - my hips, thighs, and knees are really badly bruised and scraped up from going in the window - ouch! WAY too much excitement for this girl on a Saturday afternoon. Here's hoping the rest of the weekend will be a little bit quieter

 Have fallen in love with the updates at urlLink moby.com . Moby updates all the time - sometimes two, three, four times a day - and his updates are so witty, so personal, so charming. He loves the Simpsons, loves living in New York, and once threatened to eat a cat because it scratched him and sent him to the hospital. I am delighted by every new update because you get to know Moby the man rather than the somewhat distant and quirky artist. I did my yoga tape last night and fell on my head twice. I love yoga. This morning I did The Firm and did NOT fall on my head. I did, however, have to give up during the pushups. I laid on the floor in a lump and was earnestly poked at by my cats. They are VERY interested in yoga. Last night I did child's pose and apparently stayed in that pose too long because Gypsy decided I was sleeping and that she might as well sleep too - on my back. I suppose working out with cats is a good way to lose weight. Had a major meltdown this weekend. Nate picked a fight with me and I ended up crying over the wedding, money, stuff like that. It was pretty miserable and exhausting. We got things figured out - he apologized - and I think crying released a lot of the stress of the last couple of weeks. I've been trying to make wedding decisions that will make everyone happy - and have succeeded in pleasing no one, including myself. I just decided on my wedding dress this weekend - that was one of the big stressors - I had to make that decision NOW - no waiting - and I was trying to decide between a gorgeous (but expensive) dress and a less gorgeous (but also MUCH less expensive) one. I went with the gorgeous one - it was the one that felt right - and my parents said that they'd rather pay the extra money and have me in the dress I want - then save a little and know that I wasn't happy with it. Thank god for generous parents. Oh if only his parents could be so understanding. They've been picking at us since we got engaged - I've taken about as much as I can from them - and it's stressing me out because they're hypercritical of every decision we make, especially ones that involve spending lots of money. Oh to be married and not have this stress - oh wait, I'll still have a mother in law. Oh well. It's Monday and I'm back at my desk. We were caught up with online apps - but not anymore. It's kind of nice to be here - the structure of routine is strangely calming - and I can spend my time dwelling on the problems of others rather than obsessing about my own. All for now....

 the ides of march. beware the ides of march today is friday. blessed friday. time to go home, to go enjoy the freedom of two days, freedom of the weekend. why is it that at 22 this is my only freedom? why is it that my life is chained to my desk, that my week revolves around answering the phone? why am i not out having adventures and meeting exciting people and doing amazing things? i don't know how i feel about being in the work force. i'm so not ready to be a grown up. i want to have the freedom to pierce my nose and dye my hair blue and dress however i want (not wear socks, mainly) and just be a kid, i guess. the stability and routine of a full time job are appealing - but in the end, not very satisfying. i hate that i have to plan weeks in advance to go see friends or have a manicure because i have to schedule a day off. i hate that i only get 6 free sick days during the year - and if i have to take a day off beyond my 6 sick/personal days, it counts against me. i hate it! i need a job i can be passionate about - and unfortunately, there are all too few of those. i don't want to spend my life in dead-end jobs, doing things that i hate to get by. my friend said "it's not my career so i don't give a shit" - that's my current job in a nutshell. i do what needs to be done so i can go home at the end of the day and not get in trouble. this malaise is coming at the same time that i got email from a friend that just met the boys - she went to some radio interview and got to hang out with them for a little while - so she's all agog about them - and i'm super jealous! also i've been listening to NIN almost non-stop - trent is my new pin-up - to feel that strongly - even if it's a negative emotion - that is what it means to be alive. i just feel like i have no passion - no drive - and the things that i do and feel are just pale imitations of greater things that i could be doing. i am so frustrated by my own inactivity - and by the petty things that drive the people around me. i've gotta get out of this funk. thank god for the weekend. e, over and out

 counting the cars on the new jersey turnpike/they've all gone to look for america

 jeff perri fucked my brains out.

 i know i said i would be better about capitalization. i'm sorry. the thoughts come too fast for me to stop. i have, however, improved my punctuation, though the dash is still ever-present. i want cucumber rolls. i want them so badly. i want cucumber and nori and sticky rice and pickled ginger and wasabi and soy sauce. if anyone is in the greater rockford area reading this right now and feels like going to jmk nippon and buying me a giant box of cucumber rolls and bringing them to amcore at colonial village, i would be ever so grateful. just don't buy more than $8 worth cause that's all i've got. ok, maybe not more than $6 worth cause i need to get salad for dinner. that's still 18 delicious salty little cucumber rolls all for me. please be a dear and bring them to me. thank you ever so much. e, over and out

 i am sick to death of fighting over money. i know this is one of those fights that never goes away, but i'm still sick to death of it. i'm sick of shitty credit and not getting loans that we need. nate's trying to buy a car right now and i don't know if it's going to happen. i wish it would go through. i wish some magic credit fairy would wave her magic wand and make all our bill problems go away. nate's been so grumpy about this car situation - his work is totally fucking him - but he can't really leave until he gets a car - but he can't get a car cause our credit sucks because we can't pay all the bills because his work is fucking him. i wish there was something i could do to remedy this situation - but even if we get a loan on the virtue of my (somewhat damaged) credit, it'll still be an insult to him because he couldn't get the loan on his own. damn fucking male pride. a funny story. today my ex emailed me. a couple of my friends from the honors program refer to him as "smelly jim," not because he smells (which he doesn't) but because he smokes camels (which they don't like) - and because they needed a way to distinguish him from the other jim in our class, affectionately known as "old jim." anyway, jim (smelly, not old) emailed me today - i wrote him earlier in the week saying how nice it was to see him at the party, blah blah blah - and katye and i had been talking about him, so when he responded i forwarded the innocent email over to her so she could see what was going on. well, apparently she decided that it would be a really great thing to harass him. actually, i think she meant to harass me - so she forwarded his message back to me with an addition: "ps i'm smelly" BUT instead of sending it to me, she accidentally replied to him. now, groupwise will let us delete sent messages if they're internal - but i seriously doubt that option works on external email. she immediately turned 14 shades of red and scrambled for a logical explanation - i emailed him and told himi to disregard any emails from her and that she likes to bombard any people that email me with bizarre messages. so what does katye do? she sends him another message that reads: dear jim, i'm wearing a hood and have five little pink peeps all in a row that are crying out for small sombreros. are you a NIN fan? if so you should check out urlLink http://www.theninhotline.net . meathead is my heart and liz's destiny. here's a good pirate joke: "what's a pirate's favorite bible story?" noah's ARRRRk. have fun and stay out of trouble. so now if he doesn't think i'm totally insane, i'll be lucky. if you're reading this, jim, i really didn't mean to harass you - and neither did my friend. i wish all of my updates were cheerful and humorous like moby's are. he talks about the simpsons and food and monkeys and music and amsterdam and all sorts of interesting and amusing things. i just bitch about money and my in-laws. run, run to moby's site and be uplifted. so i'm actually updating here. *gasp* that's right. updating. i added a new rant/rave today: unsent - and a new journal entry and a new song earlier this week. i guess this is what happens when i have no money and plenty of time. OH, and i also added some links. not a whole lot. but some quality ones. like a link to my beautiful meathead. and one to moby. hooray. these are the things i spend my days looking at. as sites are added to my daily catalogue, i will add them here. e, over and out

 it's tuesday. tuesday. the week's almost half gone - yet it has just begun. will i ever learn to love my job, to look forward to monday morning rather than dreading it? not at this job, though every day i sink further into the routine. 8:30 alarm, shower, email, clothes, dry hair, find shoes, brush teeth, cereal in a plastic cup in the car, brush hair, find badge, start computer, check email, log in, amcore bank this is elizabeth. ran into my ex this weekend, which stirred up a variety of strange feelings. saw him at a party - retirement party for my faculty advisor - knew he'd be there but still was strange. after two-three years of shunning me outright at the program parties, suddenly he can't get enough of me. is it because janet's gone? is it because neither of us knew many people? i don't know. it was just strange. i think i'm at the point where i need to find closure before i can get married. jim and i, there was closure there. or at least i thought there was. i'm over him - have been for a long time - but i do miss him. not in a romantic way - i don't know if i ever felt "romantic" about him - but as a friend. first and foremost, he was my friend. our friendship just got too intense - it was too much for me - and even though we tried it, it couldn't have worked - and i'm afraid i hurt him when i didn't mean to. i did what was right for me, and if i hurt him, i wish there was some way to say that i'm sorry. that's all water under the bridge now - but i didn't know what to say. i wanted to express interest in him, in how he's been, what he's doing, but i didn't want my interest in him to be misconstrued. so i was reticent and uncomfortable. is this closure? is this how former relationships are dealt with by adults? do i need to make a list? go through my "little black book"? do i need this kind of closure, this kind of strained meeting with all of the men i've loved, some of whom never knew? i don't know. all i know is that i'm feeling strange after that party. i'm not having second thoughts - i love nate and i want to spend my life with him - with the man i can sit on the floor and drink beer and play scrabble just as easily as i can dance the night away at neo or play with our cats or make a gourmet dinner or make love all night. he is my one, my true love, my choice. these other men and women are peripheral - they still hold solid places in my heart, but none are a threat to him. i'm just feeling like i want to have these doors closed behind me before i take the next step forward. e, over and out

 reasons why i love her: because she's beautiful because she's a great mom because she stood on a chair and read utopia to me while i took photos of her because i fucked jeff perri and she wasn't upset or angry with me because she plays piano because she reads italian because she wears short skirts and long jackets because she's my best friend because i can trust her with any secret because we're so silly together because she makes fish and then calls her neighbor the dj to warn him because it's been three days and i can feel the sensation of her skin on my fingertips because she wears clothes that are too big for her because i was there when she found out she was pregnant because her ex introduced me to my fiance because she feigns interest in my job because when she's in the room i can't keep my eyes off her because she makes fabulous quiche because she makes me smile because we once drank $2.50 wine and made our roommate nervous because i have never known anyone quite as remarkable as her because she did NOT run away to kentucky or vermont because we won trivial pursuit when we were drunk because she trained me in the magazine section because she comes over even though she's allergic to my cats because she sings silly songs because we watch the driveway lurkers and that's enough because peas are green because she went to clark & belmont and thought "ah, these are elizabeth's people" because we loved to watch john gustafson just walk because holding her in my arms is so sweet because she lived in the enchanted broccoli forest because she's getting brave about loving me because we went to dinner in a mine because she has the barnes & noble ass because she's my maid of honor because we sing along with ace of base because i couldn't have made it through the last four years without her because i make her cry at work because she makes me cry at work because she believes in headless chickens and cranberry powered assualt rifles because she celebrates foreign holidays because the smell of her hair haunts me because she has a tactile relationship with food because it took us forever to get things straight because we finally got our act together because she's wise because she loves al pacino because her baby was a newt before it was ever born because i do. and i just can't help it.

 i will be married in eight days. i haven't updated this site in more than two months - almost three. how do i feel about being married? i'm excited. i'm a little afraid. mainly i'm just ready to be done with it. not with marriage, just with the wedding. the last year - it's been fun - but it's been really really stressful as well. my family is wonderful - his is pretty great too - but no matter how wonderful the family, planning a wedding is hard. it's hard on finances, it's hard on families, and it's hard on relationships. a friend told me that if you make it through the engagement and planning period, chances are you're set. it will be beautiful. it really will. i'm looking forward to wearing my dress and having my hair up and feeling beautiful and adored. i'm looking forward to eating the carefully selected hors d'oeuvres and salad and entree. i can't wait to see catherine in her tiny blue dress and nate in his tux. it will be amazing.

 i'm not much for tributes. i'm really not. what happened last year was devastating - but in our grief, i think our mourning has become (in typical american fashion) over-commercialized. this tribute - this memorial - captured what i felt was important - the individual stories and memories and prayers for the lost, the fallen, and the irreparably changed. urlLink http://dir.remember.yahoo.com/tribute my tile is 92e911f9 if you wish to link to me. backBlog('012','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 man, i wish i'd written that. as it is, i thought it very intelligent and relavent and wanted to share it. more from me soon. happy halloween, kids. backBlog('027','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 feeling a bit better about everything after talking to sarah, russ, & jen. still not 100% but that'll come in time. hurt doesn't go away that fast. reading urlLink vita and harold - got my copy from amazon and am making headway. their letters are gorgeous - and a lot are really familiar to me. i'm going to have to write my thoughts in a clearer format soon. i'm marking pages and collecting my ideas. cats are freaking out and i have soup that's cooling. more soon. backBlog('026','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 i got hurt last night. we had a party and it turned kinky and things happened that made me very uncomfortable and very upset - me, the most open-minded and free spirited one of my group of close friends. people were hooking up that shouldn't have been - and the people i was with left me all too quickly to pursue others - others with whom i have serious issues. and i was left alone. and that made me feel like the last kid picked for kickball on a day when i'd already dropped my lunch and had to go without. i went to my small place and curled up and realized that no one noticed - except newman. and i'm so grateful for her. it was a nasty night - too bad because it started off really well. and now i feel like shit for breaking up the fun and for making people worry. i told nate to go upstairs and tell people they needed to find a new place to fuck. michelle came in and apologized for making me feel icky - she was a little up and said she kind of got out of hand - wasn't really aware of the main reason i was upset so i clued her in - and i think that made her feel a bit better because it wasn't really her fault. nick came in to say goodnight and kissed me good - made me feel a bit better about the night too. mmm. other than that the scavenger hunt was a great success. the somewhat domesticated white people (think i got that right) won by a very narrow margin, followed by most cataclysm (my team), party warriors, s&m, and danger inc. everyone had a great time - and our little punk neighbors came up to play too! they both got really, really drunk - one ended up getting sick - but not before they had a pumpkin fight in the lawn. i was upset because i really loved and was really proud of my pumpkin - but at the same time it was so DAMN funny. n has promised i can carve a new pumpkin to replace my smashed up kitty. so today i've cleaned the kitchen, picked up smashed pumpkin crap, thrown away maybe 50 beer bottles, had brunch with my family - we revisted all the stuffed animals of yore to hilarious effect - and now am just waiting for newman to wake up so we can take her back to the city. why does this happen? why do i always end up feeling like shit after our parties? either i've done something i regret - or i'm miserable because i didn't have fun - or because something happened that was icky. last year kevin reappeared, eva chose that night to tell me, and i didn't sleep. the birthday party was a fucking bust and everyone spent all the time flirting with katye and ignoring me. i think all that shit's payback for the erich thing. good friday was ok, i think. don't remember any serious regrets or disappointments there. i felt like a fucking retard after chuck's party in june though - the cousin thing - and i think i got payback for that last night. but nick is quite the kisser. and n doesn't mind. woohoo. i guess that's one good thing that came of the night. backBlog('025','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 i think i'm afraid of key lime pie. seriously. not like "oh my god, a pie coming at my head" afraid - maybe intimidated is the right word. i read a really divine urlLink book this summer that included a to-die-for recipe for key lime pie - ever since then i've been craving it. did i eat a lot of key lime pie prior to, say, june? no. actually, the last time (and really only time) i recall having it was when i was 13. my grandparents took me out to dinner with their next door neighbors and the neighbors' divine grandson scott (that's another story) and he and i shared a piece of pie. i remember it being divine. that's my last key lime experience until this summer. after reading the recipe, i immediately began CRAVING this pie - i would check the menu everywhere we went - i searched the grocery for key limes - but when i had the chance to eat the pie, did i? no. i've come up with some lame excuse every single time. today i had a key lime square from a moveable feast. it wasn't what i was hoping for - but it was good nonetheless. i decided it was ok that it wasn't perfect because it wasn't, after all, the pie. do i always set such ridiculous standards for myself? the answer? yes. so i've got the new site and i'm getting to work and i haven't had any remarkable brainstorms but i'm trying.... backBlog('024','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 welcome to the new me! well, not new me - but my new page. i wish i had something more spectacular to welcome you to - but that's in the works, i promise. my hostess mistress is designing something for me - and i'm trying to do some on my own as well. the only ONLY thing i don't like is having to use ftp because it SLOWS me dowwwwwnnnn. I'll just have to put more thought into it, eh? more tomorrow, i promise. i have a half day at work and can get this shit DONE. backBlog('023','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 mouth still ACHES. apparently i have developed a "dry socket" meaning my not-tooth isn't doing what it's supposed to. that's caused me to have wicked headaches and today has caused an earache. OW. i went back to the dentist (who by the way called me last night to see how i was doing) and he put some AWFUL tasting stuff in the "socket" that was supposed to numb it and make it heal - but what it mainly did was make my mouth taste like 1,000 cloves. ugh. on the bright side, i can now open my mouth further than before. on the not bright side, the earache hasn't gone away - making work really difficult. maybe i'll have to take tomorrow off. sounds nice, doesn't it? spent some time arranging my office last night - i went through and revamped a lot of the files so the paperwork is in some sort of logical order. nate made cheese soup, i talked to my grandparents on the phone, and we went to bed late. yawn. looking forward to another night of the same - dinner, then just lounging around. have heard rumours that one of my friends is a backstabbing ho-bag - not sure i quite believe it because the source of the rumours refuses to confirm who was the recipient of the stabbing or any of the circumstances - but it's funny how all this shit comes to light after a person isn't around. leads me to ponder the following: is it worse to openly admit to not liking someone or pretend to be someone's friend only to stab them when they're not around? just a thought. let's go for honesty, kids. backBlog('022','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 surgery tomorrow. getting a little anxious about this whole anesthesia thing. i know people have surgeries and are knocked out every day - but i'm still a little freaked. i've been assured that it's fine, i'll like it, it'll just be a nap and i won't be aware of it - but i'm terrified that something will go wrong, you know? with any luck you'll hear from me tomorrow, in one piece minus broken teeth, telling about the wonders of anesthesia. think of me around 9am cst, ok? watched urlLink the bachelor again last night. how do i get sucked in to watching all this bad tv? we watched last night because we were hoping the psycho bitch christy would get kicked off - and she did! the illustrious bachelor said she was emotionally unstable and had a "fatal attraction" sort of love for him. that is so great. picked up more books from the library last night - francisco pessoa - and more virginia. of course. i went in for the two books i had on hold and came home with seven. good stuff. i won the auction on ebay for volumes 2-3 of VW's diaries - i'm bidding on volumes 4-5 from the same guy. also ordered urlLink vita and harold from amazon marketplace. it's just as easy as interlibrary loan and i'll get to keep the books longer - plus i don't feel bad about spending money on things like this because they're books i really want. almost done with work - and then a three day weekend! granted i won't be able to enjoy it much because i'll be doped up and sore - but it's a three day weekend nonetheless! backBlog('021','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 so vast is playing a show on the west coast. a real show, confirmed by jon on the messageboard. do i believe it? maybe. am i wicked jealous? definitely. i guess i'll have to tide myself over with the grim faeries, thrill kill, and lords of acid next month. dammit jon. going book crazy on ebay. i'm bidding on a couple of volumes of virginia's diaries - if i can get them in good condition for $3 each, why pay the regular price?!?! i also should get my amazon associate thingy up and running again - but maybe i'll wait til after i move. ooooh i'm so excited about being hosted. i'm sure i'm driving my hostess crazy. give her some urlLink love . nothing else really new. urlLink loobylu hasn't updated - but that's to be expected when she's just had a baby. i'm bummed. i spent the beginning of the week reading all of her old posts - i guess i have to leech on to someone else now! wooo, i got on the list for another journal! all these people are leaving messages once they FINALLY get journals saying they've been waiting for more than a year - and i've been on this for a week and have already signed up for three! two days til my surgery. nothing major - just having my wisdom teeth out - but i'm really looking forward to being able to eat without pain - that is, once the recovery is over. i'm eating a milky way and wincing. backBlog('020','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 feeling a little better today. maybe it's the quiche i made this morning. maybe not. but i definitely did not feel in as severe a funk today as i did yesterday. I'M BEING HOSTED!!!! hooray!!!! as of, well, soon, i will be located at urlLink http://www.bitsofmadness.com/brixton - but it's not there yet so don't bother clicking. anyway, i'm super excited. i'm also on the list for another journal. wicked exciting day. backBlog('019','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 happy columbus day! oh, what to say. i've been in a funk since last night and i'm not entirely sure what to do about it. i spent the weekend with the rawther fabulous sarah in champaign - friday night she and her roommate had a party and invited most of their co-workers and friends from the english department. i was struck with rough pangs of envy for her, living this somewhat bohemian life, surrounded by people who THINK and talk about the things they think about. i miss the stimulation of academia - and that led me to start thinking about my academic decisions - or lack thereof. it is supremely frustrating to me that my lack of ambition led to my choice of a somewhat mediocre college. i was getting unsolicited information from YALE for god's sake. i could've done so much better if i'd put out ANY effort at all. instead i ended up at urlLink rockford college , which wasn't bad, i guess. i put in the minimum effort required to pass and somehow got pretty much all a's. i wonder what would've happened if i'd applied myself, if i'd taken it seriously, if i'd put half the effort into school that sarah does. and now what? now i'm working at the bank and reading voraciously and wishing i could go back to school - or at least be in that sort of environment - but instead i'm feeling stuck and miserable and depressed by where i've ended up. other than that, i had a brilliant weekend. the party was a good time, despite the fact that i knew no one. saturday we went to mark's glee club concert - awesome. sunday we tried to go to a couple of shops but they were either closed or invisible, so we ended up at barnes & noble, spending more than we should in the "home office" section. i love bookstores. came home to find nate tired and grumpy because his weekend didn't go as planned - we went to dinner at his parents' house - smelt (yuck) and fried shrimp (mediocre) and cake (tasted like yeast). came home and took a long hot bath, drank kahlua, and read a chapter or two of urlLink a very close conspiracy - then went to bed. too bad work had to come along and ruin all my fun, eh? backBlog('018','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 i cut about a third of my fingernail off last night chopping onions. i was very nonchalant about it. chop chop chop chop FUCK. i put down the knife, i made sure i still had a finger, i found my nail and threw it away, then bandaged up my finger and went back to chopping. ouch. i'm in love with urlLink loobylu - i'm reading through all the old entries. her illustrations are rawther fabulous and remind me of the bad girl books. and her baby has such cute disco hair! check it out. going to champaign this weekend to see canuck - she has her own apartment and is a rawther fabulous graduate assistant at the university of illinois. i'm looking forward to seeing her new place - she's been away for five years and i've never once been able to come visit, for which i feel hideous. i also get to see my brother and the ever-exciting missy. missy's birthday was yesterday and apparently my brother did something really fabulous for her - and she won't tell me, my sister, or my mom what he did. we're on pins and needles and are dying to find out what's up!!! this hasn't been a bad week, cut fingernail notwithstanding. i'm still glad it's the weekend. catch you on the flipside. backBlog('017','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 sorry for being incommunicado the last couple of days. i'm not dead - i've just been heavily under the weather - or just plain under. my surgery was friday morning - everything went really smoothly - i was in, under, and out within 45 minutes. ooh anesthetic. one minute my arm was on fire, the next i was in the recovery room. my jaw hurts like a motherfucker - and i just had them pulled! i can't even begin to imagine the pain of impacted teeth. they gave me vicodin which just made me sicker - still i'm holding on to that shit just in case. what i'm mainly sick of is not being able to eat. i've had my fill of applesauce and yogurt and pudding. i want a sandwich - a bloody sandwich! i want onions and peppers and cheese and lettuce and crusty french bread. i want potato chips! instead i'm having a dissected mcchicken sandwich, separated into top, bottom, and meat and carefully cut into infant size bites. i'm drinking a soda that is more ice than soda - and all that ice keeps hitting me in the face cause i'm not supposed to use the straw. ugh. a few more days and i should be back to normal....i hope. backBlog('99921','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 thursday. the day is almost over. can't wait to go home. ok, revise that. two hours to go - which seems like almost. it hasn't been a horrid day - i'm just always relieved when 6pm comes and i can turn my monitor off and go home. why am i back to all smalls? it looks better in the new font - or at least i think so. if you don't think so, please let me know. had a bit of a hurtful moment today. i visited my friend's website for the first time in a long time - she had changed formats - and it had been a long time - so i found myself surfing through each and every section of her page, including her urlLink livejournal , where i found a rather harsh entry referring to me, though not by name. i was in her wedding last month and had volunteered to help with some sundry activities - we were going to get together on a sunday - i had plans in the afternoon and so was only available until noon or so. i didn't know what time they got up - and she said she was going to call - so when i hadn't heard from her around noon, i went on with my day. unbeknownst to me, she had reserved all afternoon and then spent the day not doing anything, waiting for my call. she assured me at the time that it wasn't a big deal, but obviously she was more upset than she let on. i emailed her today to apologize - profusely - for that afternoon and for my general failings in regards to my bridesmaid duties. in addition to not being able to help her that day, i made other plans for the late evening following the rehearsal, not knowing that i was going to be needed for the decorating of the hall. god, the more i think about it, the worse i feel. if you're reading this, i'm sorry again. still reading urlLink a very close conspiracy . have gotten to vanessa's affair with roger. their letters are gorgeous. i didn't like the style of this book at first - but it's growing on me. or maybe i'm just reading it faster because i've got more to read at the end. don't know. either way it have 1:45 to go here at work and then i'm home home home backBlog('016','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 Happy birthday John. You would've been 62. You are missed every day. I should've worn your shirt today. Instead I wore my kitty shirt and thought of you at lunchtime. What would you have thought of this world? A little tipsy on mudslides - N bought me the individual bottled kind yesterday at the grocery. I had two with dinner. Yum. Skipped pub quiz tonight - supposed to be getting ready for the weekend but instead N is watching tv and I'm online. We watched The Bachelor - what a terrible tv show! He picked the dumbest whiniest bitch and let the really hot one go. What was he thinking? urlLink Tristian helped me figure out css today. It took us a couple of hours, but we found the error in my code and now I'm up and running and BLUE! Isn't this a gorgeous color? If you're reading this, THANK YOU THANK YOU and I'll catch you at urlLink 3am. backBlog('015','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 Today is my friend Erika's birthday. Happy birthday Erika-across-the-sea! The wicked headache from yesterday is still with us. Never had a migraine before, but from consulting with Jen she says that it's probably what I've got. She advised to take a bunch of aspirins and pass out in the bathroom. Instead I am at work, counting the minutes til I can go home. This morning instead of being a helper I warmed up some cider and flopped on the couch for half an hour with my book - still battling away at the bio of Virginia and Vanessa. I have a whole stack of new books from the library - more Virgina (of course), some Vita, and a few Laurie Colwin books - but nothing doing until I finish this bio - and I'm only half done! :( Thank goodness for renewing online. Woohoo! My checking account balances - and I found a $10 discrepancy - which means $10 more for me! PLUS the limo company actually credited me the $50 they promised (I didn't think it was going to come), so that's pretty cool. I've been having a great time surfing these last couple of days. I wish I could say I'm full of good ideas and that this site is in for a major overhaul - what I can say for sure is that I'm reading a lot of really good sites and perhaps may have to have a "site of the day" sort of feature for all you regular readers. OK, who am I kidding? The only regular reader is me - but that's ok. On the off chance that someone is stopping by....welcome! The site of the day is: urlLink 1000 journals . This site is amazing. I've registered - and will now be stalking the site in hopes of getting a journal as soon as one becomes available. I am NOT artistic at all - but this project fascinates me and I would love to be involved. More thanks to urlLink Tristian who very patiently helped me with .css again today. I'm still working on it - I'm sure it'll take me a week or three to figure out how to work this fabulous little style tool - but in the meantime, three cheers for her and her patience with my stupid questions. MMMM tomato soup tonight. And possibly last week's Friends. That would be a nice evening. backBlog('014','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 Must get better at updating this damned site. Am doing slightly better with writing in my journal thanks to my training wheels journal from urlLink journals unlimited . It's the "About Me" journal - I love it! As I suspected, the forced entries are helping me have things to write about - now I just have to force myself to sit down and write. My job. My job. My head is throbbing and I need to go home. I can't take the negativity and bull shit of this department. I talked to my boss about this last week - didn't get any solutions but I felt a little better. Now I'm feeling shitty again - but then it's Monday and I haven't had any caffeine and I was up late - so maybe I should wait another day. Spent the afternoon looking for web info. The fab Tristian at urlLink purple-ink has been a great help - go visit her site! My site is in dire need of revamping. DIRE need. I just don't have any ideas! I have content - but not ideas. That's a problem. So if you have any ideas, please feel free to give them to me! Here's an idea: I want tomato soup. I found this killer tomato soup recipe in Fine Cooking magazine - super good and super easy - but I think I'll have that for dinner tomorrow night as dinner is already on at home. Chili. Not soup, but not bad either. What a gorgeous weekend. N was busy on Saturday so I was home alone most of the afternoon - I wore my favorite clothes (diva sweater, track pants) and listened to a new cd (Beth Orton's Daybreaker) and drank hibiscus tea and read some magazines and wrote some letters. Then I took the portable phone out on the porch and talked to my mom. Sunday I made quiche with tomato and onion - we cleaned the house and invited N's parents to dinner - his sister came too, which was ok. N made pork chops and new potatoes - I made an apple crisp. Dinner was well received - as were the warmed up pieces of quiche Cheryl and Tina scammed off me - they looked at the wedding photos and went home early. N and I rented "15 Minutes" starring Ed Burns and Robert DeNiro - it was ok - a little overly violent for my tastes, so I spent most of the time reading the paper and clipping articles. 5:51pm. 9 minutes of work to go. I think I can make it. backBlog('013','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 urlLink I'M DONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Well, I'm done with the NaNo requirements. I don't think I'm done with the novel....but I'M DONE!!!!!!! If you go to urlLink NaNoWriMo and click on "Winners" you will find a girl named Sophie Fontaine - brixton - listed as a winner with her novel This Palace of Winds . I'm still trying to decide if I want to keep the pseudonym - I really like the name but might like to see my real name up there too. Hmm. Fuck it. I'M DONE!!!!!!!!

 ever have one of those weeks where you're sure you shouldn't buy a lottery ticket or go bungee jumping because your luck is just THAT bad? that's my week. we went to the thrill kill kult show last night and i was really cautious - i set the cruise control for 67, just over the limit, and trucked away towards milwaukee. once you get into milwaukee, the speed limit is 55, so i turned off the cruise control and slowed down. traffic was speeding by me, and i sped up going into a corner with everyone else. of couse, who's waiting around that corner but mr friendly milwaukee sheriff, all too happy to pull me over for 18 over. keep in mind that i have no license and no credit card. fortunately for me, the officer got called away to an emergency and didn't make me pay on the spot, although george said we could've put it on one of his credit cards and paid him back. so now i have two tickets in 6 days, probably 12 points on my license, and i'm down $331.40. this pretty much cements the 'should we move to madison?' debate - no point in moving up there if i can't drive. we'd have to get a place in the city or i couldn't work. god, i feel so fucking dumb.

 so i'm getting close to 20,000. should've been there on friday - or earlier - but that's just how it is. i struggled with the love scene all weekend - it's so hard to write sex that isn't tacky, porn, or unconvincing. i guess i just tried to write it the way i experience it - and if that makes it tacky, porn, or unconvincing - well, that's just too bad, isn't it? i only got about 1,000 words each saturday and sunday - but yesterday i punched up almost 5,000, so i guess that makes up for it. i need to average about 2,600 in order to stay on top - but we'll be at pub quiz tomorrow night, thrill kill kult on thursday, and i have the honors party on friday - so i think i'm going to have to play major catch up today. i should be writing right now - but didn't want to get in the middle of something and then have to go to work. ugh. what a weekend. i managed to get a speeding ticket - 85 in a 65 but out of state so it cost me $166.40 which i had to pay on the spot - and then lost my drivers' license and my amcheck card at the show. i had my cards in my pack of cigarettes, which was tucked into the top of my stocking. of course it fell out within about ten minutes, so i spent the next fifteen frantically searching for it, then conning the box office girl to let me use her phone to call in and cancel it. i was one step short of hysterical. i told nate he would have to drive - and he started going off on me - so i said fuck it and went off by myself. fortunately michelle came and found me - she gave me a drink ticket and made me all happy again. nick was bombed - he was bobbling away the whole way home to the beastie boys. cracks me up. *yawn* should probably get ready for work, eh? no word from erik - i hope i didn't scare him away....

 sorry i've disappeared for a week. i took on the urlLink nanowrimo challenge and have done pretty much nothing since except work, drink, and write. i meant to write - and to update - wednesday night but ended up getting wicked drunk with erik and spending all night playing trivial pursuit - and then spending all thursday in bed because i was still drunk. it was really bad. i haven't been that bad since london - i was really drunk after my bachelorette party but i puked and felt better - still fucked up in the morning but not so drunk that i couldn't drive. i don't know how erik drove home. i should've made him stay - but i haven't been able to the other times i was concerned. i guess he's a grown man - and works for the man, might i add - so he should know what he can and can't handle. oh, my attraction to him has not gone away. i wouldn't do anything about it - i love nate too much to do that, and he wouldn't touch me because of jessica - and nate - but ohhhhh the things i think about that man. (if you're reading this, sorry, it's true). maybe it's more like alix and jeff than i'd care to imagine - and maybe that's why the story is coming easy right now. attraction is a nice thing, especially when it fuels fiction. jeff was going to be just jeff but i'm thinking he's now part of every man i ever wanted - and a few that i got.

 urlLink National Novel Writing Month i am a chickenshit. i really want to do this project. really want to. and it's only the 8th, so i would still have lots of time to write. i've even gone to the page to sign up. but something keeps stopping me and i think it's my own chickenshitedness. fuck it, i'm signing up. ok, i just signed up. now i just have to come up with 50,000 words in 22 days. aaaaaaahhhhhhh! backBlog('030','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 he doesn't value me, my opinions, or my interests. ok, maybe he values me. but he thinks the things i read are dumb - or boring at best - when i want to watch a movie, he says he has "absolutely no interest at all." he's not interested in anything that doesn't revolve around him or his interests. if it doesn't have something to do with violence, food, sex, guns, me being naked, etc. now he's watching a tv show that has violence, fast cars, and hot women - and is ignoring me because he knows he's upset. if you're reading this - you - i love you and we'll talk soon.

 ran errands on lunch today. paid my loan, picked up my dry cleaning, picked up my newly repaired shoes (thank you charles street shoe repair for repeatedly fixing my beautiful shoes), took some books back to the library, and had a sub. busy busy. got email from e today. i hear from her so rarely that the little things i get end up meaning more. she said she won't be down until thanksgiving - and then not again until christmas - and the way my schedule is shaping up i won't be up til the first weekend in november. we haven't gone this long without seeing each other since this time last year when she was too busy with kevin to see me. i miss her. i miss her desperately. at the same time, michelle has come back into my life. well, she was never really NOT there - but we're spending more and more time with her and with nick - and the impression that i'm getting from her is that she's interested in picking up where we left off a couple of years ago. and i don't know how i feel about that. i'm attracted to her and to nick - i wouldn't be opposed to doing things again - but i don't want to hurt e or affect my relationship with her adversely. i love e so much - and our lovemaking has been so wonderful because we are totally in love - and i don't know if i want to sully that with drunken fumblings. i'm not going to say that i've had enough of drunken fumblings - they can be v, v fun - but what e and i have is really special. and i'm going to have to think a long time before i do anything to jeopardize that. we talked more about moving this weekend - in order to establish residency and get cheap tuition, we'd have to live in wisconsin for a year. i don't know how i feel about moving either. we just got settled in our new apartment. i hate thinking about having to pack it all up again and find a new place and get settled all over again. at the same time it would be nice to get a new start - to live somewhere we've never lived before - to get away from n's family and the baggage of a life spent in one place. who knows? we're going to have to give it a lot more thought before we make our decision. ugh, 40 more minutes of work left. backBlog('029','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 i apologize for the morose posts this week. i've been in a funk and i just can't explain it. i think it has a lot to do with last weekend - and with grad school. i'm seriously thinking about urlLink the university of wisconsin school of library and information studies - to study library science in particular. a couple of problems - i don't live in wisconsin. tuition for residents is around $5000/year. tuition for non-residents is around $17000/year. so, you say, why not just move there, establish residency, and be done with it? it takes a year to establish residency in the state of wisconsin. meaning that if we found a place tomorrow, we'd have to break our lease, move to wisconsin, get new jobs (well, i would - nate already works in madison), and live there for a whole year before i could even apply! now, it's likely we won't move until springtime because we just moved two months ago. application for the fall semester ends december 15. so if we move in may of 2003, the earliest i could conceivably start school would be january 2005. that is, if they allow you to start at the half. i'm excited about the possibility of a move, about going to school - but i'm depressed because at the minimum i can't start for two years. and paying $35000 for a $10000 education is just out of the question. we'd be paying more for two years of graduate work at a publich university than for four years (including a semester abroad) of undergraduate work at a private college. i think that's most of what's getting me down - that and pms nate just doesn't understand because he doesn't see the rush. he feels like he's giving me everything he has to give - and that's not enough. he doesn't understand that i am happy with him - it's just these other circumstances in my life are depressing me. he seems to think that it's a competition, that i have to have my degree before my friends do - well, that's not going to happen and it isn't the case anyway. i am depressed because i found something i want to do - and now i have to wait. am i crazy? maybe. anyway, i should go - we're having brunch with my family in an hour to celebrate my dad's birthday - which isn't until next weekend. why are we celebrating today instead of next weekend? no one seems to know. oh well, free breakfast is good by me! backBlog('028','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 she is getting married. after four years of saying no, he finally said yes. rather, he finally asked and she said yes. i'm wicked excited for them - but filled with the sort of trepidation that i'm sure she experienced a year and a half ago when i made my announcement. he says she doesn't have to stop loving me - but those things are very easy to say but oh so hard to carry out. he says he realizes i'm part of the package - i gave her a ring first, after all. i hope it's true. i hope that this does not take her away from me. it's dreadfully selfish to think this way - but we've so recently reconciled - and this last month has been a remarkable whirlwind of passionate letters, of longing and fulfillment, of so much happiness. i guess i just don't want things to change. i want her to be ridiculously happy - but i don't want things to change between us, which i know they will now that she has a fiance and will soon have a husband. but the ring i gave her signified my love - my ever-changing yet somehow constant love - and it will weather these changes as many before them. and she's moving next door! moving back to town! well, i believe they'll both be living next door, which is fine - but SHE'S MOVING NEXT DOOR! no more three hour drives. no more months of separation. NEXT DOOR! i went to urlLink hunky dories this weekend with kate and canuck - fabulous! we went for coffee to urlLink the divine cup - all ended up with chai - and then walked the block or so and up the stairs to the shop. it was every bit as wonderful as i expected - and part-owned by someone i know! i sent fan mail on christmas eve cos their sign made me smile - so it was only fitting for it to be so wonderful. the email i sent: Let me just say that I am wicked excited to see that you're moving into downtown Rockford. I'd be more wicked excited if my keyboard were working - but that's neither here nor there. Ooh a slow silver car. I digress. I drove past your shopfront on the way home from the library a few weeks ago and said "OH MY GOD! That place looks awesome!" This was of course said to myself so I didn't have to explain to any passengers why I was insanely excited about a POSTER. I continued to be insanely excited - and actually went home and called my v best friend and said "There's this new place opening up downtown and I don't know what they do or sell or whatever but I think I want to work there just on the basis of the font face used on their sign. Oh, and the utterly charming name that I can't remember." She laughed, of course. So that was that and I forgot about your little spot o heaven for a few weeks - until my next trip to the library. Replay scene described above, complete with excited squeals and what-not. So today I FINALLY remembered to grab a pen and paper so I could scribble down your utterly charming but apparently easy for me to forget name - and I came home and searched the interweb and sure enough, there you are - a divalicious bit of fab awaiting some development but otherwise utterly cool - and I felt inspired to share with you how much I've already enjoyed your store, even though I've never set foot inside. One of these days.... PS I think it's WAY WAY cool that you have a sign paying tribute to Joe Strummer. I'm not a Clash fan - but that is still v cool of you. anyway, i got fab email back, checked the place out, and it totally rocks. so give them some business, will ya? it's urlLink hunkydories.com - 221a east state street, rockford. tell them elizabeth sent you. won't get you anything free, but then maybe they'll hire me to work for clothes. please? i'm eating shrimp ramen and should be cleaning and prepping for tomorrow night's soiree but instead i'm watching amelie. i had a nasty day at work and just want to relax for a few. i'd really like to take a bath - but i have way too much to do. i'm hoping to write tomorrow - but if not, HAPPY NEW YEAR!

 so jen and i were talking at work yesterday and have decided that it might be a really good thing to put together a cooking section on my site - or on one of the sites. we've made a whole list of family recipes we'd like to include - so now it's up to me to develop it. today's list: things i would like to do with my site: a cooking section featuring family recipes and ones submitted by you, the reader SOMETHING will all my photos a fub section with an interactive fub quiz a forum that actually gets some hits and isn't all pop-up ads other things that are in development: a family site for my mom's side - for swapping photos, recipes, tidbits of news - all the things you do with your family n's adventure site - i think i'm doing that for his birthday, if it's still available i think that's about it. had dinner with n's parents and his sister's godparents last night - not too bad. his dad is SO cranky and demanding - we went to tgi fridays at 7:30 on a friday night and he freaked out cos there was a 45 minute wait and because there weren't any waitresses in the waiting area. everyone was kind of rolling their eyes and talking behind their hands - "told you so" "yup, he's cranky" etc. dinner was good - i had a cosmo and a wasabi tuna sandwich - yum! if anyone knows the recipe for those, please urlLink tell me . we did our gift exchange with the godparents - n got bears memorabilia and fishing stuff, i got a pair of lovely earrings and a necklace. canuck came over later and we watched ice age. going to wausau tomorrow to see her. it'll be a whirlwind trip - up on sunday morning, back monday night - but it's something. i'm going to give her her christmas present on sunday - i hope she likes it. i hope it isn't too much. i've really agonized about this for months. gotta go, cat's in the tree again. going to beat his furry little butt. merry christmas if i don't post again before then!

 our christmas tree fell over last night. twice. the damn thing is big enough that it scrapes the ceiling - yet somehow either it fell over on its own - or the cat helped it - all around 2am. ugh. we both heard a crash, so i went to investigate. n helped me prop the tree back up, i tightened the screws again, and went to refill the water. as i was under the tree refilling the water - you guessed it - the tree came crashing down again. grrararrarrrr. miraculously nothing broke - including me, buried under eight glorious feet of white pine - so we're going to redecorate and rearrange tonight. i think i should probably rewater the tree - but if it comes down on me again, i swear i'm going to kick that shit to the curb. we'll see.

 had a "working lunch" today during which dan and i plotted to eat bread and not go back to work because we were in theory with our bosses. my creamer was "mini-moo" brand. and then we came back to work and the computers were down and i stared at my wall for a couple of hours. tonight i made "my old man's superb chicken" from the urlLink new naked chef cookbook and it was DIVINE. the wine sauce could've reduced a bit more - but oh, it was wonderful.

 nothing much to report today. i finished urlLink the tale of the rose last night in the bath - it was quite lovely. i really felt for consuelo de saint-exupery - her husband was constantly leaving her and then coming back and reclaiming her heart at the most inopportune times. his words for her were so beautiful - i wish i was proficient enough to read that book and urlLink the little prince in the original language. wow. mmm mmm mmm. have i mentioned how hot hot josh is? i trained him today on mps and mmmmmmm. not the brightest bulb but he makes up for it with his radiant hotness. when he first started katye swore he radiated a holy light. she called in sick today - not surprised after last night's drunk-dialling. poor thing. at least i'm not the only one who has had to do that. a funny moment: mary emailed me today to tell me that i can get pine nuts at the 320 store. i thought to myself "oh my god, how does mary know that i'm looking for pine nuts??!?!?!" and then "oh." duh. urlLink born. eat. shag. die. make your year in 20 words or less.

 she just drunk dialed me and mmmmmmmmmmm....................

 have noticed that a lot of subject lines have been rather inarticulate. wonder why that is. well today i'm just feeling blah. maybe it's cos i've been home by myself pretty much all day - and as soon as n got home he was cranky about something or other. we're making BLT pizza and the last time i didn't think we put any cheese on it - so i didn't get any when i went to the grocery this morning. n told me to figure something out for dinner - i decided on pigs in a haystack - yum. well, he got home and decided we were going to make this pizza even though i'd already planned dinner. so i went back to the store and got the stuff for the pizza, less the cheese that i didn't know we needed. so of course he was pissy and had to go to the store himself cos i refused to go again. ugh. as soon as i got home, bearing margarita mix, 3 lbs of ice, 3 gallons of water, and two bags of groceries, he started yelling for me to come help. no "can i help you bring stuff in?". no "wow, bug, that's a lot of groceries." COME HELP. ugh. i guess i'm just not feeling appreciated - or like i'm achieving anything even though i've been working pretty much since i got up - i posted the five books i sold yesterday, i made meal plans for the week and went to the grocery, i cleaned a little bit, etc. now i just want to - i don't know. i think i want to soak in the tub, read some, and then go to bed - or at least be asked what i want to do. last night i kind of wanted to go see my friends but that wasn't even presented as an option - we went to dinner, blew all our extra money on boots for n, then came home and they played video games. woohoo. tonight? we're making dinner and watching movies. doesn't he ever get sick of sitting in front of the tv? today's list: hard things to find at the grocery pine nuts tinned mango reputable-looking chicken saffron - i found it, but it was $12!!!!! arborio rice maybe i'm just shopping at the wrong stores.

 i've decided that in the interest of people getting to read more than one entry, i will henceforth leave more than one entry on this page. mmmmmmm. got a wonderful fun letter from her today - full of things that will and might be - things she wants to do to and with me - kiss me on the beach, in the subway - and more private things that i want to write about but i also want to keep just for myself. i ran home on lunch for the express purpose of getting her letter and savoring it all by myself and oh what a letter. oh good god i am in love with this woman. today's list: things i did today had sushi for lunch stared at the wall for a few minutes to pass the time colored some posters for our "year end celebration" printed out lots of hello kitty things visited amazon.com about 15 times laughed a lot read a fabulous letter twice laughed at "all your base are belong to us" had a clothing crisis sent lots of emails did some work danced around my house in my underwear to faithless had a margarita talked to her and said "mmmmmm" a lot invited our punk neighbor to new years' bought a catsuit and red red red lipstick chewed some cheap bubblegum did NOT come right out and say how badly i want her mmm time for bed. wish she was here and not so damned far away. soon enough.....

 my house is a freaking mess. that's the bad part about leaving for the weekend - i come home and my house is shit. at least i didn't have to make dinner - n has cooked the last three nights. good husband. i did have to go to the laudromat, but i really don't mind that. it just sucks that i have to go do ANOTHER thing after work instead of coming home. the weather was really lovely today - sunny and warmer than it's been recently - the snow and ice were melting, which is good by me. i emerged from the basement into the light of mid-afternoon and didn't want to go back down. my stockings have a big hole in the heel. damned cheap stockings. letters to write, books to read, a tub to soak in.... today's list: things i miss about the old apartment consistent hot water doors that can lock without a key linoleum in the kitchen a pantry with a window the deep wonderful clawfoot tub being able to check the mail without really going outside shelves above my sink temperature control bedroom doors that latch memories of her wherever i look

 new quotes. new clicks. new words. not really lotsa new stuff but lotsa stuff floating around my head. i got my urlLink journal finally - no. 998 - urlLink rachel fedexed it to me at eva's. i opened it with a great deal of wonder - and spent the greater part of the weekend - when i could stop glowing for a minute - thinking about it. i've got some good ideas, i think. jen loaned me her colored pencils and a glue stick. dan loaned me his head collection. we're off and running! i woke up this morning smelling her - and then realized it's just the lotion she wears that i got by mistake and had left on my nightstand. and then i remembered how good our goodbye was. and how happy we both were. and how crazy i feel inside - and it didn't matter so much that she wasn't there because she'll be there soon - or i'll be with her. right now time doesn't even seem to really exist. and that's a wonderful feeling.

 i am so happy. so very happy. i spent the weekend with her and it was so wonderful. we both cried and laughed a lot - and cooked and shopped and kissed in the movie theatre and stayed in bed late and and and...sigh. i'm so happy. i don't even know how to explain it. when we first figured things out, i was deliriously in love but whenever i left her i was devastated because i had to leave. today i'm every bit as much in love - and many many things have changed - but one change for the better was that leaving wasn't devastating - i got out to my car and had to call her to tell her one more time how much i love her. i can't even begin to say what i'm feeling. i feel like i have a big stupid grin on my face. i feel like i'm 14. i don't know when i will see her again and as horrible as that is, it can't damper the wonder and joy i'm feeling right now. we're ok. we're really ok. and if you're reading this, i'm wicked crazy in love with you.........

 yes, that's right, i'm on vacation. vacation. doesn't that have a lovely ring to it? i am going to eva's for the weekend to celebrate thanksgiving. n, joe, and sarah are coming up on saturday, so we'll have a proper feast. i'm nervous about the drive after my ticket fiasco - but if i set the cruise and don't tempt fate, i should be ok. this isn't a big holiday weekend - and the second ticket hasn't shown up - so i will try not to worry too much. i'm also nervous about seeing her - i'm v excited because it's been months - but v nervous as well. i don't know why i'm so nervous - i know she still loves me and wants me to be there - i guess i'm just worried that things aren't going to be like they were before. i'm not sure why that bothers me so much. we were so passionate and intense and crazy this summer that anything different will seem somehow less - but that's not true! and i guess i just don't know whot to expect or how to react. and i feel bad about leaving n home alone for two days. and and and i don't know. i'm constantly shooting myself in the foot - i want something so badly that i talk myself out of wanting altogether because i'm afraid of disappointment. it's utterly ridiculous.

 Today I'm baking bread and cookies. I got up early and made the bread dough before work and did the kneading on my lunch break - good timing cos I had a bastard customer right before I went to lunch. He made me so angry that my hands were literally shaking. I just wanted to scream! Instead I took deep breaths and helped the customer - and then came home and abused my bread. The bread looks OK - I haven't tried it yet - but it is making my kitchen smell remarkable. State of the Union address tonight. President Bush is saying good things - but will there be follow-through? I spent today reading urlLink Another Girl at Play . It is such an amazing site - but also somewhat depressing for someone like me, wanting to follow her dreams but not knowing what they are - dying to live a creative life but stuck in the routines of a job that I don't dislike but that systematically and thoroughly stifles the creative urge. Go there. Read the stories. They're amazing. You will feel better about your dreams - and maybe, just maybe, you'll get that glimmer of hope that's needed to break out. Oh yeah, and I'm harassing urlLink Sarz and begging her to help me with my site - give her some urlLink love in return.

 What a weekend! I went to Champaign to see Sarah - she and Hannah threw a January birthday Saturday night for everyone born in January - in this case, Hannah, me, Jim, Joe, Andy, Donovan, and Clint. It was awesome - and even better than last time cos I knew a few people. Last time I had fun, but felt v weird cos I was pretty much the only non-grad student there. They were all talking about profs and classes and I was just like "yep." This time there was less focus on school - whew. Instead we talked about lint farmers and Amity sponsoring Andy's college education with her massive bacon habit (she once ate 1/2 pound of bacon for dinner cos that's all she had) and license plates made of pork, lint, soy beans, and (just once) pork made of license plates. We drank literally all the alcohol in the house (which may explain the pork made of license plates). I laughed so hard that I cried and my face hurt. Sunday morning Sarah and I had breakfast with Mark and Missy at urlLink Le Peep - what fun! Mark and Missy regaled us with stories of Steve's narcolepsy - he would apparently do v. bizarre things all the time so Mark would pile things on top of him when he fell asleep. Once while he was asleep Steve put one of his gross shoes on Mark's bed (where Mark and Missy were sitting and watching a movie). When Mark put the shoe back on the ground, Steve got all pissed off (still in his sleep) and laid back down, crossing his arms and wrinkling his brow angrily. I bet he'd make an interesting roommate. It was nice to see both Mark and Missy - and I think they had fun playing with the cats and having a non-dorm breakfast. Sarah and Hannah have cats! They're small and fuzzy and so adventurous - and my cats look HUGE in comparison. I'll have to scam some photos of them off their loving mothers. :) Thought for the day from Moby: "p.s-i do think that one of my favorite american expressions is 'chill the fuck out'. it's kind of like saying 'embrace pacifism you asshole.'" Last night was the all-pirate Super Bowl. I must say that it was distinctly non-climactic. Even the commercials weren't all that great. Something new: urlLink The Friday Five (yeah, I know it's Monday): 1. What is one thing you don't like about your body? I would really like to lose about 20 pounds. Let's leave it at that. 2. What are two things you love about your body? I really like my hair and my feet. Nothing especially attractive or extraordinary about my feet, they're just reliable. My feet have been good friends. :) 3. What are three things you want to change about your home? Doors that close and latch. Hot water on a regular basis. Hard wood floors. I'm not asking for much. 4. What are four books you want to read this year? urlLink French Lessons by Peter Mayle, urlLink The Blind Assassin by Margaret Atwood, urlLink A Short History of Nearly Everything by Bill Bryson, and urlLink Villa Incognito by Tom Robbins. 5. What are five promises you have kept to yourself? I promised myself I would finish college. I promised myself I would not run away from my wedding. I promised myself I would not shake my cats, no matter how bad they are. I promised myself I would get a real job. I promised myself I would continually work on being fabulous. So far I've been able to keep all those promises.

 I started rereading the urlLink book ; yesterday and so far have finished chapter one - I really enjoyed reading about her "places." I suppose quotation marks aren't necessary - but I wanted to put an emphasis on place since she certainly seems to. I think it's really interesting how place affects writers so differently. In many of Virginia Woolf's books, for example, London is alive and is as much a character as Clarissa Dalloway or Orlando or any of the Ramsays. Place is of extreme importance to Vita Sackville-West - her most acclaimed piece was basically a love song for Knole, her family's ancient estate - she describes her separation from Knole in physical terms, as if the land were her mother and her ejection from it her birth. It's amazing to read. Crosswicks in the same sense becomes Madeleine's adulthood - it seems to encompass all that she values in her family and her marriage - it is old, comfortably old, ever-changing, ever-welcoming, bustling with life and happiness and tears and all those things that make life worth living. I guess I think of my family home in the same way - my family home that is now in danger of sale. For those of you who haven't heard, my parents' property has been annexed into the city of Rockford, the annexation bringing with it few benefits except the MUCH higher city tax rate. I only lived in the house for a year - but I have so many memories tied to that place - I can understand Madeleine's loving reverence for her home. Some thinking on banned books: urlLink http://www.sitehouse.net/jamesbow/000039.shtml ; The same guy has a really quite erudite discussion of the Philip Pullman Dark Materials Trilogy that goes well with yesterday's article. Going to Champaign tomorrow. I was supposed to go tonight but accomplished NOTHING this morning before work, including packing - well, I guess I did make my spinach dip. I got to work at 9:30 and promptly panicked cos I couldn't remember if I turned off the stove - so I begged my boss to let me run home and check, thus wasting half my break. Of course the range was off. Grr. So instead of having my lunch break to pack and do dishes and all that, I didn't even have time to leave work. Boo. So instead of going down tonight, I'm going down tomorrow. I really hate my dial-up. Really fucking hate them. I can't keep a connection about 75% of the time - and it's not call waiting or anything cos I have that disabled. I just get kicked off and there's no good reason why. Please send HATE MAIL to urlLink RWORLD and tell them their dial-up SUCKS. Thank you.

 What do you think of this article? urlLink A Labour of Loathing Let me know. I deeply love Narnia - it's an essential part of my childhood - and I am surprised and disappointed to see it so under attack. At the same time, I haven't (to my eternal shame!) read the His Dark Materials trilogy, so I don't feel like I can really comment without being biased. Really, I'd like to know what urlLink you think. Not v. itchy today - finally. The steroids and the antihistamines - plus all the water I've been trying to drink - must have done the trick. Too bad the spots really haven't faded. I might have to go to a dermatologist for that - boo. Today has been just about the longest day I can remember. We had a staff meeting - most of which was old hat for me - but that meant that we were rotated out in groups of 5 over a period of about five hours - so lunch hours were delayed and everything was just all messed up. Jen didn't get to go to lunch until almost 3:30. Ridiculous. I made an executive decision and went to lunch at my normal time (2:00pm), figuring that I hadn't been on the phone at all so far so my absence probably wouldn't matter much. I was right. Tomorrow is payday. Is there any feeling better in the world than a full checkbook and a weekend ahead of you?

 Still itching. Still spotty. I went to my doctor on Monday and they gave me a steroid shot and Zyrtec and I'm feeling a little less itchy - though it's still pretty bad. I feel absolutely hideous. At least Pop assures me that when the spots fade (whenever that is) I'll have a tan! Not much consolation for the party I'm going to this weekend - but it's something, I guess. Tonight we made The Naked Chef's Tempura - it was good, but was missing something. Not sure what. Any suggestions? Coming soon - LUNAR YELLS!

 I'm doing a little bouncy in-my-chair dance to "Love You Madly." It involves moving my arms and shoulders up and down and wiggling and bobbing my head a little. It's pretty fab. So picture me in my pajama pants and big grey sweater doing this little dance and trying not to itch. Itch. That's right. Somehow I woke up this morning covered in itchy red bumps. It's awful! I took a shower and retreated to my bed, where I slept in (what I thought was) a somewhat fevered haze, hallucinating all kinds of weird things - doorbells, N coming home, etc. I then woke up with a craving for carrots and chocolate. Weird. I'm about one step away from asking N to lather me up in calamine lotion and diving into an oatmeal bath. If I'm still itching tomorrow, I'm heading (back) to Immediate Care to give that damned doctor a piece of my mind - the reigning spot theory has to do with me having an allergic reaction to my antibiotic - I wonder if that would count as a check-back? Then I wouldn't have to pay another co-pay! "Yes, my doctor is a halfwit peabrain and he gave me itchy red spots. I'd like to see him again." Perhaps then he would call me a retarded monkey? I don't care as long as these spots go away. Knitting is fun! She re-taught me Friday night and I've been hard at work since - well, when I haven't been at work or in a fevered haze or itching my spots. My cats are quite mesmerized with the clicking needles - they haven't really noticed the looong trail of yarn, so I suppose I should count my blessings. :) I have about three inches of green! Watch out - it's homemade Christmas present year! There was a big old war protest out on State Street yesterday! If I wasn't working and had a fabbo sign, I would have deffo joined them - instead I drove by while escaping work for five minutes to get food. I was clapping and cheering in my car and almost crying - though I'm not sure why. I guess I'm just proud and pleased that there are people out there who see how WRONG what we're doing is and that have the guts to stand up and say something. Heidi and I have been talking about this - she has cousins and LOADS of other family in Egypt and elsewhere in the Middle East who stand to be basically fucked if war breaks out. I just really feel that we're making a mistake by going to war without attempting a peaceful resolution. Funny that we can talk and talk and talk with North Korea - WHO HAS NUCLEAR WARHEADS - but can only bomb Iraq.

 I'm always bummed when my birthday is over. There's just no way around it. However N did say that I can be a fairy princess on my birthday. Hooray! Too bad I have to wait 364 days to be a princess again. The Hours is STILL not in Rockford. STILL. It looks like I might be driving in to Schaumburg on my day off on Monday to go see it at Woodfield. How ridiculous is that? She's here tonight. I hope it's a wonderful night. I'm going to learn to knit.

 la la la it's my birthday and i'm a super diva and katye told me to jump up and down and get in some trouble so i'm doing so. well, not jumping right now cos i'm typing - but i'm in my circus tent of a desk and am having just a really great day. n says i can't be a fairy princess but i say it's my birthday and i can do anything. hooray for birthdays!

 Thought for the day from The D: "Bad grammar is cool as long as you use it on purpose." Here's an example of why I'll never really get along with my in-laws: N: "If you need ideas for E for her birthday, why don't you get her knitting stuff? " Mother in Law: "She doesn't want to learn how to knit. Knitting is boring. She should learn how to crochet." N: "No, she really wants to learn how to knit. A lot of her friends are knitting, and she thinks it might be fun." Chuck, in the background: "Maybe I should start sleeping with her friends!" N: "What?" Chuck: "Maybe I should start sleeping with her friends cos then she'll sleep with me." MIL: "Well I hope she likes being bored cos she's not going to like knitting. She should learn to crochet. Knitting is boring." N: "Well she wants to learn to knit. And you wanted ideas. So there you go." This is exactly the same conversation we had the last time I wanted to learn to knit. I mentioned it to N, he said I should ask his mom to teach me cos she'd be thrilled - and she told me that I wouldn't like it and that I should crochet instead. She sent me home with a crochet hook and a book about crocheting, which promptly sat on my shelf for a year until I took it back. If she gives me crocheting stuff, I am going to pointedly ask where she got it so I can exchange it for knitting needles and yarn. And then I'm going to knit every gift for her for the next year or more. I'm reading urlLink Circle of Quiet and loving every minute of it. It's so wonderful. I don't know if I like it as much as urlLink Two-Part Invention , but it's quite fabulous. More when I finish it. Tonight I'm making Chicken Piccata from the new Fine Cooking. Last night I made Stir Fried Shrimp with Peanut Noodles, also from the new Fine Cooking. Yum. I would eliminate the spinach, though. It was limp and kind of icky and didn't really add anything to the dish. My birthday in TWO days! I know when you get older that your birthday is less and less of a big deal - but I still love my birthday.

 thoughts for the day from nicole kidman (of all people!): You reach a point, when you've reached a certain age and have a certain amount of life experiences, where you just go, Okay, well, this is the journey. I think there's a beautiful line in The Hours when Meryl Streep's character says: "I thought that was the beginning of happiness, and it wasn't; that was happiness." I think you go, Okay, there's happiness, and there's great sadness. There's a gamut of emotions. If you keep waiting to be happy, that's never going to happen. It's more that it's just life. The wisdom of that comes, unfortunately, as you get older. It just does. You wish you could have it at 14, when your mother tells you about it, but you don't have it, 'cause you haven't lived the life. i really liked that. i like that definition or theory of happiness - that if you wait for it, it's not going to come. you have to accept that what you have is happiness - and if it gets better, it gets better - and if not, that's still happiness. and that is hard to realize and even harder to live - but it's a good thing to believe or at least to think on. i had a nice weekend - n was camping in the northwoods and the bitter cold so i had almost two entire days of peace and quiet and cold in our apartment. i meant to cook and to get the cooking site up and get so much reading done - and instead i did all the dishes, slept some, and spent some time with my parents. i think mom felt sorry for me - she kept calling and inviting me over for dinner or whatever - so finally i gave in and had a nice evening eating dinner and doing puzzles. my parents are v. upset because they have been annexed into the city of rockford - one of the key selling points on their property was that they were zoned county and so were exempt from the ridiculously high rockford taxes. some benefits of being residents of the city of rockford, as presented to them by our esteemed mayor, doug scott: City water - which they don't need cos they have a well City garbage - which is more expensive than the garbage pick up they already pay for City sewers - which they already pay for and use Free library cards - OK, this is a benefit City elections - for someone other than Doug Scott Plowing roads - but they live on a private drive City responders for 911 - this is a benefit as well City parking stickers - ooh hooray, we can spend more money! City taxes - better bend over and get ready.... needless to say we're not v. happy. some of their neighbors are already talking about selling cos they can't afford the restrictively expensive taxes. my dad is concocting a scheme involving donating the house to the church with a provision that they can live there until retirement/death - max tax deduction plus the church wouldn't have to pay property taxes. it's an idea. anyway, it was a nice weekend. yesterday i slept in, then got up and made lou's mushroom soup and a grilled cheese and tomato sandwich and read about two weeks' worth of the news. our illustrious and wise governor decided to commute all the death sentences and essentially (in deed if not in fact) do away with the death penalty - which is a major victory for human rights advocates - but a lot of the people on death row were there for doing really REALLY awful things, so i don't know how i feel about it. n came home around 5, beaten and sore from his adventure. no one froze to death or lost any extremities, thank goodness. i had a funny (well, funny in retrospect) panicked moment sunday morning, though. i was standing at the sink, doing dishes, and suddenly had a wicked chest and stomach cramp - like my entire torso cramped up. my first thought (after OW!) was "oh my god, my husband!" and then i said a small prayer to god that please please please don't let my husband be dead or dying. later in the day, i talked to mom, who mentioned to me that the codeine i'm taking can cause intestinal distress - and i was quite relieved and felt very silly. another v silly moment: i went to the grocery to do my shopping for this week's meals (lots of yummy stuff!) and could NOT find capers anywhere! i looked and looked and looked and then i stopped and thought about my pine nut adventure of 12/14/02. when i couldn't find pine nuts, i stopped and said to myself "god, i can't find pine nuts anywhere!" and then found them the next place i looked. mindful of this, i stopped and said to myself "god, i can't find capers anywhere!" unfortunately, i still had to look for about twenty more minutes. ugh. i love logli cos it has so much fun stuff - but i'm more comfortable at hilander. i finished urlLink two-part invention saturday night - god, was it wonderful. i cried and cried and cried - and really felt enriched by the reading experience. i ordered my copy from urlLink amazon ; - used, of course - and once i receive it, i'm going to reread the book and mark it up with all my comments. madeleine l'engle's writing is familiar and comforting, even in the face of great tragedy and pain. i'm going to start urlLink circle of quiet tonight i think - it's the first in the crosswicks journals series (two-part invention is the fourth). only three days til my birthday!!!! for those of you who still need to do your shopping, my urlLink amazon wish list is full of enticing goodies. :)

 my birthday is next thursday! everyone sing hooray for me! seriously, i'll be 23. how do i feel about that? i don't know. but it's coming and i'm excited. i know as you get older people care less and less about your birthday - fewer people remember - no one makes as big a deal - but i still love my birthday and want it to be a big deal. :) today i'm going to do something a little different. i've read a couple of really good articles/blogs lately that i'd like to quote here, rather than adding my bit of craziness. first, a journal entry from moby on homophobia. i've added it in the urlLink moby section but i'd like to add it here too cos i think it's that important: urlLink 01/05/2003 i'm kind of a simpleton, but could someone please explain homophobia to me? i would never go so far as to say that god condones or condemns homosexuality. i would go so far as to say that christ definitely seems to condemn violence and hate and anger and arrogance and judgementalism. christ encouraged people to love one another. so seeing as christ never mentioned homosexuality in his list of what's evil in the world, and seeing as christ encouraged his followers to practice love and humility and tolerance it does seem a bit odd that people would justify homophobia and violence in the name of christ. why can't we all just agree to let adults enjoy sex and love in whatever consensual way they see fit? and why, i ask again as i've been asking for a few years now, are homophobia and misogyny so much more culturally acceptable than racism and anti-semitism? racism and anti-semitism are horrifying and despicable. homophobia and misogyny are equally horrifying and despicable. but so many people turn a blind or encouraging eye to homophobia and misogyny while decrying the evils of racism and anti-semitism. to hate a black person because of their ethnicity is just as offensive as hating a woman for her gender is just as offensive as hating a gay person for their sexual orientation is just as offensive as hating a jew for their religious and cultural heritage. prejudicial hate and violence are always despicable and offensive, it's as simple as that.-moby that makes sense. it is simple and makes sense. i don't understand homophobia. i understand that people are sometimes uncomfortable with things that are different - and if your whole life you've only been around men who kiss women and women who kiss me, it can be strange to see two women or two men together. that doesn't make it bad or unnatural or freakish or something you should react towards with hatred. my in-laws are extremely homophobic. the things they say make my blood boil - but i don't know how to react without giving the whole game up. i'm not ashamed of who i am or the life i've chosen - but i haven't told them about it because i don't think they'd understand. they would just make life unnecessarily harder for my husband and for me. i hate it when they make off-handed comments about things like that. sure, we call our cat gay - but i really do think he is gay. he's the most effeminate thing i've ever seen - he's just the stereotypical gay man - and he likes lounging around on my lingerie and fluffy scarves and soft skirts more than any het male cat should. but we don't say those things in a hateful or demeaning sort of way. i just don't understand. this article is from urlLink slate . i read it the other day and found it very astute and (i feel) accurate. what do you think? i know some of my friends are hardcore beatles fans - others can't stand them. i'd love to urlLink hear from you. in unrelated news, i still have a cough - now diagnosed as bronchitis. i had a half day at work today so i got some lunch at a moveable feast - their fabbo basil, mozzarella, and tomato sandwich plus ginger sweet potato soup - then stopped at wonderland and the library. i came home to find the porch door open at my apartment - it has been blustery all day so i think it must've blown open - and my apartment freezing cold. i'm about to log off, brew some hot cocoa, and crawl into bed with my new treasures. the book club has chosen urlLink two part invention: the story of a marriage by madeleine l'engle for january, so i should probably get to work. stay warm! love - e

 i don't think adam is getting his sweater back. or alex. or whomever this sweater belongs to. it's mine now. i'm wearing my favorite green dress today - the green dress i wore all weekend and basically all summer. i love this dress. i lived in it literally all summer - i would work, then come home and strip off my nice work clothes and put on the battered and worn out green dress. it feels awesome! i got it when i was 13-14 - a freshman in high school, in need of some springy clothes. it came with a little top to wear under it - it's not really properly decent without the little top, but it feels good so i don't worry about it. it's winter and is really too cold for little summery green dresses - but i don't really care. saturday i wore my little green dress and a white long sleeved top with my scarf and jen's blue jacket sweater and my loafers. i felt like VW. i looked like i was wearing a housecoat and house dress. i didn't care. i love this dress. i made her worry. i made her worry today and for that i feel bad. i don't mean to make her worry - or anyone, for that matter. but we talked via email and are ok. i don't want her to think i'm despondent or codependent or anything like that. i just long for her when she's not around - and right now that's a lot - and it's always the worst right after she leaves - or after i go home - but as time passes it gets better. is this what true love feels like? this ache? i don't feel as awful as i did on sunday. i just feel like there's a hole in me that will remain empty until she returns. i love her. it's ridiculous. i just can't help it. loving her comes like breathing. her love makes me feel so alive.

 Better than yesterday, I promise. Exhausted and sick, but better inside than before. Spent the entire day in anticipation of her arrival at work with my photos, but she didn't come. Disappointed but it was sort of unrealistic anyway. Talked to her and felt better. Sometimes when we talk on the phone I really get the ZING of our connection - and other times she just sounds tired and far away. Tonight she sounded tired and far away. I told Sarah that while my brain deeply believes that E loves me and that everything's going to be fine, my heart is harder to convince. I know she loves me - but my heart is easily confused, hurt, and distracted. My heart just doesn't understand.

 How do I explain loving two people? I don't know. It's hard - it's so hard. I have so much guilt to deal with - guilt at the pain the wedding caused her, guilt because being with her necessitates being away from N, guilt because by following my heart I feel like I only cause more pain. But I love him and I love her and there's nothing I can do to stop loving them or to change the way I feel. Sometimes I feel like my life would be easier if I'd never known that she loved me. But most of the time I'm just so very happy and grateful. I'm so very lucky. As far as sex, it isn't like we're just going out and sleeping with whomever. I've been sleeping with her for three years now. N slept with her once, but in the five years we've been together, she's the first person that he's been with other than me. I slept with Jeff - that was the anomaly - but I wouldn't have done it if she or N said no. I don't think Jeff would've either. So in that way we're different from some of our other friends. Our relationships are based on trust and love and friendship - and the sex thing is just a really great bonus that is also based on trust and love and friendship. I would go on loving her even if I couldn't sleep with her anymore. I think we're extraordinarily lucky, she and I. We have boys that love us no matter what - and that allow us to be ourselves and do the things that make us happy and love each other, despite what other people might say or think. I was crying so hard last night but on my way back to bed I crawled in next to Jeff and kissed him and thanked him for letting me love her - and he kissed me back and promised again that nothing had to change. Nothing has to change. That's better than 'nothing will change.' I think the people that can make the one man one woman thing work are extraordinarily lucky. If you can find one person that fulfills all your needs - wow. I have two. There are needs that I have that N can't meet - and there are things that I need that she can't do. I think we've worked it out pretty good - but I envy couples like Jeff and Kim. I think they've really got it right. She was here yesterday for my early birthday dinner party - we made love several times and went shopping and to lunch and took a nap together and cooked together and got all dressed up and ate wonderful food and got totally bombed with our boys. And then I started crying, uncontrollably, and didn't stop for several hours. And I didn't sleep. And now she's gone and I'm desperate and alone and am trying very hard not to start crying again. It's hard when the two people you love the most are also the two people who bring you the most sorrow. And I feel guilty cos my other friends bear the brunt of my grief cos if I cry to her I assume she feels guilty cos that's how I felt when I was in her place - and if I cry to N he gets frustrated and annoyed. I think I need to go to a doctor or a counsellor or something. Right now I feel like I won't be able to breathe until I know when I can see her again. She will be in town until Monday pm but is doing family stuff with the his family today and has a job interview tomorrow. My dad will see her but I won't. I've spent the last week in a daze of sorts - a combination of grief, loneliness, longing, exhaustion, and just general malaise - and I don't know what to do about it. After what happened in May, N said that if I ever felt that way again, I had to tell him right away and go see a doctor. I don't feel like I'm going to break. I don't feel like this is the end of the world. That was what I felt like then. I felt like I would never be whole again - like I could never feel again. This time I know I'll be OK - but not today or tomorrow or probably until I know I can see her again. When I am used to her absence, her presence just fucks me up. Giving her up is not a choice. Giving N up is not a choice. Losing my mind and wandering around in a daze is not a choice. I'm not suicidal - don't worry about that - I'm just a mess and I want to be whole again.

 i feel like i'm going to lose her. i feel like she must've felt. i feel hollow and dull and lost. i love her. uncontrollably. things i want to do with her: take a strip of pictures in a little photo booth go to a museum in summertime go to the zoo and eat ice cream letterboxing take our babies (when we have them) to the park and watch them run around like crazy while we drink tea and complain about the heat make a picnic lunch and eat it on the beach go on a wonderful vacation filled with tarantulas and good food drink mimosas in bed read with my head in her lap stand next to her at her wedding love her for the rest of my life in other news, our new years party was awesome. awesome. n set his goatee on fire with bottle rockets. we played spin the bottle with lots of drunk friends. ria and steph bought me a hookah. small punk neighbors set the neighbors' trash on fire with a bottle rocket. jeff and kim showed up at nearly midnight with a whole gang of street buddies. krist and pook called from amsterdam. our food was fabulous, and i went to bed exhausted but happy. she's coming tomorrow. i feel like my happiness and sanity hinge on that woman's every step. new year's resolutions: i will not ruin her wedding. i will get the cooking site up. i will make a decision on graduate school. i will finally do something with this site. i will finish at least HALF of my to-read list. i will be more fabulous in 2003 than ever before.

 Sometimes I feel like I'm drowning. Sometimes I feel like she's toying with me. She lets me drop and hang there until I almost can't take it, then she pulls me back in. Like a yoyo. As soon as I get to the point of no more - she comes back or pulls me back in and everything's fine. I can't do this. I can't do everything. I love her too much to give up, but I can't do this all on my own. urlLink The Friday Five: 1. What is your favorite type of literature to read (magazine, newspaper, novels, nonfiction, poetry, etc.)? I really like memoirs and fiction. I also like fiction that borders on non-fiction, if that makes sense. 2. What is your favorite novel? God, I have to choose one? Probably urlLink Microserfs by Douglas Coupland 3. Do you have a favorite poem? (Share it!) urlLink To Anthea, Who May Command Him Anything - by Robert Herrick 4. What is one thing you've always wanted to read, or wish you had more time to read? Always wanted to read? There's a big list. Right now I want to read all the Lord of the Rings books and reread the Narnia Chronicles. :) 5. What are you currently reading? I just finished urlLink The Blind Assassin by Margaret Atwood. Up next? urlLink Possession by AS Byatt and urlLink Orlando by Virginia Woolf

 I had two separate moments this week/weekend where I made myself look stupid through no fault of my own - and they're both related to Led Zeppelin. I got N the Zep box set for Christmas - and the last album is awful. Well, not awful for every day standards, but awful for Zep standards. N told me the album's name is "Cuda." I didn't think anything of it and talked about how awful the album was with Erik on Saturday and then with Jim on Monday when we saw him at Target. "Cuda?" he said. "Do you mean CODA?" Ugh. I felt stupid - but N's defense, he only read the album in the dark - and I didn't read it at all. I was still embarassed. And then today I was stupid and confused at work and gave the transfer tray to the wrong person, who was then confused but started doing transfers anyway, which threw the other transfer-doing people off. Ugh. None of these things are inherently awful - but I was embarassed at work, embarassed in front of my ex-boyfriend (and heaven knows you only want to look hot in front of those), and embarassed in front of a friend on whom I have a wicked crush. Ugh. I've been thinking of Jim since Monday. I was mainly just uncomfortable. Being around Jim reminds me of how close I came to losing N - and while I did love Jim, I'd rather not think about that. On the brighter side, I've gotten shout-outs on three different sites this week - and kind of on one more. From urlLink Hunky Dories : Watch this space regarding a certain someone and her freakin' fabulous super tall platform space boots. All I can say, is that it has made me conscious of the desperate need for taller dance cages in this town! *grin* More about that when I can take a minute to give our amazing doll in the boots a send up worthy of her. My email is featured on urlLink How to Draw a Radish in the "my letter to you section." I'm mentioned on urlLink Another Girl at Play for donating - and in a round about way, I'm mentioned on urlLink Ursula's Not so Secret History cos I sent her a bread recipe and she tried it. :) She was supposed to arrive today. I haven't seen her yet. I'm anxious and nervous about how this will change things. I don't know how I'm feeling.

 Sometimes I wonder if I did the right thing in the long run - sometimes, not often - and then something happens and I know I chose wisely. We bumped into my ex at Target tonight, in the midst of a v. silly evening replete with N making silly noises in begging for an MP3 player and me ecstatic (sp?) at finding a volcano kit for Eric for his seventh birthday. And I didn't know what to say. It was awkward and weird and made me appreciate all the more the husband that can be utterly silly and thoughtful and knows just what I want and need when I don't know it myself. And I felt grateful for him and for the croissants he'd thought to ask for at dinner and for the dinner out he'd suggested because he knew I didn't want to cook. I'm a very lucky girl.

 Well, not technically a long weekend - just full of activities. Girls' night was utterly fabulous - I met Mark for a snack, then met the girls at urlLink Hunky Dories and went to The Office. I haven't been dancing since November and I realllllly miss it. Saturday we got our taxes done - woohoo, refund! - then made the rounds of Mark and Carol's open house and Erik's "surprise" party. Russ came down and learned how to shoot, then joined us for libations. Today I had lunch with the family, then we went to Monroe with N's family. We got home in the late afternoon; I made chicken noodle soup and we watched X-Men on TV. Now we're just getting ready for bed. Exciting times, these. I really think the best Simpsons episodes are those when Homer sings. I think I've finally figured out why I don't want to move into the country - I'm afraid of what would happen to me. I'm not overly social; I'm pretty shy and don't go out my way to make friends. I'm terrified that if we moved somewhere where I would have to completely start over without the help of friends and culture and music and clubs and libraries that I would just shut down. I wouldn't leave the house. And I'm terrified of this.

 It's Friday and I want to go home. We've had unseasonably warm weather this last week - temps in the 50s Fahrenheit - sunny and cool and lovely - with no icky snow or ice or freezing winds. All I want to do is kick my computer, buy a sandwich, and then go for a long walk in my summery dress, enjoying the fresh air. Instead I'm captive in this basement, forced to waste a perfectly lovely day making work. But tonight is girls' night and we're going to urlLink Hunky Dories and out dancing. Hopefully if I shake my ass enough, all the bad karma will go away. Some other thoughts I've been accumulating - this from urlLink Two-Part Invention : "But the wonderful thing, whether we are together or apaprt, is to know that he is in the world, and that we belong together. And what I must learn is to love with all of me, giving all of me, and yet remain whole in myself. Any other kind of love is too demanding of the other; it takes, rather than gives. To love so completely that you lose yourself in another person is not good. You are giving a weight, not the sense of lightness and light that loving someone should give. To love wholly, generously, and yet retain the core that makes you you." And this made me think of her. And and my love for her. And how difficult it is to love and be loved when your love is divided. And how hard I must try to keep from losing myself in this love. And how even when we're apart, it's enough to know that she is there and that she loves me and that we'll be together soon, in whatever way we can. And sometimes it's hard to remember that and hard to remain whole without her - but somehow I get by. The urlLink Friday Five - actually on Friday! 1. What is your most prized material possession? Probably my copy of Midnight Moon. Or my engagement ring. Or my fabulous scarf. I guess those are my top 3. 2. What item, that you currently own, have you had the longest? The jacket I wore to work today was made by my parents in the 70s. Does that count? 3. Are you a packrat? Yeah, but not as bad as N. He doesn't throw ANYTHING away. 4. Do you prefer a spic-and-span clean house? Or is some clutter necessary to avoid the appearance of a museum? I wish my house was spic-n-span clean - but I just can't keep it that way. So I guess somewhere in between. 5. Do the rooms in your house have a theme? Or is it a mixture of knick-knacks here and there? No themes, really - well, I guess the bathroom has a celestial theme. But that extends to the not-bathroom, and the dominant theme there is "clutter." So no. Or yes. I don't know.

 Does it make me unpatriotic if I question the decisions of an administration that I don't agree with? Does it make me unpatriotic if I vote against candidates who don't stand for the things I believe in, even if that candidate is the majority leader? Does it make me unpatriotic because, if civil rights were eliminated, I would leave the country rather than running away into the woods? Does it make me unpatriotic because I would rather leave than die, starving in the woods, (allegedly) fighting the very government I am supposed to be supporting? I don't think so. I think patriotism is loving your country, but being willing to express your opinions and feelings, even when they are in opposition with the majority, I think being part of a democracy means expressing your opinions by voting - and using your vote to shape the destiny of your nation. I think that as a citizen in a democracy, it is your DUTY to vote, to cast your vote for the candidate you support or for the legislation you believe in. I think that if you don't cast your vote, you surrender any right to criticize the government or administration, no matter how much you disagree. And I think it is cowardice to express your views loudly in your home - and then hide them by NOT voting. By that reasoning, I know I shouldn't be questioning the Bush administration's decisions because I didn't vote in the 2000 election - but when it comes to war, something will affect us all, American or not, I think I can comment. I heard the British ambassador on NPR the other day and I think he expressed what I'm feeling the best - that no one disagrees that Saddam Hussein is a bad man. No one disagrees that a regime change would be a good thing. No one disagrees that he could be a threat. But no one has demonstrated the immediacy - the presence - of that threat. Until that is done, I can't support a war against Iraq. And if that makes me unpatriotic, well, then I don't think you have a good understanding of what patriotism is.

 Last night I made cinnamon rolls. They were v. time consuming but v. worth it. I baked them last night and the house still smells remarkable. Who knew there were potatoes in them? Making an intensive effort to go over my credit report with a fine-toothed comb. Found two accounts that are paid that are still listed in collections - one account that doesn't exist anymore, etc. I'm going to start an investigation on these items and hopefully get it cleaned up. I hate having shitty credit. On a related note, we might finally have gotten a car loan! Most people would be more excited about the car than the loan - but we've been trying for more than a year now - and just getting financing is a huge step. The dealer said "Your wife works for AMCORE." N: "Yeah?" Dealer: "We do a whole lot of business with AMCORE." N: "Yeah?" (liking the sound of this) Dealer: "We're going to call in a few favors from AMCORE for you." N: "AAAAaaaaaaaahhhhh!" (or something along those lines) So the dealership is supposed to call us back tomorrow and let us know. Fingers crossed. I can't wait for springtime. It has been so sunny and lovely out - even a little bit warm - that I'm starting to think of May and sleeping with the windows open and going on walks before work. I haven't been on a real walk in months - my walking partner moved to Texas, and sometimes (OK, often) it's hard to get inspired to spend an hour walking by yourself. I signed up for this Healthy Community Challenge through work - I committed to 30 hours of exercise in the next three months, along with participating in one charity function (prob. the breast cancer walk in June) in the next year - and in exchange you get coupons and a tshirt and all kinds of goodies. I'm hoping that'll keep me inspired. The urlLink Friday Five 1. Explain why you started to journal/blog. I started blogging cos I was writing all these intensely personal emails and saying all the things I would say in a journal - and couldn't bring myself to copy verbatim from email to a journal. 2. Do people you interact with day to day or family members know about your journal/blog? Why or why not? A few. And because of that I'm a little more careful not to name names or go into loads of details in situations that could be sensitive. 3. Do you have a theme for your journal/blog? Not really. 4. What direction would you like to have your journal/blog go in over the next year? To the Bloggies! Seriously, I would mainly like my hits to improve. 5. Pimp five of your favorite journals/blogs. urlLink loobylu , urlLink cait , urlLink more than donuts , urlLink momo freaks out , urlLink pixiechick

 Today is my friend Dan's birthday. Happy birthday Dan! Sorry I didn't get the mobile fixed. :( So Joe Millionaire picked Zora. Good for him. Sarah was hot but materialistic and trashy - Zora's more his type: ordinary. After watching "The Ladies of Joe Millionaire" or whatever that first hour was called, I'm really said I missed the first episodes. I didn't get to see super bitch Heidi! Today I had the hottest shower I've had since we moved in. For those of you keeping track (which I'm sure is none of you), that's the first hot shower at home in 6 months. After monkeying with the water heater and getting no results, Mark changed the Moen filter cartridge thingy and VOILA! Hot water! It was wonderful.

 Last night we had game night. I made Highland Fondue and drank a bunch of red wine and was v. silly and v. drunk. I know I'm allergic to sulfas - but am I allergic to sulfites? Am worrying that my red wine consumption is affecting the healing time on my reaction. Ugh. Got a wonderful letter yesterday from my oldest friend urlLink Amanda . She sent me the link to her new site, so I after great deliberation sent her the link to this site. I am always v. cautious before sending anyone thisaway because there are things on this site that I don't necessarily want getting back to my parents. In this case, I know Amanda because our parents have been friends for many many years, since before both of us were born. I was worried - but in the end I said fuck it and sent it to her anyway. SO, back to the letter: "I have known you for years...but I haven't truly known you for many years and it makes me a bit, well, a lot sad...and I really want to change that." And she's right and though we've known each other our entire lives, we've never fostered the sort of intimacy you normally see in whole-lifetime friendships. Our moms have that sort of lifetime friendship - and so shall we. On a lighter note, I just made coffee with the Tim Hortons coffee Sarah gave me for my birthday and it's marv. N should be up in a few minutes, then we're going to get breakfast and do to laundry. Exciting times at the House of Winds.

 aphrodisiac dinner 14 february 2003 seduction appetizer prince edward island raspberry point oysters passion salad bouquet of baby greens in a european cucumber timbale with red raspberry vinaigrette, pear tomatoes and vegetable confetti lust soup tomato-basil bisque with creme fraiche and toasted pine nuts foreplay intermezzo passion fruit sorbet climax entrees honey glazed norwegian salmon au poivre accompanied by fines herbes israeli cous cous, hickory grilled asparagus and beurre rouge OR sauteed veal medallions accompnied by black truffle-parmigiano reggiano risotto, sunburst patty pan squash, haricots vert and a merlot-veal demi glace rendezvous dessert fresh organic strawberries with godiva chocolate fondue and edible purple orchids accompanied by a glass of banfi rose regale brachetto d'aqui Wow. This makes up for no flowers.

 Can someone explain to me why it is that sometimes a Diet Pepsi tastes like Heaven? I've been trying to eliminate soda from my diet - not so much empty calories (I mainly drink diet) but empty everything. Today I broke down cos I was thirsty and had a headache and just needed something to drink. And oh, it's wonderful. Apparently the @forumz domain is down - so if you're looking for the site, you're to use their IP address: urlLink http://209.123.85.43 . The "Hell Day" ode from urlLink Miss Kate : I didn't buy you a valentine this year Because I don't love you, Though once in a while you adore me. Or claim to. But words are cheap And lies are easy... Lifted from a Hallmark card. Do all I love you's sound as hollow as yours? Cynically I will reply "Just kiss me" instead. Why can't I just be mine? These pieces of me are spread too far And I'm breaking apart. I didn't buy you a valentine Because I refuse to sell my soul For a piece of holiday bliss. I will never be your pink and red perfection, For even if I trip over my own heart I can't fall in love... I can't even fall down And for this you will call me cruel. I didn't buy you a valentine Because all I have to offer Is a wilted flower stolen from passion's grave. Besides, Commercialism always wins Over love anyway. It's just that this year I couldn't afford to buy in.

 Erma Bombeck once said: "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, "Yes, I've got dreams, of course, I've got dreams." Then they put the box away and bring it out once in a while to look in it, and yep, they're still there. These are great dreams, but they never even get out of the box. It takes an uncommon amount of guts to put your dreams on the line, to hold them up, and say, "How good or how bad am I?" That's where courage comes in."

 I said urlLink Yes ; to Alex today. The idea behind this site is really cool - and I really liked her urlLink Another Girl at Play . So I filled out my postcard and sent it off. Hopefully it'll show up. I said yes to things like fresh bread and jumping up and down.

 After a year of knowing and kisses and frantic love letters and tears, in December we finally clicked and it was like we were together . I felt like her girlfriend. We had three delicious weeks - and then Jeff proposed. Since then it seems like she doesn't have time to love me. I feel wicked bad even complaining about this - which is why I haven't said anything to her - because I know she's busy and she's training at work and she's getting ready to move and she hasn't felt good - but in truth, I guess I feel a bit neglected. Since Jeff proposed, I haven't had a single letter from her. Whenever I call, she seems to be too busy to talk to me. I don't even get emails anymore - well, not like before. Before it was a steady stream all throughout the day. Now, due in the most part (I hope) to her training, I get one or two. Maybe. And I know as soon as I go into work I'll have a whole flood of messages from her. That's how it works. I start feeling bad and feeling lonely, and then things are wonderful again and I feel shitty for even thinking it. It's just - frustrating because I really try.

 Three years ago I was in Amsterdam. Three years ago I was at Bourbon Street with Jeff and Heidi and Trevor. The time has passed too quickly. Jeff, wherever you are, I miss you. I had a lovely weekend. Friday night N, Joe, and I went to see The Two Towers - it was amazing. It was so much more than I expected. Saturday I went to a Stampin Up party - then N and I went to a game night at Tim & Rachel's. Sunday Mom and Jen and I went to urlLink Color Me Mine . I painted a rice bowl for Nate, Mom painted this little bean/soup pot, and Jen painted this little blue box. It was a lot of fun. We made a side trip to Dunkin Donuts in Woodstock for 5 dozen Munchkins = hooray! urlLink The Friday Five: 1. What did you have for breakfast this morning? If you didn't have breakfast, why not? An "everything bagel" and plain cream cheese from Big Apple Bagel. I treated the office to bagels as thank you for doing so well in our referral contest. 2. What's your favorite cereal? Special K with red berries if I'm feeling healthy - and Golden Grahams the rest of the time. 3. How often do you eat out? Do you want that to change? A couple of times a week. I wish we ate at home more. 4. What do you plan on having for dinner tonight? Got a recipe for that? I think we're going to go out cos it's payday and we're going to a movie later. The next recipe I KNOW I'm making is Eva's fabulous spinach dip, which I'm going to make for game night at Tim and Rachel's tomorrow night. 5. What's your favorite restaurant? Why? Bacchus. Coolest bathroom in the Tri-State area. :)

 HAPPY WAITANGI DAY! What is Waitangi Day? It celebrates(?) the signing of the Treaty of Maori, which basically fucked the Maori Indians, as I understand it. She started celebrating it with her old roommate just cos it was on the calendar - and that was 6-7 years ago. At the Waitangi Day party in 1999, we all agreed to go to New Zealand for the 10th annual Waitangi Day party. We have three years to go! In keeping with the Waitangi Day celebration - or rather mainly because we were just hungry and craving Japanese - we went to Nippon with Joe last night. I was happily sipping away on my MaiTai when N turned around and said "Why don't you go ask Nicki and Cory if they want to join us?". Sure enough, Nicki and Cory were sitting about three tables back, all alone. The tables at Nippon seat 10 and they generally group miscellaneous people to fill as many seats as possible - but instead we were a table of three and Nicki and Cory were a table of two. So they joined us and we celebrated Waitangi Day in great style. Nicki and Cory actually started dating shortly after the aforementioned Waitangi Day 99 party - so I hope we weren't butting in on their anniversary dinner. If so, I'm sorry!. They are conducting an experiment to duplicate the ginger soy sauce that Nippon serves as their "yummy yummy sauce" - we all put our palates to the test to try to identify the ingredients but were unsuccessful. If you know what's in the sauce, please urlLink let me know ! Attempt number two at baking bread turned out FABULOUSLY. My bread was light and fluffy and tasted amazing. The first attempt was good - but the loaves were much smaller. I wonder what the trick is? I added almost a cup more water than last time cos the dough wasn't doing anything - maybe that was it? I am one step closer to self-sufficiency! I feel slightly better about my place in life today. I talked to Mom tonight - she was on her way home from taking Coo to a kids' wrestling program and just HAD to tell me who she saw there: one of my high school classmates. This guy was third in our class (or possibly fourth or fifth - there were three of us that were always switching between those spots), played football and wrestling, did the musicals and plays, had an amazing singing voice, and went to PRINCETON - and now is back in Rockford and is working at the urlLink Rockford Register Star . I suppose if he did journalism then it might make sense - and his family is here - but I guess if I'd gone to Princeton, I would've hoped to do a little better than that. I went to a liberal arts college in my hometown, so no one blames me for still being here. It's just nice to hear these things cos they make my station a little easier to accept. Heard a rumor that urlLink VAST has new music coming out soon and that they'll be on tour soon as well - *squeals*. Also urlLink Pigface is going to be at urlLink The Rave March 13!!! What a great music month.

 So the cooking site is finally up! I worked all last night on it - and finally it's up! At some point I do intend to duplicate the cooking part elsewhere, probably on the yet-to-be developed site I'm building for my family, but for now, it's urlLink here and it's fab. Please let me know what you think - and if you have any recipes you'd like to share, they're deffo welcome! I'm going to urlLink Color Me Mine on Sunday. My aunt and uncle gave everyone bowls from a similar place for Christmas two years ago - and this weekend, by some terrible tragedy resulting from wet hands, I broke Nate's. :( I decided I'm going to make him a new one for Valentine's Day. Anyone who knows me knows I am NOT IN THE LEAST artistic (hence the bland layout here!) - but I think I can manage this. I'm thinking about painting fish on the inside and maybe fishermen on the outside. No one says I can't use stick figures. I came across urlLink this article in regards to the Columbia tragedy. urlLink Moby said similar things. The sympathy seems to be the same everywhere. Everyone loves the idea of space. Everyone is grieving. In the light of all this sadness - urlLink iswonderful.net . This site made me smile so much that I sent it to the entire department.

 Computers were down all day. On and off. All freaking day. I got paid to knit, basically.

 I'm still stunned by the Columbia tragedy. I was checking my email Saturday morning and clicked over to Yahoo for a minute - and they had just announced it. I immediately turned the TV on and watched the news coverage for about three hours straight, crying for the death of astronauts that I didn't know. What a loss for the country - and for Israel, who lost one of her greatest pilots and heroes. I can't even imagine it - the pride they must have felt at such a hero being their first astronaut - only to have him die a horrible and unforseen death. My friend Kate lives near Nacogdoches and heard the boom, but didn't know what was going on until I called her - and then she spent Saturday helping wherever she could. She and Jeff moved in yesterday - well, started moving in. They filled their cars and drove down - and we had all the boxes unpacked within 20 minutes. Not quite worth the 3 1/2 hour drive. We sat on the floor and knit and talked for hours. We met Canuck for dinner at Bacchus - we drank a 2000 Ravenswood Zinfandel and ate exquisite food. She snuck over this morning and we laid in bed for a couple of hours, laughing and talking and holding each other. She went to church with Jeff, then the two of them came back over for lunch. I made tomato bisque and Jeff made his famous grilled cheese sandwiches (which stand on end) and we watched LOTR. I'm afraid I quite nagged everyone. "Who is that?" "Why isn't he wearing shoes?" Etc. I can't wait to see The Two Towers - N and I are hoping to go this weekend. I finally saw "The Hours" Friday night. It was both better and worse than I expected. When I finished the book, I felt alive - as if all the death and perceived death in the novel reaffirmed life, as Richard and Virginia said it does. When I left the movie, I felt more depressed - like all that was good in me was hollow. Julianne Moore and Nicole Kidman were brilliant - I think it was just Meryl Streep that spoiled it for me. urlLink The Friday Five: 1. As a child, who was your favorite superhero/heroine? Why? Honestly? I didn't watch cartoons or see many movies, so I can honestly say I didn't have one. 2. What was one thing you always wanted as a child but never got? An American Girl doll. I thought they were too expensive so I never asked. Jen asked and got three. 3. What's the furthest from home you've been? Spain, probably, or the south of France. It's incredibly liberating - and strange. 4. What's one thing you've always wanted to learn but haven't yet? Loads of things. Latin. German. Spanish. Ballroom dancing. 5. What are your plans for the weekend? Last night I went to see The Hours by myself - it was nice. Nate and I went to Old Chicago late - I finished my 70th beer and got a stein! Tonight Sarah and Eva and I went to Bacchus - yum! Tomorrow I'm going to make and freeze soup - and sit around and prob work on my knitting.

 She's getting married in May. Eva's getting married in May. There. I've said it. Her name. Eva. Like there was any doubt. Like SHE could have been anyone else. I've kept her name for so long out of fear, not fear of you, fear of those from her past. But our names are different and we are in different places. And I can't keep it any longer. Anyway, she is getting married in May. They decided that they'd rather use the money towards a house than towards a party. I don't blame them - but it is so sudden, so shocking. And I'm not ready for it - but it isn't my life and I can't change it. When she told me, I'm afraid I reacted badly. I'm afraid I thought only of me - only of the inconvenience of getting a day off work. I thought I would have more time - I thought I would have six more months to get ready for it. But I don't. And that's what I'm going to have to live with.

 Had a lovely time in the city. N and I stayed at the Omni on Michigan Avenue and went to dinner at urlLink Hugo's Frog Bar , where we went on our honeymoon. urlLink Amanda met us there and took us out to some bars at Rush & Divison - Bootleggers, Shenaningans, The Original Mothers, and Bar Chicago. Good times. Instead of going to the class in the morning, we relaxed at the hotel - I took a bath and Nate slept. We went to urlLink IKEA on the way home - got fun things like a tart pan and tea lights and a beach sheet that I'm going to make into curtains. We stopped at World Market in town - it's not the mecca of groceries, as she described it, but it is pretty damned cool. N's parents had an open house to celebrate their renovations - the house looks really nice. I felt kind of stupid because I didn't know A LOT of the people there, so it was nice to have urlLink Sarah and Joe with us. Joe and urlLink Sarah came over later - N shaved Joe's head - and Steph joined us for movies and pizza. It was so good to see her.

 So we're not going to NoMI. It was going to be $120 for the two of us to go to a demonstration . No lunch, no actual hands-on cooking. Just a demo. That's waay too much money. So instead we're going to go to dinner, crash at the hotel, relax a bunch, then go to urlLink IKEA on the way home. I'm bummed about the cooking class cos I was really looking forward to it - but it just isn't worth the money. In a totally unrelated note, the guy who flamed me has apologized and put a v. nice disclaimer on urlLink his site . Also, the two glorious weeks of no work and being in training have been cancelled. Instead I will work all next week, then be in training a day, work a week, then be in training a week. What a freaking mess! OK. Two more hours of work, then WEEKEND.

 So I'm getting flamed for suggesting questions for urlLink the friday five . What's up with that? What really irritates me is that I suggested questions which I felt were at least somewhat thoughtful - and then whoever posts them on the site changed them. So yes, some of them are lame. But those aren't the ones I suggested. The questions as I posted them are: 1. What was the most memorable moment from the last week? 2. Name someone who has changed your life. 3. Describe a time you helped someone else without profiting from it. 4. Name a special teacher who inspired you as a child or adolescent. 5. Describe a memorable birthday. However, they were posted as: 1. What was your most memorable moment from the last week? *2. What one person touched your life this week? *3. How have you helped someone this week? *4. What one thing do you need to get done by this time next week? *5. What one thing will you do over the next seven days to make your world a better place? Those with an asterisk are slightly if not COMPLETELY different. It just frustrates me. I'm thrilled that they used my ideas - but not thrilled that they changed them almost completely and still put my url up. Oh well. I guess I'll just say thanks for the hits and stop my whingeing. On a bright note, N and I are going into the city tonight - we're staying at the super posh (or so it seems) Omni Hotel, then going to a cooking class at urlLink NoMI Saturday morning, then coming home. It should be a nice night! We went to NoMI on our honeymoon - it was absolutely amazing. Quite possibly the best lunch ever. So I'm really looking forward to it. I'll give you a complete update tomorrow.

 OK, I'm breaking down. I'm begging. I desperately want to use urlLink Swappingtons but no one will trade with me! I have 0 points. Ugh. Please go & sign up & use me, brixton, as a reference. Once you list an item, I will get 4 points. Then maybe I can get some fabbo postcards or something. Tell you what - you sign up, use me as a reference, and list something - and I will send you a fabulous handmade card for your personal enjoyment. Sound like a good deal? Someone linked to me with the search "Adrian + Brody + girlfriend." Sorry folks, I'm not his girlfriend. I also can't give you any info on his rumoured girlfriend. I just think he's beautiful and well-deserving of both the Oscar and the resulting publicity. Oooh I love blogging at work. Hope you're having a brilliant day.

 Why I'm glad the Oscars went on as planned: because, like Nicole Kidman said, art is important. In light of the 24 hour, all war all the time coverage, it's important to celebrate beauty. It's important to celebrate and recognize those who have inspired us. The $30,000 (rumored) gift baskets are a bit much - but I don't resent the people behind the Oscars for distracting me for a couple of hours, for giving me something fun to think about. Oh, and Adrien Brody.

 Tonight she & Catherine joined us for dinner, along with Dan & Jen. We had urlLink Shrimp in Coconut Sauce , a salad, and her raspberry bars. It was lovely - and I liked having people to dinner. Everyone left around 9, and I took a long bath.

 Would it be terrible of me to create an award to give to Adrian Brody so he will kiss me? Umm, yeah, I think so. Oh well. It was an idea....

 So here I am at the house of winds. I decided awhile ago that when my site started getting in the excess of 200 hits per week, I would buy my own domain. So I did. Welcome to the House of Winds. For those of you who have this site bookmarked or linked, please update your links to urlLink http://www.houseofwinds.com . Thank you. Watched the Oscars last night while reading the paper and making cards. SO happy about Nicole Kidman's win, though I think she was almost more deserving last year. She was - luminous - as Virginia Woolf. I was so anxious about her playing my beloved Virginia - but when I saw her I just gasped. She was her - and wasn't. And the scene in the train station was exactly what I imagined. At the same time, I'm glad The Hours didn't win for best picture - it was remarkable - but not entirely what (I believe) Michael Cunningham intended. Catherine Zeta-Jones was absolutely radiant - let's hope she doesn't name this one Oscar. :) Adrian Brody nearly made me cry. I was so happy for him. And Eminem and Roman Polanski - WOW!!!! Who saw those coming? Lovely weekend. Friday night we grilled out at Chuck & Michelle's - Saturday I cleaned and had a fabbo Stampin Up party. Spent too much money on stamps and other goodies, but got 3 sets free and $45 in free stuff, so that's not too bad. Yes, I'm avoiding the war. I'm actually avoiding all coverage that I can. I watched some of the "Shock and Awe" show Friday night - and it was all I could do to keep from crying. urlLink Cait had some really sage and intelligent things to say about it the other day - please go urlLink check it out . And pray for peace - peace and a swift return of those who love us and whom we love - of those fighting for freedom, for the country we love. Whatever your feelings about the war - you can still pray for peace.

 New domains have been registered. Nate has urlLink CHEAT-DEATH.ORG . I have urlLink HOUSEOFWINDS.COM , which will be this site's new home in a week or so. Also urlLink VINNYTHEFISH.COM , which will have my recipes, as well as all manner of fun things yet to be determined. I'm also building urlLink FESENMEYER.COM for my family. Lots of work. Lots of changes.

 I feel kind of weird blogging in the morning. Thought for the day: veggie sausage is best when consumed within the month when it was purchased. I pulled the last two links out of the freezer for breakfast and they're like eating small sticks. Yuck. Are compassion and sympathy values our society no longer, well, values? I know the answer is no - I have had too many emails and comments since Carol's death for me to believe otherwise. Sarah, Dan, Heidi, Ursula, Amanda, Eva, Ada, Krist & Erika, Jen and more have emailed me or left comments that give me hope. It's just so frustrating to deal with inconsideracy and lack of compassion. I'm not asking you to change the world, to bring back Carol, to fix my friends' lives when they have problems - all I want is "I'm sorry" or "that sucks" or "Ouch." I don't think that's too much to ask. Carol's funeral was hard. Hard. I haven't been to a funeral in years - and then it wasn't someone as dear to me as she was. Her best friend from grade school talked about what a gift she was to all of us - how every good thing is a gift from God and that Carol was really a treasure. She talked about how Carol's faith permeated every aspect of her life - how she just radiated the love of Christ. It's so true. Carol was the best witness I've ever seen. But I think the hardest part of the funeral was seeing Roger. He's in his 70s now and has ALWAYS been just filled with life and enthusiasm and cheer. Yesterday he looked broken. And that, more than anything, made me weep.

 So it is war then.

 It is cool and crisp outside - and delicious as we have all the windows open. That's the funny thing about early spring - no matter how cool it is, it's warmer than snow so everyone has the windows open. Yesterday I made a sandwich and sat out on the porch so I could absorb the sun and warm. Carol's funeral is today. I'm going in to work early - in about 10 minutes - then leaving at 10:40 to go to the church. Jen is coming with me, which will be nice. It's good when you don't have to be brave by yourself. And thank you, all, for your tremendous compassion and thoughtfulness at this difficult time. Your emails really do mean the world to me.

 Spent yesterday in Lake Geneva with her - wonderful! We walked and walked and window shopped and talked about everything under the sun. The first place we stopped had a wine tasting - so we had all kinds of gourmet things. She found a cookbook she's been looking for - and I spent my money at Hallmark (typical). We kissed on the street and held hands in the restaurant. We got home in the late afternoon, I went to dinner with N, Joe, and Sarah, then came back over to tuck her in. I miss being in her arms, her bed. But this morning was filled with death - Jeff's grandfather died unexpectedly in the night, so she called me at 7:30 because she had no car and needed to go pick up the baby. I sat with her until her sister came. What a loss - that family is so close. I don't know his grandfather, but I envy the way his family is there for everything. N and I went to Madison to a "Canoeopia," then came home, cleaned the porch, and grilled out. Jen & Joe came to eat - she, Jeff, and the baby came a little later. I love having people in my house. OH and N got his sword from Krist-and-Erika-across-the-seas. It is quite amazing and he's taken to poking everything with it. N's domain has also been launched. I'm not sure if it's available online yet, but check it out: urlLink CHEAT-DEATH.ORG

 urlLink The Friday Five : 1. Do you like talking on the phone? Why or why not? I can take it or leave it. I spent so much time on/near the phone at work that I don't really want to talk much once I get home. 2. Who is the last person you talked to on the phone? Clint 3. About how many telephones do you have at home? 3 - home, my mobile, and Nate's work mobile 4. Have you encountered anyone who has really bad phone manners? What happened? Loads of people. I work in customer service, after all. My favorite? "AMCORE Bank, this is Elizabeth." "This is 123456789. What's my balance?" OR, left in voice mail: "You have reached the Online Support department at AMCORE Bank. Our normal working hours are 8:30-6. Please leave your name, number, email address, and a description of your problem..." "It's 2:30. It is not 6:00. Forget it." And then they wonder why we don't call them back. 5. Would you rather pick up the phone and call someone or write them an e-mail or a letter? Why or why not? Depends on the situation. If I need an immediate answer, I call. If I need to hear pretty soon - or if it's just something quick - I'll email. I heart email. If I just want to write, I'll write a letter. Pigface fucking kicked ass. The crush of people. The feel of vinyl against my skin. Curse screaming. Seibold in the suit. Suck at full volume with the floor shaking from the screaming and pounding and jumping up and down. Awesome. We're going to try to catch them in Chicago on 20 April - I can't fucking wait.

 Carol passed away tonight. It was an easy passing - apparently. She didn't suffer much in the end. It's hard to be really sad right now cos she was in so much pain for so long.

 My godmother will die today. Rather, the woman who would have been my godmother will die today. Not being Catholic, she's the closest thing I have to a godparent. Carol Johnson. We became friends in 1985 when she became a patient of my father's. Somehow or other we connected - she had only one child, a daughter already grown, and longed for grandchildren she didn't have. My grandparents were far away. We went out for ice cream at The Last Straw. Thus began a long and lasting friendship. And today she is in the hospital, battling what will most likely be her last cancer - I don't know the entire roll call, but it has included both breast and brain cancer in the 18 years I've known her. By her side is Roger, her husband of 55 years - we share the same wedding day - and her daughter, recently returned. Roger and Carol's marriage has been such an inspiration to me - they've travelled the world together, had all sorts of interesting adventures, and when her health failed, he was there. When she had to learn to walk again, he danced with her in the kitchen. I've been reading John Bayley's Iris and her Friends and Roger and Carol have been on my mind. And now she's passing. And I don't know if I can go. I can go - I have time - but I don't know if I can . And in light of all this, it seems very selfish to still be excited about seeing Pigface tonight.

 Sometimes my in-laws do things that are totally incomprehensible to me. Two things happened tonight that - while I can see the reason behind them - still just blow my mind. The first is something they do all the time: whenever they go anywhere for dinner, for the afternoon, etc, they bring their own soda. Now, I understand the reasoning behind this: my mother-in-law's family is not well off and can't afford to buy a whole lot of soda for the VERY large family, so everyone brings what they want. But to a dinner party? We had them over for New Year's Eve - New Year's Eve when we provided wine and champagne and soda and mixed drinks and pretty much anything your heart desired - and yet they brought a case of soda. I know they're trying to be polite - but it seems like if you've been invited to dinner or to a party, you should be polite enough to drink and eat what is provided - or share what you've brought with others. I guess it's a double standard - and it's one thing to bring soda to a kegger when you don't drink - and an entirely different thing to bring soda to a dinner party or a party where you know that things you like will be provided. We try to go out of our way to accomodate guests who don't drink, who are on restricted diets, etc - so that's kind of a slap in the face. But not as much as this was! We invited N's parents and his grandmother to tonight's dinner - invited them over the weekend - and Monday night we prepped all the food and set the table and cleaned so that when I got home from work, I could just toss everything up. They were to come over at 6:30, I get off work at 6, so it was going to be close anyway. At 5:55, N's grandma called to say she's bringing her boyfriend as well. That's right, 35 minutes before we were supposed to eat, they called to say they're bringing someone else. Fortunately N talked to them, not me, but I'm afraid I reacted badly when he called me at work to let me know. I was just infuriated! If I hadn't done everything in advance, I don't think it would've been a big deal - so I snapped at N and said that since they didn't have the courtesy to let us know in advance that they were bringing an extra person, I didn't feel like I needed to go out of my way to accomodate them. Fortunately, the food I had prepared was just enough for everyone - but what were they thinking? I know, Grandma is old and doesn't hear well and is easily confused - but that is still rude. I don't know. Does anyone else have problems with their in-laws like this? I'm sure they do, and worse. My mother-in-law means well, but she's hypercritical, which makes it hard for me. I wish her opinion didn't matter as much - or bother me as much as it does. And I'm sure I blow the things she says and does out of proportion because I'm so sensitive to them. Oh, on a totally unrelated note, I must apologize to Heidi and to her roommates in Newcastle. While I was cleaning up from dinner, I got a phone call that I SWORE was her - crackly international connection and all - and we got cut off - so I immediately tried to call her back on her mobile - no answer. So I called her parents in Australia, got her home number, and tried that. I realized it was quite late - but I was trying to return her call! I was most apologetic to her poor sleeping roommates - and then of course it turned out that it wasn't her, that someone else had called. So mate, I'm dreadfully sorry. Please apologize profusely to your roommates for me.

 Woohoo, I sent a bunch of drunken emails last night. And the odd thing is that more than half of them are en francais. I missed London last night. From my drunken email: 1 1/2 bottles red wine making me miss london achingly - i miss the busy streets. the blue placards displaying history at ever turn - i walked past the house where darwin lived - and i miss that, as one woud miss a lover. london, my heart's home. i wrote it in my novel - but not since. i need it, need it as i need oxygen. life, london, this moment in june. i am not virginia, but i love it as she did. it is greater than us, and better. and i'm sure tomorrow at work i will be hung over and sheepish - but in this moment, this moment that i cannot deny, this moment belongs to her, to london, to my heart of hearts. And today I felt confused and smaller yet, after crying for things I cannot identify. And I worried. And I didn't think I could make it through the day without crying, so I came home early. Mental health day. Tomorrow N's parents come to dinner. I've prepped everything - I've even set the table. Lord let this go well.

 On the recommendation of Daniel, I'm blogging under the influence. And under the influence I am missing London achingly.

 On the recommendation of the wise reviewer, I have added a tool that allows readers to comment without having to sign the guestbook. Now, I'm loathe to direct anyone AWAY from the guestbook, but it is a v. good idea. Readers, please comment and make this updating worth my while!!! It's snowing again - or at least blowing. Ick. I'm so ready for summer to come. I have the digital camera for just a few more days - I need to make it worth my while. I decided I was going to keep it til the batteries I put in it die. Which should be soon. So expect some photos of Sunday's dinner party. :) I really do want to get my photos back up - but I'm not sure how to go about doing it. I don't want to flood my lovely hostess's space with all my photos - but I don't want to have to link across to Geocities or something. Any ideas? I have all these hilarious and wonderful photos from my bachelorette party that I really want to put up - as well as just a slew of other things. Adrienne leaves for her cross country trek in a few days. I wish her the best of luck and may the goddess of Bad Girls guide her way. :) I've been thinking about perhaps writing about our book club books for the Hunky Dories site. I don't know. Now that they want me to do something, I'm devoid of ideas! Boo. Anyway, I'm more than halfway through urlLink Possession and am loving every minute of it. I seriously need to get my arse in gear and start writing about the things I'm reading again - I have these long and drawn out things hidden away in my email here and there - but nothing posted. Must get to that. But right now I'm waiting for my sushi to arrive and then I'm going to sink into the tub and wallow in the warmth and quiet for a while.

 urlLink The Friday Five: 1. What was the last song you heard? I don't know but I have a song stuck in my head - don't know the name of it but the line is "If this ain't love why does it feel so good?" 2. What were the last two movies you saw? In the theatre? Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers and The Hours At home? The Count of Monte Cristo and Sorority Boys 3. What were the last three things you purchased? A silky green shirt with some embroidery on the button placket, a silky long blue shirt with crazy ivory-ish buttons and biig pockets, and a fabbo birthday present for a certain Texas diva (yes, I know it's months away) 4. What four things do you need to do this weekend? Do the dishes, clean the kitchen, vaccuum, and rock. Definitely rock. Rocking is on the program. 5. Who are the last five people you talked to? Nate, Kris, the two waitresses at Sal's (Jen + ?), and Jen Today has been a nice day, thus far. I worked until 1, then got cash and went to lunch at Sal's Diner. Sal's is this little hole in the wall diner down by the river, in the same block as urlLink Hunky Dories . I had a cup of coffee, a bowl of cream of potato soup, and a chicken salad sandwich. It was wonderful! I've been meaning to go there for years but every time I've stopped they've been closed. Anyway, I loved it - and if I'm ever that way before 2, I'm going to go again. For $6.60, I had a pleasantly filling meal - I paid with a $10 and left all my change for the waitress, who was so nice. After lunch I went to urlLink Hunky Dories and chatted with Kris - they're definitely interested in me writing something for their website - and they're going to pay me!!! I was totally willing to write just to be included - but I will definitely take money or clothes for my pains. I want to be part of something - a creative entity - doing something that others see and take note of. This is unprecedented! They went to my site, they read my stuff, and now they're interested in paying me for my writing! Aaaahhh! In all fairness, I did volunteer - but still! And I just talked to Sarah for almost an hour and a half about everything - politics, war, literature, teaching, the nature of democracy, etc. It was so good. Now I'm just waiting for N to get home - we're going to his parents' for a little while, then to this little pizza joint in Beloit - Tilly's - for amazing thin crust pizza. Later.... I've been urlLink reviewed on urlLink The Weblog Review. I really agree with everything the reviewer said. They were v. fair. Thank you urlLink Weblog Review !!

 I love her. I just can't help it.

 It is bitterly cold here. For the third day in a row, our heat is out. I suppose that's a bit misleading. The heater died on Sunday and was out all of Monday. Our landlord got it fixed - kind of - Monday night late so we were warm on Tuesday - then he went to replace the busted part last night and now it's broken again. And it's supposed to get down to 7 Fahrenheit tonight. Dan tells me that if an apartment has no heat, the landlord is supposed to pay for a hotel room for the night. I'm going to call whatever governing board takes care of landlords and tenants and find out what our rights are. I don't want to fuck our landlord - but I don't want to spend another night freezing. Honestly, I'm more worried about our cats than us - we can turn on the oven or take hot showers or huddle together under piles of blankets. The kitties don't have the same luxuries - and besides, they're so small! We could just go to my parents' - but my dad's allergic to the cats and I won't leave them behind if it's this bitterly cold. Update: Landlord Mark figured out what was wrong - duh - and is coming back tonight to put the ORIGINAL gas valve back in. That's right, he's replaced it twice, and the only one that works is the one that was there to begin with. Ugh. urlLink EBAY Please bid on my auctions. I'm not in desperate need of the money so much as I want to move this stuff. Oh, and I want to visit Kate in Texas. So maybe I do need the money. Thanks.

 I get really tired of this, of the inconsideracy of others. Broken plans, broken promises. Of being on the phone and the other person seemingly putting down the phone and walking away. If you're bored or don't want to talk to me, just say so.

 I am trying very hard to make a distinction between the things I hate about my workplace and the things I love about my job. Sometimes it is easier than others. I really enjoy my job; my workplace drives me crazy. My job is stimulating and challenging and occasionally frustrating. My workplace is bright and loud and occasionally fun but most of the time just migraine-inducing. My age is bugging me today - my age and my appearance. I am 23, but people at work think I'm 29-30. I know I dress conservatively - but I dress this way because I know it's flattering to me. I read books and I knit and I cook - but that doesn't make me an old woman (and yes, I know, 30 isn't old). And I don't care that much about other people's opinions of me - but this one thing does bug me. Just let me be a kid! I know I'm married and a soon-to-be homeowner (fingers crossed!) and that I work a 9-5 - but that doesn't mean I'm not fun or interesting - or that I don't like to party. Ugh, I don't know. Sometimes the misconceptions amuse me - but sometimes they just bug me. I'm also getting really sensitive to all the DRAMA at work. I really think some of the girls I work with get off on it. Eva and I talked about it a lot last night - she said she used to be like that - she was so insecure that she had to be the center of attention - and instead of being patient and waiting for people to notice her for her talent, she created scenes and drama to MAKE people notice her. I think it's that way with some of the people at work. Because really, is losing 5 minutes of your break worth stressing about for any other reason? No. I'm sorry this is so whingey and bitchy. I didn't mean it to be. Tonight N and I are going through the house with our parents. Am concerned about drama - see above. Our parents get along - but there was so much chaos and so many hurt feelings during the wedding planning that I'm afraid of a relapse into that sort of behavior. If you don't know what I'm talking about and don't have anything better to do for an hour or so, just ask me. But I'm looking forward to looking at the house again. I feel really good about it - I'm just trying to get over the neighborhood. It's right across the street from a gas station, and across the street (in a different direction) from a hospital - but it's also right up the street from a school. The hospital has done a huge renovation in the last 2-3 years and has really spruced up the surrounding neighborhood, at least to the south. The northern neighborhoods have yet to really display any changes, but we're hoping.... That would really improve property values, which is my long term worry. I don't want to buy this house, then need or want to move in a few years and have to take a loss. But that's all a long way off, and while that should be an influence in the decision, it shouldn't be the deciding factor. I'm sorry, I think the rain's just got me down.

 urlLink This is the house on Summit St. We're going for a second walk-through on Wednesday. I feel kind of weird about it - I really like the house, I don't mind the neighborhood, but I'm not as head over heels for it like I was the last two. And I don't know if I should treat that as a sign or not. It's right in our price range, in our area, it has TONS of room, etc. I don't know. Ways to stay sane during the week: lunch on the porch with a good book. I made Ramen noodles, set my egg timer, and sat out on the porch eating my noodles, reading urlLink Consuming Passions , and just relaxing. Wonderful. It made it really difficult to go back to work. But back to work I went and I'm swamped cos Dan is gone and cos we had problems over the weekend - and now I'm starting to get a migraine. Damned loud and BRIGHT workplace. When will they move us to the corner?!?!?!

 More house hunting today - we looked at places that are waaaay out of our price range - and one house that might be just right. We didn't fall head over heels, like we did for the one on Chicago and the one on Welty - but this house is BIG and in our price range and has most of what we're looking for. Only downside is that it's in a neighborhood with status TBA. Chicago and Welty are both nice, stable, fairly quiet neighborhoods. Summit (the new house) is right across the street from a hospital and a gas station - but right up the street from a school. It's almost too good to be true - and honestly the neighborhood isn't any worse than where we are right now. So it's a thought. urlLink Jen came dinner and we ate on the porch - taco salad. This is what I pictured when we took this apartment - lazy weekends on the porch, dinners and drinks and friends and books and sunlight and breeze. I hope we have a few more... After dinner we walked to the Lindens' to invite them out for ice cream - the four of us walked to Baskin Robbins and had waffle cones of different varieties. I had a fudge and sprinkle dipped waffle cone with Raspberry Cheese Louise frozen yogurt. Wonderful. About the only thing that would make this better is if I didn't have to go to work tomorrow. And you know, I feel bad about complaining my job because I just chose to keep it - but Monday is Monday, whether you love your job or not.

 I'm sticking to the online editor. I've lost all my entries for the last 2-3 days - piercings, friday fives, house stuff, etc. Oh my god. I should be working on Leslie's card but instead am trying to reconstruct the last week. I'm SO pissed. Later: Leslie's shower was lovely. I felt out of place because I knew practically no one - but the food was wonderful and it was nice to chat with Leslie and Laura. And I got socks! Leslie bought small thank yous for Mom, urlLink Jen (who didn't show), and I - Mom got two new charms for her bracelet and I got petunia socks. Hooray! If I had the digital camera, I would take a photo of my feet. Well, I'd have to put the socks on first, but you know what I mean. N and Joe are climbing all afternoon, so I've been on the porch since 3, reading in the sun and drinking lemonade. I finished two books - urlLink The Cheese Monkeys and urlLink The Alchemist . Will have to write more when it isn't so gorgeous out.

 Dan was apparently jumped and beat up pretty badly - bad enough to land him in the hospital. No one really knows what's going on. He's to leave for Vegas in the morning and I assumed he was just taking an extra day off - until Dianne told me what happened. It's going to be a few minutes before I can breathe again.

 update: Dan's OK - or will be OK. Apparently he was at a friend's house and some shit broke out - the friend asked people to leave and they wouldn't - someone broke a bottle over Dan's friend Kristine's head - she needed 38 stitches!!! - and he stepped in to get her out of it. I finished urlLink Ignorance last night. It wasn't as good as I'd hoped and left me feeling like I wasn't smart enough to get what he was trying to do. I hate that feeling. I also finished urlLink Home Swell Home which was fun but also not as good as I'd hoped. I guess I was looking for more practical ideas. Oh well. urlLink Friday Five : 1. What was the last TV show you watched? Will & Grace 2. What was the last thing you complained about and what was the problem? I complained a bunch this morning cos I couldn't find my keys. And then I found them in the purse that I haven't carried all week. 3. Who was the last person you complimented and what did you say? I don't remember. I know that's awful. I've thought a lot of good things about people today though..... 4. What was the last thing you threw away? I just shredded some customer information from work. 5. What was the last website (besides this one) that you visited? Actually, it was urlLink my site But before that: urlLink barzey.com

 I'm about to start banging my head on my desk in a minute here. Since I don't get to go on a real vacation, I've decided to spend the vacation money on piercings instead. I've been emailing back and forth with urlLink Pere who did my tongue piercing in 99 - and I think I'm going to go in May to get some work done. I'm definitely planning on getting my tragus (what's the plural of tragus?) done and a second stud in my tongue - and maybe some more fun things, but that'll take some thought. I figure since I'm going to be in this basement (no complaints!!!!) a while longer, I might as well do the fun things I want to do. I still can't dye my hair blue, so I guess this'll have to do. Check out this site - urlLink beet cafe - full of loads of fun things to do in the Forest City. Also I just realized I don't have a link to urlLink hunky dories up. Sorry! Francis Bacon made a decent but not spectacular showing at Pub Quiz last night. Dan and I were damned near psychic at work yesterday - but we must've used that all up cos we weren't doing quite as well at Bacchus. Oh well, maybe the NAT benefit will go better.

 Feeling better today. Eva and I talked a lot tonight - about our relationship, about Friday, about all kinds of things. She needs to take her medicine, we both need to work more. This is a commitment that's worth it. And urlLink Kate launched her site and it's incredible. Not fucking fair.

 What a week. I've been super busy at work all week - all three days of it - getting caught up because Dan's gone and we're running two bill pay promotions at once. And today we're running a stress test for the new system - and because of it, all our other systems are running slow or crashing. Ugh. If this is any indication of how the conversion is going to go, it'll be great....... All I want to do is work! Is that too much to ask? I have so much to do and don't want to leave piles of work for after the weekend. The house passed inspection, so we're on for our closing next Friday. N and I are going refrigerator shopping this weekend. I just got off the phone with the gas company and the cable company - now I just have to call the electric co and we're set! I'm excited - and a little overwhelmed cos we have SO much to do. Card night last night was a lot of fun. It was just Rachel, Mom, and I - so we were able to play a bit more than when there are more people. That worked out well for me cos I knew what I wanted to do but hadn't actually put it down on paper. I wish the scanner was working...

 My name is Elizabeth and I am not a whore.

 Sometimes I think it would be best if I stopped blogging. Perhaps people don't need this kind of information about me. To wrap a few things up: I turned down the job because My boss rocks and I love my coworkers. I don't regret anything that happened this weekend, only the way it affected other people. I honestly don't care what other people think But when they make comments like "Who hasn't [slept with her]?" because it's NOT true. I want to buy Eva's skirt. I love it when people loan me cute clothes, then say "Oh, that looks much better on you! Keep it!" I'm tired of crying at work and I'm tired of inflicting my drama on my friends. I'm tired of drama period.

 Sometimes I wonder if I lose readers because they read things like "married" and then "kissed too many boys." And then I wonder if that should really matter. I sometimes feel like I should post a disclaimer - that this is my blog, my life, my thoughts. I'm trying so very hard not to censor myself unless absolutely necessary - and sometimes it's hard to know where to draw that line. And sometimes I'm so frustrated with the stupid things that boys do - things that hurt people. A situation arose over the weekend where one of my dear friends was hurt, then hurt again after we thought the situation was resolved. I ache for her - and wish there was something I could do other than offer words of comfort. This is why I get frustrated when friends hook up with friends - the friend always ends up in the middle. In this case, it is one of my friends and one of N's friends - so we're both torn between wanting the best for friend A and to prevent further hurt to friend B. It's just...complicated. And tomorrow I have to make my decision. I think I know what I'm going to say - but I still need to talk to Dianne.

 10 things about the Third Annual Good Friday BBQ: Everyone loves spinach dip. N wrestled with Ria for no particular reason. A half barrel & four racks of ribs are just enough for 50 people. Snoop Dogg is good party music. Pink Floyd is not. At least not our kind of party. Everyone at work apparently thinks I'm sweet & innocent. Umm, no. If your landlord is your friend and comes to your party, don't introduce him as your landlord. 2 cousins + 2 sisters = fun Everyone talks about playing spin the bottle. Very few people actually have. It's not a party until someone spills something. Or drenches the floor in champagne and beer. The boy with the sweet mouth is my new favorite kisser. What a great night. Loads of people came - we had great food, great drinks, and a lot of fun. I kissed more boys than I should've and had a v delicious night. My mouth is bruised and sore but mmmmmmmmmmmmm. Oh, and if anyone's missing a tan-colored corduroy jacket, well, we have it. A red beer cup just blew down the street. Goodbye, party!

 urlLink Friday Five : 1. Who is your favorite celebrity? Jack Black. His eccentricity is charming - and my friend Rachel met him at a wedding and said he is everything in person that he is on stage or on TV. 2. Who is your least favorite? Umm, I don't know. The guy who played Bob on Twin Peaks still creeps me out - is that good enough? 3. Have you ever met or seen any celebrities in real life? Depends on your definition of celebrity. If you're talking movie or TV stars, then no. If you're talking bands or authors, yes. Oh and I saw Richard Simmons hugging Barney at BookExpo 97. That was weird. 4. Would you want to be famous? Why or why not? I don't think so. I'd like to be well-known, but not necessarily famous. 5. If you had to trade places with a celebrity for a day, who would you choose and why? Can I pick the celebrity AND the day? Halle Berry on Oscar night. Mmm mmm mmm Adrian Brody. :) Answering these questions makes me feel like I read too much People magazine - which I used to do at the bookstore but not any more. urlLink Jen and urlLink Amanda and I had a long talk in a half-drunken state last night about religion and relationships and sex and education. One thing that struck me out of the convo is that we all identified our times of the peak of religious (and by religious I mean Christian) fervor as coinciding with our most self-destructive times. During the times I was active in church and praying and reading the Bible and feeling very close to God, I hated myself. I wasn't eating. I was crying all the time - and that was interpreted by the people at church as being a sign of God moving in me. I guess I just find it so hard to believe that a loving and benevolent God would want his "children" to suffer, to hate themselves, to choose misery over happiness for the sake of being holy. I don't know. I have a lot of soul searching to do before I can return to church whole-heartedly. But I have a job interview in 45 minutes, so I really should be getting ready....

 I really thought today was Friday. Maybe it's because I've been in training all week and am off tomorrow. I don't know. I have a real interview for Online for Business tomorrow. I talked to Luann on Wednesday - not a real interview - just for information - but tomorrow's the real deal. She said dress casual cos it's Friday - but there's no way I'm going into an interview in raggy jeans or OVERALLS. We'll see what happens!

 It is Krist-across-the-sea's birthday. Happy Birthday Krist!!! We'll have a drink for you. What a v. nice weekend. urlLink Amanda and I went to see The Fantasticks last night - not bad! The girl who played "The Girl" was, well, OK - but other than that, it was v. amusing. N & Joe made beer brats and we just hung out. Today we looked at houses - we found urlLink an absolutely awesome one - but of course the sellers have already accepted an offer. I seriously wanted them to be our friends. They have fucking awesome art, a climbing wall in the basement, and a pretty decent CD collection. Yes, one of the great things about going to open houses is that you get to snoop. The master suite was in the loft - lots of storage, a 3/4 bath, great light, and a birds' nest outside the window. It figures - all the houses we see that we like are already sold or are too expensive. We'll find something. I really should be cleaning - or at least be outside enjoying the sun and the cool air. Instead I'm online looking at houses - and thinking about watching the rest of the second episode of Twin Peaks. Or making cards. Or drinking tea and doing nothing. Hmm. All those sound really appealing. Have a brilliant weekend. Oh, PS, I did skip the shower. I feel bad about it - but I haven't seen her in almost a year, haven't talked to her in nearly as long, and as she makes no effort to stay in touch, I'm not going to sweat it. We're not even really invited to the wedding, just the reception. So I'll save my shower gift for a wedding gift!

 I'm supposed to go to a bridal shower in about two hours but I think I'm going to skip. I want to run around outside and look at houses and read on my porch and drink tea and make cards. urlLink Amanda 's coming out from the city this afternoon - we're going to hang out and then go see a show at school tonight. Don't know anything about the show - but it's her friends' last show at the college, so she wanted to be there and I volunteered to go along. As long as there are no dancing Incas, that is...... I put in my application yesterday. I talked to Dianne - she agreed that it would be a huge career move for me, even though she's loathe to see me go. No one wants me to leave, which makes me feel really good about myself and my contributions to work. Dianne said that the new department is notoriously stingy - so to make sure I talked about salary because they might balk at what I ask for, but they will find out in a heartbeat that I'm worth every penny they've spent. And to hear that from my boss was just golden.

 Is there any better feeling than a gorgeous Friday night, warm weather, the windows down and the wind in your hair, singing along with the radio? Grilling out with friends, listening to music and watching little kids chase each other around? Springtime means a perpetual grin, even when it's raining. a thought: men of ecommerce beach calendar: good men of pc services beach calendar: bad urlLink The Friday Five : 1. What was the first band you saw in concert? I think it was actually urlLink Whiteheart , this Christian rock band. Or hair band. Something like that. 2. Who is your favorite artist/band now? I have to pick just one? OK, I can't. Favorites are urlLink The Tea Party and urlLink Nine Inch Nails . 3. What's your favorite song? Probably "Glory Box" by Portishead. Or "The Messenger" by The Tea Party. Or I could come up with about fifteen more, but I'll stop. 4. If you could play any instrument, what would it be? I would really like to learn to play guitar - and be able to do more with my drum. I guess that's two instruments. Oh well. 5. If you could meet any musical icon (past or present), who would it be and why? Past: John Lennon. He helped change everything - and I really like Strawberry Fields. Present: Trent Reznor. Why? Pure animalistic lust. Sorry, I'm honest.

 So I think I'm going to have a massive "going to be moving sometime in the near future" sale and I can't decide if I should just throw everything on Ebay or list some of it here or both or just have a garage sale. I've moved too much crap too many times. I don't know how N will feel about this - but I don't need all this STUFF just accumulating around me. I'm going to go through my books first and get rid of any I can't live without. I'm sure that'll mean about 6 - but it's a start. So watch this space in the next week for a SALE SALE SALE. Feeling a bit better about the bastard people. It's their house. If they don't want to sell, well, that their prerogative. We're going to a home buyer's fair on Saturday, then Jen's going house hunting with me on Sunday. We'll find something. And who knows - maybe two months from now they'll be more willing to negotiate. I guess I feel strongly that if it's meant to be, it'll happen. And if not, well, we'll find something even better.

 Our offer was rejected outright. We knew they weren't going to take it - we were offering $15,000 less than their asking price (and they didn't even see the Ameridream deductions!!!) - but they were so awful about it that it has almost put us off the house altogether. She said "If that's what you're offering, then there's no point in us wasting any more time here." She didn't even give us a chance to counter-offer. We're approved for all the way up to their asking price - and probably more, if we could afford the payments - but she was so - blunt and abrasive that it almost makes me not want to offer. The house has been on the market since August of 2002 - they had it with a realtor and couldn't afford the fees so they relisted - they're already out of the house and have a new one. You'd think they would want to sell so they don't have two mortgage payments, two sets of utilities, and especially two sets of tax payments. But if they're not willing to negotiate, well, maybe that's why it's still on the market. My gut reaction is to walk away - then come back in a month or two if it's still on the market and offer a bit more. We're in a buyer's market - and as our friend Tim said, we hold all the cards right now: we're preapproved, we have a good range in which we can look, and we don't have to worry about selling a house so we can close as soon as the sellers can. But that doesn't make me any less disappointed.

 Today we made a second pass at the house - this time with my parents in tow. The old couple was just as nice as can be and answered all of our questions and then some. We're going to hire an attorney tomorrow and make an offer. The asking price is $106,000 - the fair market value is around $82,000 - and we're going to offer somewhere in between. I'm wicked excited at the possibility of being in a house by summertime. I'm going to add a card section soon - I promise! I can't decide if that's a winds thing or if it should be a Vinny the Fish thing. What do you think? I have yet to really launch Vinny the Fish - I've paid a girl to do a Vinny illo - once I have that, I guess I'll have to launch. :) I'm still vacillating on the job. I think it would be a great challenge and opportunity for me - advancement potential, a (potentially) bigger salary, being something other than Dan's back up. The bad thing is that Dianne has to sign off on my application before it can go to HR - and I don't know how pleased she will be about that. After all, she did push v. hard for my raise and promotion this time last year. But I feel stuck and bored and in need of a challenge. I have supervisory responsibilities without the authority or any of the benefits. It's just - complicated. Being in the call center gives me a headache every day. I need light and privacy and no loud Spanish convos behind me. I need a challenge.

 We met with the mortgage lender yesterday and WE'RE PREAPPROVED! Since we want to keep the payments around $700-800/month, she approved us for $80,000-85,000 - but they'll approve you for payments up to 31% of your monthly income and we're at 17%, so I think we can go a bit higher if need be. I feel like I can breathe for the first time in a week. So N and I went house hunting today. We went to 6 open houses in a neighborhood near ours and man, I can't believe the difference in the houses! Two were pretty damned awful. Weird layouts, not a lot of space - lots of small rooms carved into spaces that would be better served with a few larger rooms. We each hit our heads at least once. The first house was cute - a nice basement, small kitchen but nice living room, good sized yard and bedrooms - and in our price range. The second house took our breath away. 3 bedrooms, 1 bath (with a great tub!!!!), lots of closets, hard wood floors and a marble entry way, a gorgeous fireplace, lots of light, a big basement, deck, and yard - and a garage that will fit 4 cars!!!! We are totally in love. The little old couple that owns the house has to sell right away - I guess they moved in, lived there a little while, went on vacation, and when they got back he had a heart attack and just couldn't handle going up and down the stairs all day. They were just lovely to talk to - v. enthusiastic about the house. It's a little out of our price range ($15,000 more) but if we can budge up and make an offer right away, it just might happen. We went to four houses after that and NONE came close. *sigh* urlLink I'm in love.... In other news, I've decided I'm going to stop apologizing for my feelings and justifying other people's actions. It's just too exhausting and not fair to me. I have to be honest to myself, even when it's hard to say the things that are true. Eva and I had a nice day yesterday. We went shopping - spent too much money on card stuff - and had lunch. She got a new teakettle that matches her dishes and found the dress she's going to wear for the wedding. I won't lie and say that wasn't hard for me - but her dress is lovely and I think she'll be beautiful. N, Joe, and I went to dinner, then Eva and I made cards til late. I'll have to scan some of the things I made - they're pretty incredible if I do say so myself. :) And now, the urlLink Friday Five : 100% controversy free and terribly timely, if I do say so myself: 1. How many houses/apartments have you lived in throughout your life? As far as I know... 5 houses, 3 apartments, and 2 dorm rooms. 2. Which was your favorite and why? I really loved the house on Pepper Drive, but that's just because I spent most of my childhood there. Each place has been meaningful in its own way. I suppose it would be easiest to pick my least favorite - which would be the house in Marshfield, only because I don't remember it. I think I was barely a year old when we moved. 3. Do you find moving house more exciting or stressful? Why? Both. It's exciting to be in a new space - but moving is such a freaking pain!!! 4. What's more important, location or price? I really feel like you should be satisfied with both or the move isn't worthwhile. 5. What features does your dream house have (pool, spa bath, big yard, etc.)? Oh, this list is so timely. Nate and I were talking about this last night. My realistic dream house will have all of the following: bathroom with a big tub lots of windows a room that can be mine alone a well-appointed kitchen built in bookshelves? attached garage nice backyard with room for a garden Side note: the house has all of the above, except the attached garage. Well, there's an attached garage, but it's been converted.

 Always updating. Yawn. I'm still at work - another 56 minutes (but I'm not counting) and all I want to do is sink into my urlLink lavender tub with my book and make this day go away. Not a bad day, really, just long and boring. Waiting for the weekend that sometimes seems as if it'll never come. But I get paid tomorrow. And Saturday Eva and I are going to the Goose Barn and to the yarn shop and maybe out for lunch, which will be nice. And I find myself holding my breath until Saturday because N and I are meeting with a mortgage rep to see if we can get preapproved for a HOUSE . We're desperate for our own space - to be able to paint and furnish and reorganize without having to worry about moving in a year or two - to be able to get a dog without having to worry about the landlord - to be able to build equity instead of making a profit for our landlord. I know they say that once you have a house, you never have money again - but for people like us, people getting started, I think having your own house is the big dream. And I so desperately want this dream to come true.

 Tonight was card night. Rachel, Eva, Mom, and I made lots of fun stuff. All my urlLink Stampin Up goodies came in - stamps and ink and pens and papers. Mom immediately confiscated my Sketches set - which I guess is OK cos I don't know what to do with it yet. Some cards (click for a bigger image): If you have any ideas or want to know how we made these cards, just let me know! I think we're going to do this once a month. Oh, and on the buggie "thinking of you" card, you can't see the deckled (is that the right word?) edge at the top but it's there. :) In other news, I'm sick again. Ugh. I felt bad going tonight cos I came home sick at 2. I hate being sick at work. Scratch that, I hate being sick period. I just want to sleep and sleep and sleep.

 It's the end of the week. Finally. Things have been slow and boring - yesterday I seriously thought I was going to fall asleep at my desk - but I didn't. I just want to go HOME and not sit here for another half hour. Whinge whinge whinge. I'm reading urlLink Picasso's War . It is so good - just the sort of thing I need to keep the old grey matter going. I can't - I just can't believe the destruction that took place at Guernica. It's beyond words. I was reading about the bombing while on my lunch break yesterday and was so deeply moved. The things humanity does to itself are just astounding. And all of Europe was horrified and up at arms - yet we allow these things to happen again and again. The author, Russell Martin, described the first time he actually saw Guernica - he was at the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofia in Madrid, where I saw the painting in 2000, on 9/11: I looked at Guernica for a long time on that warm September afternoon, joined by thousands of people who had come to Madrid from every part of the world to spend a bit of time in the presence of what is widely regarded as the most important artwork of the twentieth century. None of us was aware as we stood across from the brutal, horrific, yet somehow mesmerizing images of Picasso's war, that in those same moments the twenty-first century had been forced forever onto a new tack, that once more - as had happened in little Gernika - humans had transformed themselves into demons, and other humans suddently searched for reasons why.

 1. What do you most want to be remembered for? I want to have a memorable correspondence. I read urlLink 84, Charing Cross Road this winter - it's the correspondence between a New York woman and a London bookshop over 30+ years. It was really moving and fun - and I really think that's the way I want to be remembered. 2. What quotation best fits your outlook on life? Every step an arrival. 3. What single achievement are you most proud of in the past year? Not ruining Eva's wedding. It was my New Year's resolution, after all. 4. What about the past ten years? Not dropping out of college and running away. 5. If you were asked to give a child a single piece of advice to guide them through life, what would you say? Live your life and don't worry about regrets. You will have them no matter what you do - so do the things that make you happy.

 We're making a second offer on urlLink this house tomorrow. My stomach is all in knots, afraid that they'll sell it to the couple that's looking at it today. We so want this house. Today has been excruciatingly boring. I really thought I was going to fall asleep at my desk. I have 7 minutes left - it's still a possibility. Sometimes I wish I could write urlLink consistently urlLink themed or urlLink consistently urlLink clever entries. I wish my entries were more coherent and not just about anything and everything. But maybe that's why people read here.

 A think that annoys me is that once an update is moved off this index page, it ceases to be read. What's the point of keeping urlLink archives then? Maybe that indicates a lack of interest? I know that when I start really reading someone's site, I make a point of reading the entire thing, finish to start. But maybe I just have too much time on my hands. urlLink These people clearly have too much time on their hands, though the keg one cracked me up. And what the hell is urlLink this? I read it at least twice and still have no clue. urlLink This article breaks my heart and just makes me sick because it is so very true. I hate how illiterate we're becoming - and how few people can write! I suppose, then, that urlLink this site should be some consolation. At least they're reading. Had a thought this weekend. Michelle was talking about Principal Nick's family, how they don't know much about her, including the fact that she's bi. It was just strange to hear her say it - it's so much a part of who she is and always has been, at least as long as I've known her. And I wonder if I'm the same way and if when I tell people they say to themselves "Oh yeah, I've known that forever." I want to be that way, if I'm not already. I guess it's strange to put it in words.

 You can't really tell from the photo - but my hair is kind of a crazy red brown blonde color - a bit of all three, actually. I think it could use another round of dye - but given the dye nightmare this weekend, I can wait. I bought two boxes of Feria at the grocery - got ready for Michelle to come do it - and then opened the box to discover that one had no dye! So I went to the store again, bought more dye (checked for it this time) - and when Michelle went to mix it, someone had switched the bottles! So we went out and bought a FOURTH box of dye. Ridiculous. And it always happens that I find a color I like - and then it's discontinued. Hopefully not this time.

 You don't even know what this weekend has been like. What a weekend for N to be gone. Drunk emails, sober kisses, "private" room at the bar, wine and kahlua and margaritas and my old friend Jack. Going to bed alone two nights, then her here and us both tired, then him home but asleep before the game was over. Mmmmm. And then I feel bad because my friends and my brother's girlfriend and so many other read these ridiculous and personal things - but that's what I'm thinking about and that's what I'm feeling - and if I can't write about these things in my blog, well, what good is it? All in all a nice weekend, frustration notwithstanding. The storm of Eva's parents' discovery wasn't as bad as expected. They don't condone the relationship - but they do still love both of us. Whew. I spent nearly the entire weekend next door with them - Eva, Jeff, and the rest of the family. It was really nice, though I felt out of place at times. N and Russ got back from Kentucky today, so the bunch of us had a cookout - steaks, burgers, brats, mushrooms (for me), homemade pasta salad, homemade potato salad, beans, and my strawberry rhubarb pie. Wonderful. These are the days I don't want to ever end. This is better than I thought.

 I have come to the conclusion that I am a person of questionable morals. In other news, today is my parents' 28th anniversary. Happy anniversary, Mom & Pop! (Aren't you glad you don't know everything your little girl does? She certainly is.)

 I had this whole big eloquent thing in my head and now it's just gone. Victim of not enough (or too much) caffeine, sugar, and sleep. Victim of three whole days of glorious freedom just ahead, three whole days that have been beckoning to me since, well, Monday. Eva's parents know about us. Her mom found some open letters in the car. I don't know how her reaction went - all I know is that Mary called me last night to warn me and to see if I thought she should call Eva on her honeymoon. We planned to tell our parents sooner or later - but I think we both envisioned them either figuring it out - or us telling them. I at least didn't picture it this way. I hope Eva's OK - I saw her when they came home and told her what happened. This is OK - but her mom's staying with her for two more weeks, and that could be icky. Guilty confession du jour: I think Keanu Reeves is wicked hot in The Matrix Reloaded. Seriously. I don't know where this is coming from. I know I have a penchant for skinny white guys - but Keanu? Weird. I'm going to have to think about this. In related news, I think I'm in love with the Wachowski brothers. All this love and N's in Kentucky all weekend for urlLink Speleofest . What's a girl to do?

 "time flies when it's wrapped in plastic." - urlLink Moby My husband came up with some very bizarre urlLink Marry/Shag/Cliff suggestions: Betty Boop Olive Oyl Strawberry Shortcake We were having a terrific time with it last night. I think some of my responses surprised him. I'd post them here - but some of them are just too strange for words. It's potluck at work today - and a v slow and boooooooooooring day. Not a good combination. It's a nap under the desk sort of day. Trying to find things to do and ways to keep my eyes open. Am thinking about kicking my computer just for something to do. So tired of looking at houses. I suspect we'll never find anything. Just got an email from Landlord Mark, who said they looked for over a year before they found their house. I don't want to hear that!!! At least we're not in a hurry for any legitimate or unavoidable reason. Still pondering my plans for the weekend. I want to go out and do stuff but from looking at the budget, I don't know if that's possible. I don't think I even have the gas money to drive to Champaign. Is there anyone who would like to come over and play Trivial Pursuit? Yes, that's right. I'm advertising for weekend plans on the Interweb. Sad but true.

 When I run the shadow government, my electric bill will be due two days AFTER pay day, not before it. When I run the shadow government and have to work 10 hour days, I'd better have a damned cool office, especially if it's only two of us working there. When I run the shadow government, I will hire a minion to do my filing. Then I will be able to put potluck food through the shredder just to see what happens.

 Happy belated birthday urlLink Trent . urlLink Meathead 's tribute is much better than mine. I'm quite obsessed with urlLink Marry/Shag/Cliff . It is the most terrific game ever. Any suggestions? Stephen Dorff Trent Reznor Adrian Brody Angelina Jolie Nicole Kidman Julianne Moore Pick which one you'd marry, which you'd shag, and which would go off a cliff. My choices for the first should be pretty obvious... As you can tell, I'm doing much better since the weekend. I've kept quite busy, which is really, really good for the soul. No word from Eva - but it is her honeymoon and that is to be expected. I called her from Chicago and she called me - but things were different and she was a little more desperate. Secretly I do wish she'd call, though. I want to hear her voice, to know that she's missing me, longing for me. That's super selfish - but also the sort of affirmation that is needed in this sort of situation. What should I do this weekend? Sarah wants me to come down to visit her - but she's working Saturday and Sunday. Michelle's going to dye my hair - and Mary J has invited me to hang out. I could also use some quality reading and cleaning time - and Eva's coming home on Friday and I'm a sucker for her. So I don't know. Public Service Announcement #6 : Conjugation is important. This is wrong: "It seem like it won't pull up the benefits." This is right: "It SEEMS like it won't pull up the benefits."

 Feeling a bit out of sorts today. Not entirely sure why. I think I'm still exhausted from the weekend - and the grey weather can't help. It's humid and overcast and I wish it would just rain. I'd feel better. The wedding went well. N's photos are gorgeous - if the scanner ever starts working again, I'll have to post a few. I took mainly group photos with the digital - maybe I'll put up one or two this evening. She was so beautiful and they both looked so happy. And me? I cried through the entire ceremony, then slipped away for a cigarette or two with Sarah. I'm so glad she was there. Eva kissed me and held my hand and comforted me as best she could - but we both still cried. Dinner was worse than the ceremony, at least for me. At the wedding I could hide behind my hair or slip away for a bit without being noticed. At dinner I had to keep making excuses. I felt awful and like I was totally making a scene. I hope it wasn't as bad as I felt it was. And now they're gone for a week - and N will be going away on Thursday - and I don't know what I'm going to do except keep busy and try not to worry or dwell on things I can't change - things that shouldn't be worries at all. But thank you for your thoughts and your concern. It really does mean the world to me.

 She's getting married today. The woman I love is getting married. The woman I have loved for so long though for years we were at cross purposes. It took us two and a half years to get to bed, and another two and a half to realize why we were there. The last year has been so very full - South African Independence Day, when we did things we'd never done and said things we'd meant to say for years - Memorial Day weekend, when we got a taste of what might be and nearly didn't make it out - weekends in June and July where we thought we might melt from the heat and so went swimming in the river - then the wedding, and the awful silence that followed. But Thanksgiving came and I felt for the first time that I was her girlfriend - felt intoxicated by her presence, desperate in her absense, and for the first time felt that we weren't afraid of it. At Christmastime I gave her a ring - and then so did Jeff. And now she's here and we've had such a delicious couple of weeks - which I think is what's making today easier than I thought. Last night we went our for dinner and drinks while the boys were having Jeff's bachelor party - we drank wine, smoked, felt worldly and cosmopolitan, and kissed and held hands and were a couple, very publicly. It's a hard thing having a "secret" life in the town you've lived almost your entire life. But last night I saw people from high school, from grade school, from old jobs - and wasn't afraid. And where have the boys been? They've been here (and there, as Jeff isn't here yet) and have loved us and supported us and done what they can to make this work. They talked about it last night - and both said that there's really nothing they can do about it - and that it's more harmful to keep us apart than to let us be together. And that's a good thing in my book. We're very, VERY lucky girls. And she's getting married today. My heart is aching but I am happy for her. Because love means wanting the best for the people you love - being happy for them, even if the decisions they make don't make you happy. But I am happy because I know she is too. I love her with the sort of reckless abandon that you only read about in books.

 I'm still trying to process my thoughts about urlLink The Matrix Reloaded .

 1. What drinking water do you prefer -- tap, bottle, purifier, etc.? I prefer bottled water - unless the tap water is really, really good. We've been buying purified water at the grocery - that's my favorite right now. 2. What are your favourite flavor of chips? Salt & vinegar. Gross but true. :) 3. Of all the things you can cook, what dish do you like the most? I love my tomato bisque and Grandma's mashed potatoes. 4. How do you have your eggs? Sunny side up! 5. Who was the last person who cooked you a meal? How did it turn out? Tuesday I made chicken tikka masala. It was terrific.

 This is harder than I thought. OK, that's not true. I really thought I'd be hardly breathing at this point. But instead I'm breathing and aching and longing and drinking water and hoping I'll make it through Saturday. I'm sure I will - but it's still really hard. On an entirely different note.... urlLink This is what happens when you work in customer service too long. I really want urlLink this . We had urlLink this for dinner Tuesday night. I'm in love with urlLink this website though I don't have any money to buy stuff from it. When Eva and I go on vacation, we're staying urlLink here . Yes, that's a pig. And N and I are going to see urlLink this tonight. Lots of links, lots of distractions. And no, I'm not Adrian Brody's girlfriend. Or Adrien Brody either. Oh, and if you know who the first ever act to perform at urlLink the Metro Centre was, please let me know! urlLink The (quite belated) Friday Five : 1. Would you consider yourself an organized person? Why or why not? At times, yes. Most of the time, no. My files at work are in pristine order, however. 2. Do you keep some type of planner, organizer, calendar, etc. with you, and do you use it regularly? I have my fabulous Bad Girl planner; however in an attempt to cut down on all the crap I carry around, it's been staying at home. 3. Would you say that your desk is organized right now? For the most part. The clutter is stuff I'm working with or taking home. 4. Do you alphabetize CDs, books, and DVDs, or does it not matter? Our CDs are alphabetical by artist (or by title, if it's a soundtrack or show). My books are arranged more by size and preference - I have separate bookshelves for my favorites and for my children's books. DVDs are just in there however. 5. What's the hardest thing you've ever had to organize? It's always hard to organize my correspondence - as the boxes build up, I feel like I really should start throwing some of that stuff away - but I'm hard pressed to part with it.

 Public Service Annoucement #5 (courtesy of urlLink Newman ): There is no such thing as a "skrimp." The word is SHRIMP (or, for those from Down Under, PRAWN . Thank you. The weather today reminds me of Paris the last time I was there. We went for Easter when I was in London - a long weekend - took the urlLink Eurostar , stayed at urlLink Three Ducks , did our own thing. Friday we saw the urlLink Pendulum at The Pantheon, went to urlLink the Musee D'Orsay , cooked for the first time in months, and got really drunk in the garden, among other things. Saturday it poured. The heavens just opened up and dumped on us. urlLink Newman and Steph-a-nee did their own thing - I think they went to urlLink the Louvre - but I braved the rain and went to le cimitiere Montparnasse and visited Baudelaire - then walked down the Boulevard Raspail and soaked it up - the city, the sights and smells, the store at the corner of Raspail and Montparnasse where I bought my blue journal. I walked from Montparnasse to the Ile de la Cite where water was standing in the streets - taking brief respite at the urlLink Sainte Chapelle - then walking to Notre Dame. My clothes were soaked. My sandals were soaked. The laminated map I was using as an umbrella was soaked - but I was having a brilliant time. I don't think I would've been any happier had it been sunny. Today's rain holds none of that magic - only the memory. In case you're concerned that the entire weekend was a wash, so to speak, you're wrong. The rain continued through Sunday morning, then lifted just as Steph-a-Nee and I left the urlLink Centre Pompidou . We walked for a long time, then took the Metro to Montmatre and walked the steps to urlLink Sacre Coeur , where we were presented with a brilliant view of the entire city. I didn't want to leave. But I did and three years passed and here I am.

 Public Service Announcements #3 and 4: The word is YOUR , not "yo'." The word is CHECKING , not "checkin'." As in "I need your checking account number." Day one of new hours has been marvelous. I went home on my lunch break, warmed up meal #3 from Saturday's dinner, and ate on the porch while reading urlLink my book . It was soooooo nice. One bad thing is that I can't take my 15 minutes paid and my hour unpaid at the same time - but that also means I get a smaller break during the day - which isn't so bad. We went to Erich & Amy's on Sunday to look at the house. They're really eager to sell to us - unfortunately we're not going to go for it. :( The house is really nice - they've done even more work since the last time we were there - but it's not what we want and we just can't afford a $110,000.00 favor. In the interim, however, I talked to a few people and might have a friend-of-a-friend who is interested. I figure that if we can't help them out by buying the house ourselves, we might as well pimp it out to other friends who are looking! It's a great house and I know they'll sell it quickly - I just hope they can do so and still make enough off of it to pay their bills and get a good start in Indianapolis. We're going to miss them. urlLink Kate 's site is back up - hooray! And urlLink Newman got a kitten and urlLink Sarah and Hannah got a house. And urlLink Missy is graduating and Eva is getting married. Lots of big things going on. It makes my head hurt! Right now I'm concentrating on one more hour of work, then dinner with N, Eva, Cath, and urlLink Jen . Then nap. Maybe.

 She's getting married in five days. We had such a gorgeous weekend. urlLink The movie was wonderful. Dinner was wonderful. I spent the night in her bed, her arms. Sunday we picked up coffee and snacks, then went to the laundromat and the library. It was delicious just being with her - having a night and day with her before the wedding. I'm clinging to those memories, wrapping them around me like a blanket, keeping me warm for the days to come. I'm happy for her. I really am. It's so hard to sound sincere when I'm like this - but I do mean it. And I'm sure you're getting sick of me whinging about this. If you are, well, you might want to stay away from this site for a few weeks. I think we're taught that love is supposed to be exclusive. By getting married, you take the person you love out of circulation. You're bound together physically and emotionally, at the exclusion of all others. How does love work if not like that? That's something that you don't learn - that you have to find out on your own. I'm struggling with that - with my own selfishness - with allowing myself to believe that she can be with him and still be with me, just as I can be with N and still with her. I'm not looking for pity. I know I have more than many people do just having N - and having her too? But I'm having a hard time and I need to talk about it.

 Public Service Announcement #2: The word is ASK , not "axe." As in "I need to ask you a question." I'm feeling a little bit better - still blue. I'm definitely getting new hours at work, thought not exactly what I hoped for. At least I get an hour lunch. Day One of conscientious eating went pretty well. I had a bad lunch - well, it tasted good, but not good for me - but it's meal #2 from dinner on Saturday, so I think it's OK. Tomorrow I'll have meal #3 from dinner - and then I'll be done. Hoo-rah for leftovers.

 soooooooooo bored. Why doesn't anyone update on Saturdays? Oh yeah, cos I'm the only one stuck at work. Game night was a bust. No one showed. We cleaned the house and made all this soup - and no one showed. I didn't expect a huge turn out - lots of people had other plans - but no one? Ugh. And by the time it was apparent that no one was coming, it was really too late to go do anything. Tonight should be better, though. I'm going out with Eva for her bachelorette party - which isn't so much of a party as it is a date for the two of us. We're going to dinner at Basil Cafe, then to see urlLink Chicago . With any luck. This summer I've got to make a real commitment to losing weight. I'm not one of those girls who constantly obsesses about her weight - but I'm self conscious and want to be able to wear better clothes and not feel so icky. The problem is that I'm lazy - and I like good food. Doesn't bode well. I felt and looked so great last summer. Weight was melting off of me (well, not THAT much) - but then I had the giant crush of wedding stress to help out. I think I need to set small and realistic goals - and find some non-food rewards for when I meet them. Please, someone, keep me accountable!?! Erich wants us to buy his house. I don't know how I feel. On the one hand, it is v nice - 3 bedrooms, 2 baths (one with a giant tub!), a really nice finished basement, central AC, etc. On the other hand, they smoked in the house for years, it's our friend's house, it's in Machesney Park, and it's sooo close to N's parents and sooo far away from my work, my friends, and everything I like to do. Oh yeah, and it's also out of our price range. I don't want to spend obscene amounts of money on a house we're not in love with. Hell, I'm reluctant to spend moderate amounts of money on things we ARE in love with. I'm not being unreasonable, am I?

 I feel awful. I've been reading urlLink this terrific blog for the last 45 minutes or so - then clicked over to see her wedding photos and was immediately put off of her. Why? Because she bears a stunning resemblence to someone that, while I care deeply about her, on occasion makes my skin crawl. Is that awful? I'm still reading and still enjoying - but somehow it isn't the same. Working til 7 tonight - bummer. Only 2 more Saturday weeks to go though. Why did I agree to do them? Oh yeah, because I'm nice and I know that my not-boss goes through hell doing the schedule each month. Yes, I know, it's her job - but I can still be compassionate, can't I? I suppose that my niceness renders me unable to complain - but hey, this is my blog, isn't it? Thinking of starting a sub-blog for things just for me (and those smart enough to find it). There are things in my head that I need to get out - and I'm not dedicated enough to put it on paper. Game night tonight. I'm looking forward to it and wishing more people were coming - but I guess that's what happens when you plan things at the last moment for a gorgeous Friday night. We were going to have soup and sandwiches - and now it's so warm. I hope people still eat the soup!! We watched the wedding video this week. It was both funny and sad and difficult. Our friend Mike made the tape - disc, actually - and you can tell it's a home job and that he had loads of other things to do. You can't see me for at least half the vid - and then you can, and I'm just stunning, if I do say so myself. I'm awfully glad we have it. The difficult part came at the difficult part of the ceremony - the "forsaking all others" line. I didn't mean for that to be there. If I'd been thinking - if it had even occured to me - that line wouldn't have been there. Watching the video you can see me crying through the vows - and then we get to that line and I about choked. You can see a tear flying off my face - and me looking at Eva. I shouldn't have said it. That was never part of the deal - not from the first year of our relationship on. I worry that those words which I didn't mean and should never have said sully the rest of the vows which I very much did mean. Oh, on a lighter (and should it be?) note, almost everyone to whom I've sent the Dante test have ended up in the second level. At least I'll have good company.

 The Dante's Inferno Test has banished you to the Second Level of Hell! Here is how you matched up against all the levels: Level Score urlLink Purgatory (Repenting Believers) Low urlLink Level 1 - Limbo (Virtuous Non-Believers) Low urlLink Level 2 (Lustful) Very High urlLink Level 3 (Gluttonous) High urlLink Level 4 (Prodigal and Avaricious) Moderate urlLink Level 5 (Wrathful and Gloomy) Low urlLink Level 6 - The City of Dis (Heretics) Very Low urlLink Level 7 (Violent) High urlLink Level 8- the Malebolge (Fraudulent, Malicious, Panderers) High urlLink Level 9 - Cocytus (Treacherous) High Take the urlLink Dante's Inferno Hell Test That's not too bad, is it?

 Thank you all for your concern over my temporary disappearance. I'm still here - my settings were just wonky. Hopefully that's taken care of now. Last night was card night and we had so much fun! My scanner is DOA at the moment - I might try to scan the cards tonight though. Each card used a new technique - we all really outdid ourselves. Rachel taught us how to make marbled-looking paper using shaving cream and liquid ink - and embossing too! Mom showed us how to use chalks and the watermark pad. Mary A taught us about cutting - she makes these incredibly intricate paper cuttings that are just amazing and WAY out of my league. I'm glad she could come! I played with white ink and with my sealing wax; Eva brought some gorgeous papers and we all found different ways to line our cards. I feel so creative and stimulated - and can't wait for next month! I really want my office to be like this: urlLink I saw the sweetest thing at work today. Inside the cupboard with the teacups, there’s a little spreadsheet taped up with all the employees names down one side. Across the columns it says TEA, COFFEE, MILK, SUGAR. And there’s ticks and crosses to indicate everyone’s preferences. They spend all day making each other cuppas and I always wondered how they all knew what everyone liked. It’s bloody adorable.

 One week's worth of entries, all gone. I'm so frustrated. If anyone has a cached version of my site with anything from the last week, please send it my way!!!! They moved me at work - finally. The changes I've asked for are slowly coming to fruition, which I really appreciate. I'm not where I wanted to be - but it's better than where I was before. It's 3pm and I don't have a headache - and that's a big plus.

 More photos - no captions yet. Please let me know if you want captions. Hopefully this won't suck up too much bandwidth.

 Mmmmm. It was so hard to get up this morning - she was supposed to be to church at 10:30 but didn't get out of bed until 10:20. The sensation of skin against skin was so luxurious and wonderful - it has been so long since I spent a night with her. The Tres de Mayo BBQ was a lot of fun - we ate terrific food, drank margaritas, and sat around the fire pit watching Scott & urlLink Mary J 's niece toddle around. I roasted the perfect marshmallow - golden brown on the outside, warm and gooey on the inside. Shortly after that, the marshmallows disappeared. Eva said it was because I found the perfect one. What a nice weekend! I think I take too little time for myself or my activities - but then those sorts of sacrifices are inherent to marriage, I think. Nate comes home this afternoon - I've missed him, but I've also enjoyed the peace & quiet!

 What a busy and nice day! We started out at Murray & Co - this terrific stamping and crafting store right by my work. They're going out of business - the owner's husband is having health problems - so everything is going for 50% off OR MORE! I got some stamps, ink pads, and some gorgeous vellum. I felt pretty good about my purchases - I got out of there for under $35, some of which was Mom's! Unfortunately we're pretty sure that the urlLink Harvard letterbox is missing. We found the conservation center, we walked the 1 3/4 miles along the path to marker 16 (which we could see from our car), walked the 34 paces south/southeast, found the fallen log, and....nothing! We were so disappointed. We definitely climbed all over the log, peeking under and over it. Nothing. Oh well. At least we didn't go drastically out of our way to find it. Oh, and the music at The Office sucked a whole lot of arse. Just a side thought there. I think the thread about the Dance Your Ass Off thing must've been posted prematurely - or without the correct info - cos when I got home, it was definitely gone. urlLink Color Me Mine was fun as usual. We went there after lunch at this Greek diner called The Olympic - it was apparently voted "One of the Best Greek restaurants in Crystal Lake." My question is - how many Greek restaurants ARE there in Crystal Lake? Not many, I'm thinking. Lunch was v nice - I had chicken salad, Eva had a chicken fajita thing that was apparently terrific. We talked about death things - not in a morbid way - in a taking care of business, what if sort of way. One of those things you have to do as an adult. Anyway, urlLink Color Me Mine was lovely. I painted a tumbler for Nate and a soap dish/spoon rest for me. Fish on both. Maybe I'd be more creative if I didn't stick to fish. Eva painted a pitcher to match her dishes. We just got home a little bit ago - and there are 8 messages on my answering machine! 8! I didn't think it could count that high. urlLink Newman , looking for fun - urlLink Mary J inviting us to an authentic Mexican Tres de Mayo party with an authentic Mexican. Sounds like fun!

 Proof positive that my friends and I are just a little bit retarded: The worst of it? Jen was stone sober! Tomorrow Eva and I are embarking on our urlLink letterboxing adventure. I'm a little anxious, but it should be fun. We're definitely going to the urlLink Harvard box and perhaps the urlLink Evanston urlLink boxes as well. Oh, and to urlLink Color Me Mine to paint ceramics. Not sure what I'm going to do - maybe a fish cup for Nate? Tonight I was supposed to go to the Honors Party but blew it off in favor of dinner with mom at Basil Cafe - swordfish! She told me all about the macaroni & cheese journal that she and Eric are keeping. Cracks me up.

 It's v quiet around here without Nate, well, except for the clacking of the keyboard and the cats tearing around. I had a lot planned for tonight - watching urlLink the extended version of Lord of the Rings , writing letters, taking a bath - but none of that really happened. I got the table cleared off though! Eva and I have big plans for the weekend - but now she doesn't know if she's going to have a sitter, so we'll see what happens. I can't decide if I want a super busy weekend or a nice quiet one.

 What a terrific weekend. Back to work was was hard this morning - not the waking up and going part, just the getting to work and doing things other than zone out part. urlLink Eva and I have been emailing back and forth all day bemoaning that same fact - the back to work blahs, the wish we were still there blues. Thursday: urlLink Eva and I were scheduled to leave around 10:00am to meet my grandparents for lunch in Davenport. I went to get my oil changed and my car checked around 9:30, expecting it to take half an hour as usual. It took Pep Boys an hour, so we didn't actually get on the road until 11. Grr. Lunch and nap in Davenport while Gram and Gramp go to a dear friend's funeral. We stayed until about 4, then headed to Iowa City, where we checked in at the urlLink B&B , then went in search of dinner. It was a gorgeous night, sunny and cool, and we were literally three blocks from downtown. We ate at Atlas World Grill - I had a potato garlic soup and molten brie with a sun dried tomato basil tapenade - urlLink Eva had sesame sea scallops. A new discovery - mojitos! It was wonderful to sit and talk and absorb the sun and peoplewatch. We stopped at urlLink Prairie Lights , then headed back to the urlLink B&B . urlLink Eva went to bed early, so I went back to urlLink Prairie Lights and bought a fun blue journal. Friday: Breakfast at the urlLink B&B was awesome. We had sugared berries, bran muffins with a citrus glaze, sausage, and french toast with coconut and homemade syrup. Nila chatted with us for an hour, then we headed out to start our urlLink letterboxing adventure. We wandered around downtown and went to the library - and lunched at urlLink one twenty six - I had a roast chicken sandwich with brie and apples and a spring green salad - urlLink Eva had Maryland crab cakes and potato garlic soup. Yum. I had a glass of La Terre Merlot - 2002 - pretty good, despite the fact that I don't like Merlot. urlLink Eva had pecan pie and I had a Key Lime pie - the first I've had since 1993. After lunch, somewhat warm and full, we looked for and found urlLink the Black Angel letterbox - our first! Hooray! After lunch and letterboxing, we got a little bit lost around the campus, this being my first time driving in Iowa City. I knew where I needed to be - I just didn't know how to get there! We hung out with my aunt Ann and her siblings and nieces and nephews - her nephew Kevin was getting married, so the whole (HUGE) family was around. Ann recommended urlLink Devotay for dinner, so we went there for tapas. YUM. We shared a liter of sangria and four different tapases (sp?). We had a portabella mushroom roasted with garlic and balsamic vinegar, shrimp and scallops grilled with lime and butter, chicken salad with pears and apples, and crostini with an artichoke spread. Everything was WONDERFUL. By the time we finished dinner we were a little tipsy - so we passed on driving and walked the mile to City Park to see urlLink A Midsummer Night's Dream at the Riverside Theatre. It was a lot of fun - the play, not the walk. The costuming was unique and non-traditional - and I really felt that it made the plot accessible. I loved it. By the end of the play we had sobered up a little - and were ready for the 1 1/2 mile walk back. By the time we got home we were hobbling a little bit - and definitely crashed right away. Saturday: 9am breakfast came too too early - fresh fruit, banana bread from the Farmer's Market, waffles with sugared fresh fruit and ice cream, and glazed ham balls. Nila was very excited about the urlLink letterbox and encouraged us to plant our own. We laid around until noon, when we met my aunt Nancy at the Peking Buffet in Coralville. The food was excellent - I had something called a sesame ball - yum! We chatted for a couple of hours - Nanc gave me my graduation present, a FABULOUS urlLink fountain pen . After lunch and some tearwater tea, we went to the Indian grocer and Reminisce, this great scrapbooking store, then headed out to urlLink the Amana colonies . urlLink Eva had some good finds - I bought blackberry wine and some local beer. We came back to Iowa City for dinner - we went to urlLink Givanni's and after passing the door test had a WONDERFUL meal. We both had a Ravenswood sampler - three half glasses of Ravenswood Zinfandel 2000 from three different vineyards. It really made the tasting experience - you could compare the three wines at the same time and throughout the meal. We shared a molten goat cheese appetizer, then I had spinach ravioli with shrimp and a lemon dill sauce - urlLink Eva had a wonderful mushroom pasta. We left utterly stuffed - and then crashed Ann's nephew's wedding reception. Kevin and Josie looked mildly alarmed, but as they'd forgotten some other cousins, it wasn't a big deal. We all cried at the toasts. It was so sweet. I got a chance to chat with my uncle Tom and to see my little cousins Vic and Maureen run around - then we headed back to the urlLink B&B . mmmmm. Sunday: Not even hungry when breakfast came around - fresh fruit, a sticky bunnish sort of thing, kielbasa, and applecakes. We planted urlLink our letterbox and did a bit of urlLink coop tourism , then reluctantly headed back to Davenport to have brunch with my grandparents at the Outing Club. We stayed in Davenport until late afternoon - then headed home. We were both a bit blah and not wanting to be alone, so we got sushi at Nippon and called it a night. What a wonderful weekend. There's so much more to say - things we talked about, Connor's funny toast and Kevin's sweet and sad one, the bathtub of my dreams, waking up in her arms and then this morning aching because she wasn't there, reading and silence and just being together in such a fun place, the ache of being so far away from people I love so much, amazing food, and a weekend that was all I could've asked for.

 My weekend was wonderful. Absolutely wonderful. Lots of good food, lots of time with my family, lots of walking and sun - and most importantly, lots of time with urlLink that girl I love . I'll write more when I have time tomorrow - right now I have to get unpacked and make my home presentable. I miss her already.

 Oak Park was a fucking blast. I had a terrific time with urlLink Newman and her friends - it was so nice to just hang out. We went swimming, did part of the Frank Lloyd Wright tour (complete with running through sprinklers), ate some good food, and just chilled. Her gato is adorable and her apartment really suits her. I'm glad she's happy with where she's at, for the most part. It's a start, at least. And tomorrow urlLink Eva and I leave for Iowa City. I'm nervous but it should be fun. My family is all very eager to see us. We're going to Shakespeare in the Park one night - Midsummer's Night's Dream. Tonight I got some super fab geisha sandals for $8 - wel, they were supposed to be $8 but rang up at like $12. Argh. Guess I get to run back to Target in the morning. I also get to have an oil change - my "service engine soon" light came on yesterday when I left, so I've spent the last 36 hours panicking about that. I'm sure it'll be fine - I just want to make sure all that I can do is put in order. Well, bedtime calls - I hate sleeping away from Nate and I won't see him until Monday. :( Sleeping next to her will be wonderful, though not the same. I'm not sure if our place will have internet access or not (gasp, I can't live without it), so I may be away for a few days. If you're bored, please refer to my links on the right (or read urlLink Harry Potter , dammit). :)

 Missed a day yesterday - sorry. About mid-morning I decided that if I stayed at my (hot and humid) apartment, I would be required to Get Things Done - so instead I went to my parents', did laundry, and swam for most of the afternoon. No funny sunburns this time, just free lunch from urlLink A Movable Feast , free laundry (even though I ruined one of Nate's shirts), and water and sun. We watched urlLink Swimming with Sharks last night after a second friend recommended it, saying it was hilarious. About halfway through the movie, I asked Nate if he wanted to turn it off cos it was depressing me. At the end of the movie, we both looked at each other and said "Did we watch the right movie?". I saw nothing funny about it - and the reviews I just read on urlLink amazon seem to agree with our reaction. About half the people who reviewed the movie loved it; the other half were dismayed. Maybe we missed the punchline? The garage sale ended up decent. I made $23.25 - I owe urlLink Mary J some money for the ad, which I completely forgot to give her yesterday. I'll have to pay her the next time I see her. We loaded up my car with all the Salvation Army stuff - I drive a Nissan Sentra - a reasonable sized car - and it is packed to the roof with stuff. It didn't help that I haven't unloaded the computer stuff from my trunk - but really, there wasn't much left to go, so I'm not too worried. Today I'm headed to Oak Park to see urlLink Newman . I've been to her new place, but never for more than half an hour when we were picking her up or dropping her off. It'll be nice to see her 'hood and meet some of her friends. Oh, and I got urlLink Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - urlLink Eva loaned me her copy as she's already done. It's soooo good, and I'm just on chapter 4. I can't believe it's here already - but then I've been anxiously waiting for it since 2000, when I read all four books in a week. I can't believe there are just two left!!!

 One of these "vacation" days I hope to sleep in. Maybe tomorrow. In about 20 minutes I need to leave to go help urlLink Mary J with the garage sale. It'll be nice to be outside - but I'm worried about bugs and sunburn. This time at least I'll be prepared. :) I hope my crap is selling - we've got SO much computer stuff at SUCH rock bottom prices - I mean, an entire Mac (granted it's 6-7 years old) for $20 . Who WOULDN'T buy a fully functioning maybe first computer for $20 ? I hope it all goes. The more that sells, the more spending money I have on my vacation. It sucks to be ghetto poor - it's even worse when you're on vacation. Oh well, I get paid on Friday, and I'll just have to do free fun things until then. Last night was a bust. We wanted to have a spontaneous solstice gala event - but Nate didn't get home from Area 5 until almost 8 - and it would've been ridiculous to try to put something together at that point - it takes half an hour to get the pool ready, we'd get eaten alive, etc. So instead we scraped up a couple of bucks, I made an Uncle Nick's run, Nate picked up Joe, and we sat around and watched a movie. Nate couldn't figure out why I was in a mood - and how do I come right out and say "I wanted to go do something but we're too damned broke!!!!"? Nate's parents went off on him a bit about how broke we are. He was home early on Friday and wanted to go see his dad, who just had cataract surgery. His dad was talking about going for a bike ride, so Nate said "why don't you wait til I get home, then I'll go with you." Dad said that was fine. Well, Nate gets home and calls dad, who said "I don't really want to ride - let's go fishing instead." Nate doesn't have his fishing license yet - he also doesn't have any bait - so he'd need at least $15-20, which we don't have (see above). So he said that he couldn't. N: "I can't go." Dad: "You mean you don't even have $10?" N: "No." Dad: "Well then I don't think you need to be buying a house." N: "Why don't you just let me worry about it." Dad: "FINE." (hangs up) They don't seem to understand that we don't have the discretionary cash that they do. We're really tight - but we're paying all the bills and getting ahead because we know our financial commitments are going to change IN A BIG WAY in a couple of weeks. It's not like we're overdrawn or behind or struggling under a huge amount of credit card debt. We pay our bills, then live off what's left. Sometimes we're really comfortable - sometimes it's really tight. I wish they'd just butt out. Ah well, this rant went a bit long and now I have like five minutes to take a shower and go. Enjoy the weather and HAPPY SUMMER!

 001 When I was one, I got a new baby brother. He's not new any more. 002 When I was two, I liked dropping rocks in puddles. It made a nice noise. 003 When I was three, just before my fourth birthday, we moved to Rockford. 004 When I was four, I got a urlLink new baby sister . She's not new anymore either. 005 When I was five, I started urlLink kindergarten . I told my mom that I had to turn my brain off when I went to school, so... 006 When I was just six, I was moved up to first grade. 007 When I was seven, I was the top reader in my class. The prize? A lousy rubber ball. 008 When I was eight, my classroom had a space theme. I loved it. 009 When I was nine, I had a godawful haircut. No, I won't show you the photo. 010 When I was ten, I nearly drowned. Not a good year. 011 When I was eleven, I wanted to adopt one of those starving kids from Africa (you know what I mean). Then I broke my clarinet and couldn't afford it. 012 When I was twelve, I did lots of things, none of which seem really notable at this point. I think twelve is like that. 013 When I was thirteen, I had a wicked crush on the son of my mom's gynecologist. How weird is that? I also read urlLink Anna Karenina and urlLink Catcher in the Rye . 014 When I was fourteen, I started high school and took an awesome photo for the yearbook. 015 When I was fifteen, urlLink Sarah MacDonald moved in next door. She's from urlLink Canada - and has been my best friend ever since. 016 When I was sixteen, I went to France. I also met an older man with whom I corresponded for two years - and I got my driver's license. I also got a new baby brother - whom I spent the next year vehemently insisting wasn't mine. 017 When I was seventeen, we found out that my mom had breast cancer. I also graduated from high school, met urlLink my future husband , went to urlLink BookExpo , and started urlLink college . 018 When I was eighteen, I lost my virginity, came out to my friends, and moved in with urlLink my boyfriend , then broke up with him. 019 When I was nineteen, urlLink my boyfriend and I got back together. I moved into my own apartment, he followed, and I started sleeping with urlLink my other best friend (not Sarah) . 020 When I was twenty, I went to urlLink London for three months. My heart never fully came back. 021 When I was twenty-one, I graduated from college, got engaged, and started urlLink my current job . 022 When I was twenty-two, I fell in love with urlLink my best friend , urlLink got married , and moved to a new apartment. 023 When I was twenty-three....hey, I'm twenty-three right now! 024 My husband and I are in the process of buying urlLink our first home . We close on 11 July 2003. 025 I have two cats. They are both three and are both royal pains. 026 I am a confirmed urlLink bibliophile . I might go so far as to say that I am a biblioholic. 027 I spend way too much time on the Internet. 028 I work for a large regional bank in their online support department. See #027. 029 My degree is in English. I am not putting it to good use. 030 I'm bored a lot of the time. I seriously think I should get a freelance job to give me something to do. 031 I was a member of the urlLink Honors Program in Liberal Arts in college. 032 I currently live next door to urlLink my sister , who lives upstairs from urlLink my best friend and her daughter. My downstairs neighbors are pretty cool too. 033 My landlord doesn't live downstairs or even nearby - but he's definitely cool. 034 So are most of my coworkers. 035 Especially Dan, who beat me at Trivial Pursuit the other night. Punk. 036 We have an office fish named Vinny. Miss Kate got Vinny last summer, then bequeathed him to the office when she left for Tejas last summer. 037 I miss Miss Kate very much. I don't think Vinny does. 038 Vinny is pretty much a worthless punk who only likes to attack his frog. Oh, and urlLink blog . 039 Our Good Friday BBQ has turned into a very popular party. 040 This year a lot of people ended up playing spin the bottle. This has happened with a startling regularity at recent parties. Don't you wish you could come! 041 My friend Michelle says that the crazy things that happen at our parties are always blamed on her. That's not entirely untrue. 042 My friend Jacquie told me that I'm the consummate hostess. 043 This is Dan's favorite number. Hello Dan! 044 The times I spent in urlLink London were some of the best times of my life. 045 While I was there - rather, while I was in urlLink Paris - I met urlLink The Tea Party at the Elysees Montmartre. 046 I also met my mate urlLink Heidi ! 047 urlLink Heidi and I followed urlLink The Tea Party through France, England and Holland, on the guest list all the while. Unbelievable. 048 I won't lie and say I wasn't utterly miserable a lot of the time. 049 The time I was in London was the longest I've ever been away from urlLink my husband and he'll be the first to tell you I didn't always (or frequently) handle it well. 050 urlLink My roommate Amanda was some sort of saint to put up with me. 051 She and I coined a new word while in Edinburgh: "fubs" 052 A fub is kind of like a dust bunny, only larger. It can also be used as a term of affection. 053 When urlLink Amanda and I went to urlLink Spain , I didn't bathe for three days. 054 Speaking of which, I don't shave my legs very regularly. Like every 4-6 months. urlLink My husband is not a fan of that. 055 I also don't cut my hair very regularly. Like once a year. 056 I'm attracted to skinny white guys. I don't know why. No offense if you're not skinny or white or a guy. 057 I'm obsessed with Trivial Pursuit. Only three people have beaten me. Ever. They are: Erik, Steph, and Dan. 058 Erik mainly beats me because I get totally intoxicated when we play. 059 Erik and I used to drink Jack Daniels and smoke together. Erik doesn't smoke anymore. The last time we played, I was so drunk that I had to call in to work in the morning. 060 I am by birth Christian, by baptism Catholic, and by choice undetermined. 061 I have a few problems with Christian doctrine that keep me from returning. Namely the ban on homosexuality. I can't understand how God would give us a chance at wonderful and remarkable love - then deny it to us. 062 I am currently obsessed with urlLink The Matrix . I was pretty obsessed when it came out originally - and I'm just as obsessed with urlLink the second movie . 063 I think Keanu Reeves is hot. I also think Adrien Brody is hot. Lots of people find my site by searching for Adrian/Adrien Brody + girlfriend. 064 I have had eight jobs. 065 I have had six roommates. 066 I played volleyball for five years. Then I stopped. 067 I was in the choir for eight years. Then I stopped. 068 I have a rather bizarre collection of Peeps. People keep giving them to me and I don't know why. 069 When I was in London, Peeps were the only Easter candy I really craved - and consequently the only Easter candy no one sent me. Maybe that's why people give them to me with such alarming frequency. 070 My favorite authors are Tom Robbins and Douglas Coupland. 071 I massively adore and admire Virginia Woolf and Vita Sackville-West. 072 I am in love with Jeff Martin and Trent Reznor. Oh yeah, and the rest of urlLink The Tea Party . 073 I apparently eat corn on the cob in the strangest way imaginable. Whenever I eat it, people stop and watch. And no, it's not something erotic or phallic. 074 I love cooking and don't do nearly enough of it. 075 I wish I could lose some weight. Unfortunately, see #074. 076 I'm planning on doing urlLink a massive bike ride next summer. 077 My brother has a super cool urlLink girlfriend who doesn't update her blog nearly often enough. 078 I wish I got more letters. 079 We eat a lot of Chinese food. There are fortune cookie fortunes all over our apartment. 080 I like making photo collages. The side of my refrigerator is covered in photos and clippings. I don't want to take it down. 081 I have a ridiculously odd sense of humor. 082 I really, really like wearing vinyl. My red vinyl dress is perhaps the best thing I own. Or maybe my catsuit, but I've never really worn that anywhere. 083 I used to be more of a hippie than I am now. 084 I guess you could call me a conservative Democrat. My husband is a liberal Republican. Sometimes that works out, sometimes not. 085 I like urlLink Tom Jones . It's a London thing. 086 I think most of these urlLink quizzes are totally ridiculous - but it's nice that there's a site like this for people with GOOD quizzes. 087 I used to have my own webring associated with my old hosting domain (coquette.org). It was called (muted) and was for all the girls on the domain and the mailing list. Somewhere along the lines we lost touch - most of us at least - and the domain went away. 088 I really like urlLink The Naked Chef even though he has given his daughters really lousy names. Daisy Boo? 089 My parents have been together since they were 16. That's 34 sets of birthdays. I can't even imagine that. 090 It makes me really, really mad when people don't take responsibility for their actions. 091 I love water. I love being in the water. I love swimming, bathing, sailing (I guess that's technically ON the water), etc. 092 When I was in junior high, I really wanted to be a cheerleader. Then it occured to me that I'm not really that coordinated. 093 I would like to live in a place where I didn't need a car. I miss the terrific public transportation in London. 094 I have a wind-up nun that shoot sparks out her mouth. 095 I have twenty minutes of work left today. 096 I was vegetarian for six years, then I started eating chicken and turkey again. I recently started eating pork products. Last night I had my first brat in at least eight years. I haven't had any beef since I was 15, if not younger. 097 I have too much crap on my desk. 098 I really, really like getting flowers. Or unexpected urlLink gifts . 099 When I was in eighth grade, my friend drew a picture of an elephant and a small mouse for me. I still have it on my desk at my parents' house. 100 I'm very tired of composing this list.

 Hope no one's put off by the loooong entries. If you are, well, watch out cos I'm working on 100 things. I'm at work until 3, I've already read all my everyday blogs, none of my good friends are working - or online for that matter - with the exception of urlLink Eva , who goes home in an hour and a half. BORED. That's becoming a bit of a theme, eh? As of 3:01pm, I am ON VACATION . Woooooo. Tonight's plans include packing up my office (home, not work), as I think I can achieve that in an afternoon - and then that's less work next week. Nate's running a match all day, so he won't be home til early evening, when I think we're going to have a spontaneous Solstice gala. We wanted to use my parents' pool, but I don't know if that'll work out cos they're coming home tonight. Tomorrow I'm helping urlLink Mary J with the garage sale, then relaxing. Maybe I'll get rid of this wacky suntan. I'm supposed to go see urlLink Newman on Tuesday, but I haven't heard anything from her, so I don't know if that's happening. I am SO looking forward to NOT being at work. It's not that I don't like what I do - it just gets to be a bit much at times. It should be a fun couple of weeks in online support - I'm gone this week, Dan's gone next, then we're back a week, then conversion. Aaaah! The only thing I'm really bummed about work-wise is that the new (and hot) guy starts on Monday and I won't get to see him. :) I'm listening to urlLink Haunted and remembering all the weekends in the car driving up to Wausau to see Eva, windows down, smoking and singing, watching the fields fly by. I'm glad I don't have to make that drive any more, but once in a while it was nice to just get in the car and go. And urlLink Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix comes out today. urlLink Eva already has hers and I'm wicked jealous. I didn't preorder it cos I always get my kids' books at Wonderland - it's a loyalty thing - and now that the day has come, I don't have the cash to get it. Let's hope I made some good money at the garage sale today.

 urlLink The Friday Five : 1. Is your hair naturally curly, wavy, or straight? Long or short? Long and straight and THICK 2. How has your hair changed over your lifetime? Lengths and colors have changed, but that's all me. It was super curly when I was born, but that went away after my first haircut. It was even black once, but that was NOT voluntary. 3. How do your normally wear your hair? It's normally down until the early afternoon, at which time I pull it back cos it's finally dry and it's starting to annoy me. 4. If you could change your hair this minute, what would it look like? BLUE and even thicker and wicked sexy 5. Ever had a hair disaster? What happened? My roommate helped me dye my hair my sophomore year of college. She had really short hair and was used to just dyeing the roots. I had really long hair. Do you see the problem? I had a red ring on my head. It was awful. I wore a hat until my other friend could fix it. Today will be a long day. We had a staff meeting from 7-8, then I went home and napped for an hour, coming back at 9:30 to work til 7. UGH. At least I feel more human than when I came in before. Mmm nap.

 Headache is better - thanks for asking - due to the cessation of the cubicle construction and lunch in my quiet and cool apartment. I'm definitely making last night's meal again - my apartment still smells of garlic, tomatoes, and fresh herbs. Yum. I'm out of it - have been for a couple of days. Not sure why. It really bothers N when I get into a funk and can't identify why. Things are on my mind that I can't openly or easily discuss in this forum or really any. I want someone to see into my mind and accept and understand the things I'm thinking without calling me a whore or worse. And it's not about sex and I'm not going to talk until I'm ready and have figured it out - but thanks for asking. What are the politics of removing someone from your "everyday" list? I know urlLink Ursula 's done this a couple of times since I started reading her site - generally something to do with blogroll and too many links, etc. I'm kind of in the same boat. There are a few sites - and not yours - in my "daily" list that I just don't read anymore. I hope no one's offended - but after all, my blog, my links, blah blah blah. Two days til Harry Potter. Two days til vacation. I can hardly wait, though I'll have little time to relax. My vacation begins Saturday at 3:01pm. A brief timetable: Garage sale Cake & ice cream with N's parents to celebrate N's dad's birthday Overnight jaunt to Oak Park on Tuesday Tentative inspection appointment Wednesday Meeting with the urlLink Friends of the Rockford Library people regarding running the bookshop Lunch with my grandparents en route to Iowa City Three nights at a B&B with urlLink Eva I also need to pack for the trips and pack for the move and clean the apartment and somewhere in there find time to relax. I want to finish urlLink The Map of Love this week too. I think part of my problem is that I feel like I'm not connecting. I'm not connecting with what I'm reading. I'm exhausted all the time. I just feel - out of touch. Maybe a few days off will help.

 They are assembling fucking cubicles right behind my desk. It is ridiculously loud, making it impossible to hear the customers on the phone or to concentrate on anything other than my now-raging headache. I wasn't too hungover when I woke up this morning - but I'm certainly hurting now. I think I'm going to take 15 minutes to read about urlLink changeling badgers and hope the noise goes away.

 Theory #1 regarding what Elizabeth's been doing with her free time: writing for CosmoGirl under the name urlLink Mark Montano. . Sorry guys, it isn't me. He did hit the party dead on, though - spin the bottle, fondue, heads on sticks, etc. A quality evening. Food was terrific, Ria brought a Linos' salad - yum - and Dan and Scandalous Pants brought Schmitt Sohne Riesling. Trivial Pursuit was long and drawn out but terrific fun as usual. Dan beat me - that's a first - well, a third. Erik beat me a few times and Steph's beat me once (I think). All in all, a good time. Wow, I'm surprisingly coherent for drunken blogging. Should try this more often! Well, off to send drunk emails. Yum. To get on my drunk email list, drop me a urlLink line .

 It is hot out. I suppose that's sort of a given as it is June and I am in the Midwest, but it's just hot out. Not overwhelmingly sweltering - that comes later - just the damp hot of the first few days of summer. The solstice is this weekend - I suppose I shouldn't have expected any less. At least I have an excuse to wear my new dress - black with flowers and thin straps and a floaty sheer thing. I love it. Tonight am making Spaghetti with Sweet Cherry Tomatoes, Marjoram, and Extra Virgin Olive Oil from urlLink Happy Days with the Naked Chef . I heart Jamie Oliver. yum... Anyway, Nate's not enthused but I think it will be good - light and cheap - on a hot night like tonight. Our closing is set for 10:00am on Friday, 11 July. I'm wicked excited. Shit, gotta call the inspector. More from me later.

 There is a very strong chance that today I will literally be bored to death. urlLink A fun game . Dan beat it. I didn't. Getting somewhere with urlLink Villa Incognito . I went from urlLink people having sex with their siblings to urlLink people having sex with shape-shifting badgers . Man, do I have weird taste. Tonight: shrimp on the barbie, cleaning, and ice cream? Tomorrow: day off, replete with a trip to the post office, more cleaning, garage sale prep, and not-pub quiz at my house with Ria, Dan, and Ms Scandalous Pants. Why is there a cop in my office? Oh, and HAPPY BIRTHDAY urlLink MISS KATE !!!!

 I will attribute this funk to it being Monday. I don't have any other explanation. I'm just exhausted and all I want to do is go home, eat spaghetti, and spend time with my husband. urlLink I hate the show American Idol because so many people are willing to vote for something that doesn’t mean a damn thing yet they refuse to vote in government elections. I couldn't agree more. That hadn't occured to me, but now it's making me SO angry. Had a dream recently that I slept with someone new - and then overheard him telling a mutual friend that "she was really good, as long as you didn't look at her body." I don't remember anything about the sex in the dream, so I didn't even have the consolation of a good time. I woke up feeling dirty and awful. I haven't been able to quite shake that thought. I guess all the reassurance in the world won't change the things your mind says in the darker hours. One more hour and I can go home.

 My urlLink ebay auctions have ended. Total amount earned = $35.98. Total costs (shipping, confirmation, ebay fees) = 28.56 (approx). Net gain = $7.42. Hmm, that was almost worth it. Oh well, that's $7.42 I didn't have yesterday. Sometimes Madison seems like another world. Nate and I sat at a window table at the Nepali restaurant, watching passersby, people on bikes and skates in the middle of the street, other diners eating at tables out on the sidewalk. It was just - I don't know. It's the sort of thing I miss about London, about Paris, about Europe in general. Being able to sit there and watch life go by, so to speak. I've been thinking about Spain a lot, thanks to the urlLink Picasso book. Don't know where I'm going with that - I've just been thinking about it. Somehow I ended up with a bizarre sunburn. We went to this car show with Nate's parents yesterday - my top had a keyhole neckline, and I was wearing a big pendant. It now looks like I'm wearing a sunburn necklace. Good times. Just wish my shoulders would stop burning. At least we got a swim in with my parents. Not much else to report. I'm working Saturday, so I have to work longer hours today - 8-6. Blah. I'm anxious to get out of here and just go home.

 In preparation for our latested harebrained scheme, we went bike shopping today at urlLink Erik's Bike Shop in Madison. Why do I need an urlLink entry level race bike ? Because Nate and I have decided to do the urlLink RAGBRAI next July and need to start training. Part of the preparation involves getting gear, as neither of us have bikes. We picked up a $20 bike for Nate at a garage sale today - it's not the best, but it's something to train on until we get urlLink his bike . I'm getting a urlLink Specialized Allez Sport . Pretty incredible. I rode it around the parking lot, scraped my shin up, and didn't fall off - a good start! Tomorrow I'm borrowing a street bike from my parents so I can train until the real thing arrives in a few months. I'm wicked excited - and wicked out of shape. I'm looking forward to the changes in my body that miles and miles of riding will bring. After Erik's, we went to urlLink the zoo . I haven't been there in at least a year - it was a lot of fun, despite the fact that by the time we got to the big cats and monkeys were already back inside as the zoo as closing. We went down to State Street and wandered around for a while. I bought a dress and a skirt for $10 at urlLink Ragstock , then we had dinner at this Nepali restaurant. Yum. I haven't been there in years - and it was every bit as good as I remembered. Now we're just having a mellow evening at home, which is totally cool with me. Happy Saturday!

 I love summertime. I love it. I'm not so good with the heat, but I love the sun and water and flowers and wearing dresses all the time WITHOUT tights or sweaters. I love that it's 7:02pm and my apartment is still full of light. I have The Doors on - LOUD. My apartment smells like incense and fresh air. Tomorrow we're going to Madison to go to the zoo. We'll eat Nepali food and window shop on State Street - maybe it'll be another magical clothes day - and I'm to get fitted for a bike at Erik The Bikeman's place. Tonight, however, I'm waiting for Nate to get home so we can have dinner at Old Chicago and then go see "Finding Nemo." I'm wicked excited. Would be more excited if he were already here - but that's OK. I've got stuff to do. Still no sign of the damned W2s. I got a copy of ours from 2002 and mine from 2001 - but no sign of Nate's. ugh. Last chance on my urlLink ebay stuff . I think the auctions end tomorrow afternoon. Make me some money! Spent all week talking about curvy girls and thinking improper thoughts. And how did I end up with "Pleasure Slave"? Ahh, summertime, when a young girl's thoughts turn to, well, all kinds of scandalous things. mmm.

 great..... urlLink urlLink Find your Role-Playing Stereotype , and visit urlLink mutedfaith.com . urlLink [Angel.] urlLink The Friday Five : 1. What's one thing you've always wanted to do, but never have? Dye my hair blue. Well, I guess I haven't ALWAYS wanted that - but that's a big want right now. 2. When someone asks your opinion about a new haircut/outfit/etc, are you always honest? I am as honest as is appropriate in the situation. I suppose I am tactful, if not always honest. 3. Have you ever found out something about a friend and then wished you hadn't? What happened? The sexual histories of some of my friends have surprised me. I wouldn't take back that information because it is a part of who they are - it's just surprising. 4. If you could live in any fictional world (from a book/movie/game/etc.) which would it be and why? Candyland? Maybe not. I've never been so involved in a book that I wanted to be in it - at least not a book that took place in a fictional world. 5. What's one talent/skill you don't have but always wanted? I want to speak Spanish and know how to belly dance. That's two. :) Is it too much to ask that my friends be happy?

 If I wasn't so bored, I'm sure I wouldn't take as many quizzes. Conscious self

 I miss urlLink Kate 's little hump day songs. They made hump day more bearable. Instead I'm bored out of my mind, my eyelid is twitching (why does it do that?), and I'm running out of choices for Marry/Shag/Cliff. I've been sitting here playing with my staple remover for the last half hour. Tonight I plan to finish urlLink Middlesex and possibly watch urlLink The Animatrix . It has gotten mixed reviews - so we'll see how it goes. I'm really wondering how urlLink Middlesex won the Pulitzer. Maybe the prize committee has a thing for incest and hermaphrodites? The book has been more engaging than I expected - which should be obvious since I've plowed through it in a week or so - but still not what I hoped. No, that's not true. I hoped the book would be awful so I could write Jeffrey Eugenides off altogether. It hasn't been that bad. I am broke as fuck. How broke is that? Pretty damned broke. As in my check register shows a balance of $.70. I've got money in investments, but I don't have money in my pocket. How does that work out? Payday is Friday. Thank God.

 I must say that I have a LARGE appetite for the absurd. Proof: I've spent the last 20 minutes looking at photos of meerkats and trying, along with Dan, to convince Nicole to get urlLink some meerkats to keep snakes out of her backyard. I thought that just one would be enough to handle the occasional garter snake; however Dan thinks that at least six are necessary. I didn't meant to change the tone this radically. I know yesterday's post was very serious - and I thank all of you for your responses. I'm trying to reach out to my friends in every way I know how - and sometimes the only thing left to do is say what I'm thinking and feeling and let them take it as they will. I'm sorry if the things I have said are overly hopeful or unrealistic - or if they have hurt or offended you. Most of the time my attitude is - my blog, my words, your offence, your problem. This time, however, I'm addressing situations a little closer to home. Speaking of which, we're about a half-step closer to urlLink the house . I met with the urlLink mortgage company today to sign some paperwork - and by some I mean a small novel. I still have to drop off our W2s - but so far, so good! I feel like a terrible wife. I've completely forgotten to pimp Nate's sites out. So here for your viewing pleasure, are his two sites: urlLink cheat death - action sports and adventure urlLink the pursuit of cool - the good life Please check them out, leave him feedback, and have a nice time!

 Where did we get this idea that in order to be a complete person, we have to be in a relationship? This is a FALLACY; unfortunately it's a fallacy that nearly everyone I know has bought into. You are NOT less of a person because you are alone. You are NOT less of a person because the guy or girl you met at work/the bar/the gym/a friend's house doesn't like you or doesn't want to see you again. You are NOT less of a person because after a few weeks/months/years they decide that it isn't working and they don't want to try to make it work. You are YOU, no matter who you are or aren't with. No, I'm not talking about anyone in particular. If you think I'm talking about you, well, maybe I am in part - but this isn't meant to be addressed to anyone in particular. This is meant for all my friends who are hurting - who have been hurt - and who feel that they are diminished because of past relationships or hurts. And I know I shouldn't be one to talk - the girl in two relationships - but it makes me ache to see my friends going through this - hating themselves because they aren't with someone. You are not who you are with. You are not your lack of a relationship. You are not a Singleton who is going to die in his/her apartment and be found, half devoured by Alsatians. Just because you're not in a relationship doesn't mean you aren't LOVED. Please believe me when I say that.

 I listed 17 books on Ebay today. Good times. I came to the realization that they weren't doing me any good - and if they were clothes or anything else that I didn't like, I would've tossed them a long time ago. And no, I'm not just justifying. So urlLink check out my auctions . I also listed a bunch of stuff on urlLink Swappingtons - mainly readers' proofs that I can't in good conscience sell - but can definitely swap! It is SUCH a gorgeous day out. I wish I spent more time outside. N and I just got back from a walk around our new neighborhood - which really isn't that different from our current neighborhood. Eva, Nicki, and I met for the First Hopefully Somewhat Regular Book Club Tea - unfortunately Nippon isn't open for lunch, so we ate at Mary's Market instead. We attempted to discuss urlLink the books but of course got way off track as usual. It's fine, though. We're talking about having a swanky book club dinner party later in the year. Ugh, bills due this week. We're trying to pay off as much as we can before we close - and sometimes that means things are tighter than usual.

 urlLink If you don’t wear daring clothes because you worry about your cattier girlfriends snickering, I suggest you lose those particular girlfriends and replace them with a buttery pair of understanding leather pants. Suck in your gut, yank on the pants, and call your raucous girlfriends, the ones who will whistle and holler at the new rock-star you when they pick you up for a night on the town. Congratulations, sexy thing. You’ve discovered the first of five rules for dressing slutty without feeling slutty. I love it! I relisted urlLink the Peeps today. Maybe I'll actually make something this time. And if you're wondering what "pule" is, urlLink click here . Here are urlLink 10 Habits of Highly Annoying Bloggers . I'm guilty of at least two. And I'm dying of love for urlLink these dishes . If we hadn't just bought all new dishes, well, we might get some with little people or a skyline. Is it time to go home yet? One of these days I'm going to go into a rant about people allowing themselves to become bogged down in relationships or not-relationships that are going nowhere. Maybe not today though. And no, I'm not talking about anyone in particular. Just frustrated that I keep seeing people I care about in hopeless situations.

 urlLink The Friday Five 1. How many times have you truly been in love? IN love? Like rest of your lifetime love? Twice. In love? Like you love the other person? Many times. 2. What was/is so great about the person you love(d) the most? A terrific sense of humor. 3. What qualities should a significant other have? Patience and kindness. 4. Have you ever broken someone's heart? I don't know. I don't think so. I've hurt people, definitely, but I don't think I've broken anyone's heart. 5. If there was one thing you could teach people about love, what would it be? Don't define yourself by who you love. Specifically, don't let your self image become so wrapped up in the idea or reality of being in a relationship that without a relationship you feel you're nothing. This is self destructive and just plain stupid. You are so much more than who you are or aren't with.

 I just took urlLink this geek test and scored a whopping 29.38856%, which makes me a "Total Geek." Both Dan and Clint scored lower than I did. Should this worry me? I scored higher than two guys that apparently have deep if not intimate knowledge of D&D. Wait, I'm blogging about a geek test. Never mind. urlLink Middlesex again better than expected. Ever read or watched something where you KNEW what was coming and just wanted to kick the author/actor/characters in the teeth because they're dragging it out? That's what I feel like right now.

 Card night was fun as always. Sarah was able to join us - as was Eva's mom. How nice! We were anxious that Jean would say something to my mom - but she held her tongue. THANK YOU! I'm going to post the cards over at urlLink vinny's place to save bandwidth here. I feel awful because I'm probably not going to be able to make it into the city for urlLink Amanda's birthday. I didn't make it last year - and this year I just don't have the money. Please forgive me, Newman? I want to be there, but I just don't think I can swing it. I started urlLink Middlesex and thus far it's better than I expected. I read urlLink The Virgin Suicides two years ago and just really didn't like it - so I'm approaching urlLink Middlesex with great trepidation. At least I know I have urlLink Villa Incognito waiting when I finish. Eva started a urlLink blog . I'm sleeping with a tech goddess. :) Will this week never end.......

 I'm irritable and cranky today, and I'm not sure why. You'd think I'd still be elated about the house! I am - I'm just, I don't know. I just feel like I'm in a funk. I think it's the weather. In other news, the offer went really well. The sellers were super nice and asked very politely if they could take a plant or two from the back yard. :) I faxed the paperwork to the lawyer and the urlLink lender today. So far so good. I'm a little anxious about the inspection - I'm just praying everything goes well. My mom got me a couple of charms for my bracelet to celebrate - and urlLink my sister got me a terrific Hello Kitty watch with interchangeable faces. Rock. My project for the week will be to start going through my crap and starting some auctions. I think that's a good plan. I'm soooo tired of moving the same junk over and over and never getting rid of things that are little more than clutter. For me, this does mean getting rid of some books. I have so freaking many books - many of which are beloved friends whom I visit often - but lots are just clutter, things I picked up and didn't like, things that I got for free, etc. Rather than taking up space on my precious and rare shelves, they should be putting money in my pockets!! Nate's parents are coming to dinner tonight. That's probably the main source of my anxiety. It's just...the in-law thing, you know? When Nate called to tell them about the house and mentioned that we'd need to buy a fridge, his mom said we should go get a cheapo one from some discount store. When Nate said that he wanted to buy a new or newer nice side by side one, she said "You don't want that" in a really snappy voice. When he insisted that yes, he did, and that he would buy what he wanted because it was HIS house (really, OUR house but for this case I don't mind), she got huffy and then didn't really talk to him. I don't understand that! I just don't! Is it too much to ask to expect adult behavior from other adults?

 AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!! I just got the call - literally while I was typing - they accepted our offer on urlLink the house . We just have to meet with them to sign the paperwork - and then get things rolling. I'm wicked excited. The weekend was really nice - though it was overshadowed by my anxieties about the offer. The sellers were really nice on Friday - they were very interested in the offer, they were going to meet with the lawyer on Monday, etc - but I was still anxious. Now I guess I can stop worrying about that and start worrying about a lifetime of debt. I spent most of Saturday working on urlLink vinnythefish.com . VERY time consuming. I didn't realize how many emails we girls had swapped over the last couple of months for the urlLink book club . So check it out! urlLink This list made me think. Do I do enough to keep my life in balance? Sometimes I wonder.

 Congrats to urlLink Ursula on her urlLink story in the Chicago Tribune ! How terribly exciting. urlLink This article made me smile a lot. I've read it several times in the last few weeks. urlLink That one is bizarre in a totally fabulous way. If the French tourism industry has really taken that much of a hit, can that mean that airfare will be cheaper too? If so, I'm totally there. And really, you have to check out the urlLink Freemont Project . Some of the poems are wicked brilliant. Tara stopped by last night. She looks imperceptibly older - her face thinner, her carriage better - than when we were in London - but then three years have passed and she has experienced incredible loss. I'm worried about her - but know that she has good people taking care of her. She left late, and I was pretty shaken up. No one was online, urlLink Sarah retired early (I called her as she was getting ready for bed), and Nate was sound asleep - so I called urlLink Shawn . Poor thing - he had to listen to me babble for a long, long time - but I felt much better afterwards and actually slept soundly for the first time in several days. Again, thank god for late night enablers. Today we officially surrender our interest in the apartment. I can't believe it. It isn't quite as heart-wrenching as leaving 130 - but it's still hard. It's always hard leaving a place where you've been happy.

 Wondering what my life would be without her in it. I was on the phone with urlLink Sarah just now - the second of our ridiculous and hilarious convos today - and she said "What would I do without you?" And I stopped and thought about that. Without her I wouldn't have met Nate. Sure, Chris introduced us, but I wouldn't have met Chris cos I wouldn't have been there that night. And I wouldn't have met Eva cos I met her through Nate. And I wouldn't know Joe or Nicki or Dan or Kate or Heidi (for I found Tea Party through him, and Heidi through Tea Party) or the Champaign kids or Landlord Mark or Dustin or half the people I know or have known these last nine years. These circumstances are most curious. Subject #1 - urlLink Sarah Year of introduction - 1994 Fact of Some Note - urlLink Sarah once cut her front lawn with scissors. I met urlLink Sarah in 1994 when she moved in next door to me on Pepper Dr. Her family was in the process of emigrating from Canada. They had no furniture, no jobs, no stuff. I was just thrilled that after all these years there was finally a girl my age living nearby. We - the whole gang of neighborhood kids and I - went to her front door to invite her out to play baseball. The rest, as they say, is history. A few choice urlLink Sarah anecdotes: Somewhere there is a photo of the bunch of us in a "human pretzel." This is NOT what you think. It is, instead, the lot of us - urlLink Sarah , Jason, Dustin, me, Little Jason(?), Noelle, Vito, Pete - all in urlLink Sarah 's yard, some on chairs, some on the ground - all connected. Last spring when I couldn't talk without crying, she came and sat on the hideabed with me and we ate ice cream and talked about sex and I felt like she saved me. After prom my senior year, urlLink Sarah , Jason, Dustin, Emmi, and I went to Madison for the day. We went to the zoo and Ella's and Ragstock, where we found myriad beautiful things. Everyone swapped clothing, and we took a fabulous photo. The stillness matters as much as the action. Sitting on her couch in October with her and Hannah watching Young Frankenstein - urlLink Sarah talking on the phone, Hannah doing homework, and me writing letters. It is enough. Some things I love about her: She isn't afraid to tell me the truth, even if she doesn't know if it's appropriate. We can go weeks - months even, though that's not recommended - without talking and still pick up where we left off. She has the purest and most amazing heart and is fiercely loyal to those she loves. She and I share a voracious appetite for the utterly ridiculous. There is so much more - but for the sake of space and privacy, I will stop at this - she is my best friend, and I love her dearly. My life would be a wasteland without her in it.

 I just reread urlLink this article and it made me think about conventional views of monogamy. The article is kind of sucky - it suggests that not-monogamy can work, that it might even be ideal - but then it goes on to say "if you're looking for your soulmate, click here..." Blah. Maybe that article isn't so great after all. I guess it's the word 'fidelity' that I get hung up on. I believe in different forms of fidelity - just like there are different forms of desire and love. At its most basic level, fidelity means faith - trust. urlLink Merriam Webster goes on to define it as allegiance, loyalty, and devotion, among others. So fidelity doesn't necessitate monogamy. That's my lesson for the day. I'm not going to pretend that my life - my lifestyle - is for everyone. But it is what it is - it is my life.

 Another night of next to no sleep. I've just been - restless - and not ready to go to bed when N is, which is a hard thing. I know he hates going to bed alone - but I hate sleeping for an hour, maybe two, then being wide awake. Thank god for late night friends. Talked to urlLink Shawn for a long time about FaceTime in my waking midnight hour(s). About how strange it is to know someone so intimately just through their written words - be it letters or emails - even over the phone - yet not have their physical presence. I thought of this in terms of my friendship with Heidi - I've known her three years, but in all that time have spent a total of about two weeks with her - six days in Europe following Tea Party, including the night I met her when I impetuously invited her to London. I didn't see her for two and a half years after that - until she flew in from the UK for my wedding. I was so worried that things would be weird - I knew her so so well but had spent so little time WITH her - but things were terrific. The more time I spend online talking to people I vaguely know in the "real world," the more anxious I become about FaceTime. And all this just makes me want to read urlLink Microserfs again. No pub quiz tonight. Ria forgot and I'm ghetto po' - so I guess that works out OK. Apparently Nate and Eva hate my website. They don't like that their entire lives are out there for everyone to see. I suppose this is a reasonable complaint; however I wish they'd said something earlier. I will make an effort not to talk about them - but it will be difficult as those are two of the most important relationships in my life. Didn't get the cleaning done last night - I scrubbed and mopped and carried out garbage until 10:30, then gave up and went home. I was totally filthy. For awhile I felt totally ghetto Whitebread world style - you know the scene in urlLink American Beauty when Annette Bening is cleaning the house in her underwear? That was me, on my hands and knees, scrubbing the floor and sweating it out next to naked. Good times. It's always a quality cleaning session when you get home covered in grease. Thank god I'll really be done tonight.

 I'm the sort of hungry where I feel like I'll be sick if I don't eat soon. Chicken nuggets, why are you so far away? I generally go to lunch at 1 - I might have to go earlier today. Started rereading my novel last night. There are parts that are just astoundingly bad (c'mon, I needed 50,000 words!) - and other parts that take my breath away. It's so personal and tacky and, oh, I don't know. I wish it were more, just like I wish my blog were more - but it's the story that was in my heart - and contrived as it is, I'm proud of it. The move is almost done. I cleaned our stuff out of the attic last night while N checked on urlLink Eva . I wanted to go over there but it didn't feel right. We have an astounding amount of garbage - hope Landlord Mark doesn't get charged extra for it! I have one more load for my car - just some small boxes and the cleaning supplies. Strange to think we'll be done with it tonight. Nate has to arrange to have the Jeep towed - and I have to figure out how to put our bikes in my car or just ride them over - and that's it. I don't feel the same sort of grief I felt when we left 130 - but then we were only here a year. I'm wearing my favorite purple peasanty shirt today. I found it in the attic on Sunday - hoorah! This morning as I was getting dressed I remembered the first time I wore it to work - I was still at Barnes & Noble - I wore this top with a broomstick black skirt and a pentacle - my hair was still long long - Aron commented that I was a witchy-woman, very Stevie Nicks. Not sure why that's stuck with me - memories like that make me miss the heyday of the bookstore.

 And I'm haunted By the lives that I have loved And actions I have hated I'm haunted By the promises I've made And others I have broken I'm haunted By the lives that wove the web Inside my haunted head --poe Eva's moving back to Wausau. I don't know when. She told her boss (my dad) today, who then told my mom, who then told me. I hate finding out things that way. It makes sense financially and personally - but it's also a bit of a slap in the face. I know it wasn't intended that way - but that's what I'm feeling.

 Sitting at the computer at 2:33am watching the minutes tick by, wondering if I should be making a better attempt at sleep. Too many of these nights lately - too much on my mind when I wake to easily return to sleep. Not really up for Harold Bloom at the moment - and a shower or a bath would wake me up more. The interweb is just right.

 Thought for the day: I would really like it if someone marketed a paint color as "blue screen of death." (Yes, I need more sleep.)

 I wish this day was winding down. As it is I have miles to go before I sleep - specifically another half hour of work, then cleaning at the apt, taking N to the doctor, going to the grocery, then probably more moving. All I want is to curl up on the futon with urlLink David Denby . Maybe a bath. Maybe sleep. Last night was surprisingly wonderful for a night with no sleep. I sat at the computer in the corner of my office in the dark, chatting with friends in the wee hours of the morning. We exchanged stories - first loves, unrequited loves - and memories. It started to rain, the cool air pricking my skin, reminding me of kisses in the rain, the downpour in DC in '97 - Adam and I spinning 'round and 'round despite the storm warnings, walking through Paris during an April storm. My skin has a memory of its own. I was told I am a good storyteller because my stories, my memories still matter - and that this fact is apparent in the visceral way I remember and relate things. Thoughts of beginnings and endings - and the space in between. In light of these things, I've decided to do some blogging a la urlLink SJ's confessional from Blogathon. She wrote about her lovers, their relationships, what she remembers. I think I will do the same with my friends, that is, if you friend/readers can stand it. I've come to look on my blog as a writing exercise as much as a journal - it really is both to me.

 A new song of the day: Elsewhere. "I've got/ To live my life the way I feel is right for me/ Might not be right for you but it's right for me..." Sunday morning, 8am. The weight of the last few days is on my shoulders, yet it's the small and ridiculous things I want to write about. The urlLink cable guy came yesterday - woohoo! Nate spent half the day backing up and reformatting our computers, then installed our wireless network. The network card tools are about the size of a lipstick. It's incredible! In a true geek fashion, he was in the basement and I was in my office emailing back and forth. Email is the new intercom. Unfortunately Gypsy wasn't as thrilled with the cable guy as we were. She and Gambit both found hidey holes - one much better than the other. We located her clinging to a pipe in the ceiling - but when N went to get her down, she bolted to the other end of the basement - still on the pipe - and retreated to a spot where the ceiling is enclosed from below. I got her down about two hours later - even tuna wasn't enough to lure her out. She's calmed down now - but now we also know her hidey hole and are planning on blocking it off today. Our brand new fridge has decided that it likes having the light on but doesn't like cooling things - so for the second time in one month, we've had to throw away the contents therein. They're coming to fix it tomorrow - and we can file a claim for our lost food (up to $200.00), so that's good. Nicki, Cory, urlLink Jen , and Dan came over Friday night for game night. Eva came for a while with Catherine, then left because she was exhausted and could tell I wasn't having any fun with her there. That wasn't true - but I'll address that in a sec. We drank urlLink Absente for the first time - the less potent version of absinthe now sold legally around here. It's not as potent as the real thing (not that I remember cos I was messed up BEFORE I drank it in London) - but still packed a punch and, oh yeah, tasted like ass. It's definitely a different sort of drunk. The evening went from game night to drunk email night as the six of us piled in my office, some on the floor, some on the desk, some UNDER the desk, and composed bizarre and hilarious emails to various people. But on to the real deal, what's going on. I asked her if we could take a step back because I don't feel healthy where we are. I feel like the distance is only growing - that each good day is one step forward, two steps back. This isn't about me wanting to have fun, this isn't about sex (though what relationship that is physical ISN'T about sex?), this isn't about her marriage or mine. It's about me not feeling right - and it not being fair to her for me to pretend it's right for another month or six month while I figure my head out. I love her - that hasn't changed - I just think the time has come to step back to "friends," at least for now. And obviously she isn't happy - who would be - but I think she's being as brave as one can in these circumstances. She came over on Friday, didn't she? I haven't talked to her since then - I want to, but I don't know what to say. I can't take back the things I said and asked for - and it wouldn't be right if I did. I guess I need some time to figure things out too. Nate's been checking in on her - he said he feels like HE broke up with her - and her sister's taking care of her too. I like her family a lot; now they probably think me a whore. And that's it - that's how I've felt since Friday afternoon when I got back to work after meeting her for lunch. I feel like a whore and an asshole. I know I'm not either of those things - but maybe a part of me would feel better if someone would just tell me that I'm a bad person. Then I could say "Yes, bad people do things that hurt the ones they love. I must be a bad person." But I guess bad or not, I don't deserve to feel good yet. It'll come in time.

 I did something today that I never intended to do. The conversation that we both knew was coming did and it was awful. It was awful to sit there and see her cry and know it was all my fault. I'm sorry.

 N and I talked about sex last night. Might not seem outrageous being that we're married, but it's something I rarely talk about. Once again, that may seem strange because I'm (or I consider myself) such a sexual person. I just don't talk about it. Anyway, we talked about the ways we're different - and I was amused that the ways we're different are so stereotypical for our genders. He's a visual person - and I'm so so mental. It was just funny. We talked for a long time, which was really nice, except that I was exhausted and totally ready to pass out. I noticed this morning that I have made my mark on the house. How's that? Books. Everywhere. In the spare room, urlLink Great Books on a folded quilt with a pencil for a bookmark - I was sprawled there reading last night. In my "office," an edition of Eliot right on top of the answering machine - I was thinking Prufrock for the message. In the bathroom, urlLink The Animal Family - I was carrying it around and must've put it down there. In the living room, among the stacks, urlLink Orlando - I paused in my cataloguing to read. In the kitchen, urlLink The Western Canon - again, must've been carrying it around. I'm making this place MINE, one book at a time. Oh, and for those who have asked, yes, the hole in the street is better. It's all gone, actually, and now they're at work making more holes further up. Good times.

 Doing the right thing is rarely easy. I'm reading urlLink Great Books by David Denby and am frankly swept away. A review from urlLink amazon : As a former classics major, I have followed the debate over the western canon with a great deal of interest. But after slogging through Harold Bloom's urlLink The Western Canon for over a year and a half, this book was an absolute delight. I totally agree! I've been slugging through urlLink The Western Canon for a few days, not a year and a half, and I'm finding Denby a delight. His responses to the books and poems aren't those of a critic or stuffy academic - they are the reactions of a reader. OK, I guess that isn't totally accurate. Denby IS a critic - he has written for The New Yorker, among others - but I guess his responses just seemed more natural than Bloom. He is exhausted, horrified, delighted, bored, etc. It feels like a post-class debriefing with a friend - not a lecture during which you're likely to fall asleep, then get yelled at by the prof. I love it and feel bad that I didn't finish the book the first time I started. Oh, my apologies to those whose emails I cite in entirety or in part herein. Sometimes, as above, I really like the way I expressed something and don't want to try to rephrase it. It's not a crime to self-plagiarize, is it? Joe dropped off his photos from urlLink Sarah and urlLink Hannah 's party - and there are a few of me! How nice to have proof that I was at this party. I think he and Nate felt bad because there weren't ANY photos of me from Good Friday other than Newman's. Lots of photos of Amity this time, just like there were lots of urlLink Jen from Good Friday. Funny how the center of attraction and energy ends up being the source of the most photos.

 The post conversion woes toil on. It's like one issue is fixed - which then causes another one. No 45 page reports, just new changes, new systems, new things to get used to. WE HAVE A WORKING PHONE! . No more trips to the apartment for email and message-checking. Now if cable really gets hooked up on Saturday, we'll be set. Couldn't sleep last night. N wanted to go to bed at 9:30, but I dawdled for a while. Fell asleep right away, but then woke at 2 and laid awake until 2:30 before deciding that reading Harold Bloom might help. Thought about watching "The Hours" but decided I wanted something uplifting to take my mind off, well, my mind. So Harold Bloom, of course! I didn't get much of anywhere other than frustrated. More later. Some nice email this morning. Felt a bit subservient yesterday - calls at work demanding that I pick something up on my way home, demands to cook dinner, demands to come to bed - then when I want to bring over a carload of stuff from the apartment since we were there anyway I get a huffy and tired response so I end up carrying out 2/3rds of the stuff by myself, still in my work clothes. I'm not your fucking slave. I'm not your fucking servant. I'm not your fucking possession. Maybe being around urlLink Sarah 's friends isn't good for my relationship for an entirely different reason: I came home feeling valued and gorgeous and worth something more than as the urlLink angel of the house.

 Let us go then, you and I, When the evening is spread out against the sky Like a patient etherised upon a table; Let us go, through certain half-deserted streets, The muttering retreats Of restless nights in one-night cheap hotels And sawdust restaurants with oyster-shells: Streets that follow like a tedious argument Of insidious intent To lead you to an overwhelming question... Oh, do not ask, “What is it?” Let us go and make our visit. ---"The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock" - urlLink T.S. Eliot What a weekend. urlLink Sarah 's party - drinking and divine dips - the new house - birthday cakes and drinks from Rubbermaid tubs. Sleeping - or not sleeping - on the couch and talking all night of books and music and just about everything else. A burn on my wrist to remind me. "Let us go and make our visit."

 Still no phones. Nothing til Tuesday. It isn't worth my energy today to worry about it. Conversion today - sorry, "system upgrade." Dan and I have been writing up tickets since 9am and will continue to do so for several more hours. It's been a mess so far for us - but technically not too bad. I'm just tired of writing and looking forward to a cold beer at the end of the day. Clint has promised us food &/or drink, which I am much looking forward to. A new tenant signed a lease last night, so we're definitely out by 8/1. Good times. The super good news for us is that we don't have to be as stringent with our cleaning cos Mark will be cleaning too. Oh yeah, there's a GIANT FREAKING HOLE in the middle of our road. No blogging over the weekend as will still have no internet/phone. S'ok, I guess. We're headed to Champaign tomorrow for urlLink Sarah 's swanky do - then more packing.

 AT&T says the earliest they can have our phone hooked up is Tuesday. Tuesday. That's 10 days with no phone service. If we had cable internet, I would seriously think about just ditching the phones - but my mobile is crap and we have no internet. Ugh. So I called SBC. Their local service is $10 more per month than AT&T, but they seemed eager to please. They can't have our phone hooked up until Thursday. That's 7 more days without phone service - 12 days total. I just don't know what to do here. I'm SO ANGRY with AT&T but am pleased with their service otherwise. I'm thinking about SBC, but when we had Ameritech before, our bills were $50 more per month than they are now - plus we'd have to wait an additional two days. I'm not looking forward to talking to Nate cos I know he's going to be furious. Why can't we just have a phone?

 No phone, day five. I'm in the process of placing my fourth call to AT&T. Apparently they can't verify that our house actually exists. I've got a mortgage to prove it does, buddy.

 A friend from college has been on my mind all day. I had a HUGE crush on her when we were in London, but once we got home we sort of drifted apart. I haven't talked to her much lately - in fact, not in at least six months. Last night I had a VERY vivid dream about her - and then this morning I heard that her dad was approved for a position with the urlLink US District Court for Northern IL . I dropped her an email to say congrats and that I've been thinking of her. This afternoon I received a message back from her - after two years together and the beginnings of new things (new jobs, a house together, the promise of a wedding), her fiance just died. I don't know any of the circumstances - but she is utterly lost and devastated and I wish there were more that I could do than just say "I'm sorry." And I guess this just serves as a reminder to me at least not to ignore those thoughts - those feelings. There are times when particular people and places and events seem so close - and maybe that means more than I thought.

 Public Service Announcement #6: Take responsibility for your actions. Addendum: Take responsibility for things that matter to you. Case in point #1: We still don't have phone service at our house. AT&T was supposed to hook it up on Saturday - but then they don't do service calls on Saturday, so it was supposed to be done yesterday. As of this morning we still don't have service - so I called to find out why that is. Apparently there was a problem with licensing the lines - the current owner (SBC?) wouldn't allow it to be set up. Come to find out they were trying to set up 410 SOUTH, not 410 North. After half an hour, the CSR managed to push our service call up from Friday, and we should have phone service tomorrow. I called Nate to let him know this. His response: "I don't care what their fucking reason is. Tell them to get out there and hook it up." My feeling is that they've done what they can, we're getting service tomorrow, and I don't want to sit on hold for another half hour AT WORK to get the same answer. If it matters that much to him, I think he can call. Case in point #2: I apparently got the wrong truck. I called U-Haul and Ryder, got some price quotes, then went with the truck recommended for our size house/apartment with the best price ($19.95/day vs. $55/day). Nate was hopping mad because the truck was too small. It ended up being plenty big - we just had to make three trips (1 mile round trip), which worked out just fine. My feeling in this situation is that if the truck size really mattered that much to him, he should've called two weeks ago when I asked him to make the reservation. Case in point #3: We are terminating our lease on 31 July, one month early. Our landlord will let us out early with the condition that we pay the $30.00 (or whatever) to run the ad in the paper. In the interim, however, he's found a potential tenant, meaning we won't have to pay the money. Unfortunately she wants to look at the place this week - which is totally reasonable, except for the fact that the apartment is a total mess. I have explained this to our landlord, who said that all she wants to see is the actual apartment and that she (the potential tenant) understands that we're moving. I made sure he was sure, then said that we'd meet them over there on Thursday so he can do a walk through with the tenant. Nate is hopping mad because he doesn't think Mark (our landlord) should do this. In this case I really don't know why that matters. I mean, if the property owner is comfortable taking a prospective tenant through an extremely messy apartment, why should we care? It could save us $30 for the ad - so we're only out 15-20 minutes, during which time we can be packing! Hmm. So yes. If there are things that really really matter to you, take responsibility for them. If 3 feet in a moving truck really makes a world of difference to you, then take responsibility for the truck. If filing a claim for $25 worth of lost food in a fridge that had no power due to massive storms is worth it, call the insurance company. If you don't take responsibility for it, don't bitch at me because I don't think it's a priority.

 What a long moving weekend. Many thanks to the following people for all their help: urlLink Mary J , who has known us at all our houses Nicole & Allan, who got the mattress up the stairs when it seemed nearly impossible Chuck & Cousin Joe Krist & Pook for beer, packing, and comic relief urlLink Sarah , who helped us pack Small punk neighbor Clay & his cadamite Matt urlLink Jen , the ultimate porch monkey Rachel, who babysat the house when we were waiting for the fridge and of course to Joe, who was there the whole time and did so so so so much to help. Closing went well, despite the fact that we were late. After the title co/mortgage co mix up, we decided to just go early. We went for our walk-through, then went to the title co, where we were told the closing was at 11. N and I went to breakfast, then got back at 10:20 to discover that everyone was wrong and that the closing was actually at 10. UGH. Oh well, we signed the paperwork and got everything taken care of. The move was relatively uneventful. Lots of bodies meant lighter work. Joe, Mary, Nicole & Allan helped on Friday with moving the packed boxes and our bed. Allan and Nate had to FORCE the mattress up the stairs. Thank God for strong boys. My mom brought us lunch, and Nate's parents stopped by in the evening. Nate's parents it's "not bad for a starter house." We're not entirely sure what they mean by that, but our theory is that we just don't have enough marble. urlLink Jen also thought they might be referring to our lack of clay tennis courts. Sorry to disappoint. We made a run to Home Depot and Wal-Mart, then crashed for the night. I can't remember the last time I was that exhausted. Saturday I unpacked the kitchen and waited around for the cable guy to show up while Nate went to rescue carless Joe. The cable guy didn't show - I really think he went to SOUTH Chicago Ave as the company said he came, knocked, rang the doorbell, then left a door tag saying he'd been there. We have a lot of doors - but there's no note and I KNOW I would've heard someone knocking or ringing the bell. Now we won't have cable til 7/26. Ugh. To add insult to injury, our phone which was to be switched on Saturday wasn't done - it's to be done today, I guess. We were HOPPING MAD. Rachel came over and babysat the house so Nate and Joe could pack and I could run errands - then the fridge showed up. I nearly cried with joy - after two cancelled service calls, it was almost too much to hope for that the fridge would come. :) More moving in the afternoon and evening - all the big furniture is there. Chuck & Cousin Joe helped - I watched Christopher, who is totally enamored with ceiling fans. Nate & Joe rescued the neighbors' escaped pitbull, who ended up staying with us overnight as her owners weren't home. Chinese food for dinner, then Jen, George, and Tina stopped by. We sat out on the porch til 12:30, then we HAD to crash. Sunday morning was really, really nice. We took the dog for a walk - I had a cup of tea - the sun was shining and the neighborhood was waking up. It hit me - this is OUR house now. This is OUR neighborhood now. This is OUR life now! Funny how a little thing like a walk with a rescued dog will bring those things home. Nate picked up Joe, then Krist & Erika came over around noon to help. Mom, Pop, & Eric brought us lunch - I felt horribly rude eating while Krist & Erika watched - but we were hungry! :( We got a lot done - Erika & I packed, then the boys helped unpack. We spent the greater part of the afternoon cracking up at stories so bizarre that if they weren't coming from Krist, we simply wouldn't believe them. The kitties arrived - they're not really sure of their surroundings, but I'm sure they'll be OK. The Lindens made the (long - ha) trip over for ice cream - then we crashed. So we're in. Lots to do still - piles and cleaning and so much work - but the house is ours. Frankly, I can't tell you how nice it is to sit on my bum and not be walking up and down stairs.

 As with last week, somehow the urlLink Friday Five is less important to me than the weekend, so I'm switching the entries around: 1. Do you remember your first best friend? Who was it? My first best friend was Diana Mowbray. We were best friends in 1st grade on through some of grade school. 2. Are you still in touch with this person? Nope. When I see her we chat, but we're not really friend any longer. 3. Do you have a current close friend? I have a number of close friends! For the sake of argument, I will use my oldest "close" friend: urlLink Sarah . 4. How did you become friends with this person? urlLink Sarah moved in next door when I was 14. That was 9 years ago and we're still really really close. 5. Is there a friend from your past that you wish you were still in contact with? Why? I miss being friends with Kevin - but it isn't worth the heartache to try to make that friendship work because he's obviously not interested.

 house of winds is on moving hiatus. (read: the cable company didn't show and the phone company didn't do their job) back for more on monday, 14 july 03.

 If everything goes well, I will be a home owner within 4 hours. We will be moving all weekend, so updates may be few and far between. Think of us!

 I'm just exhausted. It's 6am and I'm wide awake - and this never happens. I'm the one that can't be dragged out of bed until 45 minutes before I have to be somewhere, if then. I guess I'm just stressing about the move. urlLink Sarah came over and helped us pack last night - we made lots of progress! The kitchen is all but empty, as is the bathroom and the big big closet. Most of what remains in the attic is already packed - or large enough that it doesn't need a box. Our landing is completely full of boxes. I have to make a box raid today - I still have many of the boxes from Nicole; however many of them are just too too large for heavy things like books and paper and pots and pans. So if we're in such good shape, why am I stressing? I think it's the money thing more than anything else. I know we can afford this house - we thought long and hard and budgeted to make sure of it - but now that we're actually down to it, my stomach is doing a few flips at the thought of a lifetime of debt. And I'm sure we'll be fine once we make it through the first couple of months - but it's the start up that's freaking me right now. Paying for the truck, the fridge, the cable installation, the paint or wallpaper. Refilling our now nearly empty fridge and freezer (aftermath of the storm more than anything). Homeowners, how do you get over this? Do you just grit your teeth and know you'll make it through? Ah well. I should be using this time to get more packing done. P.S. Yesterday was my 200th entry. Just thought I'd share.

 Up until a few years ago (read: 2000), I thought I was a Republican. Honestly, I wasn't even registered to vote until I was 21. I'm not proud of that fact. I didn't vote in the 2000 elections because I wasn't registered - and when it got to the time of the elections, I didn't know enough about any of the candidates to cast an intelligent vote. It will be different this year. Thanks to urlLink Ursula and urlLink Eva and urlLink Mary J - a quiz to determine urlLink which candidate is right for you : 1. Dean, Gov. Howard, VT - Democrat (100%) 2. Kucinich, Cong. Dennis, OH - Democrat (98%) 3. Kerry, Senator John, MA - Democrat (96%) 4. Sharpton, Reverend Al - Democrat (82%) 5. Lieberman Senator Joe CT - Democrat (80%) 6. Edwards, Senator John, NC - Democrat (78%) 7. Moseley-Braun, Former Senator Carol IL - Democrat (76%) 8. Gephardt, Cong. Dick, MO - Democrat (76%) 9. Libertarian Candidate (75%) 10. Graham, Senator Bob, FL - Democrat (61%) 11. Bush, George W. - US President (39%) 12. Phillips, Howard - Constitution (8%) 13. LaRouche, Lyndon H. Jr. - Democrat (-12%) I heard a piece about the Democratic 9 on NPR today - v interesting. I don't know who will get my vote - but I'm pretty sure that for the first time ever, it'll be a Democrat.

 Happy Birthday urlLink Sarah ! urlLink Sarah and I have been friends for nearly 9 years - it'll be 9 years on the 27th. Today is her 23rd birthday and she is celebrating it by closing on her new house with her fabbo roommate Hannah. Congrats!. Happy Birthday also to my friend Nicole ! She is also 23 and brought her adorable daughter in to work today. Fun! Speaking of work, it's been a long, long day. The computers were down for about half the day - 8:30-1, then 2-2:30. Boring. I finished the new urlLink Fine Cooking , which includes an article about mojitos! Never heard of them until a couple of weeks ago - and now they're everywhere! More storming this morning - apparently the storm on Saturday was a urlLink derecho , according to the weather guy on urlLink NPR . Every time I have to go outside, a super monsoon kicks in. Ridiculous. Dinner last night was magnificent. We were going to make fajitas - until I forgot the chicken. Instead Nate, Eva, and I went to Taco Loco and had remarkable Mexican food. I had cactus tacos and a big plate of the best guacamole I've ever had. Nate had steak tacos and nachos, and Eva had a goat taco, a cactus taco, and a beef tamale. So SO good. Taco Loco isn't in the best neighborhood - but the food MORE than makes up for it. Got some packing done last night - mainly the dishes and a few things from the pantry. I can't wait to be done.

 urlLink which sanrio character are you? (quiz created by urlLink shelle ) urlLink Friday Five (07/04/03): 1. What were your favorite childhood stories? Midnight Moon, Goodnight Moon, Where the Wild Things Are, etc. So many good books. 2. What books from your childhood would you like to share with [your] children? So so many of them so I'll just name one - Midnight Moon by Clyde Watson. 3. Have you re-read any of those childhood stories and been surprised by anything? I was surprised by the clothing-less baby in In the Night Kitchen but I seem to vaguely remember being surprised when I read it as a child as well. 4. How old were you when you first learned to read? Not sure but I know I was reading and well when I started school at 5. 5. Do you remember the first 'grown-up' book you read? How old were you? I read Anna Karenina, Catcher in the Rye, and Gone with the Wind when I was 12-13. Probably read other "grown up" things before that - but those are the ones most worth mentioning. urlLink Friday Five (06/27/03): 1. How are you planning to spend the summer [winter]? Working, sadly, and moving into my new house. I miss having a summer "vacation." 2. What was your first summer job? I never really had a "summer job." My first job was at Wonderland - I started when I was 16 and needing money to go to France on a school trip. 3. If you could go anywhere this summer [winter], where would you go? I would really like to go to London. That's all. 4. What was your worst vacation ever? Umm, I don't know. I almost drowned in Miami when I was 10, so I guess that's probably it. 5. What was your best vacation ever? I've had several really good vacations. Iowa City was awesome - as was Paris spring break 2000. I feel silly posting all this stuff after the weekend we had - I would much rather leave the stories of the storm further up, but I wanted to get all this crap out of my inbox. So please skim, then read about the storm. It's much more interesting.

 urlLink Jen just emailed me to let me know that WE HAVE POWER!!!! . I can't even tell you the last time I've been this happy. I have a super elaborate electricity song and dance planned for as soon as I get home.

 urlLink Massive storm Saturday morning - we've been without power ever since. It's miserably hot and I'm going through email withdrawal - suppose that's one good thing about being at work today. Will update more later today - just wanted to let you know we're OK and not buried under any trees.

 Things to be thankful about: Running water Shelter from the storm Functioning phone lines Money in the checkbook Cars that aren't crushed Friends and family with AC Great neighbors Let's just say that this weekend could've been A LOT worse. Friday was our 4th of July party - we sweated our collective arses off. The food was excellent - fresh fruit, pasta salads, bruschetta eaten as salsa, spinach dip, mushrooms, burgers, and brats. Eva and I figured out mojitos and drank a pitcher or two. People came and went all afternoon - our friends, Chuck's friends, family, etc. Krist & Erika no longer across the sea even came! Eva, Hannah, and I had a nice nap in the late afternoon - we were all drowsy and the futon just called our names. I sat in the hot tub way too long and thought my heart was going to explode. I also tried to crack my head open on a doorframe but managed to survive. The urlLink storm hit very early Saturday morning - winds like a freight train, a flash of green light (he who must not be named?), and trees down everywhere. N and I ran outside along with many of our neighbors to assess the damage. Nothing MAJOR in our neighborhood - by that I mean no holes in houses, etc. Trees were down everywhere, including on Nate's work car. Of all the cars on the street, his was the best one to hit. No damage to mine or any of the other neighbor friends - including Mary A's brand new car parked three spots in front of Nate. Lots of clean up confusion as it was 4:30 and still raining and pitch black - but nice to see all the neighbors out working together. The power outage continued through the day - lots of time spent sitting around in our underwear drinking cool things and hoping we'd have power soon. No damage to the new house - just one small limb down. WHEW. The rest of the neighborhood didn't fare as well - lots of trees down, lots of streets totally inaccessible. Mom & Pop have 5-6 BIG trees down but no damage to the house. Dinner with Joe, Hannah, and Eva - then Trivial Pursuit. Despite snide comments and much shaking of the pieces, Hannah and I were triumphant. We slept OK as long as we didn't touch. Still no power on Sunday - N had the match at Pine Tree, so I went back to sleep for several hours. Went swimming at my parents with Eva - nice to be in the cold water, even if it was cloudy and chemically. We picked up Happy Wok for dinner, packed a few boxes, then sat around on urlLink Jen 's porch for an hour or two with Clay and urlLink Jen 's friend Devin. This is what I'll miss when we move - sitting around with neighbor friends til all hours of the night just shooting the shit. Tried to sleep but it was too hot so Nate and I ended up sleeping out on the porch. It was raining again this morning when I left, so we'll see if the power is on any time today. I know ComEd is just swamped and is doing all they can, so I'm trying not to complain. At least we can bathe - that's more than some of my parents' neighbors can do.

 Down from the high of the weekend to a frustrating and disappointing sort of day. I'm swamped at work with Dan gone, stupid mistakes from people just trying to help, and two simultaneous bill pay promotions. I've barely made any headway. Was looking forward to a nice night at home - Eva and Jeff over for dinner, mojitos and pizza, then some cardmaking and probably an early night. Instead N was in an infectious bad mood - opted not to inflict it on Eva and Jeff as Mary A appeared at the same time, at which point Eva informed me that she can't make card night either. N and I got in a nasty crying fight over dinner and me being bitchy and his bad mood. I just cried and cried and he felt awful and apologized - and tried to take me to Old Chicago for dinner, but they were packed so we went to Applebees and had an adequate but not by any means excellent meal. Now I'm bummed about tonight and about dinner and about card night and just all around blue. Why is coming back from vacation so hard?

 urlLink The Olsen Twins Fight Plaque . I think that article is the greatest thing in the history of news reporting. Please read it. Really. And if that article doesn't restore your faith in humanity, please read urlLink this thread on the urlLink IMDB site. It's just incredible. If you find any broken links on my site, please let me know. I'm taking some things down - moving some things around - trying to streamline it a bit, I guess. I'm envious of my urlLink Blogger friends cos I like the simplicity of that interface. I like maintaining my site but all I really do is blog, so it seems a little pointless to have all this other superfluous crap up. Just a thought. There's a lot going on and I don't know how much I'll be blogging these days - but never fear. If I go away for a bit, I will be back. backBlog('252','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 Lots of tears and soul-searching and commisserating this weekend. I'm so glad my friends were here. urlLink Newman was an invaluable help - and it was so so good just to have urlLink Sarah here, even if we didn't get to talk much. It figures - we spent umpteen hours on the phone, then when we're actually together we have no time to talk. Oh well - the phone bill wasn't that bad and she'll be here next weekend anyway. There are so many things in my head and my heart - choices and not choices, movement and inaction. It's hard to know what's right. I just want to be happy - and happy for more than a day or an afternoon. Five questions for urlLink Rachel : 1. I'm coming to dinner. In an ideal world (or kitchen, for that matter), what would you cook for me? (And yes, I'm looking for something you can actually make, not just something that sounds great.) 2. What is your biggest fear? 3. What's the best book you've read in the last 12 months? 4. How do you deal with loss? 5. Where have you been happiest? backBlog('251','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 urlLink Sarah and Amity and urlLink Shawn are en route. That makes me happy. An interview from urlLink Rachel , who needs to get out and eat more: 1. Was Yoko a factor in, or merely a bystander of, the breakup of the band? A factor in and merely a bystander. I'm all about dualities. I feel she was a factor in that John's priorities had changed - were already changing when he met her - and continued to change to the point where she was the center of his life and everything else, even his beloved music, was peripheral. When you find a new center, it's hard not to cast off the peripherals of before. Obviously there's a lot more to it, but that's my understanding. I don't know of any documentation of her saying "Leave those guys, they're not worth your time" - from what I know, she just took his breath away. 2. Did you like urlLink The Little Friend , and if so, why? (I was horribly disappointed.) I honestly haven't read it yet. I picked it up from this urlLink book club cos it looked interesting, then my urlLink punk ass sister borrowed it and hasn't given it back. Isn't it a frustrating thing to be disappointed by something you've really built up? I kind of felt that way with urlLink Villa Incognito . Tom Robbins really is my secret lover (I don't think he knows that) and I thought he could've done so much more. 3. What's your favorite word? (any language) I used to say 'man' a lot when I was drunk, but I think I'm past that. One of my favorites is definitely 'catamite', though I like the OED definition better. I also like 'visceral' and 'chthonic.' I could continue... 4. Pick a noun, any noun. Now write a limerick with it. There once was a boy who loved pants Just the thought of pants made him prance 'Til a girl said "I see" "But no-pants is tasty" So he pranced without pants at the dance 5. urlLink Empire or urlLink Jedi ? I guess I have to go with urlLink Jedi . It's got Leia in a bikini, lotsa Ewoks, a great drumming and dancing thing at the end reminiscent of urlLink The Matrix Reloaded (minus the sex), and really it's just fun. backBlog('250','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 Our housewarming party is tomorrow. I'm not sure I'm ready for the hubbub of lots of company - but I'm looking forward to seeing many many of my friends. urlLink Galatea 2.2 is really, really wonderful. urlLink Shawn warned me that it would get under my skin, that it would get in my bones. I wasn't sure what he meant at first - and then I started really reading. Some of it sounds so much like me - like my writing style - like the way I think - that I feel like I've been enveloped by the story, by the ideas. It's strange to feel totally a part of yet detached from a story. I want to put everything on hold until I can finish; unfortunately that's not an option. A fortune: "Art is the accomplice of love." Five questions for urlLink Newman , who is as I type this on her way to mi casa: 1. What's the difference between 'theater' and 'theatre'? 2. Write a haiku about urlLink Tom Jones . 3. What's your favorite memory of me? 4. Why do you act? 5. What do you want out of life? An interview from urlLink Mary J . I'm an interview whore: 1. What is one thing you really, really wanted for bday/xmas that you never received? I really, really wanted an urlLink American Girl doll but always thought they were too expensive, so I never asked for one. Yeah, I got over that. 2. If you had a vegetable garden, what would you plant and why? I would like to plant tomatoes and peppers and lettuce and lots and lots of other things. Oh yeah, and garlic. Lots of garlic. I would really like to be much more self-sufficient, grocery-wise, than I am right now. 3. What teacher (from kindergarten - college) had the biggest impact on you? Can I pick two? three? In high school, probably Mr. Rooney, my senior English teacher. He was one of the first teachers I had that really treated me like an equal - other teachers were my friend, but I felt like Mr. Rooney respected me as a peer as well as a student. I wonder whatever happened to him. Some of my fellow students suspected he was in the witness protection program. Maybe that's true. In college, my biggest influence was Mr. Glass. There were several other teachers with whom I really connected - specifically Alan Hurst at urlLink Regents and Colleen Page at urlLink RC - but Mr. Glass has proved much more of a lasting influence. 4. Of all the people you've lost touch with over the years, who do you think about the most? I've lost touch, in varying degrees, with a lot of people that I miss. I don't have any major regrets in this matter - the people I've lost touch with have generally given up on their end of keeping in touch - or have drifted so far away and have changed so much that we have nothing in common. I suppose I miss Anne the most - we worked together long enough to cultivate a very interesting and challenging friendship, a friendship that I think could've been more were the circumstances different. She moved out to the west coast with her girlfriend to go to school - I hear from her on occasion. I wish she was still in my life cos I felt like she only brought good things. 5. What is the tallest building you've been in? What was the highest floor you went to? I've been to the highest observation deck at the urlLink CN Tower in Toronto. I was scared to death and nearly threw up. Good times. Aight. Back to work. backBlog('249','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 An interview from urlLink Shawn : 1. What's your biggest regret? (and you don't get to "live without them"...) Not giving myself the chance I really deserved. Consistently selling myself short by not taking the opportunities right in front of me. Not applying myself in school. Selling out on my dreams. Is that enough? 2. Trent vs. Damien: pick! ;-) (sorry, that one's unfair) Oh baby, it's gotta be Trent. Damien rips my heart out, but Trent's been with me through some stuff. And he looks really good tied up and in sort of Edwardian garb, both of which are good things. 3. Elvis or the Beatles, and why? The Beatles, hands down. They changed everything. Elvis is cool, I suppose, but the growth apparent from the first Beatles recording through Abbey Road is incredible. It's also incredible to listen to the decay of John Lennon's voice - damned heroin. 4. When, if ever, was the first time you felt adult/like a woman? Are you listening to Portishead? I would say Christmas break 1998 was the first time I felt like an adult. I was single, working two jobs, living on my own in the dorms over break. I came and went as I wanted, I stayed out all night, etc. It felt incredible. The first time I felt like a woman? Maybe we'll go with one of the first times I really felt conscious of my sexuality - conscious of my body, if you will. When I worked at Barnes & Noble, I would wear a "schoolgirl" sort of outfit - red plaid skirt, white dress shirt, and these fabulous knee boots. I remember hearing stories about Stu (the angry not-black man) just gripping and shaking the espresso machine when I walked by. I think that was the first time I was really aware of the power of my sexuality. 5. Why do you read? I read because I hunger for knowledge. I read because I can escape. I read because I love that twenty six letters arranged in a certain order with some other marks in between can add up to something that moves me. To be overly simplistic, I read because I can't not. backBlog('248','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 You know, I really think communal living is the way to go. Matt suggested that last night - we both achingly feel the distance separating us from the Champaign kids - he suggested that the bunch of us should all live together somewhere and open a school and teach all the wonderful and obscure things that we know. And really, that sounds pretty ideal, doesn't it? backBlog('247','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 I feel a curious stillness today. I don't know what that is, but I'm a little afraid of it. My sleep was, well - I slept soundly once I went to bed. I took my meds while on the phone with Matt, expecting to be sleeping within half an hour. Our convo ended up lasting another hour, then I was too awake to sleep and too concerned about things, so urlLink Shawn and I talked for awhile, which was nice. I was tired this morning - but not physically exhausted. Now I just feel a little - numb, I guess. I thought this was contentment but underneath it I feel fear, so now I don't know what it is. Some questions from urlLink Jen : 1. what is your most memorable childhood experience? Most memorable? Oh Lord. Umm....this isn't the most memorable, but it's the thought that just came to mind. Remember when we'd go to Magic Waters with school? Mom gave me an awful haircut - my bangs were literally less than an inch long - and I was so ashamed to go to Magic Waters looking like that. Don't know where that came from, but there it is. That was the last time she was allowed to cut my hair. 2. who is your idol? Umm.....good one. I'm going to say Madeleine L'Engle - she's had an incredible life and has an incredible awareness of self, of what it takes to be whole. Plus she's a damned good writer. :) 3. are you the type of person that takes something rotten out of the fridge takes a sniff and it stinks but still goes back for another sniff? Nah, I generally throw things out after the first sniff unless it's really borderline. 4. what if the "hokey pokey" really was what is all about? I could give you some massive philosophical discourse on the "hokey pokey" - but really, I think it was composed to amuse small children and annoy adults at any sort of reunion/gathering where polka music is played. 5. which books do you think i have? I know you have urlLink The Little Friend , urlLink Lullaby , and some Banana Yoshimoto and probably lots of other stuff that you scammed from the house after I moved out. Dammit, I want that stuff back! It was really good to talk to Matt last night. We're going through a lot of the same things emotionally and intellectually and spiritually - reaching for things, searching for meaning, trying to find balance. I'm so glad we finally met and I hope I'll get to see him soon. backBlog('246','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 Hey, remember when I said I wasn't going to blog for a while? Yeah, that was funny. Kate has decided that we need to teach "how to get a job in your field" courses cos really, that's much more practical than a lot of the stuff you take at college. I thought the fact that neither of us have jobs in our field might be a problem, but Kate doesn't think so. I'm going to trust her on this one. 20 minutes til I can get out of this basement. Came to the realization that I live an almost entirely subterranean life. That sucks. I work in a basement, escape outdoors for a little bit, then go home and spend most evenings in the basement with N. Hmm, no wonder I'm depressed. My body is probably screaming for sunlight! Perhaps I will have to remedy that with some quality porch sitting tonight. Going to the library to pick up urlLink Galatea 2.2 cos I'm wicked in love with Richard Powers. Oh yeah, and just what I need is more reading material. I am brazenly disregarding my ban on the library. I don't care. I will make time. backBlog('245','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 I'm doing better today - a very solid night of sleep definitely helped. Apparently I was totally unconscious by the time Nate came upstairs - which was approximately ten minutes after I went to bed. Good times - for me at least. I woke up around 6, laid around for a bit, then went for a walk. Sometimes I forget how much I really like walking in my neighborhood. I saw a house with a true blue door. It was pretty striking. I don't remember seeing it before. I thought long and hard about these interview questions - I didn't want to do anything sort of generic or easy, though some of the questions definitely fall into those categories. I love being interviewed - please feel free to send more questions my way or to request more interviews. :) For urlLink Jen (damn, it's hard to interview your own sister!): 1. Where's the best place for coffee in the greater Rockford area? 2. When do I get my books back? If you're holding them hostage for something, what is it? 3. Tell me about being high. 4. What are your feelings about meat on a stick? 5. What's with the sheep? urlLink Shawn , dear, I tried to make these interesting: 1. Describe your dream house/place of residence. 2. Tell me about fire - and not from a scientific perspective. 3. What are your seven ultimate Jeopardy categories? 4. You have degrees in math and physics. Why did you choose to pursue literature instead? 5. Why did you choose to start a blog? urlLink Chair , these are for you: 1. Tell me something good about Canada. 2. Tell me about your most unique job. 3. My computer is acting up. What's your first piece of advice? 4. What are your five favorite non-blog websites? 5. Honest opinion: does Orlando Bloom look like a bunny? Really, look at him. That cute little mouth. The pointy ears. I'm seeing a bunny. Are you? urlLink Mary J , some easier ones cos I know you've got things on your mind: 1. John, Paul, George, or Ringo? 2. Tell me about keeping busy. 3. What would you say if a celebrity showed up on your front porch? 4. Describe your favorite meal ever. 5. What do you regret about high school? I guess that's all for now. Looking forward to going to lunch in a few minutes. This is how I pass my day. Dan and I have been caught up since approximately 9:15. Ahh, Wednesday, hump day, the weekend is nearly here. backBlog('244','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 I guess I just don't have much to say tonight. I'm tired - tired of feeling broken, tired of these ups and downs. I just want to feel whole. Two days ago I felt like an entirely new person - and I know I am - but not sleeping and not having an appetite and not being used to the work schedule tend to overshadow those things that I've gained. This last month - oh Lord, it's been hard - but I can say, even in this vale of tears, that it is worth it. Lord, is it worth it. That isn't to say that there aren't days when I struggle - when I ache and cry and feel like, well, like I felt today - but I know this is right, all of it, what I'm becoming. These are the growing pains we're always told about - the shuddering as I cast off the old skin. Read a short story by Richard Powers (courtesy of urlLink Shawn ) that totally blew my mind - especially these lines: "The hardest of the year's unpredictable plots was still to come. Nothing we ever tell ourselves about the future prepares us for it. ... There are two ways of reading our digital fate, the same two ways of reading any fiction. Either we'll explain ourselves away as mere mechanism, or we'll elevate mechanism to the level of miracle. Either way, the greatest worth of our machines will be to show us the staggering breadth of the simplest human thought and to reawaken us to the irreducible heft, weight, and texture of the entrapping world." Took my breath away. I've heard the rest of his fiction is equally as intoxicating and challenging. I might have to check it out. Talked to urlLink Sarah for an hour or so tonight - wonderful and refreshing. I feel like - know - I can tell her anything - anything at all - and she'll love me and give me her honest answer, even if she is at work. I'm so, so grateful to have her in my life. I would NOT have survived the last couple of weeks without her. In fact, at this point let me give a "shout out" to all the kids in Champaign (and elsewhere) that took care of me - urlLink Sarah , urlLink Hannah , Amity, urlLink Shawn , Dan, Matt, and Lucky - back home urlLink Jen , urlLink Nate , Dan, Scandalous Pants, urlLink Eva , and of course my Mom - and so many others, far away but sending love and encouragement. I love you all. backBlog('243','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 I'm - I'm a little fucked up today. Another night of lousy sleep - up sick and nearly crying in the middle of the night - made for a bluesy sort of morning. I need to snap out of it but somehow don't know how to do it. Right now I want to have something I can lose myself in - a book, a movie, an activity of some sort - to take the focus off the aching inside. I'm trying not to be overly morose here - I don't want to lose readers, after all - but some days I just can't fight it. Started urlLink Gilgamesh this morning - not sure how I missed that one in my academic reading. Again, it's becoming increasingly evident how much I haven't read. I haven't made it to the text of the poems yet, but the introduction is really interesting. I guess I'm a little history/archaeology buff at heart. A prof at urlLink RC used to call me a "reluctant medievalist." All this reading just feeds the fire of my desire to go back to school. That was a really bad rhyme. I'm sorry. Now for something more fun.... The Interview Game! THE RULES 1. Leave a comment, saying you want to be interviewed. 2. I will respond; I'll ask you five questions. 3. You'll update your website with your five answers. 4. You'll include this explanation. 5. You'll in turn ask other people five questions when they want to be interviewed. urlLink Marie was my interviewer - I'll take a handful of interviewees. Just leave a comment, then check back in a day or two for questions. 1. Where were you born? Marshfield, Wisconsin, US of A 2. Are you a morning person or a night owl? Does it cause any problems? I used to be a night owl while I was in school; however now that I'm in the "real world," I'm a morning person. That works out really well, except when I'm hungover or wanting to sleep in on the weekends. 3. How do you sleep? On your back, stomach, or side? I sleep primarily on my side. 4. What is your favorite season? Spring, Summer, Autumn, Winter? Explain why. I love the in between times - spring and autumn, though autumn is definitely my favorite. I love the cool air, the falling leaves, the fall food. Autumn is one of the big big reasons I love living in the Midwest. 5. If you could change something about yourself what would it be? It's a little dangerous to ask me that question right now - so I'm going to give a superficial answer and hope that suffices. I wish I could just be happy. PS urlLink Shawn , thanks for the advice on kicking Photoshop. Somehow I don't think that'll be very good for the CD. PPS My friend urlLink Adrienne has started a blog. Check it out! PPPS Writing all these PSes reminds me of junor high. Not sure why that is. backBlog('242','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 After yesterday's massive philosophical discourse, I feel sort of silly writing about shallow things. Oh well. Back to work today. Things I hate about being back to work - 9 hours of my day monopolized by petty things - closed-toed shoes - fuck, wearing shoes at all - not being able to lounge around in my underpants for endless amounts of time - not being able to talk on the phone for endless amounts of time. Things I like about being back to work - seeing my friends - structure to my day (though I'm rebelling against it) - having things to do and not sitting around being depressed - my glorious lunch break. The day dragged but I survived. Sex on the brain. No, that's not entirely true. It's just been a very sensuous few months - in many ways. One of these days I'm going to compile "E's Celebration of Summer Sexiness" which sounds awfully like a Cosmo tag line, but what can you do? Read all of urlLink Gross Indecency: The Three Trials of Oscar Wilde today - it was totally brilliant. I really, really liked the device of using Wilde's own words - along with those of his contemporaries. I can't explain precisely why that worked so well - but it does. It just made sense - made for a beautiful, fast, and very eloquent read. I'd like to read more by Moises Kaufman sometime soon. I am swiftly becoming aware of how much I haven't read... Tony the fish died today. Tony was my brother Eric's Betta. Missy and I rescued him from the plant yesterday - he'd become ensared in the roots - but apparently he did the same sort of thing today. Eric found him - he yelled out "What's this grey thing on the bottom of the bowl?" - and so was Tony discovered. Poor thing. At least it wasn't Lucky. I bet Mom will be upset when Lucky decides to kick the bucket. She did, after all, survive a fire. Off to bed. Let's hope there are no nightmares tonight - apparently my hands shook quite a bit last night while I was sleeping. I have no recollection of any of it - but it probably had something to do with the super creepy X-Files we watched last night. Tonight I'm hoping for fun dreams of Oscar Wilde, among others. PS Does anyone have any Photoshop insight? I'm trying to import photos from my Mom's Polaroid PSC 2300Z digital camera to Photoshop 6 - I downloaded the drivers, installed everything, and every time I go to import my computer locks up. Might be that my machine is a piece of shit (I know that's true) - but if you have any tips, please send 'em my way or risk never seeing the mini tour of my house and some fabbo self portraits. Thanks. backBlog('241','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 Some things crystallized while talking to urlLink Sarah this morning - what I'd like to call "The Philosophy of E." I've spent a lot of time thinking these days - these two weeks off work - all the hours of the sleepless nights, the time spent alone, the time spending in longing and reading and inquiry. I guess my worldview at this point boils down to two basic tenets: 1. We're here for such a brief time - our lives are so tenuous - why the fuck not do the things that bring joy? 2. No matter the decisions you make, no matter the course your life takes, that is the way it was meant to be and it couldn't be any other way. The first one is pretty self explanatory - our lives are so short; why waste time doing things that don't make you happy? Or that don't keep you happy? Obviously we all have to do things that suck - bills have to be paid, toilets have to be cleaned - but those are necessary evils on the path to what brings joy, what brings meaning. The second is a bit more complicated. I guess what I'm trying to say is that I believe in both predestination and free will. I believe - I know - that the choices we make in life determine who we are. I also know that who we are is determined by all sorts of factors we can't control - our parents, our upbringing, our fragile bodies, our "natural selection" or predilections. And if the last two weeks have taught me anything, it's that worrying about how life might be different had certain choices been different is a futile thing. It will drive you mad. Things are the way they are for a reason. I firmly believe that. The choices we make might not make sense - they might be difficult and intensely painful - but they are made for a reason. I don't know what that reason is - I think we don't know a lot of the time, which is why life is so precious, so enigmatic, so full of doubt and questioning and joy. We are here - in life, on this Earth - for a reason - for some brief, undetermined amount of time - and then we're gone. I don't know why we're here. I don't know the meaning or the measure of my life. All I know is that I want my life to have meaning. I want joy. I want peace. I want the peaks of ecstasy and the depths of despair - and have had both in these two weeks. I want life at its fullest, its richest, its most powerful. And I know - in my heart, in my soul, in the fundamental parts of me that I can trust beyond my reason or my intellect - that I will have these things, that I am in the process of having these things. And it can't be any different. I may not understand the path I have chosen - but I know it is the only place I could be. And if things are meant to be different, they will be. I have firm confidence in that. In urlLink The Hours , Clarissa relates a story about her youth, how she walked out one day and thought "This is the beginning of happiness." In her middle age, relating the story to her daughter, she realized that it wasn't the beginning of happiness, it was happiness. I think that is at the heart of what I'm thinking and feeling and trying to express - that awareness of purpose, of happiness - of celebrating the moment without over-thinking or worrying about how it could or might or should be different. I think just being is enough. backBlog('240','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 It feels like rain. Perhaps it's just the change from the hot-hot of afternoon - but I'm sitting at my desk in the darkness, the breeze surrounding me, and it just feels right. It feels right to be alone on a Saturday night in front of my computer, an empty glass of iced tea next to me, thinking about books and friends and sleep. I have to be doing better if I can say these things. Spent some time this evening thinking about my body - how sometimes I feel a part of it, sometimes I feel more than it, sometimes I feel like I'm something totally separate. There are days when my lips feel fuller, when my hips seem to swing a bit more, when every step I take feels a little like dancing, when I feel like every eye in the room is on me. I was at the grocery one evening after work and saw an undeniably beautiful woman in a green gingham sundress reaching for something on a top shelf, her short skirt lifting a bit, the muscles in her tan and fit legs rising as her body extended. This was the first time I saw a man literally do a double-take, that body's moving but the head's staying in the same place thing that you see in the movies and on bad sitcoms. You couldn't keep your eyes off of her. I don't know if she was aware of her own beauty, aware of the way she transfixed the dairy section of Logli's on a weeknight - but it was incredible to behold. I don't know why I'm telling that story - it just sort of occured to me. I guess tonight's just one of those nights where despite my exhaustion the fire seems to be burning brighter in my eyes - things seem warmer, softer, more luxuriant. I feel it in the way my hair falls against my face, the way my skin pricked in the almost too cold shower this afternoon, the way I was so conscious of my mouth moving while I sung along with the radio on the way home. Tonight I feel like more - and not in a sexual way at all - just in an exulting in the ecstasies of being sort of way. I finished urlLink Hey, Nostradamus! tonight at Chuck's house - it was more than I thought, and less. These days my life seems full of such contradictions. It is about loss and faith - and the things we do to feel whole again. It is about believing - in God, in love, in some other person - because you can't not, even when all signs are to the contrary. I think I'll wait to reread it, as I've done with Coupland's last few books. urlLink Shawn is reading urlLink Microserfs right now, which makes me really happy. I'm glad that book has aged with me - somehow its simplicity speaks to me so fundamentally - and in different ways with each rereading. That's the sign of successful fiction. I want sleep but I'm craving this solitude as well, not wanting to squander it. N's at Chuck's watching the game - I wanted to stay, felt bad leaving, but knew I was only going to fall asleep. So I came home. My plans for the rest of the evening? I've already called urlLink Sarah and urlLink Shawn - I checked my email - that leaves reading and ice cream and sleep. Good night, friends.

 Another night of crazy not-sleep. Went to bed at 12, was awake again by 1:30, took the meds at 2:30, finally slept around 6, up at 8. My body and my psyche must be repairing because I'm not feeling the adverse effects as violently as before. Talked to urlLink Sarah for an hour or so this morning - I'm going to miss these convos when I go back to work (yes, Monday's the day) and she starts teaching. We'll have to figure something out. I feel closer to her right now than I have in a long time - no, that's not true. There have been times when our closeness has waned and grown - but I guess I feel a part of her day to day life again, and that's huge for me. I miss her living next door. urlLink Amanda is finally going to be able to do her student teaching in the fall. This is HUGE! It's going to mean some big big changes for her - but it will be such a good thing. I know she's scared - it's a huge transition from the life she's been leading - but dude, if you're reading this, I swear to you that you'll still have fun, even if it requires me driving to Oak Park to do some performance art. Am planning on posting a mini tour of the house this afternoon, once I've had a chance to play with the photos a bit. I bummed the digital cam off Mom - planning on keeping it through next weekend's housewarming party - so look for lots of bandwidth-sucking in the next few posts. urlLink Hey, Nostradamus! is fitting in nicely with the rest of my reading - after reading about time and education, now a book about faith. It is exhausting at times - and frustrating - but definitely worth the read and probably an immediate reread. I'm going to miss these mornings of idleness, spent on the couch with a good book. Talked to urlLink Shawn a couple of times yesterday, which was good. I'm really looking forward to seeing him next weekend. Off to find some lunch and maybe get some work done on the piles. It's so nice to be able to see some of the floor - I can't wait til I can see all of it and have a living room with enough empty space for ballroom dancing.

 I feel like my entire world view has changed - been shaken - burned to the ground and been rebuilt - in the last 30 days. Tonight I finished two remarkable books - urlLink Great Books by David Denby, my labor of love for the last month - and urlLink Einstein's Dreams by Alan Lightman, on loan from urlLink Shawn in a hopefully on-going book swap. I thrilled at the challenge as I laid on my back - sat to eat my sushi, the chopsticks dangling idly in my hand - paced through the house not looking up from my book except to check on the long-burning incense. Denby challenged and affirmed my thoughts on the Western Canon - the much-maligned, desperately loved canon - and Lightman - I don't know if there are really words for how I felt when I finished. I was utterly entranced. It was beautiful - playful - easy and challenging - liquid and static. It has definitely been added to my "must own" list. I feel alive. I feel exhausted. I feel like the body of knowledge is too big, too fabulously and irritatingly immense for such a small girl as me. I want it all - knowledge, experience, love, passion, grief, time, life. I'm grasping for things I cannot contain - things that are greater than me. I want life in its fullest - its most beautiful - its most real and challenging and gorgeous. I want to be broken down and reconstructed - I want to believe that the things we do here on Earth matter. I want to live fully - love to the point of madness - just be to the extreme of possibility. These words are flowing from my fingertips - bubbling over from my mind - filling my every waking moment and most of the sleeping ones too. Perhaps this truly is the fire of my becoming.

 Experiment #1 in not taking the medicine didn't work out so great. Tonight (well, Wednesday night - I'm always unsure whether to refer to it as "tonight" or "last night" in my late night ramblings) we had dinner with friends and over the course of four hours I had two glasses of wine. By the time we got ready to leave at around 11, I was totally exhausted and mildly intoxicated - so I decided I really didn't need the Ambien to get to sleep. Well, I was right on that count - I was asleep almost immediately. However it's 4:36am and I've been awake at least an hour, with no signs of getting back to sleep, despite my best attempts and intentions. I'll say it right now - insomnia SUCKS. Other than that, things have been getting better. I feel like my moods are more regulated - not as extreme - and I'm not sure how much of that is the medicine and how much is related to getting good sleep and not having to work. I guess I'll find out tomorrow (today?). I'm trying to get serious lots done around the house - about ten boxes unpacked in the last day or two, plus bookshelves assembled, etc. - so that when I go back to work, I won't have as much to do. N's trying to help - but there's so much that I have to do that sometimes his efforts are futile. urlLink Sarah and all my friends have been really incredible - she and I have been talking at least an hour every day - generally an hour or so in the morning, then a follow up call at night. It has been so wonderful - and I miss her so very much. We really need to get on this whole swapping Dekalb and Champaign thing. And (fuck propriety) I'm missing urlLink Shawn a lot too. He's had company most of this week, meaning I haven't heard from him, which is strange after a couple of weeks of almost constant contact. Maybe that's a good thing, maybe not, but it is what it is and I can't and wouldn't change it. That sentence was serpentine and defensive, I know. I'm anticipating negative reactions, anticipating chastising, anticipating the worst, I guess. But again, I miss him and I can't change that. OK kids, I'm going to try to read some of my beloved urlLink David Denby in an attempt to conk out for a bit. Maybe urlLink Harold Bloom would be better for that, but I just can't bring myself to it. I've been waking up at 6-6:30am; all I'm asking for is another hour or two.....

 urlLink Damien Rice is really kicking my ass. I was on the floor building my bookcases - and I started crying and just couldn't stop, sitting at my desk, hunched over, tears streaming down my face, just sobbing and sobbing. It's everything I want to say - I can't say - the things I just can't identify or articulate. Still a little bit of your taste in my mouth Still a little bit of you laced with my doubt Still a little hard to say what's going on

 I guess I'm doing a pretty big depression thing right now, which is consuming the rest of the fire in my eyes. And I don't know how to talk about it, not really, and I fear the medication that I need because I don't want it to diminish me - to diminish the way I think and feel and need and love. I just feel - fragile - and like I need space but need arms around me too.

 Feeling a little bit better today - but also scatterbrained and distracted. No crying - or at least not much. Funny how the days blend together when you're not working. Today we bought new bookcases for me, then attempted to clean but mainly sat online. Ria and Steph joined us for dinner. I'm frustrated because there are so many things I'm thinking about, that I want to talk about, but my heart and my mind are so very tired, even without the medicine. Maybe tomorrow. I don't feel like I'm fading - not yet - but I can see that path up ahead and I'm damned terrified. I'm going off the Clonazepam at the end of the week - and I'm thinking about dropping the Ambien tomorrow night, depending on how I'm feeling. Yesterday was our anniversary, by the way. One year of marriage - a year with all the highs and lows of a lifetime. I'm glad we made it. I just wish it had been a better day - less crying and more celebration. There will be time for that when I'm better.

 I'm coming back to this blogging thing slowly. I keep having things I want to write about - and write about them here - but most days recently I haven't had the strength. I've been off work for a week with nothing to show for it except a newly built computer desk (which is pimp-style), an extremely large phone bill (PS urlLink Sarah , we switched to urlLink Working Assets too), and no major self-inflicted physical damage. I realize I'm being oblique. I realize that you've guessed that more went on in the last week than a 'vacation.' One doesn't go from posting multiple times each day to nothing for no reason. I'm just not really healthy right now - and that has a little to do with stress and a little to do with a love affair and a little to do with school and a little to do with no communication and a lot to do with needing more out of life. And to those ends I am on some medication - which I hate - to deal with the stress and the unreasonable things I want to do. I have decided to open my heart to a friendship that was unexpected, but which builds me up at every turn and cannot be denied. I have already picked up the paperwork to audit classes this fall - and am going to start researching graduate programs near me. N and I are talking a lot and trying to figure out what went wrong, where there are problems, and can they be fixed. And I've decided that as soon as it is feasible, I'm quitting my job and doing something REAL. To that end I've applied at the library and will spend this week working on my resume. I'm taking small steps, but I think they help. And now I'm off work another week - vacation this time - and maybe this time next week I'll be even healthier. Please don't go away, friends. I need your encouragement and presence, even if it is far-flung and not tangible. I'm trying to remember and meditate upon these words from urlLink Andrea's blog: "But consider that loneliness is just part of the deal right now. Sometimes you need loneliness to grow creatively."

 Dear Friends, I'm not going to say that I'm back - I'm far from it - but I am here and I'm reading your comments and your emails and am touched by your love, your concern - many of you for someone you've never met. I don't quite have the words for the last week yet - longing and frustration, hurt and joy, fear and blessings, words and silence. A lot of living has happened in a small space. If I have the energy and strength I will write it all - or all that needs to be known. Some things must be kept for me. Much love. Do not fear that I'll be gone for long. I love you all - and writing here - too much. E

 I think I may stop blogging for awhile, at least here. It's too much - there's too much - and I need quiet. I'm sorry. I know this, like all of my other not-blogging resolutions, will probably last about an hour or (at most) a day. I just - there isn't space inside my head at the moment. If you want to talk, drop me a line.

 I dare you to listen to the song urlLink "Hum Along" and NOT fall in love. On second thought, I think I'd like to keep this for me.

 "Tomorrow, Tomorrow" I remember the cities I have never seen exactly. Silver-veined Venice, Leningrad with its toffee-twisted minarets. Paris. Soon the Impressionists will be making sunshing out of shade Oh! and the uncoiling cobra alleys of Hyderabad. To have loved one horizon is insularity; it blindfolds vision, it narrows experience. The spirit is willing, but the mind is dirty. The flesh wastes itself under crumb-sprinkled linens, widening the Weltanschauung with magazines. A world's outside the door, but how upsetting to stand by your bags on a cold step as dawn roses the brickwork and before you start regretting, your taxi's coming with one beep of its horn, sidling to the curb like a hears - so you get in --- Derek Walcott "The Composer" All the others translate: the painter sketches A visible world to love or reject; Rummaging into his living, the poet fetches The images out that hurt and connect, From Life to Art by painstaking adaption, Relying on us to cover the rift; Only your notes are pure contraption, Only your song is an absolute gift. Pour out your presence, a delight cascading The falls of the knee and the weirs of the spine; Our climate of silence and doubt invading; You alone, alone, imaginary song, Are unable to say an existence is wrong, And pour out your forgiveness like a wine. ---W H Auden

 I'm really hoping this weekend is boring. I hope that's not too much to ask. After the last couple of weeks, I think I deserve a day or two off. We're fully out of the apt. It was really anticlimactic - I cleaned the one spot Mark mentioned, I asked if he needed me to do anything else, we talked about the deposit - and that was it. Again, hard to leave a place where one has been happy, even if you're going somewhere better. It was just a flood of memories as we walked down the stairs and out the door - made even more poignant because I know I won't be going back to that place. When we moved out of 130 we knew that urlLink Jen was moving in, so the actual flood of emotion was delayed a bit. She's moving out in a couple of weeks - so I'll have to say my goodbyes again, but a year's distance separates me from all of that, so I think I'll be OK. Memory is a really strange thing. Our fridge arrived yesterday morning. urlLink Jen , dedicated porch monkey that she is, camped out at the house until it arrived, then sent me a series of very funny emails regarding her porch monkey duties. God, I love my sister. But of course not everything could go smoothly. We had to have N's junky Jeep towed - and as soon as we started for the house, it started pouring. Nate got to the house with the towing company, only to find that we had no power. On top of that, all of our windows were open. I left my car running in the alley, took Nate's car around front, then tore through the house - soaking wet - closing windows. The trip from the back door to the garage was enough to soak me to the skin. We got the car taken care of, then had to mop up the house. Fortunately the only things that really got wet were a couple of blankets and one book - it could've been much much worse. I think the most frustrating thing was the lack of power - our neighbors on all sides had power, just not us. Oh well. It's amazing how patient you become about these things after going without power for days at a time. Sleep update: I actually slept soundly last night! Hooray! Maybe the temptation of the interweb has more to do with my sleepless nights than I thought. Or maybe reading about Kant was enough to do me in...

 Subject #2 - urlLink Jen Year of introduction - 1984 Fact of Some Note - I was the only one who thought urlLink Jen would be a girl. I met urlLink Jen in 1984. I really can't tell you much about our introduction - I just remember being at the house with Grandma and Mark while Mom was at the hospital. I don't know if we were allowed to go see her, being four and three, respectively. Our relationship has changed significantly over the last 19 years - especially in the last two or three years. When we were small we didn't get along at all - and Mark and I were terrible about teasing her. As adults (or what passes for adults), we've grown really close and our relationship is the envy of many. A few choice urlLink Jen anecdotes: When urlLink Jen was four, she really, really, really wanted a blue puppy. I don't know if anyone had told her that dogs don't normally come in blue. About 12 years later I finally gave her a blue dog. During her senior year, urlLink Jen was up for "Clip of the Day" on one of our local TV station's evening show. My coworkers and I spent the entire day clicking on the link to vote for her volleyball prowess. The prize? A six foot party sub, which she never got. urlLink Jen and I were there when our brother Eric was born. Apparently my dad thought that having us girls there for the "miracle of birth" would persuade us never to have sex. It didn't work. After she quit prom and graduated from high school, urlLink Jen came to work with me. A few months later, she moved into our old apartment when we moved to a new place. So, for almost a year, we were coworkers and neighbors, as well as sisters and friends. People at our workplace begged to be included in our family. Some things I love about her: She has been loyal and supportive of me, even if she doesn't always understand my actions. We can be totally silly together, yet still sit up all night talking about the things that matter. She is a super divalicious fashion consultant. She misguidedly loves Orlando Bloom, even though he looks like a bunny. She is the best porch monkey and sister anyone could ask for.

 My countdown clock now reads 1 day, 7 hours, 4 minutes. Wow. Apparently there was some confusion as to when my actual last day is - so I got my going-away presents today - lots of fun officey stuff, brightly colored school supplies in a fun bag. It's so - me - and so fun. I'm excited. I will miss my coworkers and my job. I can't believe it's almost here. I can't believe tomorrow's my last day. I can't believe I will be moving in two days. It's so bittersweet, leaving all this behind. I talked to urlLink Missy about this last night - her parents are in the process of moving away from their family home and she's having a hard time with it. She talked about doing a "casting off" - urlLink Tashlikh - typically done at the beginning of the new year to symbolize the casting away of sins. She did one this weekend both for the holiday and as a way of forming closure on her life in the old house. I think I need to do the same - a casting off of this old life before I begin the new. Why do we move? Why do we stay in the same place? I want to make sure I'm doing this for the right reasons - but it seems like any reason to go or stay is completely arbitrary. A job. A lover. A school. How are those reasons any more/less valid than moving cos you're happy in the other place? Maybe I'm trying to justify - I don't know. I'm not moving for a job or a lover - school is a possible benefit, but the main thing is being happy, starting over, being close to friends who have become my lifeline. I won't be in Champaign forever - I'm not afraid of permanence - just change. Always change. And if I'm not happy there, if there aren't reasons to stay, I won't stay. I started urlLink Against Love: A Polemic last night. It's - different. I thought it would affirm my thoughts about marriage and fidelity - but maybe they've changed again since I read the review in August. I don't want adultery to be glorified. I don't know if not-monogamy is ideal. I find myself in a strange place between commitment and "freedom," between monogamy and not. I don't want either of those dualities to be mocked - not the beginning or the end - and I think that's why I'm struggling. But then I'm only about 40 pages in. Back to work, I guess. We're slow and I'll probably end up reading in a few minutes, but I should keep up the facade. I only have hours left. backBlog('277','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 I don't understand doctors. I saw my doctor this afternoon - a follow-up visit to see how I'm doing on Lexapro. I went off Lexapro two weeks ago - struggled through withdrawal - but am feeling great now, better than while I was on the meds and definitely better than before I broke down. I've also gone off Ambien and my sleep, while still fitful, is better than before. So why then is she putting me on Paxil? I don't think I'm crazy to say that I don't want or intend to take it. A really nice weekend - met urlLink Shawn at Moonstruck after my interviews and got totally soaked in the sudden downpour - dinner at Miko with urlLink Sarah , Hannah, Amity, Chris, urlLink Shawn and Sara - then back to Sara's to watch urlLink Waiting for Guffman . A grocery store adventure, then bed. Saturday I finally met my landlord - urlLink Shawn and urlLink Sarah and I moved my stuff from urlLink Sarah 's garage to the apartment - lunch at Aroma, then urlLink Sarah left for work and urlLink Shawn walked back to the apt in the late-afternoon sunlight. I love love love that there's a park right across the street from my apt. We lounged around and discovered the wonders that are urlLink Luther and urlLink Alien Sex Party (which I'll have you know they do NOT carry at Blockbuster or Hollywood). Dinner at Pho Tran - yum - then the failed urlLink Alien Sex Party hunt - urlLink Secretary instead. Good choice - erotic and strange and wonderful - I liked that a BDSM relationship was presented as a real thing, not just kink. urlLink Monty Python & the Holy Grail for cheap, then much-desired sleep. I was literally falling asleep at the movie. Sunday saw Nunsense with urlLink Sarah and Hannah in Rantoul, then made dinner for urlLink Shawn and headed home. A delicious feeling knowing that I won't have to make that trip every weekend - that weekends like these won't be separated from my "real life" by several hours and much longing. I can't believe I have just two more days here - here, work and here, Rockford. I just can't believe it. I can't believe my new life is at my fingertips - that the things I've longed for are nearly here. I can't believe I'm about to go, to leave this world behind, to start over, to be renewed, restarted. There are things that I am leaving that I will miss deeply - friends and family, jobs and hang-outs, lives and loves and lifetimes. But this is good. Once I'm gone my internet access may be sporadic for a little while - but rest assured that if I take a hiatus, I will be back after not too long. backBlog('276','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 What a great week. I'm tired but hap-hap-happy. With the random things that happen to me - why don't I go to more shows? Last night was urlLink Ludo at the Liquid Lyrics Lounge in Madison. Noelle and Brandi met me there - nice to see them - I'm so glad I made it out despite the previous night's exhaustion. The urlLink Ludo boys were super cute and excited that I was there (if you're reading this, hi!) - the show was a lot of fun and I've been listening to urlLink the album since I left. Thinking about shows and urlLink Almost Famous the last two days. From urlLink an interview with urlLink Damien : "When I go onstage, and I get this from when I went busking, I love the gigs most of all when I get so lost inside, that the audience doesn’t matter. But actually I’m doing it for them. When I go see someone play what I want to see is someone who is not trying to impress or entertain me… they do what they do so truly that I am lost in them, because they are lost in themselves." That is why I love music. The scene in urlLink Almost Famous that always, always gets me is towards the end - Fairuza Balk's character is talking to Billy Crudup about "the new girls" - how they don't take birth control and eat all the steak - but more importantly that "They don't even know what it is to be a fan. Y'know? To truly love some silly little piece of music, or some band, so much that it hurts." And at that point, I'm reduced to tears. I know - I know. I know what it is to love a silly little piece of music so much that it hurts. How else to explain the visceral memories of Amsterdam, the fact that I'm still writing and rewriting those days and adventures - the way the right chord sequence or soaring voice will just rip my heart out - the way I get totally lost in the moment, in a concert, in a cd - the way that "Sister Awake" transfixes me every single fucking time? Sometimes I find it incredible that I didn't/haven't ended up in a career that involves music because it is in so many ways the currency of my memory. So, in honor of all this, my top ten shows: 1. urlLink The Tea Party - Melkveg, Amsterdam - 9 February 2000 Hands down the best musically - on the list - front and center - my whole body shaking 2. urlLink The Tea Party - Nighttown, Rotterdam - 10 February 2000 After Amsterdam, before the jam, having spent the entire night out with Trevor - my last Tea Party show for so so long 3. urlLink Damien Rice - Park West, Chicago - 23 September 2003 Fucking amazing - the album means so much to me that the intimacy of the show only heightened the emotional effect 4. urlLink VAST - The Metro, Chicago - October 2000 My first urlLink VAST show - Jon is commandingly intense and insanely beautiful - feels like he's only looking at you. 5. urlLink Tool - Alliant Energy Center, Madison - 8 September 2001 A driving, pounding intensity - several thousand people held in their sway - just dancing and moving near the front, letting the music move me 6. urlLink The Tea Party - Brixton Academy, London - 6 February 2000 A night of such joy - the first night on the list - so so many people there for urlLink Queensryche that leave raving about urlLink Tea Party . 7. urlLink VAST - House of Blues, Chicago - November 2000 urlLink VAST is headlining a sold out show - up front in vinyl - the music is fun, the audience is better, a guitar pick from Jon and a bag of pretzels from Justin - they remember me next time. 8. urlLink Pigface - The Rave, Milwaukee - December 2001 What a great time - always unpredictable, always super cool - Seibold and Curse and Godhead - and oh fuck, they're playing "Suck" and the entire venue is bouncing and screaming. 9. urlLink Arlo Guthrie - Milwaukee - April 1999 He plays "Amazing Grace" and Kevin and I just cry. 10. urlLink The Tea Party - Barrymore Theatre, Madison - 17 November 1997 The first introduction to urlLink The Tea Party and the bass is so heavy I have to go outside or get sick. Moved physically before emotionally - the beginning of great things. So my conclusion is that there needs to be a better term for "female fan that follows a band around but doesn't necessarily sleep with them" than "groupie." I'm not a fucking groupie, not even with some of my sketchier band-related adventures. I like "band aid" better - but there has to be something better still. I'm a fan. That's all. backBlog('275','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 urlLink Damien. Rice. was. fucking. incredible. Seriously, one of the best shows I've ever been to. Incredible. If you have the chance to go see him, GO. He is only going to get bigger. The venue was perfect - intimate - the music overwhelming - Damien fucking amazing - he covered the Buckley version of "Hallelujah" and "Glory Box." I cried during Hallelujah and literally about lost it when he ended with "Glory Box." What more can I say? Actually I probably will say more, but that's enough for now. After the show urlLink Shawn and I walked down Clark for a while - got some food at a pasta place - I had gnocchi in a rosemary gorgonzola sauce. Yum. We went to urlLink Neo - there were literally six of us there - two people dancing, two people at the bar, two people hanging out in the corner (us). I haven't been there in so so long - I miss it. I love urlLink Neo because you can be anyone or anything there and no one cares. Tuesday night, around 11:30, and there was a guy in a skirt dancing in the middle of the empty dance floor - his girl sitting by the wall reading. After some wanderings around (and finding some horses!!), we located my car (I was parked on a not-through one-way) and headed home - I stopped for a Krispy Kreme donut. A wonderful, wonderful night. "I can't take my eyes off of you..." backBlog('274','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 This should be an interesting week. Lots of time in my car. Tonight I have nothing planned - tomorrow I'm meeting urlLink Shawn in Chicago to see urlLink Damien Rice. I'm wicked excited about all but the drive straight from work. Wednesday I'm going to Madison to see urlLink Ludo at what appears to be a pretty shady bar - Noelle might come up to meet me. Thursday I'll be home, then Friday I'm leaving work at 11 to drive to Champaign - interview at urlLink Busey at 3pm, then at urlLink Follett bookstore at 4pm, then hopefully getting my keys and moving my crap into the apartment. Sunday it's back to Rockford, hanging out for a couple of days, then done at work on Wednesday and moving on Thursday. Whew. I'm really glad I had a weekend of nothing. I know my busyness has everything to do with plans and pretty much nothing to do with responsibility - but it'll still be quite the week/10 days. It's all happening..... backBlog('273','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 The temperature needs to stop fluctuating in this house. It was freezing in the basement, cold on the main floor, and cool upstairs. So I turned on the heat. Now it is cozy in the basement, cool on the main floor, and warmish upstairs with the windows open. The heat is off. Damned strange thermostats. Finished urlLink Life of Pi just now - more thoughts on that in a second, but first some musings on urlLink Amazon. I clicked through to look at some of the reviews on urlLink Life of Pi and was amused at a lot of things. One: the other recommended books - specifically urlLink Middlesex and urlLink The Lovely Bones . urlLink Middlesex ? I suppose these associations are fairly arbitrarily chosen based on purchase history - but seeing these three (somewhat) recent reads lumped together was odd. Also odd to see my old friend Chuck linked as a similar and recommended author. Never would've seen that one coming. Two: the review by Alex Constantin. He comments that while he immediately understood why, say, urlLink The God of Small Things won the Booker, he didn't have that same experience with urlLink Life of Pi . I'm still puzzling through that myself - a lot to process - but I can definitely understand the comment because I had that experience with urlLink Middlesex and the Pulitzer. Haha, a connection! I finished urlLink Middlesex and said - what? I suppose it's one that bears a rereading because the inherent value of the work didn't occur to me until much later - but I don't think I can bring myself to do it. I'm still puzzling over urlLink Life of Pi but as there isn't as much, well, bizarreness, I think it will merit a second read. Again, still processing. And I suppose my thoughts on urlLink Pi can be divided into two parts - the religious and the fictional aspects. I think maybe that's why I'm confused about the award-winning - because (at least in my mind) the book starts off as one thing and ends as something entirely different. Pi's conversions were wonderful and thought-provoking, especially having just finished urlLink And It Was Good . In urlLink And It Was Good , Madeleine L'Engle embraces her agnosticism: "I reply, joyfully, that I am still an agnostic, but then I was an unhappy one, seeking finite answers, and now I am a happy one, rejoicing in paradox. Agnostic means only that we do not know , and we finite creatures cannot know, in any intellectual or ultimate way, the infinite Lord, the undivided Trinity. Now I am able to accept my not-knowing - and rey, in a completely different way, in the old biblical way, I also know what I do not understand, and that is what my agnosticism means to me now. It does not mean that I do not believe; it is an acceptance that I am created, that I am asked to bear the light, knowing that this is the most wonderful of all vocations." Compare that to urlLink Pi : "To choose doubt as a philosophy of life is akin to choosing immobility as a means of transportation." Hmm. I understand both sides - and where they intersect. I'm wondering if I'm more attuned to this portion of urlLink Pi because of just finishing L'Engle. Either way - I found that interesting. Pi's confrontation with the "three wise men" also reminded me of L'Engle - he and his parents meet with a priest, an imam, and a pandit - Pi has recently become a devotee of all three religions. Rather than discussing the ways this faith - this beautiful love of God and God alone, no matter the name - is admirable or unique or even just weird - they attack each other. Rather than admitting that this boy sees the ways that loving God intersects, no matter the name you've chosen for him - they resort to name-calling and finger-pointing - which only proves Pi's faith as being the more authentic. L'Engle discusses faith and the nature of faith in terms of scientific knowledge, stating that the more we argue a point, the more we're sure we're right and are intractable in that belief - the more we are limiting God, God's truth, God's love and infinity. We do not need to prove God - or protect God - from or to anyone, any more than Pi would have benefited from arguing his "case" to the wise men. Faith just - is. Beautiful. But the fiction? I don't know. I read urlLink Pi quickly - in a few hours over the last two days - and perhaps I missed something. Back to Constantin's review - I found the end unsatisfying, though surprising. What is real? What was real? The pedantic answer is, duh, none of it's real - but characters this invested with life possess some reality, even if it ends when you close the book. The other story? It is much easier to believe - but it also divests the narrative as a whole of its weight while raising questions not easily answered (see above). If the other story is the true one, the psychological ramifications are more interesting but the survival aspect is lessened. It will be interesting to reread urlLink Pi with the knowledge of the other story - to see how it influences interpretation the second time around. So - I liked it, but I'm dissatisfied. I enjoyed the religious discussions at the beginning and was disappointed that this particular element was not carried through to the end - though I suppose agnosticism is. You're given a brilliant narrative - and then at the last moment, the rug is pulled out from under you - and you're given a choice: faith or doubt. At least you know that bananas float. If you've read urlLink Pi , I'd be really interested to hear your comments on this and the novel as a whole. backBlog('271','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 urlLink A.S. Byatt on Harry Potter . Your thoughts? backBlog('272','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 "Slowly I have realized that I do not have to be qualified to do what I am asked to do, that I just have to go ahead and do it, even if I can't do it as well as I think it ought to be done. This is one of the most liberating lessons of my life." Madeleine L'Engle, urlLink And It Was Good I ask simply - give me strength. backBlog('270','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 We might live like never before When there's nothing to give Well how can we ask for more We might make love in some sacred place The look on your face is delicate -- urlLink Damien Rice , urlLink "Delicate" urlLink This article is sort of hit or miss - some parts are really wonderful, others more mundane - and it really speaks to the sort of communion I am seeking - by myself, with others, with life in general. I want that intense intimacy - that love for all things - that sense of knowing and truly being known. backBlog('269','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 I don't know if I've ever been this tired in my entire life. My whole body feels drained - emotionally, physically, mentally. I just want to sleep for days on end. I'm wondering if some of this is Lexapro withdrawal. I don't want to - but maybe I should start taking it again just until my life is a little more stable. Going to Madison to see urlLink Dave Attell and Lewis Black in Madison tonight. I'm going to have to go home and sleep before we go - the show isn't until 10:30 and there's NO way I'll make it otherwise. On the bright side, I do officially have a lease - and a phone number and long distance. While signing up for long distance I found out exactly what all those calling card calls are going to cost me - HOLY FUCK - but I'll deal with that bill when it comes. Now I'm doing fun things like making lists of Things To Do in preparation for the move. A little preemptive, I know, but I'll feel better if things are (relatively) in order. At the top of the list for the week of 9/29/03: MOVE . And for those keeping track, urlLink a countdown clock , courtesy of my friend Clint. backBlog('268','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 I've come to the conclusion that sleep is incredibly powerful - specifically, the amount of sleep I do or do not get has a more direct effect on my mood than any drug. I slept like SHIT last night - to bed at 10:30, awake at 11:30, awake at 12:30, up for a bit, sleep around 1, awake at 2, awake at 3 - late night phone call - then sleep til 5:30. I'm so tired of not sleeping. I'm so tired of being fragile in the morning because I didn't sleep. I'm tired of keeping the people around me (and within dialing distance) awake because I can't sleep. I'm just - bleck. And then when I don't sleep I get overly sentimental and overly judgemental and overly a lot of things - and I think things I don't really believe and I worry about things that aren't real - and it's just a sad state of affairs. I just want to be healthy and well-adjusted and get reasonable amounts of sleep and have reasonable amounts of happiness. That's all. backBlog('267','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 I turned in my notice at work today. I'm terrified. My boss was really terrific - she knew it was coming and said "Oh no!" when I asked if she had a minute. I just sent out an email to the department and my other friends here letting them know - and everyone's been great so far. It's just scary, flinging myself at uncertainty. I know it will be beautiful though. Questions from urlLink Sarah . At some point I'm going to STOP asking for interviews. 1. What is your favorite memory of me? Wow. One of my favorite memories would have to be the many nights we spent playing hide and go seek with Jason and Dustin et al - lying in the grass in my front yard, staring at the stars, just being. And the morning before the wedding when I was so hung over and sick and you gave me a letter you'd written the night before, talking about how much you loved me, how much you admired my capacity to love - and I just cried. And our moves the last three months - helping you into your house with urlLink Hannah - you helping me pack, first for the house, then out of the house. I feel like we're so much closer now than we were even three months ago. So no, I can't pick just one. 2. Where do you see yourself in ten years? If you'd asked me this question six months ago, my answer would've been dramatically different. I really don't know. All of the things I thought I wanted in my life - that I thought I would have by that time - have now been brought into question. I would like to be living somewhere beautiful (urban/suburban/not quite rural) with a partner I adore and cats and books and laughter and lots of light. I would like to have found a career I love - an office of my own - again, books and light and laughter and fulfillment. Maybe I'll have a child. I hope to be traveling and reading and cooking and writing and thinking and loving and laughing. I hope to bring joy to the people around me. I hope to be - happy. 3. If you could remind me of one thing you know I've forgotten from the last ten years, what would it be? Oh Lord. So now I'm supposed to know you as well as I know myself - AND know what you've forgotten? Hmm. God, I don't know. Remember the first time we went to Java Bean? Nothing in particular sticks out about that trip other than the feeling that we were exceptionally grown up and special because we went to a coffee shop on our own. What a nice feeling. I'm still discovering that. 4. Why do you want to come to grad school? I want to come to grad school because I need to be engaged in intellectual pursuits. I want to come to grad school because I need to surround myself with people who think. I want to come to grad school because , while I've resisted it for two years, I really think academia is part of my calling. I want to come to grad school to wrestle out what that calling is and entails. I want to come to grad school because, really, I enjoy being overeducated (but not necessarily underpaid). 5. What fruit does chalk not write on? Pears? What a strange question. I really have no idea. I give up. 6. Who is your favorite poet? (Justify if you feel the need) I read so little poetry - I have read so little poetry - that answering this question seems a bit false. I'm going to have to say TS Eliot - though I really love urlLink this poem by Robert Herrick. Good question! I am a sad, sad English major. 7. What is your favorite moment from the last two months? There have been so many. I would have to go with either Sunday afternoon, sitting around reading and drinking tea and talking and playing with the fuzzy lumpkins and just being - or the hour or two before the housewarming party, featuring three dips in three food processors simultaneously AND the lovefest. "Your hair looks so pretty!" "No, YOUR hair looks so pretty." So happy. So silly. So us. 8. What's the first thing you're going to cook in your new apartment? Either homemade tomato bisque and grilled cheese sandwiches - or a proper meal: roast chicken, Grandma's fab mashed potatoes and a pie. I suppose that depends on if I'm cooking just for me - or for company. 9. What do you need from me? Everything I need, I have. The depth of your love and support amazes me. You amaze me. I need you to need me - to love me - to do all the things that come naturally to you after all these years. backBlog('266','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 I'm not even really here today. My mind and body have been asleep pretty much the entire day - I'm just sort of squeaking by on the promise of free food tonight and then sleep, blessed sleep. I get my car back tomorrow, so there's some semblence of independence restored. I wish I could say more but I just - can't. However here's a urlLink lovely interview with Douglas Coupland , so maybe that'll suffice. backBlog('265','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 A lovely weekend of reading and friends and sunshine and cats and movies and free free free books. My stack in urlLink Sarah and urlLink Hannah 's garage is growing ever-larger. Makes me happy. I have probably one carload left at urlLink Nate's , then furniture. Interview today with urlLink Busey Bank . I'm not a career banker, but it would pay the bills. Maybe. We'll see. Still no word from the urlLink CPL , but I did hear from the landlord about the apartment I love. As long as I have a good cosigner, I'm in! A busy day at work - well, not inordinately busy. urlLink Dan and I wrote up a WHOLE LOT of transfers, only for me to discover that there was a lot of overlap in what we did - so about half the transfers didn't actually have to be written up - at least not by both of us. Damn my aching shoulders. At least we get free food tomorrow. Still not quite done with urlLink The Drawing of the Three , but if I have ANY chance to read tonight, I'll finish. I meant to finish it Thursday night but watched urlLink the extended edition of Fellowship of the Ring . Mmm, Aragorn. So I revealed this weekend that I can't multiply, I'm awful at Scrabble, and I am on occasion late for social engagements due to urlLink Lord of the Rings . And somehow I still have friends? How does that work? backBlog('264','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 An interview from urlLink Shawn's urlLink Jen(n) : 1. Oreos: Original or Double-Stuffed? Original - but I'm a big fan of the white chocolate ones - and the mini Oreos. 2. Why is everyone in love with Aragorn instead of those cute little hobbits? I think it has to do with his rugged hotness. I mean, the hobbitses are adorable - but DAMN. 3. Why urlLink Shawn ? Because of the places we intersect and diverge. Because he's constantly surprising me. Because he lets me be me AND knows the value of free books AND wasn't inordinately pissed when I locked us out of his apartment this weekend. Because I can't help it. 4. Explain the true evil force that is known as a Hostess Twinkie. When the rest of the world is destroyed in a nuclear holocaust, Twinkies will live on. urlLink Peeps too, but that's an entirely different form of evil. 5. Since #4 does not end in "?" does it still count? I believe so. 6. Eenie, Meenie, Miney, or Moe? Eenie because it has lots of Es. But then I suppose Meenie does too. I'm conflicted. 7. Do tigers have toes? urlLink Yes but I wouldn't try to catch one. 8. You have already stated that you are a question whore. Are you a whore of any other variety as well? I am a free book whore. And a free food whore. And a free fun thing to do whore. And probably other kinds of whores, but not the kind of whore who uses my body or my love to get things I want. 9. Why is it that all people named Jen(n) seem to be so incredible? I think it's all the Ns. 10. If you had to live w/o one of the 5 senses, which would be the one to go? Good Lord, that's a tough one. Can I say my sense of balance? Oh wait, that's pretty much gone already. I'd probably have to go with taste. I love love love food but would still be able to appreciate it with my senses of smell and touch, so I think I can deal. 11. to, too, or two? I wanna go too!!!! 12. Which witch is which? Glinda is the one in the pretty pink dress. Then there's the witch that gets squished from whom Dorothy takes the ruby slippers - and the Wicked Witch of the West who has flying monkeys. Clear enough? 13. What should I go make for lunch? Grilled cheese sandwiches and tomato soup. Yum. Best meal ever. backBlog('263','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 I know I'm a bad sister for going away on your birthday, dearest urlLink sister o' mine , but I hope you'll forgive me. I hope you have a stupendously awesome birthday filled with great hair and jumping up and down. Wicked awesome questions from urlLink Jenn : 1. Would you rather be kidnapped by a cowboy or a pirate? Why? A pirate. Definitely. Some reasons: 1. I don't much like cowboys but I love love love pirates. 2. I like the open sea. 3. I can "arrrrrr" with the best of 'em. 4. I have a feeling that were I kidnapped by a cowboy I would be forced to do physical labor in a dry and dusty place = ick. 5. Really, pirates are just cool. 2. What is your favorite book and why? My favorite book has to be urlLink Microserfs by Douglas Coupland. I don't know if I could clearly define why - but this book has returned to me and I to it so many times in the last six years - and each time I find or take away something new. 3. Have you travelled outside of the US? If so, to where? If not, would you like to, and where would you go? I have been to the following countries: Canada, France, England, Scotland (yes, I know it's not technically a separate country), Holland, Monaco, and Spain. Am I forgetting something? I don't think so. I am dying to travel again - I haven't left the country in two years and my passport has expired - but I have to go and soon. I would like to see the rest of Europe, Australia, New Zealand, and Morocco. Other places too, but that's my list for now. 4. Do you believe in love at first sight? I don't know. I think it's possible - but I haven't ever experienced it. I've felt connections that took my breath away - but that wasn't always at first sight - maybe second or third or fifth sight - maybe the first time I truly saw and was seen. 5. What is the best gift (material or otherwise) that you've ever received? Wow. Wow. The two best material gifts I can ever remember receiving were both this past Christmas. urlLink Nate got me a string of pearls - I wore my grandma's at the wedding and had commented while we were dancing that I would like to have my own pearls one day. The fact that he remembered made me cry. urlLink Sarah 's Christmas present touched me in entirely different ways - she gave me a pack of cigarettes, a bottle of Jack Daniels, a blue journal, and a framed photo/plaque/thing inscribed with a quote (in 5+ languages) from Faulkner stating that all a writer needs are paper, tobacco, and a little whisky - this in honor of me finishing my urlLink NaNoWriMo novel. The best non-material gift? urlLink So urlLink much urlLink love urlLink has urlLink been urlLink extended urlLink to urlLink me urlLink by urlLink so urlLink many urlLink people urlLink in urlLink my urlLink life . That has to be the greatest gift of all. I've decided I really like the name 'Liane.' I had a really awesome art history teacher named Liane when I was at urlLink RC . I didn't like her enough to name a child after her - but I do like the name enough to give it to a future progeny. So I guess I can add Liane to the ever-growing list of future children's names - not that having children is something that is going to happen in the foreseeable future. Other names on the list? Sasha, Max, and Sophie. urlLink James 's entry today about Johnny Cash really hit home with me - he talks about being saved. "maybe they spend long hours talking to people they trust who help them pick apart and sift through the dusty pieces of themselves, trying to decide just which parts they’ll continue to carry and which parts they’ll leave in the pile." I feel like that's where I am now - where I'm emerging from. Finding the pieces that come with me and the pieces I will leave behind. And I'm sad about Johnny Cash's passing, even though he and his music have never been particularly important to me. I was pissed when I heard he was going to cover "Hurt" but was won over when I actually heard it. He was such an icon - such an important person and influence in music for such a long time - that it's sad that he's gone. At least he and June are together again. Going to Champaign tonight. I'm excited that things like spending time with urlLink Sarah and urlLink Hannah and urlLink Shawn are becoming the rule rather than the exception - that being there is starting to feel as much like home as being here. It's a good sign - but causes heartache when I have to leave Sunday night. This is one of the first times I can say that I spend my week living for the weekend. And now I'm really tired. It's icky out - warm but raining, and not a good sort of rain. Just sort of - blah. I had a nice lunch with sMom and urlLink Jen at Mary's Market (complete with leftovers for dinner) but now am back at worked and (surprise) booored. I just want to curl up with a cat or a friend or a fuzzy blanket and take a nice snuggly warm nap. Mmm, nap. backBlog('262','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 An anniversary. I can't decide if I give these things credence or not. There are things we should never forget - but where do we draw the boundary line between never forgetting and always remembering? Can one be addicted to blogging? I find myself wanting to write about so many things, both intimate and ridiculous, and have to exert restraint to not do so. News of the day: urlLink Dan has started a blog. I am drinking cranberry juice and wanting to take my shoes off. Tonight I'm making Indian food of some sort - chicken and jasmine rice. I'm half done with urlLink The Drawing of the Three , which I expect to finish tonight. Last night was the first real night of un-Ambiened sleep in six weeks. On the edge of such uncertainty, my life has become rather calm. backBlog('261','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 An interview from the terrific urlLink James : 1. If you could have one of the following powers, which would you choose: the ability to play all musical instruments as soon as you pick them up OR the ability to speak all foreign languages at will. You know, that's a tough one. I would really, really like to be a musical prodigy - but I think being able to speak any foreign language at will would be a more practical power. So really, as I don't seem to be destined for rock stardom, I'm going with the languages. At least that'll increase the chances of getting laid. :) 2. What was the first song you ever remember slow dancing to? Oh lord. I remember "Hotel California" being on right when we walked in to Homecoming my Junior year. It was my first real dance - the gym looked amazing - and I had a great time. I do not, however, remember slow dancing so much as I remember all of us standing in a circle with our arms around each other singing along with "American Pie." There must've been slow dances then and at other dances - but the first one I really remember was dancing with Dustin to "Wonderful Tonight" at Prom my Senior year. 3. When was the last time you laughed for so long that your stomach or face hurt? What was so funny? I never laugh as much as I do when I'm around urlLink Amanda . The night before the housewarming party she and I laughed until we nearly pissed ourselves - about everything. One highlight: at one point we discovered that this giant grasshopper had taken up residence in my office. We tried to kill it. I smacked it down off the ceiling, then it proceeded to hop/fly away. Some manic smacking ensued, at which point it appeared to be dead. I scooped it up and put it in the trash - only to glance over half an hour later and see the fucker climbing back out of the trash! urlLink Amanda put on my shoe and stomped the hell out of it - we decided that if it came back to life, we were going to worship it. It didn't, but we laughed a lot. 4. Would you rather be able to speed read or read lips? Speed read, definitely. I'm sure reading lips has its benefits - but if I can't hear what people are saying, chances are I don't need to. 5. If you could move to any other state in the union, where would you move to and why? I would really like to live on both coasts, but haven't settled on any particular state. I haven't done enough traveling as an adult to really get a feel for places that would suit me. Unfortunate but true. Any recommendations? urlLink Heidi has started a blog! Hoo-rah! Welcome to the blogging world, kid. Today I am officially tired of being a girl. The things that go along with being a girl suck so much at times. I won't go into the fun little biological details - just, I get sick of having a female body sometimes. Not that I'd want to be a boy - just, whatever. urlLink Ursula linked to urlLink this article , which sums up quite a quandary in my life and the lives of many people around me - the blogging world, if you will. What is public and what should be kept private? Believe it or not, there are a lot of things I keep just for me - things that I'm dying to write about yet I know this isn't the right forum. One thing I've definitely learned in my year and a half of blogging is to choose my words wisely. Again, you might not believe that given the length of entries these days - but I do. I've written about things that were wholly inappropriate - and that has hurt people. I'm sorry. I'm trying to find the boundary line, and sometimes I stray over it. Please let me know if I do. Not much else to report today, I guess. I had an exciting trip to the grocery store last night - my first real visit to Woodman's. I'm a grocery tourist. It's true. I had been to the liquor department there but never the actual grocery store part. Wicked exciting. I read more of urlLink The Gunslinger after talking to urlLink Sarah and urlLink Shawn , then went to bed early. Exciting times, these. backBlog('260','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 Good Lord, moving is a pain in the arse. I could've told you that several times over - but this time it's almost worse. At least when we moved into the house we had places to put our stuff - now I'm moving by carload - and each carload has to sit in my car until I can get to urlLink Sarah and Hannah's. Which means that the stuff in my car will have to sit there until Friday night at the earliest. Ugh. I super appreciate Nate letting me come by last night - and all the packing he and Joe have done for me - but it still sucks to have yet another week with my car full of crap. And it's not like my stuff has a home - it will just sit in the garage until I find a home. Which I am no closer to than I was a week ago. Reason #4,098,531 to love urlLink my sister : she brought me donuts from Edwards Apple Orchard. Started reading urlLink The Gunslinger from The Dark Tower series last night after Dan AND Jim AND urlLink Shawn recommended it. Actually I wasn't totally won over until urlLink Shawn sent the books home with me. Who am I to argue with loaned books? Really. Thus far it's good - fairly engrossing, though some plot points are a bit plodding. I suppose I should just be grateful that there are no cars from another dimension.....yet. backBlog('259','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 A nice weekend. Spent lots of time with urlLink Sarah and urlLink Shawn and urlLink Hannah - got to see Lucky, Mark, and urlLink Missy , however briefly. Mark's house isn't the hellhole he's made it out to be - and Lucky's hair is now orange. Hmm. I made urlLink Shawn watch urlLink The Hours - lost at Trivial Pursuit - was dragged along not unwillingly to an English department function - looked at apartments - fell in love with the urlLink Champaign Public Library despite some really weird organization things - bought some used books for cheap! - left late and arrived home exhausted but happy. I need more weekends like this. Being there and leaving just intensified my desire to be there all the time - to be able to do things like breakfast with friends and lunches out and wandering used bookstores and just being to the top of my bent. I'm tired in many ways but glad I went. The apartment search has hopefully born fruit - I fell in love with an apartment on Church, just off this pretty little park, a block up from a Thai restaurant - within walking distance of just about everything, including urlLink the library . The bedroom has big windows and was full of sunlight in mid-afternoon - the living room and kitchen are cool - and the shower head does NOT stop at my shoulder. That's a big plus. I could see being very happy there - really making the place my own. I'm hoping it works out. It would be too too miraculous. One thing I didn't accomplish this weekend was any reading - which in the grand scheme of things is alright. I picked up urlLink Lust by Susan Minot, urlLink Kitchen by Banana Yoshimoto, a collected volume of the Chretien romances, urlLink The Book of Disquiet by Fernando Pessoa (recommended to me by Jason Watts last Septober 41st), and urlLink Charlotte Gray by Sebastian Faulks. In addition to those, I bought some books at the library for $1.00. AND urlLink Shawn lent me a new stack in addition to the existing stack. It's so nice to have books flowing into my life again, though I'm getting desperately behind. Oh, and today Ylda returned my copy of urlLink The Hours . I heart books. They make me so happy. Responses from urlLink Diva Kate , who has not started a blog: 1. What is the best thing about living in Tejas other than your family? i loved the idea of starting over completely in a new place where no one knew me for who i USED to be. since i've moved down here i have found a real sense of who i truly am (cheesy but true) 2. Describe the ultimate Diva Kate Punk Rock Show. here's what i'm thinking. live band in the upstairs of my house, with me dancing around in my underwear (duh) and waking up my ENTIRE family. oh, and it would be broadcast on mtv and in the middle of times square. 3. Why journalism instead of interior design? because i need to write more than i need to breathe. and i hate details, being the big-picture kind of girl that i am. and let me tell you, interior design is ALL about details. 4. Why pirates? well, why not? a good buccaneer has a creative vocabulary (including vast references to "booty"), colorful wardrobe, and the ability to make anyone who opposes me walk the plank. 5. Where do you see yourself in five years? in five years i should be either finishing up or finished with grad. school, residing on the east coast and doing MUCH overseas travel for my happening career as a magazine writer. i'll definitely still be single. possibly even starting to work my way up to editor of a small indie mag? Great answers. Rock. Back to work. It'd be nice to accomplish something. backBlog('258','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 This week has been sooooooo long. Really, the last six weeks have been sooooo long. Maybe there aren't enough Os to really represent how long these weeks have been. I think that's a strong possibility. I am exhausted. I started and finished urlLink Fugitives & Refugees , thus ending my resolve to not read any more urlLink Chuck books this week. Yes, we're on a first name basis. That's mainly cos I don't really know how to pronounce his last name and I feel better about just calling him urlLink Chuck . Anyway, urlLink Fugitives & Refugees was really good - a series of vignettes and travel tips about and within Portland, Oregon - my close personal friend urlLink Chuck 's home since 1980. Some of them are crazy, some are fun, but all are uniquely urlLink Chuck 's. You can really see how his environment has shaped his fiction - and his worldview. At the very beginning he quotes Katherine Dunn, author of urlLink Geek Love (which I have not read), who says "Everyone in Portland is living a minimum of three lives." I like that. Started urlLink The Gold Bug Variations today on lunch. My friend Nicole commented that this is the fifth book she's seen me with this week. I like that as well. Tonight I'm heading to Champaign directly from work. Not looking forward to the drive - but am looking forward to seeing my friends and looking at apartments tomorrow. I'm going to meet up with Mark at some point this weekend, at which point I'll be telling the last of the immediate family members. We'll see how that goes. I already talked with Melissa earlier in the week, so at least he'll have someone to talk to other than sMother. I also need to find jobs to apply for. I applied for the dream job at the urlLink Champaign Public Library - when I called yesterday to leave urlLink Jen's number, I was told that the woman in charge of hiring was out for the weekend. Hope they're not trying to get rid of me cos dammit, I'm eminently qualified and would kick their asses. OK, not literally. They just don't know how much they really need me - not yet - and will kick their asses if they don't hire me. Or I'll do it for them. Or something. Yeah, I'm tired. Mmm, candy corn. I can feel my teeth rotting already - but I don't care. OK, I care. But I love candy corn more. God, this entry makes no sense. I think I'm going to stop while I'm (marginally) ahead. Have a terrific weekend - I'm not sure how much computer access I'll have - but hang in there, kids, and we'll talk soon. backBlog('257','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 I forgot that, oh yeah, everyone wants interview questions. A good thing to keep me busy. Enjoy, kids. An interview for urlLink Kate , the most fabulous diva ever: 1. What is the best thing about living in Tejas other than your family? 2. Describe the ultimate Diva Kate Punk Rock Show. 3. Why journalism instead of interior design? 4. Why pirates? 5. Where do you see yourself in five years? An interview for The D, as published by Vinny the Fish: 1. Again, explain the difference between house and techno. 2. Why come back to Rockford after SIU? Why stay here? 3. How do you sleep? (As in, on your back, on your side, wearing pants, etc.) 4. If you were a Chuck Palahniuk character, who would you be? Really think about this one. 5. Who is more scandalous: you or Scandalous Pants? And why? An interview for Heidi, the original Aussie PW, to inaugurate her to-be-announced blog: 1. I know you're very proud to be an Aussie. Tell me five great things about being Australian. 2. What's your favorite food memory of America? 3. Jeff Martin, Jeff Burrows, or Stuart Chatwood? and why? 4. You've been travelling intermittently since I met you. Where's your favorite place and why? 5. Give me a good "Hello America" opener. I fell down urlLink Jen's stairs last night. That was exciting and now my ass is sore. Not so exciting. Finished urlLink Lullaby last night, which was really fucking good. Not as messed up as urlLink Choke , which is good cos I don't think I could handle much more of that particular brand of insanity. Can't decide if Chuck is totally fucking insane - or really, really normal. I'm leaning towards the former. This total reading blitz has been nice - I'm almost done with urlLink Letters to a Young Poet and will probably start urlLink The Gold Bug Variations today. I told my mom last night. I cried and cried and cried. I was so worried about disappointing them - I've always been worried about that - and I know that in doing what I've done, I've seriously let them down. I asked "Do you still love me?" Mom said "Yes, of course. Just because we're disappointed doesn't stop us from loving you. Or taking care of you. Or coming alongside our child when she's hurting." That was the answer I knew she'd give - but it was good to actually hear it. I told her I wanted them to take back the money they'd given us for the house - instead of it coming out of the remainder of my "college fund," my dad had just given us the money outright. I know he wanted me to have the other money in case of an emergency - but I can't feel right about that. I'm willing to take that loss. It's not a pride thing - it's a "my parents wasted a huge amount of money" thing. I don't think I'll recoup the down payment from Nate - I don't really want to. I mean, it'd be nice to have the money, but I'm not that worried about it. It's just one more hardship for him that I don't want to inflict. So today I'm feeling a little beat up emotionally and physically. Maybe it's a good thing I'm going to therapy this afternoon. backBlog('256','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 An interview for urlLink Sarah , one for each year of our friendship: 1. What exactly is a shrinkle? 2. What does being Canadian mean to you? 3. We've talked about tattoos but I don't think we've talked about piercings. If you were to get a body piercing, what would you get? (And no, you can't just say "But I don't want any!") 4. What is your favorite memory of me? (a popular question) 5. We've talked about going on vacation together. Where would you like to go if money and time were no object? 6. What are the five best things about being in grad school? 7. In what ways do you feel you've grown the most in the last nine years? 8. Remember sitting at the Phish concert reciting the major publishers and their ISBN prefixes? Yup, we're geeks. What's the prefix for Chronicle? 9. What do you need most from me? urlLink This site took my breath away. I don't know anything about the author other than what she's listed on her site - and the fact that she links to me. But please, go read. It's incredible. And so is urlLink this , which I know I've linked before, but it still astonishes and moves me. Not much else to say today. Feeling particularly homeless, despite urlLink my sister's best intentions. Nate wants his keys back by week's end - and has already started to work out the divorce. We're trying to work out the details of who gets what. I finished urlLink Choke , last night and am now halfway through urlLink Lullaby , after which I'm going to STOP reading Chuck and go back to the stack of books from urlLink Shawn that are taking up so much room in my bag. backBlog('255','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 An interview for urlLink Ada : 1. How did you and D meet? 2. What is your favorite holiday cookie or treat? And yes, it can be any holiday and any kind of treat. 3. What is your personal philosophy? 4. How do you feel about pirates? 5. What do you wish you would've done before Franklin was born? Good news: it has been approximately five days since I cried at work. Not so good news: I was off work for three of those days due to the weekend. So I suppose it's been approximately two days since I cried at work. Really, that's not so great. Reading update: I'm almost done with urlLink Choke , which can't be helping my mood. urlLink Choke , not being almost done. backBlog('254','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 I suppose this isn't the best venue to make this announcement, but other people already have. Nate and I have separated. I'm living with urlLink Jen and Cassie until I can find an apartment. My plan at the moment is to move to Champaign and start over. We have hardly begun to tell people - I haven't even told my family. They knew I've been staying with urlLink Jen and that things have been rocky - but they don't know that I'm not going home. So if you're reading this, please don't go out and call my mom. There's been a lot going on. I'm tired and just wanting to get on with my life. I love him but I can't go home. It's like after years of searching, life has found me and I can't turn my back on it this time. How to explain? On the bright side, I finally finished urlLink Galatea 2.2 and am almost done with urlLink Letters to a Young Poet , which is absolutely awesome and is touching me in so many ways. backBlog('253','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 "the truth is i bleed you when these frequencies cut me i'm a slut with a mission a singular vision i radio heaven i get mixed signals i move the antenna i switch the channels---"I Radio Heaven," urlLink Over the Rhine I find it amazing that I can always find something to do on the interweb, no matter how long or short my time frame. I heart the interweb - and it will be in my own home NEXT SATURDAY! What joy! Meat Fest 03 was a terrific success - urlLink Sarah and I made applesauce, two kinds of bread, pork chops in a cider sauce, chicken stuffed with feta, sun-dried tomatoes, and pesto, and my grandma's famous mashed potatoes. We prepped a couple of pies but didn't get around to baking them - maybe this afternoon. Nicole and Jody joined us - Missy and Amity couldn't make it. :( Lots of food, lots of wine, some random stalking of the Picadilly guy, inappropriate questions, Yahtzee, and so much laughter. A terrific evening. I'm totally in love with urlLink Over the Rhine 's urlLink Films for Radio . They didn't have it at Best Buy this morning - I may have to order. Wow. backBlog('288','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 It's Friday night and I'm hanging out at urlLink Sarah and Hannah's, doing laundry and monitoring Acadia while urlLink Sarah is at work and Hannah is en route to Philly. It's v quiet here, which is nice. I came to the realization that one of the things I really miss about Rockford is the FOOD. Yes, there's remarkable food down here - and lots of it - but these are the things/places I miss: urlLink Bacchus - creme brulee and $2 cosmos for pub quiz Basil Cafe - swordfish, wow! and their bread... urlLink Beef-a-Roo - ultimate chicken club and cheddar fries urlLink Cafe Patou - tortellini and a roll dipped in the crazy house dressing Genghis Khan - James's crazy buffet stir-fry with the sauce of your own making India House - mm, naan Mary's Market - coffee every day for years urlLink A Movable Feast - the basil sandwich, tomato dill soup, and a key lime square Nippon - my first introduction to sushi and the designated birthday place for years Thai Cuisine - nevermind the cockroach, eat the satay! urlLink The Rose - tortellini or wild mushroom crepes with asparagus Uncle Nick's - best late night food EVER - best 90c lunch as well This should be a good weekend. Hannah's in Philly, urlLink Shawn 's in Missouri. Mark's home in Rockford (eating at Nippon, if you must know). urlLink Sarah and I are going to have a Festival of Meat tomorrow along with Jody, Nicole, and Amity. Sunday is the first urlLink NaNo gathering down here. Somewhere in there I hope to make applesauce and homemade bread - get some reading done - finish cleaning and arranging my apartment - etc. Right now I'm content with a fuzzy helicopter in my lap. Awwh, Elijah, I love you too. I didn't mean it when I said I was breaking up with you. You're still my one true love. backBlog('286','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 A possible urlLink book club solution - a group blog! Check it out at urlLink fuzzyhelicopter.blogspot.com . If you'd like to join us, please let me know - we're always up for more readers. 'Night, kids. backBlog('287','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 Hoo-rah, my first paycheck from the new job. It's not stupendous, but it's a check. I'm sort of struggling with the fact that not only has my household income decreased by half (without Nate), my personal income has decreased by half as well. So I'm living off of 25% of what I had two months ago. It's OK - just an adjustment. Thank God (or Busey) for a brilliant employee assistance plan - I'm in need of more "professional" clothing and can't afford it on my own. Nearly done with urlLink How Proust Can Change Your Life by Alain de Botton. It's a good time. And no, I haven't actually read Proust. Suck it. I started urlLink The Matisse Stories tonight at the library - that's what happens when you have to wait around for a computer. It's really lovely and is giving me lots of ideas for my urlLink NaNovel . Actually it's mainly just lovely - I have no ideas. Two words: urlLink Philip , urlLink wow . I've always wanted to be a muse. :) I feel like all the things I have to say these days are either totally random (like the weird bird on my phone) or totally irrelevant or totally hyperbolic and ridiculous. Or maybe all of the above. My apologies. Hope it doesn't keep any of you away. Oh, and if you don't have anything planned for next month and don't particularly value your sanity, you need to check out urlLink NaNoWriMo . It is carefully organized insanity. Or something. I'm the Municipal Liaison for the Champaign-Urbana along with Robby, henceforth known as Bearded Library Boy. So if you're here and you want to play (or, again, don't value your sanity), you should sign up. It'll be funnnnn...... backBlog('285','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 There are two obnoxious small children at the computer next to mine. About every 2-3 minutes they will yell for the librarian (or at each other). As far as I can tell, the only reason they're using the computers is so they can watch cartoons. Somehow going to the library to watch cartoons seems to be missing the point. Work's OK. It's a job. I need to get more practical shoes - my wicked sexy interview shoes (OK, maybe they look like they belong to a Pilgrim) just aren't practical for hours on my feet. A few more days in training, then on to the campus branch and my real job. I would say it will be interesting, but I have little faith in that. My wall projects are awesome . I will post photos when I can, I promise. I made a makeshift urlLink memo board out of my entire living room wall - it doesn't look as nice, but it's definitely fun. And then there's the postcard wall which makes me smile with its radiant weirdness. Up next, the wall of mirrors. urlLink The Matrix Reloaded came out today, which is HOT HOT HOT. Now if only I can find a free DVD player.... Not much else to report, I guess. There's so much in my life right now but I'm at a loss as to where to begin. Still no phone at home - I've decided to tell AT&T to take a flying leap and have signed up for digital cable instead. We'll see how that works out. Should be a quiet week - nothing on the books til my meeting with urlLink NaNo Robby on Friday and the Celebration of Meat with urlLink Sarah this weekend while Hannah's away. Last week was very full - dinner with urlLink Sarah and urlLink Shawn on Tuesday at my place. Dinner at urlLink Sarah 's Wednesday, then drinking coffee and reading until late late. Dinner with Hannah and the MFA poetry reading Thursday. Moonstruck meeting with urlLink NaNo Robby , reading, then random Bento boxes with urlLink Shawn Friday night (including the largest shrimp ever) followed by lovely hanging out, urlLink Dirty Pretty Things and urlLink Pulp Fiction . Saturday was gorgeous and unstructured - urlLink Jen and Joe and Russ and IBM in for the party - wandering around my sunny neighborhood, then dinner and the party and random head explosions. A Super Bacon Chicken Burger at the Happy Wanderer with urlLink Shawn Sunday, then pathetic begging as I had no hot water - somehow got suckered into watching my first Law & Order episode as well - playing with urlLink House of Leaves til late and not waking up alone. Monday a day of freedom and blues, then back to work. backBlog('284','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 I finished urlLink Against Love: A Polemic last night and boy am I conflicted. I like the idea of the polemic - being provocative, making people really think about the issues - but at the same time Kipnis is so pat-herself-on-the-back about it that it's a little irritating. After 200-or-so pages about how marriage is irrelevant (or is it?) and out-dated (or is it?), she concludes with a trite little paragraph about how "against" can mean either "opposed to" or "supporting." So....what? At no point could I determine her position regarding love, marriage, relationships, commitment, etc - except that she really likes to talk. There were many valid points - but I wonder about the long-term influence of this book considering it is/will be so dated in about five minutes. I agree that marriage as an institution deserves SERIOUS investigation and criticism - we commit ourselves far too easily to a Judeo-Christian ideal of what a relationship should be like - and whoever said that marriage is/should be the culmination of love? One of her points seems to be that we are clinging to a dead (or dying) institution because we're not brave enough to change it or to even realize that it's fatally flawed. Yes? Maybe? If over 50% of (American at least) marriages end in divorce, then yes, the form (or the expectations for the form) is flawed - but that doesn't mean that doing away with marriage-as-social-contract is the way to deal with it. I guess in the end I don't know how I feel. I'm one of those that left to pursue happiness - I think that's one of the few "groups" that Kipnis supports(?) - and I don't think I'll ever marry again - but I don't think that marriage is hopelessly outdated. I think we just have expectations and settle for less than them. It's unrealistic to expect one person to meet all your needs - but it's unfair to settle for much less than that - unfair to you and to the person you settle with/for. I think reading this book at this particular juncture in my life was good - and painful and strange - but my opinions are strong enough to be shaped and challenged by this strange beast of a polemic. If you've read urlLink Against Love , drop me urlLink a line and let me know what you think. Other than that, a wonderful weekend. Really wonderful. Friends and food and laughter and sunshine. I feel like too too many entries are lists of adjectives - but that's how I'm thinking these days. Once my phone lines are restored from the imaginary address I'm sure I'll have more coherent thoughts - yesterday I tried to blog with a small child standing directly behind me and GOD was it irritating. I'm looking forward to the Interweb in the privacy of my own home. Oh, a somewhat related note and a call for help - send me postcards! I have about 100 already but am papering my walls with them and would like more with interesting photos or from interesting locales. If you can spare a postcard and 23c, please urlLink email me and I'll send you my address. I will also send you real mail in return - and that's always a good thing. :) Cheers, darlings. It's been quite a month already. backBlog('283','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 Septober 41st yesterday - urlLink Jen here for a while - lots of sun and warmth and laughter and friendship and love. Tomorrow off for Columbus Day - maybe my phone? - maybe getting some things done. The problem with nothing that MUST be done is that nothing DOES get done. More soon, loves. backBlog('282','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 But if my life is for rent and I don't learn to buy Well I deserve nothing more than I get Cos nothing I have is truly mine ---dido, urlLink life for rent an up and down sort of day. relief and boredom, random crying at lunch, pie and a poetry reading. just - being - is hard some days - and other days there's such joy. sat at urlLink sarah's until 1 drinking coffee, writing letters, and listening to urlLink damien and urlLink dido . a nice night. i'm getting used to this. backBlog('281','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 The earliest I will have a phone is Monday 13 October. Grr. Grr grr grr. So continued internet leeching for me. Thank you urlLink Sarah and the urlLink CPL for your continued support. :) It's been a really nice week, work notwithstanding. Really, it's not bad. It isn't. It's just, well, work. My apartment is terrific and odd - I'm getting settled and had friends over for dinner last night, which was fun. Nice having people around, in and out, spending time together. I feel like I have a ready-made family here, which is so so wonderful. On a side note, Elijah and Lilith are being ridiculously cute. Also, urlLink Shawn was apparently part of the brilliant urlLink 2003 All City Wiffle Ball Champs . Good for him. Back to work. I will write more when I can - and call all of you when I can as well. It may just be a few days. backBlog('280','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 No phone = no internet = desperate internet leech girl. Right now I'm hanging out at the urlLink Champaign Public Library - they might not have hired me but at least they can give me free internet. Moving weekend was eventful and fun but not without its frustrations. More when I have more time. Missing you all.... backBlog('279','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 In 14 minutes I will be unemployed and on my way to new things. What sort of craziness is this? I'm breathless with anticipation and fear and excitement and all those things that are inherent to a major life change. Thanks for coming along for the ride. backBlog('278','what brings meaning') urlLink Feedback

 A quiet weekend. You know how when life goes back to normal after lots of excitement there's sometimes that feeling of let down? I guess that's the best way to describe how I'm feeling. The pressure of urlLink NaNo is off, I don't really have anything going except work, and I think that's getting me down. It's an odd thing to complain about, I know, but that's the way I am. So I'm keeping busy and just getting through. urlLink Shawn and urlLink Michelle both finished their urlLink NaNo vels. urlLink Sarah came close, and I dropped out before 30,000. Not sure how the rest of the Champaign kids did. Finally got a chance to watch urlLink Million Dollar Hotel this weekend. I was pretty obsessed with the movie in London but somehow never got around to watching it. I liked it a lot. Not sure if I'd recommend it for everyone, but it's definitely a quality bit of film. "The heart is a sleeping beauty and love the only kiss it can't resist. Even if its eyes lay open wide, there is a heart that sleeps inside. And it's to there you must be hastening. For all hearts dream, they dream only of awakening." Ummm, what else. Played lots of urlLink YoHoHo Puzzle Pirates - watched urlLink Monsters Inc (adorable) and urlLink Femme Fatale (sketchy) - wrote some letters - finished my latest knitting project - slept and lounged around a lot - didn't bother getting dressed until almost 10 (pm, that is). I guess that's it. I'm just - blah.

 Today has been the wicked-boringest day ever. I'm not sure what the urlLink boredom book would say about that statement - but, here's the thing. I'm not allowed to read, I'm not allowed to write, I can use the internet judiciously but not excessively, I can't wander around, etc. I'm basically paid to sit in my chair and wait for customers to come to my window - with a few brief exceptions. We've been hella dead this last week, and I've exhausted all the cleaning and busy work I can think of. I have my knitting and my book with me - but I would get in trouble if I took them out. So....I sit. Thinking about going to see urlLink The Singing Detective tonight at the urlLink art theatre . I'm ghetto broke (think $45.54 left after paying bills - wait, sorry, make that $45.53) - but I cashed in my "fun fund" change today and am $13-or-so richer. I'll probably also spend quality time reading and writing letters and drinking hot cocoa - all good cold-weekend-y things to do. Hoping urlLink the boy will be home tonight, but really have no idea on that one. Yesterday we ransacked Grandma's closet, meaning I came home with all sorts of outdated but could be cute things - skirts and jackets and blouses and - best of all - sweaters! I've fallen hardcore in love with the new-old rose cardigan I'm wearing today. Going through the stuff was hard for Mom - but I would rather do it now, with Grandma's help, than wait. She's willing to get rid of things now which to us indicates a thought towards leaving the house - and I suppose we have to act on these moments whenever they come around.

 I survived the holiday and the drive without much ado. Left here at 7:30 in Davenport around 10:30 family arrived shortly thereafter - dinner around 2 - going through clothes while the kids played - reading and talking and knitting and eating - left Dav around 5:30 back home with tickets to urlLink Return of the King by 8:30. No email AT ALL today - however did find a randomly hidden comment on the old site, which was exciting. Missing my down-here friends as they're all with family in various places - urlLink Newman and urlLink Jen bowed out of visiting due to finances - and I think I just lost at my urlLink NaNo quest. I have three days to write in excess of 22,000 words in three days and with no plot or character development in mind, it simply isn't going to happen. You can read my review of my novel, however, urlLink right here . A long, boring, and lonely weekend stretches out in front of me. At least I got to see my family. I forgot how much I adore and miss them. Oh, and urlLink pies may be nice (see 11/15 entry) , but if I eat one more piece of any kind of pie in the near future I really might explode and thus have to swear off pies for life. Don't make me do it.

 urlLink urlLink audio post powered by urlLink audblog

 It's Wednesday but feels like Friday - I didn't get much sleep, and I'm feeling random. Work is slooooooooow with all the students gone - my friends are leaving town today for their various destinations - I have a urlLink novel to write and nothing coming. I could leave for Iowa tonight, but that doesn't seem like a real option. urlLink Newman was supposed to join us for Thanksgiving but will instead be staying home - unless my hare-brained scheme comes to fruition. I would love to do anything I could to have her with us - but I don't know if I'm up for all the driving. SO, instead of playing at work or writing, here's my on-the-fly Christmas list: a microwave a tv bigger than a toaster (seriously, my toaster is bigger than the tv I have right now) urlLink The Fellowship of the Ring extended edition urlLink The Two Towers extended edition a non-stick skillet a urlLink serrated urlLink Wusthof urlLink knife Tori's urlLink Tales of a Librarian urlLink anything by Elliott Smith my kitties a cute ankle-length black skirt that is work appropriate tickets to see urlLink Damien some time soon

 Will urlLink Viggo ever be as hot hot hot as he is as Aragorn? I think not. urlLink Return of the King was slated to show at the urlLink art theatre a couple of blocks from my apartment, but apparently that fell through. Bummer. On the bright side, tickets go on sale at the urlLink Savoy 16 tomorrow. Tasty tasty urlLink Return of the King .

 I stole this from urlLink Cait , who stole it from someone else, who stole it from someone else before them. This is the thing where you post something anonymously in the comments section. Tell me a secret, a story, tell me what you think of me. Or, ask me a question. Anything at all, like the kind of thing you normally wouldn't ask or would be too embarassed to ask. Just don't be cruel, unnecessarily. If you are awaiting a response to something you'll have to check back. I don't know of any good way to respond using my current commenting tool - maybe it'll make the front page. :) READY... GO.

 A small rant, and then I'm done: I started staying with Jen on 26 August and made it clear I wasn't coming back on 31 August. I relinquished my keys shortly after, and took the rest of my things at the end of September. It is now 24 November. So why is it that Nate hasn't changed the bills over into his name? I can only pray he's making the mortgage payments - because he certainly isn't paying the phone or electric bills. When I called last night after receiving yet another past-due notice, I told him I was disconnecting the phone, electric, and cable as of 1 December. He said "You've gotta give me some time." Apparently three months isn't enough time to make a phone call or two. I am so frustrated that I just don't know what to do. We talked about all of this Labor Day weekend - he agreed to change everything over, I would pay my remaining part of the phone bill, we'd be done with it. People who don't take responsibility for their actions and responsibilities really, really irritate me. He's always done this sort of thing so I suppose I should've expected it - it's just that this time my credit's on the line. It's Monday morning and there's snow on the ground. Guess it's about time to find my winter jacket and to retire the sandals for the winter. All my friends are on fall break and I'm wicked jealous. I could use a few days off.

 Sunday morning - well, afternoon - and I'm 4,000 words up on the urlLink NaNo novel , but haven't accomplished much else. It's sort of nice, actually, after the craziness of this last week. I'm reading urlLink The Waste Lands and will probably finish that this afternoon - not sure what's next. I should be working on the novel - or at least cleaning my apartment - but it's a grey day and just lying around seems like a better option.

 urlLink The Friday Five: 1. List five things you'd like to accomplish by the end of the year. Finish my grad school application. Pay my therapy bill. Finish my urlLink NaNo novel. Do my Christmas shopping. Buy either a boxspring or a couch. 2. List five people you've lost contact with that you'd like to hear from again. Melissa Kellerhals. Allen Wiser-Amos. Brett Pierce. Trevor Gilchrist. Tim Johnson. 3. List five things you'd like to learn how to do. Grow a successful garden. Ballroom dance. Speak Spanish. Do my hair. Make a relationship work. 4. List five things you'd do if you won the lottery (no limit). Work only when I wanted to, doing things that make me happy. Live in Europe for a while. Maybe New Zealand too. Buy everything on my urlLink Amazon wish list - and then some. Buy a new pretty-pretty Audi. Buy a house for all my kids so we can live in communal bliss. Or something. 5. List five things you do that help you relax. Drink tea. Take baths. Walk in my park. Play with urlLink Sarah and Hannah's kitties - Elijah, you're my boy! Cook.

 Happy Birthday, urlLink Shawn ! 57,000,000 micromachines can't tell you the half of it. Thanksgiving was a beautiful, beautiful success. Everyone looked great - the food was wonderful - we finished cooking with plenty of time to relax - I didn't butcher the turkey - no one was attacked by pie - everyone had much to be thankful for. Nick & Jessica's peanut butter pumpkin soup was awesome - Amity whipped the cream by herself (naked?!?!) - Sara & Adam brought green bean casserole (my favorite) - Sam & Brian brought tasty cornmeal muffins - and Joan brought a tasty, tasty salad. urlLink Sarah , Hannah, urlLink Shawn , and I made turkey, tofurkey, mashed potatoes, sweet potatoes, broccoli, kugel, cranberry sauce, and allllllll the pies. Chris swapped nametags so as to hit on Amity as different people (including He-Man and Dirty, Dirty Aragorn) - the "kiddie table" sang along with urlLink Damien - and we all said the things we are thankful for. There was so much I wanted to say - but I couldn't without crying - instead I said "I am thankful for the chance at a new beginning." What I should have said: I am thankful for urlLink Sarah , without whom I would not have survived. I am thankful for Hannah and Amity and all my new friends and family here. I am thankful for a roof over my head, food on my table, and money in the bank. I am thankful for the possibility of grad school. I am thankful for shelter and comfort and encouragement and peace and so much love. I am thankful for my family and friends and all those who love me no matter what. I am thankful for urlLink Shawn , who has given more to me than I could have ever asked or hoped for.

 Woah, an urlLink interview with Damien on CNN.com!!! OK, I digress. An exciting night. I just got home after cooking for approx 7 hours - starting at 5:30 with peeling potatoes, finishing aruond 12:30 with the last of the kitchen clean up. After consulting with her dad regarding her ever worsening cough and breathing, urlLink Sarah went to the ER with Hannah in tow. urlLink Shawn and I held down the fort, finished the cooking, and generally exempted ourselves from dish duty for tomorrow night. Sarah's going to be fine and sounds worlds better already - we had fun cooking (though not so much when the pumpkin pie attacked), and tomorrow night is going to be wonderful. Now - sleep.

 "And I got a floor to dance on And I got a phone to laugh in And I got a tub to cry in And I got a bed to hide in Oh but sometimes I only see what's wrong Sometimes I'm convinced my god has up and gone I'll never write a hit song My love is going to leave me Hanging Hey But everything I need Is right here in my hands Right here in my hands Right here in my hands" --Melissa Ferrick, "Everything I Need" Today I'm wearing neon blue fishnet tights, the sun is shining, and the world looks OK. Many thanks to Hannah for the kickin' mix tape of "Some Women Who Rock." I'll post the track listing upon request - I burned one for her entitled "Recent Obsessions - for Hannah," which I would also be happy to share. I think I'm getting on this mix-tape bandwagon about five years too late. Last night we prepped and shopped for the Great Thanksgiving Eat-In. Hmm, that's a lousy name. I'll have to come up with better. We made flow-charts and lists and schedules - it's v. precise and was a lot of fun. Spent the night at urlLink Shawn's , which was wonderful in so many unexpected and lovely ways. I intended to hang out for an hour or two before crashing - but ended up staying, which was so nice. There's just something so peaceful about falling asleep with your head on a boy's chest. * Tonight we embark on pies and potatoes - we're making Gram's famous mashed potatoes, maple-glazed sweet potatoes, pumpkin pie, Swedish apple pie, cranberry pecan pie, and sweet potato pie. And maybe other things that I don't remember. Either way, we're going to cook up a storm in hopes that tomorrow will be more peaceful and will follow according to schedule. It should be wonderful. And my heart goes out to urlLink Heidi and urlLink Mary for entirely different reasons. I'm thinking of you both. Somehow my own uncertainties and fears seem less important in the light of yours. *hug*

 I need shelter from the storm of my own making.

 It is gorgeous today - gorgeous - and I want to go out and play. Instead I'm sitting at my window, looking out the window, enjoying the sliver of bright blue and sunshine and alley. Last night's Thai extravaganza at urlLink Sarah and Hannah's was a resounding success - lots of good food, lots of laughter, lots of wine. I was stuffed, happy, and my mouth was on fire. Met with Gail yesterday regarding the program - all positive so far. She said my test scores are great - gave me a few ideas about my writing sample and my cover letter - and said several times that she's excited about me and my application and thinks I'll be a great fit for the department. Woo! And now my heart is heavy with uncertainty - no, not uncertainty - worry - no, that's not right either. Just, a challenge. A challenge to chose faith - fidelity - over fear. That doesn't mean the fear goes away - just that I'm choosing to believe that love is stronger and better than my own lack of faith. But why am I so afraid of this? Why am I so afraid to lose? Why do I even have these fears when I have such reassurance? Maybe it's because this has proved to be more precious than I could have ever imagined.

 Sitting around listening to urlLink David Gray and procrastinating. It's late, and I should be asleep. Actually, I should be making satay, THEN sleeping. Instead I'm doing neither. Went to a talk by the kid(s) behind urlLink FOUND Magazine tonight - it was damned funny. Apparently they have a book coming out in the spring, which I will definitely have to buy. It's been raining most of the day - cold, wet, fall rain. I walked from work to the Art & Design building for the talk tonight as the rain pelted my face, my hair, my clothes, soaking me to the bone. It felt like London again - the dark wet streets, the constant rain, the smile I couldn't wipe off my face. I didn't mind the cold and the wet - just, the rain on my face making me happy and peaceful. I love the rain so much, even when it's dismal. I love walking in the rain in the summertime - walking in the rain hand in hand, stopping to kiss in the downpour. I love the sound of rain outside my window as I go to sleep. I love the cool breezes that prick my skin during a storm. And I love the way love is like a downpour, the way love pricks my skin, the way love brings soft noises to lull me to sleep. I want my kiss to linger like the summer rain.

 It's the end of a long weekend, and I'm tired. Friday night had dinner with Hannah and urlLink Shawn and watched urlLink Whale Rider - sweet. Had a brilliant thought and put my new mattress under the futon mattress when we got home - nice and soft and firm. Hoo-rah for sound and not-creaky sleep. Woke early to drive to Springfield to take the urlLink GRE - it sucked and the math part nearly made me cry, but I survived. Dinner with urlLink Shawn at Courier, then watched urlLink Gattaca (soooo pretty) and urlLink Arlington Road and went to bed late late - I think the upstairs kids were moving furniture or playing underwater soccer or something cos there was definitely commotion at 4:30am. A lazy day full of urlLink reading and lounging and lunch with the kids at urlLink Le Peep and not working on the urlLink NaNovel . Now it's somewhat lateish and I'm tired - I should be writing, but I think I'm going to crash.

 This is the toast I would like to give next Friday but will probably forget: To absent friends and present loves, To a day off work and a week off school, To new lives and loves and homes and jobs and friends and novels and challenges, To Shawn on his birthday And to Acadia for her new home, To these I raise my glass.

 So do I kill myself now....or do I wait for the rejection letter? OK, maybe it wasn't that bad. OK, maybe it was. OK, maybe I'm just tired and feeling funky.

 Good Lord, urlLink this article is great. :) Last night's urlLink NaNo write-in was a lot of fun - urlLink Sarah , urlLink Shawn , urlLink Michelle , urlLink Emily , and Kathryn all brought food - we had quiche, an egg casserole, soup, cheese (yay, cheese!), crab dip, and brownies. Yum. Lots of writing and insanity ensued, and everyone's a little further ahead. Two days away from the urlLink GRE and I'm flat out terrified. Maybe I'd be less scared if I was doing any sort of preparation - but between writing and friends and food and all of that, I just haven't had much awake time at the computer. I suppose I should stay home tonight instead of going to the MFA reading - but maybe I'll just stay up and play with it afterwards. The novel is coming, but slowly. At times it's cathartic, and at others it's just damned difficult. Why do I do this to myself? Oh yeah, cos I want the things I write to have weight and meaning - and cos I can't write things that don't. Which isn't to say that the fun and crazy things my friends are writing are of any less value than my novel - just, I think I would get distracted and not be able to concentrate on something that didn't have personal weight and value. But that's just me. urlLink Sarah 's putting Acadia up for adoption, as it were. I feel so bad for her - she's agonized over this decision for so long - but I do think she's doing the right thing. It will be hard and sad and a different type of exhaustion - but I think in the long run it will be the right thing.

 "I've got so much beauty around me I can't move I've got so much beauty around me I can't lose I've got so much beauty around me I can't choose I've got so much beauty around me, around you" -- urlLink Damien , "Toffee" So I didn't get even half of what I wanted to do accomplished today - but it was still a productive day off. A trip to the urlLink yarn store , lunch with urlLink Shawn , several scenic tours around the urlLink English building in search of Gail - no Gail - the laundromat, the grocery - dinner with urlLink Sarah , then post-24 hanging out and knitting and back-massaging. Now it's late-late and I'm sleepy. Somehow my kids here seem to know just what I need - encouragement, admonishment, food, sleep - last night I needed company, tonight I needed something different. What do you say to those people who give you everything other than I love you dearly?

 Lord, it's been a long time since I played with urlLink the friday five : 1. What food do you like that most people hate? Can't think of anything dramatic - I just on occasion eat weird combinations of things. Like I really like ranch dressing and cheese together. 2. What food do you hate that most people love? Beef. OK, I don't hate it - I just don't eat it. 3. What famous person, whom many people may find attractive, is most unappealing to you? Orlando Bloom? I just don't see it. 4. What famous person, whom many people may find unappealing, do you find attractive? Hot-hot Alan Rickman 5. What popular trend baffles you? Here's the thing - I don't understand 99% of trends. And while we're on the subject of things I don't understand, there seems to be a trend amongst my friends towards not understanding gratuitous nudity in movies. What's up with that? Are we getting prudish in our old age(s) - or are there just too many damned naked people? So I'm totally in love with urlLink Lovage (love that urlLink lovage , baby). It's a bluesy day. I'm not sure why. The time change always tends to get me down - come winter, come more nights spent in the bath tub. I don't know why that is except perhaps I crave sunlight more than I realize. Also, this week is quieter than previous weeks, so maybe the lack of activity, while good for my stress, is bad for my emotional state. These things, above all others, are why I couldn't move somewhere where I knew no one.

 "I wanna live, wanna die, wanna grow old with you I wanna be the only one that you know 'Cause I adore you" -- urlLink Damien Rice , "Face" What do any of us truly know of love except the way it consumes us - the way it makes us lose our breath - the way it burns when it goes away? What do any of us truly know except that we long for it in desperate hungry ways? We can't control it - we can't possess it - we can't make it go or stay. So why make the Herculean effort? I'll tell you. Because when I wake up safe and warm with arms around me, it makes everything else seem a little less scary. *

 I am such a fucking hypocrite. I really, really am. I am a fucking hypocrite. I'm happy on my own, but not when I have to be alone. I love my apartment, but not when I have to be here by myself. Not sure the stimulus for this fit of self-loathing - I had a wonderful weekend, I got so much done on the urlLink novel today (I'm up to 15,259!), and in general I'm really happy. I'm reading, I'm writing, I'm thriving, I'm cleaning, I'm bathing, I'm eating - I'm not shutting down. I'm doing so much better emotionally and mentally than I was two months ago - and that's a really good thing. It was a good weekend. Friday night was good - coffee shop and movies and sushi and curling up together. Saturday spent the day with urlLink Shawn just hanging out, playing with music, writing some - the eclipse (worth putting pants on, I promise), then dinner at Applebee's (sometimes the chains are OK, really) and watching urlLink Finding Nemo (so cute) while writing - also urlLink Caveman's Valentine . Today slept in until late, then hung out and read while urlLink Shawn graded - urlLink NaNo write-in at 5:30, then home. Again, most of the time I'm so happy and content with my life - it's just, coming home to an empty apartment is at times rough. Maybe once I get my gatito it will be easier?

 Lunar eclipse tonight - super cool. If you haven't already missed it, check it out. :) Saw urlLink Bubba Ho-Tep last night with urlLink Shawn . Wow. Not sure which was stranger - the movie or the kimchee sushi we had before. Strange and reterrible. :) Total procrastination today - I meant to write so much more than I have thus far. I think I've gotten maybe 300 words done - I'm at least two days behind. I keep telling myself that it'll be OK, that I'll get caught up in a few days - but it doesn't happen. So maybe I should stop blogging and start writing. Nah, that'd be silly.

 A really terrific urlLink review of urlLink The Matrix Revolutions - it gets bogged down a little bit in the middle, but for the most part is really good. Read and enjoy the matrixy goodness. Nice quiet lunch at Panera. I finished urlLink Unless by Carol Shields. More thoughts on this on the urlLink book club site. I'm trying not to be one of those kids who posts all the time cos they've got nothing better to do, but, well, it'll happen from time to time.

 Having seen urlLink The Matrix Revolutions twice in as many days, I can say for sure that I do like it. I still don't know if that's the way it had to end, but, well, it wasn't my vision. 7,700 words. I wrote a lot at work yesterday - we were super slow, and I had nothing else to do. Hopefully I'll get more done today - and then a hella lot tomorrow and Sunday. I also have Tuesday off for the holiday, so maybe I can knuckle down and crank out 10,000 or so. I did that last year when I called in drunk after playing Trivial Pursuit and drinking Jack Daniels with Erik all night. Got a bill from AT&T yesterday. What I'm trying to figure out is how exactly they think they can charge me $106.97 for phone service that was never techincally connected. Feeling better yesterday and thus far today. urlLink Sarah and Hannah apparently had a long pregnancy talk Wednesday night as well - what they would do, etc. The things we women are willing to do sometimes surprise me. Hannah said that if she got pregnant, she would marry Joe. If he didn't want to get married but did want to keep the baby, she'd live with him and raise it together - or raise it with urlLink Sarah , who offered to help. urlLink Sarah said that if she got pregnant by Russ, she would have an abortion. What surprised me more was that if she'd gotten pregnant by Tim, she would've married him and kept the baby. I know she planned on marrying him, but wow. For me? I don't know. I couldn't have an abortion. I just - I couldn't. I don't think I'm capable of it. At the same time I don't think I'm capable of giving away a child conceived in love, conceived with someone I love. (I suppose if I were sleeping with someone I didn't love, it would be different. But then that wouldn't happen.) AND I don't know if I'm capable, responsible, or brave enough to raise a child on my own. So maybe my decision would be much more difficult than theirs. On a lighter note, I found a source of beautiful ink for my fountain pen - there's a cool little art co-op just a couple of blocks from work. They have a whole corner of ink - I'm sure it's intended for drawing, but it's still beautiful and jewel-toned and cheap! I bought 15 cartridges in three colors for $12. Doesn't sound cheap in terms of, say, Bic pens - but it's better than what I've paid before and so so pretty. They also have pots of ink in all kinds of colors. I'm sooooo excited. Friday-Friday. The weekend stretches out before me in its glorious emptiness. I don't have a think to do until Sunday night. That's a nice feeling. Happy weekend, darlings.

 Last night I stumbled upon a truth that I have for several months been able to dismiss - I am fundamentally alone. I have people who love me and support me and would do anything they could for me - but I am at the most basic level alone. I have only myself to rely on. I have only myself for support. If something happens, I have only myself to fall back on. And if I get pregnant (the context of the conversation), I must make my decisions alone. We had this conversation on IM last night, after the movie, and I sat at my computer in my apartment and cried until my eyes stung. He invited me over, and so I went and read with him and then, while he slept, I laid awake and stared at the wall until sleep overpowered me. Had I stayed here I would've only continued to cry - somehow a warm body and arms around me made it better. I think I've hit upon the definition of "together." Being together implies a commitment to the present and the future, to dealing with the pain and happiness and sorrow jointly. I understand now.

 mmmmmm urlLink Matrix . urlLink Shawn and I went to see urlLink The Matrix Revolutions tonight - brilliant. I will reserve judgement on the rest of the film for now - just, a lot of things are wrapped up in interesting and unforseen ways - some parts are visually stunning - and at one point I did cry. Sad but true. I'm sad that the trilogy is over - no more pretty Neo for me. So I think I know where my novel is going, but I'm not entirely sure how it's going to get there. I've established three main characters, at least one big event, and some narrative convolutions that I'm pretty happy with. Now I just need to get the word count up. The nice thing is that I know how it ends (or at least middles) - now the task is to fill in the back and front story. That'll take 43,662 words, right? A little - heartsore tonight. Things are on my mind, big things, things I have to worry about now that I didn't before - not in the same ways. Again I pray only for strength - and peace.

 A list of things I want (as inspired by urlLink this site ): + a laptop with ethernet/network thingies (so i can check my email anywhere) + a microwave + another hour in the day located between 5-7am so I can sleep more without sacrificing my evening plans + new tights that are both wicked cool and appropriate for work (harder to find than you'd think) + a super soft and cushy mattress (queen sized, of course) and flannel sheets to go with it + better speakers for my computer + a great tasting drink (sweet but not too sweet, just light and alcohol-y) + a new kicky just above the knees plaid skirt with buckles + Bacchus's goat cheese and mushroom crostini + 10,000 words to appear from the ether That's all for now. Thanks, kids. Oh, here's another thing. I'm looking for some new (or old) and exciting music - any recommendations? I got a few from my urlLink LJ but am always up for more.

 Two hour insurance meeting turned out to be totally worth it - instead of just giving us a packet of info, they walked us through the available HMO/PPO plans, how they compare, the relative merits of each. I felt like I could make an educated decision without worrying over it - AND our flex spending account can be used towards all kinds of random somewhat-medical things, including sunscreen and condoms. Rock on. I hit 5,000 on my lunch break today. With eating and email checking, I'm still managing about 500 words per break - not bad. If only I was that productive with my other random windows of time. Spent the afternoon trying to balance my drawer, trying to keep up with yesterday's holdover nonsense, and playing with the urlLink book club blog . I think we have a good thing going over there and I hope it keeps up. I added a new comment server here and there - urlLink thanks, halo scan - which seems to be more reliable. Good times.

 4465. My novel is turning into a glorified blog, with barely fictionalized versions of real events. I suppose all fiction retains a veil of truth - perhaps mine will just be the other way around. I'm just lacking the ability to create outside myself, and that's a little frustrating. Pork chops in cider sauce tonight. I love Tuesday night meat. Tired. I have an insurance meeting from 8:30 - 10:30 - not sure why it will take 2 hours to explain my health insurance, but I'm sure I'll find out. Then back to work, which I'm sure will bring lots of excitement and chaos as 8:30 - 10:30 is the busiest part of my day. Yawn. I'll get it done, no worries, it just won't be pretty. The weather on the other hand can ONLY be described as pretty. I heart Indian Summer.

 A wicked bad headache to inaugurate the transition to a new blog. That's not a good sign. Actually it isn't ANY kind of sign as it is related to work, not to my blog. A crazy busy day punctuated by periods of boredom - I just got my computer back after 45 minutes of watching other people use it. I'm ready to take off my shoes and jacket and just relax. A wonderful weekend. urlLink Shawn met me at home after work Friday - we had tickets to see urlLink Gross Indecency at urlLink Krannert . It was wonderful . I read urlLink the play in August and was really moved - seeing it staged moved me in entirely different ways. The actor playing Wilde was brilliant and beautiful. Moises Kaufman's vision is so unique - a really refreshing method of approaching real life events through fiction and nonfiction - through truth , however you define it. urlLink NaNoWriMo kicked off just after midnight with crazy writing goodness at my apartment - urlLink Sarah , urlLink Shawn , Amy, Michelle, Kathryn, and I all hunched over our respective computers and notepads, scribbling away - such lovely clicky silence punctuated by the rustle of Halloween candy and random getting to know you and "I hate my novel" sorts of discourse. This will be great if it doesn't destroy us all. Saturday I did nothing for the majority of the day - read more of my beloved Rick's urlLink Plowing the Dark , which I finished on Sunday. Rick needs to work on his endings - or maybe I just don't understand. I'm going to have to talk to someone about this. Either way it was nice to just lounge around with urlLink Shawn doing nothing, playing on the internet, reading, etc. Saturday night was dinner at Bread Co, then urlLink Into the Woods with urlLink Shawn , urlLink Sarah , and Jim P Purdy. What a strange play. "If only there were doors?" I enjoyed it but am getting into musicals less and less as I grow older. Not sure why that is. Hanging out at Perkins with the above plus Josh and Theresa, then back to urlLink Shawn 's. Sunday was the official urlLink NaNo kick-off/Scattergories game at Espresso Royale - then more reading and writing and internetting and eating - a late-ish trip to Meijer, and lots of playing with the little penguin. Home late, some writing, then not so sound sleep. A nice weekend. Hopefully a nice week. Love to all.

 Welcome, friends.

 On occasion I will post things both here and on my urlLink LiveJournal . This is one of those occasions: My resolutions for 2003: I will not ruin urlLink her wedding. She was married 5/17/03. It was a beautiful day and while I struggled, I survived and the wedding went off without a hitch. I will get the cooking site up. The cooking site resided for about six months at urlLink vinnythefish.com . Due to lack of interest, lack of funds, and the passing of the eponymous Vinny, the site is now gone. I will make a decision on graduate school. I made a decision - to go. I'm in the middle of the application process for urlLink UIUC - I'll find out their decision in February, and if I get in, I'll start in the fall. If I don't get in, well, I'm not sure what happens after that. I will finally do something with urlLink this site. For a while I was averaging 500+ hits per week. I never did manage the massive layout change, but I liked the simplicity of it. In November I moved over to urlLink blogger in hopes of saving some money. I will finish at least HALF of my to-read list. Ook, I didn't do this one. But then I got rid of the to-read list, so maybe I succeeded by default? Now I have a to-read bookcase. I will be more fabulous in 2003 than ever before. Definitely happened. I'm supa-fab. This year brought a lot of heartache and change, but I'm much happier with the person I am now. My resolutions for 2004: I will eat out less. I will read urlLink Lord of the Rings . I will finalize my divorce. I will read urlLink the Koran . I will learn to live on a budget. Continuing the big book resolutions, I will read urlLink Don Quixote . I will be more fabulous in 2004 than ever before.

 Having to get up and go to work when your friends are all off sucks. That's my statement for the day. Last night was Christmas with the kids - wonderful. We had food from around the world, including curry, latkes, fondue, and Danish cabbage - food enough for an army. The stockings were hung by the piano with care, and filled with all sorts of goodies. The cats went crazy with all the new toys - they didn't know what to play with first (or next). urlLink Shawn got me urlLink Pirates of the Caribbean , some pirate gold, and urlLink The Morning Star - pretty pretty. I gave him urlLink Six String Samurai , which he has been looking for this fall, and his scarf, which isn't finished. I gave him the remaining skein of yarn, then took out the actual scarf when he was done opening. There were lots of Lord of the Rings goodies - Trivial Pursuit for me, chess for him, a puzzle for everyone. urlLink Sarah and urlLink Hannah got random books, food, and yogurt makers (H). We put the puzzle together until late, a wine glass broke spectacularly, and I crashed pretty hard as soon as I got home. A really nice night. So tonight we're heading to Carlinville to party LOTR-style at Matt's place. It'll be interesting - no one knows we're coming other than Matt. The only other people I know at this party are two of urlLink Sarah 's exes, so we'll see how that goes. I'm hoping for food, champagne, and a sweet kiss at midnight. Cats seem to be doing OK. I devised a campaign to keep my bedroom door closed, and it seems to be working, though it means there's no circulation and my room is cold. Right now the cats are pouncing on each other from the couch to the floor, jingling all the while. Tomorrow maybe I'll post my resolutions and my top reads for the year. Tonight I'm just going to celebrate. Happy 2004, kids.

 So I find myself in a bit of a quandary. I brought my cats home from Rockford this weekend. They've been here 36 hours, and already Gypsy's had an accident. Some would say, yes, they've made a big transition, she's just getting settled, she might be confused. But no, this cat's been doing this for four years. A number of times over the last four years we've broken down, considered getting rid of her, considered taking her back to the farm from whence she came - and each time we broke down further and couldn't do it. Now I'm wondering if this is the time. She is the cutest, sweetest, softest, funniest babykat I've ever seen or spent time with. She is very affectionate and funny and has a soft white belly. She is happy most of the time, and loves attention. She has also ruined two futons and a couch through accidents, and another couch through scratching. I've thrown away blankets and clothes due to the same. Before that was - if not OK at least manageable most of the time. Now I'm broke and simply don't have the resources to repair, launder, or replace the things she will ruin (because I know it'll happen). So it seems like I have a couple of choices: 1. Keep her and deal with it. 2. See if urlLink Nate wants her back. 3. See if someone else wants to take her. 4. Take her to the Humane Society. The reason I think this is the time to do it is that I haven't had her for several months and I'm not so emotionally attached right now that I couldn't do it. I would cry, yes, and feel terrible - but I'm strong enough to do it. Friends, what should I do?

 Heard this weekend: Coo: "What's a ho-bag?" Mark: "Don't worry, Eric. A ho-bag is a character in a Jane Austen novel." I love my brothers.

 Home after a nice and long weekend. I'm totally fucked as far as the day of the week, and that's OK with me. Holidays in the middle of the week never work out well for general comprehension. A nice weekend. To recap: Wednesday: arrived in Rockford around 4 and chilled with urlLink Jen until around 5, when we picked up urlLink Newman and joined my family for church (#1). Corn chowder and games after church, including Team Baby Jesus. After a brief liquor adventure, urlLink Sarah and urlLink Mary J joined us at urlLink Jen 's, where we drank wine and hung out until midnight mass (#2). Came home to find urlLink Jen and Cass sick as dogs, so crashed pretty quickly. Haven't shared a bed with urlLink Newman since Edinburgh, but we managed. Thursday: dragged the still-sick urlLink Jen to the parentals for Christmassy goodness. I got (among other things) a laptop (which hasn't arrived), a microwave, Hello Kitty towels (from Coo), and lovely soft flannel sheets. My bed is made with clean sheets, but I'm thinking about changing them. :) urlLink Jen gave me a Hello Kitty pirate shirt - well, Cass gave it to Dana, then realized her mistake and I got it later. Some hanging out, then dinner at Oscar's. Yes, we had pizza at a bar for Christmas dinner. Watched urlLink Finding Nemo (sooo cute), then sat up late talking about sex and love and purpose. Friday: slept in late, then had lunch at urlLink Beef-a-Roo . Quite nearly heckled the mint girl for old times' sake. Some self-Christmas shopping at urlLink Barnes & Noble , then urlLink Newman hung out at urlLink Jen 's while I went to urlLink AMCORE to visit my old friends. Half an hour turned into an hour and a half, and the kids met me at Mary's Market for dinner. Talked to Nicki & Cory for a while, hung out at urlLink Jen 's, then met Stalker Dan and his new girlie at the urlLink Carlyle Brewing Company - ended up at The Office, where a random man took his pants off and I was hit on by a woman who kicked her chair back from the bar and said "Where have you been all my life?" A really fun night - Dan's Sara is hilarious, and I've really missed Dan. Saturday: stood up for breakfast by Kevin but had a nice meal at the North End Cafe anyway. Hit the road around 10 and had lunch in Davenport with the family. Got home around 5 and napped until dinner time. Met Ria at urlLink the Tumbler - she looks GREAT and it was so nice to hang out. Back to Oscar's, then urlLink EliXur , where we ran into Dan and Sara again. Had a great time despite it being urlLink EliXur - I'm glad we went out. Sunday: breakfast with urlLink Jen at urlLink IHOP , where our waitress messed up. Finished my laundry at the house, then put urlLink Newman on the bus back to the OP. Picked up the cats from urlLink Nate - he was civil, but barely. Joe and Dave were there, so it was nice to see them. Hit the road about 2 after allowing Coo and Mark to terrorize the cats a bit - Coo, when told to put some clothes on so he could come see the cats, went outside wearing nothing but underpants and his jacket. Now it's been unseasonably warm lately - but it was still a little ridiculous and v cute. Got home around 5 and have been unwinding since - unpacking, letting the cats check things out, putting away Christmas presents. I meant to write my thank you notes and maybe finish my remaining present-work, but instead I took a bath and talked to urlLink Sarah while she drove - now am thinking about reading a bit, then crashing early. I'm so glad I got to go home, even though it doesn't feel so much like home any more. I miss hanging out with urlLink Jen the most, I think. urlLink Shawn comes home tomorrow - I'm looking forward to seeing him. This is the longest I've gone without seeing him since before I moved, so that's been different. I think I missed him just about the right amount. What a nice break.

 I'm a little tired from several hours in the car and the strain that always comes with family gatherings. I love my family, but the extended family gets weirder and weirder every year. It's fun to sit and chat, but after awhile I have to split. And now I feel guilty writing these things because I genuinely love my family and love spending time with them and wish I could do more with them. Funny how families can fuck you up worse than anything else. It's been wonderful spending so much time with urlLink Newman and urlLink Jen - they're two of my best friends, and I miss them desperately. I feel like I don't make enough of an effort to spend time with them. I've been so focused on forming my autonomous little life in Champaign that I fear I've neglected them or haven't been as available as I should be because some priorities have changed. And I've done a lot of soul searching by way of long extended convos about a lot of things - relationships, careers, marriage, goals, independence, who I am, how important that discovery process is, etc. I'm glad I have friends I can use as sounding boards for these sorts of things. I hope everyone's having a nice holiday weekend. I think I'm going to rest for a bit, then head out for margaritas with my kids.

 A busy-busy holiday weekend home. Two church services with celebration and drinking in between Christmas Eve - a lovely laid back Christmas with the family with big surprises at the end (LAPTOP!!!!!) - lots of running around and Beef-a-Roo and old friends yesterday. I stopped in to see my old coworkers for what I thought would be a few minutes but ended up being an hour and a half. urlLink Amanda and I met Dan and Sarah at the Carlyle Brewing Co. - saw Nicki and Cory by surprise - then walked down to the Office. That's one thing I do miss about Rockford - going out downtown, drinking at Bacchus or the Rose and then ending up at the Office or Kryptonite. Today breakfast with Kevin, a whirlwind trip to Grandma's, then hanging out with Ria-fub tonight. Tomorrow I collect the cats and head back to Champaign. It's strange being back here because even after such a short period away this doesn't feel like home.

 I'm going home for Christmas tomorrow and so am not sure how much blogging time will be alotted to me. I just wanted to say to all and sundry that it has been a remarkable year - difficult and wonderful with each turn - and I'm glad you've been along for the ride (or read, for that matter). May Christmas (or Chanukah or Diwali or Eid or Kwanzaa or whatever holiday you do/don't celebrate) be a time of wonderful joy and remembrance for each of you. My love to all. On a more practical note, today has been hectic (since I got off work) and I've accomplished little of what I wanted to accomplish. I bought a vacuum (MUCH NEEDED) and finished my Christmas shopping (for real this time) - I checked on the cats - I wrapped presents and did my dishes. I wanted to vacuum (too late) and finish cleaning the apartment (maybe?) - but now I'm settling for finishing the important things (like wrapping and packing) and just dealing with the mess when I get home. Sweet. There are going to be some awesome stamps urlLink next year . I'm really looking forward to the urlLink Year of the Monkey and urlLink Candy Hearts and urlLink Dr. Seuss and urlLink Cloudscapes . I digress. Anyway, I should go. Work and wrapping call, along with the ever-alluring Cran-Strawberry juice. Much love.

 In the rain I held his hand and finished my Christmas shopping. Dinner out, then reading and music in. Some tears with arms wrapped around me, but a sweet goodbye and a sweeter message later when he found out that he got an A on the paper. I will miss him so. urlLink Read and write here.

 Spent half the weekend in the horrid haze of a deep fever and cough - and the rest of it entranced by hot, hot Aragorn. We brought urlLink Sarah up to speed on the trilogy Friday and Saturday, then went to see urlLink Return of the King tonight to top it off. Russ was down on Saturday, so we had curry. Finished urlLink House of Leaves on Saturday - whew - on to less convoluted reading materials. But first, sleep. Friends have been dealt hard blows this weekend - dealing with hard things, working through hard problems - I feel blessed that what's on my mind most right now is how much I'm going to miss urlLink that boy when he goes home for Christmas. I know it's less than a week - but we see each other almost daily, so even a brief absence can feel pointed after such constant comfort. *

 I think the cold from hell that's been going aruond has finally settled in my lungs. I slept soundly last night, but was up a couple of times. Yawn. So the damage done by not getting home until 4 has been reversed, but now I have a different fun thing to deal with. *coughs* Oh, and urlLink Return of the King was beyond brilliant. I'm tired and feel like - bleck. The snow is pretty, but I don't want to go out in it. When will the weekend arrive?

 Soooo good. Soooo sleepy.

 I'm hungry, and tired, and wanting to get out of the house. Maybe I'll go to La Bamba's for dinner. I was going to get carryout, but then work ran late and I had to get to the post office to post urlLink a certain small Aussie's Christmas present, so no time for food. Maybe now. Maybe I'm just killing time. Either way, I'm hungry. I had a scone at urlLink Moonstruck with urlLink Sarah this afternoon, but that's just not cutting it. A few Christmas presents arrived in the mail today - hoo-rah! I was starting to worry. I actually am worrying about the things I won on Ebay - I paid for them before Thanksgiving but neither have materialized. Whoops. Maybe I'll have to come up with backup ideas. I'm far from done with the rest of my shopping, but I only have a couple of stops to make, all but one of which I can do while walking around on my lunch break. I love love love working in Campustown. The only time it sucks is when the one way on which I park is closed on one end, leading to driving the wrong way, then having to navigate the alleys and/or other one ways. Oh well. It looks like urlLink Nate will probably have to sell. I feel terrible about this. I wish I could give him more time - wish I didn't have to worry about my credit - wish we'd thought this through a bit more. We were in love with the house - it was our house of dreams - but maybe it's best this way. I hope things work out OK in the end for him, though the interim has been and probably will continue to be icky. He needs to get out of town as badly as I needed to. I'm dedicating the next 24 hours to working on Christmas presents and finishing my grad school application (gasp!) and maybe baking cookies tonight. Yeah, cookies would be nice. :)

 I finished urlLink Wizard and Glass yesterday in a whirlwind of reading while urlLink Shawn worked on his urlLink Dictee paper. It was really good - not sure if it's the strongest in urlLink the series , but it was damned good and some of the portrayals of love, the sacrifice of love, the doomed nature of love, really grabbed at my heart. Sometimes I feel like this love is too much like love stories from the books or the movies - knowing so quickly, feeling so right, the way I'm overwhelmed at times by just looking at him. I found myself crying Friday night and couldn't explain it - it just took my breath away. I know I was like this around urlLink Eva sometimes - when I'd just look at her and lose my breath, be overwhelmed - but this is different, somehow. I can't explain. I look at him and something ever-growing in me simply melts. Finally got a chance to see urlLink Alien Sex Party , courtesy of director urlLink Paul Yates , who somehow found my old blog and offered to send me a copy. It simply defines reterrible. urlLink Evil Dead previously held this title. It was crazy and funny and bizarre and definitely worth the watch, if only for The Pork Guys' rendition of "Fuck Christmas, Fuck You." Thanks, Paul! urlLink Hannah , urlLink Shawn , and I saw urlLink Over the Rhine at urlLink the High Dive - they were awesome, and it's super fun going to concerts just down the street. They played a bunch of my favorites, including "I Radio Heaven" and "All I Get for Christmas is Blue." After the show we walked in the snow to urlLink Aroma , where we had tasty food and got to see the smallest laptop ever. (OK, maybe not EVER.) Today's been full of reading and stretching and more reading and stretching and coffee and urlLink Saddam's capture. Did you know he was in a hole? Hey, yeah, he was in a hole. Let the finger pointing and "I told you so's" begin. I hope the Democratic party can keep the focus on the issues and not let this overrun any hopes of a proper election. I hung out at urlLink Shawn's til mid afternoon reading urlLink House of Leaves (which is insane and brilliant), then headed home so he could get some work done without distraction. I'll be glad when the semester's over and my friends have some free time - they've all been stressed, and that's wearing on everyone. I love you guys - it's almost over. Had a few hard emotional moments this weekend - but they seem to pass fairly quickly. I can't just not deal with things, even if the dealing is difficult. I can't imagine being on the other side of this, loving me and taking care of me though it, but I'm so grateful for those who are here and holding me and helping me get through it all. I can't imagine dealing with this alone. In many ways I've moved on - completely - I have a new life and new friends and new loves and new things - but the grief and guilt will haunt me for a long time. I am so lucky that those who I love and who love me realize that I have room enough in my heart for grief and pain AND love.

 I don't love you as if you were the salt-rose, topaz or arrow of carnations that propagate fire: I love you as certain dark things are loved, secretly, between the shadow and the soul. I love you as the plant that doesn't bloom and carries hidden within itself the light of those flowers, and thanks to your love, darkly in my body lives the dense fragrance that rises from the earth. I love you without knowing how, or when, or from where, I love you simply, without problems or pride: I love you in this way because I don't know any other way of loving but this, in which there is no I or you, so intimate that your hand upon my chest is my hand, so intimate that when I fall asleep it is your eyes that close. ---Pablo Neruda, Sonnet XVII

 For fuck's sake, how much stupid shit has to happen to me before this week can be over?!? Nothing in particular this time, just responding to a week of aching and frustration and loneliness and my ubiquitous friends confusion and uncertainty. I just want happiness and peace for me and for those I love. Is that too much to ask? Why does the holiday season bring out the worst in everyone? Maybe for my particular group it is because it coincides with semester's end - or maybe it just exacerbates the feelings of isolation and loneliness that were there all along, just under the surface. I don't know. All I know is that the things I want seem just out of reach, the things I need unavailable, and peace so far away I can't even imagine it.

 Sometimes I feel like my heart is breaking.

 Ever have one of those days where it feels like people should be getting an error message when they look at you? I've been so mercurially up and down today that I'm exhausted just thinking about it. Now I'm home and I'm making urlLink soup and just chilling until urlLink 24 . Will this day never end? Finally got to see urlLink Bowling for Columbine last night - it was difficult, but very good. There were parts that just made me ache for the stupidity and ignorance of our country. I love America - I love the freedoms I enjoy as an American - I love the things our country stood and stands for - but there are so many things that just pain me to think about. I'm tired.

 First I was Elizabeth Marie. I am Elizabeth by my father's choice - and Marie for my mother's best friend. As a child I was E. Briefly I was Beth. Then, in junior high and high school, I was Liz. Then, in college, I was Elizabeth. And now I am Elizabeth and E - the 'Liz' has been nearly eliminated and 'Beth' not even a distant memory. So strange the ways names change - and the way they change us. E was my name as a child when my brother couldn't pronounce Elizabeth - and it stuck. I am E to my closest friends - to those as intimate as family. To the rest of the world (and one special other) I am Elizabeth. I always thought that if I moved away to start an entirely new life I would go by my middle name - Marie. Not sure why that didn't happen. I think I really like the idea of a private name - a secret name - and then the name known by all. Maybe it's the intimacy and possession that sharing such a name suggests. All I know is that this name carries weight - that when I am Elizabeth instead of E it means something - it sets me apart - it pulls at the secret, hidden parts of me.

 Whew. Let's just say that things are a lot better than the last time I posted. urlLink Sarah put the towing charge on her credit card, so I was able to get my car back - and I can pay her back next week without overdrawing my account. I was offered pizza by the towing guy - who also complimented me on my mittens and apologized profusely and blamed the city for the towing. I picked up Taco Bell on the way home, and tried to win tickets to see urlLink Evanescence and/or urlLink A Perfect Circle . No such luck (surprise, right?). It was good in a roundabout way, though, as I discovered that urlLink Over the Rhine will be at the urlLink High Dive just down the street next weekend - yay! I took a long bath, drank some coffee, read a bit, then went to urlLink Shawn's later and watched urlLink Evil Dead . Wow. Slept in this morning, then more baking with urlLink Sarah - we're about half done with this enterprise. Got home around 3:30 and have been puttering ever since. Nice to not have any major catastrophes today (touch wood). urlLink Sarah and I talked a lot last night abotu urlLink co-op living, whether it's a feasible option for me in the future (like when my lease is up), whether it's something we could do as a group, etc. I can't decide. I think it could be incredible - everyone taking care of everyone in all the ways we already do - having friends as family all together yet each still having their own space - not having to drive across town to see my friends or get a hug when I need one. I know there would be drawbacks - too much familiarity inevitably leads to frustration, arguments that would otherwise not happen, etc - but I think it could be wonderful. Just an idea though....

 Let me describe the last two hours to you. My car was towed. From in front of my house. Because of a parade. There were no signs on my side of the street on my block - there were signs on the other side of the street and further up the street, but nothing by me. urlLink Shawn came and picked me up and dropped me off at the towing place. Where I discovered that I've lost my debit card. Which I haven't used in more than a week, so it could be anywhere. So I walked home. And then checked my voice mail to find out that Nate will under no circumstances let me have my cats back. Even though Joe thought he might. And I searched my wallet and my jackets and my purses and my apartment and came to two conclusions. Either (a) my card is really lost or (b) my card is in a pair of jeans or some other article of clothing. Which is great. Except my laundry is in my car. So now I have: No car No cats No debit card No cash with which to get my car No debit card with which to get cash No debit card with which to get my car No way of getting money until work Monday morning No way of getting to work Monday morning other than walking Oh yeah, and did I mention that I'm broke until payday?

 Hey, guess what? I started another blog. Well, it won't be a real blog - but since I got rid of vinny's site, I don't have anywhere to put my recipes online. This didn't seem the right place - so, urlLink voila! Why urlLink devil sauce ? When I was in London, we were served something by that same name in the refectory. When asked what urlLink devil sauce entailed: Cook: You know brown sauce? me: Yeah. It's brown. Cook: Well, it's kind of like that. me: Oooook. Thanks. So it seemed an apt title. :)

 No more double-booking. Last night I had a meeting after work (at 5), then was to meet my brother, drive to St. Joe, pick up my couch, drop it off at my apartment, then go to dinner with the urlLink NaNo kids at 6:45. An ambitious time schedule, but totally doable if the meeting went the suggested 30-45 minutes. It didn't. It instead went until 7:05, by which time Mark and Robby had both called, Robby had left (Robby with the truck, not NaNo Robby), the kids were waiting to eat, Vicki was wondering what had happened to me, etc. So all the plans were changed/rearranged, I sped across town to dinner, and was totally wiped out. Dinner was nice and quiet - Robby (NaNo, not truck), Kathryn, Amy and her fiance Ben (?) - urlLink Shawn joined us later after night #1 with Bob. The waiter was pretty deaf (beyond just me being soft-spoken), but our food arrived quickly and all was well. Finally got to see urlLink Pirates of the Caribbean for the first time last night. Rock. That really may be the best movie ever. So today I'm heading out to St Joe to get the couch, then making Christmas cookies with urlLink Sarah and Hannah and Sam, then watching movies tonight for the second urlLink NaNo weekend gathering. It should be hectic, but nice. OH, the good news - my friend Ron is going to take my hours on 12/26, so I get to go home for longer at Christmas. Yay!

 I called a lawyer today. I meant to do this before I left Rockford, before I moved down here, just to find out what I needed to do to protect myself and to prepare for what is to come. A few weeks ago I started looking online to see what I could find down here, not knowing any divorced people. All the people I know here are single or just-married or happily married or somewhere in between. I'm sure some of them know divorced people and consequently know of divorce lawyers, but how do you ask? Ehh. Anyway, I made a call today and have an appointment next week. I'm scared but if I've learned anything from working at the bank it is to stay calm and read the fine print. I'll survive. I know it. Tonight was lovely - I got off work an hour early since I was in early-early for a compliance meeting - took advantage of the time for a brief nap and a cup of tea (courtesy of Hot Neil the Coffeeshop Boy, who tossed a tea bag at me by accident). Hung out with urlLink Shawn for a bit, then joined the kids for dinner at urlLink Sarah and Hannah's for dinner. Cell phone fun, grading, cookies - magic. I finished my editing project and will be $25 richer as of tomorrow. I'd forgotten how much I do enjoy editing. I'm sure it won't be as fun when I'm grading myriad things at once - but I enjoy sitting down and tearing things apart and making them better. Can't get Amsterdam out of my head. All day long - "I'm twenty years old and I'm getting on a train." For so long my life has been judged against the intensity of those few days - those moments of being - every man I meet held against that ridiculous standard - I wonder if I'll ever get over it. I thought writing it out would help - but every so often these days come when I can't shake him, his scent, that memory. Death grip on the past, I tell ya. I find my self conflating the real him and my fiction of him - that personality that lies somewhere between the remembered and the imagined. God, I was so young. Remaining this week - dinner with the urlLink NaNo kids tomorrow night, a staff meeting, picking up my new (free!) couch, cookies with urlLink Sarah and Hannah and Sam, movies with the urlLink NaNo kids, reading, working on my cv and personal statement, spending time with urlLink the boy if I can lure him away from Bob, sleeping, and thinking about Christmas.

 I laid awake thinking about scary things, lonely things, terrifying things - things I can't bear but somehow must. I laid awake thinking about divorce. I laid awake late into the night, and then early this morning. I laid awake thinking about how much I have to lose, even beyond my divorce. I wondered how, in the end, I would find the strength to do it, to do what is so necessary from so many standpoints. I loved him once - it's true. I loved him enough to promise my entire life - my entire lifetime - my love to be his and his alone. That last part was never really true - was never really part of the deal - because she was there too. And I loved her and I promised her my life, my enduring friendship. And somewhere along the lines things changed. I reread urlLink my old blog in its entirety yesterday - beginning before the wedding, ending last month. Up and down and up and down and up and down. There were entries about being so, so happy - and then the next day wicked screaming fights. Desperately in love, then desperately alone. Up and down. And somehow when I stepped off that rollercoaster, when I left, when I packed my things and found a place for me alone, I found peace - of a sort. I found freedom from that rollercoaster, and a boarding pass for a new one. Now there are still ups and downs, but of a different sort. Now that foundation is gone - the foundation and security - the knowing he's going to be there when I get home - knowing he's there no matter what - knowing. I find myself in something tenuous and beautiful - exhilarating yet terrifying. I want so desperately to be free to do these things, to love the way I choose, to be for him and for myself the person I am becoming and the person I want to be. Yet I find in my way this roadblock - this final hurdle - divorce. And I'm so scared. I'm scared because that word means negating all that past happiness. Along those same lines, I'm scared to get rid of my wedding rings. I could use the money - oh god, I could use the money - but getting rid of the rings for me somehow means erasing the beauty of our wedding day. I'm over him - I've moved on - but I hold on to the past with such a death grip that I'm terrified to let go of my memories. And I know I don't have to forget - that those things are a part of me, a part of who I was, a part of who I'll always be - but the finality, the closure that I need is a double-edged sword. I just want to be free. I just want to love. I just want to have peace. I just want to have a real chance at future happiness. I just want to live my life. I just want to be happy. And I want all of these things for him - and for her too. I'm terrified of the things I must do, but I know they are necessary and somewhere I will find the strength to do them.

 Two absolutely brilliant finds today: urlLink stupid creatures and urlLink monster factory . I am totally in love with these bizarre little beasties and may have to make my own. I spent a lot of time reading urlLink Keri Smith's blog , which never fails to lift my spirits and encourage my creativity. Regarding urlLink self-promotion : I may be going out on a limb here, but lately I feel these things need to be said. Our culture focuses way too much on "how to make money", instead of "how to live well". I really feel that if you trust in your vision and pursue that which moves you, the work will come to you. Regarding urlLink finding your true vocation : I think you have found your true calling when you start to do your work and then begin to feel like you are goofing off all the while...Do not limit your play time as an adult! Your best work comes directly from there...I'm speaking of the old fashioned get down on the floor and colour your brains out. I don't believe that anything called "work" should have to be painful. I'll get off my soapbox now. I just wanted to remind you that you're allowed to play. And to hang your work on the fridge when you're done. Her site is so charming. It just makes me smile. Tonight: chicken parmesan, some pasta, and urlLink 24 with urlLink that boy . urlLink Sarah 's found some small work for me, so that'll help with the current lack o' funds. I never thought about pimping out my grammar skills. God, what an awful sentence. Let's add that to the "don't put on the resume" sheet, along with my video game prowess, urlLink Puzzle Pirates , and, um, bedroom skills.

 amazing how a cup of tea, some newspapers, and a soak in the tub can lift your spirits. wasn't particularly glum today - just pensive i guess - but now i feel warm and soft and loved. *

 I already have a commenting tool, but I thought this might be a fun way to see where everyone is. :) urlLink &nbsp; urlLink

 I can't decide if this is utterly charming or disturbing - urlLink Vogue's take on Alice in Wonderland . The idea at least is brilliant. A nice quiet day. We've done nothing but lie around and eat and sleep and read. Joe and urlLink Hannah called earlier with a pressing urlLink Jay-Z question. It was nice to talk to him for a couple of minutes - Joe, not urlLink Jay-Z . Not sure the entire plan for the evening, but I believe it entails getting food and watching movies. We have a couple from urlLink NetFlix , and apparently urlLink Lost in Translation is showing on campus somewhere, sometime. We'll see. Tonight is my work Christmas party (yes, we know it was a month ago), but I just didn't feel like getting dressed up to go hang out with the people from work. I like them a lot, but I already spend 40 hours a week with them. Did I mention I got the first "Perfect Teller Cruiser" award yesterday? It's a new award for quality customer service that they're presenting on a monthly basis - I was the first one at our branch. My supervisor heavily commended me on my customer service - for the customers and for my coworkers. She also praised me for alllllll the stuff I've gotten done on my own, which is nice. I'm a fairly industrious and independent worker and it's nice to get praise for things I'd do anyway. :) Last night's game night was fun, but disappointing in that Chris and Amity didn't show. urlLink Hannah blew off Kory's party to come play with us - we had homemade pizza and brownies in an impromptu urlLink Finding Nemo birthday party, courtesy of my mom. It felt very third grade-like. We played LOTR Trivial Pursuit and were v. silly. It was a lot of fun, though would've been even better if the rest of the kids had been able to come. Being in a new-ish relationship can be very insular - too bad there isn't a better way to make your friends come out and play. Now it's back to reading - I'm reading urlLink For the Love of Books , which is proving to be quite wonderful. urlLink Shawn wrote a nice urlLink review of it on the urlLink book club site last weekish. urlLink Sarah also apparently really liked it. I had to start a must-read list as there are so many wonderful things I've missed. I'm really enjoying the informality - the way each contributor has his or her own voice - how we find out not only the works that are supposed to matter but also the ridiculous ones that only matter on an individual level. urlLink Anthony Lane , for example, cites urlLink Richard Scarry's Busy Busy World as "a resourceful tour d'horizon whose cosmopolitan principles reverberate in my mind even now. I cling fast to the belief, for instance, that the benign theives of Paris invariably hide from the police in tureens of green soup, that the ghosts who float through Danish castles are obliged to wash their sheets in the laundry, and that the present unrest in Algeria could be peacefully solved by Couscous, the famous detective ("My! That Couscous is a clever fellow.")" And I'm in love. :) Off to figure out something for dinner - urlLink Shawn is trying to convince Gambit to go get us some sushi, but it just isn't working. Boo to the cold and the having to get dressed to go outside.

 Good. You know your music. You should be able to work at Championship Vinyl with Rob, Dick and Barry urlLink Do You Know Your Music (Sorry MTV Generation I Doubt You Can Handle This One) brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Hooray for urlLink sushi racing ! Also hooray for possible free bookcases, courtesy of the now-defunct Babbitt's. Also hooray for my random customer service award. Also hooray for warm.

 I love my kitties sooooo much, but this is the urlLink cutest motherfucking cat ever . Today just was. Nothing much to say. More snow, lots of unproductive runnings-about, dinner with the kids, talking and drinking and laughing. Amity and Chris are coming to dinner tomorrow, along with urlLink Hannah and urlLink Shawn . urlLink Mark and urlLink Missy were supposed to come, but it looks like they're out. Boo. We're going to eat pizza and play LOTR games and be silly. It's a good plan. Saturday I'm supposed to go to my work Christmas party. I'm not overly thrilled, but it might be fun and would give urlLink the boy time to work without me around. I really want him to come so he can meet my friends from work - but I know he has work to do, and I'm nonplussed about going in the first place. Not a big deal. It's just one of those relationshippy things - like being invited to events together, which is starting to happen. It makes me smile, but it's a weird transition as well at times. And then Sunday is the SuperBowl and we've each been invited to parties, so the weekend should be less quiet than recently, and more social. Should be nice. Sleepy. He spent the night last night, and neither of us could sleep despite physical exhaustion. We laid awake talking and being silly until after 2, when I finally conked out and he got up to read. Insomnia's a bitch, and I hope it goes away for him. I know how shitty it made me feel. The abbreviated sleep didn't bother me all day, and then about 10pm it hit me like a ton of bricks. Time for bed...

 A not-bad day. I woke up early enough to make coffee, and didn't have to scrape my windows at all. I had lunch with urlLink Sarah and Jody. Carmen worked with me, so I had someone to keep me company all afternoon. My drawer was off, but Jessie was cool about it. I ran around a lot the last hour of work, but it was nothing big. I found out that my diamonds (just the diamonds) are only worth about $150, at least to Browne's Fine Jewelry. I think I'll pass, and get a second opinion. urlLink Mark , urlLink Melissa , urlLink Sarah , and urlLink Shawn came for Meat Night - chicken fajitas, Spanish rice, and a salad. We watched urlLink StrongBad and urlLink the moon song and urlLink badgers and urlLink more badgers and other bits of randomness, including urlLink how the world will end . And then I decided to play with my taxes, and they're not so much fun. Now I'm just trying to unwind and not worry about money. Money is supa lame.A

 I must not be a good feminist. I don't know what I am - and I don't generally worry about those labels - but occasionally I'll find myself in conversations that just make me shake my head. It doesn't matter to me if women choose to work or choose to stay at home, as long as those things are choices. I don't feel empowered by knowing that there are women out there making obscene amounts of money any more than I feel empowered by my mother's choice (and ability) to stay at home. I get angry with feminism in the same way I get angry with people push-push-pushing affirmative action. I don't want to get a job just because I'm a woman. I don't want to be looked at differently because I'm a woman. I don't want people to make special caveats for me because I'm a woman. It's bullshit. I guess what I'm for is equality - not elevation, not reparation, just equality. And maybe I'm an idealist for hoping for those things. But feminism for me, I guess, is more of a personal choice than a public statement - just as my stance on abortion is a personal choice rather than a public statement. I can't make decisions for others. I'm not angry with men for keeping women in the house for centuries. I'm happy to live in the time in which we live. I'm happy that I have the choices that are presented to me, and I hope that things continue to get better for women in the days to come. Or maybe it's just that I don't understand militancy, in any form. Militant feminist, militant lesbian, militant (insert cause here) - maybe that makes me passive, maybe I'm just different. I don't know. This post isn't going anywhere, so I'll leave it at this. I support women's rights, but I'm not going to deny that I have decidedly un-feminist bents to my thinking. I'm just - me.

 A couple of thoughts. Again, this wireless network thing rock rock rocks. Except that the one at Green Street appears to be much more volatile than the one at Za's. So much for the getting coffee and checking my email lunch break. I've been here 10 minutes and have moved tables once. How annoying. Yay for urlLink Johnny Depp and his Oscar nomination . Tasty. Actually, yay for all the Oscar nominees. I've seen more nominated films/people this year than last, and I feel pretty good about that. I can't imagine the courage it must take to campaign for President, especially when you're one of many candidates and far from the front runner - and that's just competing for your party's place on the ballot. I know upsets occur, but still. At that point you're either extremely passionate and convicted - or a masochist. More snow last night. It's lovely, except when you have to drive and/or walk in it. I'm thinking about stew for dinner, then reading on the couch. Oh, and urlLink 24 . Of course urlLink 24 .

 I'm really sore tonight for no apparent reason. OK, that's not entirely true. After a peaceful morning, I had a terrifically stressful afternoon. They've hired someone to work with me MWF, but they don't start for another 2-3 weeks, so for the time being, I'm working like crazy. What's wrong with Jay Leno? Sorry, I digress. Anyway, I was insanely busy from about 1:30 until 3:30 - the only line I had all day - and I literally ran from about 1:30 until 4:30. I'm really surprised I balanced without a problem and that I didn't go crashing into the wall while running down the ramp. It's going to happen one of these days - I know it. In the last week I've tackled a couple of stupid projects that no one could be bothered with, including tracking down people who haven't picked up their check orders from 2002. There's something seriously wrong with urlLink Shawn . I feel like I need to make this public service announcement before something tragic happens. I'm not sure what sort of tragedy could come from such oddness, but there you have it. Maybe one day he'll try too hard to explain something that's funny and fall off the couch. It could happen. urlLink Shawn wishes you kind readers to know that he just did an impression of Bernie Mac with no segue from talking ABOUT Bernie Mac. He also claims I just don't understand his humor. Is there anything else, urlLink Shawn ? He is now hunched over, and Coke might be coming out his nose. Oh. I am now apparently a blasphemer. He is laughing so hard that speech is difficult. And maybe he's hurt himself. I repeat myself, there's something seriously wrong. I've just been tackled. Apparently I didn't explain the Bernie Mac impression in an adequate manner. I'm still not sure what I missed, but I will leave that alone so as to avoid being tackled again. Our first real snow - of course everyone's acting like 3-5 inches is the end of the world. It's not, really. I did see a small child in a Burger King hat slip in the snow, but that's about it. OK, too much randomness. I'll leave it at that.

 Two reasons I love my laptop and network card: 1. Last night I talked to urlLink Shawn and urlLink Adrienne and urlLink Jen online while in the bath. No worries, I didn't actually have the computer in the bath - it was on a kitchen chair next to the tub. I was warm and submerged to my waist in water, but my arms and hands were high and dry. A while ago I said the ultimate thing would be to have a computer in the bath - my two greatest addictions - and now I can have them both. Muahahaha. 2. Right now I'm blogging from Za's. I know the wireless network thingie isn't a novelty to, well, anyone - but it's pretty damned thrilling for me, now that I've gotten it to work. I just had tasty fettucine with mushrooms, garlic, artichokes, and black olives in a cream white wine sauce, garlic bread, and a soda, and now I'm sitting by the window, watching the students walk by in the slushy snow. I know I said I was going to come home for lunch more, but today I just didn't have time to pack a lunch. I'm thinking there will be lots of lunches at Green St or urlLink Moonstruck - perhaps a covert sandwich along with coffee and free free internet. Ah well, back to work. Hooray for rocking internet, boo for worky-work. Oh well.

 I'm the lamest girl in the room.

 Not much to say, for it's been a quiet weekend. I suppose most weekends are quiet around here, and that's mainly a good thing. I've had enough insanity for one twelve month period. Friday night my network and internet connections decided to fail - still not sure why, because after a couple of reboots and 45 minutes on hold with tech support they spontaneously came back to life. Ahh blessed internet, you are my friend. I cleaned my apartment, then urlLink Shawn came over after four hours of minestrone-induced coma - we had dinner, which tasted much better than it looked, then watched urlLink Once Upon a Time in Mexico . I've seen urlLink Desperado , but not urlLink El Mariachi , which we also rented - maybe I'll get to that later today or tomorrow. Anyway, urlLink Once Upon a Time in Mexico was fun, but definitely rental fun, not $7.50 movie ticket plus popcorn sort of fun. Johnny Depp is insane, and Antonio Banderas is pretty-pretty, but shouldn't talk much. He's v nice to look at when he's emoting. :) Saturday we slept in, then exhausted my breakfast resources with french toast. I took urlLink Shawn home around noon, then bummed around the apartment for the afternoon. I took a long bath and read Steve Martin's urlLink The Pleasure of My Company (review urlLink here ), then picked urlLink Shawn up so we could go to dinner with the kids for urlLink Hannah 's birthday (which is actually today - happy birthday!). We all convened at urlLink Radio Maria , which was excellent for the second week in a row. It was so much fun to have everyone there - that hasn't happened since before my arrival down here - urlLink Sarah , urlLink Hannah , Amity & Chris, Sam & Brian, Dan & Mariko, Sara L, Oday, urlLink Shawn , and I. I had the chicken tangine which was remarkable - it was served with apple-mint couscous and a coconut cilantro chutney that was to die for. After dinner we traipsed down to the urlLink art theatre to see urlLink The Company , which was better than I expected and elicited a few gasps of remembered pleasure from me because Neve Campbell's character worked at urlLink Neo , my very favorite Chicago club. (Ahh, urlLink Neo . Such fond mmmmemories of my last visit. That wall in the alley - wow. OK, we'll leave that one alone. It's a good wall.) Anyway, the movie was lovely, and I'm glad I saw it. Went back to urlLink Shawn 's afterwards, fondly rehashed urlLink Neo , then watched the ultimately forgettable urlLink SWAT . Slept in late this morning, then read in bed for a while. I dreamt last night that I failed the GRE's because I had to fill out some sort of registration paperwork, which was blown out of my hands into the Mississippi River, and I was on some sort of precipice and couldn't get down to it - and they wouldn't let me reregister. Don't know where that one's coming from. I also dreamt that urlLink Shawn was moving from his current apartment to a new one tomorrow, only he didn't have a new apartment yet, and somehow was going to move all his books without any sort of boxes. And after those two, I laid awake for a while, worrying about money. I've decided that I need to make a serious effort at getting a part time job - even an extra $100/month would really help out. The urlLink CPL is hiring, as are a couple of other places I've seen, so I'm going to send out a couple of applications and see what happens. That would also help with the loneliness and downtime as my friends get busy with school and I remain, well, not busy with anything. And then I started worrying about grad school again, and about whether or not urlLink Nate was taking care of his end of the divorce (aka signing the paperwork) - and then urlLink Shawn made coffee, very kindly threw a shirt at my head, accused me of stealing the blankets and not being conscientious of the sheets' feelings, and neglected to apprise me of the morning's plan until he was putting on his shoes and I was still clad only in the aforementioned shirt. It was silly and random - and just what I needed to snap out of it this morning. We went to urlLink Aroma for lunch, where I finished urlLink In a Sunburned Country (which has to rank as my second favorite book, behind urlLink Microserfs ) and was charmed by two ten-ish girls who plopped down in the chair next to us and talked about coffeeshops and complimented each other on their respective braces. I took urlLink Shawn home in the blustery cold - at some point it started snowing in earnest - and am now sitting on my couch with a cat in my lap, trying to decide what to do for the rest of the day. The last few Sundays have been dominated by reading, then dinner and urlLink Law & Order at urlLink Shawn 's, but he has work to do and the Golden Globes are on anyway. So we'll see. Oh yeah, and we joined urlLink NetFlix this weekend and already have approx 75 movies in our queue. Any suggestions are welcome. :)

 I guess I would just say that working those jobs served the purpose of making me understand that earlier thing about grace and money. The harder I worked, generally, and the less the work had to do with something I loved, the less I had to use (for good, or for love, or for kindness) at the end of the day. -- urlLink George Saunders in the urlLink New Yorker

 OK, so my blogging this week has been a nice mixture of the very, very serious and the totally random. urlLink This is an example of the latter, found thanks to urlLink Shawn 's friend urlLink Matt . Brilliant.

 I read urlLink this just now and thought it nicely summed up my thoughts on orgasms. The scenarios are completely different - she's a call girl, I'm not - but I totally agree with a lot of what she's saying. Enjoyable sex doesn't have to involve orgasm, though that's a super nice side benefit. Sometimes it just doesn't happen (or happen at all, for some people) but that doesn't mean there's something wrong with the partner or the sex they're having. I also don't know where the notion came into being that sex that doesn't last a long time equals bad sex. Sex that goes on for hours can be really, really wonderful - but that doesn't mean there's anything wrong with a quick romp and falling sweaty into the sheets before sleep. Both have their times and their merits. I once had a guy semi-proposition me by saying that he doesn't do "hard and fast" - he'd rather go slow and make it last hours. What? I figure as long as we're both having fun, it doesn't really matter. Voila. My Friday thoughts on sex. Have a great weekend. :)

 OK, I know the tone today has been somber and apologetic, but I have to breakt it up a bit. You must must must listen to urlLink this because it's so random and great. :) Thanks, Clint, for sending this my way. :)

 I hope these big relationship posts aren't overwhelming. I have another one written - about Nate, about what went wrong, about what went down between us, but I think I'm going to post it on my urlLink LiveJournal cos that might be a little much for here. Please don't worry, I really am OK. I'm not having a rough day, I'm not depressed, I'm not on the verge of anything. I was just lying awake thinking of the ways I have to have closure before anything else is fair - and one of those ways, for me at least, is to write it all down. I am very happy with my new life, rough days notwithstanding. I love my friends, I love my apartment, I love my cats, and my job's not bad. And I'm ridiculously in love with urlLink the boy . But then you knew that. I guess I felt like I needed to qualify these apologies, these explanations, with that statement. I'm in love, I'm happy, and I made the right choices. But sometimes even the right choices cause hurt, and require some explanation.

 I woke up in the middle of the night, soundly awake, swearing I heard a noise in my apartment. It didn't appear to be anything, but it still took a while to get back to sleep - and at 2:30am, you know the sorts of things that run through your head - the what ifs, the whys, the regrets. And I thought about Eva. And the person I was just a few months ago. It blows my mind. I wish I could talk to her, to Eva. I wish I could make clear things that I wasn't brave enough to do then. I have written her and emailed her, and she doesn't respond, so I suppose I will make my confessional here, and be done with it. Perhaps I will try to email it and write it as well. She said she hated reading about our relationship on my blog, but now we have no relationship, and I know no other way to communicate with her. I fucked up. I fucked up big time. I wasn't fair to her, any more than I was fair to Nate, but in this case I think a lot of it was because I didn't give communication a chance. Our relationship was so up and down for so long - a few months of bliss, then months of no communication. In December of 2002 it looked like things were going to be real and wonderful and good. She decided to move down - and then Jeff decided to love her. I knew this would be good for her, but didn't know what it would mean for us. Almost immediately I saw the change. We went from frequent and delirously in love conversations, to not much - from weekly letters to none. She moved down in February - next door - and that was great the whole time it lasted, though not so much great for "us" as it was for our general friendship. I loved doing things with her, but it felt like from the moment she accepted his proposal she started to drift further and further away from me - and I didn't know how to address that, so I didn't. I felt guilty spending too much time with her - spending the night - because it meant I would be away from Nate. And I felt guilty not spending time with her and not spending the night because I would be away from her. I felt like I was crap at both relationships, and so instead of dedicating myself to fixing the things that were wrong, I just allowed both to be mediocre. I started questioning things in March - March. But then every time I felt like things were to a deciding point, we'd have a wonderful day or she'd be really affectionate, and then I wouldn't be brave enough or decisive enough to do anything. I had an out in April - after Good Friday, she called me and went off on me on the phone for nearly an hour while I was at work, crying, trying not to make a scene on an already tense day. I had an out - and I didn't take it. Neither did she. And things were tenative and I kept questioning, but I didn't say anything. And then she got married in May, and I thought my heart would break. And maybe that was the beginning of the end. I know we shouldn't have gone on vacation. I was unsure about it until the morning we left, but I went thinking we could have a nice time, and we did. But it was unfair, and I feel bad about that. What was really unfair were the infidelities. I didn't sleep with anyone else, not while she and I were together, but there definitely was kissing and the like, the sort of thing that Nate OK'ed but I could never tell Eva. I wonder what Nate's told her, now that they're friends and we're not. I wonder if he has suggested to her that I broke up with her to sleep with the boy. It's not true, but that's the sort of thing I can see being expressed to her. It had nothing to do with him - NOTHING. I think she thought it was all about sex - I wanted to be free to be with other people, and so I ended things. Maybe it was like that in her mind, but it wasn't in mine. I felt like I was suffocating. I felt like I couldn't do anything (yes, including sex) without looking for her approval or anticipating her hurt. I felt like because she didn't party or go out, I was a bad person because I wanted to do those things. And I was questioning other things in my life, and I couldn't share them with her. I was hurt by her distance, but didn't know how to address it. She was hurt by the fact that I could talk to everyone but her about our relationship. And so I did the only thing I knew to do - the only thing that seemed right. I asked to take a step back. I told her I couldn't handle the intensity - that I still loved her, I still wanted to be a part of her life, but I couldn't do it the way we had been. And she didn't see it coming, and was destroyed. And when the rest of it went down - the break down, the not sleeping or eating, the eventual decision to leave and move down here, she was supportive at first, encouraging me to do what I felt was right, then damning when I followed through with my decisions. I haven't spoken to her since early September. I miss having her in my life sometimes - we had a lot in common, we had wonderful times together, and I really, truly did love her. A part of me will always love her. But after a point, you have to make decisions. When there are people in your life that cause you more pain than joy, you have to decide to hang on to that pain, or to let go. I can't spend the rest of my life fighting for a friendship that doesn't interest her - constantly rehashing old hurts and offenses - trying to make amends to myself and to her for things for which I need not apologize. I did poorly by her, and I regret that. I wish I could say 'I'm sorry' in a way that is adequate and fair. But in the end, she isn't in my life any more. She chose Nate's side, and that's her decision. I can't change that. I miss her, but it's her decision to not be in my life. If she chooses to extend friendship to me again, I will consider it. I'm sorry, Eva. I guess that's all I can say.

 Will this day ever fucking end? I am exhausted and in a lousy mood. I sold $94,000.00 to the vault today, only to discover my drawer was off by $240.00 - so we had to recount the whole goddamned thing. My hands are filthy, and I've washed them three times. I was by myself today, Jake having gone to just weekends and a replacement being nonexistant, and while it wasn't as bad as yesterday, it was still hellaciously busy and lame-o. By 5:00 I just wanted to get out of there - get out of there and come home to a hot cup of tea and someone who wanted to hear about my day, even if it was just "it's a crap day, I don't want to talk about it." Instead I came home to a too-warm living room, a too-cold bedroom, and cats who have decided that their mission in life is to cover the world in fur. Bah. But urlLink the boy just popped online and I guess we're going for coffee, so that'll be nice. I think I need to designate something fun to do on Wednesdays cos I'm usually fed up by this time of the week. The State of the Union address - whew. Bush and his speech writers (well, mainly the writers) came up with some quality logic/reasoning there. They manage to present things that sound really good, yet completely subvert all logic. Like, we're for conservation and reducing our dependency on foreign oil, but what we really mean is that we're going to start drilling in Alaska whether you like it or not. We're pro-education, yet it's more important to distribute $30 million (was that the figure?) for drug testing than to contribute to higher education. I thought the tone of the speech was really good - until he got on the "family values" tangent. It's OK to help out convicts, but damn the gay couples who want their unions recognized? What the fuck? I'm not militant about these things, but that part of the speech was enough to put me off Bush altogether (if the last three years hadn't already done enough). At least he didn't dwell on the "spider hole." Maybe the best part of the whole broadcast, however, was when Tom Brokaw was talking to Jon Stewart, who shook his fist at the camera and said "OH YOU, BROKAW." I heart Jon Stewart. He should run for president. Really. So I don't know who gets my vote. I was leaning towards Dean at the beginning of the election, but both Clark and Kerry are looking better. The problem is finding a balance between a leader who will be a strong leader, who shares my views on the things that are important, and who actually has a chance of winning. And then I have to decide for myself which things are more important. In better news, I started rereading urlLink In a Sunburned Country , which is, as always, fucking brilliant. Once I'm done, I'm moving on to urlLink Wolves of the Calla , which is a big fatty book and should be fun. OK, my cat is being rumbly, as is my belly. Time to find some clothes and some food.

 A wicked busy day - the return of students means the return of business to Campustown means the return of the insanity to work. Thank god for Ron, who came in early, stayed late, and made me a little more sane. I dread new student week, and hope I'll be gone by then. Apparently there are folks that think I do nothing but blog. This is an untruth, and I will seek to debunk this myth in the next week or so. Coming soon, a FAQ about me. Ask your questions, and they will be answered. :) Feeling physically better but a little tired and quiet tonight. It's too bad our hearts and minds don't come with a pre-installed diagnostic program. I think human relationships would be easier that way. "Oh, don't worry honey, I'm just a little low on xxxxx tonight. My levels should be back to normal if I eat this banana." "Oh, so I'm feeling this way because I washed my hair the wrong way this morning. So that explains it." But then I like the mystery too. I dunno. *sigh* This malaise comes with winter, and I just need to wait it out.

 I'm tired, and cramp-y, and cold. This winter shit's got to go. Spent the day with urlLink Shawn - woke up late, met urlLink Michelle for coffee, then went to Decatur with urlLink Sarah to play with books. I didn't buy much this weekend, but I think I'm over my book buying limit for a little while at least. Spent the evening helping urlLink Shawn with the massive book reorganization project - I no longer "owe him bigtime" - then came home an hour or so ago after I started to feel downright icky. Not sure what's going on with my body, but then I never am. Either way, it was a nice weekend - really nice. I've been spoiled the last couple of weeks - lots of time to sleep and read and relax and love. I know things will be different once the semester starts up tomorrow, but I'm grateful for the weeks of wonderfulness. I know I gush on about him, how much I love him, etc all the time - to you, to him, to whoever will listen - but sometimes it's hard not to - like tonight when he wrapped me up in his blankets and his arms and put his warm hands on my aching body to make me feel better. *

 urlLink This post is incredible. The blogger is nearly nine months pregnant and has posted for the last few months about her pregnancy, about the massive home remodeling project she and her husband have undertaken, etc. Here she is posting about her husband - and about what went before their relationship and this pregnancy. It is - wow. "Sometimes I make myself sick with how goopy I get when I start to talk about him, but it’s become increasingly hard to even think about him without silently gasping, my God, I am so in love with this man. " Call me an idealist, but I want to be able to say these things about someone some day - or maybe I already do. And on a similar note, urlLink Ada 's post on 15 January about her family. "A fortune teller once told me that the people you have relationships with in your life (familial, personal, confrontational...) last for lifetime after lifetime after lifetime. One is always trying to improve on these relationships and I wonder if she meant that nirvana was a sort of success in all the people that you touch."

 A couple of birthday photos, including my new fabulous hair:

 I had such a wonderful birthday. I hit on the morning highlights on my urlLink live journal , so I'll just cover the rest of the day. Work was insanely busy all afternoon - my drawer was off, and we had 50-60 international students in our tiny tiny bank opening accounts. Most of our AEs open 5-10 accounts per day - yesterday they were opening five at a time . The bar was a necessity, so a bunch of us went to Murphy's for a few after work. I had a couple of beers, then headed home. urlLink Shawn took me to urlLink Radio Maria for dinner - on the way there we passed the urlLink Ludo boys as they unloaded the van. Dinner was remarkable - I had the Indian duck with a tangerine clove sauce, jasmine rice, and a red cabbage salad, as well as a glass of DuBoeuf Gamay. urlLink Shawn had the tea-smoked salmon with a peanut lime chayote salad and a pyramid of wasabi soba noodles. Wow. Sooo good. We had coffee, then went to the urlLink Cowboy Monkey , which turned out to be much cooler than expected. urlLink Ludo was fucking awesome. They had some hecklers during the sound check, then Andrew came out and talked to us for a while. It was fun that they recognized me, fun to get to talk to him for a while - they played a cover at my request, and dedicated "Hum Along" to me for my birthday, which was so, so cool. The show was a rockin' good time, and I hope they come back through here soon. And then I got to open my presents - Kafka's urlLink The Trial and Elizabeth Barret Browning's urlLink Sonnets from the Portugese - v excited about both. A wonderful birthday. It was everything I could've asked or hoped for. I'm a v lucky girl.

 This was the best birthday I could possibly imagine. Thank you all for being a part of it - Shawn, Sarah, Hannah, Mark, Melissa, sMother, Jen, Newman, the work kids, Miko, the diner on Neil, Radio Maria, Cowboy Monkey, and Ludo who dedicated "Hum Along" to me. Love to you all. I'm going to go sober up. :)

 Double posting once again: Let me be very clear about this list. I have left off many albums - like Radiohead's OK Computer and Smashing Pumpkins' Siamese Dream. These omissions are deliberate - they represent albums that I know are good, yet for some reason or other I've never connected with them - lack of listening, lack of concentration, just not getting it, etc. So yes, Nevermind should be on the list. But it isn't. Suck it. :) Without further ado, Miss E's list of twenty-or-so damned fine albums from the 90's (in no particular order): 1. Nine Inch Nails - The Fragile 2. Tool - Aenima 3. Fiona Apple - Tidal 4. VAST - Visual Audio Sensory Theatre 5. U2 - Achtung Baby 6. Tori Amos - Boys for Pele 7. Sarah McLachlan - Fumbling Towards Ecstasy 8. Nine Inch Nails - Downward Spiral 9. Garbage - Garbage 10. Massive Attack - Mezzanine 11. Prodigy - Fat of the Land 12. Daft Punk - Homework 13. Sublime - Sublime 14. Fatboy Slim - You've Come a Long Way Baby 15. PJ Harvey - To Bring You My Love 16. Nine Inch Nails - Pretty Hate Machine 17. Oasis - What's the Story? (Morning Glory) 18. Beck - Odelay 19. Alanis Morissette - Jagged Little Pill 20. Elton John - Made in England 21. Third Eye Blind - Third Eye Blind 22. Jewel - Pieces of You 23. Tea Party - Transmission And the extra special "released in the 90s but not relevant to me until the 00s" list: Jeff Buckley - Grace Moby - Play Portishead - Dummy Depeche Mode - Songs of Faith and Devotion Marilyn Manson - Antichrist Superstar Dead Can Dance - Toward the Within OK, stopping now. Let the randomness prevail.

 Oooooh I'm supa cute. I got my hair cut today on my lunch break. The haircut, combined with the wearing of the glasses (slept in my contacts), the new collared black shirt, and the new skirt made for a supa-fab day. Well, not supa-fab, but I at least felt chic and professional and hot. Hot-hot. Oh, and the haircut was free, so that was fab too. And urlLink Ludo 's going to be in Champaign on Friday. What's Friday, you ask? Oh yeah, my birthday! So I get to go to dinner (I think), and then to see urlLink Ludo . Rock. Oh, and the show's at urlLink Cowboy Monkey , which has to be fun because, c'mon, it has to do with monkeys. And everyone knows monkeys = fun. I got the paperwork in the mail today from the lawyer. A few things need to be corrected, but that shouldn't take long. Tonight I'm running away from home. urlLink Shawn 's here, and in a big we're going to go to urlLink Kopi or somewhere and read and eat. I'm feeling less cabin-feverish today, but then I've only been home an hour. My cats are everywhere, and I have a book to read and a boy to cuddle with. urlLink Philip is right - there's a different between being happy and being content. Some days I'm both, some days just one or the other. I think right now I'm both.

 I don't know what's gotten into me these days. I'm restless and tired and I feel like I'm in transit, in limbo. Not like before, though, when my whole life was on hold. Nothing like that. Not uncomfortable, not ill-at-ease, just as if I'm sitting on a bench waiting for my train to arrive and it's taking its own damned time. Waiting to hear from the lawyer. Waiting to hear from urlLink UIUC . Waiting for my birthday. Waiting for things to be right. And at the same time my friends are dealing with things - job changes, job possibilities, relationship changes, moves, school, friends in jail, friends not getting along - and I want to be there and do what I can. It's too bad I can't be a professional empath cos I'm damned good at it. I'm good at the stopping, the stepping back, the reasoning through - for everyone by myself. Do you think I could do that for a living? Just set up shop in some coffeehouse and charge people by the hour to talk? Not therapy, per se, just a listening ear. And you know what, people would pay. Sad but true. I want to have the right answers for everyone. I want to say the right thing and help the people I care about. I want to wave my urlLink Tub Tints bath wand and be Santa for the twentysomething, as urlLink Amanda once described me. And I want to not worry about these things either. But right now I guess I'm just in a funk. I need a vacation. I love my apartment, but I want to not be here for a couple of days. I want a few days off work - all my friends have been on break the last couple of weeks, and I'm wicked jealous. I'm not eligible for vacation time until April - APRIL - but when it comes around, I'm definitely using it. And a little of me is regretting not paying the rest of the layaway and getting my lovely bike - not that I could use it right now or can really afford a $900 bike. It would just be a toy that could take me places, I guess. And, oh yeah, the RAGBRAI is definitely out for me. No bike, no money, no vacation time, no team. Maybe some other year. I think a big part of this malaise comes from the fact that I have nothing in which I can lose myself. urlLink Sarah and urlLink Hannah have their work and their boys. urlLink Shawn has video games. urlLink Amanda goes out and parties with friends. urlLink Jen has a million jobs and the blessed herb. I sit on my butt at work all day, surfing the web cos there's nothing else I can do. I come home and cook, clean, putter around, and find excuses to spend time with my friends. I don't watch much TV, I don't watch many movies - I read a lot, but I haven't read anything that I could lose myself in lately. Time alone is good for me - I know it - but time spent just stewing is not. Resolution #4389: Get a life.

 Sleepy.

 "But surely there can be no encore for a screen triptych as perfectly finished as this. Jackson has created a fantasy masterpiece: he now has to move on. I suggest he starts with The Odyssey and The Iliad, then does Beowulf and Dante's Inferno, and ends with the complete works (in any order) of Dumas, Verne and Fenimore Cooper. On second thoughts, let's just give him the complete freedom of Hollywood and the world movie industry." I think it's a brilliant urlLink idea .

 It's Sunday afternoon, and sunny. A new computer (and its associated boxes) is now in residence on my coffee table, and urlLink Shawn is shaking his fist at it. The computer's name is James. So far this weekend I have read two books (Narnias urlLink 1 and urlLink 2 ), watched two movies ( urlLink Big Fish and urlLink 21 Grams ), been to two coffee shops ( urlLink Aroma and urlLink Cafe Kopi ), and generally relaxed a lot. It's been nice. I felt bad ditching out on Jake's party last night, but I just wasn't in the mood. urlLink Big Fish was really really pretty. I haven't seen much of Tim Burton's work (read: urlLink Nightmare Before Christmas or urlLink Edward Scissorhands ) so I don't have much to compare - but it was lovely and did a nice job of walking the fine line between schmaltz and beauty. One step further and we would've gone head-first into sentimentality, but Burton maintained the balance. I would recommend this one to anyone, really. For a while there I thought urlLink Shawn was directly responsible for some of the oddities (including the giant that was so hungry ), if that tells you anything about the fun-fun of the film. urlLink Hannah joined us for dinner at my place before the movie - it was fun to hang out and just be mellow with the kitties and computers and books. urlLink 21 Grams was difficult. I'm not going to mince words on that one. From a review on urlLink imdb : "The film is about the depth of human feeling in our brief interplay between living and dying. It's about damnation and redemption, revenge and forgiveness, surrender and salvation. It offers no explanations. It merely illustrates the human experience in a trenchant manner that makes us aware that every minute of every day is a precarious drama that we look upon more lightly than we should. The dramatic cortex is the human heart-lost, gained, tormented, anguished and confused. The metaphorical context is the fleeting nature of each heart's temporal beat and our desperately valiant struggle to flesh out our mortal hearts' desires." It was beautiful and heart-wrenching and made me physically ill at some points. We went with Oday and his friend Desiree after coffee at urlLink Cafe Kopi . urlLink Cafe Kopi 's in my neighborhood but I hadn't been - I'll have to go again. I'm glad Oday suggested the movie - I'm not sure if it's something I would've seen on my own. And today's been mellow - reading on the couch, computer shopping (culminating in the purchase of James), now sitting in my living room while urlLink Shawn works and the cats frolic in the sunlight and fresh air. So nice to have my windows open after a week-or-so of bitter cold. The weather here is strange, and wonderful. It promises to be a quiet week - just work, nothing exciting, then my birthday on Friday. I will be 24.

 "The power of their partnership I think I could have sensed even without years of sharpening. They simply existed together, prepared to complement and back up whatever the other was doing, from the smallest to the largest of things. I wish to preserve them within. I read that urlLink here , and it took my breath away.

 I'm tired, and cranky, and a little tipsy. I have cat(s) in my lap. I went to yoga tonight and felt all blissy - then came home to an empty apartment and trash to take out and dishes to do. Whinge, whinge, whinge. I'm craving something, and I don't know what it is. I thought it might be salty food, but that's not working. I'm just, I dunno, ill at ease and I feel like an assmitten for complaining. My head hurts, I want to see urlLink Big Fish , and I'm going to whinge about everything tonight, so I might as well just go to bed. I wish urlLink that boy would call. Somehow the sound of his voice is enough most days. urlLink Amanda 's lay-off turned out to be more crap than we thought. urlLink That boy has been working on a paper all day. urlLink Jen has supa fab hair, but her best friend Jhonny goes to prison in a couple of days - and his dad is dying in Colorado. Oh, and I talked to urlLink Nate tonight about the divorce, and as soon as the lawyer can draw up the paperwork, we'll be done. So maybe there's a reason for my crap mood.

 Every day I live here I love Champaign more. It's true. I was thinking about this the other day, while emailing Kate. We both went back to Rockford for Christmas and both felt strangely out of place - like the place that was home for so long was no longer home. Kate said the feeling continued when she went back to Lufkin - so for a little while she felt truly like an orphan. So, in honor of my new home, the city of my choosing, a mini-series about Champaign. At the request of urlLink Kevin , here's a rundown of my favorite restaurants in the greater C-U area: Best place to go for lunch in Campustown: urlLink Za's , where you must try a pizza with barbeque sauce. Best place to go for lunch with friends or family: urlLink Courier Cafe - actually the first place I went out to eat after I decided to move here. urlLink Sarah and urlLink Hannah took me here after we looked at apartments in September. Best place for sushi: urlLink Miko , though urlLink Shawn says urlLink Kamakura . I really like that you can get sushi, Thai, Korean, and Japanese dishes - their Tom Ka soup is terrific too. :) Favorite place in my neighborhood: urlLink Aroma Cafe . I like urlLink Farren's , but Aroma's the first place I walked to in my neighborhood, so it will always be my heart. The weekend I got the keys to my apartment, urlLink Sarah , urlLink Shawn , and I walked there for lunch - tasty. They have terrific chicken salad, and that gets any restaurant major points in my book. Best non-Western ethnic place (excepting those mentioned above): I've heard good things about ghetto Thai aka urlLink Golden Wok , but I'm going to have to cast my vote in favor of Basmati (on First between University and Springfield). We went there for dinner on Saturday and everything was super tasty. Best Campustown coffee shop: Probably urlLink Moonstruck , though both urlLink Espresso Royale and Green Street get an honorable mention (and a place in my heart) because of their cool-cool managers. Best place to go for brunch: urlLink Le Peep , even though it's allllllways busy. Am I forgetting anything?

 urlLink Shawn is officially my hero. After several hours of mind-numbing work and trying everything we could think of, I gave up on setting up the network. He, however, persevered and somehow managed to convince the three computers (my desktop, my laptop, and his laptop) that not only did a network exist but the internet too! Will wonders never cease?!? I feel bad because I know he had a bunch of work to do last night and my stupid computers monopolized his time. :( Anyway, he's my hero, I have a loverly network, and I "owe him big-time." It's lunchtime now, he's working on the couch, and I want a nap. Instead I will have mac'n'cheese, then head back to work for another couple of hours. I'm working with Lindsay today, which should be interesting - at least a change from my normal boys. Started and finished urlLink Angels in America: Millennium Approaches last night and am now reading urlLink Angels in America: Perestroika . Wow. Really, really good. More on the urlLink book club page when I'm done with both.

 A quote from a letter from Ranier Maria Rilke to Lou Andreas-Salome which took my breath away and which says so much: I want to see the world through you; for then I shall not be seeing the world but only you, you, you! I have never seen you without thinking that I should like to pray to you. I have never heard you without thinking that I should like to believe in you. I have never longed for you without thinking that I should like to suffer for you. I have never desired you without thinking that I should be allowed to kneel before you. And from Vita to Virginia: It is incredible how essential to me you have become. I suppose you are accustomed to people saying these things. Damn you, spoilt creature; I shan't make you love me any the more by giving myself away like this --But oh my dear, I can't be clever and stand-offish with you: I love you too much for that. Too truly. You have no idea how stand-offish I can be with people I don't love. I have brought it to a fine art. But you have broken down my defences. And I don't really resent it.

 It's Sunday but feels like Monday in my quiet little apartment. The cats are asleep in various places, urlLink Shawn left a little bit ago, and I'm still in my bathrobe with no plans to get dressed any time soon. I love weekends like this - lots of lounging around in pajamas or less, watching movies, playing video games (or watching video games, in my case), naps, reading, good food. Mark, urlLink Melissa , urlLink Sarah , and urlLink Shawn came to dinner here Friday night - seems a world away, though only actually a few days. I made urlLink Beer Cheese Soup , urlLink Sarah brought bread, and Mark and urlLink Melissa brought a tasty pie. We played urlLink Lord of the Rings Trivial Pursuit , which was terribly edited but still a lot of fun. The kids left pretty early, and urlLink Shawn and I went back to his place to watch the deplorably reterrible urlLink Six String Samurai , which I bought him for Christmas. Wow. It was quite a film. Yay for the urlLink Red Elvises , the real talent of the film. Saturday brought the aforementioned hanging around - working on the scarf, watching lots of video games, dinner at Basmati (YUM!), then back to my place to watch urlLink Pirates of the Caribbean . Johnny Depp is the hottest pirate ever. That's all I have to say about that. Slept in late today - discovered how ho-ey my cats actually are - urlLink Shawn came to an agreement with Gypsy about her codependency, telling her that I'm not a bad mom and I'm not abandoning her just because I'm taking a shower - and that brings me up to right now, still in my robe, no real plans for the day. I'm thinking a trip to Best Buy later to buy networky things for my new laptop, then maybe dinner and urlLink Law & Order later, depending on the boy's productivity. It's been a nice weekend. A few new resolutions to add to the list: I will drink more. Not in excess, just more socially. I miss drinking with friends. urlLink Shawn and I both made this resolution after our shameful showing of low tolerance on New Year's. I will reread urlLink The Chronicles of Narnia . I will embrace my singleness and stop being so morbidly afraid of being alone. It just seems appropriate. In news related to my 2003 resolutions, I submitted the final part of my grad school application on Friday. Now I just have to sit on my hands and wait for February to roll around.

 I am tired of living alone. New Year's Eve was wonderful - spent it in Carlinville with urlLink Sarah and urlLink Shawn and Matt and Matt's myriad friends. Lots of laughter, lots of drinking, lots of love. I was drunk by 10 and sobering up by midnight. We slept in a little loft, hit our heads a bunch of times, and found love in the space between kisses and tears, movement and silence, definition and freedom. Woke up feeling fragile but loved with arms around me and friends waiting. I love him so much - sometimes it's just hard to wait for the things that cannot be yet. In the meantime I am so thankful for his presence and enduring love in my life. I couldn't ask for more. And then I came home to my empty apartment, and somehow found myself in tears before I hit the door. The novelty of living alone is definitely wearing off. I love my apartment - the space I've made for myself - but I'm thinking that in a few months I'm going to start looking for a roommate and a new place once my lease is up.

 A quiet weekend after so much uproar. Friday night was tender and quiet - lots of tears and holding and just surviving. Saturday was spent with friends - lunch, then working all afternoon, then dinner and movies and sleep. Today I've been firmly planted on the couch all day, reading and catching up on my mail. I wish I had good news to tell instead of bad, but somehow the telling makes it a little better. I have lots of options. Tonight we're going to an Oscar party at Amy & Donovan's - urlLink Kevin of urlLink whygodwhy is supposed to be there, which would be cool. But for right now I'm sitting on my couch with my little girlkat in my lap, drinking a soda and thinking about nothing. This rejection feels almost like the end of a relationship - and I suppose every disappointment is like that in a way. This rejection means reconfiguring my vision of my future self. I had it all worked out in my head, how I was going to be, how my life would be, how things would change. And then things happen and it all changes. The teaching E, the going-to-school E, the talking about classes and students E - she doesn't exist, and if she ever will, it won't be this fall. Maybe an in-the-moment mindset is best because then you can't be disappointed when the things you hope for don't come to fruition. I sound terribly morose, but I'm not. Maybe it's that so much has already changed - this bitter let-down is just another in a series of unpredicted events that has totally shaken up my world or my conception of the world. But I'll change with it, as I have changed so many times before. No summers off - not yet - but I have the chance to change jobs, to find another way to be down here. I suppose the hardest part of it is that I feel even more out of place with my English department friends. It's hard being the only non-department person at dinners - and still harder being the only non-student of the bunch. Now those are exacerbated by the nagging feeling that I'm not good enough for that group because not only am I not a part of that world - I tried to make it and was rejected. No one has ever made me feel that way overtly - it's just a nagging issue of self-confidence, of self-worth. I know I'm intelligent and a good friend and all that - but this has been another blow to my pride, and one I'm going to have to live with every day. But I guess that's life.

 I'm doing OK. Last night was impossibly hard - I got the email from Gail when I ran home to change and grab some movies while urlLink Shawn made dinner. I had to leave the apartment right away or the horrible racking sobs would've rendered me inable to do anything. I looked stricken and awful when I got back to his place - he immediately jumped up off the couch and held me and just let me cry. I don't know what I would've done without him. I called Mom and urlLink Sarah and urlLink Jen and urlLink Amanda , then turned off my phone and wallowed in my misery. Lots of bold statements were made - like "Fuck this academia shit. Now I can get a high-paying job." Whatever. It feels/felt a little bit like my future was breaking up with me. For the last six months I've felt like my life was on track again - I had my own place, I was establishing my own life, I was moving forward, I had a great new boy and hopes for an academic future. Now I don't know what's going to happen. I'm looking at my options - applying to the GSLIS program, maybe taking courses as a non-matriculated student, then reapplying for 2005 - I don't know. I have choices, and options, and this isn't the end of the world. It just feels like it a little. Anyway, we had spaghetti and watched urlLink A Mighty Wind , which was wonderful . This morning we got up and had lunch with urlLink Hannah and CandyPants at urlLink Le Peep , and now are hanging out at urlLink Hannah 's. The kids are working, and I was writing letters. I'm just trying to keep my mind off things, but sometimes I just have to sit down and deal with them. It'll all be OK. It just isn't right now.

 So I didn't get in. Let's leave it at that.

 Today has been terrible. Thus far I have overslept (which happens about every day), lost my keys, forgot that I was supposed to bring snacks to work, remembered while looking for keys but realized would be late, was late for work (no later than usual, but still), and dropped a box of quarters, breaking a huge chunk out of my fingernail and breaking open 11 rolls of quarters, which I then had to count. Oh yeah, and I was all but accused of stealing by a customer. He was short $100 in an odd way, and he's convinced he's not at fault. And the money was in the safe until he brought it over. So whose fault is it? Well, mine, obviously. Listen, I'm ghetto broke, but I would never think of stealing from work, much less do it. He insisted on talking to my supervisor, and she's going to audit me this afternoon. And it's only 12!!!! I have a splitting headache and just want the day to go away. I got ice cream and came home for lunch - the good news being that urlLink Amanda 's Christmas present arrived three months later (I won it on ebay in late November) - the bad news being that the neighbor's puppy had an accident somewhere, and my entire hallway reeks. Thanks, dog. So I'm going to hang here for a few minutes, hope this headache goes away, then head back to work, where I can look forward to counting and auditing and more customers and blah. Oh, you really should read urlLink this about urlLink Philip 's mystery afternoon. It's a great story. On the other hand, you should not bother with urlLink Swimming Pool , unless you enjoy watching movies where you're vaguely unsure if there's a plot. I'm not sure if the movie was clever because it was clever or because reviewers so desperately want it to be. People say it gets better with multiple views, but I just didn't get it, and the lush color and rampant nudity isn't enough to get me to watch it again. [SPOILER] In theory, the story is about a novelist who goes on holiday to get the ol' creative juices flowing, and along the way makes up this fantasy involving the luscious and troubled daughter of her publisher, who along the way fucks a bunch of people, kills a guy with a rock, and then covers it up with the help of the novelist. Unfortunately I just didn't get the "makes up this fantasy" part. Maybe I'm not smart enough for the movie. Or maybe it was just lame. Either way, it was nice to look at, but I'm glad I didn't spend too much on it. Back to work. I'm taking the licorice with me.

 I was not prepared for urlLink The Passion of the Christ . I was raised strictly Christian, with 12 years of parochial school under my belt, as well as myriad years of Sunday school and Bible study and such. No one ever minced words on the brutality of the crucifixion, not once we were old enough to handle such things. But I was not prepared. I was able to hold it in for a while, but when he fell after the beating, when the scourge caught in his flesh and was ripped away - the tears came streaming down my cheeks unabated. Nothing I could do. Nothing I knew could prepare me for that moment. Even the crucifixion itself wasn't as bad. The movie was, well, almost beyond words. Brutal, unrelenting, beautiful, heart-breaking. From the first shadowy moments in the Garden of Gethsemane, Gibson has you by the throat, and doesn't let go until the last shadowy moments in the tomb. He plays you skillfully, patiently, carefully - letting it go almost too far, then pulling back. The story begins in the Garden, and ends with the resurrection - but takes you, through flashback, to the Sermon on the Mount, the Last Supper, and many other pivotal moments in Jesus's life. Gibson's timing is exquisite. Scenes of utter brutality are inter-cut with scenes from childhood, from Jesus's ministry - tender moments with his friends, with his mother. This device also allows Gibson to do some cool things with gestures, with motion - Mary Magdalene on her knees in the dust watching Jesus's torture becomes Mary Magdalene in the dust at Jesus's feet as he saves her from the Pharisees - Pilate washing his hands in a gesture of resignation becomes Jesus washing his disciples' feet in a gesture of humility. Gibson also uses Satan in really interesting ways - I'll have to think on this a bit more. And the Pieta and the moment when Satan's fate is sealed and Judas's torment and how beautiful Monica Bellucci is and and so much more. But yeah, wow. I would say "I'll have to see it again to solidify my opinion", but I don't know if I can. It was - incredible. I'm glad we went.

 urlLink 24 was great, Indian food was great, sitting on the couch with urlLink the boy was great. He was a little busy with laundry and grading and computer games, but some nights will be like that. Came home and beat level 18 on Dr. Mario, then went to bed. Woke to sunlight pouring in my window while I was all warm and snuggly in bed. I'm running late, but I have coffee already made, a hot shower waiting, and scones &/or banana bread for breakfast. Here's hoping for a good day.

 Things I learned from dumb tv last night: From urlLink Dharma & Greg : "You don't sleep in the rain, you make love in the rain." This could prove problematic if you were required to make love whenever it rained, however I think it's probably OK to just do it if you happen to be in a secluded place with your partner when it's raining. From urlLink Will & Grace : You're not supposed to tell someone when you're going to kiss them - you just do it. Perhaps this one has more practical application. Not a bad day after all. I dropped the urlLink scones off at urlLink Shawn 's last night just as he got home late-late. It was nice to get a couple of minutes with him. Work was ehh-ish today, busy, then deadly slow. I figured out the rest of the tax nightmare - we're reapplying the 2003 contribution to 2004. It was either get taxed this year (for the over-contribution) or next year (for the reapplication distribution) - and I'm getting taxed out the arse already. So next year it is. I pick up my return from the CPA tomorrow - and he's charging me half of what I expected to pay. Whew. Some bitchiness in the afternoon, but I'm home now. A bunch of work frustrations, but this isn't the place. Got to talk to urlLink Jen for a while on my lunch break - a nice surprise. She's coming down either the first or second weekend in March - I'm not sure which. It'll be nice to have her around for a day or two.

 Why am I so pathetic? Why am I sitting by my phone waiting for him to call when I have books waiting to be read, movies waiting to be watched, and dishes waiting to be done? Why does it matter if he doesn't call? Why am I so pathetic? Today wasn't that bad, really. My afternoon was hectic, I was off by $60 (which we found later), and I got out of work at straight up 5pm. I went for a long walk - I was going to just go to the video store, but ended up walking until my thighs were frozen, then headed to the store and home. My body was tired but being outside was exhilarating. I took a long bath, then made some urlLink scones . Now I'm just bumming around, talking to people online, listening to the neighbor's puppy bark and trying to decide if I'm tired enough to crash. Last night I laid awake a while, tired and lonely and hot and emotional. I don't want a repeat.

 It's a beautiful night for me to be here With my empty head I should have stayed at home & watch the weather It's a wonderful night buts it's a shame because there is an empty bed I should have stayed at home Till I got better & nothings changing The records scraping round and round The people drive their cars to town I ask the weatherman to sent a cloud my way I ask the weatherman by Monday I ask the weatherman - urlLink Damien 's Juniper Monday 11:40 a busy busy day already. Cherry tomatoes and free coffee for lunch, and I'm killing time. It's cold today, and rainy. I slept in the hot-hot room with the windows open, the cool air on my skin stirring memories of things so distant. Listening to urlLink Damien is probably not the best thing to do when I'm already feeling tired and emotional and ruminative. I don't want to go back to the office, having already been bitched out for something not my fault. We're only to go to the back a couple of times a day, so when I ask if they can get me quarters when they're already going, I get bitched out? Right. I could use some good news today. Oh, urlLink this is wonderful fun. Thanks, Bayeux tapestry. :) Also, urlLink Animals on the Underground . Mind the Gap! Thanks for your words of encouragement, support, and love. It may be narcissistic and pathetic, but it's nice to hear from you guys. I've looked for an outlet for a long time, and I think that blogging is it. Funny how that happens. I was never very good at keeping a journal - I like writing letters but don't like not getting any in return or not having a record of what I've sent - I love reading - I try to write - but for some reason this format really, really works for me. Ehh, back to work...

 It's the end of the weekend, and I'm still feeling blah. Or feeling blah again. Or something. I guess it's the having to go home at the end of the night that gets to me - no matter how wonderful things are, I still have to come back to my apartment alone. I don't particularly want a roommate - I guess I just don't want to come home. We talked about living plans this week - he's really set on living alone, and that's a little hard for me because I would love to live with him. It's strange talking about future living plans now, with six months left on leases, but I guess that's part of living in a college town. I guess I had this fantasy about the way things could be, but then I realize how different my life is now than I pictured it being six months ago - so maybe I'm worrying preemptively again. Definitely worrying preemptively. And at the same time the lack of future plans gets to me sometimes. He's very much an in-the-moment sort, making no future plans, just dealing with things as they come. It's a change in mind-set that has and continues to take some getting used to. Before this I had plans - things I could hope for. Now, I don't know. I don't have any doubts in regards to his feelings for me, or mine for him - but I don't know what to hope for when we don't talk about the future. I don't know what I can ask for when we're still so undefined. I love him. I love him. I don't know what else to say. A nice, quiet weekend. We were supposed to go to Bloomington, we were supposed to go to parties - but we were both exceedingly blah and indecisive, so we stayed in the whole time. Friday night we watched urlLink JFK , which was better than I expected, and more riveting. We played with crossword puzzles, then went to bed earlyish. Woke up Saturday morning to find that my bedroom now resembles a sauna - the heat was set between 55-65, and it had to be at least 20 degrees warmer. Took urlLink Shawn home midafternoon, then went to urlLink Aroma for a while - I had the "sugar daddy latte" with two shots of espresso, caramel, and hazelnut. I wrote a few letters, then decided I was too wired and came home for a while. Went to urlLink Shawn 's later - decided to skip other social occasions and stay in with Chinese food and movies - we watched urlLink This is Spinal Tap and urlLink Dark City . I can't believe it took me this long to get around to urlLink Spinal Tap - it's frankly genius . Brilliant . urlLink Dark City was great - I had forgotten a lot, and was mesmerized all over again. I apparently fell asleep quickly, and kept curling up with things over my head. Awwh. Today was just laid-back hanging out - urlLink Shawn worked on stuff, and I camped out on his couch reading urlLink Publish and Perish , which was fun but too consciously clever at points. We went to urlLink Quiznos for dinner and tried out their "bring in any coupon and get $1 off" deal - it's legit! Thanks, urlLink Papa John's coupons. Watched urlLink Law & Order , then headed home a little bit ago. Nothing really going on this week except work and urlLink The Passion of the Christ on Wednesday - we have reserved tickets at urlLink the Lorraine in Hoopeston, wherever that is. I'm really excited. Oh, and my small brother turns 8 this week. I can't believe it. Happy week, I guess.

 And in the end the things that stand out are not the posts where I apologize, where I talk about the good things from our relationship, where I talk about how happy we once were. The straw that breaks the camel's back, so to speak, is a comment in response to a post in urlLink Joe 's blog from Nate, in which he bitched about blogs ruining his life, and I replied that maybe he should stop reading them. It turned into a conversation between Ron and I, and then Nate decided to post here, accusing me of not communicating and generally having no life. I will concede to the latter point, but on the first he's sorely mistaken. But there's no point in arguing it here - he won't believe me and neither will his friends - all the evidence in the world can't convince any of them that I am not a horrid person - and all comments from my friends will only go to support Ron's claim that "Most of all [bloggers] post hoping that other people will feel pity for them and to confirm that its not their faults that their lives are shitty." I don't want pity. I just want to get on with my life. Responding to anything Nate said was a mistake, because it could only go badly. Civil discourse is not possible when one party does not believe in either civility or discourse. I can't count the number of times he told me flat out that he didn't believe in logic or argumentative strategy - "attack the person, not the problem" was his motto. I guess I couldn't expect anything different. But per his wishes, I will not mention Nate after the divorce is finalized. If I slip up and make reference to the fact that I was once married, that I spent several years of my life with someone, that I regret hurting them, that I wish them well in their life, that I wish things had ended better, that I had hoped we could at some point be friends, that said person still has my bike - any of that - I apologize. It's hard to move on, and it's harder to excise whole years of your life. I'll do my best, per his request. Maybe then he'll stop referring to me as "the bitch." No, I think that's also too much to ask.

 I needed last night. Yesterday was an awful long day at work - awful and long, not "awful long." All I wanted to do at the end of the day was crawl into bed and cry, not have half a dozen people over for dinner. Instead I got some cookies, then came home and cleaned and cooked and entertained. We had shrimp curry, a salad, and birthday cake for Dan's birthday (coming up on Sunday). The crowd was different than usual - just Dan, Oday, urlLink Shawn , and me. It was nice - and what I needed. We talked and ate - Mariko joined us later - and played Trivial Pursuit til late. I fell asleep with the boy next to me. But today - I don't know if it's the weather or something in the water - I don't know. The other tellers are all having relationship problems of one sort or another, and we've averaged one crying person per hour so far today. It's cold, and rainy. urlLink Shawn has been quiet the last couple of days. I'm still dwelling on our living arrangement convo from last night. I have things I'm supposed to do this weekend that I don't want to do. Mainly I want to make a fortress out of pillows and blankets with the boy and hide away from the world for a while.

 As per a comment on urlLink Joe 's blog, blogs have ruined Nate's life. Good to know. He does (or did) have urlLink two urlLink blogs of his own. I've really tried hard not to be bitchy about this whole thing, but sometimes I just shake my head and wonder how we ever ended up together - or how we stayed together for so long. There were a lot of good things in that relationship, but - fuck. Before the wedding I had a conversation with my advisor regarding my imminent marriage, regarding Nate - Mr. Glass asked if I was sure that marrying someone who didn't share my academic and/or intellectual goals was the right thing. I was indignant at the time - I would say "young people always are" as if I'm old and grey - but he was right, oh so right. Thanks, Mr. Glass, for being annoyingly right about everything except technology.

 March 16. I have to wait until March 16. Oh well, I guess that at least give me a little more time to save money for the legal bills. Besides, what's three more weeks in terms of a lifetime? And I guess by that date I should know about school as well. I was led to believe I would hear in February, but apparently the committee is still meeting, and I won't hear until mid-March. I miss having long hair. That hasn't happened yet. I miss it for both sketchy and non-sketchy reasons. Mainly I miss washing it in the morning, then pulling it back in a messy ponytail and leaving it like that. My hair is shaggy right now, and getting to an annoying point. My apartment must have really hard water cos it's been murder on my hair - it's drier and more annoying than ever before. I used to have such pretty soft hair - it's the only thing I can think of to explain the change. I'm starting to think I have sever significancy issues. I worry too much, and I know that. I worry, I guess, because I still don't understand how I could be with (or not-with) someone so extraordinary. Nate used to complain that I would say disparaging things about him in jest when I should be "pimping him out to my friends" (the first part my words, the second his). I don't say these things to build his ego - I say them because I believe them to be true. I think he's absolutely incredible. He takes my breath away multiple times a day, in the slightest and greatest ways. And then I look around at the gorgeous girls on campus, at our friends who are so much smarter and more attractive than me, who have so many interesting things to say, when I can only sit on in silence. I sit there and wonder - why me? How me? With all these wonderful people around, how can I hope to have anything special to offer? And I know he chose (chooses) to be with me (or not-with), but sometimes I still feel - I don't know. I'm listening to urlLink Damien and thinking about the first time I heard the CD. I ordered two copies from urlLink Amazon , one for me and one for urlLink the boy who was then so far from mine but indelibly written on my skin, in my heart. I popped the CD into my computer while I was assembling my new bookcases in my office in the house - and then could hardly breathe for the sobs. I called him, crying, sobbing, barely coherent, trying to read the lyrics but failing miserably. I don't know if he understood anything I said. urlLink Damien will always be tied to this summer, to him, to this love that was such a surprise, yet came to be greater than anything.

 and then there are some nights when i come home and just feel hollow. and sometimes when i feel like saying "i love you" louder will make everything ok, even (or especially) not feeling good, too much to do, tired, bleckish, blah. and some nights when i just want to wrap my arms around him and tell him to come to bed.

 i don't know how to say this except that i used to feel taken for granted all the time in my relationship. i used to feel like i had limited value. i don't feel like that any more. there are days that are hard - days when i cry and question - and yes, sometimes those tears and questions are a result of my relationship. but i don't feel taken for granted, and i feel like i have worth. i feel intelligent and beautiful and wanted and loved. some days are easier than others, but that's life. mainly i'm just very grateful, and very much in love.

 i'm sorry for all the updates today. a few brief things, then i'll go. 1. i need to stop buying things that won't fit in my car. 2. that said, a tv that costs $129.99 should fit in my car. said tv fit, but not in the box, so my trunk now contains a massacred box. 3. i have a tv. yay! 4. when you go through the drive through lane at a fast food restaurant, is it normal to be asked "is this for here or to go?". urlLink shawn suggested that maybe i would be given my meal on a tray, which i would then have to go back through the lane to return when i was done eating. 5. i need to vacuum but refuse to do so at this hour. maybe tomorrow.

 I would like to kick this day in the teeth. I'm really fucking beat, and about to embark on yet another trip to Best Buy, this time to scout out a TV. Thanks for the birthday money, Gram! I know I should save it for other things, but I earmarked this long-awaited check for this purpose, so there. Oh, and you're fucking high if you think I'm cooking tonight. I'm going to take a shower (to tame my infernally big hair), then see about some dinner before urlLink 24 .

 The archives are coming back online, slowly but surely. I'm at Za's eating lunch - fettucine with mushrooms, black olives, and grilled chicken in a cream wine sauce. There's a group of girls sitting half a room away talking all pretentious-like, and it makes me laugh. They can't be more than 15 - they're talking about "fourth period" - and I wonder if I was that pretentious when I was that age. I've always been a stuck up sort of bitch - I'm friends with everyone but still look down my nose at people on occasion - but I don't remember trying that hard when I was younger. Maybe I did. *shrugs* Work is hella busy. Hella busy. Normally I have about 20 things to run in the morning - this morning we had almost 60. Thank god Ron is in today. But back to the archives - reading all these entries, changing them for the page, updating links - it's both good and difficult. There are things I've forgotten that I'm now reliving - and things I wish I could forget, but there they are, on the screen in front of me. It's hard to encounter the person I once was - in many ways she is so different from the person I am now. Part of me wants to excise all proof that she existed, but the rest of me knows that I can't, and that I would regret getting rid of that part of my past.

