 Read urlLink this . Jonah Goldberg is always a pleasure to read, but his dissection of that insane urlLink Berkley study is a surefire classic.

 First off, if you're reading this at work , you might not want to check out this urlLink link , but this girl is ABsolutely amazing. And yes, I'm a dork and I'm ordering the print. lol

 The Pentagon urlLink aborts the idea of a "terror betting market". So much for using all the weapons at our disposal to combat terrorists. As I mentioned before, this could do no worse than the Homeland Security department - there was absolutely NO reason to squash this what so ever. Shame on the Democrats who raised a fuss over this - and shame on you who won't support it.

 Great comments on that study done by urlLink UC Berkley on "what makes a conservative". I like this guy.

 Ok, urlLink this is weird. Aren't we still investigating "insider trades" of airlines et al that took place right before 9/11? As much as the Gov't says they won't use the information, 1) it's being put together by THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE and 2) what if it COULD be useful in preventing attacks? This doesn't invade anyones privacy, so what if it's tasteless IMNSHO. Ef the pundits - I'm gonna sign up.

 We have now returned to the days of subsidized sodas. Yes folks, you heard me clearly. I just got an email from the President (apparently he has nothing better to do *eek*) of my company. He wanted to "address the concerns" of a "number of us" - and that we will be returning to the days of subsidized cola. Sodas are once again $.25, when they used to be $.50. Remind me again, who's paying for this? What I'd like to see is everyone who bitched about $.50 sodas get their "subjective" bonus reduced to $0. (See article on Vieques below) Then again, I'm not running the shop. At the suggestion of my good friend Patrick, we came to the conclusion that every time I order a soda from the vending machine, I will deposit the other quarter on my Presidents desk (who is, per chance a staunch objectivist). I think he'll approve. :) Oh yes, and here is Rob's response: The President of your company took time out of his day to make this? Umm, maybe it's me, but wouldn't that time have been better spent generating revenue, doing deals, getting things done!!!...in order to continue this subsidized soda pool. Oh and as for the people complaining - why do I have a feeling that these are the folks that shouldn't really be drinking suger loaded carbonated drinks to begin with. Do they also complain that the soda machine is too far away, and that the candy machine doesn't have enough selection. ^ Give that man a urlLink cookie ! Rob nailed it on the head.

 urlLink Vieques revisited. Note to Puerto Rico: No, you may not have your cake and eat it too. Thanks P for the link!

 IMNSHO urlLink Michael Phelps should win whoever awards this - hands down. As much as I respect and am awed by Lance and Tylers cycling accomplishments, what this kid has done since the age of 15 is urlLink astounding .

 Alright, if anyone can help me with the formatting of this thing (My programming IQ is that of a mongoloid troglodyte) - I'm uber-unhappy with how this looks, and the 5 blogger skins I have to choose from are a further affront to my senses. I want frames - I want stuff on the side - I wanna throw up perma-links to people - c'mon folks help a newb-blogger out. =) hit me up at mmurphy_00 -@- yahoo if you can help

 This guy is from my home town, 2nd day of the tour he falls and breaks his collar bone - not expecting to compete in the next days race, he ends up continuing on and winning stage 16 only to be ridiculed by this urlLink fool .

 Dems have no urlLink agenda .

 Communism at the urlLink UC schools .

 urlLink These guys over at SA are some funny dudes. You might not find all of these funny, but I'd say a good 95% of them had me falling out of my seat. Gotta love the p-shop goons. =)

 urlLink Nanotechnology applied to military vehicles is going to prove to be pretty damn cool. Another "un-fair" advantage the US is using in our Imperialistic pursuits - hah. Silly hippies.

 urlLink Read it here . Worth checking out - it appears not every single Iraqi hates Americans. Who'dathunkit. I agree with urlLink Andrew Sullivan , we need to read more stuff like this in our domestic news.

 urlLink Uday and Qusay are dead Oh yeah, here's the official urlLink CentCom release. heh. Thanks to urlLink Matt D . F*ck 'em.

 urlLink For those of you who DIDN'T already know this... Worth reading (re: the article) urlLink Hatreds Kingdom - by Dore Gold "In recent decades, Wahhabi clerics have preached two forms of jihad against the West: terrorism, and financial jihad, whereby wealthy Saudi philanthropists subsidise terrorist groups under the guise of promoting Islamic causes." "The decision to withdraw American ground troops from the kingdom suggests that Saudi Arabia's strategic importance is now outweighed by the vulnerability of forces stationed there to terrorist attack. Post-Ba'athist Iraq offers similar geopolitical advantages and oil reserves, without the drawback of tying Washington's hands." The continued leaks of information like this lead me to believe the current administration is setting themselves up for an "excuse" ceremony - as in "It's out of my hands, YOU (the House of Saud) now have to deal with the anger of America". You made your bed, YOU sleep in it a$$holes.

 urlLink Shootin fish in a barrel much?

 CA Dems urlLink strategizing , supposedly behind closed doors. "Some of us are thinking that maybe people should see the pain up close and personal, right now," said Goldberg (D - Los Angeles), who could not be reached for comment Monday night. This same b*tch was the one talking about eliminating Prop 13. Read up on your history folks... funny thing a liberal would recommend that...

 urlLink King among Men . The only thing that hurts me, is that only .000001% (maybe) of the population has ANY semblance of an idea how much of an animal this man is - he truly is King of the sport. I get chills and my eyes well up reading these exact stories. Some more urlLink here And more specifically, "What matters most for me now is that I will be able to look at my team mates in the eyes tonight in the hotel," he added. *nods head* Yup - that's the reason we watch the Tour, and you, Lance - keep blowing away expectations! UpUpUpUp!

 2nd day blogging, and here I am neglecting my new born baby *eek* Anyways, I'm unexpectedly and unpleasantly slammed at my "real" job, so all I've got to say is get better urlLink Geoff . Yes, he's the one who got hit by the car, and yes, he did actually land on the urlLink roof of the car. Broken collar bone in 3 places and a whole slew of other "stuff". *Oweeeeee* Read all about it at www.crashclub.net - post titled "Weekend Accident Report, CBR 600 vs. SUV".

 urlLink North Korea - Thanks to the IAE, we can shed a little light onto this whole North Korean 'thing'. /Sarcasm Another case of "stating the obvious". It'll be interesting to see how/if North Korea comes in line given whats going on in the middle east (Saudi's beginning to crack down on Wahabbism) - heh.

 Yikes - urlLink a little sus . Sounds like Blair might be having some domestic troubles in the future. Thanks P for the link! Too bad this is going to overshadow his urlLink nice speech in front of our Congress...see the video urlLink here (most viewed vids section). A lot more of this on urlLink Andrew Sullivan . He and I have very similar points of view W/R/T Blair.

 Props out to the urlLink R6MessageNet .

 So, yeah, first post - gimme a while to get stuff up and running and to get a feel for this... For now, I'll throw props out to urlLink frank - hey dood!

 My only response to this whole N. Korean urlLink situation is: NUKE!THEM!FIRST!

 Though, it really would be urlLink funny .

 urlLink N. Korea to Declare It Has Nuclear Arms (washingtonpost.com) A couple things: 1) I hope they don't "test" it over CA. 2) If they do, I hope they give card carrying libertarians and republicans about a weeks notice. North Korea is quite possibly the biggest bunch of m*therf*ckers on the face of this planet. Talk about completely out of control... Tim R. said it best, "this qualifies as good for no-one!"

 I like reading stories like urlLink this about Iraqis. Just goes to show some people do appreciate America.

 Looks like this urlLink Segway made it up the Mt. Washington Auto Road in 2.5 hours - comparatively runners and cyclists can do it in an hour. Heh.

 Bustamante a urlLink racist ? Thanks P!

 France appears to be talking about urlLink scrapping Christmas ! Holy cow. I'd propose making everyone work a little more than "bankers hours" - lol. The one good thing about this is I guess the muslims won't get pissed off - this may even be a politial move to assuage them.

 urlLink Deadly stampede at Hindu festival

 Hope urlLink this guy wasn't Union.

 If urlLink this happens, the US is in for some long run trouble. Last thing we need is a bunch of angry muslims running Europe, as well as the middle east. Demographics my friend. Look for the trends - birthrates are as good an indicator as any.

 Shit, I'd hope so. Anyone wanna do the math, what is today's spending in 1988 dollars? In any case, I don't care enough - I simply think urlLink this , as a concept, is a good thing. If we could only reduce the size of the Homeland Security Dept, and get this deficit down a little bit, I'd be a happier camper.

 Franks urlLink epic adventures are a sure-fire hit - be sure to check him out as he updates daily with new Q&A sessions and all sorts of insight @ urlLink IMAO.us

 Um, errrr, or urlLink not ?? Aries is the Greek God associated with Mars, and he was the God of War, so, uh, yeah, I guess that makes sense. *scratches head* So much for our monotheistic society - THE GODS ARE MALEVOLENT! Long live Hillary, the God of Nationalized Healthcare!

 Where have the urlLink war protestors gone?

 urlLink Israel has said every Hamas militant is a potential target for liquidation

 Another urlLink conspiracy theory is about to be unleashed tomorrow. I can hear the liberal sarcastic response - never mind that it would make sense, or that Saddam has a history of doing things like this. Wait and see.

 It's sad, really, to see this happening anywhere, but why am I not surprised it's actually taking place in urlLink France ?

 Well urlLink this is news to me, and scary news at that. Looks like its gonna hit in 15 minutes. So, I'll be logging off and going to lunch... lol See you on the flip side...maybe ;)

 Wonder what kind of scientific implications these little urlLink ocean sponges will have on our telecom tech, or even how practical this research is (is it actually possible?). Sounds pretty cool though.

 This, my friends, is an urlLink ass-rooster . "'A lot of peaceful people were in that building,' said Mohamed Mustafa, 28, who sat with friends Wednesday at a coffee shop in Baghdad. 'Why did they do this? Everybody knows the difference between the U.N. and the U.S. The U.N. is here to help us; the U.S. is here to occupy.' " What this dipshit doesn't realize is saying things like that about "occupying powers" as little as 1 year ago, got you thrown in the Gulag. What a dumb mother fucker. *shakes head*

 Off Drudge: Looks like this urlLink 7 year old got shot in the head with a stray bullet. As much as it sucks, what was a 7-year old doing out on a porch at midnight? I think my bedtime was 0700 at that age...

 urlLink Here . I'm a fan of Buffets investing acumen, but reversing Prop 13 would be a catastrophe. Funny thing is, and I've mentioned this before, Democrats were the initial purveyors of this tax system we've got - now who's trying to kill it b/c they f*cked up every other policy. Comedy when you think about it I guess.

 On first reading this urlLink headline I figured it must have been a typo, b/c you know, it's a total quagmire over there in Iraq, and of course, everyone hates us, and everyone now loved Saddam (oh wait, I've been watchin too much TV again). But, to me, this is some really uplifting news - honestly - and you know what these guys even call themselves, "Patriotic Union of Kurdistan" - good stuff.

 Looks like our buddy, urlLink Charles Taylor the recently ousted Liberian dictator, attended the rival to my alma mater. Seems their ethics classes were lacking...

 This urlLink poor guy got murdered by the "Christine" of elevators. First I've ever heard of anything like this happening, outside of the movies of course.

 Well, we're all aware that America is footing the bill for the entirety of the Iraqi intervention. We've requested assistance from the international community to help alleviate the cost, to a luke warm (if not cold) reception. urlLink This article seems to indicate France has some interest in helping re-build Iraq. There's a whole bunch I could write about this, and might, later - but what I wanted this to be about was, wouldn't it be better for France, in the long run, to make us go it alone? I mean, they didn't support this thing in the first place, by them helping us now, isn't it sort of positive feedback (along the lines of, "Well, we don't approve, but here's the cookie anyways, now run along and go invade some other country"). At least, that's how I see it. By providing assistance in the form of funds and manpower, they have freed up OUR troops to go off and do OUR Presidents bidding. I don't intend to make a point of this, I just find it interesting.

 For giving me a kick in the nuts to get back at this thing. I've been lazy, and haven't gotten too much feedback from this blog, but it's nice to know some people actually read this thing. So, yes, I'm back, and look for more commentary in the near future. :)

 France appears to be having some problems with its urlLink nuclear capacity . I'd like to think this was Karma, but in reality, it's probably only the beginning. It's a good thing they've been appeasing radical regimes for years - what a great opportunity to throw that country into chaos.

 urlLink USS Clueless - Decompressing Iraq : "And that means we're beginning to win the war. This was the real reason for conquering Iraq. This is our best strategic weapon against the extremists who attacked us. Their power is in their ideas, their beliefs, and basic to them is a dedication to uniformity and central control, of submission of the masses to the will of the few. We counter that with our idea about individual liberty, and our idea is better. I believe that it's better ethically and esthetically. Societies based on our idea are more productive in nearly every way. And our idea is more competitive memetically. Our idea is more seductive, more attractive. Against it they have little defense." That is just one excerpt of a well written, most excellent piece by Mr. den Beste. Kudos and I'd hope my 2 regular readers would take a peek at the entire article. ;)

 urlLink This guy has a pretty damn funny urlLink fight story .

 A baby seal walks into a club. *snicker*

 urlLink These are the archives of the Bratpage, the world's leading place to rant about other people's children . First line of the page - 'nuff said.

 For those of you who ride motorcycles, here are urlLink Phuzzy's Guides to various tricks. Hilarity ensues...

 Heh - haven't talked to you in a bit, but we gotta catch up sometime! Hope you're havin a good day!

 To the "Whim-of-the-moment Club" or something - just something that would fit their 'ideology' more appropriately.

 urlLink Kyoto - and why Russia might 'pull out'. I didn't realize there was an $80 billion potential market for the Russians if the US had agreed to the terms of the 1997 Kyoto Agreement. Basically, that means that without the US, Russia loses $80 Bn over the next couple years - monies that would have come from US companies buying "surplus environmental credits" from Russian companies. Where's their incentive now, now that the $80 Bn handout is gone? Interesting, very interesting.

 "Bah-lete" this mother fucker! lol ;)

 Ever wonder why it is that, urlLink "most media are owned by Republican conservatives," ? Could it be that WE are the people making media (and all other) companies tick? File this under: Reporters are stupid.

 I wonder if Dubya's urlLink Segway had low batteries too? lol

 urlLink Rich Lowry from NRO on "What Democrats Believe" LMAO - literally.

 We're talking about urlLink fucking CHILD MOLESTERS people. W.T.F! They should ALL be thrown in the general prison population and be forced to wear shirts saying "I SODOMIZED A 14 YEAR OLD". And who IS this asshole reporter who writes: "An ugly truth in prison is that child molesters are often the targets of such attacks." Uh, NO, that's the GOOD thing about prison. More pedophiles should hear about how they'll get killed when they get into prison, maybe they'll think twice about it.

 Glenn Reynolds brought up an interesting topic - how is it it can take the House and the Senate YEARS to pass "important" bills, when an overwhelmingly urlLink popular bill takes only 24 hours to get through the system?

 From urlLink Forbes , an op-ed predicting the EU is heading down the tubes. I think some major societal changes across the pond would be a good thing - though I do think it would foster even MORE anti-Americanism, as their ego tells them their "better quality of life" is what makes them superior to us. When that comes crashing down, I can see some angry political types coming into power. *shrugs* Maybe I'm just a pessimist.

 Looks like the haughty french are the urlLink last major bastion of resistance to the US strategy for Iraq. Funny, this guy ran his election campaign solely on fighting US pressure to topple Saddam. Wonder how this will go down with his constituency.

 urlLink Opec "pre-emptively" cuts production . Heh. Shoulda seen this coming MILES away.

 urlLink Heh .

 Thats right folks, one meeting and one hour left before I'm done for the weekend. Leaving for Vegas about 30 minutes after I get out of here. Sooooooooo excited, never been to Vegas before, and the more I hear about it, the more excited I get. Probably why I'm not doing a damn lick of work - I can't WAIT to LEAVE! Heheh. Big props out to P and Lori (the roommates) for arranging this thing! Check out urlLink P's blog . Have a great weekend everyone!

 I interpret urlLink this article as indicative of a greater societal trend - heading towards a "big brother" style of Gov't. If you look at the psychology of markets, as well as individuals, the trend we've seen as of late with markets wildly gyrating at the smallest sneeze from Greenspan, is rather disturbing. I mean, if these people don't have their own ideas of where markets are headed, the people we pay MILLIONS for their opinions, how good can that be? This is one of the reasons I didn't get into investment management right out of college - something I'd primped myself for for a long time. It really is a load of hogwash. If you have a math degree, and can model, you're the same off as the next guy (once you get to a certain point). Investors have been relying less and less on MARKET and COMPANY fundamentals, and more on playing the guessing game of "whats the Fed gonna do", "where's the next big hit gonna be". Folks, they are guessing games. It all comes back to todays society, the "gimme gimme's" and "I want it now!now!NOW!". Everyone wants to get rich quick, take a ride down easy street. The stock market, and increasingly other financial "vehicles" are seen ever more as the means to the end. This ideology was what led to the boom of the late 90's, and I'm concerned that the bubble hasn't really popped. If that's the case, we should REALLY be concerned, as whats held up the economy over the last year (refinancing equity out of homes) - is eroding, and the erosion will continue and accelerate as rates increase. So, maybe the Fed IS onto something. But the flip side to that is, you can't manipulate a market forever, again, as we saw in the late 90's :|

 Stuff like urlLink this makes me want to fly into fits of rage. I'm still shocked.

 I believe I found urlLink this guy off urlLink Instapundit , but I can't be sure. In any case, he's got to be the funniest blogger (IMO) on the net, well, at least rivaling urlLink Frank . This guy has a very satirical piece, written from the perspective of Allah. Guaranteed hit with stuff like: "The bottom line is this: We are building strength. We are building confidence. We are not building buildings, or roads, or businesses, or any shit like that, but how can we concentrate on basic national infrastructure and rudimentary economic development when Palestine yadda yadda yadda? Just know, kufr, that it is only a matter of time until we conquer the mighty Zionist bus, and it is then that we shall turn our attention to the imperialist American bicycle. Do not forget to wear your helmet!"

 urlLink Army to evolve

 urlLink Sleep patterns revealing personality traits? Well, yeah, I figured we all knew that. I swear, what would we do without "experts" and "studies".

 Looks like some urlLink Communists and Anarchists teamed up to play a soccer match. Guess where it took place? You shouldn't need more than one guess... but read the article to find out. Heh.

 Pulled urlLink this off Slashdot - I never knew much about this porsche, but if a 15 year old porsche can beat up on a late 90's McLaren F1, you know they were on to something. Wow.

 urlLink This simply gives me a bad feeling. If I were to ever be tried for something, god forbid, I'd shit kittens if the judge tried to cite some French case in his summary. The US Law should not be conditioned upon foreign cases. "Bork said until the Senate is more densely populated with Republicans able to appoint judges who favor strict interpretations of the law and the Constitution, the trend toward global judicial activism will continue on its current trajectory." Go figure the left is pushing it.

 And I urlLink bash the guy. How typical of me. As much as I despise myself for 1) doing it and 2) giving that jamook traffic, it's a watershed moment for me, so I'm recording it. Oh, and here's another comment eminating from that same post: "If that poor man had to face up to the choice of burning or jumping I think the least we could do is have the courage not to turn away when we see the image. I won't turn away and deny what happened on that day." Exactly.

 urlLink Nice to read this.

 urlLink Never .

 urlLink Marjorie Cohn ! is! an! idiot! The true ideology behind the ICC is to castrate the US on behalf of the UN. In effect, what the ICC would allow would be any pissant country who has beef with the US, to sue our President and Commanding Generals in an international court, where the US is bound to be unpopular. What Ms. Cohn neglects to mention is that Billy Bob Clinton was the President who expressed interest in this originally, but even he felt the US should have some exemptions as we are the de facto world policeman. Kind of like, when a cop has to go 100 mph to catch you speeding on the highway, he doesn't get a speeding ticket type shit. Its people like this woman, who REALLY piss me off. She can't even see the implications of what she's writing about - all she cares about is humbling the US at any cost. She rails against the US pulling military support for countries who support this - I'd say, "Why SHOULDN'T we you bitch?". Most of these countries provide us absolutely nothing, if they try to fuck us with the ICC decision, yeah, we should pull our military support for them. What Marjorie wants is a world where the US protects everyone elses interests but our own - what a fuck wit.

 After refusing to reform to a more pro-market economy - Argentina has followed up on their default a couple years ago ($90 Bn to private investors) with a default on a much smaller urlLink IMF loan . How many times is this going to happen before people realize socialism doesn't work?

 In an urlLink anti-Saudi marketing campaign, akin to the french-bashing we saw months ago? Who's to say, but I think its about time.

 urlLink CNN.com - Report says schools are unfair to America - Sep. 9, 2003

 urlLink Rumsfeld: Criticism of Bush Strengthens U.S. Foes .

 The UN has a urlLink dismal history of offering "assistance" to US troops. Excerpts below: "It was the United Nations that was kicked around by insurgents in Somalia a decade ago, with a U.N. combat force pinned down at the Mogadishu airport until American Marines arrived. And it was a U.N. peacekeeping force in Bosnia that in 1995 was overrun by rampaging Serb troops who took some peacekeepers hostage, then stormed down the road into Srebrenica — which was under official U.N. protection — and massacred some 8,000 Muslims." " The Europeans, arriving for duty in 130-degree heat, “have no ice chests, water coolers, maps, vehicles, tables, chairs, cots, etc. We gave them everything we could to include two Humvees,” the American officer wrote in a private communication to his family." ^ Smart

 urlLink Fire in Vegas.

 urlLink This strikes me as something that should be on the front page of news websites

 Read the whole urlLink article . But, what really interests me, is where are all those billions currently going? ;)

 Thanks to Drudge for pointing urlLink this out. Remind me to go buy a CD of hers @ lunch today.

 urlLink Sounds like we either found what we're gonna, or this troop shortage is a LOT bigger problem than even the CBO is letting on. Could be good or bad - I'll hold out on judgement to see how this distills, though this comment from Rummy (from the article) lifts my spirits a little, seeing as how we're going to have the lions share of responsibilities regardless: "To the extent countries step up with troops and support and money, they have a seat at the table," Mr. Rumsfeld said. "They have the opportunity to work with us and the Iraqis."

 This is one of my riding buddies out here in SoCal. Hehe, the OC Register called him a " urlLink Hacker cracker ". LMAO.

 Girls urlLink pummel man who exposed himself. Heh.

 Cel, this one's for you. *Ahem* urlLink Heh . Idiot. And yes, this was an "inside" post. Unless you spend as much time as I do on the R6messagenet, you shouldn't have any idea to whom I refer. Let it suffice to know 1) this kid lives in CO (do I need to say any more?) and 2) he's a bitter, dis-enfranchised, recently laid off, lefty who had a "fuck work" sticker on his computer screen. LOL. Am I the only one finding it funny he bitches about the economy, and that he no longer has a job? Or, how about that it's all Dubya's fault that he got fired? Yeah, comedy goldmine that kid is. Again, heh.

 Looks like the urlLink comments section of this guys post has degenerated to uselessness. All eminating from taking a post from IMAO waaaaaaaaay out of context and bitching about it. You'll see some people try to convince him Franks site is completely satirical (which it is) but he's just too angry to believe it, and good luck convincing a "lefty" (with a certifiable grudge none the less) to listen to *facts* from anyone right of Howard Dean. lol Rant on brotha!

 Looks like the ICRC is urlLink reducing its staff (of a laughable 30), and the French group (lol) Medicins Sans Frontiers is COMPLETELY pulling out of Iraq. One wonders what gives radical islamists a glimmer of hope. Stupid.

 Looks like this is his fourth trip to the urlLink most socialist of states . Heh, go figure.

 urlLink Funny , following comments by urlLink Treasury Secretary Snow .

 Yeah, doesn't take a genius to see urlLink this political free fall coming a mile away. In fact, the day Germany came out giving some level of support for the US action in Iraq, I believe I blogged that this was going to be his downfall. Voters will not stand for such a large flip flop. Expect to see a large scale PR effort on his behalf as to why his sudden 180 was necessary.

 This is my most recent away message at work. Imagine that feeling, for the last 3 months, now you know why I want to quit. Not that I mind working late. But, shit like, when someone promises they'll look at something for you by 9:00 AM (b/c it HAS to go out that day), and you HOUND them ALL DAY, and then, at 4:30 they decide they're gonna look at it, and THEN they decide to be the most an*l of f*cks one has ever worked with (nothing was *wrong* mind you, this guy just had something to prove), and then, when they give you the 30 page document back at 5:30 (with literally one hundred bullshit "corrections") can't understand why it can't be translated to 150 OTHER pages (5 other similar, but different, documents - not a simple copy/paste job), printed on bond paper, get signed and be out by 6:00 PM. Fuckin douche bag.

 More sickening urlLink media bias can be found here. Want to know what I'm talking about? Do your homework. The current environmental policy calls for, if any retrofits are to be made, an ENTIRE overhaul of every system at a plant - making it fiscally impossible to do, so nobody does it. Any small retrofit would trigger the rest of a plan needing an overhaul. Ok, that was the old system. The NEW/proposed law would allow plant operators to retrofit anything they wanted, one thing at a time. Thus, eliminating the cost burden, and making it MUCH more likely that they'll do ANYTHING. In my world, this equates to the "old" system of rent control in santa monica. Under the old system, rent increases for new and existing tenants were limited to some inflationary factor. This led to people living on the beach and paying $400/month - where as landlords expenses were exceeding that inflationary factor, thereby eating into the spare cash flow the property generated. Thus DIS-incentivizing landlords from investing any capital items (carpets, paint, renovations) into the property: 1) b/c someone will always rent it and 2) they can't support it financially. Why spend $$ on carpets, if SOMEONE will live there, and you can't recoup the cost anyway. Long story longer, the State amended that law, and said, on turnover (when a new tenant moves in) you can charge whatever is considered "market" at that time. So, we were seeing rents jump from $400 on that waterfront property, to (after redecoration) $2,000+. Shit, some 3 bed/3 bath units in Samo go for $13,000+! Under the new legislation of course. To dismiss the gentrification issue, as long as tenants don't move out, their rents don't change. So, voila, diversity. SSDD for this power issue. By making financially irresponsible policy (environmental act imposed under Clinton) one is able to assuage the masses. While the law looks great on paper, never is it enacted in the "real world" b/c it kills shareholder value in one fell swoop. By allowing utility providers this NEW option, it allows them to remain profitable, and keep their constituency happy by letting them invest in their PP&E. The Green party is a bunch of friggin idiots.

 Playing into my previous post. However, take a peek at the last sentence in urlLink this article . What a f*ckin idiot.

 I think I'm beggining to see a trend where terrorists are using increasingly urlLink stupid soft targets for their suicide attempts. I mean, if you want to piss off ALL moderate muslims, just attack a hospital. Since this is going to prove detrimental to their "cause", it will be OK to assume that the omnipotent, omniscient, omnipresent urlLink JOOs are to blame. And if you were curious, I'm in the camp of "moderate muslims have to get fed up with the extremists in order for anything we do to succeed", so blowing up hospitals should hopefully serve as a catalyst to the moderates.

 How liberating is it to walk around the office and rip SBDs?

 The more I read about urlLink Rumsfeld , the more I like him. I mean, this guy has brass balls, and when congressmen complain about "who does he think he is, he doesn't know more than us" - all I can think about is the weasels in atlas shrugged, who squirm and moan and cry the same shit. Additionally, the more Congress bitches about his high-handedness and condescending tone towards them, the greater my feeling that he's doing the "right" thing - whatever that is.

 urlLink Mississippi declared a "Quagmire" . Group demands US pull out immediately. Thanks to the urlLink puppy-blender for the link.

 Heh. Gotta love urlLink Frank , in a fraternal way, of course.

 urlLink New Rumsfeld Memo . My thoughts exactly.

 urlLink New York Post Online Edition . I'll comment on this later.

 urlLink This article negates the one nice thing I said about Clinton. Apparently he's now claiming that he gave Dubya a "heads-up" that Al-Quaeda was the "biggest threat" facing America, but Dubya didn't listen. There is only one word that comes to mind when I think of this 'man' - and that is "cunt". Clinton is a cunt. p.s. Look at Gray Davis in the background in that pic too - hilarity. Thanks P for the link.

 Yes, urlLink this would rank high on the "suck-age" scale. Of course China is the main threat - just funny it's coming in the form of economic pressure (look at our trade gaps, and there's talk of them denominating international trades in terms of the euro, which would SEVERELY hurt the strength of the dollar. Put it this way, what if all of a sudden you had this commodity that only you made, then, over night, 1/2 your demand just went *poof*. International companies/countries DEMAND US$ to conduct business - it's stable, it's not going to devalue overnight (like in 1998 with the Russian debt crisis). Blah. In addition to the economic pressures, we're also seeing Generals (so consider the source) in the last couple years, publicly state China as the next foreign aggressor, and that they are worried about the future implications of all this shit. In conclusion, the one thing I have to give Clinton credit for was helping China into the WTO - that is the one way we can subtlely coerce them towards capitalism, and AWAY from M.A.D. (mutually assured destruction).

 ...for those of us in the know. Oh look, more urlLink news that the economy has already picked up steam, and businesses are finally responding. As long as the Fed doesn't get over zealous, I'd say we're gonna be OK.

 Just found out my team at work is getting re-organized, b/c my boss decided to head back to NYC. I just got stuck with two bum analysts as support, and a rookie team leader. :/ This officially SUCKS . Oh yeah, and the originator I'm going to be working with, is a total POS and only brings in fruit-cake creampuff deals - so there goes the professional development aspect of it. I'm bitter.

 Caught a link to urlLink this blogger off IMAO, and holy shit, he deserves a post and a bloglink. This guy had the balls to shoot two intruders who later admitted their intentions to kill him and his family. Because they're black. I've heard crazy ass stories about Detroit (outside of eminem of course) and it really does sound like a pretty fucked up place. In any case, S-Train, props to you for 1) owning a gun and 2) using it responsibly. You were most certainly graced when the accomplice turned himself in - best of luck in court.

 Uh, who says the economy is urlLink tanking ? Financial services firms are typically bell weathers, as when/if money is being invested, it goes through them. OTOH, the same hold true for a down turn, as these guys make margins on ACTIVITY (any kind of movement).

 Being from Boston myself, there is NO EFFING WAY I'm passing this urlLink gem up. Even if it is from Allah, peace be upon him, himself. lol - I'm crying.

 Gotta love the urlLink Aussies Esp this quote: "ALEXANDER DOWNER, FOREIGN MINISTER: It is with great delight that the Australian Government has learnt that al-Ghozi has now been, um, has now been, um ... well, he's actually been shot." And this one: "GREG JENNETT: The timing couldn't be better for the Philippines Government ... a public victory over terrorists just six days before George W Bush makes a flying visit to Manila."

 urlLink FOR SALE Asking $800 - which is a TOTAL FRIGGIN STEAL, but it's only b/c I REALLY REALLY REALLY want to buy that MTB below. All in all, there is (easily) over 2K invested in my current bike. '00 TCR1 kept in great condition - mech owned. Lots of extras, brand new drive train (chain, cassette, cranks), Ultegra 18 spoke race wheels (deep dish), carbon crank, profile aero bars, D/A seat post, selle san marco concour seat, deda stem/bars, speedplay pedals. Spare set of ultegra/mavic training wheels included. Or catch my urlLink Craigs List posting

 Mmmmmmmm urlLink red .

 Someone found my site through this urlLink Google search . "i am a kid how can i loses my fat" Misspelling and everything. Hah.

 urlLink 0100010001101111011100100110101101111000

 About sitting next to the copier/scanner/faxer/printer/collater/uber coffee machine is, every once in a while, getting to see the expression on peoples faces when they try to use it. The only thing is I can't share the joy - people seem to get angry every time I try and get a picture of their frustration. Hmph.

 An open invitation to any, past, present, or future girlfriends :D Read urlLink this , often. And specifically (re: good side effects of (oral) sex): "Better teeth: Seminal plasma contains zinc, calcium and other minerals shown to retard tooth decay. Since this is a family Web site, we will omit discussion of the mineral delivery system. Suffice it to say that it could be a far richer, more complex and more satisfying experience than squeezing a tube of Crest--even Tartar Control Crest. Researchers have noted, parenthetically, that sexual etiquette usually demands the brushing of one's teeth before and/or after intimacy, which, by itself, would help promote better oral hygiene. " -or- But is there such a thing as too much sex? The answer, in purely physiological terms, is this: If you're female, probably not. -and- American psychologist Gordon Gallup reported that sexually active participants whose male partners did not use condoms were less subject to depression than those whose partners did. One theory of causality: Prostoglandin, a hormone found only in semen, may be absorbed in the female genital tract, thus modulating female hormones.

 I swear the urlLink government "searchers" are gonna find the biggest chemical weapon stockpile ever accumulated about a week before the Presidential election. I mean, honestly, they've already said they're gonna hold out till they have 100% surety, b/c they know the dems would jump all over any false indication. This, is going to be a classic "shotgun to the foot" situation for the dems. Chalk it up as #1,345,876

 ( urlLink click pic )

 The only thing lending credibility to urlLink this , is the following statement, with which I completely agree: "'Listen, I say it was an accident,' Fischbacher said. 'If it would be that the tiger would be out for killing Roy, it would [have happened] in no time.' " And on a lighter urlLink note . Kudos to Thrak for both links. Heh.

 urlLink Valentino Rossi announcement . Heh. And some more urlLink here .

 Commentary urlLink here .

 Arnold Kling, over at urlLink Tech Central Station has a GREAT article about the argumentative tactics used by the "intellectual left". Deserving of a perma-link I do believe.

 Between being sick (read below), not having much energy, and playing the ef out of (and winning) the dialo 2 expansion pack this weekend, I'm pretty wiped out. I feel bad though, there is a lot of cool stuff going on in the world, like Israel bombing sovereign nations (pre-emptively - heh), the California elections today and...uh...other stuff. Yeah, so uh, hope all is well, and I'll be back soon.

 urlLink This is a rather funny account of how North Korea ripped Iraq off - to the tune of $10M. Why? B/c of purported US "pressure". Heh.

 urlLink Nice name . *snicker*

 Well, urlLink this guy seems to have some interesting ideas. Also brings up some interesting ethical issues. Check it out.

 Workin on 50 hours without a decent meal. Gotta love food poisoning. * Update * Blood tests are back, white blood cell count is high as is something else. Doc is saying we're still in a "gray area", but he's leaning towards urlLink appedicitis . Sweet. :/

 Why, in IE does my blog not show up correctly - I haven't done anything *funky* to the template, it just seems to be brainfarting. :|

 urlLink Shifting towards a more conservative base? Could this be why the "angry left" is so angry, they see their power base eroding... Food for thought.

 Gotta love urlLink the Onion . "Everyone always says Halloween is going to be scary, but when the International Atomic Energy Agency says it, you can believe it." Heh.

 And guess what the birthday fairy brought me? A nice case of FOOD POISONING ! Hah! So I was sittin in work yesterday, the day after my actual B-day, feeling kinda dizzy/funny/puke-ish when I decided I probably shouldn't be there and should go home. First time in three years with my company that I'd come to that conclusion, so you know it's serious. Or maybe you didn't but I did. On the way home, I almost pass out four or five times, so damn tired, for no good reason. Once I DO get home, I DO actually pass out, cold sweat, shivering, only waking up a couple times to run to the bathroom and puke up some phlegm and blood (Mmmmmmmmm: phlegm). Decided it was in both my, and my toilets, best interest to go to the Doc at urlLink Patricks forceful suggestion. Blood tests are coming back later, but doc says best case, food poisoning, worst case, appendix (hence the blood tests). The appendix is apparently less than a 2% chance, but hey, don't really need it anyway - hah. I'm not worried. On another note, I see my traffic went to the "moon" (relative term - heh) today, so I checked out my b-stats and it seems I made urlLink Don's urlLink front page ! Woo hoo! Don's a great guy, got a good head on his shoulders (an objectivist) and has a urlLink good sense of humor - check him out! Oh yeah, and I share a name with a childhood bully of his, we both got a kick out of that.

 Man Steals $729,000 Ferrari urlLink During Test Drive Wonder if that salesman still has his job/testicles.

 I hope this urlLink blows up in his face , simply b/c it's further evidence that he.is.a.douche. More on the camping trip when I UL the pics. Twas fun.

 Well, I'm heading to Yosemite this weekend, solo camping trip. Check out some of the urlLink wildlife safety items they have listed. :/ lol My favorite: What should you do if you meet a mountain lion? Never approach a mountain lion especially one that is feeding or with kittens. Most mountain lions will try to avoid confrontation. Always give them a way to escape. Don't run. Stay calm. Hold your ground or back away slowly. Face the lion and stand upright. Do all you can to appear larger. Grab a stick. Raise your arms. If you have small children with you, pick them up. If the lion behaves aggressively, wave your arms, shout and throw objects at it. The goal is to convince it that you are not prey and may be dangerous yourself. If attacked, fight back! Generally, mountain lions are calm, quiet, and elusive. The chance of being attacked by a mountain lion is quite low compared to many other natural hazards. There is, for example, a far greater risk of being struck by lightning than being attacked by a mountain lion. +++++ Of course, I'd prefer to just shoot the fucker. However, I think I'll wind up in jail if I do. Well, I'm off to buy a 12" fixed blade. :b

 Another hilarious link, this time from a terrorist searching for " urlLink old fat woman fuck" . This shit cracks me up. Wonder if there's any way I can find out if it's all a big joke.

 And the urlLink Czech President just earned a whole bunch of mine.

 Lovely. Some fool decided to break down in the middle of the intersection where two 8-lane highways merge. I tried to get a pic of the cop behind him, but alas, it did not come out. Average speed below:

 urlLink free fat pussy pics . Ya simply CAN'T make this stuff up. Just another reason why I LOVE the internet. ROFLMAO. UPDATE: If you click that link you're going to have to dig around - so why not check out my urlLink screenshot . Heh.

 Check out urlLink Metal Judgement . Stupid frames won't bookmark the review, so you're gonna have to go to Demo Reviews (5th link down on left) then check the album: Aleda - Requiem . Good stuff for my man Colin - a rave review. And, if you're interested you can check out the urlLink Aleda homepage for some more DL's and some info about these guys.

 Can ya guess where I spent my weekend?

 urlLink Heh . In response to my urlLink previous post from a couple days ago. They make some great points that a LOT more work/sweat is going to be needed before the literal liberal media stranglehold is loosened (let alone broken), though I think that what is important is the direction we are headed (for now) and our relative effectiveness if you will. To have gotten this far in the first place, I'd equate to having slipped under the radar. I mean, whoever thought someone from AM radio would start this big of a snowball. In any case, this whole thing feels really entrepreneurial - and frankly, I wouldn't have it any other way. Plus, you only have to ask Bill Gates once when the best time to get in on anything is.

 For Christs sake, someone found a link to my site by searching: " pictures of davy crockett and his wife and other women having sex " I shit you not. Hahahahaha.

 See my big post below, mentioning this urlLink exact issue . Even the AARP got behind the recent Medicare plan. The same plan the liberals harp on, simply b/c SEVEN years down the line it has provisions to introduce private competition to the mix. Gotta love partisan bickering. The only redeeming factor is that the AARP considers themselves "non-partisan" and could see through Teddy Kennedy's bullshit, at least enough to support the bill.

 This is a buddy of mines' company: urlLink Piv X Solutions . The way this has been described to me is it "plugs" many of the security "holes" in MS Office products - so much that it would have effectively blocked blaster and the MS love viruses going around earlier this year. urlLink Direct link here .

 Now, I've got even urlLink more of a reason. The anti-anti personnel uses of this thing alone justify the $60 million funding it's getting from the Pentagon. The "no moving parts" thing is what really blows my mind though. Damn.

 First off, and off-topic, I wonder why it is I do most of my clear thinking while driving into work. *shrugs* In any case, we've talked before about how the "angry left" is a relatively new phenomenon. In recent memory (at least to my knowledge, which is admittedly limited) there has never been such a partisan (and polarizing) difference in the "opposing political elements" as it were. I mean, we see Democrats going against every measure this administration tries to push through - whether it be Medicare reform, which the Dems are against b/c it steals their thunder with the retirees, to Iraq, which the Dems really don't have any plan for anyways, besides to bash Bush, and hope more soldiers are killed so it "sends a message" to "wake up" the US public (assuming that the US public are the ones who need "waking up" of course). We see repeated filibusters of judicial nominees on strictly partisan grounds - in some cases even referring to prestigious acclaimed judicial nominees as "neanderthals". Has 1/2 of our major political system been relegated to name-calling? Seriously Teddy Kennedy, whats with the hate speech? In other circles, we see protestors lining up with Mao'ists, socialists, communists, greenpeace activists and their ilk in support of murderous tyrannical dictators and despots. I wonder if any of them actually know that the Communist "revolution" actually killed many more innocents than did the Nazi's. And what would be worse, their knowing support of that, or their ignorance (actually it's ignorance either way you cut it). What we see with ALL of these acts is a willingness to refute REALITY in order to further an impotent political agenda. Many of us in the blogosphere talk about how AM radio and conservative talk shows are the crux of the new conservative movement in the US. Al Gore recognizes this, and is in the process of trying to acquire a media license so he can start his own liberal talk show. Conservatives typically mock this idea for a number of reasons, primarily however due to the fact that a liberal will NEVER win an argument with an informed, intelligent conservative. Liberal arguments are based on feelings, everything from gun control legislation to pro-choice campaigns. Their arguments are shown to be false under fastidious fact-checking and OBJECTIVE research. One of the reasons the blogosphere is so important is b/c it is able to reveal (as an "independent third party") the mistruths and spin that EITHER party uses to further its agenda. My contention from the drive in this morning is that the angry left isn't actually a new phenomenon, it is more of a by product of this conservative revolution we're seeing. Rush Limbaugh is credited with acting as a catalyst of this movement, but consider what there was before him - no opposing view point to tender any assertion made by liberals. With the advent of blogging, which is clearly dominated by the conservative stand point, and the ever strengthening influence of AM radio, what we are seeing is not a shift, but an awakening almost. Many people who just sat back on the sidelines watching the liberal political circus are now speaking up. The fact that conservatives have recently taken over control of the Office of the President, Congress, the House and won a vast majority of Gubernatorial races speaks to this 'awakening' of the American. This has the looney fringes of the left back on their heels. For so long they were just an accepted part of the "mainstream left" - but now, the pendulum is swinging and the spectrum has shifted, meanwhile they are out on the fringe finding everything they say/believe in under attack from an emerging column that is gaining momentum. They've never had fact thrown in their faces to dispute arguments before, and I've got to imagine getting shut down regularly (in a harsh manner) has got to be infuriating. In summary, the angry left has always been there, now they just have a label, and have been called out for what they are and what we are seeing these days is their natural illogical response to the freight train that is modern conservatism.

 Looks like it's urlLink gone . I think the most important paragraph is the last one, about "the hole refills with surrounding ozone-rich air as temperatures rise" - ok, so if you're arguing global warming, wouldn't that HELP reduce the ozone hole, which is the entire argument to PREVENT global warming. Holy shit, my head is spinning.

 Could be fun, could get me fired. Right now, it's more fun than not. I gotta get a pic of the hot wife in the office, she's wearing a friggin see through sweater today. *sighs* Um, and no, that's not her, it's just a sample pic of the angle I'm going to be "snapping" from. :b

 Someone (in an official capacity) announces, yes, the Emperor is not urlLink wearing any clothes . The current administration has taken a methodical approach towards dealing with the Saudi's. Those who call these guys "stupid", have another thing coming. Our removal of troops from the Kingdom, combined with strategic embassy closures, mixed with Bush's recent speech where he outlines what the US will and will not stand for basically drew a line in the sand for the Saudi's. Now, we actually have a statement to point to giving indication as to what the US's official policy will be towards the Saudi's and their Wahabbist views which they have been spreading for YEARS.

 A little insight from urlLink VDH . Thanks 2kblue for the heads-up.

 Though he shouldn't get an award for urlLink this , he shouldn't be punished either. And the quote that made my day you ask?: "'If it's about the lives of my men and their safety, I'd go through hell with a gasoline can."

 is a urlLink douche .

 Sign language for urlLink alcoholics . Thanks Sasser for the link!

 Via urlLink ScrappleFace . (2003-11-17) -- John Allen Muhammad, convicted today of murder in the 2002 D.C.-area shooting spree, will receive the death penalty "to be administered by a firing squad at some unspecified time in the future." After sentencing, Mr. Muhammad was released from custody, given a car, $20 in cash and instructions to stop at a local gas station on his way home. The four-man firing squad carrying high-powered rifles left the courthouse shortly after Mr. Muhammad and appeared to be following his car.

 They look better in person. And how annoying is it that ONLY certain kinds of glasses "look good" on a person. I mean, for me, it's Arnette and Bolle - NOTHING else looks like it should be anywhere near me. Same goes for helmets (for cycling and motorcycles) - giro for bicycle helmets and Arai for m/c helmets.

 urlLink Rushs first on-air comments : And most importantly, IMSHO: "I have to do what's best for me if I'm to succeed at this. I can no longer anticipate what I think people want and try to give that to them. I can no longer try to live my life by making other people happy. I can no longer turn over the power of my feelings to anybody else, which is what I have done a lot of my life. I have thought that I had to be this way or that way in order to be liked or appreciated or understood - and in the process, I denied myself who I was and I denied the other people I was talking to and relating with who I really am, and that isn't good. " and... "You can boil it down to one real simple essence: I can't be responsible for anybody's happiness but my own, and if I allow somebody else the power to determine my happiness, then...well...that's something I don't want to do. I can't do any longer. I put myself first. Doesn't mean be rudely selfish. It just means I can't depend on other people to make me happy. I have to do that myself. I'm the only one who has control over that. And I have to admit that I am powerless over this addiction that I have. I used to think I could beat it with force of will. I used to think that I would be different, but I'm not. " A lot of people say it, but not a lot of people mean it. Welcome back Rush, and I wish you the best.

 Wait and urlLink see . The manufacturing sector, which, for the last two years, has more or less been in free-fall mode, has now been described as "on fire". That, followed by this report indicating inventories are starting to pick back up, combined with still low interest rates mean jobs will soon follow.

 urlLink Howard Dean . I guess one could accuse me of cynicism about this show, if only they hadn't placed trip wires, and sharp objects, all over the site. Heh.

 For blog posts like urlLink this .

 So I'm cruising the mall this afternoon (I know *puke*) looking for glasses, and there are a couple of little rug rats speeding around, getting in everyones way, when here's comes a guy missing an eye, and (thankfully) a patch covering the missing orifice. Not only does a rug rat almost steamroll into this guys legs, but she then yells out "Hey look, a PIRATE!". Heh. Kids.

 Via urlLink IMAO : In a nearby kindergarten class, urlLink Rumsfeld read some excerpts from urlLink Jane's Guide to Guns and then took questions from the children. "My mom says guns are bad," said little Suzy, age 5. "Your mom is obviously a urlLink stupid whore ," Rumsfeld responded. A satire site, obviously. Can you imagine that though? Oh.my.God - I would die laughing.

 These guys are from NYC, they describe themselves as sort of a urlLink dark rock band. Regardless, I dig their sound - very unique. Their older stuff required a lot more of an acquired taste, but since they want to "go mainstream" and get signed, they've genericized their sound a bit more. You can find some of their tunes to DL urlLink here . Good stuff, give 'em a rip. Also, check their show dates page if you're in/around NYC.

 Looks like urlLink Andrew Sullivan calls out another member of the "angry left" - this time for slandering Rummy. Heh.

 urlLink Here and urlLink here .

 I'm out tomorrow (thursday), so don't expect too much (read: any) posting. In the meantime, check out: urlLink Pats blog urlLink Dons blog urlLink Nealz blog urlLink Phisters funnel race urlLink Howards blog urlLink the Puppy blender -or- urlLink Sully's See you auntie! ^ Stupid "tool" reference. Catch you snatches Friday! And I will leave you with a quote for the day, I think this is gonna be my new "thing" - I've got a personal collection of about 1,000 I've been collecting since sophomore year in high school. So, I leave you with a quote from one of my favorite characters in American History, Mr. Benjamin Franklin. 529. God helps them that help themselves…Benjamin Franklin

 ...that makes me emo? I mean, seriously. Maybe I'm just being moody for some reason - though usually my "moodyness" consists of being very pissed off at everyone and wanting to go shoot something....not tonight though. Maybe it's the RHCP I'm listening to, maybe it's beer #5 I'm drinking, maybe it's weird shit going on at work, maybe it's weird shit going on in my life, maybe some weird shit that went down is catching up with me. Maybe it's "Z" - all of the above. Any way you slice it, I'm not so sure I enjoy remembering what I felt like for 4 years of high school and one of college. P.S. Under the Bridge is *still* one of the best songs around.

 Seeing as how this is my first job out of college, and this is my first office with this job, I have reason to celebrate. Yeah, it only took me three years to get here, but I'm still the youngest in my company with one - so that's cool. There are a couple downsides to it though: 1) I'm no longer sitting next to the coolest (and hot) admin that I was before, so I don't get to hear her crazy sex stories. 2) My desk space was reduced by approximately 75%. For those of you who have seem my room/workspace, you know how much I LOOOOVE my desk space. So, again, that sucks. 3) The office is the smallest on the floor, b/c the guy next to me has the largest non-corner office. 4) The furniture must be from 1912 - and not "oh, its' good antique 1912" - more like "that shit is beat". Heh. All things considered though, I think it's going to be a positive thing: 1) Much less distraction with being able to close the door and jam to music. 2) I can now keep cold beer within arms reach 3) I have a window 4) Respect 5) New furniture 6) The set up (less desk space) will force me to organize Good times, pics forthcoming.

 Note the urlLink only man standing in this picture.

 urlLink Iraqi death-counter . Iraqis Tortured to Death Today By Saddam Hussein: 0 Heh.

 Had to take this one down, but I liked it, so I'm saving it ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ Duc, in case you didn't know D is what we call a member of the "angry left" - pissed of the president is principaled, pissed off we're in iraq, pissed off at halliburton, pissed off that the economy is turning around. An altruistic, nihilistic, pot smoking, tree hugging hippy. Imagine "Office Space".... *shrugs* I dont know what he's trying to prove. If anything. I think he thinks he's smarter than the rest of the board - so he posts cryptic messages that only other pot smoking hippies can understand. In board terms he's relegated to "shit-stirrer" status, b/c, for all intents and purposes, he has nothing else to say, but he's angry damnit. For reference, other members of the "angry left" have things like this to say: Quote: I Hope the Bloodshed Continues in Iraq Well, that should bring the bats out of the attic with fangs dripping. I won't be hypocritcal. It is politically correct, particularly in any Dem discussion to hope and pray and feel for our troops and scream "bring them back now". I'm fighting something bigger. I'm a 58 year old broad and I can tell you that what is going on in our country isn't the usual ebb and flow of politics where one party is in power and then another; where the economy goes through ups and downs.......yawn, yawn--just wait a bit and things will turn out peachy keen. That stupid la-la land is over. I realize that not every GI Joe was 100peeercent behind Prseeedent Booosh going into this war; but I do know that that is what an overwhelming number of them and their famlies screamed in the face of protesters who were trying to protect these kids. Well, there is more than one way to be "dead" for your country. They are not only not accompishing squat in Iraq, they are doing crap nothing for the safety, defense of the US of A over there directly. But "indirectly" they are doing a lot. The only way to get rid of this slime bag WASP-Mafia, oil barron ridden cartel of a government, this assault on Americans and anything one could laughingly call "a democracy", relies heavily on what a shit hole Iraq turns into. They need to die so that we can be free. Soldiers usually did that directly--i.e., fight those invading and harming a country. This time they need to die in defense of a lie from a lying adminstration to show these ignorant, dumb Americans that Bush is incompetent. They need to die so that Americans get rid of this deadly scum. It is obscene, Barbie Bush, how other sons (of much nobler blood) have to die to save us from your Rosemary's Baby spawn and his ungodly cohorts. AND, they get really REALLY pissed off when they read sites like: urlLink Healing Iraq Written by an Iraqi in support of the US "occupation". And what fires them up most of all is pictures like urlLink this . Oh, and one last link from the urlLink LA Times - from a reformed lefty who had this to say: Quote: We put them in those rowboats — we antiwar demonstrators, we sophisticated, smart guys. The war was nearly over when I graduated from high school. But high school students were old enough to demonstrate. They were old enough to feel superior to the fools who were running the government. And they were old enough to have known better. They were old enough to have understood what communist regimes had cost the world in suffering, from the prisons of Havana to the death camps of Siberia. Today we are haunted, in thinking about Iraq, by the fact that a noisy, self-important, narcissistic minority talked the United States into betraying its allies. (Loyalty didn't mean a lot to antiwar demonstrators; honor didn't mean a lot.) We betrayed our allies and hurried home, to introspect. They stayed on, to suffer. We were eager to make love, not war, but the South Vietnamese weren't offered that option. Their alternatives were to knuckle under or die. It was my fault, mine personally; I was part of the antiwar crowd and I'm sorry. But my apology is too late for the South Vietnamese dead. All I can do is join the chorus in shouting, "No more Vietnams!" No more shrugging off tyranny; no more deserting our friends; no more going back on our duties as the strongest nation on Earth. *************************************** I'll be the one to protect you from Your enemies and all your demons I'll be the one to protect you from A will to survive and a voice of reason I'll be the one to protect you from Your enemies and your choices son One and the same I must isolate you Isolate and save you from yourself. ***************************************

 urlLink Stars & Stripes .

 I literally sent an asinine request in, about formatting on my blog - I don't even know if I explained the damn problem right - and Graham responded to my post in about 30 minutes! Fantastic! He actually went INTO my template and fixed some tag that he said was a bug (but something I probably messed up). BLAM-O, fixed! Sweet!

 This deserves more than just a link, the original can be found on urlLink Kim DuToits blog. We have become a nation of women. It wasn't always this way, of course. There was a time when men put their signatures to a document, knowing full well that this single act would result in their execution if captured, and in the forfeiture of their property to the State. Their wives and children would be turned out by the soldiers, and their farms and businesses most probably given to someone who didn't sign the document. There was a time when men went to their certain death, with expressions like "You all can go to hell. I'm going to Texas." (Davy Crockett, to the House of Representatives, before going to the Alamo.) There was a time when men went to war, sometimes against their own families, so that other men could be free. And there was a time when men went to war because we recognized evil when we saw it, and knew that it had to be stamped out. There was even a time when a President of the United States threatened to punch a man in the face and kick him in the balls, because the man had the temerity to say bad things about the President's daughter's singing. We're not like that anymore. Now, little boys in grade school are suspended for playing cowboys and Indians, cops and crooks, and all the other familiar variations of "good guy vs. bad guy" that helped them learn, at an early age, what it was like to have decent men hunt you down, because you were a lawbreaker. Now, men are taught that violence is bad -- that when a thief breaks into your house, or threatens you in the street, that the proper way to deal with this is to "give him what he wants", instead of taking a horsewhip to the rascal or shooting him dead where he stands. Now, men's fashion includes not a man dressed in a three-piece suit, but a tight sweater worn by a man with breasts. Now, warning labels are indelibly etched into gun barrels, as though men have somehow forgotten that guns are dangerous things. Now, men are given Ritalin as little boys, so that their natural aggressiveness, curiosity and restlessness can be controlled, instead of nurtured and directed. And finally, our President, who happens to have been a qualified fighter pilot, lands on an aircraft carrier wearing a flight suit, and is immediately dismissed with words like "swaggering", "macho" and the favorite epithet of Euro girly-men, "cowboy". Of course he was bound to get that reaction -- and most especially from the Press in Europe, because the process of male pussification Over There is almost complete. How did we get to this? In the first instance, what we have to understand is that America is first and foremost, a culture dominated by one figure: Mother. It wasn't always so: there was a time when it was Father who ruled the home, worked at his job, and voted. But in the twentieth century, women became more and more involved in the body politic, and in industry, and in the media -- and mostly, this has not been a good thing. When women got the vote, it was inevitable that government was going to become more powerful, more intrusive, and more "protective" (ie. more coddling), because women are hard-wired to treasure security more than uncertainty and danger. It was therefore inevitable that their feminine influence on politics was going to emphasize (lowercase "s") social security. I am aware of the fury that this statement is going to arouse, and I don't care a fig. What I care about is the fact that since the beginning of the twentieth century, there has been a concerted campaign to denigrate men, to reduce them to figures of fun, and to render them impotent, figuratively speaking. I'm going to illustrate this by talking about TV, because TV is a reliable barometer of our culture. In the 1950s, the TV Dad was seen as the lovable goofball -- perhaps the beginning of the trend -- BUT he was still the one who brought home the bacon, and was the main source of discipline (think of the line: "Wait until your father gets home!"). From that, we went to this: the Cheerios TV ad. Now, for those who haven't seen this piece of shit, I'm going to go over it, from memory, because it epitomizes everything I hate about the campaign to pussify men. The scene opens at the morning breakfast table, where the two kids are sitting with Dad at the table, while Mom prepares stuff on the kitchen counter. The dialogue goes something like this: Little girl (note, not little boy): Daddy, why do we eat Cheerios? Dad: Because they contain fiber, and all sorts of stuff that's good for the heart. I eat it now, because of that. LG: Did you always eat stuff that was bad for your heart, Daddy? Dad (humorously): I did, until I met your mother. Mother (not humorously): Daddy did a lot of stupid things before he met your mother. Now, every time I see that TV ad, I have to be restrained from shooting the TV with a .45 Colt. If you want a microcosm of how men have become less than men, this is the perfect example. What Dad should have replied to Mommy's little dig: Yes, Sally, that's true: I did do a lot of stupid things before I met your mother. I even slept with your Aunt Ruth a few times, before I met your mother. That's what I would have said, anyway, if my wife had ever attempted to castrate me in front of the kids like that. But that's not what men do, of course. What this guy is going to do is smile ruefully, finish his cereal, and then go and fuck his secretary, who doesn't try to cut his balls off on a daily basis. Then, when the affair is discovered, people are going to rally around the castrating bitch called his wife, and call him all sorts of names. He'll lose custody of his kids, and they will be brought up by our ultimate modern-day figure of sympathy: The Single Mom. You know what? Some women deserve to be single moms. When I first started this website, I think my primary aim was to blow off steam at the stupidity of our society. Because I have fairly set views on what constitutes right and wrong, I have no difficulty in calling Bill Clinton, for example, a fucking liar and hypocrite. But most of all, I do this website because I love being a man. Amongst other things, I talk about guns, self-defense, politics, beautiful women, sports, warfare, hunting, and power tools -- all the things that being a man entails. All this stuff gives me pleasure. And it doesn't take much to see when all the things I love are being threatened: for instance, when Tim Allen's excellent comedy routine on being a man is reduced to a fucking sitcom called Home Improvement. The show should have been called Man Improvement, because that's what every single plotline entailed: turning a man into a "better" person, instead of just leaving him alone to work on restoring the vintage sports car in his garage. I stopped watching the show after about four episodes. ("The Man Show" was better, at least for the first season -- men leering at chicks, men fucking around with ridiculous games like "pin the bra on the boobies", men having beer-drinking competitions, and women on trampolines. Excellent stuff, only not strong enough. I don't watch it anymore, either, because it's plain that the idea has been subverted by girly-men, and turned into a parody of itself.) Finally, we come to the TV show which to my mind epitomizes everything bad about what we have become: Queer Eye For The Straight Guy. Playing on the homo Bravo Channel, this piece of excrement has taken over the popular culture by storm (and so far, the only counter has been the wonderful South Park episode which took it apart for the bullshit it is). I'm sorry, but the premise of the show nauseates me. A bunch of homosexuals trying to "improve" ordinary men into something "better" (ie. more acceptable to women): changing the guy's clothes, his home decor, his music -- for fuck's sake, what kind of girly-man would allow these simpering butt-bandits to change his life around? Yes, the men are, by and large, slobs. Big fucking deal. Last time I looked, that's normal. Men are slobs, and that only changes when women try to civilize them by marriage. That's the natural order of things. You know the definition of homosexual men we used in Chicago? "Men with small dogs who own very tidy apartments." Real men, on the other hand, have big fucking mean-ass dogs: Rhodesian ridgebacks, bull terriers and Rottweilers, or else working dogs like pointers or retrievers which go hunting with them and slobber all over the furniture. Women own lapdogs. Which is why women are trying to get dog-fighting and cock-fighting banned -- they'd ban boxing too, if they could -- because it's "mean and cruel". No shit, Shirley. Hell, I don't like the idea of fighting dogs, either, but I don't have a problem with men who do. Dogs and cocks fight. So do men. No wonder we have an affinity for it. My website has become fairly popular with men, and in the beginning, this really surprised me, because I didn't think I was doing anything special. That's not what I think now. I must have had well over five thousand men write to me to say stuff like "Yes! I agree! I was so angry when I read about [insert atrocity of choice], but I though I was the only one." No, you're not alone, my friend, and nor am I. Out there, there is a huge number of men who are sick of it. We're sick of being made figures of fun and ridicule; we're sick of having girly-men like journalists, advertising agency execs and movie stars decide on "what is a man"; we're sick of women treating us like children, and we're really fucking sick of girly-men politicians who pander to women by passing an ever-increasing raft of Nanny laws and regulations (the legal equivalent of public-school Ritalin), which prevent us from hunting, racing our cars and motorcycles, smoking, flirting with women at the office, getting into fistfights over women, shooting criminals and doing all the fine things which being a man entails. When Annika Sorenstam was allowed to play in that tournament on the men's PGA tour, all the men should have refused to play -- Vijay Singh was the only one with balls to stand up for a principle, and he was absolutely excoriated for being a "chauvinist". Bullshit. He wasn't a chauvinist, he was being a man. All the rest of the players -- Woods, Mickleson, the lot -- are girls by comparison. And, needless to say, Vijay isn't an American, nor a European, which is probably why he still has a pair hanging between his legs, and they're not hanging on the wall as his wife's trophy. Fuck this, I'm sick of it. I don't see why I should put up with this bullshit any longer -- hell, I don't see why any man should put up with this bullshit any longer. I don't see why men should have become feminized, accept that we allowed it to happen -- and you know why we let it happen? Because it's goddamned easier to do so. Unfortunately, we've allowed it to go too far, and our maleness has become too pussified for words. At this point, I could have gone two ways: the first would be to say, "...and I don't know if we'll get it back. The process has become too entrenched, the cultural zeitgeist of men as girls has become part of the social fabric, and there's not much we can do about it." But I'm not going to do that. To quote John Belushi (who was, incidentally, a real man and not a fucking woman): "Did we quit when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor?" Well, I'm not going to quit. Fuck that. One of the characteristics of the non-pussified man (and this should strike fear into the hearts of women and girly-men everywhere) is that he never quits just because the odds seem overwhelming. Omaha Beach, guys. I want a real man as President -- not Al Gore, who had to hire a consultant to show him how to be an Alpha male, and french-kiss his wife on live TV to "prove" to the world that he was a man, when we all knew that real men don't have to do that shit. And I want the Real Man President to surround himself with other Real Men, like Rumsfeld, and Ashcroft, and yes, Rice (who is more of a Real Man than those asswipes Colin Powell and Norman Mineta). I want our government to be more like Dad -- kind, helpful, but not afraid to punish us when we fuck up, instead of helping us excuse our actions. I want our government of real men to start rolling back the Nanny State, in all its horrible manifestations of over-protectiveness, intrusiveness and "Mommy Knows Best What's Good For You" regulations. I want our culture to become more male -- not the satirical kind of male, like The Man Show, or the cartoonish figures of Stallone, Van Damme or Schwartzenegger. (Note to the Hollywood execs: We absolutely fucking loathe chick movies about feelings and relationships and all that feminine jive. We want more John Waynes, Robert Mitchums, Bruce Willises, and Clint Eastwoods. Never mind that it's simplistic -- we like simple, we are simple, we are men -- our lives are uncomplicated, and we like it that way. We Were Soldiers was a great movie, and you know why? Because you could have cut out all the female parts, and it still would have been a great movie, because it was about Real Men. Try cutting out all the female parts in a Woody Allen movie -- you'd end up with the opening and closing credits.) I want our literature to become more male, less female. Men shouldn't buy "self-help" books unless the subject matter is car maintenance, golf swing improvement or how to disassemble a fucking Browning BAR. We don't improve ourselves, we improve our stuff. And finally, I want men everywhere to going back to being Real Men. To open doors for women, to drive fast cars, to smoke cigars after a meal, to get drunk occasionally and, in the words of Col. Jeff Cooper, one of the last of the Real Men: "to ride, shoot straight, and speak the truth." In every sense of the word. We know what the word "is" means. Because that's all that being a Real Man involves. You don't have to become a fucking cartoon male, either: I'm not going back to stoning women for adultery like those Muslim assholes do, nor am I suggesting we support that perversion of being a Real Man, gangsta rap artists (those fucking pussies -- they wouldn't last thirty seconds against a couple of genuine tough guys that I know). Speaking of rap music, do you want to know why more White boys buy that crap than Black boys do? You know why rape is such a problem on college campuses? Why binge drinking is a problem among college freshmen? It's a reaction: a reaction against being pussified. And I understand it, completely. Young males are aggressive, they do fight amongst themselves, they are destructive, and all this does happen for a purpose. Because only the strong men propagate. And women know it. You want to know why I know this to be true? Because powerful men still attract women. Women, even liberal women, swooned over George Bush in a naval aviator's uniform. Donald Trump still gets access to some of the most beautiful pussy available, despite looking like a medieval gargoyle. Donald Rumsfeld, if he wanted to, could fuck 90% of all women over 50 if he wanted to, and a goodly portion of younger ones too. And he won't. Because Rummy's been married to the same woman for fifty years, and he wouldn't toss that away for a quickie. He's a Real Man. No wonder the Euros hate and fear him. We'd better get more like him, we'd better become more like him, because if we don't, men will become a footnote to history. ********* Sha-zam.

 urlLink Wow : Power from the moon? Enticing concept, what boggles my mind is the wealth effect it would create in developing countries (by 2050). Crazy stuff. However, everyone knows "trickle-down" economics doesn't work /angry left rant.

 Read the urlLink justifications lawmakers are putting forth for trying to support taxing internet providers. If you've read Atlas Shrugged, or at least have a rational head on your shoulders, you'll see the depth of their misunderstanding when they make comments like: "The tech sector, after getting clobbered, is really coming back now, and you're going to unravel the progress made in the last six months," says Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., who co-sponsored the bill with Sen. George Allen, R-Va. and The bill "will force states into the red," says Raymond Scheppach, executive director of the National Governors Association. Idiots.

 Went with my buddy (early in the summer) to rent a couple movies down by his place. He said he had some late fees on his card (warning sign #1) so could we use mine. OK, but I made him promise me he'd return them. Done, no big deal. About a MONTH later, I start getting calls from Blockbuster that I owe them like $80, from their Newport Beach store. > Guess who was resposnsible for that? Kid never returned the movies. After playing the blame game for a day or two, with him trying to shift responsibility to his brother, I eventually got him to (supposedly) pay the late fees. It would appear this event is over. Then the mail came yesterday. Wouldn't you know "Credit Protection Association, L.P." sent me an official looking letter, informing me that my account is past due $36.98. Effing wonderful. I guess the process is for me to call the store directly, confirm my 'friend' DID ever pay ANY late fee. Then take it from there. How lame. How utterly lame.

 Apparently two of the most important artifcats looted from the Iraqi National Museum urlLink have been recovered . Don't expect CNN to report on this, I had to dig through the AP news wire to find this one.

 He's got this thing against cell phones, or at least obnoxious people who use their cell phones in public places, thereby pissing everyone off. So, he takes urlLink pictures of them. lol Good times. Oh yeah, he linked me too ;)

 urlLink Shit from the "Democratic Underground" - another angry left group. Just look at how rational they are. Hoping US soldiers are killed, wonderful. File this under: Fuck wits

 urlLink Big .

 Anyone else remember when Timberland work boots were big in suburbia? Even before gang bangers/rappers started wearing them? Random thought

 Great urlLink article - discusses potential support from French and Russian contingencies. However, the one item that I found very interesting was this: "Investigators of the Iraq Survey Group have discovered that in the months before the war, many specific military and civilian defensive measures ordered by Hussein in past conflicts were only partially carried out or were completely ignored. There appears to have been “some kind of breakdown in the structure that was controlling things," Yeah, wonder how much our CIA guys and Spec Ops folks had to do with that "breakdown in the structure" responsible for the miscommunication. Heh.

 Look at the urlLink main pic in this article, do you even NEED to read the caption to know who is a dem and who is a republican? ROFL Funny funny funny. What's not so funny is the strong-arm tactics employed by Democratic supporters - hitting a Katz supporter with a 2x4 (!!) and all around thuggary at the polls. SSDD for the angry left I guess.

 As told by the urlLink Baltimore Jewish Times . A good read, to hopefully dispel some misconceptions (from Liberals) about the neo-conservative movement being some "ultra-conservative" right wing Christian group. It's actually a bunch of evil "JOO's". File this under: Get your facts straight.

 urlLink Woman Sues Playboy, Others For Showing Daytona Wet T-Shirt Contest . Our lawsuit happy society. *sighs* The only thing that bugs me about this story,was that she was 16 (!!!) when this happened. This raises a few questions: 1) how'd she get IN to the bar, 2) what was she doing in Daytona at spring break, 3) where were her PARENTS during all this and 4) she cited "pressure" to compete, do I even have to say anymore? Props to R6Dragon for the link! File this under: Baaaaaah. Sheep.

 Found this on urlLink Instapundit . Somebody remind Glenn of one of Lincolns famous quotes: "To say a sheep has five legs, doesn't make it so". Same concept applies to "public watch" agencies - just b/c they name themselves something, doesn't mean shit. Case in point: I could simply rename my blog to "The best weblog in the Universe", and you know what I'd label you if you believed that... Sheep.

 Via urlLink Something Awful . Check this site out on Fridays. These guys come up with some good WW2 humor, however they tend to lean to the left a bit. Entertaining none the less, just bring your salt.

 So, I arrange my travel to LAX for my flight home. Shuttle picking me up at 9:30 AM for a 1:10 PM flight. Should be OK, right? *BZZZT* I turn on the TV this morning, "get there 3+ hours early... FOR A DOMESTIC FLIGHT" - and they're not even letting individual cars in - you gotta come in in a shuttle/taxi, or you don't get in. Fuck. Why do I get the feeling I'm TOTALLY gonna miss my flight. This sucks. In any case, have a great holiday folks. I might be out of commission till January 3rd if all goes well. But, if I do get bored, I'll be blogging. So, until next time...

 Last Friday I went out for a "team dinner" at a local italian restaurant (niiiiiiiiice place). Being the italian food snob that I am, and not seeing my favorite dish (veal saltimbocca) I asked our server to see if the chef had any idea what it was. As an alternative, I ordered the lasagna. Well, I got the saltimbocca, and it was a close second for "best I've ever had" - which is saying a lot. Well, as I liked it so much, I came back in on Monday AM and was telling someone about " urlLink one of the best damn veal dishes I've ever had " - when this groan eminates from behind me. Now, I know my stomach makes noises b/c of my ulcer, but, this was no stomach. I turn around to see our new admin giving me the vegetarian " stare of death ". I immediately start to laugh, knowing full well what this is about, and pose the question, "What are you, a vegan?" - followed by more laughing on my part. Go ahead, guess the response, it was something like, "Actually. Yes." With 200% surety, this was headed downhill. Fast. I decided to nip in in the bud and told her that it wasn't even 9:00 yet, and I most certainly was NOT getting in this conversation with her over something as asinine as her dietary preferences. She went for the rebuttal, "Do you know how they TREAT those baby cows?", and I walked away. Laughing some more. And as a parting shot, I sent her a link from our friend over at urlLink maddox.xmission . Yes, I know I'm a bastard. I'm over it, why aren't you? :P

 So, ever been just surfing porn 'cause you're bored, and you find someone you know in one of the video's? Me neither, until about 15 minutes ago... You decide if I'm right. I'm like 95%, my friend isn't convinced: urlLink Real deal (SFW) urlLink Assumed 1 (NSFW) -- bottom banner, right hand side. urlLink Assumed 2 (NSFW) -- click the first vid titled "cassie". File this under: It's a small world after all...

 If so, this sucks, and I need to do something about it. In case you were wondering, I'm sitting here at home doing the following: 1) urlLink blogging @ 9:30 PM 2) eating urlLink mac & cheese 3) with urlLink tuna 3a) and urlLink hot sauce 4) drinking a urlLink semi-decent cab 5) urlLink bored out of my mind 6) missing my girlfriend (haha, no link suckers) 7) urlLink needing to sleep , and contemplating going to bed before 2:30 AM (for the first time in about a week) Bring on the pr0n.

 Today's new blog (to me) is that of urlLink lagmonkey . In all my blogroll trolling, I haven't yet come across him - which is a bad thing. His is more of a traditional blog as far as I can tell - more personal type items. He looks pretty cool to me, spent some time as a Marine - though I'm not sure that goatee is kosher (which most likely means he's out), looks like he listens to some cool music, and he's got me linked with the likes of Anna ( urlLink Primal Purge ) and urlLink Kim DuToit , which means he's no fan of urlLink Chomsky . Heh. Gonna have to check that site out more. Oh yeah, and his format kicks the shit out of mine. Hah.

 Caught this link off a message board I troll. urlLink Electricity much ? File this under: Oh.my.fucking.God.

 The falcon cannot hear the falconer urlLink Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold ... Excerpt from " urlLink The Second Coming ", by W.B. Yeats, one of my favorite Irish poets.

 The beauty of urlLink innocence lost . 1) Yes, who the ef designed that? Reeks of urlLink NAMBLA to me. lol and the, what should be, obvious question 2) What parent puts their kid on it, and gets a PICTURE of it. Unless of course, they're going to hold the picture as blackmail for some wedding day. If that's the case, that's pretty damn funny. EDIT : Or as my astute reader so graciously pointed out, NADGLA (North American Duck Girl Love Association) would be more appropos. Heh. EDIT 2 : On reflection, that would make one funny-ass blog name. It's mine you thieves! Muahahahaha. Chad gets royalties of $.01. :P

 Well folks, you can't say I didn't try. I found one of my all time "happy songs" this weekend, and wanted to share it with you, but alas, it wasn't to be. The Blogger gods apparently don't like either 1) .mp3 file extensions being shared, 2) being sued by the urlLink RIAA , 3) DCMA or 4) 7 meg uploads. Heh. In any case, if you're so inclined, and have urlLink Kazaa lite or bear share or some other p2p hookup - go check out " urlLink VNV Nation - beloved ". There are only a few songs that simply make me *happy*, and this is one of them. *sighs*

 Someone want to tell me why the fuck urlLink Pikachu shows up in this google search before Mohammed Atta or even Jesse Jackson? I find this disturbing.

 Looks like urlLink Mr. Penis Breath himself has a new video tape out. Now that you've read that, go re-read that interview with "grimley" from LOTR fame. Demographics are where its at, and it really is going to be a "clash of the civilizations". The only question is my mind is "when" the powder keg will ignite. Bin Laden hoped 9/11 would serve as catalyst to those ends, I think it was only the lighting of the wick. This "war on terror" isn't going to end in any of our lifetimes for a whole number of reasons. urlLink Retarded urlLink religious urlLink zealots being the #1 reason. As urlLink Marx put it, religion is the opiate of the masses. Damn religion. Damn it to hell.

 In response to urlLink this interview with "Grimley" from LOTR, I got linked to urlLink this PDF file by my R6MN buddy, 2kblueR6. The first interview doesn't really get "good" until the last paragraph, when he starts talking about the effect of the overtly Christian ethos prevalent in the book. The most interesting point I found him talking about was his perception of the demographical change that's going to take place in Europe in the next 50-75 years. Very interesting shit, and VERY insightful given todays idiotic batch of actors/entertainers. However, that's another post for another day. I've yet to read the second link, however I have it on good authority that it's worth a rip. Thanks 2kblue!

 I

 My office A/C WON'T.SHUT.OFF, its blowing cold air on my bald-ass head, I'm wearing short-sleeves and I'm sick already. I feel my throat fucking SEIZING up and I'm shivering my ass off. Here, I even urlLink took a picture of my self . Brrr.

 From urlLink Baker Company - the last Marine Company left in Iraq.

 Buy them one of these urlLink special seat cushions for the Holidays. File this under: Why didn't I think of this and/or Patrick buy one. Heh.

 So, yeah, tryin to figure out if i want to go ride the MTB or motorcycle for "lunch". :) Yes, I am sick - however I don't feel bad. But, after getting yelled at for coming to work yesterday (while being sick - we have like 5 preggo's in the office), I decided it would be better of me to bring some stuff home for today. Amazing how much more efficient you get when people aren't swingin by the office every 5 minutes to tell you the newest joke they just heard, or asking your opinion on something.

 I'll admit, fully one-half the time, I have no effing IDEA what this girl is talking about - but urlLink todays humor isn't lost even on little 'ol fat me. Heh.

 But, I just got back from picking up lunch, and that made the second time in about 14 hours that I've come close to fighting someone over something stupid (note: about 7 of those 14 hours were spent sleeping). Last night leaving "the last samurai" with KE some asshole in a Rav4 (or equivalent) was hauling ASS through the parking lot, people weren't quite jumping out of the way, but it was clear he wasn't slowing down/stopping for anyone. Well, he just so happened to have to slow down to round a corner and get by my walking ass. Well, he cut it really close, so what did I do, stick out my keys. Heh. I intentionally didn't try and get his car, but it was more of a gesture for the 15 other people he was trying to plow through. Well, Mr. Big Bad Ass driver didn't think it was funny, so he slammed his brakes and got out of the car. For some unknown reason my first response was to start walking towards him and say "I didn't get it asshole, get back in your car". LOL. I'd have to confirm with KE but this guy out-weighed me by probably 100 lbs, and about 6". Kept walking towards him saying "look, look" pointing accusingly. I guess this guy must've felt stupid or something b/c he got back in his car and left, and I dont think he said one word. So, that was story one. Here is story two. Lunch at the local mexican place. There are two registers serving customers. Ok, *every* time I've *ever* been there (approaching 100 times) one cue forms, and you simply take whichever register is first. Common courtesy in large line venues IMO. Well, I'm next in line, and some dude comes charging over to register two - right in front of me. So, I inform him that there's a line, and he needs to get in it. He gets all confrontational with me saying, "Well I'm gonna make you choose, which line you gonna be in", and my response "I choose this one line that everyone else is in, and you're going to get behind me again". Well, we went back and forth like that for about 20-30 seconds, and I stopped him mid-sentence and said "You know what, I'm gonna let YOU be the asshole today - go ahead dick". Heh. Apparently he didn't like being called a dick, and protested some. Net net net, he ordered his food, I winked at him when he went to pick it up - the register ladies saw the whole thing go down, and as a net result, I got my food first. The question is, what IS it with people like that? The assholes that are in such a fucking rush that they just try and run you over, or cheat to get ahead any way possible? I don't consider myself a particularly violent person, but when people go out of their way to act like dicks, I call them on it. Worse more, these people are all show and no go. The guy from the movie was MUCH bigger than me, and backed down. I stood up to the chin on the guy at lunch today, and he had me by a good 60 lbs probably - and he didn't do shit, even after I called him names in front of a bunch of people. Again, maybe it's just me being a dick, but the last 24 hours have been entertaining at the least.

 urlLink Saddam Hussein is caught . So I come home from another long night of partying (ironically showing a recently-home-from-Iraq Marine a good time in downtown laguna) only to find out that, yes, we have finally caught THE goat-fucker. Congratulations Iraq, thank you United States. There are so many great new/blog posts out there, I'm not even gonna bother giving my $.02 on this. All I hope is that we keep that asshole safe for his trial by the iraqi people. I'm really looking forward to the reaction of both the angry left and the international community - if what urlLink Hamas has said is any indication of anything, I think the next year should be pretty interesting. In any case, I do want to share the best photoshop I've seen to date on Saddam's capture: And my caption: "Hey Chirac, urlLink ya like apples ?" Update: In celebration of catching Saddam, I went out and bought some urlLink champagne - 5th from the bottom. I'll take some digi pics tonight, and hopefully get them up tomorrow. I've had a shit-eating grin on my face ALL DAY. How wonderful. UPDATE: A pic of the urlLink oh so tasty bottle .

 This, via an email from earlier today. Thanks Jen! A person is flying in a hot air balloon and realizes that they are lost. They reduce the height and spot a person on the ground below. They lower the balloon further and shout, "Excuse me. Can you help me? I promised my friend I would meet him half an hour ago, but I don't know where I am." The person below says, "Yes. You are in a hot air balloon, hovering approximately 30 feet above this field. You are between 40 and 42 degrees North latitude and between 58 and 60 degrees West longitude." "You must be an underwriter," says the balloonist. "I am," replies the person below, "how did you know?" "Well," says the balloonist, "everything you have told me is technically correct, but I have no idea what to make of your information, and the fact is, I am still lost." The person below says, "You must be a loan officer". "I am," replies the balloonist, "but how did you know?" "Well," says the person below, "you don't know where you are, or where you are going. You have made a promise that you have no idea how to keep, and you expect me to solve your problem. The fact is, you are in exactly the same position as you were before we met, but now it is somehow my fault."

 urlLink 2004 economy

 I just ULed a couple pics from the last few days. urlLink Sunset. Laguna Beach. PCH . Eat your heart out. urlLink My office (as of Thursday 1900 hours - now)

 Not sure if this was designed to compete with that urlLink V-10 behemoth Dodge debuted (sp?) in Vegas a couple years ago, but I think urlLink this beast has that Dodge beat in HP *and* overall mass. Stat sheet reads: 502 HP and a curb weight of 1,300 lbs.

 urlLink Missile Defense Hits Target During Test

 My god, urlLink the eyes .

 The Achilles has been feelin alright for about the last week (better and better every day). THEN I went on a site inspection today up in Torrance - no big deal, just had to *walk* about 25 units, shouldn't have been a problem. Well, I don't know how I did it, but somehow I pissed off my achilles BAD walking to the *first* unit. The next two hours were spent cruising up and down flights of stairs and running all over this 10 acre property - all in all must've been about 3 miles, on the messed up leg. Oof. Went to the PT guy tonight, got my shit checked out - the tendon was all inflamed, so he stretched it out some, some more ultrasound, some more stretching, some ice, and a SICK tape job. I feel great again! Woo hoo! I've got 2 appts scheduled for next week. In any case, now, getting to what you've all been reading for: the "front desk chick". As I mentioned in my urlLink previous post , I was gonna make a conscious effort to check the left hand ring-finger to see if it was cool to chat her up. Well, lets just say I found this " urlLink true-to-scale " picture. Bling. DISCLAIMER : From here on in, this post gets serious, and rather grumpy. Thanks for the reminder (and the KICK ASS! "title pic" urlLink Chad !) So, honestly, why the fuck do girls always want to get married so fuckin early? I hear the whole " urlLink biological clock " argument, but WTF. Maybe I'm just immature, but shit, I'm 25 and though I've come a *long* way since 18 in terms of relationships, however I still can't see my lame ass getting married within the next 10 years. I got too much shit to do! Between starting my urlLink real-estate empire , living in urlLink NorCal at some point, living in urlLink NYC at some point, living in urlLink TX at some point (don't ask), and spending some *serious* time in urlLink Alaska , who the fuck is gonna wanna follow my fat ass around? B/c God knows I don't see myself compromising any of my life aspirations for anyone at this point (and maybe that's the problem, eh?). Though it's nice to be "unencumbered" at times, at other times it sucks some pretty fat, urlLink hemherroid-ridden ass . I mean, I *DO* actually have a good time going camping in urlLink Yosemite by myself (for example) - which absolutely horrifies some people. Alternatively, stick me in the corner with a urlLink book and I can bop till I drop. At other times, all I want is someone to share things with - whether it be feelings, experiences, joy, pain, whatever - it's the act of sharing that's important, it's the catharsis. I guess I want someone to care and listen, but I don't want to be beholden - is that an urlLink oxymoron ? As much as I say I have that with my friends, I do and I don't. Does anyone else ever wonder what your "friends" would think of you if they didn't get the "watered-down" version? I do, and I withdraw b/c most people can barely handle "fat kid light" - so I make the compromise to have some semblance of companionship - but how real is it, who am I fooling, and WHY?!? How shitty, huh. That was a rhetorical question. :b In any case, I don't know why I went off on that tangent. I must sound like a little bitch, but damn it all if shit doesn't build up in every one of us - I guess it just takes me longer to "let it out", as it goes. "The little one" would probably laugh that I have to vent to the internet. QED I guess, hah.

 Over at urlLink P's place - found a urlLink fun little article that it sounds like I could have written. Brought to you by urlLink The Onion , the favorite liberal mouth-piece of one urlLink Fat Kid . And for those of you who didn't know me in college, 1) thank your stars and 2) the paragraph that rang home follows: "In a healthy capitalist economy, some people are going to be out-competed," Knoep said. "I'm sorry, but some of those fuck-ups have fucked themselves. I am not condoning an anarchic 'fuck or be fucked' ethos, but I can hardly get behind a welfare state that punishes the unfucked by fucking all equally."

 This link just came across my desk, looks pretty worth while - urlLink VolunteerMatch , check it out.

 the old saying "look both ways before you cross the street". Driving in my work parking lot this AM, this old lady just about jumps in front of my car, lucky for both of us I was paying attention and waved her on. What bugged me was, even after she heard my brakes she only kind of glanced, still didn't even look to see what was going on.

 Looks like my Friendster pal, urlLink Chad , has been registered over at Truth Laid Bare's urlLink New Blog Showcase which appears to track links to articles. So, here's another to prop ya up in the ratings.

 So, I have to admit, I went to this thing not expecting much more than a 1) stay off it, 2) ice it and 3) come back in a week so I can charge your insurance another $200. Let's just say I was pleasantly surprised. First off, the guy who "runs the show" is an avid cyclist (like myself), a surfer, an MTB racer and many other things that I'm also into. So, he's cool shit. On top of that, he's also a very nice guy. That would have been enough to keep me satisfied, but no, he had the obligatory really really really cute girl working at the front desk. In any case, I'm sittin there chatting about how the injury occurred (my stupid ass pushing myself too hard - as usual), and he was having me walk around, probing the achilles and other shit. He sets me down to give me some ultrasound with some special anti-inflammatory gel. He looks at me, see's me checkin front desk girl out, and mentions, "Hey, why don't you come back here and help out Mr. Murphy with his ultrasound". WOOHOO! The "cool" factor of this guy just went up 10-fold. Hah. She comes over, starts preppin me, and we're just chattin away. Found out some fun stuff, but stupid me, I forgot to look for a friggin ring. Gahd-damn. In any case, real nice girl, real pretty and seemed pretty damn cool. Gotta make it a point to try and get her # next time I head back there. I'm usually shy about shit like that, but I gotta get over my stupidity at some point, right? Net net net, I'm catching the tendonitis at a very early stage, it hasn't yet traveled up the achilles itself, which would be a *very* bad thing (entailing surgery). Doc's got me on Vioxx, apparently some heavy anti-inflammatory prescription stuff. Stretch twice a day, ice twice a day, go easy on the tendon, I guess I can get some easy biking in (but no hills). I should be good to go in a couple weeks if I want to baby it. I'll keep you schmoes posted. Oh yeah, and keep your eyes posted tomorrow for a post on african ants. I saw a show tonight on these things that blew.my.mind. Heh.

 I shit you not, this appears to be a urlLink real story . What is *almost* more disturbing is the AIM conversation that the story prompted. (names erased to protect the guilty - but you know who you are you sick sick sick fuckers! LOL) [16:50] Pervert1: wth? they cant even come close to the lenght [sic] of a horses dick [16:50] Friend: what? [16:51] Pervert1: have you seen a horses dick in full eretion [sic]? [16:51] Friend: ... yeah? [16:51] Pervert1: its like 3-4 feet [16:51] Friend: ... yeah? [16:51] Pervert1: yeah [16:51] Friend: I dont follow you... [16:53] Friend: ? [16:53] Pervert1: a human dick wont go deep enough [16:53] Friend: for what? [16:53] Pervert1: wasnt that guy doing the horses/ [16:53] Pervert1: ? [16:53] Friend: yeah... not for the horses pleasure though! hahahahaha [16:53] Pervert1: true haha [16:53] Pervert1: didnt think about it that way ^ W.T.F part: II

 urlLink W.T.F. Thanks Thrak for the link! lol BTW, what is it with you and animal porn? Dirty south man, dirty south!

 Got my urlLink achilles checked out this morning. Damn. Yes, this is what pushing yourself for an 18-mile hike in Yosemite will do to you. 4-6 weeks of PT 3-4 times a week or something stupid. First day is tomorrow. :/

 urlLink Heh . Honestly, if someone is cleaning the toilet *next* to you, WHO IN GODS NAME PISSES ON THEM? Additionally, could you imagine walking in on the degenerate smearing feces on the wall? ROFLMAO File this under: People are sick, sick fucks.

 I'll admit, I'm no statistical genius here, but someone wanna re-read urlLink this AP poll and tell me what DOESN'T make sense. Hint: It's in the fourth paragraph. ;) Would someone please do the math there (I'm too lazy) and post up as to the percentage of liberals they "polled" vs. conservatives? My guess is something like 90/10 in order to get those kinds of results. Makes you wonder what is "actual" job performance satisfaction figures really look like.

 This interviewer is actually urlLink pretty good , it comes across to me like he's all, "I expect, and will not tolerate, your bullshit. Now answer the question." Dean, waffles and fluffs around a bit, but this guy sticks the question to him. And Dean, once again, sounds like an asshole. Heh.

 Two funny pics from urlLink this urlLink summer . I.love.boobs. Not as much as a nice ass or legs, but boobs are a wonderful thing.

 urlLink ef ?!?!?! This dirtball has been arrested urlLink 400 times and has had his drivers license suspended five times (for life!), and he's still urlLink out and about . urlLink Holy sweet mary .

 WARNING : These pictures are rather large - full resoultion on a urlLink 4 megapixel camera - basically not for the " urlLink bandwidth challenged ". Enjoy! Just gonna post a few of my more favorite pictures. This first pic is closer to the top of the trail I took, from "Upper Pines" Campground, past the two falls, then up John Muir to Half Dome. This is actually coming back down, and is of a urlLink nice wooded trail - #1 or #2 on my list of favorite pics. This second picture was also taken on the way down (as with all my pics) - close to one of the two falls (I forget which) was this scenic urlLink rock wall . Psh, whatever, I like it. :b Third pic is a layout of one of the falls - the urlLink frozen water on the side of the falls was pretty cool. I can just imagine the first freeze of the year for this, must be totally beautiful. The final picture I'm posting here is potentially my favorite. Interestingly enough this was taken on my drive OUT of the park on Saturday. I was paying more attention than I normally do and saw this urlLink serene river right off the side of the road, so I parked the car, jumped out, jumped a fence, and snapped this one. Came out pretty good IMO. All things considered, a kick ass trip. Froze my ass off, busted up my achilles on my 18 mile (round trip) hike up to, and back from Half Dome. The drive to and fro wasn't too bad, about 6 going up, 7 coming back. Net net net, already thinking of planning a summer trip. Though the cold didn't bother me so much as to not do another winter trip, 1) I'd like to bring someone with me next time, 2) I hear there's a better "party scene" in the summer and 3) I'd like to be able to go with less clothing (not 15 layers). Until then...

 Big. Sharp. Illegal.

 Another gem from urlLink Something Awful . Every once in a while I get in a mood where anything will make me laugh. Today is not one of those days. However, urlLink this article had me crying. Excerpts below: I'm sure in the 60's when the only form of TV entertainment was Hee-Haw, the moon landings were pretty exciting, but the only thing NASA has successfully done since then was to turn a teacher into an expensive firework and... Now with the recent launch of a billion dollar Battlebot on Mars that will probably get snagged on a Martian rock or smashed by a random hammer, we should really start asking ourselves, "Is it worth it?"

 This is a test to see if I can share urlLink cam phone pictures/audio with random people over the internet. UPDATE : Muahahahahaha! It works - expect more and more video-blogging to come. Fun fun fun.

 Today was day #3 of the computers being down. No file servers, no print servers, no work - for THREE DAYS. My co-workers are the biggest bunch of slackers - I think they spent the last couple days just shooting the shit in the hallways. Personally, I was taking the chance to re-organize and train analysts. Management was 500% pissed off at everyone just sitting around not doing anything, and even AFTER they came by and bitched people out for not working, as soon as they left, people just went back to what they were chatting about, like nothing happened. I swear, the work ethic here sucks. In any case, shit loads for me to catch up on, and looks like I'm heading out to Vegas next week for work AND play, which should be fun. More to come later. UPDATE : So, after two days down, we got the all the computers fixed. Turn them back on, good to go. Fast forward 3 hours "Turn your computers off, the virus is back. Some ASSHOLE opened the fucking virus A-GAIN! I left for the day.

 (which are all located in the malls, I might add) - I happen to catch a "Sharper Image" employee zipping around, on what later turns out to be... (duh duh duh!) a SEGWAY! First of these mofo's I've seen "live". Neat. Impractical, but neat. urlLink Weirdo on Segway

 September 2002, a truck makes a left hand turn in forn of me while I am riding my motorcycle. I ran into the side of the truck leading with my right elbow and it "exploded"...that's the technical term that my surgeon used anyhow, you know, smart, Doctor talk. So the elbow was put back together again by my kick ass Osteopathic Surgeon (Dr. Covarrubias) using bone putty, two pins and some wires. About 18 months later, time to get that hardware out of my body. It was a quick outpatient surgery that lasted about 40 minutes. In total, I got to the surgery center at 6:15am, into surgery at 7am, woke up from general anesth. at 7:40, in and out of sleep until about 8:45, up and dressed and out the door by 9am. After a big glass of OJ, a bagel and some coffee, off to bed for a 5 hour nap. :) IT was a fantastic, anesthetic and pain medication induced, dead to teh world drooling all over my pillow sleep. It was fantastic. I Should be able to function decently tomorrow. Modern medicine trips me out, it is absolutely amazing. Good stuff. urlLink P's arm pre surgery #2 urlLink P's arm post surgery #2 urlLink Shit removed from arm urlLink More shit removed from arm

 urlLink Check 'em out. urlLink Music here . urlLink Lyrics here .

 urlLink First paragraph says it all . Documents from Saddam Hussein's oil ministry reveal he used oil to bribe top French officials into opposing the imminent U.S.-led invasion of Iraq."

 I'm sure he'll be posting pictures later of the hardware they removed from his arm. But, urlLink Pat 's back - feeling a little tired, but no worse for wear. Looks like he was even able to goof on the docs trying to goof on him: IM convo: Pat: when i was waiting/getting prepped (IV in, etc) Pat: my surgeon walks in, waves and says Pat: So, what do w have this morning, sex change? Pat: i was like, yeah, make me a man Heh.

 Trace route: urlLink Instapundit > urlLink Black Five > urlLink Dan Drezner Looks like the press has "leaked" a potential "US Invasion" of Pakistan come spring, in order to catch/kill Bin Laden. Actually, less an "invasion", and more of a "presence", but moving on... These bloggers talk about a variety of items, the main theme being "the Sun Times shouldn't have reported this, they're endangering US soldiers lives". If it's true (that we're sending troops to Pakistan, then, yeah, I agree). OTOH maybe this throws me in the "conspiracy theory" camp, but maybe, just maybe, the gov't WANTS/REQUESTED that the Sun Times file this report - especially given the particularly canned response from the author of the article - as seen in urlLink Black Five's write up. Let's look at the situation: A US presence in Pakistan would be suicide for Musharraf. Check There have been attempts on Musharraf's life lately (two that I know of). Check These attacks (if not staged to garner more US support) scare the US. Check Musharraf has previously said that the US will not ever put troops on Paki soil. Check Going back on his word would discredit him among his military ranks. Check The military is the only "power" Musharraf has. Check We have a Presidential election coming up. Check OK, all those points argue *against* the placing any kind of projectible force on the ground in Pakistan IMVHO . However, with that General (too lazy to re-look up his name) making calls like "We'll have OBL before year end", and the assassination attempts as cover, maybe we already know where bin laden and his top lieutenants are. We know we can't go in and full-on get him b/c of the tribal presences in that region, so who's to say we don't just send some Spec Ops guys in to scare a few AQ feebs who'll report back to "the boss", get OBL thinkin the cavalry is right over the horizon and flush him out where we hit him with a MOAB or something. Heh. Sounds like that would be a classic play, and much more in sync with where military strategy (what I can make of it) is headed - heavier reliance on psy- and spec-ops . Guys like Rummy and Wolfowitz would just assume overthrow governments (or whatever) with as few troops/presence as possible (as we saw in Iraq - supply lines stretched thin, heavier reliance on SpecOp forces on the ground, etc.). The cost (in lives, $$, morale) of moving large groups of troops around is burdensome, as we've also seen in Iraq "aftermath". I simply cannot see our strategists making a dumb move like this.

 IM convo from about 2 seconds ago: MikeB: dude...my boss was telling me today how he used to work in a prison. he said that the inmates used to fold a matress in half with a glove filled with lub of some sort in the middle.....then they would proceed to bang it. They called this contracption a "Suzy" MikeB: i will fold you in half and put a glove in the middle of you is what i am getting at MikeB: and call you suzy ROFLMAO

 urlLink Here's one . This guy was a card-carrying member of the PLO - even tried to kill an Israeli soldier once - then saw "the light", and just how ignorant he was. Now, his family members want to kill him.

 So, I'm sitting at work reviewing this new form one of our investors requires borrowers sign, in order to get a loan. Check how they word this: Have you ever been identified, or are you presently identified, on the list of specifically designated nationals and blocked persons subject to financial sanctions that is maintained by the U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Assets Control? For those of you who don't know what that means, they're flat out asking if you are a terrorist! LOL - Awesome.

 WTF. All I know is if that hippy tried to touch me (let alone tackle me), he'd get " urlLink five across the eyes " and it urlLink wouldn't be pretty .

 $5 says you will NEVER see urlLink this movie at Blockbuster. urlLink Trailer here . File this under: "PFD" (pretty fucking disturbing) and/or "Holy shit that's evil".

 After waiting about 45 minutes in the "ready room", I approached the woman at the front desk to tell her that next time I call, and they tell me I can see the doc "right away", I'd request they keep their promise. Oops. Apparently they forgot about me. Doc shows up, I explain the symptoms, tell him about the rash etc etc. They do a throat culture, get the results back 5 minutes later - not strep. Hmm. Given the onset and extent of the rash, Doc feels I've got a "very aggressive throt infection" - prescription: 5 day zithromax and cortisone for the rash. Sweet. So, here I am today, working from home. Very un-exciting stuff, at least I can run around in my underwear all day. Or at least until P or L come home. hehe.

 JIC you didn't read the title, urlLink this link is not safe for work . A few things: 1) God bless urlLink Norway . 2) urlLink This urlLink guys urlLink wife , is literally, one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen on the internet. And that's sayin something. 3) Maybe you've heard of Perfect 10 the magazine, well, the girls on this site make those girls look like the urlLink 90 year old toothless homeless woman on the street corner. and finally 4) God bless urlLink Norway .

 Neat. urlLink create your own visited states map or urlLink write about it on the open travel guide

 So, yeah, I think I'm 99% sure I've got strep throat. Within 24 hours of my throat starting to feel crummy, I break out in this rash that's slowly spreading across my body. Sweet. Personally, I'd never heard of getting a rash w/ strep throat (until a couple weeks ago), so I hope I don't have SARS or some shit. :-/ I mention "a few weeks ago" b/c my gf had this same thing (rash w/ strep), thanks babe! lol, KIDDING ! But, I'm going to the doc tomorrow. urlLink Bleh .

 urlLink I.can't.dance. Some of the best "popping" I've ever seen. This 'ish is NUTS.

 urlLink More to follow . I've got a friend "re-sizing" my .avi files so they are manageable on this blog - right now they're 8 and 9 megs respectively. Oof. Notably, that was urlLink this , with two mods: 1) lefty config (safety/de-cocker moved to opposite side) 2) match trigger (reduces trigger pull, and adds adjustable trigger mech for faster double-taps) Three notes: 1) You're gonna need urlLink Quick Time to view that vid 2) The shitty quality is due to that clip being shot from the video camera on urlLink my cell phone . 3) Never mind the "Howard-Deanesque" yelp at the end. I don't know who the fuck that crazy kid is anyway. Hah. ;) UPDATE: Yet another pic - what a urlLink fun table , eh? From bottom to top those are a pre-ban AK-47 (my favorite), my .45, and that not-so-fat-kid is shooting a urlLink savage arms .223 , outfitted with a police-issue sniper barrel and sniper scope. For reference, one guy was hitting 9" balloons at 300 (laser ranged) yards, in 25+ mph winds, on his first shot with that firearm. Evil. Simply evil.

 Who needs urlLink colonics , when we have urlLink mexican food ? Mental note: No more mexican for lunch, my stomach is doing the damn urlLink cha-cha .

 And I'm still shaking. Let's just say I haven't been in the gym in at least a solid two months. Went back last night with my buddy who's a trainer, and he beat on me for a solid two hours. oof. Chest and tri's. Two hours. Count 'em folks - 120 minutes. Ug. In any case, the simple act of typing on the computer has got me shakey, let alone doing anything else I have to do today. Good stuff. I would be going back for back, shoulders and bi's tonight, but I've got dinner with a buddy who just got back from Iraq, that I also grew up with back east. And, uh, P, I gotta see if we can potentially get another ticket to that comedy show tonight. Hehe.

 That my blog shows up on. urlLink I get the funny feeling you might be having guy troubles . LOL

 urlLink Economists Say Recession Started in 2000: "'Presidents don't have so much to do, in my opinion, with when recessions start,' Zarnowitz said. 'Clearly the boom happened under Clinton, and the boom generates the bust. And no administration has the power to change that.'" So much for the "blame the economy on bush" crowd. Sorry cocksnugglers.

 So, I was all excited about being able to take pictures off my computer and send them to my phone. Got two pictures done, then the service mysteriously stopped working. Shit. Have sent 2-3 emails to the guy who created the uploader, have yet to get a response. So, I called sprint, and reported this "data error 907" - sat on hold for 20 minutes, then got some guy who sort of knew what he was talking about. I explained to him what I was doing, only to have him tell me that Sprint has "blocked" that site, b/c of potential copyright infringement. What the fuck?!? Apparently if I take a picture of a copyrighted picture with my phone and start passing it around with my phone, Sprint is somehow liable for that. Sounds like some sort of Kazaa type shit, which is also garbage. But, thats not what I'm doing. I'm taking pictures with MY DAMN CAMERA and want to upload them to MY DAMN PHONE . What the flying fuck is the problem with this?!?! As much as I can't argue with the guy (he's an IT peon answering phones) I DO think it's complete bullshit that if I take pictures on my own personal camera and want to put them on my cell phone, that sprint is telling me that I can't - b/c that is EXACTLY what's going on here. Weak.fucking.sauce.

 At least of the last 10 minutes: There's nothing funny about Garfield. Every single comic starts out the same: Garfield sits around being fat, he eats all the food, and his ambiguously gay owner yells at him: The cat eats food. Alright, WE GET IT. Move on. Then as if to piss all over our better judgement, Davis has received the National Cartoonist Society: Best Humor award. Twice. Garfield gets awarded for humor and "Family Guy" keeps getting canceled faster than a baby at Planned Parenthood. That reminds me of how much I hate babies. Why does everyone want to save them? There are too many babies. I'm not saying we should kill them, but if you happen to be giving your baby a bath and the phone rings.. well, nobody will judge you. Besides, you might get free brownies out of it at the funeral, and brownies rule

 My buddy just referred me to this site for a urlLink Sprint PCS Vision File Uploader . So, if you've got a sprint phone, and want to take pics from your computer and send them to your phone, you can now do it for free. Ef paying sprint $5/month or Yahoo! $10/month. This thing takes your pictures and sends you an SMS message with a link to your pic, then you simply DL it! KICK ASS! Thanks Finn!

 urlLink They like Bush, and they are not stupid . Headline says it all folks. I'm no sap, but this article choked me up.

 urlLink This guy rocks out with his cock out. How he manages to keep his composure getting some of these completely ignorant asshatted responses is beyond me. In any case, this urlLink whole video is pretty boring, up until the very last comment - where I couldn't decide whether I should 1) laugh 2) cry or 3) take urlLink my HK and go hunt the guy down and shoot him in the stomach.

 These urlLink glasses are being marketed as a lie-detector, but read up on some of the other neat uses, and let your imagination run wild. It's like a magic truth syrum, just ask the right question... very very very cool.

 I'm literally crying after watching this video urlLink of Howard Dean in a full on tirade . And, on a more serious note: Who's next? I'm 99% convinced that I don't have to do any more Dean bashing, b/c, let's admit it folks, in order to win the presidency, you have to win the heart lands - Dean's urlLink rash of blow ups , combined with his urlLink anxiety attacks when presented with responsibility are just going to see more and more light as time (and this "race") march along. I'm kind of thinking Kerry is the new front runner, regardless that he won the Iowa thing. With Clark starting to bash Kerry's military record we should see some more mud-slinging from the Kerry camp, but I think Kerry will come out ahead. His potential waffling points are his support (and subsequent) for UN Resolution 1441, which he has since back tracked on, being so easily "duped" by our President. My questions is, if our President can dupe him, how hard is it going to be for the Chinese or the Koreans? Bzzt - Wrong answer Haughty French Looking Guy from Massachusetts who, by the way, also served in Vietnam. I guess Clark could come out and lead some polls, but the guy's too much of an idiot to do much permanent damage. Plus, he got fucking FIRED from the UN's top position after he tried to start WW3 with the Russians. I'm sure we'll be hearing more about that in the coming weeks. Honestly, I dont know much about the other candidates, which probably means they won't win. Hmph. It is interesting noticing how the media is approaching all the "press reactions" - they really DO want a horse race.

 Big thanks to Johvan for diggin through my code to figure out that I'm an idiot. Hah! Looks like titles for blogs in my blogroll can't be more than 8 words. And if they are, well, your blog roll suicides itself. Hmph. In any case, light blogging lately for a number of reasons. Too much shit to do at work, too much shit to do at home, and the weather's been too damn nice to spend much time inside. I would be posting more pics from my kick ass camera phone - if the sprint whore-gods weren't trying to charge me an extra $5 / month for the priveledge. I'm still gonna sign up for it, b/c it's fun, but it's pretty shitty of them to give you the service free for like 2 FUCKING DAYS then just cut it off like that. Weak sauce. Hope all is well with all you guys. If any of you have "blog banners" that you'd like me to link to, email them to me. Johvan showed me how to set one up - so "Milblogs" is my first.

 This time, hosted by urlLink Haloscan , which seems like a cool enough site, minus the fact they have some shit-dick advertising on their front page (something about not enough "hate bush" bumper stickers in America. In any case, they say I shouldn't have lost any comments, so I'll have to go check that out. I'm also interested to see how the GUI is with this new program - it's a LOT less customizable than Blogspeak ever was. Not that I used the customization, but, you know, if I had a good looking blog I might have been interested. Heh.

 A urlLink new fandangled stimulator for your "hard to stimulate" woman. Heh. Only $139.99. Maybe I should import these things to the US - should work great for all the lazy slob guys out there, "Here honey, hook yourself up to this car battery/jumper cable get up - I'll be back in 20 minutes when you're 'warmed up'". LOL. File this under: Too lazy to fuck.

 urlLink Al Gore's Speech on Bush and the Environment is Demagoguery . Hah. This guy systematically shreds Mr. Gore's "Global Warming" policy speech, made in NYC earlier today. Awesome. UPDATE: Realizing not too many people know what a " urlLink demagogue " is.

 That was from a NoFX song, but urlLink this is just fucking funny. Thanks Thrak!

 Is it just me, or does urlLink nobody urlLink give urlLink a urlLink fuck ?

 Well, doesn't look like I'll be going to urlLink Brazil any time soon. Apparently these tools don't realize that THEY have a problem, and we're trying to protect ourselves from it. Maybe if their government wasn't so effing corrupt (or could manage their finances) they wouldn't be so bent about being our perverbial "bitch". No tourist dollars from this gringo will be going to Brazil - that's for DAMN sure. UPDATE: Found a picture of urlLink the pilot . Gobbless him.

 Well, since Chad is off and busy doing "Army Stuff", I guess I might have to fill in with some random camera phone photos (now that I've got one). If only I took public transportation, I'd have a lot more entertaining shots - for now, you're gonna have to deal with shots from my commute. lol. UPDATE: Ew, I just realized that shit brown layer on the horizon, is smog. Oof - welcome to CA.

 urlLink Oh.my.God . Further proof that there is no God, and that some people simply deserve to be summarily executed. File this under: Where the fuck is PETA when you need 'em? UPDATE: urlLink OWNED

 Check urlLink this thing out. 30 second vid clips Zoom-able camera Walkie talkie shit BLACK urlLink Uber-cool .

 My cell phone just committed hari-kari mid-call to my friend who I haven't talked to in 4 months, and is going back to Iraq (second time) in a month. Fuck. I'm off to go get ass-raped at best buy for a new phone. Fun.

 Just got put in charge of our team for the next 3 days while all the "team leaders" are out of te office! This, over the "more experienced" underwriter we pulled from Freddie Mac. My team leader just yanked me in his office, and gave me the speech: "You're the most experienced person on this team, there are a lot of things you know that I don't even know. I'm leaving you in charge of everyone - I'm instructing them, if they have any questions, to come to you first." Fuck yeah bitches! Hahahah. This, after I set my goal of getting more management experience this year, and with the hope of a seque to "team leader" within the next 6-9 months. I'm.fucking. STOKED !

 Shamelessly poached from urlLink Allah , here is urlLink a kick ass article about the GOP's "grass roots" man - Grover Norquist. Very interesting stuff, if you analyze the techniques he's applying to politital strategy. Plus, I gotta admire any guy that can work 18 hours a day. Insane.

 Well folks, urlLink this explains why my comments aren't working. Wicked pissa. If anyone has "alternative" suggestions for free "comments" providers, which are newb friendly, please advise. Email would be the best route: musingsofafatkid @ yahoo. Thanks!

 This urlLink link got IMed to me at work today. Quite possibly the most pleasantly surprising IM I've ever gotten. Again, note the NSFW title of this post. Technically it isn't, but, it is. You'll know what I'm talking about later.

 Looks like Mango urlLink made his own compu-der . Good shit, looks pretty damn evil too. I was tryin to figure out just how much memory he's got on that thing - is it a terabyte that's the next step up from a gigabyte? If so, Dave's got over a quarter terabyte on that thing - lmao. WTF.

 urlLink Great post over at dogtulosba. Chad's leaving for "active duty" service tomorrow. All of me over at MOFK wish you the best of luck, and ask that you don't forget about the (not so) little people! Kick ass man, and keep in touch.

 Just back from the 2nd MTB ride this weekend. Let's just say it's been a weekend of pretty bad luck. Yesterday, within 1/4 mile of the parking lot (on the way back) my buddy took a digger on about a 25 mph downhill right hander. Fortunately, he wasn't injured, no blood, no mess - however, 5 minutes later, when we got to the car, what do I see but a fucking $64 parking ticket on my windshield. Shit. I had the $5 in my pocket to get the sticker, and simply forgot. Booo. Then, today, out for a nice ride - I went up this long mother fucker hill the fastest I ever have. You know those times when you're working so hard you want to puke? Yeah, that was me, half way up. Heh. Kept going though, suffered it out and kicked some ass. Good times. Then, on the way down another trail, I've got these new tubeless tires, so I'm getting used to what the tread can and cannot handle, and apparently the tires couldn't handle this one, loose, off camber turn at the speed I was carrying, so they shot me wide. Into a cactus. Hahahahah. My left ring finger is nice and swollen, and had about 15 inch long needles sticking out of it, my left knee caught some too, with about the same number of needles. Heh. Picking those things out is a bitch. Well, hope everyone's having a great weekend. For all you east coast bitches, it's about 75 deg out here, and sunny. Heard wind chill back home was negative 18 the other day - LMAO.

 Let me just say: I.work.with.trolls. I'm seriously conflicted here folks. I could give you access to this album, and you would (guaranteed) laugh your balls off. Then again, 1) you'd get to see what I look like and 2) I'm not sure how stoked the people I work with would be getting their faces spread all over the 'net. Help me decide! lol

 I'm num-ber two, I'm num-ber two! That means, only one more spot to go on my " Howard Dean is a douche " countdown, before I'm #1! urlLink Check it .

 Granted, security cameras take pictures every other second or something, but still, this is urlLink one fast punch . Sucks to be that chick.

 urlLink Linky here .

 Got up at 0600 this morning to go for a bike ride. Had my first bout of "second thoughts" as soon as I stepped outside and felt a 30-some odd degree day. Damn. Got my shit together, got psyched up and took the Epic out. Did about a 7-8 mile loop, which consisted of a solid couple mile climb (at least it felt like it - the climb was 90% of the time of the ride - 45 minutes). Most of you know I live in SoCal (and if you didn't, you've now seen the light) - well folks, there was ICE on the road. Where ever there was water run off from sprinkers - ice, water in the gutters down the hill - ice. Holy shit. Of course, as soon as the sun came up, it went away, but not before then. lol Gonna try and keep this up - I desperately need to modify my sleep cycle from this "go to bed at 2, wake up (painfully) at 7" which is exhausting. Getting to sleep at 10 last night was kind of difficult, but I think I can ease into it. :)

 Happy Birthday ya bum! Rum's on me next time we meet up!

 Granted, a bunch of euro-weenies from the laughable International Monetary Fund (IMF) came up with urlLink this report , but if there is any truth to the below quote.... we're fucked: "But the IMF researchers said that won't be enough to address the government's long-term fiscal problems - including financing the Social Security and Medicare programs over the next 75 years. In their report, they said the government faces a $47 trillion shortfall in its ability to pay for those and all other long-term obligations. Closing that gap would require 'an immediate and permanent' federal tax increase of 60% or a 50% cut in Social Security and Medicare benefits. " File this under: Ouch.

 For those of you who don't know me, I'm a big effing PS2 RPG dork (playstation 2 role-playing game). My favorite being urlLink Final Fantasy X - which I spent about 244 logged hours playing. You can beat the game (and I did) in about 100 - and I played an additional 144 hours of "getting extra shit". (Which I never did complete I might add) For instance, just look at all the shit they have over at urlLink GameFAQs , for FFX. Jeesus. In any case, I went out and bought the one true sequel in the Final Fantasy series - urlLink FFX-2 and O.M.F.G. am I in a world of trouble. Every time you get one of these games you have to learn a whole new interface, and all the other bullshit that goes along with a new game. Typically it takes me anywhere between 10 minutes (for most games) to 4-5 hours with the FF series games to get decent at handling the characters and figuring shit out intuitively. This game is giving me urlLink aneurisms . Not so much from the complexity to do stuff, b/c I think I've got that figured out, but there are literally ENDLESS possibilities as to how you can build your characters up. My jaw dropped when I finally started getting a feel for how layered the game is going to be. Keep in mind I've only got about an hour of "play time" in it. From what I can tell so far, the game looks pretty badass. Great graphics, interesting concept (if you played FFX1) and whatever else you could ask for. The only downside is the 10 second lag between scene changes. Anyone know if you can get RAM upgrades for PS2's? Seriously. I've come to the conclusion that, yes, I really am a dork. Hah.

 It's so refreshing to see this guy urlLink stuff his cock in the face of european economists , fully knowing his track record (and philosophy) beats the pants off theirs. Hah.

 Click away! urlLink Howard Dean is a douche urlLink Howard Dean is a douche urlLink Howard Dean is a douche urlLink Howard Dean is a douche urlLink Howard Dean is a douche urlLink Howard Dean is a douche urlLink Howard Dean is a douche urlLink Howard Dean is a douche urlLink Howard Dean is a douche urlLink Howard Dean is a douche urlLink Howard Dean is a douche urlLink Howard Dean is a douche urlLink Howard Dean is a douche urlLink Howard Dean is a douche urlLink Howard Dean is a douche urlLink Howard Dean is a douche

 Seems like he's more concerned with keeping his gubernatorial records safe than urlLink security plans for his states nuclear reactor . LOL. The more shit that comes about about him, the more he looks like a babe lost in the woods. Say it with me folks (lemme feeeeeeel the love): Howard Dean is a douche . UPDATE: In fact, it doesn't sound like urlLink any of them have the slightest clue what they're talking about. Laugh or cry, laugh or cry, laugh or cry - help me decide.

 Looks like my man Chad, over at urlLink dogtulosba, ink. has only got 5 more days before he goes "active" in the Army. Sorry that I'm just catchin this now Chad, never really waited for that counter to load. :/ In any case, best of luck to ya. I'd have to imagine you'll be pretty busy for a while, but inquiring minds want to know, will you continue to blog? I sure hope so. And, forgot to mention, I met some funny liberals from Seattle when I was back in NYC. Lemme tell you, they simply LOVED the fact I was a member of the NRA, owned a hand gun, think Howard Dean is a douche bag, Clinton is scum, Bush is a damn fine President and I don't think anyone else has a right to my hard earned money. Great dinner conversation. lol

 This guy must've been REALLY urlLink shit-faced . How, in the process of moving your car 10 yards , do you cause 150,000 pounds of damage, and flip another car on its' roof? LOL.

 For those of you who don't read this guys site, start. It friggin cracks me up. I'd love to link every article, but then I'd just be some lame mirror site. Heh. urlLink Dean's Favorite New Testament Book is Bhagavad-Gita (an offshoot of my "Howard Dean is a Douche" campaign) urlLink U.S. Begins Hoofprinting Canadian Cows at Border - and this is just silly... ... ... or is it? Terrorist cows, I've seen stranger things.

 This an excerpt from today's edition of urlLink Nealz Nuze regarding Bush's (what I hope will be still-born) plan regarding the potential legalization of illegal immigrants - a proposed amnesty program in essence. Overall, a bad idea. And speaking of votes, my friends. Did you know that there are many areas in this country where non-citizens can vote? It all started with local school board elections. Apologists for the non-citizens will argue "they're sending their children to our public schools, they should have a right to vote in school board elections." Next will be "well, they're working here and paying taxes, so they should have a right to vote in local elections." The final move will be "hey, they're paying income taxes. They're contributing to our economy. They should have a right to vote in federal elections. Slippery slope, yeah. Slippery slope fallacy, maybe not. Those of us in CA witnessed Gray Davis' last minute "olive branch" to minority voters with his "drivers licenses for illegals" campaign - and it actually (interestingly) backfired on him. The people who immigrated here LEGALLY don't want their hard-earned tax dollars going to illegal immigrants. Why should I feel any different? In any case, something definitely has to be done about the sheer number of illegals here. Immigration is a great thing, but, like with everything else, in moderation. The real point boils down to (in my mind) - if you're going to come here, take advantage of our system, at least go through the proper channels. Sneaking over the border, then claiming that you're entitled to all sorts of bullshit is beyond the pale in my book.

 First off, let me say that I love direct flights . OK, done. LAX to Beantown in just about 5.5 hours - not too shabby - minus my urlLink DOUCHEBAG pilot, which is worth mentioning. So, context first, right? 1) Recent upgrade to " urlLink Code Orange " 2) Cancelled flights out of urlLink Paris and urlLink England . 3) Morning news flash that cars were not allowed into LAX due to concerns regarding terrorist threats OK, mood is set. 99% of the flight was un-eventful, until the final approach to Boston. Pilot comes on the PA, announcing that we're in a holding pattern due to an un-market flight traveling up and down the eastern seaboard, who has been "wreaking havoc with air traffic controllers all evening". Oh. Fuck. Of course I start looking for the first middle-eastern asshole on the flight to see who I'm going to have to kill. In any case, next thing you know, the pilot yells "HERE HE COMES!" and jerks the plane right, then a quick left. I shit you not. Must've been a 75 ft lateral move, then correction. I looked out the window so fast I almost got fucking WHIPLASH. Pilot back on the intercom, "Well folks, that was a close call, looks like that guy only had one running light on - a red one - right in front". Fucking Santa Clause. This asshole thought that was gonna be a funny joke. *shakes head* Now, back to the weather fat kid. Guess I got lucky (a few weeks ago Boston had 18" of snow or some shit) b/c the weather was about 60 for the first few days I was around. As you can see from the urlLink pictures in this post , the weather was a little overcast, but pretty damn nice. I spent most of my time at home just readin and shootin the shit with the 'rents. Total book tally for week 1 was four I think: 1) urlLink Welcome to the Monkey House . Favorite story was, "Harrison Bergeron". You know it's gonna be good when the story's opening paragraph starts: "The year was 2081, and everybody was finally equal. They weren't only equal before God and the law. They were equal every which way. Nobody was smarter than anybody else. Nobody was better looking than anybody else. Nobody was stronger or quicker than anybody else. All this equality was due to the 211th, 212th and 213 Amendments to the Constitution, and to the unceasing vigilence of agents o fthe United States Handicapper General." Hah! Soooo badass.... 2) urlLink Every Second Counts . I think Lance Armstrong is the most bad-ass athlete of our AGE, let alone the gay-ass "Sportsman of the Year" award SI heaps on him whenever A-Rod is having a bad day. For you doubters out there, try holding his AVERAGE speed for 2,500 miles through the alps pyrenees etc, for one hour. $5 says you can't. 3) urlLink The Davinci Code . Cool book my 'rents recommended. Some interesting shit questioning the foundation for the Catholic Church, which is always entertaining. 4) urlLink From a Buick 8 . A recent work of Stephen King (the master), which, frankly, sucked ass. I'm a HUGE fan of the Dark Tower series, and considering 90% of EVERYTHING King has ever written is "part" of that series, I'm a big fan of most everything he writes. This book was not, though that wasn't the only reason it sucked. So, in between reading all these books, the only time spent with college friends was @ a house-warming/holiday party for my good friend Doug. Met up with a few folks I hadn't seen pretty much since Dougs wedding, about 18 months ago. :/ Good times, and the urlLink Harpoon Winter Warmer was flowing (the best damn beer on the market FYI). The next night I actually got out for an awesome dinner in urlLink Bostons "North End" - the "ital" part of town. Had a pretty kick ass salmon dish at that, though the mussels were a little lacking. Not much between then and new years in NYC. Highlights of NYC were my buddy Rob hooking up with this (I swear to God) urlLink Denise Richards look alike - she wasn't *actually* a look alike, b/c that would be tacky, but this chick was HOT, and resembled her something FIERCE. Good shit. OK, yeah, that was a bad link, but how hot is the pic? Heh. Here's a urlLink better face shot . *sighs* Not much to report after that besides my contracting a cold, and an uneventful flight back home. I won't bore ya with details folks, but let's just say, I'm glad to be back in sunny/warm SoCal. Catch you tramps around.

 Looks like china is planning on urlLink euthanizing over 10,000 "cats" in order to stem the spread of SARS. Where's the outrage, why isn't urlLink PETA staging protests on the mainland? File this under: The pesky "freedom of speech" thing. Update: Thanks Chad - lol. That sure is a lotta pussy. Heh.

 Some pictures from my hometown, taken Christmas Day. Effing breathtaking. All images have been resized to 50% to save space. urlLink The coastline . urlLink Marblehead lobster . urlLink Sunset . urlLink And another sunset .

 (In one piece I might add.) I'll have to admit - I didn't get a post in yesterday for a few reasons. The first being I'd rather hang out with my gf, heh. The second being, so much went on, I have no idea where to start. So, for all you waiting with baited breath, expect probably a flurry of posts throughout the day. For, it looks like work isn't going to be as busy as I expect (I just jinxed it, I know) and putting together one post would tax your fragile little brains. UPDATE: Holy effing shit. I kid you not. I stopped typing that LAST sentence b/c someone came into my office. Only to drop off 1/2 the shit I've been missing for the last 2 weeks. lol. Given the current conditions, expect periodic blogging with light subject fare, maybe a few pics. Heh.

 urlLink Index of /tww-closings/ TV station allows anyone to report business closings due to snow storm, broadcasts them on the news. Hilarity ensues Thanks to Sassarian for the link! urlLink R. Kelly ROFL. urlLink Cecil's cock ring emporium .

 While I'm on the subject of guns... urlLink where do I get one of these !!

 Looks like the "younger generation" of Chinese leaders are urlLink climbing on the US dictated non-proliferation approach to N. Korea. Of course, it has nothing to do with the embarrasing details mentioned therein (the Chinese complicity with "rogue regimes" to provide nuclear technology), which, in turn has no connection to the Pakistani connections, or the documents found on Saddams body, which means it certainly didn't stem from our invasion of Iraq, which was clearly illegal and the worst thing in the world for the US to have done. Say it with me folks, liberals.are.idiots .

 I'm not Jewish, but I support Israel. So much for the urlLink Adbusters conspiracy theory. File this under: Anti-semitism watch upgraded to status: Yellow.

 Funny, only b/c I *just* had this conversation with my ultra-liberal boss, who is btw gay (so he's bent about Bush's speech), and his sentiments echo'd (to the T) the findings of this report. urlLink FrontPage magazine.com "After all, Americans are wrong to see terrorism as a fourth-place issue. Education or the economy or health care won't knock down buildings and kill 3,000 people. Terrorism will. It is the result of Bush's vigilance that we are all fat and happy enough to see optional issues as more important than the national preservation that terrorism places at risk ." Emphasis mine. File this under: My rapidly dwindling faith in humanity -OR- The repurcussions of the ADD generation. Fuck.

 Since when does a speech by President Bush make urlLink headline news on CNN . Bullshit. And it enrages me that much more that this is just one more achilles heel (on top of the debt and the economy). Bush has gotta get his head out of his ass on these issues, or he is in for some stiff competition from people who don't even deserve to be IN the "big show", let alone competing for the job. This does, however, present the President with an opportunity to reconcile with the American Public. From everything I'm reading online, and people I'm talking to in person, there is HUGE back-lash against this proposed constitutional amendment against gay marriage. Shitloads more info over at urlLink Andrew Sullivan - I highly suggest you go inform yourself. This may be the final straw.

 The most powerful man in the world urlLink just took a shit on my chest . For those of you who aren't in the know, I'm a mortgage banker. We basically are glorified correspondents for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. We perform all the due diligence for loans on apartment complexes, then securitize them into urlLink commercial mortgage backed securities (bonds). The re-payment of principal and interest of which is "guaranteed" by Fannie or Freddie - meaning, yields on loans are driven down b/c Fannie/Freddie have the implicit guaranty of the government (AAA rated, lower borrowing costs). Net effect being Joe Schmoe might have an ass credit rating, but he can get a great interest rate if he has a good property in decent shape in a good market etc etc. All in all, a great deal for the borrower. A lot has been going on the last few years w/r/t this "implicit guaranty" by the Federal Government. Technically, Fannie and Freddie are public companies (traded over the exchanges) so they aren't really governmental organizations. The argument against them goes, they have an "unfair advantage" b/c they can lend at lower interest rates forcing competition (GMAC etc) out of the market. These guys (GMAC et al) have been dogging Federal regulators to disassociate themselves with Fannie/Freddie to make the competitive landscape more even. The problem is, politically and economically, Fannie and Freddie are the TWO 800-lb gorillas. In order for ANYTHING to happen to their GSE (Government Sponsored Entity) status, Alan Greenspan would have to say something, as no elected official (even the President) would be willing to put the kaibosh on a MULTI-TRILLION dollar industry. Now, what's left for me to determine is whether or not I should consider this writing on the wall. UPDATE: Fannie and Freddie urlLink respond .

 urlLink Whoa .

 [co-worker brushing teeth] "God, I gotta wash the taste of dick out of my mouth" Name withheld to protect the guilty.

 The Washington Times has a urlLink great piece on our friend "Rummy". I swear, one of these days, I've gotta go read his biography - Rumsfeld kicks total ass.

 My buddy Aaron turned 23 last night, so a bunch of us went out to Benihana's, the to urlLink Club Rubber . Very fun night. Aaron sent me these this AM, they turned out pretty good. Said "Fat Kid" Sake bomb!! It was supposed to be a "white trash" party, but only two of us "dressed up". Suckers. Heh. Lisa, Aaron's friend. Yeah. Who took this pic, right? What a cute couple. Awwwwww.

 The guy from urlLink this site peruses the internet searching for terrorist message boards/sites/whatever - then posts all the public information he can find about them, and has them shut down . Fucking awesome . I'm heading back to donate now.

 Totally.fucking.retarded. urlLink House votes for ignition interlocks on every vehicle . Where the fuck is the ACLU when you need 'em? Bullshit.

 Until I found this magnificent vehicle parked next to my truck:

 ...the one-eyed man is King. I like that.

 Specs: urlLink Dimension 8300 Series,Intel urlLink Pentium 4 Processor at 3.0GHz w/HT Technology and 1MB cache 256MB DDR at 400MHZ to at least 500 megs (maybe a gig) of DDR RAM 17IN(16.0IN VIS)E773c Monitor ? 128MB DDR NVidia GeForce FX 5200 graphics card 120GB Serial ATA Hard Drive (7200 RPM) Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition,Service Pack 1,English 8X DVD+R/RW CD-RW Combination Drive 16X DVD-Rom Drive

 Mission: urlLink Accomplished .

 urlLink Un urlLink Dos urlLink Tres Ole ole ole! Looks like the US is (finally) starting to put the screws to Pakistan. Between approving Israeli sales of ABM radars to neutralize the Paki nuclear threat, to gently urlLink suaging Musharraf to crack down on Osama - the price is clear and the stakes are high. The endgame is near. I believe it was urlLink Churchill who said: "The Americans will always do the right thing... after they've exhausted all the alternatives." -- Winston Churchill

 Just in case you're the last person in.the.world who hasn't seen urlLink this flash animation - it rules. Fucking kangaroos.

 I don't make this stuff. urlLink STFU - safe for work, just turn the volume down (but up enough that you can hear it).

 Back to Iraq for round #2.

 I used to be on a triathlon team with this guy. ++++++++++++++ A quick story about Spence in Afghanistan. From Afghanistan, Story of the week: So we are up in the mountains at about 0100 hrs looking for a bad guy that we thought was in the area. Here are ten of us, pitch black, crystal clear night, about 25 degrees. We know there are bad guys in the area, a few shots have been fired but no big deal. We decide that we need air cover and the only thing in the area is a solo B-1 bomber. He flies around at about 20,000 feet and tells us there is nothing in the area. He then asks if we would like a low level show of force. Stupid question. Of course we tell him yes. The controller who is attached to the team then is heard talking to the pilot. Pilot asks if we want it subsonic or supersonic. Very stupid question. Pilot advises he is twenty miles out and stand by. The controller gets us all sitting down in a line and points out the proper location. You have to picture this. Pitch black, ten killers sitting down, dead quiet and overlooking this about 30 mile long valley. All of a sudden, way out (below our level) you see a set of four 200' white flames coming at us. The controller says, "Ah-- guys-- you might want to plug your ears". Faster than you can think a B-1, supersonic, 1000' over our heads, blasts the sound barrier and it feels like God just hit you in the head with a hammer". He then stands it straight up with 4 white trails of flame coming out and disappears. Cost of gas for that: Probably $50,000 Hearing damage: For certain Bunch of ragheads thinking twice about shooting at us: Priceless

 Damn them to hell! I've recently been trying to increase my site traffic by posting comments to various "big" blogs with various successes. However, I have noticed the amount of Spam coming into my delegated email box has fucking SKYROCKETED. Grrr. It pretty much sucks that I'm relegated to having to change my email address in any post I make to: mmurphy_00@NOSPAMyahoo.com. Anyone got a better solution for me?

 Anyone else remember " urlLink Solid Gold "? God only knows what made me remember that show - I was talkin to a buddy about urlLink Triumph the Insult Comic Dog starting some international incident , and next thing I knew I brought up urlLink Dionne Warwick . The real question is: how many AIDS deaths in urlLink this picture ?

 Props to urlLink Mango for the link, and urlLink Hunter S. Thompson for the title. B/t/w, if you ride a motorcycle, and haven't read the " urlLink sausage creature " article, do. Alternatively (if you've never ridden a motorcycle), 1) shame on you and 2) you might not find the article so funny. We think urlLink this evil crash (rt. click, save as) is from the urlLink Isle of Man race, held annually over in Jolly old England. That race is on a "street course" - with one reknown turn, where the only correct line around a corner (at 150+ mph) - you have to duck your head against the bike, or else the cobblestone wall rips it off. Evil.

 Yeah, I'd be " urlLink horrified " too. I guess you could make a bad joke out of this, "How many retarded 8-13 year olds does it take to realize the "soccer ball" isn't really a soccer ball". A: More than in this story. Fuck.

 A couple months early, but... fuck it. Check out how much shit I had sitting in my closet: And what all that is going back in to (new organizational shit):

 The urlLink perfect solution .

 urlLink Primal Purge: Queer Eye for the Mattel Guy The Ken I remember was the urlLink Ken who lifted weights and had some junk up front . That was the Ken who could tent a pair of gym shorts whenever Midge and that mocha-skinned hottie Christie would run through the house and accidentally slip on the plastic-covered floor in a pile of shaving cream and give each other an intimate ladyshave while wearing nothing but majorette boots and then Pajama Fun Skipper would come over and nozzle Redi-Whip straight down her throat, conveniently letting a little dribble on her chin while gurgling something about "daddy issues" and "surgically impaired gag reflex." (Yeah, like I was the only one who played that.) /rolling on floor laughing. Anna.fucking.rules.

 Thought it was gonna be hard to "one up" urlLink yesterdays post , but Allah's most urlLink recent gem has topped my previous favorite post. All in the span of 48 some odd hours. It's only funny 'cause it's true folks. And, even better since I'm on urlLink Friendster myself. Heh.

 I am a really argumentative bastard. Maybe it has to do with personality conflicts with my new boss, or me being stressed out (or both), but (today especially) I've pretty much argued with anything he's asked me to do. I argue about whether its' necessary, then I'll argue about the extent of work that needs to be done. What sucks is he is like 1% more stubborn than I am, so I eventually just say "fuck it" and do whatever. The kicker is when the response comes back and I was right in the first place. Frustrating. Oh yeah, it probably doesn't help that he's a "Bush hater" - in pretty much every aspect of the term (uber-liberal flamboyant gay guy from Seattle - lol)

 Track back: urlLink Cold Fury > here Looks like urlLink this blogger has a great idea for the next democratic presidential candidate, and he also gives a nice summary of the current candidates: So now we’re down to the best the Dhimmicratic Party still has left to offer: # Hanoi Jane groupie who became the richest man in the Senate by marrying a woman who married up, and would pick Carter and Clinton as his team to make peace in the Middle East # a trial lawyer who made his millions by driving up medical costs # a doctor who once governed a state with no border problems, a population smaller than Milwaukee and whiter than Michael Jackson’s # a mayor who drove his city into bankruptcy, believes that there are space aliens, that chemtrails are government mind control devices and is most Mullah’s first choice for President # a pogrom baiter

 This, found from the urlLink Quilted Northern "IMvironment" on Yahoo! messenger: Did you know that in the 1700's colonial Americans used corncobs to cleanse with? However, once newspapers became commonplace, people used the newspapers after they finished reading it. ROFL.

 From a couple weeks ago when we went shooting in the desert. I didn't think these things worked, but alas, I was wrong. Here they are, better late than never. My buddy hitting a urlLink balloon at 300 yards , first shot, 25+ mph wind. And here's Patrick urlLink trying to hit a bowling pin from about 10 yards, with yours truly heckling. Heh.

 These deserve more attention urlLink lgf: Palestinian War Crimes

 Heh. Though, it does kinda look like Iraq-ganistan, no?

 Damn, Mango with a great link urlLink connecting Kerry with Jane Fonda, @ an anti-Vietnam protest . Mr. Johnson recalled that his North Vietnamese captors played recordings of Miss Fonda telling U.S. troops to give up the war. "Seeing this picture of Kerry with her at antiwar demonstrations in the United States just makes me want to throw up."

 Alan Greenspan gives a big urlLink "fuck you" to protectionist unions/liberals. Heh. I wonder if he get's pissed when he has to give Economics 101 lessons to the press. Seriously, I get frustrated trying to explain this stuff to friends even - let alone blank faces in the crowd. That job would drive me insane.

 Not much blogging for the rest of this week I'd assume. Sorry loyal reader(s). :-/ In the meantime, there's plenty of goofy reading over at urlLink Ehowa , or urlLink Ebaums World , or even chez urlLink Allah . If you're in the mood for some more serious reading, check out urlLink Econopundit , or urlLink Instapundit , or even urlLink USS Clueless (a personal fave). Catch ya around!

 urlLink Neat game , a little gory, but pretty funny.

 urlLink Awesome , simply awesome. I found this guy via Allah Pundit - haven't read much of his for whatever reason, but this one's a gem. File this under: Howard Dean is *still* a douche.

 Track back: urlLink Allah Some urlLink serious posturing going on in Iran. The article talks about how Syria/Iran/PLO are really routing for a Democrat to win the US Presidential race, b/c that will give them the best chance to retain their opressive regimes. Something we've known for a while, but this article is a cogent analysis of a very turbulent part of the world. Check it out for sure.

 I'm in the house about 5 minutes after returning from Vegas, when in walks the roommate with this shocked look on his face. We have a urlLink Vons (grocery store) right next door to us, which we frequent for anything and everything. For those of you unaware of the " urlLink grocery worker strike " out here in SoCal, it's been going on for the last few months, and is looking worse and worse every day for the strikers. In any case, their tactics have recently become more desperate: Official new low. There's the picture, the few strikers hanging out playing with jig saw puzzles saw us taking a picture of their sign - our conversation more or less went as follows: Protestor: "They're taking a picture of our sign" Me: "Yeah, the 9/11 reference is pretty class-less" Protestor: "What?!?" Me: "You heard me" File this under: I hate people.

 urlLink Yahoo! News - Baby Born With 2nd Head to Get Surgery Holy sweet Jeebus on the crucifix. A Dominican infant born with a second head will undergo a risky operation Friday to remove the appendage, which has a partially formed brain, ears, eyes and lips. Ew, ew and ew. Twins born conjoined at the head are extremely rare, accounting for one of every 2.5 million births. Parasitic twins like Rebeca are even rarer. I wouldn't want someone operating on me who uses the non-word; "rarer". :/ But, I guess if I only made $200/month, I would shut my fucking mouth, instead of having a "franken-baby" with two heads - especially in some 3rd world country. They're just as likely to burn her at the stake, as declare her some fucking God. Rebeca is the eighth documented case in the world of craniopagus parasiticus, said Dr. Santiago Hazim, medical director at CURE International's Center for Orthopedic Specialties in Santo Domingo, where the surgery will be performed. All the other documented infants died before birth, making it the first known surgery of its kind, Lazareff and Hazim said. Gives new meaning to the joke, "Did your mom have any kids that lived?". Ouch. And the disturbing coup-de-grace : Tests indicate some activity in her second brain. Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck. UPDATE : Sorry to hear the baby has died.

 This one sounds cool, and urlLink sketchy as hell at the same time.

 Disorder Rating urlLink Paranoid : Moderate urlLink Schizoid : Moderate urlLink Schizotypal : Moderate urlLink Antisocial : Moderate urlLink Borderline : Moderate urlLink Histrionic : Low urlLink Narcissistic : High urlLink Avoidant : Low urlLink Dependent : Low urlLink Obsessive-Compulsive : Low -- urlLink Personality Disorder Test - Take It! -- Ouch. Hehe.

 urlLink I guess this is serious , but the best part, by far, is the comments at the bottom of the article. Good stuff all around - lol.

 Got a little rowdy at times - we were probably a solid 7 hours into drinking by this point. And, no, I'm not in any pictures, b/c I'm taking them. Goose. ;) All of those pics are of geoff harrassing the shit out of his invited guests. Good laughs.

 First (and second) mags of the day: From 7 yards - lol. But, I do improve on the 2nd magazine.

 Of a urlLink fat person - always good for a laugh. Or six.

 Friday night: Got kinda drunk @ home Saturday AM: urlLink Memorial mountain bike ride for Mark Reynolds , with over 800 other riders. For those of you not in the know, he was a local rider killed by a mountain lion about 5-6 weeks ago. The same mountain lion (a couple days later) dragged another woman about 100 yards, by her head. Fortunately, she lived - due to the assistance of her friend and some other riders who happened to be in the area. Within a week, the offending mountain lion was shot and killed by a posse of Park Rangers/Sheriffs. In any case, got to go riding (and chat a little) with urlLink Hans Rey , urlLink Leigh Donovan (who I used to have a HUUGE crush on) and urlLink Brian Lopes . Saw Hans clear this "un-rideable" section of trail - one of the nastiest, steepest, loosest climbs I've ever seen. I'll see if I can get a pic next weekend. The group I rode with had done a 90 minute ride prior to the "group memorial ride", as those things usually chug along, and all the slow people (who think they're fast) like to try and hang with the big dogs, but then just get run over on the first hill. Bleh. In any case, I joined up with the fast group at the back of the pack, got bored real quick, and bolted to the front. Had to pass about (literally) 300 people, but eventually got there. That's where I met up with Lopes and Hans, and hacked it a bit. Net net net, about 3.5 hours of ride time, which lined me up for a good 3 hour post-ride nap. My ass was kicked. Ended up just sittin around with the roomies saturday night - my achilles was worked pretty bad, I figured a bottle of wine would help. Didn't. On to Superbowl sunday... After calling my buddy urlLink Dave and telling him NOT to come get me for a m/c ride early Sunday, who do I find banging on my window at 0800? You guessed it. urlLink Dave . Fuck. He's lucky I didn't shoot him, considering my head was RIGHT NEXT to the window. lol. That boy just might never learn. So, I was up for the day. Made some stylin french toast, and started to prep for the superbowl party. Party went well - total sausage fest, but what do you expect? My pats didn't cover the fucking 7 point spread due to that damn vinatieri, so I lost $70. The kid I was betting with started to get pretty over-zealous, so there was a point where five of us were going to beat him senseless. He caught wind through the grapevine that he was gonna get hurt if he didn't shut his fat mouth - so he got in line like a nice puppy. Looks like things back home got urlLink a little rowdy too. Heh. As for the rest of the night, check my previous post. I'm too hung over to write any more.

 1) I'm drunk. A 12er of Sierra Nevada will do that to a person. 2) urlLink The Pats fucking OWN. Seeing as how I'm from NE, they are my "home team". So, all y'all haters can suck one. 3) Damn that urlLink Vinatieri for not covering the TWO FUCKING FIELD GOAL ATTEMPTS at the start - he cost me $70. Fucker. 4) I'm drunk. A 12er of Sierra Nevada will do that to a person. 5) Is it possible that I am ALREADY hung over? I dunno, but I'm drinking H2O and eating bread to hedge. 6) Janet Jackson's urlLink boobs look saggy . Uh, ew, time to stop acting like we're 21 no? 7) I love my camera phone. Pics to come, as soon as I get my shit together and can email them to myself. Hope everyone had a great day/night. I'm going back to being drunk and having a head ache. :-D

 urlLink WaPo article "'Fallujah,' he said, 'remains one of those cities in Iraq that just don't get it. It's a former Baathist stronghold. This was a city that profited immeasurably and immensely under the former regime. They have a view that somehow the harder they fight, the better chance they have of achieving some sort of restorationist movement within the country.'" So, can someone tell me why that gem is buried in the bottom 1/3 of the article? Laaaaaaaaaaame. Update: More evidence urlLink Democratic Underground is a bunch of fuck-wits.

 I've posted on this urlLink S&W before - basically drooling over how evil it is. But, today, I actually have a rather large (18") ruler in front of me, so I head back to the Smith & Wesson site just to put it in perspective. The barrel length on this beast is 10"+, the OVERALL length of the firearm = 18". That's longer than the keyboard I'm typing on, and is the full length of the ruler I've got in front of me. One of the five rounds chambered in this gun, contains 2,600 lbs of muzzle "force", one round is enough to stop a CHARGING BEAR. UPDATE : "You know, I sometimes work at the place where they make the depleted uranium tank armor. Maybe I'll just put the word in and they can fab you some special bullets. I'm sure that will only break about a dozen or so laws." -P.

 urlLink Whoa .

 This reporter from some podunk town in BFE decides to urlLink make a political statement by "apologizing" for the media's failure in not criticizing Bush's policies enough PRIOR to toppling Saddam. All I've got to say to this guy is: Shut your mealy mouth. If you actually click that link and read it, I'd hope you'd be as disgusted as I am at the tone and the condescention evident therein. Unfortunately, I'm at a loss for the appropriate word to describe the technique employed. Too bad I'm so fat and stupid, right? In any case, this jerk-off's final quote: "there's no excusing that failure. The only thing that can be said is, Sorry." No, asshole, that's not the only thing left to be done. Actions speak louder than your empty words (fucking reporters, eh?). Here's the solution: quit you fucker . You failed. You've been shamed. You admitted it. Now quit. Get off the pulpit and go sulk home to mommy you fucking pussy. Oh yeah, and while you're apologizing, why don't you reimburse your employer for the last two years of "salary" you've stolen from them, you know, now that you've ADMITTED TO FAILING THE JOB YOU WERE HIRED/PAID TO PERFORM . Fucking asshole. People like this are what's wrong with the world. No accountability what-so-ever . This dipshit is just gonna go back to doing whatever he was doing, with no accountability for his actions. Word to the wise pal, an empty "Sorry" sometimes just won't cut it.

 Especially urlLink this guy .

 Could you do anything (!) urlLink every single day for 28 years ? I think I forget to eat more often than that.

 urlLink PivX goes public! UPDATE: Up urlLink 1700% !!! LOL

 urlLink A bomb disposal robot approaches Palestinian teenager Hussam Abdo, identified by neighbors as a member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, as he stands isolated at a Israeli checkpoint south of the West Bank town of Nablus Wednesday March 24, 2004, while wearing an explosive-packed belt, in this image from television. Now uploaded to my favorite site on the internet: urlLink Flame HQ !!

 urlLink USATODAY.com - Missed opportunities

 310-990-7444 UPDATE : Just call the damn #. lol

 urlLink New Hamas chief vows 'no security' for Israel . I'm confused - how is this different from before?

 urlLink Pic from recent protest in NYC . O.M.F.G. UPDATE: And urlLink more . Jesus Christ. That people don't denounce this kind of shit kills me. I get all riled up (to the point of adrenaline rushes - full-on "fight or flight") at the sight of Von's Grocery workers protests, I would most certainly be in jail for man slaughter had I run into these people. I'm literally light-headed reading this shit.

 Went out to urlLink Chino Hills with some of the urlLink Team Basso guys this morning. Up at 6, small breakfast (my undoing), out the door by 7, riding by 8:30. Rides with these guys typically go 12 miles or so - decent pace when you're actually riding, but some group members like to be more social than others - so you can rely on taking breaks every few miles or so. What I'm tryin to say is the rides are never slug-fests. After riding for a couple hours riding with the main pack (about 10 of us), we come to the fork in the road, easy home = left, more riding = right. I'm feelin pretty good, crunching people on hills and I think I'm having a good day - so, right it is with 3 other guys. At that point, its about 10:30 and heading into the hottest part of the day (hindsight = 20/20). After dicking around being lost for about an hour or so, we find this 3.5 mile downhill run. Sweet you say, save your energy... nope. The rule in mountain biking goes, what you go down, you must go up. Also, you gotta get your ass off the seat, which means all your weight is on your quads. At the bottom of the hill we made the mistake of stopping - both my quads went out like Michael J. Fox in jenga. I literally had to punch the back of my knee's to unlock the cramps. Little did I know we probably had about 3,000 feet of elevation to climb. LOL. After borrowing a GU from a buddy, and stealing another's water, we set out on our way. At this point, I've already stopped sweating (dehydrated), I'd had the chills for about an hour (dehydrated), was getting dizzy (dehydrated), and was about to urlLink bonk (not enough calories/sugar), all in 100 degree heat that isn't letting up (dehydrated). My only thought, "I'm fucked". Needless to say, I got home, and in the event you are writing this off as me being a drama queen, see below. That's almost 4 beats per second folks. Per second . If that still doesn't mean anything to you, urlLink read this . UPDATE : The graph of my ride. Can someone who preferably knows WTF they're doing help me with why my HR is all over the place? urlLink Details here

 urlLink You're making progress , but some comments should be the next blog "upgrade" you make. ;) I was just about 16 when that album came out, and it kicks ass. I forgot about it for probably 8 years, then recently popped it back in my CD rotation - good times, good memories. If I remember correctly, I think "4th of July" was pretty tight, as were some others from the end of the album. I'm tellin you, if you're into this aggro-metal (or whatever you want to call it) - check out my buddy's band, urlLink Aleda , Killswitch Engage, In Flames, Shadows Fall or 36 Crazy Fists (new discovery today for me). 36CF's song "The heart and the shape" kicks serious ass. urlLink Review here urlLink Download here

 urlLink "Aleda is a NYC-based quartet whose five-track EP contains heaping dollops of smart rock that combines the art of Stone Temple Pilots, the dissonance of Deftones and the grooves of King's X." Way to be Colin! Be sure to check these guys out - they have some songs for DL at urlLink their website .

 Picture album (aka "Bandwidth Whore" style): The man of the evening - urlLink our party host , about to pour ice cream into his Guinness. Don't worry - I acted quickly and responded with a snap kick to the testes. urlLink Geoff This is Peter, he's a haxxor from Denmark, or something. His resemblance to urlLink Moby is downright scary. urlLink Peter She'll kick your ass (she's irish). All 95 lbs of her - lol. urlLink Tex That hat looks mysteriously Italian by design.... Another snap kick to the testes. urlLink Wanna be ;) There was quite a bit of ass-rubbing going on.... don't ask me I just work here. urlLink Hot ass This is about 5 minutes before Ian threw up. Guess which one Ian is. urlLink Ian Um. I plead the 5th. urlLink Ownage The greatest thing about these two was that they walked in off the street. Nobody in the entire house 1) knew them or 2) had ever seen them before. They ended up being pretty fun. To watch. urlLink Lesbian kiss

 urlLink Dorks (rt click > save as). This is the dorkiest, geekiest thing I have ever seen in my entire 25 years of existence on this planet. This smokes even that urlLink fat ass dancing star wars geek .

 urlLink Don Watkins was the first blogger I ever read, and the first person ever to link me, thus, I feel a special affinity for him and his blog. Months ago his writing started to change, and I took a bit of a step back - it seemed like he was trying to figure out where he was trying to go with his blog. He concluded that he was going to stop writing for the sake of writing (and focus on his book) - but would be writing when something motivated him. I'm glad to see he has continued writing, and I think this recent post (linked above) is an absolutely fantastic piece. I'm a rather scatter-brained individual, but I know what I want, I know what I like and, for the most part, I know how to get it. I've always felt one of my glaring weaknesses is my inability to communicate my thoughts on paper eloquently enough that I can effectively convey my message. Don, in this post, has taken some very ingrained beliefs of mine (ours) and has presented them in a most eloquent manner. I'll write more on this later - I wanted to get the link out there in case you were looking for something to read.

 " urlLink Mr. Terrorism "? How gauche . Not that I found anything particularly interesting or revealing in this article. The one thing that irked me about it was the French Foreign Ministers use of, "I think". Especially when making (what should be) declarative statements like: "I think we have to coordinate our efforts on the technical level, which would allow us to better assess the realities on the ground, to fight terrorism more effectively," That qualifier (I think) strikes me as waffle-ish - he's leaving himself an out so that if someone disagree's with him, he can argue that he hasn't really said anything. File this under: Say what you mean, mean what you say. Frog.

 My lunch, how festive.

 urlLink Sooooooooooooooooooo fucked . Thanks Kyle (again) for the link. I should start to keep a running tally of people who've provided me hilarious links that make it to the blog. Kyle's in the lead by far I think. If anyone can suggest a program to automate something like this, as opposed to me hard-coding an entry in every time, I'd GREATLY appreciate it. :D

 Already made it to urlLink eBay . Thanks Kyle for the link!

 "People that bite the hand that feeds them usually lick the boot that kicks them." - Eric Hoffer

 urlLink Brand new $550,000 automobile . Looks like fun.

 urlLink Douchebags . I guess we should only expect these fuckwits to try and drive prices up as high as possible, given how our current administration threatens their very survival. Time to break out my 45 MPG motorcycle once again - doesn't look like the 12 MPG truck is gonna be cutting it so much in the near future. Lame.

 Why would anyone vote for a guy where the best thing that could happen for his Presidential aspirations would be urlLink another terrorist attack on the US mainland ? This 'logic' is lost on me.

 A young and successful executive was traveling down a neighborhood street, going a bit too fast in his new Jaguar. He was watching for kids darting out from between parked cars and slowed down when he thought he saw something. As his car passed, no children appeared. Instead, a brick smashed into the Jag's side door! He slammed on the brakes and backed the Jag back to the spot where the brick had been thrown. The angry driver then jumped out of the car, grabbed the nearest kid and pushed him up against a parked car shouting, "What was that all about and who are you? Just what the heck are you doing? That's a new car and that brick you threw is going to cost a lot of money. Why did you do it?" The young boy was apologetic. "Please, mister...please, I'm sorry but I didn't know what else to do," He pleaded. "I threw the brick because no one else would stop..." With tears dripping down his face and off his chin, the youth pointed to a spot just around a parked car. “It's my brother," he said. "He rolled off the curb and fell out of his wheelchair and I can't lift him up." Now sobbing, the boy asked the stunned executive, "Would you please help me get him back into his wheelchair? He's hurt and he's too heavy for me." Moved beyond words, the driver tried to swallow the rapidly swelling lump in his throat. He hurriedly lifted the handicapped boy back into the wheelchair, then took out a linen handkerchief and dabbed at the fresh scrapes and cuts. A quick look told him everything was going to be okay. "Thank you and may God bless you," the grateful chid told the stranger. Too shook up for words, the man simply watched the boy push his wheelchair-bound brother down the sidewalk toward their home. It was a long, slow walk back to the Jaguar. The damage was very noticeable, but the driver never bothered to repair the dented side door. He kept the dent there to remind him of this message "Don't go through life so fast that someone has to throw a brick at you to get your attention!" God whispers in our souls and speaks to our hearts. Sometimes when we don't have time to listen, He has to throw a brick at us. It's our choice to listen or not.

 Looks like urlLink Socialists won the elections in Spain . It appears the deciding factor was a pacifistic mentality towards facing the harsh realities of this world. Islamo-facists: 1, Democracy: 0. Wonder what we should expect come November. UPDATE : As an LGF reader pointed out earlier today, " urlLink Bomb the Vote " appears to be Al-Quaeda's new war cry. This is just further evidence supporting my claims lambasting our "ADD Generation". Or, more, appropriately, our ADD world . UPDATE 2 : urlLink The Australian News posts a great piece on the significance of the Spanish capitulation to Islamofacists. One of the best, well-written articles I've read on the topic yet. Please do check it out .

 So, urlLink my buddy scored his friends urlLink Cheyenne Turbo for the weekend, and we're headed out to the urlLink Darpa Grand Challenge - the un-manned vehicle race from Barstow to Vegas. WOOT WOOT! I'll be sure to post some pics when I get back! UPDATE : Back yesterday. The original format was set to be about 300 miles, which was then reduced to 150 miles - of which, the top-seeded competitor ( urlLink Red Team , our friends [ urlLink here's Nick ]) only finished 7 miles. Ooof. We heard a little bit about the course from the "nav team" - 30 degree grades, switch backs up mountains, pretty ugly stuff. We got the low-down that what killed red team was that the nav system (broken a week ago when they urlLink flipped the bitch in a training run, went a little haywire and sent the hummer into a couple fence posts, plowed them over, then into a few more metal poles, plowed them over,then it found something it couldn't quite knock down, so it got pent up on it - front axle got smashed. Once stuck, the rear wheels kept spinning till they dug themselves a nice little hole in a gravel pit. The computer kept "driving" until it noticed the rear wheel had shredded and was on fire. Oops. We waited around for a few hours to see if we could get some pictures of the smashed vehicle - but they had serious trouble getting a flat bed tow truck out there given the terrain - so we never did get to see the havoc. Below find some random pictures from the weekend - all in all a good time. urlLink Fear and Loathing in Barstow urlLink Some entrants in the paddock urlLink Red Team post-crash press meeting urlLink An "autonamous" bot urlLink The "Cajun Bot" urlLink Team "Cyber Rider" entrance Oh yeah, and how could I forget (enter bandwidth whore): urlLink Our ride for the weekend urlLink You'rs truly figuring out HTF to work the CD player/Nav system urlLink Expensive urlLink Vroom fucking vroom

 Libbo singles out, what just so happens to be, urlLink my favorite movie . The Way of the Gun has some of the best one-liners, and two of the coolest main characters I've seen in a movie. I don't have enough fingers, toes, or freckles to count the times I've seen that movie.

 urlLink Glenn's right , we're not gonna hear to much about this in the mainstream news media. However, those of us with friends in the mid-east have reason to be glad.

 urlLink Hot Abercrombie Chick! Props to urlLink Allah's pants for 'discovering' her.

 Typically a pretty socialist rag, but urlLink this article brings to the surface, and sheds a little light on, an issue that (in my limited knowledge/experience) plagues America today. Then again, I'm more apt to attribute it to our "ADD Generation" (the memememenownownow's), and a cultural shift to a more conservative base (call it growing pains).

 Just went to check my referrals, and urlLink got this - there is no way NOBODY on the internet has linked me. :/ Right? UPDATE: Looks to be running again, and never thought I'd get somebody from Technorati to comment on my blog. Weird. Heh.

 Libbo's doll urlLink viciously attacked Lisa's boobs over at Lagmonkey. Just randomly cruising his blog when I saw this and laughed my ass off. Weird that not all his posts show up on a Technorati search though. Hmmm.

 urlLink Finally . The kid's next.

 Remember back in January when I found that movie, " urlLink Ichi the Killer " on-line (it was pretty much the gnarliest film ever made) - and I claimed that this was one movie you will urlLink NEVER find at blockbuster ? Movie review after I watch it. UPDATE: Just watched it, didn't even get to finish it it was so bad. Don't bother. Might be fun to add to "the collection" as the goriest movie you've seen, but that's about it.

 Hey fatty, stop gettin' wasted on the job, how many times do I have to tell you? I thought you might be interested and possibly entertained by urlLink this : "It is firstly almost unreadable for anyone with a brain, filled with weird, pathological agendas and bad writing. It is also a story masquerading as a philosophy" I won't spoil your own conclusion of this type of thinking, by telling you what I think.

 Lunch.

 While sitting at your desk, lift your right foot off the floor and make clockwise circles. Now, while doing this, draw the number "6" in the air with your right hand. Your foot will change direction and there's nothing you can do about it.

 Recent effects of my job/job environment: 1) Abnormal stress levels 2) Chronic sickness - something wrong with my throat every week 3) Extremely moody 4) Just today I got the "you come across as very angry" 5) Sense of futility b/c the people I work with are idiots 6) Head aches by 10:30 (at the latest) EVERY DAY 7) Lack of motivation to do anything outside of work Additionally, I just got word that the person I'm working with who's such a PITA has driven 3 people out of the company, and has been the major contributing factor to 3 different "break downs". Brilliant.

 [Jacked from my post on the urlLink R6 Message Net - you can see responses there.] Well, on valued recommendations I went out and bought two games for my computer last night. I thought I was getting tired of diablo2, so figured some variety would help. I purchased "never winter nights gold" and "unreal2" - for about $50 total (combined). Let me just say, both suck my sweaty nuts. I expected the FPS to be a little easier (b/c it's made for retarded ADD children) - but it was just boring, and very stupid. Doesn't seem much has changed since the days of "Doom" and "Duke Nukem". Neverwinter nights is kind of a D&D game - so I expected strategy etc - it took me an hour to make my character. So, after I make my character (Boofy McBoofersen) I try to play the fucking game (you know, the reason I BOUGHT IT) - and I have to sit through fucking 45 minutes of bullshit text, and talk to 50,000 people, 50,000 times each, before I get to go kill shit. Then, what happens, I walk outside to try and kill a dog or the first thing I see - the GUI has about 10,000 options and I think a chicken killed me while I was trying to figure out wtf to do. So, folks, save your fuckin money. I'm writing this off as a learning experience. Needless to say, I'm pretty disappointed in these games. I tried again, today, to play U2 - I got about 5 minutes in and said 'fuck this'. So, if anyone wants to buy either or both of these off me, let me know.

 Funny how the segment of the economy that has performed the best (in the past 60 years) under "Democratic" leadership, has been the urlLink oil industry .

 I just found this cool-ass javascript from urlLink Mike the Marine's Blog (via: urlLink Lagmonkey ) - that tracks who's referred me in the last 24 hours. Fun game, let's see how insignificant my blog really is. Heh.

 A letter from a "true-blue" Vietnam Vet to urlLink John Kerry . Granted, it's from Townhall, so take it with a grain of salt, however, realize that it was only published by them, not written. This is definitely worth reading.

 On my way in I snapped this, maybe you can read it, maybe you can't. Cost of living out here sucks donkey nuts.

 These, taken at lunch time (on the cell phone): Translation: Pic 1 (top to bottom): "Fear this", blah blah blah Racing, and Mitsubishi Pic 2: Mega Speed *ahem* BWAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHH.

 With all the news on TV lately about the sub zero weather and snow that the east coast and upstate NY areas are experiencing, we shouldn't forget that Southern California has it's share of devastating weather also. I've attached a photo illustrating the excessive damage caused to a home from a west coast storm that passed through the Los Angeles area a couple of days ago. It really makes you cherish what you have, and reminds us not to take life for granted!!! Warning: urlLink The attached picture is quite graphic

 urlLink l a g m o n k e y Hah! I've been waitin for this one! Welcome (officially) to the blog-o-sphere!

 In theory, the government can now track where urlLink every $20 bill is spent . Yikes.

 With all the flap going on about WMD in Iraq, I think this article found on urlLink Slashdot is worth mentioning. It has to do with the CIA secretly sabotaging software the Russians bought (UPDATE: "stole") to run their pipelines. Opposition to this Administrations handling of the situation in Iraq is founded on the premise that we have not yet found WMD's - fair enough, as far as Joe Average/non-CIA knows. What today's "anti-Bush" crowd don't seem to understand is there were many many many reasons to depose of Saddam (womens rights, mass torture/murder, environmental issues to name a few) - however, b/c of the extreme ignorance of the American populous (admit it folks), the administration calculated it would pursue the avenue that would strike the *most* fear in your average American, hence our rationale became "WMD proliferation". Does that mean they "sexed up the dossier" as has been purported, or that "Bush lied" - IMO, no, it simply means the President carefully selected his argument. He consequently won "the debate" too. Hindsight being 20/20 doesn't mean shit - I think we can all agree that with Saddam being gone, the world is a better place. How all this ties into the slashdot article, is that people who do their homework also knew there were many more reasons to "invade" Iraq. In this instance (slashdot article) - we are only NOW (12 years later) finding out about one of the tactics our Government (under Reagan) used to cripple the Soviet Union. According to "today's" anti-Bush crowd argument, the government should have fully disclosed to ALL American Citizens what it intended to do to Russia, have Congress approve it, then have the UN ratify the action. Honestly folks, how effective would that have been? Same difference in going to the UN to actually enforce something pertaining to Iraq - I mean, we've already shown the extent of corruption within the UN, and how that pork-barrell bullshit flowed through to Hussein as well. Intentions were compromised at our (as a Nation) expense. Ridiculous, effing ridiculous.

 OK, yeah, this is probably gonna raise a GIANT shit-storm. And let me preface this by saying I'm *REALLY* not racist, but some of these are just flat out funny. Commence the barrage: urlLink The Racial Slur Database . And MikeB ownz me for showing me this link!!

 So, my buddy's band urlLink Aleda , who I've been pimping on my blog for months now, has a urlLink new demo out. Go DL it you scallywag! :) This tune is more vocals than their "older" stuff - a bit harder hitting too. I really dig these guys, and Colin also got me going on urlLink In Flames , urlLink Kill Switch Engage and urlLink Shadows Fall - which are some of my favorite bands right now.

 I made an awesome sandwich. Heh. Haven't been blogging much lately - too much other shit going on between work and life. Need to find some motivation to get back on the horse.

 If you have any suggestions as to how I can make this thing even *more* organized, please advise. I'm expecting to be pretty fat this weekend, so not much activity - which means I can work on re-vamping my blog. Keep in mind, I'm a tech retard, so no flash, no fancy graphics and nothing that requires more than changing font colors ;) ;)

 urlLink Hot DAMN this is a great article from the folks over at National Review.

 Oh my, am I glad I didn't read urlLink this at work.

 Warning: Bread is Evil. Did you know: 1) More than 98 percent of convicted criminals are bread eaters ! 2) Exactly half of all children who grow up in bread - eating households score in the bottom 50% on standardized IQ tests ! 3) In the 19th century, when virtually all bread was baked in the home, the average life expectancy was less than 55 years; infant mortality rates were unacceptably high; many women died in childbirth; and diseases such as typhoid, scarlet fever, smallpox and influenza ravaged entire nations ! 4) Statistics show that more than 75 % of violent crimes are committed within 24 hours of eating bread ! 5) Bread is made from a substance called "dough." Researchers have proven that as little as one pound of dough can choke a large animal like a horse. The average person eats more bread than that in one month ! 6) Bread is known to be extremely addictive. Subjects deprived of bread and given only water, actually begged for bread after just two days ! 7) Bread is a "gateway" food item, which usually leads to such items as butter, jam, peanut butter and even ... bacon ! 8) Bread has been proven to kill. Scientists have now uncovered alarming evidence that 100% of the people who eat bread will eventually die ! 9) Unattended newborn babies can choke on bread ! 10) Bread is baked at temperatures as high as 425 degrees Fahrenheit ! Don't laugh...that kind of heat can kill a full grown adult in less than five minutes. 11) 96 % of cancer victims eventually admit that they've eaten bread ! File this under: The beauty of statistics. (Thanks Mango!) If you're wondering, W.T.F. is fat kid talking about now, he's eaten one too many crullers or something, this all in response to email pleas (see below) from a co-worker, begging for me (and all my co-workers) to give money to the "Million Mom March" (I'm not even linking it for a number of reasons, the first being it was conceived by a bored-ass housewife who saw coverage of Columbine on TV ) - a march protesting gun violence, the NRA, and our Second Amendment to name a few. In any case, I'd let the first email go, b/c the woman propagandizing the march has had 2 kids killed in gang-related violence. I don't know about you, but is it callous of me to recommend that you MOVE after the first one gets jacked? Nah, that would be smart . Regardless, it happened, and I'm sad - but that doesn't give her any authority to disseminate BULLSHIT emails to the rest of the company trying to guilt us into giving money to a BULLSHIT cause that is trying to strip my freedoms. So, as I mentioned, I let the first email slip - just talked to HR about it. Then, the second, third, fourth and fifth emails came across my desk - from a couple people in that office. W.T.F. I'll see if I can round them up so you can get a flavor for what I'm dealing with here.... OK, fifth email first: =================================== As many of you are aware, XXX is active with the Million Mom March. Many of us at the XXX platform would like to join together for this year's march, which is to be held on May 9 (Mother's Day), in support of XXX. Anyone who wants to participate should register through the link listed below. Registering only takes a couple of minutes on-line. Please let me know if you intend to participate, since we will be having t-shirts made for the event . (Let me know t-shirt sizes and we will try to accommodate those requests as well...) More information will follow about the event. Those who cannot participate but who would like to make a donation are welcome to do so by sending a check payable to the Million Mom March to me in the XXX office. We will likely have other opportunities to contribute in support of XXX and her family in the future. (emphasis mine) Fourth email: =================================== In lieu of flowers, two suggestions for XXX would be to send in a donation to the Million Mom March, or to the XXX Memorial Gift Fund. (See below.) There also is discussion of doing something for XXX's grandaughter, with details to be worked out later. This year's Million Mom March is to be held in Washington on May 9. XXX, XXX, and I will be organizing a team of XXX people to march in support of XXX. We will be providing more information next week on this event, and hope that many of those here locally will be able to participate.

 They've got a brand new urlLink Shari'a court system up there - you know, the system that allows you to beat your wife to death for looking at something besides her feet. Cool.

 Article over at urlLink Yahoo! News with Kofi defining his organizations position on the issue. The most damning quote: "We had no mandate to stop oil smuggling," Annan said. "There was no way the UN could have stopped it." What a genuine piece of shit this guy is - that statement is wrong on so many levels.

 This should put a nice, big urlLink permanent dent in the morale of the "Bush Lied" crowd, one would think. If only this would get some media coverage...

 It seems like nobody ever comments on my blog, y'all just rely on AIM. Is it b/c you don't want everyone seeing that you laugh at stuff? Or that you don't want to give your email away? Or that you're lazy ;) To get rid of all that bullshit, just make up a BS email account, and use some recognizable name, then tell the comment program to "remember you" and you'll never have to fill that shit in again. I only bring this up b/c a lot of funny responses come out of the IM convo's - and I'd like to be able to share them with other readers. :D

 B/c I don't feel like re-typing this - here's a brief synopsis of my weekend (via an IM convo): animus949: check this animus949: race at 4,500 feet (kinda high) animus949: temperatures in the mid 90's animus949: noon start (my shift) animus949: working on a cold already animus949: not enough warm (heart rate sky rockets) animus949: i won the prologue (HR even higher) animus949: couldn't get HR *below* 190 for the first 5 miles animus949: dehydration sets in in lap one (figured this out later) animus949: by lap 2, calves had cramped, quads were gone, shins were gone and hams were on their way animus949: so i crased into a tree at 25 animus949: got impaled on a stick animus949: didn't know it was there till 6 miles later when i finished the lap animus949: that's no big deal, the big deal was my dehydration - within 2 hours of finishing i was dizzy, light headed, cold sweats and puking all over animus949: had to bum a ride to the hospital 25 miles away animus949: waited 6 FUCKING HOURS TO SEE A DOCTOR animus949: all while throwing up inthe lobby animus949: they pumped 5 LITERS of fluid into me before i even started to THINK about pissing animus949: usually it only takes people .5 liters animus949: i needed 10 times that animus949: spent the night there, went back to the race at 0800 Despite all this, out of 500 racers I still had a top 10 best lap time overall. This is me in the hospital, at about 4:30 Sunday morning... And some action shots from the race: Me, hangin out about 10 minutes prior to the race starting. No I'm not on a bike b/c this race started with a run of about 600 meters, followed by a "parade lap" around the camp ground, then followed by a lap of the race course. Me in the transition from run > bike during the prologue. Me winning the prologue (not that it counted for anything). End of lap two, later in the day - this was the stick that I go impaled on during my little "get off into the tree" episode. The stick went in my shorts, out my shorts and back into my shorts. No fvcking IDEA how that happened. Also funny to notice you can see I'm getting notably more pale as the day went on - and check those bags under my eyes - lol.

 Heading out to Idylwild, CA to compete in the urlLink 24 Hours of Adrenaline . Before you ask, no I'm not doing it solo - this will be a 5 man effort. Each person completes one 11-mile loop, then gets to rest while the other guys ride. Seeing as how I'm the "young buck" of the crew, I get to go first (cluster fvck le mans style start - which means run a mile, parade loop around camp ground, then race a lap), and I also get to pick up the slack if, say at 0300, someone doesn't feel like riding. Hah. Should be a blast. Expected total mileage for the 24 hours is between 60 and 70. :D I'm comin back Sunday, so don't expect posting until then at the earliest. I'm also going to try and put together a photo-blog of the event, should definitely be bandwidth intensive. Woo hoo. Have a safe weekend and catch you on the flip side.

