 Today, a set back. Today was to be treatment four, with blood work and a consultation from Dr. Kalter. I was expecting him to say we would need to continue on the same course of treatment for four more weeks. Instead, he told us that he is not happy with mom's progress and wants to step-up to a more aggressive level. She is to stop taking the Leukaran, and no Rituxin today. So, we return next week for three days of treatment: Wednesday ~~ Rituxan ~~ the same treatment she's had the past three weeks Thursday ~~ urlLink Mitozantrone aka the "blue kool-aid" Friday ~~ urlLink Fludarabine Then we visit Dr. Kalter on September 26 to determine if additional sessions are necessary. If yes, treatment will be for three days every three or four weeks and she may need up to four sets of sessions. It sounds like there will be increased side effects, although he did say that she will not lose her hair. She's been complaining about indigestion/heart burn, so he offered her urlLink Nexium . She said she didn't think she'd need it, but he said she would next week. Needless to say, she really freaked out. I think we could both see her shutting down, so Dr. K just started talking to me. He wrote the chemo names down and made sure I could read them (here's where that journalism training comes in handy). He has the perfect poker face (guess you need it in his field) and is very low-key in his approach. She started to cry as soon as we got on the elevator. This is not good , she kept saying. This is not what I expected to hear. I told her that she needs to remember that she is not as sick as the others we see, that she needs to keep this all in perspective. She settled down pretty quickly and seemed o.k. the remainder of our afternoon, although she was ready to go home pretty early. I know she is worried. I don't know if I am doing the right thing to immediately work to shut down her panic. I don't know if I should let her express it more. I'm afraid it will spiral out of control and make it worse than it needs to be. I keep thinking, if only she started sooner. Hadn't waited so long to decide. Maybe it wouldn't be this way now. Guess it doesn't really help to speculate now. I am disappointed. I thought we were almost done. That it really would be the "piece of cake" she called it after that first session. I am worried. Maybe this is more serious than I have been taking it.

 Happy birthday to me!

 I have been trying to get mom to agree to a vacation celebration once this is all over. I've offered up a few options. She kind-of ooh'd over California. Last Friday, during chemo, she showed me a travel package for Thanksgiving in New York City. This is what I really want to do , she said. So we are. I put the deposit down today.

 I continue to be flabbergasted by how tired I am Friday evenings and through the weekend. Let's face it. If you're going to get lymphoma, this is the best lymphoma to get. It's curable. The treatment has been without side effects or difficulties. This has been easy. Then why am I so tired? Maybe I've got a little denial going on myself.

 No blow-by-blow today. I had to leave for an appointment before they called her back. Once I returned, Dr. Kalter came by and was really pleasant. He asked if she's experienced any toxicities (is that a real word?). She said she's been perspiring a lot (o.k., so dripping buckets of sweat was her version). He didn't seem too worried. He did show surprise that the growth is not less visible. I guess that means she really will get the full eight weeks of Rituxin (he said early on if things went well she might only need four). Today was serious cancer day at CTRC. The two women and two men in today looked really, really ill. The two women have been in before -- breast cancer. They both wear wigs and are nearing the end of their treatment. There was an older gentleman who seemed to be having difficulties walking and talking. There was the younger man (say, mid-40's) from last week. He looks like he is in constant pain. It's hard to look at him. The others smile and nod knowingly. He does not, seems like he cannot. He mostly sleeps. When I asked what she wanted to do this afternoon she lamented that it would depend on how she felt. It startles me that she still expects something to go horribly wrong. I think I would be joyful if things were going as easily as they have been. I told her I expected she would feel the same as she has the other Fridays -- just fine. When I suggested a movie, she perked right up and was fine the rest of the day. We had Schlotsky's for lunch and went to a matinee of urlLink Tortilla Soup . We both really enjoyed this Hispanic version of Eat Drink Man Woman . Word of caution . . . don't go hungry! Do I feel guilty taking off work and ending up at a matinee? Actually, no. Mom told me today how much she appreciated me taking off work to be with her. I just know it's what I'm supposed to do. P.S. My short visit to the doctor resulted in a urlLink tendinitis diagnosis. Three weeks of physical therapy, three times a week. At least it's not the dreaded carpal tunnel.

 Wow. This is totally amazing to me. My blog was featured in the urlLink Guardian , a national newspaper in the UK. (Thanks to Jen for the link.) I am blown away. My schedule has changed, so I will be able to go with mom to chemo tomorrow. Oh, and just for the record ~~ I'm a girl.

 Today I told mom that I have a conflict on Friday. I asked if she wanted to reschedule for earlier in the day so I can still go and make my appointment. She said no, that she would be fine on her own and if she started to feel funny, she'd just pull over and call me. I laughed. I said, "Mom, I'm not worried about that. You'll be fine . I'm just worried that you won't find the right elevator." She laughed back, sounded a little embarrased and told me which elevator she's supposed to take (she got it right). So, no minute by minute diary of treatment three. I know you're disappointed.

 Get yourself a beverage and a comfy chair. This may be a long one. Week Two in "course of treatment world". Mom was much more relaxed as we went for her chemo this morning. Much more "la-di-dah!" about it. Although once we got there, I found her to be a little . . . lost, for lack of a better word. Not knowing where to go once we enter the building (the elevator is just inside the door, she zips past it). Acting confused when we get to the office. Like she can't see the sign-in desk just off the elevator. I have to point to it and remind her to sign in. It's like she's going somewhere for the first time and it's unfamiliar to her. Maybe she was less "zippity-do-dah" than I thought. Today was harder for me. I guess because I knew what to expect. It's hard for me to watch them put the i.v. in her arm and know that they are essentially pumping poison into her body. I felt a heavy heart today as we got to the office. To see the couples and families and know that one of them has cancer. That someone sitting in this room with me may be dying. Soon. As we waited to go back, I watched a father and son. The father was hairless and obviously distressed. He kept resting his head on his cane. Hiding his face. His son looked at me with great sadness. He seemed unable to console his father. The stories (real or imagined) are so compelling to me. There were two couples, together. Long time friends, you could tell, who had come to help. They were all elderly. Mid to late 70's. One man pushed the other in a wheelchair. The women sat and talked. His nurse came out to talk. He'll have treatment at home over the weekend. They talked about his bone cancer and easing his pain. They called us in after 10 minutes. LaDonna did mom's i.v. It was more painful this week than last. Scar tissue in the vein already. I can't imagine what it must feel like for those who come week after week. 9:45 a.m. -- i.v. of saline (sodium chloride) 9:51 a.m. -- .25 mg benedryl 9:55 a.m. -- pre-med 10:08 a.m. -- second saline bag; starts having strong reaction to benedryl -- drying head, drowsy look, dizziness 10:25 a.m. -- Rituxin, new larger saline bag 12:45 p.m. -- done Today was men's day at CTRC. Other than one woman who left within an hour of our arrival, mom was the only woman in the room all three hours. There was a 42-year-old man with Non-Hodgkins Lymphoma. They removed 22 lymph nodes. He had a distinctive scar on his neck. He had the "blue kool-aid" as they call it. He started with Rituxin and moved up to the blue medicine (I don't know what it is). He tells us that if you get the "red kool-aid" you're really sick. The woman had the red kool-aid. An older man from last Friday came for his shot. Another man from last week was back for his final treatment. Colon cancer. 26 weeks of weekly treatment. He was really, really happy. He and his wife brought cake and wine for the nurses. He was so full of joy in talking to everyone. Another gentleman, I'd say in his 80's, also came in for the blue kool-aid. He was joking and talking and obviously a real "whipper-snapper." He talked about getting better and it being in God's hands. Even though I came in with a heavy heart, sitting and listening to these . . . warriors . . . made it all easier. There really is a kinship in that room. Of people going to war and wanting to help each other. Working to raise spirits, even if in doing so they just want to cheer themselves up. I continue to talk with mom about attitude. I just don't feel like she gets that part of it. I'd hoped those men and their positiveness might rub off on her. Later, she made reference to the gentleman talking about God by saying, "It's out of my hands." I told her, "Not totally. You can control whether or not you worry too much about getting sick." She just shrugged her shoulders. I've told her that when all of this is over we will take a trip to celebrate. I've suggested California -- a drive along Hwy. 101. Or she can come with me to Chicago for a conference in October. Spend the days along the magnificent mile or similar. She is reluctant to agree. Reluctant to choose (now there's a surprise). Says she needs to wait until she "knows." I don't want her to place her life on hold until she "knows." I want her to get excited about doing something in the future. I want her to be certain there is a future. This is curable. It will all be over soon. I'm glad she talked to the guy with lymphoma. He told her that his course of treatment (that's the official phrase, can you tell?), is simply preventative. That they got all the cancer during surgery. But this is to make certain they kill any remaining cells. That he feels fine. All he's lost is a little weight and he's never been sick. When I told her again that I think this was the right choice, she told me that talking to him made her feel better. She talked about not taking her Leukerin tonight. That it might be too much again. When I made a face, she agreed to take it and just have the benedryl handy. It's better to stay on course. She did well this afternoon. We made a brief jaunt to the mall (haircut for me, present for my friend Sandy's nine-year-old daughter -- can we be this old?? ). She walked well, but conceded she was tired when we left. As was I. It's amazing how stressful the day can be (have I mentioned I've started taking stresstab vitamins?). I feel mentally and emotionally exhausted, without even really doing much of anything but sitting around. Amazing how the mind and body works.

 Mom continues to do well. Each day I ask her how she feels and she says fine . Today she almost said it wistfully. Like she didn't want to fess up. I told her, "Maybe you'll be like Wynona. Maybe you'll forget you even have it." Wynona has a brain tumor that she gets monthly shots for. She's reassuring to mom because they have the same doctor and Wynona readily admits that she forgets she is "sick." We go back to CTRC on Friday. I am curious to see how much benedryl they pump her up with this week. Dr. Kalter said we should begin to see results after the second or third treatment. Amazing.

 I've read that some think Sex in the City is written by gay men for gay men. I wonder, since it speaks to me, what does that say about me? ; ) So, Jeff points out that I am a "Blog of Note" on urlLink Blogger . I must say my first response was Holy Shit! I had no idea that strangers would read this journaling process that I am using as a catharsis (Wendy, I'm stealing your word). To my even greater shock is that these strangers actually take the time to write me. Erin, James, Any, Logan, Yoshiaki and Wendy. They share stories with me. Words of encouragement. It gives me great hope to know how much we really are alike (no matter where we live or what language we speak) and that as a whole, we really do care about what happens to others.

 Today has been a better day. Maybe yesterday was a crash day from her adrenaline high on Friday. She's no longer getting hives from the Leukeran, but it does make her dizzy and lightheaded. She's also very yawn-y. She said it took her a while to wake up this morning. Her leg doesn't hurt again today. "Weird," says she. Silent is me. She's going to tell them in physical therapy tomorrow that she wants to take it easy and not overexert herself now that she has started this process. We talked again about thinking positive being an important part of this process. I don't want what she thinks chemo should be to become the reality. I think a part of her wants this to be a bad process. So that she can excuse taking 53 days to decide what to do. The way I see it, if one of us is getting an "I told you so", it sure as hell better be me (not that I would ever be that way!). Sure it's easy to be judgemental from over here in cancer-free land, but I'd like to think that if lymphoma was my diagnosis, I'd be like "Hello, let's get this show on the road! Kill it already!"

 Postscript: Debra ~ thanks for calling. Mom says hi back.

 I would not characterize today a better day than yesterday. Today she was old again. Leg hurting. And a new one, jaw hurting while she ate. It's like she's turning into someone I don't know. When I attempted to joke that she was "just falling apart" she actually nodded her head yes instead of putting me in my place. We went to a pharmacist to check the drug interactions with the Leukeran and the pain killer/anti-inflammatories for her hip/leg pains. Luckily it is o.k. to take them all, although the painkiller and benedryl will make for added drowsiness. Had lunch at Super Salads and ran a few other errands. Back at her place she kept nodding off. When I asked if she wanted to take a nap, she said no, but kept resting her eyes. I left so she could "not-nap." Went home and took one myself. I was tired. Talked to her earlier this evening. She says she didn't nap. Oh, o.k. She'd talked to my Godmother, who is in early stages of dementia. She was having a so-so day. When did everyone in my life get so old? I guess I can't expect every day of this process to be a good or easy one.

 Mom took her first dose of Leukeran last night. She says 30 minutes later she broke out in hives and her lips started to swell. She took two benedryl. Today she sounds foggy and thick tongued.

 Whew. I'm tired. Mentally. Emotionally. Physically. I feel like I could sleep for two days. My body feels beat up and my mind feels fried. And I'm not the one getting chemo-ized. (hey, that rhymes!) Which makes me wonder, In a situation like this, who is it worse for? The person experiencing the cancer or the person watching? Was that just a Carrie Bradshaw ~ a la Sex in the City ~ "question of the episode" moment? I keep saying we did this and we did that like I have cancer too. But I don't. But I do. It's been a long nearly three months in this journey since diagnosis. So much torment over this decision. I am so relieved to hear her tell someone "it was a piece of cake." Again tonight she brings up her worries of a lowered immune system and getting sick. I tell her to think heathly. I hope that as she wakes up tomorrow and sees she is still healthy, that she is still herself ~~ that the negative worries will disappear. She's been manifesting this worry to her hips and leg (a known trouble spot). Literally paralyzing herself with fear. Tonight at a church dinner (yes, she is feeling that good) she was running around like a mad woman. Hop up and run get mayo. Hop up and run get cookies. Hop up to say hi to someone across the room. A little later (after hopping off to do something), mom sat back down and commented how her leg wasn't hurting her at all. When I took her home I tried the "maybe it really was stress" tact again, but she's not going to take that on. Not just now anyway. She talked about how it hurt so bad at night (gee, not cause you're laying there thinking about anything, no unt-uh . . . ). I let it go and told her to call me if she feels funny in anyway at all. Then I told her I thought she made the right decision and that I loved her.

 It's over! What a relief. I can't even being to tell you. Our day: 8:55 a.m. -- stuck in traffic, mom very uptight 9:05 a.m. -- arrive at CTRC 9:25 a.m. -- get called back (all that traffic worry for nothing) 9:30 a.m. -- saline drip started 9:45 a.m. -- benedryl added 10 a.m. -- Rituxin added 10:25 a.m. -- more benedryl, Rituxin stopped 10:35 a.m. -- Rituxin started again 11:05 a.m. -- increase in Rituxin 12:35 p.m. -- increase in Rituxin 1:45 p.m. -- finished! Yes, I am anal enough to write it down. The benedryl is for any allergic reaction you might have to the rituxin. Mom's was limited to "tight" head, like her allergies were acting up. It started to really bother her, so they stopped the rituxin for a while and shot her up with more benedryl. Frankly I don't know how she is still standing. I'd be passed out. Adrenalin I guess. The benedryl helped, with only dizziness an issue. Dr. Kalter came to keep on her about 10:45 a.m. Thanked her for coming back. Told us he'd be home all weekend and to call with any questions. I stepped out for a while to get her Leukerin filled ($106 per month). The pharmacy didn't have enough to complete the prescription, so they gave us a five-day supply and the rest will be in Tuesday. I also stopped at Luby's and picked her up some vegetable soup, which she ate without hesitation, finished it all and had no nausea. There were approximately 8 - 10 others getting treatment (various levels, various types of cancer) over the hours. Some had shunts; others had to get poked like mom. One man came in for a shot, another was in for his last treatment. All the others were women. All had breast cancer. Two had no hair. One wore a wig (she confessed, I'd have never guessed), another wore a bandana. Once, a young girl came from another room to use the bathroom. She looked gaunt and frail and, well, she looked like she was dying. It made me feel sick to my stomach. I called my friend Linda to give her a progress report and even though we were joyous about mom doing so well I told her, "Yes, but I look around the room and everyone there has cancer." We stopped at Phyllis' and the grocery store on the way home. I came home to grab some benedryl (yes, I know they carry that at the store), and post a blog before heading back over. She left a message for my brother and told him "it was not what she thought it would be." Thank God for that.

 Tomorrow is d-day. Or should that be c-day? Our first day of treatment. I feel a whole range of emotions. I can hardly wait for Saturday. Then tomorrow will be over. I am taking the day off so I can just hang out with her. I don't know that they will let me. But I'd be worthless at work anyway. I hope I can help entertain her or, whatever. Just to help her get through what is supposed to be the worst of it. O.K., so I am terrified. I don't think I have ever seen my mom sick. I mean really sick. She's beeen healthy all my life. There's that part of me that never wants to see her vunerable, although I must see it all the time. Dang this parent hat. She told my brother on Tuesday. I'm glad for that. He needs to know. For as much as I hate the parent hat, I'd rather be wearing it than be him anyday. I know there are lots of people out there praying for my mom, thinking positive thoughts. I am so grateful for that. I am grateful for all the kind words and just plain gracious treatment I've received these last few months. I am so lucky to know so many good people. That's what they say in a crisis, right? You find out who your true friends are.

 Thank you Jeff.

 After several months, mom finally committed today to chemo for her cutaneous t-cell (mycosis fungoides) lymphoma on her nose. Hallelujah! She starts treatment on Friday. Supposedly this first drip will be a "bear." I am curious to see what this really means. Like violently ill? Vomiting? Fever? Aches and pains? Is it an exaggeration? I'll let you know. The course of treatment: Immunological therapy - Rituxan once-a-week for eight weeks This is the drip therapy that starts out a bear and gets better. My notes from the first visit with the oncologist (6-14-01) say it will take 3-4 hours to work though (which I understand she will do in-office). Chemo - Leukeran This pill is taken twice daily for three to four months. Dr. Kalter promises no nausea or hair loss. I am afraid. Afraid of my roll in the decision-making process. For as much as I professed I would wait for her to decide on her own, the waiting was killing me. I'd come home almost everynight and cry at some point in the evening. Worry is exhausting. I finally had to put on my parent hat and for as much as I believe chemo is the right decision, she needs to believe it too. Sometimes our fear makes a situation worse than it would/should be. I hope her fear doesn't get the best of her. I hope this time next week her fear has turned to joy in realizing that she will survive this and kick it in the ass.

 I don't really know what this is to be. I just know I am supposed to be doing this right now. I make no promises for what you may find here.

 Dr. Kalter pronounced mom's nose looked "less angry" and ordered up another batch of treatment for Oct. 1-3. Oct. 3 is mom's 77th birthday. Whoo-hoo. Mom asked how many more treatments she would need (guess she didn't believe me or just really needed to hear it with her own ears). A maximum of four times, but I think it will almost be gone after this next treatment, he said. Guess the other two are for good measure. In the car she said I guess there are others who have treatment much worse than mine. I suppose so, I said. He told her she needed to "eat better" in the coming week. More protein. Perhaps so she'll be able to handle all three days this time. So her nerves won't make her so jittery. So she won't cry. It's been a wowza week at work. Like everyone else, the economic slump is hurting the bank. Thursday we announced an early retirement package to 265 employees. No, of course it's not mandatory. Couple this with a press release about lowering our operating earnings guidance for 2001 and office gossip shot off the Richter scale. And do people call Dick or Pat? Nooooo, they call me ... Are there layoffs? Are we in trouble? Is it a takeover? What else is coming?? And they are right. It's not over. Yesterday my boss told me that we are enacting a hiring and salary freeze. This will not be good for the morale of our people. I'm just grateful my raise -- effective Oct. 1 -- is still in place. The salary thing is announced Monday. I'm glad I'll be with mom getting chemo. Definitely the lesser of two evils! I'm not really sure what to do about Mom's birthday. I was hoping Oct. 3 would be day one, so she would still feel well enough to go out for dinner. Now, I don't think she'll feel well enough for cake. Days three through five were the worst last time. Maybe it will be better this time.

 Our appointment with the oncologist is Wednesday. I anticipate he will tell us she needs another treatment. I cannot anticipate her response. I mean, she can see it for herself. There's a difference, but it's not gone. But then, it's easy for me to say.

 My Aunt Patsy and Uncle Fagan surprised us by popping in for a visit this weekend. Mind you, they were "in the neighborhood" via Michigan. It was a pleasant surprise. I love seeing them and always wish we didn't live so far apart. Mom had yet to tell them of her lymphoma and chemo. She told me she'd tell them while they were in town, so I encouraged her to do it before dinner with my Godparents on Saturday, lest they spill the beans. I had already agreed to watch my Godson and his sister, so I missed dinner. We spent most of the day together and I find it interesting that she waited until I left to tell them. Guess she felt more secure doing it without my "she's fine" commentary. I tried to query them about it. Get a pulse. There didn't seem to be one. I felt disappointed. Still alone in the lymphoma boat with mom. I mean, I know that I am not alone . That a lot of people are with me in spirit. But I do feel alone.

 Today, after much pondering, we decided the trip to NYC is still on. While we never really discussed it, I think we each had inner turmoil about going. That the city would not be the same. That some of the things we'd like to do will be inaccessible (i.e.: #1 on my list -- The Statue of Liberty). And, will we feel safe? Individually we all admitted today that we would still like to go. To do our part for the economy. To prove that the terrorists can't keep us down. And, it's been clearly proven that we're not really safe anywhere, so why not!? I'm glad. I concede my enthusiasm has waned some. I do not find myself giggling with Linda, "We're going to New York, We're going to New York." Yes, I know we're adult women, but we're easily entertained. The three of us are going to meet this week and plot a basic itinerary of things to see and do. It's an odd combination of feelings . . . excitement, anticipation, worry.

 I haven't felt much like writing this past week. Too many emotions. Too hard to articulate. Mom is well. She feels like her old self (relatively speaking -- who really feels like their "old self" these days?). In total, she felt puny for four days. I can see a difference. It seems to be shrinking in diameter, but not in thickness. It still stands semi-tall. I told her she should expect to have at least one more treatment. She made a face. I reminded her that she felt bad for only four days. That's easy for you to say . Yes, it is, but you must remember it was only four days . I must sound to her like she has often sounded to me. It ain't pretty. We go back to the oncologist next Wednesday. Did I mention each session costs nearly $7000? Holy moly. How do people without insurance do it?? That's just for the first three individual sessions. Imagine what the three day segment will tally up to? In the meantime, on top of everything else, urlLink this scares me. What role did people in my town have in this devastating act? Are there more here? What will they do next? Will they do it here?

 Jack and Dot -- Thanks for sending mom the urlLink Smile Box . As she said, everyone could've used one of these today . It came on 9.11

 God Bless America, Land that I love Stand beside her, And guide her, Through the night With the light from above, From the mountains, To the prairies, To the ocean, White with foam, God bless America, My home sweet home. God bless America, My home sweet home.

 So I find it hard to write about a day the day after. I also worry I use "so" too much. Yesterday was a hard day. Mom was feeling really puny. Said she spent most of the day sleeping, not eating and drinking very little. I know you do what you can to abate an angry stomach, but she really needs more fluids to flush out her kidneys, etc... We're headed to the car when she pulls out a small trashcan to take with us, just in case . I concede my mantra became, "Please don't throw up. Please don't throw up." We get to the CTRC o.k. (hallelujah!) . We straight back to the treatment room, she sees the nurse and starts to cry. She really hates feeling sick . I totally understand, but... Cindy hooks her up to some saline and tries valiantly to calm her down. Finally gets Dr. Kalter. He comes in, chats for a minute, then tells her she won't have treatment today, "See you on the 26th." Huh? Doesn't missing today mean a make-up session? "No, she's got most of the good stuff already." Uh, o.k. Then why are the sessions three days if she doesn't really need today? They pump her up with two hours worth of fluids and a little sedative. I asked for some too, but they just laughed. Dang it. We stop at the store for new fluids and head home. Her spirits were definitely better by the time we left CTRC. I dunno. I look at the woman in the room with us who has been having treatment on-and-off for five years and I think "suck it up woman and get this last treatment -- this could be what throws you over the top for God's sake!" Just for the record: I think it, I don't say it. I save the real rantings for here. I spoke with her this morning. She sounds better and says she feels better. Not dizzy, still queasy. Dr. Kalter gave her some pills to help with the nausea. I told her I'd call later to see if she wanted to get out for a while.

 Mom sounds awful today. I could tell she was trying not to cry. She said she felt well enough to get up and get ready for work, but when she went to get the paper she felt dizzy, so she decided not to go. She says her stomach is upset. She sounds very tired. She doesn't want to go back for treatment today, but I reminded her that this would be it for the rest of the month. We go at 2:30 p.m.

 It seems mom really thinks tomorrow is it. My Godfather called tonight to ask when her birthday is and if we should throw her a party. I told him I thought we should wait and see how things go, that she may be in treatment that week. He told me, "but she said she only has one more." I told him that was wrong, and that it may be up to three more months. When I went to pick her up, the back door was unlocked and I went in to find her asleep. I said her name, but she didn't stir. I figured she was pretty tired, so I let her nap. It disturbs me that I could get in and watch t.v. for 15-20 minutes before she woke up. When she did, she didn't even notice me sitting there. She just picked up the paper and started reading. Needless to say, it startled her when I spoke. She told me as we went to dinner, I feel o.k., but I don't feel quite like myself . Ditto.

 This was an easy afternoon. In all, she was hooked up less than an hour. The first bag was anti-nausea medicine and the second was the fludarabine. She did ask for some ibuprofen for a headache, which is a side-effect from the nausea medicine. We're going to go to the store later and get some dinner. She seems more tired today, but continues to say she feels fine. She is still feeling light headed on occassion. Her walking was better today, less wobbly. As we were leaving the CTRC, she mentioned a woman she sat by yesterday who talked about having the same treatment and was coming back in three weeks. She said I hope I don't have to do that . I said, well yes . . . when we come back to see Dr. Kalter on the 26th he'll decide if you need to do this again. Another three days?! , with a big rolling of the eyes. I commented that the three days equaled to coming every Friday. Big issue: if she has treatment again, the six-hour day will fall on her birthday.

 Spoke with mom late last night and again this morning. She continues to feel well and without side-effect. She sounded really chipper this morning and told me again that I only need to come this afternoon if I want to. I'm thinking she felt really empowered to go on her own yesterday and maybe that strength is where this new "this is going really well" attitude is coming from.

 Jack and Dot ~~ thanks for sending her the card. It means a lot to her to hear from you. It prompted us to talk about finding a long weekend to come visit (one that you're not already booked up!). To everyone else ~~ please take a moment to sign my guestbook (right column, click on to everyone ) or send me an e-mail (right column, click on to me )(o.k., so I'm a former trainer, sue me) so I can see who's keeping up and which friends I should e-mail updates. Thanks.

 Yesterday we decided since this would be an "easy" day that mom would go to chemo on her own today. I had a travel day last week and two three-day workweeks would kill me (yes, I am that important!!)(ha!) I called her this morning to make sure she was o.k. She asked me, What time are you coming over? I reminded her of our conversation, but told her I could go if she wanted me to. She told me go to work . About 10:30 a.m. I called to see how things were going. Fine, they've given me nausea medicine. Huh? This is a first. Well, they're going to give me everything today . What? What have they given you? I don't know. You didn't ask?! No. She needs to go to the bathroom. I tell her when they come to unhook her to ask, "What am I taking today? How long will I be here?" and I'd call back in 20 minutes. I guess freaking out is how you could best describe my demeanor. I worried about her going alone (yes, I know she's an adult), hence the call this morning. Now, here's the news they are doing new things to her and I AM NOT THERE. Yes, there is a reason I am not a parent. We talk again. They are indeed giving her all three medications today. Now, either Dr. Kalter misspoke or I zoned out right next to mom when he broke the news on Friday. Perhaps I just have a more convincing "I'm paying attention face" (my college career still at work). She would like me to bring her some lunch (they are ballparking another four hours at this point). I am definitely in freaking out mode now, coupled with a minor work crisis (don't even ask). So, I explain the situation to my boss, pack my things and leave. After a stop at Wendy's (she loves the Frosty's), I find CTRC jam packed. When they say Friday is a slow day they are not kidding. I think at one point there was not one empty seat in the medium-sized waiting room. All ten chairs in the chemo room were filled. A mixed group. A man who snored ~ loudly~ for about two hours . . . right next to mom. Another elderly man next to mom on his second round of lung cancer. His first day back in treatment in seven years. An older woman (late 80's) who didn't speak English. Alone, getting chemo. Can you imagine? I immediately feel better. Something about seeing the toxic cocktail pumped in myself, I guess. We ate lunch and looked at some books and magazines Jill lent me from her Labor Day weekend jaunt to NYC. Mom seemed tired and thick tongued, yet . . . different. Today is really the first day she has talked to me about everything going so well. That she really feels fine. That I don't need to come tomorrow (appointment is at 3 p.m.). I think she's worried about me being worried (it's an inherited gene, trust me). I told her that if the roles were reversed I couldn't keep her away and she just smiled. I just feel better being there. Part of those control issues I should be working on. Yes, I do recognize it's not real control. But in my own little mind . . . I am one of them now. One of those caregivers who helps in the room. Talking to those alone. Volunteering to get them juice or a snack (there's a kitchen next door with juices, Boost drinks, power bars, rice krispie treats, etc...). Getting blankets/pillows/a magazine. Today I even offered to go get one guy a burger (he declined). It was 2-ish, he'd been there since before 10 a.m. and was in for about three more hours. For our last hour the room smelt like someone had an accident in the bathroom. I guess they can't really spray deodorizor/lysol for fear of getting the entire room going. Tomorrow should be a shorter day. She's glad to be able to go to a training session for her volunteer job beforehand. I told her we could meet at her place and go together. She just nodded o.k. I mean really, what's a few more hours on my earned 75-ish (now) days of sick leave? My boss told me to "do whatever I need to do," and I believe she is sincere. Friday will be another short day too. Again, the blue kool-aid. I'd be lying if I didn't say it was hard to watch it going into her veins. Her urine will be blue and her eyes/skin may get a blue tint too. I was glad to hear her joke about checking her for blue eyes tomorrow. It almost feels like she's really turned a corner, even though what she may go through in the coming days may be worse. That or she's fearful I'll cancel the NYC trip! I asked Marla, one of the nurses, what we should expect (she gave us two pages of possible side-effects, complications). She told us that things should continue to be o.k. That chemo is really about a cumulative response to the medicine and that mom should have enough rest time between treatments to keep her from getting too sick. She wanted to go home right after, and told me her legs felt wobbly. Could be the chemo. Could be sitting in a recliner for six hours.

 Saw Dr. Kalter today. The more we see him, the funnier and more gregarious he is. Mom will have treatment three next week and treatment four in December. She seems o.k. with the prospect. I do wish she was more "I'm fine" in front of the doctor. He asked a lot of questions today about how she's been feeling, etc... It took several proddings for her to say she feels fine in between sessions -- excluding that two/three day period post treatment. He did say there is a 30% chance it could pop-up somewhere else. That took me by surprise. Part of the denial I suppose. I just expected it to be gone forever once we are done here. The treatment in December will be at a new facility that sounds swanky. Private TV screens for each patient, leather chairs -- it all sounds very nice. Kalter said he expects the facility will eventually have it's own hospital attached. Saw Mr. Andrews -- our friend from earlier in the month. He seemed in good spirits. Day one of three. He did look tired. Has lost all of his hair (he actually showed me his bald head -- earlier in the month he refused) and is taking urlLink Procrit to feel better. I hope he is o.k.

 Mom finally went to the doctor and learned she had a viral infection, but is much better. We see Dr. Kalter on Monday (not 10/24). I suspect he will recommend at least one more treatment. Last week we added up her bills from August and September. $28,000. The first three-day treatment was $10,000. That means when we add October and the possible third three-dayer, her grand chemo total should be about $50,000! Totally amazing. I find that as we wait between treatments there is not much to blog about. Oh, yeah, there are lots of things I could blog about, but they'd be way off topic. So, after much consideration, that's where I'm headed. To a new look and new topics. I have no real goal for the new blog. Just ramblings about life in general and links to cool things I find. It's the writer in me that strives to find a balance between grinding out corporate schlock and an outlet for my creative juices. For the time being, you'll continue to find updates on mom here. But as things continue to wind down, you'll find other things here too....

 So mom sounds like crap. This is the second time in as many weeks the she's lost her voice with a bad cough. I asked tonight if she was planning on going to the doctor. Um, no. Chat more and she admits that it hurts when she coughs. Quickly followed by a lecture on taking better than usual care of herself, now is not the time to get sick. Blah, blah, blah. Oh, I'll see how I feel in the morning. Why is it when the shoe is on the other foot, parents are the worst about going to the doctor? But if I sounded like her and didn't go right now there'd be hell to pay?

 Mom had a good day today. Went to her normal volunteer job, to visit my Godmother and the grocery store. She said she felt punk mid-afternoon, which I later discerned to mean tired . Otherwise she feels fine. Hallelujah!

 Whoo-hoo! We made it! Three full days of treatment successfully completed! Mom felt fine all day. She had a little bout of nausea when she sat in the chair, but her pre-meds took care of that and she made it through treatment. We had birthday cake (what can I say, everyone likes chocolate cake for breakfast!), and got out in about 90 minutes. I think it was good for her spirits to have the whole room wishing her happy birthday (and it was a full house today). Even Dr. Kalter stopped by. She seems happy. Perhaps relieved that she made it. Even commented that if she does this again, they can leave the needle in all three days. We're talking major leaps and bounds here! This evening we paid off the remainder of our trip to NYC. Had dinner at Beto's, visited the Japanese Tea Gardens (hey, it's her birthday, not mine) and agreed that it had a pretty good day. As I walked into the office this morning I was thinking about this process and how I feel I have changed. Yeah, yeah, I know it's her cancer, but it's about me too. I feel more compassionate. More apt to help a stranger. Quicker to chide myself for being judgemental of the person in the car ahead of me. Snippy comments at work just pass right by. It's not a reality check I recommend for everyone, but it proves there is more to life than the petty stuff I used to worry or get angry about. Coupled with 9-11, I just feel different. A good different.

 Day two. Just four in the room during the 80-ish minutes we are there. Mr. Andrews (from yesterday), an older woman whose son waited in the waiting room, and a woman in for her second treatment. You could see the fear in her eyes. We all tried valiently to distract her while they put the needle in. She laughed. I got her juice. She felt better. I think it helps the newbies when everyone is so friendly. I know it helped me. Today they left mom's needle in. Secured with a clear bandaid and wrapped well with an ace-like bandage. Still, just the thought of a needle in your arm. All day and all night. Yuck. LaDonna was alone again today. She asked for my help in closing mom's tubing. "Are you squeemish?" she asked. I learned I'm not. Mr. Andrews talked about his port. It's surgically installed. He loved the "happy pills" they used to knock him out for surgery. He'd like to leave it in for a year. In case of a relapse. He showed it to me. How the long the tube is up into his neck. So it has a true main line to the blood flow. I warned LaDonna that mom cried her way out of the third treatment last time. She looked me square in the eye, "Well that does no one any good. Thanks for telling me." I told her it's mom's birthday and that I was bringing cake. We agreed that it might help her spirits. I saw Dr. Kalter in the hallway. He asked me how she was. I told him fine and that tomorrow was the true test. He told me, "Well her schnoz definitely looks better." We left there for an appointment with Dr. Diamond (another 90 minutes of just hanging out). Her cholesterol has gone up since she is off medication. She doesn't have to go back to physical therapy. Her sugar is good. See you in January. Five minutes. Tops. I got her some gerber daisies and will pick up the cake in the morning. My boss is out tomorrow, so if mom doesn't feel well I've decided I'm going to hang out with her. There is one thing worse than feeling crummy. Feeling crummy on your birthday ... alone.

 Remember the younger guy I wrote about? The one I thought was dying? He did. Saturday. He was 41. Colon cancer. He was 41 . Today was a five-hour day. She got the whole shee-bang. All three medicines. It was relatively quiet. Maybe 10 others had treatment while we were there. Loudly snoring man was back. Really, he dominates the room. It's obvious the benedryl knocks him for a loop. When I was taking lunch orders he couldn't even stay awake to reply (and trust me, this is not a man who misses many lunches). A new charming older man came today. His second of three day treatments, four large clear bags. He was to be there two hours after we left (seven hours!). They can't find his cancer (WHAT?!?). He was really tickled that I offered to bring him lunch -- even offered to pay for mine. He seemed really distressed to lose his hair (and what they heck are they giving him that he lost his hair after only one treatment?!). He was glad to hear we would be back tomorrow. "You'll be here too?" he asked me. Yep, that's my life. Search out the oldest man in the building and he'll be chatting with me. It's like I have some embedded homing device for men over 70. Sometimes it feels like those there alone are envious of mom. That I come to sit with her. Chat with her. I feel now like it's partly my job while I am there to watch over the others, even with a nurse on duty. Help wipe up spills. Get juice or water or rice krispie treats. I used to feel reserved. Look away. I mean, they have cancer . But now, I tell jokes or just listen and ask questions. It's the reporter in me. I really think people want you to ask questions. That maybe, I am the only person they will meet that day that will ask what chemo they are on, what kind of cancer, how are you feeling, any side effects, etc... Today on the way home I thought, "If I win the lottery, I will volunteer here." Me, the one who has to look away when the needle comes out. Besides a serious leg cramp mid-day she did fine. Felt well enough afterwards to hit tcby and a movie, urlLink Legally Blonde . It was cute. I was hoping it would be more clever, like urlLink Clueless . It wasn't. I ran into Dr. Kalter in the hallway. He asked if I thought mom would make all three days this time. I told I that I hoped so. I told him I see a difference since we were in on Wednesday. He stepped in to see her and agreed. She commented later that he was in rare form . I think it's because he smiled. Tomorrow we go back at 9 a.m. Then at 10:30 a.m. she has a check-up with her primary. Just a basic check-up. She's not planning to go to work after. I think she is getting the hang of this being off. Remembering now what it's like to be really retired. She told me this morning she wants to bring cake on Wednesday. I told her I'd already thought of that. I asked her what she wanted the cake to say. She said not Happy Chemo Day . Uh, I meant mom or Kay? She laughed and picked mom. I ordered it tonight. Chocolate. I hope she feels well enough to have a piece.

 The urlLink Friday Five 1. What did you have for dinner last night? Chili, skim milk and a skinny cow (have I mentioned I have lost 15 lbs?) 2. Do you ever get up for a midnight snack? Never. I have a hard enough time just getting up for work. 3. What's your favorite dessert? Right now, it's my daily urlLink mint skinny cow 4. Tell us something about you that would surprise us. I used to have a life that didn't include sitting on the couch. 5. How do you plan to spend your weekend? Tomorrow a road trip to Laredo with folks from the bank. Sunday is dedicated to recuperating.

 One week ago today I visited Strawberry Fields and the Imagine Memorial. Rest in peace George. Tomorrow, a day trip to Laredo. The epitome of border towns. What a difference a week makes.

 Beyond the normal "did you have a good trip?" questions, today I was most commonly asked: What shows did you see? None. Silence. o.k., obviously blew that one. What great restaurants did you eat at? Um, other than Tavern on the Green, we pretty much ate somewhere close. More silence. Gee, I hate to be such a disappointment. I also received this e-mail from my friend and massage therapist, Merilu: Dear Friends, I wanted you all to know that my sweet husband has cancer that has spread to his liver, esophagus, stomach. I don't know what to say, but to PLEASE keep praying for us. Dennis still doesn't know this. I am getting ready to go to the hospital now. (5:30 am) The doctor didn't not remove anything. He said there was over 50% of cancer in his liver. There is so much to think about. Please know that everyone of you are special to us. I will do by best to keep you informed. My mother is with me and I have a lot of wonderful family and friends helping. Love, Merilu If you are one who is inclined to pray for strangers, please add Merilu and Dennis to your list.

 Whew. Where to begin? I loved New York, but I am glad to be home. Wednesday We really just walked and walked and walked. Through Times Square and the theater district. The lights of Times Square are amazing. Breathtaking. Shocking. Had dinner at the Java Shop, where I saw Chris Noth, a.k.a. Mr. Big from Sex in the City. Thursday Had breakfast at a deli before staking out our standing spot for the Macys Thanksgiving Day Parade. We ended up across from the Ed Sullivan Theater, home of the David Letterman Show. I loved the parade. The balloons and celebrities just awesome! Had lunch at our hotel. A nice buffet, although their definition of traditional Thanksgiving dessert and mine were totally different. Bring on pumpkin pie. Pecan pie. Not flan or pink mousse!! That afternoon we walked over to Radio City Music Hall (we could see the marquee from our 42nd floor hotel room.) Wandered around Rockefeller Center. Watched the skaters, window shopped. Not much was open, but there were lots of people. Really enjoyed the Rockettes Christmas Spectacular. Walked down 5th avenue and wandered our way back to the hotel. Friday Hit the Today Show at 7 a.m. Us and hundreds of others. They had already closed the tourist area, so we went into Dean and Deluca for a bagel & coffee. Can I just mention how awesome a real bagel is? Andres Bocelli was the Today Show featured singer, so we wandered out to hear him sing. Just as we did, they opened up a new section behind the stage, so we got in and eventually got right up to the stanchion (those around us werent interested in an opera singer). He gave me goosebumps. The camera man was right in our section and mom and I were on TV!! Matt Lauer came around and shook hands with mom and I (o.k., o.k., and lots of other people too). Then Al Roker came by and I conversed with him about a recent Thanksgiving special he had on the Food Network. He stood near me and talked directly to me for a minute or so. Even so, I felt Matt was more personable and sincere (o.k., and better looking too). Katie was off. We had a hop-on, hop-off tour with Grayline, so we caught the bus up to Central Park. The leaves had just turned and were stunning. We just dont get "color" in Texas. Worked our way up to Strawberry Fields and the Imagine memorial. Sat for a while and just enjoyed the view. Then over to the Dakota (a pilgrimage for Linda) and back to Tavern on the Green for lunch. The food was really good and I see why the place is a popular tourist stop, but I must concede the chandeliers, wallpaper and other stuff border on gaudy. After lunch we visited the Rose Planetarium. It was Lindas primary destination (next to the Lennon pilgrimage). It didnt do much for me since it is based on the Big Bang theory and I dont believe that is how the universe was created. Perhaps I should have been able to separate my beliefs and enjoyed the place, but I couldnt. We grabbed a quick snack before attempting a Night Lights Tour. Grayline underestimated the response and didnt have enough buses. Luckily we could come back, but many others couldnt. The crowd moved as close to a riot as I have ever seen. Saturday After breakfast, we hopped on the bus to Macys. We mostly browsed, but we each made it home with something from the Worlds Largest Store. The morning started foggy and drizzly, but cleared up by the time we left the store. Back on the tour bus to Soho, Greenwich Village, Canal Street, Chinatown before lunching at Taormina in Little Italy. Then to Battery Park and the Staten Island Ferry. I really wanted to see the Statue of Liberty, but it is closed, so the ferry is the closest you can get. I think I sang (softly of course) God Bless America and America the Beautiful the entire ride. Finished up the day with the Night Light Tour. There are lots of lights in NYC. And not just in Times Square. I really enjoyed seeing the buildings lit up at night (from the top of a double decker bus its really a nice perspective). Sunday After my Krispie Kreme donut, it was off to the uptown tour past Central Park and into Harlem. I must commend the tour guides. They were interesting, entertaining and very knowledgeable. Mom wanted to hit Rockefeller Center on last time, so we did that before lunch at Stage Deli (yummy!), where we saw Jerry Springer (oooh, ahhhh whatever.) Unfortunately the shuttle service insisted we get to the airport way too early. I know we could have fit another something or two into the day. The flights were bumpy and we were stuck at OHare for four hours. It was 2 a.m. when I got home. But we got home safe and sound. So, beyond the play-by-play: I wont travel with Linda and my mom again. Linda wanted to go like great guns and mom cant. I felt bad for her. She cried last night when I dropped her off because she felt like her slowness held us back. I never want her to feel that way. I want her to go and have fun and not worry about others. Her hip hurt a lot from the walking. I could see that she was struggling, but when I would ask it was always, Im fine. I always forget between trips that Linda snores. I spent a lot of this trip very, very tired. I am not accustomed to sleeping with someone (not even my mom). Couple that with snoring and it was really hard on me. One morning I woke up crying I was so tired. Me being tired doesnt make for a happy camper, which can make for tense moments. I need my eight hours! Our hotel was in a prime location. I would recommend it. That and the tours. You can only read so much and pick up so many brochures. The tours were the perfect compliment to the trip. The weather was awesome. Excluding the one morning, it was sunny and clear each day. Sunday it was even warm enough to forgo my jacket. It was really, really nice. The only time I felt cold was at the parade. My feet felt frozen solid, but it was worth it. Truly, we could not have ordered better weather. The service was about what you expect it to be. Indifferent. Sometimes outright rude. The tourists were really nice (an amazing number from Texas every day we met someone from the Lone Star state). I guess beyond waiters and sales clerks, we didn't have much interaction with many locals ... and that's too bad. I would have liked more. It's the reporter in me. And finally. We chose not to visit Ground Zero. While it seemed an important destination for most every tourist we spoke with, none of us wanted to see it. But you do. In the faces of the passers-by. At the fire stations (ladder houses). The memorials and pictures and flags are everywhere. It is on the news every day. In the stories of the tour guides. You can smell it in the air. We saw bits of the building remains from a distance. I dont think you need to see Ground Zero to feel it. I'm glad we went. I will definitely go back some day. But I am glad to be home. Alone.

 Today I went to urlLink Ronnie Navarro's funeral. I've worked with his wife Gloria in many capacities in my nine years at the bank. He was 47. A heart attack nearly two weeks ago. They were waiting for him to get strong enough for surgery. They thought on Thursday he was ready. They thought wrong. I'm grateful some co-workers called to let me know. I am officially on vacation time. I would have either never seen today's obit or not seen it before the 9 a.m. funeral. Died Thursday, buried today. Talk about turnaround time. Monday will be the one-year anniversary of the death of Carole Arnold. I was on vacation then too. It seems something big always happens when I am on vacation. People die. Co-workers get fired (four in the last 18 months!). Big announcements are made. People should start to worry when I am away.

 It's purple !! I love it. Thanks, Jeff. (p.s. I like the orange.) Saw Harry Potter today. And after all the anticipation, now I don't want to talk about it. I really enjoyed it. Smiled lots, clapped, ooh'd and ahh'd, and will see it again on Sunday. I just don't want to be a spoiler to those who haven't seen it. Maybe I'll write more after I see it Sunday. I'd say the theater was about 3/4 full. A section was completely filled with what looked to be 4th or 5th graders. Not really sure I agree with that. Sure, it's good to encourage kids to read, but ... yeah, o.k., so maybe the person taking a vacation day today shouldn't be talking!

 Why, oh why, a plane crash? Why now? Why New York? Do I feel pangs of fear thinking about flying in and out of New York next week? Hell yes.

 I got an e-mail from my brother, I really do know better than to assume and I do know I shouldn't make assumptions - but... But I assumed that y'all had cancelled the New York trip after the WTC attack. I apologize for selling y'all short and I'm proud of you for not letting a group murders half way around the world scare you. That's us. Brave women. Armed with credit cards. Off to do our part for the economy. First Harry Potter. Then my first trip to NYC. I am beside myself with anticipation!!

 Saw urlLink Monsters, Inc., with my friend Michele and her son Tres (I know, I know, how South Texas can you get). I enjoyed it. The animation is awesome. It was so realistic that at points I felt pangs of motion sickness from the movement. Yeah, OK, so I'm a wuss. What's your point? Frankly, I am simply counting the days until urlLink Harry Potter . I've had my tickets for 12 days. Even taking a day of vacation on Friday to see the first show. Am I bordering on obsession? Well, nooo. I haven't read one magazine article and plan to tape tomorrow's urlLink Katie Couric special. I want to see it fresh. With no preconceived perceptions ... other than what my own imagination has conjured up from the books. I can hardly wait!! (Did I mention I bought a Harry Potter t-shirt months ago that I have been saving until Premiere Day?!) OK, well maybe a little obsessed. I sure hope she's working on the next book ...

 Mom did well with treatment this week. Went by herself. I thought it would be empowering for her, plus it helped my work schedule. She has had bouts of nausea that pass if she eats something. Otherwise, she's been feeling pretty good. Yesterday we laid off urlLink 73 people statewide. 34 in San Antonio. I have compiled a list of 28 so far. I've worked with at least half. Some more than others. One from my department. Many of us have had "What do they do?" conversations in the past that we were unable to answer. But, it certainly feels different to know now they are unemployed. In this economy. With so many others "downsizing" and posting hiring freezes. I'd say morale is low. With the hiring freeze and salary freeze, and now this. Especially when Dick says that we are not in trouble, that we are making money. I know this is a preemptive strike. And that many let go were on the "what do they do?" list. That 34 out of 1800 is nothing. 73 out of 3400+ is nothing. They said they hope this is a one time thing. But, they can't make any promises. No, I am not worried about my job. I can prove productivity. I have translatable skills that could be used across the board. I can churn out work. But it is still hard not to feel something. To have a tinge of worry. It certainly doesn't put me a mood to think about Christmas. It makes me feel Scroogish. I am definitely in batten-down-the-hatches mode. Plus, I hate buying gifts for people I don't even LIKE. Yes, I know I should be able to figure a way out of doing so, but thus far I haven't. There is a certain level of expectation because of the long-term relationships and an greater level of guilt from my mom. O.K., So maybe I should change the title of this blog to "this is me bitching."

 Happy New Year's Eve! Continuing with urlLink InStyle's New Year, New You . Today, Expand Your Mind . 5 Questions You Should Be Able to Answer: 1. Who is your favorite author and why? J.K. Rowling. I adore the Harry Potter books. They are the only books I have read multiple times ~~ ever . 2. What album "speaks" your life clearly? The last CD that fully spoke to me was urlLink Jagged Little Pill by Alanis Morissette. She was angry. I was angry. It was the perfect relationship. 3. Where would you live if you could live anywhere else? London. 4. What play or movie has had a big impact on your life and why? One of the few movies I can watch over and over is urlLink Field of Dreams . The scene where Ray and Anni discover they had the exact same dream about Wrigley Field gives me goosebumps every time. More than baseball, it's a movie about finding your dad. I don't know that it's had a big impact in my life, but I guess a part of me will always be searching for my dad. 5. What person in your life has influenced you the most and why? My mom. The good and the bad of who I am come from her. Sometimes I wish I had a little more of the good and less of the bad. Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. -- Mahatma Gandhi urlLink InStyle Bonus! 10 Things You Should Know How To Do: Download an MP3 file and play it. Read the stock pages and understand the basics of the market. Find the North Star. Use chopsticks ~~ correctly. Program your VCR to record your favorite shows. Play poker ~~ and bluff. Bake a killer dessert. Type without peeking. Drive a stick shift. Sew on a button. A new CD for a New year: urlLink Weathered by Creed. We've seen our share of ups and downs Oh how quickly life can turn around in an instant It feels so good to reunite Within yourself and within your mind Let's find peace there

 Guess what I did today? Clean. Maybe this writing stuff down and thinking it through is worth something afterall (see yesterday's #5).

 Yesterday's installment from urlLink InStyle focused on look inward . Today it is feather that nest . 9 Questions To Ask Yourself: 1. Are you happy to walk into your home? Yeah, generally I am. Although I do wish it was a house instead of an apartment. 2. Do you wake up in the morning feeling truly rested? I sleep well. I love my bed. I think the not-wanting-to-get-up thing has to do with work. 3. Are you comfortable walking barefoot at home? Except for maybe the kitchen? 4. Is your closet organized enough that you could be dressed in 15 minutes. Yes. But I think that it has to do with not having a large wardrobe. What can I say? I missed getting the shopping gene most women have. 5. Are there enough quality ingredients in your kitchen that you could throw an impromptu pasta dinner for four? No. 6. Is lighting in your house pleasant and effective? Can some of the lights be dimmed? Yes and no. 7. Do you have a comfy private space -- to read, talk on the phone or watch TV -- that's not your bed? I live alone so every space is private. The couch. 8. Do you have a couple of good bottles of good wine and the makings of one classic cocktail on hand? One bottle of Merlot. Does a Diet Coke and Rum count? 9. Can you play music throughout your home -- even in the bedroom and bath? Yes. Have nothing in your house that you do not know to be useful ot believe to be beautiful. -- William Morris I don't think my apartment is truly reflective of me. I got most of my furniture as a hodgepodge start that I have just kept all these years. I love urlLink leather (more brown or caramel though), but this looks urlLink comfy . So does this urlLink this . In my small apartment, I could fit a urlLink small dining set like this, but would love a house for a larger set like urlLink this or urlLink this . Love the urlLink purple . Wow, very urlLink retro . Check out "view in a room". This urlLink place setting is hard to see in the picture, but the platinum is really hearts. Tomorrow ... expand your mind .

 I wasn't going to write again today, but I came across urlLink Amanda . She is a former cutter. I read her story. I looked at her pictures. Her story speaks for urlLink itself .

 New Year, New You This is what I am working toward. I started by losing some weight and plan to continue on that journey. But, more than anything I need to figure out where (and why) I lost my power and find it again. To that end, this blog may get really boring as I look to find questions and answers to my life. They must often change, who would be constant in happiness and wisdom. -- Confucius That's me, looking for change. The January issue of urlLink InStyle (the article is not included on-line) has a series on New Year, New You . It includes a series of questions that are interesting to me. Today I start with 7 Questions To Ask About Your Life : 1. Can you recall a meaningful family moment in the past week? Christmas was nice. I'm not sure how meaningful it was. 2. Have you stopped asking, "What will I be when I grow up?" No. Guess that means I am not doing what I am supposed to be doing. But, what is that?? 3. When did you last help someone less fortunate without using your checkbook? Ummm, Day of Caring back in October. We worked with the ARC Group. Severally mentally and physically disabled adults. It was really hard and made me feel really sad. Gee, you'd think since my job is to coordinate the volunteers I might actually volunteer on occasion. 4. What was the last, spontaneous, even, silly, thing you did? God. When did I get this old? 5. When you hear the word "home," what comes to mind, chaos or comfort? Chaos. I either need to find myself a good cleaning person or learn how to make cleaning a habit. 6. Do you spend time alone indulging yourself without guilt? I spend an extraordinary amount of time alone. Indulging myself? Not usually. 7. Imagine yourself in 20 years looking back on your life today. Any regrets? Yes. Whew. I don't think I am ready to touch this one other than acknowledging I will be disappointed in myself if this is all there is.

 My 2002 love forecast per urlLink msn.com : Virgo: July 10, 2002 is the day every Virgo will suddenly have more sparkle, sizzle and sex appeal. Make the most out of every opportunity to attract a lover because your luck will only last until August 7th. Great, so basically I have less than one month to latch onto a man during the hottest two months of the year. Tantalizing.

 I used my urlLink amazon.com gift certificate to order a one-year subscription to urlLink Health magazine. This year I have let all my magazine subscriptions run out, so I could see which ones I really missed most. All I subscribe to now is: urlLink Marie Claire ~~ this is an empowering magazine that I would encourage all women to read. urlLink InStyle ~~ Yes, I know this is pretty much the same fluff as say urlLink People or urlLink Entertainment Weekly , it's just classier looking fluff. It's my way of living vicariously through the rich and famous. urlLink Rosie ~~ I am not a huge Rosie fan, but I picked up her magazine at the doctor's office and couldn't put it down. She has good interviews, interesting features and special segments (5-6 articles on one subject, like breast cancer). I used her brittle recipe from the December issue in my candy-making endeavor ... it was relatively simple ~~ even for me! (Remember, I have to pull out the cookbook to make hardboiled eggs!). Wow. I didn't realize I was down to three magazines. Now four. Hmmm... maybe I'll start back the urlLink Disney Magazine too. (What can I say, I am a 12-year-old at heart!). You name it and I used to subscribe to it. Some I still read at work: urlLink Newsweek , urlLink Time and urlLink Texas Monthly . Others I outgrew like urlLink Cosmo , urlLink Mademoiselle and urlLink Glamour . The fluff of urlLink People , urlLink EW and urlLink Soap Opera Digest got too expensive. I refuse to pay $50 for a magazine subscription . I've done urlLink Cooking Light , urlLink Prevention , urlLink Shape , urlLink Self and countless others. Sometimes all at the same time! I am really into books this year. Right now I am loving urlLink A Fine Balance . I've probably read 50 books this year. I should keep better track. A few that stood out include: urlLink House of Sand and Fog , urlLink Open House , urlLink The Best American Travel Writing 2000 , urlLink The Girl with a Pearl Earring and, of course, urlLink The Red Tent . Earlier in the year, while I was in the two-month walking pneumonia and strep throat phase, I started the urlLink Mitford Series . It's true "gentle fiction" about the life of a small-town rector. I suspect it's not for everyone, but I love, love , loved the series! The book I disliked the most this year: urlLink Shopgirl: A Novella . I found it dull and crass ... did I mention dull? Note to self, use blog to keep list of books read.

 This seems like an oxymoron to me, but could be a bonus for those of you who may have missed an episode (gasp!). An urlLink Alias marathon on the urlLink abc family channel on Tuesday, January 1, 2002 ~~ New Year's Day . Uh, yeah, cause it's a family show.

 The urlLink Friday Five (holy smackers, these are hard!): 1. What was your biggest accomplishment this year? Learning that I am strong enough to face any challenges life may bring my mom. Even though hers was a "simple" cancer, hearing the word, having an oncologist, choosing chemotherapy, getting treatment ... watching strangers die ... I always worried what I would do when the day came. And now I know. 2. What was your biggest disappointment? Oh, I'm sure I could come up with one (or 12), but right now I am listening to Oprah's urlLink Thank You Day show, and she has survivors of September 11 on. It makes me feel like my disappointments are a little petty. 3. Will you be making any New Year's resolutions? Yes: lose 12 more pounds (I've lost urlLink 18 since Sept. 4 ~~ although I may be up a few with all the holiday goodies. Who knew eggnog was such a weakness?); try to get in a little exercise; have a more structured budget; travel more (only two trips this year. Wah!); and find my power . 4. Where do you wish you were celebrating? Golly. The possiblities are endless. In Reed City, Michigan, with my Aunt Patsy and Uncle Fagan. In Sherborne, UK, with cousin Howard. In Salt Lake City with Karla and Roger. Perhaps London or Paris or someplace in Italy. Australia. A quiet beach in Costa Rica. Walt Disney World. Bet you can't figure out what I would do if I won the lottery!! 5. What do you plan to do for New Year's Eve? I enjoy going to Linda's. We play games, watch TV, drink a little, eat a little, laugh a lot. Sounds like a plan to me.

 Today in the shower I used a Christmas gift from mom, urlLink Ginger Body Scrub . My skin feels dreamy and smells wonderful too. Make sure you don't use it with open wounds -- it'll let you know if you have even the tiniest paper cut!! The set came with Ginger Souffle body cream and a Ginger mini pillar candle. Product (and gift) rating: ****

 I find I can't watch Sami and Roman converse without looking at Roman and thinking Chris Kositchek .

 A smoked turkey sandwich and a vacation day. Life is good.

 hmmm. Interesting. I am #6 out of 61,863 finds in an Alta Vista search for "hairless." I imagine if you are coming here for that, it is very disappointing. Unless you want to read about hairless cancer patients.

 My downstairs neighbor has no rhythm. If you know what I mean. He is pretty verbal, which can be good, but rhythmically he sounds ... awkward. I've never heard a peep out of her (yes, I'm certain there's someone else down there), which makes me wonder if ... ok, I am going to take my shower now.

 The 10 most recently updated urlLink blogs list is stuck. Like many others (according to urlLink here ), I have looked at all ten. What can I say? I have about 75 channels on my digital cable (minus the Spanish language, sports, home shopping networks and "community" channels) and there is NOTHING on television tonight. Guess I will catch up on my urlLink soaps . Or maybe spend the urlLink amazon.com gift certificate I got for Christmas. Or maybe play a little more urlLink bejeweled (Save yourself! Flee! Don't go there!).

 o.k., I know these are sporadic, short bursts of details, but I told you ... withdrawal was kicking in. I spent part of today with my mom and Godmother. This is the third time I have seen Gina in a week. Each time she has struggled with her words. It is so hard to watch the alzheimer's setting in. In the past I have been able to guess her train of thought and we could have pretty full conversations. No more. On Tuesday she asked me, Do you understand what I am saying? I honestly had to answer no . I said it in a funny way and we laughed, but it hurts. Sometimes there is not one real word in the sentences she puts together. Nothing comprehensible. She used to be such a vital, important part of my life ... the three of us used to spend a lot of time together. I feel myself pulling away so that I can remember her the way she was. And that's not good either. What's even worse is I see mom doing it too.

 Back to the counter thingie real quick. Any ... I see you out there ... why aren't you urlLink blogging ?

 If you have the least little bit of an addictive personality (like me), do not, I repeat DO NOT go urlLink here . This is how I have been filling my blogger hours.

 So, I got this counter thingie last week, thinking I'd see who comes to my blog. What I've learned is that IP addresses mean nothing to me. I did learn that Jennifer Delia links to me, so let me link you to urlLink her . I mean that's the best part of blogger world. Linking and reading and learning about others. It's my way to travel when I can't afford to.

 Blogger, my blogger, oh I have missed you so!! Really, I think I was about to go through withdrawal! Ev -- Thanks for this wonderful tool you provide, for working on your holiday and a pox on the crackers who have nothing better to do with their time (they're just jealous of you!).

 From the January issue of urlLink Self magazine ( urlLink spy girl is on the cover), 20 ways to find Joy , #19: Describe the last thing that moved you to tears. The memory of love. Describe the most beautiful thing you've seen in recent memory. The Statue of Liberty. If you learned anything in the last month it was: I am unsatisfied with my current working conditions. If the weather today were a piece of fabric, it would be: Bright shiney yellow plastic, like a rain slicker. Cool to the touch, but bright and cheery. It is a gorgeous, albeit chilly, day. Describe a pungent smell you smelled recently. What did it remind you of? The smell of a hospital. Death. Describe the most delicious thing you've eaten in recent memory. Seared tuna with spinach at urlLink Silo last Monday. The spinach was yummy. Can it be me? Thinking of spinach as the most recent "delicious" thing?! The world must be ending soon. These are select questions from urlLink How Much Joy Can You Stand?

 I often think I don't know what true love is. I mean honest, innocent, true love. Then I get a reminder. Last night on the way to mom's for 11 p.m. Christmas Carol service (which deserves it own post ... what ever happened to showing reverence while in the House of God or at the very lest being respectfully quiet for other worshippers? Oops, I digress). So, I am in the car and I just start bawling. Not simple, slow tears. Bright red nose, no-more-mascara crying. Because I do remember what true love feels like. It feels like Michael and Austin. After ten years apart it startles me that I can still miss them so much and reminds me that I have fallen truly, madly, deeply, in love. Yeah, so they were like 2- and 4-years-old at the time. But, it was true love like I had never known before them or felt since. They are why Christmas just doesn't feel like Christmas anymore. Merry Christmas to "my" boys. I love you and I miss you. Still.

 Yippee! I just noticed Santa came early with a Christmas Eve present! A Chinese Spirit bracelet with charms for: spirit, courage, destiny, good omen, revelation, peace, reverence, eternity, clarity, perseverance. Here's hoping for an enlightened 2002. Thank you Karla.

 One thing I find interesting about blogs is that they, well, "borrow" ideas from each other liberally. One takes the infamous "Cast Away" quiz (would you be Ginger or Mary Ann?), everyone follows and all blogs have the Skipper or Gilligan picture on their page. So, here I borrow: I came to urlLink NJMike via urlLink gigglechick and I ditto what Mike says. It's a urlLink beautiful story . And, the urlLink Urban Myth site is an interesting find.

 Jeff -- thought you might like to get in on this urlLink one .

 Hmmm ... I will have to think about this urlLink one .

 Yup. Christmas is all about kids. What a grand time. I so appreciate Sandy giving me a list of the "most" wanted items. I really had a jackpot night with sparkling eyes and genuine thank you's from two very happy kids. Man, I feel so grateful and very lucky to have them in my life.

 I don't envy Time, Biography and the other mediums who choose to honor one person each year. This year, how do you choose just one? one from the 300+ heroes who died rushing to the rescue one from the passengers used as human bombs one from those who sacrificed their lives with a simple, Let's roll! one from the thousands who went to work like it was any other day one from the co-worker who led his friends to safety one from those who stayed behind with those who wouldn't make it one from the heroes who continue searching for their comrades one from the survivors who must wonder why not me? one from the children, spouses, parents, siblings left behind No, I don't think I could choose just one. But, I am glad they chose Rudy: Time Magazine's urlLink Person of the Year A&E's urlLink Biography of the Year 2001

 I don't know what scares me worse ... that I watch enough of the Disney channel to be able to vote in the urlLink Zoog Disney year-end poll or that I care enough to actually do it. Course, I voted urlLink here too.

 Brrr. Only in Texas can we go from wearing shorts and sandals one day to freezing the next. I think I am pretty much done with my shopping. I am debating one more item for mom. I am thinking an outfit or shoes. I haven't decided. I may get up at crack 'o dawn tomorrow and hit the mall with the masses. I went to the grocery store at 8:30 a.m. (can you even believe I was up?) to beat the crowds. One of my gifts includes a six-pack of beer, which I totally forgot you can't buy before noon, so that means another trip to the store later -- when everyone is already up. Can you tell I am into crowds? Yesterday I was so rage-against-the-traffic. So not me. I really tried to have the "now be in the holiday spirit" attitude, but it didn't work. I think it has to do with the whole not-liking-the-people-I-work-with thing and trying to decide what to do. I told mom yesterday that I am thinking I will look for a new job next year. I was totally hoping for the ten year pin, but I don't think I can hold out that long. Now to figure out where I would like to go and what I would really like to do. Maybe it's my 40's mid-life crisis, just a few years early. I am putting off the inevitable. Wrapping presents. Don't get me wrong, I like wrapping presents. I just find Christmas to be so not-Christmas-like anymore (I am into dashes this morning!). I can hardly believe tomorrow is Christmas Eve. It just feels surreal. Like life is going along at this extraordinarily fast clip and I am just barely keeping up. I keep thinking, When did I get so Scroogish? When did I get so cheap?? So is it that if you don't have any kids Christmas is just no fun anymore? Especially when you get stuck doing dinner and such with people you really don't like? I just wish I could do something different. Yes, I know I have been bitching about this for years now. But here's my dilemma, I can: a) spend the holidays with mom (and get stuck with the others unless we travel far away) b) not spend the holidays with mom Granted, she may live to 100, but she's 77, I just can't take the time we have together foregranted. So here I am, joyfully and eagerly awaiting the holiday. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Tonight a Christmas party at Sandy's. Finally, some kids to get excited with! Do I sound like my biological clock is ticking? It's not. Not really, anyway. Some days I'll see something that makes me think, Oh, I'd like one of those. But most days I don't. I love being around kids, but I am also glad to go home by myself . Some days I wonder if it would change who I am (for the better). Most days I know I will never know. Whew, this is awfully philosophical so early ... o.k., not so early in the morning. Perhaps I need to go wrap now ... p.s. for those of you who lost sleep last night, my template is back today!

 Hmmm...where is my template? All I get is a blank box. I would like to add this html: urlLink target="_top"> alt="Bravenet.com" border="0" /> I'm putting it here so I don't lose it. Hmmm...I swear I didn't touch anything!

 Happy Birthday Sandy. Welcome to the wonderful world of 36.

 Today I bought urlLink A Fine Balance . I'll let you know what I think. I've begun to categorize the year: What's the best book I have read this year? CD I bought? Here's where I stand: Best book: urlLink The Red Tent by Anita Diamont It's one of those books that makes you think, Wow I wish I could write like this. It is a powerful, compelling story, with well-formed characters. A dynamic storyline. A must read. Best CD: Everyday by the urlLink Dave Matthews Band When Dave sings, "When the world ends, Collect your things, You're coming with me ..." I am like so there. I also like Everyday, "Pick me up love!" ( please!? ) I don't know about Best Movie. Not one comes to mind. Of course, my most anticipated movie of the year was urlLink Harry Potter and I did enjoy it a lot. Twice.

 I find I think in "blog" a lot. Something writable will strike me and I'll wish for a computer (which is never handy). It's kind of like Quoyle in urlLink The Shipping News . He thinks in headlines and I think that's really cool.

 urlLink Friday Five 1. What is the weirdest thing you've ever eaten? I'm pretty adventurous, and will try just about anything ... so I'll have to go with a fly that flew in while I was flappin' my yap at about 9- or 10-years-old. 2. Name one (material) thing you can't live without. Books. 3. Name something you've always wanted to do but didn't have time for. If I had the time and the money, I'd drive across the United States, admiring our great country, visiting places I'd never see otherwise and write about it. 4. What outrageous thing do you wish you had the nerve to do? Hmmm. Bungee jump. Sky dive. Become an astronaut. 5. How do you plan to spend your weekend? Tonight, a Spurs game (welcome home urlLink Avery !). I need three to five more gifts. Some of which I am totally blanking on. Plus, I've got to get to the grocery store to get whatever it is I'm supposed to bring for Christmas dinner (me and 10,000 others). And to cap of the weekend, a holiday party at Sandy's house.

 Go urlLink Spurs Go!

 You go, spy girl! urlLink Alias and Jennifer Garner are urlLink Golden Globe nominees: BEST TELEVISION SERIES - DRAMA a. 24 b. ALIAS c. CSI: CRIME SCENE INVESTIGATION d. SIX FEET UNDER e. THE SOPRANOS f. THE WEST WING BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A TELEVISION SERIES - DRAMA a. LORRAINE BRACCO ~ The Sopranos b. AMY BRENNEMAN ~ Judging Amy c. EDIE FALCO ~ The Sopranos d. JENNIFER GARNER ~ Alias e. LAUREN GRAHAM ~ Gilmore Girls f. MARG HELGENBERGER ~ CSI: Crime Scene Investigation g. SELA WARD ~ Once and Again

 It's official. I am on vacation. I can't even begin to tell you how happy this makes me.

 Check out the urlLink world's funniest joke(s) .

 Mom came over tonight to help me package the candy I made for the office. Her cough is still yucky. This is why I am not a parent. I am lacking the ability to listen to someone else hacking without experiencing the gag reflex impulse. I have about 10 pounds of candy to deliver to co-workers tomorrow. Each in it's own chinese takeout style box with Christmas saran wrap. I'm feeling more particular about who's on my list now that I have seen the stash all prettied up ... it seems more valuable. Certainly for our support staff, and my friends Tim and Sandy for all their intranet help this year. I made single item packets for Linda and Elizabeth, and added some tea tins for the two who surprised me with presents earlier in the week ( hate it when that happens). I guess we'll just see how generous I am feeling tomorrow. Which by the way, is my Friday. No more work until January 2, 2002. Hallelujah!! Now. If only my Christmas shopping was done.

 Found this urlLink here : 1. Shoes on or off? off 2. Meat or vegetables? meat (which is not really good for the diet ... -18 lbs. now) 3. Desktop or Notebook? desktop 4. Red or green? red 5. Coke or Pepsi? Coke 6. Tidy or messy? tidy at work, messy at home 7. Reading or Writing? read at home, write at work 8. The letter K or the letter Q? k 9. Square or circle? circle 10. Rain or snow? if you've read this blog in the last week, you know the answer to this one (and it ain't rain).

 from my friend Jill ... a nice reminder ... 1. Last Christmas we were thinking about all the things we didn't have; this Christmas we are thinking about all the things we do have. 2. Last Christmas we were placing wreaths on the doors of our homes; this Christmas we are placing wreaths on the graves of our heroes. 3. Last Christmas we were letting our sons play with toy guns; this Christmas we are teaching them that guns are not toys. 4. Last Christmas we were counting our money; this Christmas we are counting our blessings. 5. Last Christmas we paid lip service to the real meaning of the holidays; this Christmas we are paying homage to it. 6. Last Christmas we were lighting candles to decorate; this Christmas we are lighting candles to commemorate. 7. Last Christmas we were digging deep into our bank accounts to find money to fly home for the holidays; this Christmas we are digging deep into our souls to find courage to do so. 8. Last Christmas we were trying not to let annoying relatives get the best of us; this Christmas we are trying to give the best of ourselves to them. 9. Last Christmas we thought it was enough to celebrate the holidays; this Christmas we know we must also find ways to consecrate them. 10. Last Christmas we thought a man who could rush down a football field was a hero; this Christmas we know a man who rushes into a burning building is the real one. 11. Last Christmas we were thinking about the madness of the holidays; this Christmas we are thinking about the meaning of them. 12. Last Christmas we were getting on one anothers nerves; this Christmas we are getting on our knees. 13. Last Christmas we were giving thanks for gifts from stores; this Christmas we are giving thanks for gifts from God. 14. Last Christmas we were wondering how to give our children all the things that money can buy the hottest toys, the latest fashions, the newest gadgets; this Christmas we are wondering how to give them all the things it can't a sense of security, safety, peace. 15. Last Christmas we were thinking about all the pressure we are under at the office; this Christmas we are thinking about the people that no longer have an office to go to. 16. Last Christmas we were singing carols; this Christmas we are singing anthems. 17. Last Christmas we were thinking how good it would feel to be affluent; this Christmas we are thinking how good it feels to be alive. 18. Last Christmas we thought angels were in heaven; this Christmas we know some are right here on earth. 19. Last Christmas we were contemplating all the changes we wanted to make in the New Year; this Christmas we are contemplating all the changes we will have to make in this new reality. 20. Last Christmas we believed in the power of the pocketbook; this Christmas we believe in the power of prayer. 21. Last Christmas we were sharing/spreading/listening to gossip; this Christmas we are sharing/spreading/listening to the gospel. 22. Last Christmas we were complaining about how much of our earnings went to pay taxes; this Christmas we comprehend that freedom isnt free. 23. Last Christmas we valued things that were costly; this Christmas we value things that are holy. 24. Last Christmas the people we idolized wore football, basketball, and baseball uniforms; this Christmas the people we idolize wear police, firefighter, and military uniforms. 25. Last Christmas "peace on earth" was something we prayed for on Sunday mornings; now it is something we pray for every day.

 There's something I must confess. Something I've been thinking that makes me feel terribly guilty. It's been going on a while now. A thought process I haven't had in years . Let alone felt the need to say out loud. Fear of the repercussion, I suppose. But, here goes ... I wish it would stop raining. Really, I never thought I would say that again. Not while living in San Antonio anyway. We have had so many years of drought. Of water restrictions. Of brown grass and endangered species. The wish for it to stop raining? I feel guilty!! But, it has rained every weekend this month. Notice, I did not say all month or some similar descriptive that would allow you to believe that it rains during the week too. Oh, no. These are lovely weekend rains. Yesterday it rained so hard and for so long that: a) I had to give up on my Christmas shopping. Something about dripping through a store is not appealing (to me or the store), and b) I worried that it would progress to a true San Antonio flood (hence canceling the office party, but no luck there). And now, again today: urlLink an 80 percent chance of showers or thunderstorms with Flash flood watch through noon . But, it will be sunny tomorrow. Whoo-hoo. I think it is some sort of Christmas conspiracy. Punishment for waiting until the very last paycheck available to buy the bulk of my gifts. A pox on my poor attitude about buying gifts for people I never see, plus the ones I don't even like (the mom guilt thing, remember? I can't figure a way out of it and my ego is too big to buy cheap/ugly gifts).

 Yes, o.k., so I know I am the only person on the planet who shows up at her bosses house on time and leaves at 10 p.m. sharp . I'm a nerd. So what? I arrive before anyone else (actually one person beat me today -- first time out of like six parties), make witty conversation and be the center of attention for my 15 minutes. I don't drink too much or become obnoxious, and I leave before people start spilling their red wine on the white bedspread, leave their foot prints in the master bathtub or yell obscenities at the Episcopalian minister that lives next door (true stories). Mind you, she is an Executive Vice President in a $360,000 home. The woman controls our raises. I hope my good behavior is worth something someday. I brought home $20 worth of scratch-off tickets (the person who won my Pier One candle & holder didn't seem enthused). It was, in all, a pleasant evening. It's catered with two waiters. Nice hors d'oeuvres, salad, pasta, dessert and alcoholic beverages. Thank God for my friend Jill. She is truly my lifesaver. I am so grateful she's moved to our department. I will probably leave the bank when she is moved to "fix" another project. I felt like I looked good. I wore a velvet outfit ~ sleeve-less top, long shirt, bare legs and Christmas mules, with a red, glittery sweater over my shoulders (it's too warm to wear). I didn't over-indulge, but I did enjoy a bit of everything. Back on the diet tomorrow. Now I am listening to urlLink Nigella cook. Really, if I were a guy, she would do it for me. Voluptuous, licks her fingers a lot, obviously loves food ... Course, I love urlLink The Naked Chef too. Maybe it's the accent.

 Time to start getting ready for the department holiday party (we call it that for the urlLink non-Christmas celebrators). Whoo-hoo. I can barely contain my enthusiasm.

 Raves about my urlLink show . You know the urlLink one . You go, spy girl.

 A drum roll please ... it's time for the urlLink Friday Five (yes, I know it's Saturday): 1. What did you want to be when you grew up? The next Barbara Walters. 2. Do you have any nicknames? I'm not sure how to spell it, but it sounds something like Sooz. 3. If you could change something about yourself what would it be? That I liked exercise and other forms of physical activity. 4. Have you ever bought anything from an infomercial? Yes. Some sort of exercise thingie that I sent back. 5. How do you plan to spend your weekend? Christmas shopping, the department holiday party, making cookies. I also need to address Christmas cards and buy the supplies for the candy (fudge, brittle and rum balls) I am making this week for people at work.

 I could read blogs forever. Linking to one links to another and so on and so forth. It's amazing to me how many smart, funny people who are capable of putting together complete sentences there are out there in the world. It's also intimidating. How does one compete? I guess I can only be me. We had our end-of-year tonight for my volunteer group. They gave me a $75 gift certificate to urlLink Pottery Barn and a gift certificate for a back & neck chiromassage, manicure and herbal foot wrap. Yippee! Santa came early! We had a yummy dinner (o.k., and dessert too) at urlLink Paesano's . I'm going to waddle out to the couch and start on my thank you notes now ...

 What I'm reading now: urlLink The Dance , by Oriah Mountain Dancer. As you might suspect from the author's name, it's new age-y spirituality. I bought it in October and have read a chapter here and there. It was the quotation on the cover that caught my eye: what if the question is not why am i so infrequently the person i really want to be, but why do i so infrequently want to be the person i really am? I was intrigued, but passed it up at the time. Then, every single time I went to the bookstore, I saw it. In a different place every time. After like the third or fourth time, I decided I was supposed to read this book.

 Wow. Try this urlLink color test my brother sent me. My "Personal Profile" is probably a little more accurate than I am willing to admit to right now.

 Mom e-mailed me this today. I just had to share: Thou Shalt Not Skim Flavor From The Holidays --------------------------------------------- By Craig Wilson, USA TODAY I hate this time of year. Not for its crass commercialism and forced frivolity, but because it's the season when the food police come out with their wagging fingers and annual tips on how to get through the holidays without gaining 10 pounds. You can't pick up a magazine without finding a list of holiday eating dos and don'ts. Eliminate second helpings, high-calorie sauces and cookies made with butter, they say. Fill up on vegetable sticks, they say. Good grief. Is your favorite childhood memory of Christmas a carrot stick? I didnt think so. Isn't mine, either. A carrot was something you left for Rudolph. I have my own list of tips for holiday eating. I assure you, if you follow them, you'll be fat and happy. So what if you don't make it to New Year's? Your pants won't fit anymore, anyway. 1. About those carrot sticks. Avoid them. Anyone who puts carrots on a holiday buffet table knows nothing of the Christmas spirit. In fact, if you see carrots, leave immediately. Go next door, where they're serving rum balls. 2. Drink as much eggnog as you can. And quickly. Like fine single-malt scotch, it's rare. In fact, it's even rarer than single-malt scotch. You can't find it any other time of year but now. So drink up! Who cares that it has 10,000 calories in every sip? It's not as if you're going to turn into an egg-nogaholic or something. It's a treat. Enjoy it. Have one for me. Have two. Its later than you think. Its Christmas! 3. If something comes with gravy, use it. That's the whole point of gravy. Pour it on. Make a volcano out of your mashed potatoes. Fill it with gravy. Eat the volcano. Repeat. 4. As for mashed potatoes, always ask if they're made with skim milk or whole milk. If it's skim, pass. Why bother? It's like buying a sports car with an automatic transmission. 5. Do not have a snack before going to a party in an effort to control your eating. The whole point of going to a Christmas party is to eat other people's food for free. Lots of it. Hello? Remember college? 6. Under no circumstances should you exercise between now and New Year's. You can do that in January when you have nothing else to do. This is the time for long naps, which you'll need after circling the buffet table while carrying a 10-pound plate of food and that vat of eggnog. 7. If you come across something really good at a buffet table, like frosted Christmas cookies in the shape and size of Santa, position yourself near them and don't budge. Have as many as you can before becoming the center of attention. They're like a beautiful pair of shoes. You can't leave them behind. You're not going to see them again. 8. Same for pies. Apple. Pumpkin. Mincemeat. Have a slice of each. Or, if you don't like mincemeat, have two apples and one pumpkin. Always have three. When else do you get to have more than one dessert? Labor Day? 9. Did someone mention fruitcake? Granted, it's loaded with the mandatory celebratory calories, but avoid it at all cost. I mean, have some standards, mate. 10. And one final tip: If you don't feel terrible when you leave the party or get up from the table, you haven't been paying attention. Reread tips. Start over. But hurry! Cookieless January is just around the corner.

 Well, Dr. Kalter thinks mom has walking pneumonia, so he gave her a prescription for antibiotics and a reprieve until January 7. It will make the holidays easier because she doesn't have to worry about feeling poorly from treatment (although that means I have to go to her holiday party for work on Friday. Yippee.). Plus, this treatment is really an extra for "good measure" (isn't she lucky?!), so the timeframe isn't as important as mom kicking this cough is. Finishing treatment in January makes for six months of hanging out at the CTRC. I snuck a peek at her chart (hey, leave me waiting in the same room with it for oh, say 90 minutes, and that's what happens!) and he's written very good things to her primary physician about her progress. The rest was pretty much Greek to me. Frankly, I'm glad she gets this little break. I think it will do her good.

 Saw urlLink Ocean's Eleven today. What a fine looking cast of men.

 Reminder: urlLink Alias is on tonight. Episode 09. "Mea Culpa": After the lie detector test, Agent Dreyer tells Sloane that Sydney is the mole they've been searching for. Sloane sends Sydney on another assignment, but also issues an assassination order for her. The CIA intercepts the message, but can they save her in time? I know, it sounds too complicated to jump in mid-season, but there's a nice little recap at the beginning. Trust me on this one.

 Tonight urlLink High Fidelity was on urlLink Encore . I saw it for the first time at urlLink sxsw in 2000. It stars Johnny Cusack. Sigh. (see #4 of the Friday Five).

 The urlLink Friday Five 1. If you were to go to a movie this weekend, which one would you pick? Ocean's Eleven. But it may have to wait a week. 2. What movie would you like to rent this weekend? I can't even remember the last movie I rented. That's what 12 HBO channels are for. 3. What one TV show do you always try to watch? Right now it's urlLink Alias . 4. If you (and your S.O.) were cool with it, what five celebrities (at the most) would it be 'ok' for you to have a fling with? Well, since I'm single....Lenny Kravitz, Dave Matthews, John Cusack, Bruce Willis, John Hannah....excuse my slobber. 5. How do you plan to spend your weekend? Christmas shopping. We need to get a good bit of mom's done in case chemo starts Monday.

 Wow. I just noticed I've blogged every day for a week. Shocking. And, yeah, I know I'm up late for me. I don't have anything new to read right now. urlLink Any recommendations?

 I think this handy-dandy urlLink Spyonit is a spiffy little tool. I've used it to spy on some sites I like (yeah, o.k., so one of them is my favorite urlLink Y&R spoilers site) and have already gotten some e-mails on updated pages ~~ saving me from having to check them out every day. Very, very cool.

 Happy Birthday urlLink Walt !

 So, I think I am getting bored with my job. I struggle each day to force myself to get work done. Yes, I know right now I should just be damn grateful that I have a job (Imagine working at Enron. Everyone gets fired. Stock at $0.26. What 401(k)?!). I just had off 11 days and now I can hardly wait until Dec. 21, when I get off 12 more days. I have things I need to write and I just can't force myself to do it. I wander the halls. I surf the net. I read the paper(s). Sure, I get stuff done everyday, but I am not churning out the work like I normally do. Someone called me the other day and asked who they needed to talk to now about the A-Team. Well, me . He truly said, "Oh man, still? I don't know how you do it." Some days I don't either. Yes, I know that of the last nine+ years, I have basically been doing the same thing for six of those years. That any other sane person would have run screaming from the building by now. But most of the time I have liked my job. Found it easy to do. I want to snap out of it so I still will. I don't want to come complacent, but these days I don't seem to want to be there either. I sure wish they offered sabbaticals.

 Today we visited the oncologist. I told her I thought he would not do treatment because she has had this terrible cough for several weeks. She has been to the doctor, had an x-ray to check for pneumonia and it's just one of those viral infections that you have to wait out. Indeed, he told her to come back, because: a) she sounds terrible b) she can't be hacking up stuff in a room full of people with low immune systems c) we really don't need for treatment to make her feel worse We return next Monday. Something tells me she won't be better yet. Once she gets these things they hang with her for a long, long time. She just needs to stay home and get some rest, which is like telling a bull to stand still in a china shop. Impossible.

 Tonight, "must see TV" at 8 p.m. (CST) on ABC, urlLink Alias . urlLink Sydney thinks she is a spy for the CIA, only to learn she actually works for SD-6, an enemy of the United States. She becomes a double agent ~~ successfully completing her cases at SD-6 while reporting her findings back to the CIA. Tonight, SD-6 suspects urlLink a mole and Sydney must take a polygraph. The female lead in this show, urlLink Jennifer Garner , is a terrific actress. Her facial expressions say it all. Plus, it's great to see a woman kick ass . Don't believe me? Read more: urlLink New York Times (must be a registered user ~~ come on, it's free and one of the best newspapers in the world) urlLink Entertainment Weekly urlLink Entertainment Tonight urlLink E! Plus: urlLink an Alias fan page Without urlLink The Sopranos or urlLink Sex in the City , it's the only show to watch on Sunday night! Trust me.

 Back from Laredo. It rained all freakin' day. Now, if the Weather Channel had told me this in advance, I would have worn my handy dandy rain jacket (bought in Seattle for this express purpose). But no, it was supposed to be 68 degrees and partly cloudy. Perfect Laredo weather. Sigh. I did get some gifts (yes, some for me too) and the requisite bottle of Bacardi for six bucks. It took us two hours to get across the bridge and through customs. They checked every single vehicle. On the way home, we watched urlLink Mask of Zorro , which I have seen before. Near the end, the bad guys blow up a mine as people try to escape. Watching the flying debris, smoke and dust really made me choke up. I quit seeing a movie and flashed to images of the Twin Towers imploding and the devastation that followed. If this is how it is for me 1800 miles away, what must it be like for those who survived?

 Congratulations to the winners of the urlLink 2002 Bloggies . Frankly I think some urlLink folks urlLink were urlLink robbed urlLink ! And really, Will Wheaton? Whatever.

 Back to the airport. The last two times I have traveled for business, it's been after work or late in the day, so I have dressed casually (read: jeans). They don't even look twice at me. Today I am spiffied up for a meeting with a President and guess what? I got the pat down. At both airports. The local pat down was more cursory. It was a little bizarre when they made me lean on a table, palms down and lift one leg at a time so they could wand my shoe. Very classy in my relatively short shirt. The second, at Love Field, was definitely a pat down . Bra check and the whole nine yards. Yes, in full view of other travelers and no, I didn't find it embarrassing. However, I could see someone who already feels profiled or is elderly or is just plain modest feeling very uncomfortable. Hell, I've been single so long (I say that a lot don't I?), I almost passed through again just for the cheap thrill.

 urlLink Spygirl alert: she's on the cover of urlLink Rolling Stone magazine. And, gossip from urlLink Wanda (spoilers ~ so don't go there if you don't wanna know).

 I saw Michael today at the airport. He had just finished the security check and was looking through his things. It was one of those moments. That looks like Michael. Steps closer. That is Michael. The man I once so desperately wanted to marry. And I kept going. Not for one second did I think of stopping him. Not once did I even think to look back. To watch him. I just kept going. It didn't even occur to me to ask about the boys. There was a time when I never thought this day would come. I think it's been five years since I've seen him. Nine years since we broke up. It was purely chance, too, this sighting. I caught an earlier flight home from Dallas. Truly, just one minute difference and I would have never seen him. It's intriguing to me that I did. Like a sign. Not about him. But to me. Now I just have to figure out what it means.

 This dang cedar. I'd been feeling pretty lucky this allergy season, but it seems to have caught up with me. I'm feeling a little "punk" as my mom would say. Tired and puny. Last night I was sawing Z's before 10 p.m. I hope I last that long tonight. I'm a little worried because last year it started small and evolved its way into walking pneumonia ... and then strep throat. I was out five days in March (I had to miss urlLink sxsw ~ wah!) and five days in April. It was the most sick I have been in my adult life, and pretty much equaled all my other post-college sick days added together. I'm not normally a sickly person, so I am not a good patient. They say once you've had walking pneumonia it keeps coming back for more. And now feeling this puny ... I keep telling myself not to be a hypochondriac. Tomorrow I'm flying to Dallas and Thursday I'm driving to Corpus Christi. Both day trips. I can barely contain my enthusiasm.

 Ha-choo!! *sniffle*sniffle*

 I just finished watching urlLink Memento . I went in with high expectations, because urlLink Jeff recommended it (and it was on so many top 10 lists for 2001). It totally rocked . I just watched in awe imagining the thought process of the writer. I can hardly wait to watch it again (me, who never watches movies over and over and over).

 What a urlLink beautiful day. It's been a sunny 70&deg;. I have shorts on, my windows open. Tomorrow it will be 76&deg; and 77&deg; on Tuesday. Can this really be January? Yes, for those of you somewhere where it's a touch cooler ... keep in mind that by April, I'll be b*tching about it being 90&deg;. And let's not even talk about July and August. Today I baked a cake and a pasta-like casserole for urlLink Merilu . I'm going for a massage in the morning and wanted to take something for her to eat (and maybe Dennis too). I also watched urlLink Proof of Life . I had no desire to see it in the theater, but I paused for a moment as I channel surfed and it sucked me right in. It was better than I expected.

 Since urlLink Spygirl is not on tonight (or next week for that matter), to stave off withdrawals, here's my theory for the season finale (since we all know that cliffhanger will be a humdinger). The last scene, final dialog: Mom?! urlLink ToeTag has an excellent theory: it's her mom calling Will. What's yours?

 Here's how single I am. I had an early dinner tonight with my friend Sandy, her kids Gina and Antonio (my Godson) and her husband. It was a lovely evening. Those kids just really light my heart. We finish about 7:45 p.m. I think Hmmm....What to do? What to do? Oooh! I know, I'll go to the grocery store. There won't be anyone there on a Saturday night! I was right.

 urlLink Spygirl kills the X-Files.

 urlLink Kewl.

 Read urlLink last Sunday . No, no, the post after Charlie Sheen.

 So, I'm sitting at my computer and I have a flashback to last night. As they were gathering coats and purses in my bedroom, IJ notices my quarter collection and gives me quite a ribbing on my "CollectorKids Quarters of the 50 States". She says to me in a voice that I know she saves for her daugher, Awwww ... do you want me to save you the new quarters like we do for our most special customers? (We're all bankers.) Awwww ... shut the hell up. [I secretly love my quarter collection.]

 Did you see this on urlLink Jish ? Very funny.

 o.k., I lied. As I was starting to tidy the kitchen this morning, I did find two cornbread muffins. Which is not bad since there were twelve. This morning I have that morning-after-I-had-too-much-too-drink-cough. Really, we're getting better about it ... last night we only had three bottles of wine. We used to have four (which is one per person if you're counting). I'd say we're mellowing out in our older, married, parental life ... but I'd be lying. My favorite wine last night was urlLink mine . I bought it urlLink here on special (they have good ones if you watch). I know, you're thinking Gallo ? As in Ernest and Julio ? But it has a Wine Spectator rating of 87 which is pretty good (the highest merlot rating is a 93, which is on bottles that range from $51 to $136!). There are some 87's that are in the $25 range and one that is $44 ~~ so the $10 I pay for this at my local H-E-B is worth it!

 Whew. I'm tired and tipsy. The Ya-Ya's just left. They were here over five hours and ate every single morsel. Really, not even a grape was left. We had a grand time. And, I am happy to report the chili was only mildly hot today (no burning lips) ~ hallelujah! Maybe I wont wait years next time

 It's time for the Friday Five (on Thursday!): 1. What cologne or perfume do you wear? Poeme by Lancome, Coco by Chanel (but I'm fresh out of both righ now) 2. What cologne or perfume do you like best on the opposite sex? I've been single too long now to even know. But, there's nothing better than being in an elevator or passing by someone who just smells soooo good. *sigh* 3. What one smell can you not stomach? nursing homes 4. What smell do you like that others might consider weird? It's late. I'll have to think on this one. If I come up with something, I'll post it later. 5. How do you plan to spend your weekend? Ya-Ya's Friday night. Beyond that, I have no idea (yippee!). urlLink

 I'm having some friends over tomorrow night. The "Ya-Ya's" we call ourselves. In our years of meeting near monthly, this will only be my second time to have them to my apartment. Why? a) because it's a relatively small apartment (perfect for one, crowded for four) b) most of my furniture comes from a "make due" attitude, rather than an "I love it" place c) two have beautifully decorated homes, one has an absolutely perfect two bedroom apartment in a brand new complex d) I get really obsessive-compulsive about it What should I serve? Is the place clean enough? What if there is a speck of dust in the wrong place (there probably is). What if they look in my closet (which I highly doubt)? What if, what if, what if. So, after much consternation, I decide on: brie spinach dip crackers grapes wine chili cornbread Hummingbird cake (for Steph's birthday) It's cooler outside now and chili is good warm-you-up food. At the store tonight, I picked up a "spicy chili" seasoning packet without really thinking about it. Sigh. My blonde roots show through ... So, now I have a huge pot of spicy chili. Like burning my mouth spicy. What was I thinking?? Now, I know I am going to toss and turn and fret over this all night and all day. I'm even already plotting ordering pizza as a back up. Oi! When did I get this anal? That said, if you know how to take the heat/spice out of something (like a potato can make something less salty) ~~ please , please let me know.

 Yippee! Some of the folks I nominated made the final bloggies cut. Go now, post haste, to urlLink vote . You only have until Tuesday to make sure your favorite site gets recognized!!

 Another good place to vote: urlLink SXSW People's Voice Award

 Sheesh. Texas weather. I have my bedroom window open to cool off my room. Really. It's 68&deg; outside urlLink right now . Tomorrow night it will be 38&deg;. Friday night 33&deg;. Go figure.

 I feel pretty strongly about crediting people I "borrow" things from and use here. It makes me think Heeyyy when I see something on another site and know they got the idea from me. That said, urlLink Dawn mentions two new books on weblogs at urlLink a.lifeuncommon . P.S. I'm not talking about you . She's a first-time visitor. Someone I read regularly. She must've seen my hits and stopped by to check me out.

 I receive pretty regular visits from people searching for urlLink Oriah Mountain Dreamer . You come here because I wrote about urlLink The Dance: Moving to the Rhythms of Your True Self . Um, word of advice? Don't bother. I couldn't even finish reading it. I tried twice ~ about six months apart (and I finish everything ).

 Frankly, I was really disappointed in urlLink this . I had high hopes.

 You must read urlLink The Man in the Van .

 Two weeks ago tomorrow, I wrote about an employee who was killed by a hit-and-run driver. Yesterday her husband had a heart attack and died. They leave a 12-year-old son. This is one of those life things I just don't get.

 Ever have one of those moments where you flash back to a scene from earlier in the day and have a startling realization? I just had one as I was unpacking my bag from the Houston trip. As I pulled out my hair brush, I flashed back to my morning trip to the grocery store. Note to self: You must brush your hair before leaving the house. And, yes, I did run into someone I know. Sheesh. At least I brushed my teeth. Well, I'm pretty certain about that anyway. Just for the record: I shower at night.

 Gasp! No new urlLink Spygirl until February 10! What's up with that?!

 Happy urlLink Martin Luther King Jr. Day!

 Hmmm...maybe I need to go see urlLink Moulin Rouge . With awards for Best Original Score, Best Musical/Comedy Motion Picture and Best Performance by an Actress in a Comedy/Musical for urlLink Nicole ~~ it appears to be tonight's stand-out flick.

 Awesome! Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series - Drama: urlLink Jennifer Garner, Alias Did I think she would be out Lorraine Bracco, Edie Falco or Sela Ward? Frankly, no. Not with only 12 episodes under her belt. Do I think she deserves it? Do you even need to ask?! I figured the show would also lose out tonight to urlLink The West Wing or urlLink The Sopranos , but urlLink Six Feet Under was a complete surprise (even though it's a great show). Did I miss Spygirl vs. Quentin to watch the Golden Globes? Nah. I got my update urlLink here .

 Remember the urlLink InStyle New Year, New You series? The last section was factor in some fun . Number one on the 8 things to do before you die list was Hear your favorite musician play live . urlLink Dave was here last year and I missed out. This year, urlLink I will not .

 I'm off to Houston tomorrow morning. Some reminders ... Sundance 2002 ~ The live broadcast of the closing night awards ceremony of the 20th Sundance Film Festival (there's a 30 minute preview of the films and filmmakers in competition preceding the live show). Check your local listings for a urlLink Free Preview Weekend , January 18 - 20. Alias ~ Spygirl is back with a urlLink new episode and urlLink this guy . Golden Globes ~ urlLink Alias is up for Best Television Drama Series and urlLink Jennifer Garner is up for Lead Actress, Drama Series ( urlLink NBC ).

 Friday Five 1. What do you have your browser start page set to? the home page of my internet provider 2. What are your favorite news sites? urlLink abcnews , urlLink cnn , urlLink The New York Times 3. Favorite search engine? urlLink Google 4. When did you first get online? Ummm, I'm guessing about nine years ago. 5. How do you plan to spend your weekend? Trip to Houston to visit mom's friend Phyllis. urlLink

 Help save your urlLink favorite show.

 It's interesting traveling in this new era ... with random shoe checks. There's something funny, and yet totally wrong, with seeing suited business men standing around in their socks. They were randomly pulling people (let me rephrase that, cause they were all men) at the initial security checkpoint here and at the gate in Houston. As I watched the process today, I thought, You couldn't pay me enough money to stick my hands into a stranger's shoe. When I shared my thought with the guy in line behind me he said, "Well, they have gloves on." I thought, Well, you missed my point entirely.

 I have to go to Houston tomorrow and I am so not wanting to pack. I think I'll do it in the morning. Really, I'm a good morning packer. I don't forget anything. It comes from traveling like 80 days a year back when I was a trainer. You learn what you need and what you don't. I'm glad to be earning the urlLink Southwest Airlines urlLink Rapid Reward credits. I need to take some vacation s this year. I find that travel really feeds my soul. Makes me a better person. Fills a void in my life. I really think it is my life's calling. If only I could figure out how to afford more of it. Back when I was training, I earned like 16 tickets in two years. It enabled me to travel a lot. Inexpensively. (The hostel in Vancouver is like $11/night and the train ride from Seattle is awesome -- I highly recommend it.) Last year, I earned one measly ticket. I really have the free-plane-ticket-withdrawals. To woo me back into the friendly skies, SW is offering me six points per flight instead of the requisite four. With the rental car and hotel points and another trip next week I should earn a ticket. Plus, I still have the ticket earned last year. Where shall I go? I ache to return to urlLink Disney World [ urlLink Jeff I can hear you groaning from here] because there really is something there that touches my inner child. I have never had a more joyful vacation. The UK trip is my favorite holiday, but there's just something magical about The World. I'm planning to go to Chicago and Salt Lake City this summer for conferences. I'd really like to go to London, but for some reason Southwest just does not fly there. I really loved Seattle. I could visit David in San Francisco, but I want to go someplace new . Maybe Portland. Or Baltimore (really, DC). Or maybe I should decide if I really want to buy a house and focus on that. Sigh. What I need to do is win the urlLink lottery . If only I could remember to buy a ticket.

 Last night I finished urlLink A Day Late and a Dollar Short . I really enjoyed it. Every night I laughed out loud. I'm pretty sure my neighbors wonder about me.

 Have I mentioned I think DSN has a stalker? While I was on vacation (and up later than normal) I heard someone pull up in front of the building, run across the yard and stop below my windows. I could hear leaves crunching (like they were pacing), so I got up and turned on the outside light. Whoever it was ran back to their vehicle and left. I've noticed this person comes by just about every night. I've tried to catch a peek and see it's a Blazer-type vehicle, but I've yet to see a person. So, it's a stalker or DSN is dealing drugs cause this person is always running. Running up. Running away. I mention this now because I just heard them pull away.

 Late last night (rather, early this morning), I woke to the voice of an angry man. My downstairs neighbor (maybe I should call him DSN in homage to urlLink Erins GSB). Having a fight with his girlfriend. On the phone. At 1:10 a.m. I remember those days. Huge fight. Someone hangs up. The other person calls back. Yell some more. I remember being young and unable to fight fair. Bitch. Um, not the way to sway her to see your side of the argument. Truly, most of the time I hear muffled sounds of conversation. Last night he was yelling . I listened for a while. Then I got up and went to the bathroom, hoping he would hear my footsteps and quiet down. He did. Nice way to cap off my day.

 Ahhh, a urlLink Skinny Cow . It's enough to make a mediocre Monday not so bad. Yup. It was definitely a Monday. All. Day. Long.

 According to the urlLink People's Choice Awards , the Favorite New Television Dramatic Series is ... drumroll please ... urlLink ALIAS !

 urlLink If your enemy's enemy is your friend, then who is this guy?

 Today was a beautiful, balmy day. Sunny and 68 degrees (my apologies to those who are shoveling snow). So, what did I do? Go to the movies. urlLink Amelie . I thought it was charming, sweet and whimsical. I laughed a lot. I loved her "stratagems" to change the lives of those around her. I see an urlLink Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film on the horizon. If anything, it definitely made me want to visit urlLink Paris . Plus, there was an interesting tie ... the death of Princess Diana. It tells us we're starting this 48-hour period on the day Princess Diana died: August 30, 1997. However, that's incorrect. She died on August 31. I know this because August 30 is my birthday and we heard of her accident during right after dinner. She died shortly after we got home. We were able to watch the live BBC announcement of her death. It makes for an interesting birthday.

 My thanks to urlLink ToeTag for helping me to figure out where to put my YACCS. I mean, you never know when one of the three of you who come visit me might want to make comment on my witty repartee!

 urlLink This is an interesting three-part interview with urlLink Ev on urlLink Blogger .

 It's weird to me when I follow a hit back to it's origination and find myself there. A link to says me, I mean. Especially when I have no idea who urlLink this person is or why in the world they would want to link me. But then, I guess there are people who've followed me home and wonder why I link them. I suspect the UK links are based on an article in urlLink The Guardian about blogs. Only, they said I was a guy. Looking back on my writing I'm not really sure where they got that. o.k., there was this one post back on August 11 ... I've read that some think urlLink Sex in the City is written by gay men for gay men. I wonder, since it speaks to me, what does that say about me? ; ) Maybe the wink was confusing? I was saying it because I am a girl that loves the show, but if it's written for gay men what does it say about me? Anyway. Enough of the explanations. For a while after that I got e-mails from gay guys. Till I told 'em I was a girl. Guess their concern over my mom wasn't all that sincere, huh?

 See that little box in the left column? About Fray 2? You just don't know how excited I am to figure out how to do that. Really, I need that html for dummies book. Although I am still bummed about YACCS. Yes, I know it says put x here and y here , and I do, but it doesn't work. Waaah!

 Waaah. I [still] can't get YACCS to work.

 As long as I am lifting from other blogs ... Like urlLink Ev says, urlLink neato .

 O.K., I am openly stealing here .... Look at this urlLink simple web image . Stare at the doorway, in particular. If you don't see it, keep looking for a good minute or two. You'll know it when you see it. Courtesy urlLink littleyellowdifferent .

 Wish I were urlLink here .

 From the urlLink Friday Five , courtesy of Heather: 1. What was your first job? Working as a clerk in a resale clothing shop. I was 15 and hated it. Have never done retail again. 2. How old were you when you had your first kiss? I'm thinking we were 10 or 12. It was Valentine's Day and the boy from across the alley had a box of those hearts with writing on them. He finally got to the one he was looking for, said Read this . Being clueless, I did. Kiss me . And he did. And then he ran away. 3. What was your first car? What happened to it? The first car I owned was a 1983 Toyota Camry. Apparently the only year they made a lemon. When I traded it in for another car one of my friends asked me if it was hard to leave my first car behind. I laughed and said something like Dang, I forgot to kick it before I walked away . 4. What was your first concert? Does John Davidson at the Rodeo count? I was about seven or eight and I loovvveeeeddddd him. I think he had a game show or something at the time. Did I just really date myself with John Davidson? Do you even know who he is? 5. How do you plan to spend your weekend? May do the Saturday daytrip to Houston, but won't know until for sure tonight. Other than that, I have no plans. Whoo-hoo.

 This is my blogger code: B2 d-- t k s+ u- f+ i o+ x- e- l c+ Get yours urlLink here .

 From urlLink A Day Late and a Dollar Short : Now, Trevor is the only one in the house with a ounce of sense, but it's hard to tell what he's gon' do with it. He smart as hell -- get straight A's and everything -- but he don't seem to be interested in too much of nothing except his sewing machine and other boys, and not necessarily in that order. His mama refuse to believe that he's like that, but I saw it in him whe was little. He was always a little soft. Did everything lightly. But he can't help it. And even though I don't like it, Oprah has helped me understand it. He has a right to be who he is, and I'll love him no matter where he puts his business. That's Viola speaking of her grandson. It's written in first person and each chapter features a new character (so far anyway). It was the But he can't help it. And even though I don't like it, Oprah has helped me understand it. that almost made me roll out of bed laughing. So far, so clever.

 Hysterical. You or someone you love (or hate) featured on a roll of urlLink toilet paper .

 Don't ask me why I have three jars [of the same kind] of pickles in my refrigerator. I just do.

 Tonight, urlLink Must See TV . Rachel and Joey. Hmmmm. Carter and Susan. Ewwww. Stop already!

 Today one of our employees was killed by a hit and run driver. She'd just gotten off the bus and was crossing the street. She'd worked for the bank for over 20 years. The driver turned himself in later. Apparently he thought he'd hit an animal. Uh, hello?! What are you doing in your vehicle so that you don't notice you have hit and killed a human being???? They said he sent her body flying. Employees who witnessed it were hysterical and required medical attention. People, please keep your eyes on the road.

 Finished urlLink Skipping Christmas last night. It was o.k. I think I'll save it for when I am in an anti-Christmas mood later this year. Tonight I start either urlLink The Best American Travel Writing 2001 or urlLink A Day Late and a Dollar Short . The travel book was a Christmas gift from mom. The Terry McMillan I picked up at urlLink CostCo . Single people just shouldn't bother shopping at CostCo (I was there to pick up disposable cameras for work ~~ which I later saw cheaper at Walgreen's). Even the cereal is in double-sized boxes. At least the book was only $4.49.

 I'm going to Austin tomorrow for a lunch meeting. urlLink This is where I would much rather eat. Yummy.

 This new urlLink Sting CD is brilliant. It's jazz, but not jazz. It seems infused with soul and blues ... passion and emotion.

 Mom's best friend Phyllis is in the hospital in Houston. She's 82 and her oxygen level got down to 36. Apparently that's not good. Mom is pretty worried. I told her that if we need to we can go visit her this weekend or if things look bleak we can just take a daytrip over and back. Mom will be devastated when Phyllis goes. She was mom's running buddy. Her kindred spirit. I truly believe there are a certain number of "soul mates" put on the planet for us to find. Some are meant to be lovers or spouses, but others are friends and even family members. People who complete us. They fill a void and make us better people. Phyllis is one of mom's soul mates. One of the people she was supposed to find. I just can't even imagine what it will be like when the day comes ... because I love her too. Let's see, I've got a mom-with-cancer, the Godmother with Alzheimer's and a congestive heart failure family friend. Aieee. I need to cultivate some friends in my age range.

 urlLink Alias article. Really, I'm not obsessed with the show. It just may seem that way.

 What is this?! The next new episode of urlLink Alias is not until January 20?! At least there is a good pay-off for the wait. Quentin.

 It was weird to be back at the CTRC today. They are in a new, more modern building now. Quite snazzy digs. No familiar patient faces. I could tell mom was quite nervous. She drove past the parking lot entrance (separate cars) and was just unable to figure out which way to go or which elevator to take or cubicle to stand in front of. She rambled a lot. Giving more answer than required. It's hard for me to watch. Aren't parents supposed to be invincible forever? I guess I forget she is human. Scared and fallible, just like me.

 Roaches. I hate 'em. Thanks. Just had to get that out of my system (can you tell what I just killed?).

 I got a new CD today, ... all this time by urlLink Sting . I bought it at urlLink half.com for seven bucks. It's in perfect condition. If you haven't tried buying or selling at half.com, I really encourage you to give it a try (really, I get no kickback for this endorsement). It's a nice Jazz-fusion of some of Sting's greatest hits, A Thousand Years, Roxanne, Brand New Day, Every Breath You Take and more. The real kicker for me is: Fragile If blood will flow when flesh and steel are one Drying in the colour of the evening sun Tomorrow's rain will wash the stains away But something in our minds will always stay Perhaps this final act was meant To clinch a lifetime's argument That nothing comes from violence and nothing ever could For all those born beneath an angry star Lest we forget how fragile we are On and on the rain will fall Like tears from a star, like tears from a star On and on the rain will say How fragile we are, how fragile we are On and on the rain will fall Like tears from a star, like tears from a star On and on the rain will say How fragile we are, how fragile we are How fragile we are, how fragile we are Fragile and the ... all this time CD were recorded on September 11, 2001 . Now, read the lyrics again.

 My poor Merilu. urlLink Dennis has a prescription for marijuana capsules for his cancer-related nausea. 60 pills = $592.15. When I told mom she said, He should buy it off the street and smoke it. It would be a lot cheaper. Which, of course, made me bust a gut laughing. Thats my hip 77-year-old mom for you.

 No treatment for mom today. Dr. Kalter gave her another round of antibiotics and told her to come back in two months. Frankly, I think she has coughed her way out of her final treatment, cause what difference will it make five months later? Which is fine, unless the lymphoma comes back at some time and she has to start over from the beginning. Needless to say, mom is in an excellent mood today.

 urlLink This show rocks! Her mother! As I told urlLink ToeTag , that's perfectly twisted.

 What the heck. I'm a urlLink Hallmark kind of gal. I think I'll send urlLink Mazie a card.

 The dilemma continues. Do I watch urlLink this or urlLink this ??

 Is it possible to be truly worried about a person you have never met? First, Erin ran out of urlLink unemployment , then she failed a urlLink temp agency test. She hasn't posted since late Friday afternoon, which is totally unlike her. It worries me.

 urlLink In Passing made the top ten blog list of urlLink She just wants to be . I can see why.

 In all my 36 years of knowing people, there is only one person I dream about on a consistent basis. I've known John since elementary school. Our relationship was love-hate for many years. We haven't had much of one for at least ten years now. I haven't seen him for like 18 months and it had been at least that long before that. The context of the dream is always different. He's just there. Like it's a very natural thing. Like there is no time or space between us. Last night included his wife and daughter. I wonder what it means. Unresolved issues, I suppose. Whatever. It's weird.

 I don't know why, but I was just compelled to read through some of my archives from August and September. A time when this blog was about cancer. It makes me see that a life blog is a good thing. Reading the entries brought it flooding back and I could picture every scene. Mom has an appointment with the oncologist Monday. She is still not feeling well and believes he will not give her treatment again. She took one course of antibiotics, but not the second. She felt the first one did nothing. We have had many conversations in the last month about calling the doctor and getting a different prescription, but she never did. I could hear the relief in her voice yesterday when she told me she doesn't think Dr. Kalter will do treatment. It's as if she doesn't want to get well so she doesn't have to take this last treatment. Yes, the last course of treatment. Why can't this be over already?! I told her that I thought she should be prepared for him to be a little unhappy with her. Well, what I am supposed to do?! she said with great tone (this is over the phone). With a firm grip on my parent hat I told her, "You should have called the doctor and gotten a new prescription," followed by a disappointed silence. She conceded that yes, she should have and that she will ask for something new Monday . She called me later to see if I wanted to do dinner, but I had to work late. She knows I'm not happy with her. But really, treatment has already been postponed twice from Dec. 3 and 10. Here we are 4-5 weeks later and she's still sick . Plus, she really has had this hacking cough since mid-November. She complains that going to the doctor and getting medicine is too expensive for her. She refuses to allow me to pay for it. I don't know what else to do but guilt her into it.

 Today, we close the urlLink InStyle New Year, New You series with factor in some fun . And finally, the most important thing of all to do: Make yourself happy. Laugh a little, play a lot, kick off your shoes and dance in the fountain. Suddenly you'll feel like a kid again ~~ and you know what? You're entitled. I used to be that person. Where'd I go? The Constitution only gives people the right to pursue happiness. You have to catch it yourself. -- Ben Franklin 8 things to do before you die: 1. Hear your favorite musician play live. Hmmm .... urlLink Dave was here last year and I missed out. 2. Drive cross-country with a lover. Does Georgia to Texas count? It sure felt like a lot longer. 3. Identify, then conquer your greatest fear. But, then I'd have to go out on a urlLink date . 4. Spend an entire week all by yourself. Done. On a solo vacation even. 5. Witness childbirth. Does TV count? 6. Place a bet in Vegas or Monte Carlo. Done. Even won some. 7. Make amends with someone you have wronged. hmmm ... there is a friend from the past I would like to make amends with, but I don't think circumstances ~ or a certain person ~ would allow it. 8. Have your portrait painted or taken by a pro. Done. What I want to know is who in their right minds would consider childbirth fun ?! A miracle, a life-altering and truly amazing experience ~~ yes. But fun ?!

 Thursday night I finished urlLink A Fine Balance . It was an intriguing read. Well woven. I really cared about what happened to the characters. While it was about perseverance and hope, at the same time it was about despair and hopelessness. It is a heavy read, without a happy ending (a la urlLink House of Sand and Fog ), but is an excellent book nonetheless. Last night I started urlLink Skipping Christmas , a Christmas present from mom (it was on my urlLink wish list ~ I'm so proud of her!).

 I think you should do urlLink this . It does take a little of your time and thought (cause this is really, really important, you know). This is not a self-promotional plug cause you can't nominate me ("sites that are intended to be just personal journals or site news pages are not eligible" ~~ that'd be me).

 The urlLink Friday Five : 1. You've just won a complete collection of movies starring one actor - what actor would you pick? First person I thought of was urlLink Kevin Spacey . I do like urlLink Julia , urlLink Bruce and urlLink John too. It would be hard to pick just one. 2. What was the last movie you saw in a theater? urlLink Kate and Leopold . 3. What was the last video or DVD that you bought? I don't buy many videos. Probably something from urlLink Disney . I think it was urlLink this . 4. What movie could you watch over and over again and not get sick of? There are lots of movies I enjoy and will watch if I see them come on, but I am not one to watch something over and over and over until I can recite it. 5. How do you plan to spend your weekend? Rest. For a three-day work week, I sure am tired. That said, I am going to bed. factor in some fun will just have to wait until tomorrow.

 When I started this blog about my mom, gigglechick was the first person to write me. This is the least I can do: urlLink

 Today Jeff stopped by for a visit. It's always nice to see you. We did dinner with Linda, Elizabeth and her girlfriend Kim. It was fun. Like old times. We sure do laugh a lot together. I miss that. Today in urlLink InStyle , spread it around . It's a "give something back" theme. Among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver. -- Maya Angelou I need to volunteer more. I mean it's partly my job for crissakes. I had a really good day at work today (yesterday too). When I reflect back on what I did, I see 75% of they day was spent on getting ready for my next volunteer committee meeting. I remember how much I used to get from doing that. I think I have a good group this year. I think they will do an exceptional job. I need to empower myself to be who I am. Stronger. A leader. They need me to do that and I need to allow myself to do it. It'll be good for all of us. Tomorrow is the last in this series. factor in some fun. Whoo, boy. Are they talking to me or what?

 find your style. That's today's assignment from urlLink InStyle . No questions. Just a lot of tips. Directed to women. I need to find my style. I must've set it down somewhere with my power. I have been camouflaging myself the last few years. Doing what I can to not call attention to myself. Natural hair color. No more fake nails. Big and boxy clothes. I have lost my style. Not that I ever really had any. Polished is not a word that comes to mind when I think of my attire. I've always been a little dorky and unfashionable. The only real elegance is in the mind; if you've got that, the rest really comes from it. -- Diana Vreeland

 Waaahhhh! Do I hafta go to work tomorrow?!

 What you think you know .... you don't know. -- Jack Bristow

 Yes, I know it's hard to believe I'm not watching urlLink spygirl . I did watch two full episodes and it's on in the background. My next must-see episodes are from urlLink Nov. 18 (just the end) and urlLink Nov. 25 . They feature urlLink John Hannah as Shepard. The real dilemma comes on Sunday when two of my most urlLink favorite urlLink shows are up against each other. What to do, what to do?! Don't say tape one and watch the other. I can't with my digital cable set-up. I need another $50 worth of equipment to do something so ... modern. My cable bill is already high enough and I just refuse to give them fifty more bucks! (although I am pleased with today's addition of the urlLink Sundance Channel .

 Hark! Is that my downstairs neighbor I hear tumbling out of bed? Must have been quite a New Year's! Honest, the soundproofing is worth nada in my building. I'm really not a stalker.

 Yesterday I saw urlLink Kate and Leopold . I loved it. Sure, it's a fluffy "chick flick," but a light hearted romantic comedy is just what I needed to end the year. Laughter is a good thing. Hunky urlLink Hugh Jackman is quite another. Don't mind my slobber. I think I may actually be incited to visit the video store for urlLink Someone Like You and urlLink Swordfish .

 Today, reboot the bod , in the ongoing urlLink InStyle saga. The page has no questions, just articles on motivation, stress, and other basic health maintenance tips. The body never lies. -- Martha Graham I have been working to lose weight since Sept. 4. Someone at work talked to me about joining urlLink Weight Watchers on-line and I agreed to join with her. Until I went on vacation, I was at -18 lbs. from my start date. I like to think that I was up a couple pounds post-birthday, but let's face it, I weighed what I weighed. I concede that I have taken a vacation during my holidays from tracking points and I expect I am up a couple pounds. I only feel slightly guilty about being off-program and pretty much eating what I want. I think it would have been too difficult, almost punishing to not enjoy these past few weeks. I am going back on-program tomorrow.And I am actually looking forward to it. My goal is to lose 12 more pounds (o.k., maybe it's 15 pounds now). It will be the lightest I have been in my 30's.

 Don't forget! The urlLink Alias marathon on urlLink abcfamily starts in 10 minutes!

 Hello 2002. If there is just one thing you can bring me this year, this is all I really want: improved health for my mother. She did not look good last night. She looked tired and sickly. She coughed a lot. Worse than that, her spirits seemed very low. At one point we were talking about 2002 and she said I never thought I'd see 2000 (speaking from the perspective of being younger and looking to the future). We all commented on that a bit before I asked what her next goal was. 2010? She said, well, I don't know about that. Uh, hello? That's only 8 years away. You'll only be 85...

 Following orders from urlLink Andrew : If you could only watch 2 TV shows a week what would they be? Alias and Friends Jennings, Brokaw or Rather? Peter Oprah or Jerry Springer? Oprah Have you meet a famous celebrity? No. I saw urlLink Mr. Big while in NYC Jay or Silent Bob? Who? ;) Monsters Inc. or Shrek? Monsters! (fingers crossed for the urlLink Animated Feature Film Oscar) Coke or Pepsi? Coke What do you generally have for breakfast? Folgers Cafe Latte and yogurt Leno or Letterman? Leno Lara Croft or Sydney Bristow? You have ask?!

 Yesterday as I bopped through urlLink Target for urlLink Alanis and urlLink toothpaste , I came to a screeching halt. There it was. Easter Candy. Don't go there , I tell myself. But I have to look. Scanning, scanning ... sweet ~ there they are! My all-time favorite candy. Really, I could forgo all others for this one. I don't what it is about this particular confectionary that calls my name, but it does. Brach's Chocolate Covered Marshmallow Rabbits. Eight individually wrapped bites of heaven.

 You know that moment? The first time you hear a song and you connect with it. You think, yeah, I get that. I had one of those tonight: urlLink flinch what's it been over a decade? it still smarts like it was four months ago we only influenced other totally we only bruised each other even more so ... how long can a girl be shackled to you how long before my dignity is reclaimed how long can a girl stay haunted by you soon i'll grow up and i won't even flinch at your name I'm glad that I am not that girl anymore. Where the ouchy still hurts. I did grow up and I don't flinch at his name. Heck, just a few weeks ago I didn't flinch when I saw him in person. I'm glad for that.

 Whew. Tonight mom and I drove by 10 houses. Six from Sue, four I found urlLink online . I can tell my dollars aren't going to go far (I'm waiting for the surprise ~ yes, I know patience is a virtue). Of the 10, there is only one I want to see the inside of. Another I want to see in daylight. It is amazing the price they can put on a house these days.

 Yesterday a loan. Today a realtor, Sue. I know her through a friend at work. She was on the Laredo trip last December. She was very excited that I called, even though I warned her that I will be [am] a nervous first-time buyer. We talked about what I wanted ... close to downtown, hardwood floors, central air and heat ... we talked about some specific neighborhoods, some of which I truly didn't think would be in my price range, but she promised I'd "be surprised." I told her that I needed someone with a good eye ~~ someone that could see the potential in house ~~ cause I don't have it. She promised to do some research and e-mail me some prospects tonight.

 I think I would get a urlLink lawyer .

 ToeTag has a new urlLink home . I suspect he will talk about random.oddness.

 Brrr. No, really. It's 21&deg; outside. In South Texas. We don't have the right clothes for this kind of weather. Brr. Yesterday's This -or- That (sorry, Ashley doesn't want us linking back to her): Dial-up or cable? Dial-up Wal-mart or K-mart? I'm a Target girl Butterfly or dragonfly? Butterfly Plus or minus? Plus for money, minus for weight Liberal or conservative? Conservative Do you believe in God or not? Yes Sun or moon? Sun (along with blue skies and a few clouds) Do you exercise regularly or not? Not Coffee or tea? Both, but neither daily St. Patrick's Day or Easter? Easter (better candy) I am really "off" lately. Going to bed too late and then sleeping too late in the morning. Last night it was 12:24 a.m. (well, technically, that's today). I'm not sure what's going on. It used to turn off the tv at 10 p.m. and be asleep before the weather came on. Now, I can't even remember which days to blog what! *sigh* I knew that PDA wouldn't change the world.

 Wheeee! I'm officially pre-approved to buy a house! I so excited about my credit rating. He said, "You can't get much better than [insert my rating here]!" Yippee skippee!! Wow. I am thrilled and terrified at the same time.

 I see urlLink you !

 Wow. A very interesting urlLink blog of an American teaching English in Korea.

 Today, on the phone ... me: I have an appointment with the mortgage guy tomorrow. mom: tomorrow? me: yes, on the phone. mom: have you told Pam? [my boss] me thinking: Why would I tell Pam? mom: already. that was fast. me: what do you mean fast? mom: on the phone? me: yes, to fill out the application. mom: are we talking about the same thing? me: obviously not. mom: you have that interview. me: no, an appointment to see about getting a loan. to buy a house. mom: where? there? me: on the phone. mom: well, look confident when you go in. me: it's.on.the.phone. mom: oh, well sound confident. [sounds embarrassed now] I better go. me: yeah. bye.

 There is a train that passes through my neighborhood weekly (I live about a mile from the train track). Those of us who talk about him, call the conductor the angry man . He blows the train horn constantly . As if to say, "Dammit, if I have to be up all of you have to be up too." Lately, Ive noticed hes changed his tune. Short, short, long, short, long, long, short varying his routine (because I suspect his employer has received complaints). While not as annoying, it wakes me nonetheless. He usually comes through town during the 5 a.m. hour, although sometimes it can be as early as 1 a.m. It used to be every Thursday, now it varies from week to week. Today it was 5:14 a.m. I could hear his echo through the city for nine minutes. I dont think I ever really went back to sleep.

 Yippee. There's a new urlLink spygirl tonight! (Even if it does mean missing a chunk of the urlLink closing ceremonies .)

 My company received an award this morning and I was invited to attend the brunch. I had a couple really strong cups of hotel banquet coffee and came home wired and ready to clean. I've spent the last hour in my bedroom closets. It's been an interesting adventure. I'm certain there are items in the one closet I haven't touched since I moved in over five years ago. I decided I would get rid of the clothes that didn't fit or didn't have potential to fit anytime soon. I was shocked to find a range of five sizes [i.e.: 0, 2, 4, 6 and 8][I can guantanee you there were no zeros!]. Oy. How did this happen?! [note to self: Girl Scout cookies]. Five sizes. I've heard of people like this .... Since I am not about to tell you what the sizes were, let's use A, B and C as example of what fits now and what has potential. A being the smallest. I found several pairs of A pants that fit. Yet, a skirt by the same maker in a B size was zippable, but not wearable. I'd forgotten how I loved Ann Taylor when I was thinner. Since I haven't ventured in an AT store in years, I was shocked to find probably two dozen items I haven't worn in ages (the size A pants for example). I now have a pile of clothes that are too small, too outdated or too dirty [wow, I miss my mouth a lot ~ at this size how can that be?] to wear anymore. I am headed to the trashcan. I know some of you gasp at the thought of being so wasteful as to not make a donation to Goodwill or at my inability to be industrious enough to sell the wearable items. But sometimes I think some things are better dumped in the trashcan. Especially when they are associated to another time, place or person that is best left behind.

 Go read urlLink b-may 's take on figure skating. I like it when something I'm reading makes me laugh outloud.

 So looking forward to urlLink this .

 I've switched my posts to read chronologically. Is it weird?

 From my urlLink horoscope : Another surprisingly strong financial day could come on February 22, when an opportunity to change jobs or get a plum assignment could land in your lap. Ummm, that was yesterday. Dom Perignon day. Hmmmm....

 I am not doing the urlLink Friday Five this week. It's about birthdays. Being here, in anti-birthday land, is a strange place to be. I used to love birthdays. Big gathering every year (in my adult life anyway). Everyone who is important to me is there. Then, I don't know what happened. I've become the Birthday Scrooge. Last year I stayed home, alone. No birthday cake. No singing waiters. Home alone on my couch. And I was pretty happy with that. I've been hoping that whatever this virus is would pass (because, really, I used to love birthdays). But then I felt my stomach recoil yesterday when I read the questions ... It did go prompt me to read my urlLink horoscope , which I haven't done in a long time. I see it has interesting things to say about me and work ...

 Yesterday someone approached one of my friends and asked if I would be interested in changing departments. She told my friend she would buy her a bottle of urlLink Dom Perignon if, "You can get me [insert my full name here]." That's quite a compliment, no?

 The more I watch the urlLink Olympics , the more I realize I need a new TV. Last weekend I did some looking. I'd like somewhere between a 27" and 32". My problem? They are heavy . The only thing stopping me from buying one is figuring how to carry it up the stairs into my apartment. Maybe I've found something worse than putting on the bedskirt by myself ...

 So, yeah, I know I haven't written a lot this week. I have been totally sucked into the urlLink Olympics . I really don't remember the last time I have been so enthralled. Usually I don't watch at all. But these Winter Games have been really spectacular for the Americans. It makes me really proud everytime I see an athlete mouthing O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave!

 Spygirl urlLink news .

 They're just now figuring urlLink this out?

 It's a Monday-Tuesday This -or- That from Ashley: January or July? I'm showing my true Texan roots by choosing July ~ knowing it will be near 100&deg; most every day. Email or letters? I love sending and receiving snail mail. However, I e-mail more frequently. Milk or orange juice? Skim milk. Brunette or blonde? Blonde (not me now, but I've been thinking about it). Digital or film camera? I've been dreaming of a digital camera, but I need a new TV more. Camping or hotel? Definitely hotel. Pencil or pen? I like the feel of a sharpened pencil. Rollerblading or roller skating? Neither. Dang my inner ear. Fly or drive? I fly most when traveling long distances, but I would love to take a driving tour of the states. White or black? Black.

 I missed my calling as a race car driver. I understand the saying, I feel the need for speed . I also drive a Honda Accord. Everyman's "family sedan." It's an interesting parallel to see how differently other people drive based on the make and model of a car. The visual of a Honda Accord in the human brain must interpret to the word "slow". I used to drive a VW Jetta. Drivers used to acquiesce to me like I was in a Suburban. I always got the right of way. When I passed, people let me go. When I pass now, the register goes on, "Hey, that's an Accord. I can't be passed by an Accord." And the race is on.

 I finished urlLink Expecting Adam a few nights ago. While it is probably not for everyone, I loved it. Martha Beck tells the story of her second pregnancy while at Harvard. It is fraught with difficulty [car accident, fire, the worst morning sickness I have ever heard of][frankly, after reading about how horrific her pregnancies are, I don't know how she had a third child] and discouragement from others [doctors, professors, family members, strangers]. Yet odd coincidences and paranormal experiences bond the parents with their Down Syndrome son long before he is born. It's a really powerful, well-written story. Adam was eight when the book was written. It makes me wish for a follow-up.

 Saw urlLink Lord of the Rings today. What an epic. I certainly see why it has so many urlLink Academy Award nominations. And when I saw Sir Ian McKellan as Gandolf, I thought ahhhh, he should have been urlLink Dumbledore . However, I am pretty cowardly and spent a lot of the movie looking at the seatback in front of me. It makes me want to read the books [it's easier to skip the scary/gory parts]. Not many movies can say that ...

 March 10 is becoming a complicated day. My Godson's birthday party, a urlLink memorial for my friend urlLink Merilu's husband and urlLink Fray Night at urlLink sxsw .

 In honor of President's day: urlLink 10 Things You Didn't Know About U.S. Presidents

 I am having some urlLink Alias withdrawals. What is urlLink this ? I know the urlLink Olympics are important, but ... don't get me hooked on a show and then rarely show it. In the meantime [with nods to urlLink ToeTag ]: Alias: urlLink online.com Alias: urlLink sometimes the truth hurts Alias: urlLink the tv show An agent and her handler: urlLink lean into me Rambaldi: urlLink from the eye to the hand SD-6: urlLink Credit Dauphine SD-6: urlLink HQ Who is Agent Vaughn? urlLink here and urlLink here Personally, I think part of what makes this show so awesome is the music. Besides the action, it's what moves me to the edge of my seat. Credit for that goes to urlLink Michael Giacchino . Here are urlLink two urlLink interviews .

 Funnies from the Orlando Weekly: urlLink 10 things men learn about women by watching "Sex and the City" and urlLink 10 things women learn about men by watching "The Man Show" .

 urlLink Chandler urlLink visits urlLink Ally .

 I did a bad thing today. And no, I'm not talking about the four ~ yes, count 'em ~ four boxes of Girl Scout cookies I bought [Thin Mints ~ who can resist?]. I took a nap. Just like an hour nap. Now I am wide-awake. It was an interesting day. Not a good day for my Godmother. Lost words. Incomplete thoughts. Yet, she is so happy to have us for company. So glad to get out of the house. Do something different. It's hard not to want to more for her. Today I was able to pretty much guess her train of thought. But it is hard to watch someone who can no longer figure out a menu. Typically she orders whatever one of us gets. Today it was soup and salad. She gets lost from the drink dispenser to our table around the corner. I can see it in her face from across the partition. She is lost . I point at our table and she nods. She asks me two or three times over the course of the three hours we are together who paid for her lunch. I remind her that I did. Each time she thanks me profusely. I know that she does not remember each previous conversation. I know it is terribly difficult for mom. I can see her lost-ness too. Her friend of over 50 years. Slowly slipping away. Her running buddy, Phyllis, now living in another town. She is increasingly clingy. I've spent time with her five of the last seven days. She is lonely. I can see it in her. I looked more carefully at the nose today. Well, as carefully as you can without being obvious. I am still undecided if there is something new there. I will keep watching.

 urlLink This was another moment when I know my neighbors must wonder about me. I sat alone shouting, Go! Go! Go! Only to fall silent with the nation as Apolo Ohno fell [was knocked down] in the men's 1000-meter short track speed skating race. After receiving his silver medal, Apolo spoke eloquently about "being proud" because he "did his best." Way more mature than I would have been [right after I stomped off the ice and out of the building]. Still loving the urlLink Olympic urlLink blogs .

 A giggle for Harry Potter fans. Check out the urlLink Blogger box.

 Composer urlLink John Williams is now Oscar's most-nominated living person.

 urlLink Like Project Greenlight without all the corporate sponsorship....

 Dang it. I already made a pledge to myself that I would not go to urlLink Las Vegas this year.

 Today, I have a mission. I am going to be looking at the cancer spot. Carefully, but nonchalantly. I have seen mom three times this week and each time I have thought hmmm As in, hmmm, is that thing growing again? Thus far, I have kept my thoughts to myself. She will not take it very well if it is. There has been no treatment since the first week of November. My guess is three months is a good timeframe for us to notice something different.

 I have a new toy. No, not a vibrator as my oh-so-professional co-workers guessed. The urlLink Handsping Visor Deluxe . That I got urlLink here for $99. A real steal. As you can imagine, it's been the focus of my day. Entering calendar listings, To Do's and the like. Now I'm off to find some cool urlLink downloads .

 The urlLink Friday Five (and it's a three-day weekend ~ whoo-hoo!) 1. What was the first thing you ever cooked? Wow. I truly do not remember. 2. What's your signature dish? That would indicate I cook "nice" meals on a regular basis right? Um, I like my crabcakes with a cucumber dill sauce. 3. Ever had a cooking disaster? (tasted like crap, didn't work, etc.) Describe. Gee, it happens on such a regular basis it seems almost common place. I can burn boiling water. 4. If skill and money were no object, what would make for your dream meal? Since money is no object, I'd just fly in urlLink Nigella Lawson or urlLink Jamie Oliver to take care of it for me. 5. What are you doing this weekend? Tomorrow: visit my favorite girl scout to pay for the office cookie order and lunch with my Godmother [the one with on-set Alzheimer's] and mom. Sunday and Monday (yippee!) are wide open.

 My friend and co-worker, urlLink Ericka .

 A legitimate urlLink excuse .

 No vacancy for urlLink naked reporter at Olympics. Oy. I hate it when that happens.

 Happy Valentine's Day!

 Is it time to join the masses and buy a PDA? I am so in need of some organization. I make lists, use a paper and a Notes calendar, yet I am forgetting things. Important things. Yesterday I remembered something that needed to be out by tomorrow [normally takes 3-5 business days]. Today I come in all la-di-da after lunch like I have a free afternoon to find I am 10 minutes late for a meeting. Earlier in the week, I was going through a stack a papers only to find some things that should be on my "To Do" list that I totally forgot about. This is really unlike me [see the Miranda description?]. I've been thinking [yesterday and today] that maybe a PDA would shake me up some [with the "new toy" factor] and get me back on track. Now the deal is, what to buy? There's the ever-popular urlLink Palm . But, do I choose the beginner urlLink M100 or go for more memory with the urlLink M105 ? [2mb/$95 -vs- 8mb/$149] I really like urlLink Handspring , but they've discontinued the urlLink Deluxe and the next model, urlLink Neo , at $200 is out of my budget. Then, there is the urlLink refurbished option. The price makes it really affordable, but it only comes with a 90-day warranty [and what happens on day 91?]. *sigh* Maybe I just need a brain transplant.

 From urlLink Jill Matrix : customer finds " urlLink arrogant bastard " fee on his phone bill. What kind of fee can we assess for obnoxious or inept customer service?

 I've decided one of the most difficult things to do as a single person is to put a bedskirt on. Manipulating that top mattress is a dog.

 Check out my urlLink eye .

 urlLink I knew it! I am urlLink Miranda ! You're smart, witty, trustworthy, level-headed and industrious. You value your independance above all else. Success is very important to you. You give the impression that you may be a little jaded, but you still harbour school-girl fantasies of finding someone who'll make you giggle and blush. You can also be almost irrationally compulsive at times and are excessively cynical. Structure, order and schedule are very important to you. You have no tolerance for the majority of men these days. You find their behaviour completely unfathomable, and feel that if a man's over thirty and single, there's something wrong with him. It's Darwinian. They're being weeded out from propagating the species.

 urlLink This -or- That: Picnic on the beach or picnic in a park? Beach. Atlantic ocean or Pacific? Pacific. From sandy beaches to cragged shores. Beautiful. Museum or the ballet? Museum. Lots of pillows on the bed, or just a few? Two. Home body or not? Too homebody. Introverted or extroverted? I am "reserved". Quiet till I get to know you, then watch out ... Sunrise or sunset? Sunset [because I am rarely ~ read: never ~ awake for the other]. Do you prefer ceiling fans or light fixtures? Ceiling fans with light fixtures. Lions or tigers or bears? Oh, my! Tigers. The Beatles or The Monkees? Beatles

 It makes me sad when blogspot is uncooperative. I lost a cool post last night that I just don't think I can replicate ....

 urlLink Spygirl urlLink visits urlLink Felicity .

 Another Olympic urlLink blog .

 I've said it before. I'll say it again. urlLink This is the best show on television. Added bonus : I am so loving the burgeoning relationship between urlLink Sydney and urlLink Vaughn .

 These things seem to be all the rage in blogger world right now, so here I go: APPEARANCE - hair: light brown, chin length, growing out my bangs [I have had bangs since I was nine ] - height: 5' 5" - weight: hahahahahaha - figure: curvy, yet I have no waist STYLE - clothing: I border on "pretty casual" for working at a bank - music: pretty eclectic - makeup: every workday - body art: none RIGHT NOW - wearing: jeans and a turtleneck - music: none [the Olympics are on in the background] - thinking of: what I need to do at work tomorrow - feeling: good LAST THING YOU... - bought: Valentine's Day cards - did: stole this from urlLink smattering - read: What We Keep by Elizabeth Berg [finished it last night] - watched on tv: all-star game [Olympics are on now] EITHER / OR - club or house party: house - tea or coffee: tea - high achiever or easy-going: easy-going - cats or dogs: cats - single or taken: single - pen or pencil: pen - gloves or mittens: gloves - food or candy: food - cassette or cd: cd - snuff or cigarettes: both are nasty - coke or pepsi: coke - matches or a lighter: matches - sunset beach or the bold and the beautiful: b&b - rickie lake or oprah winfrey: oprah WHO DO YOU WANT TO... - kill: no one - hear from: tricia - look like: sela ward - be like: usually I like being me FAVORITE - food: italian - drink: mocha frappucino - color: red - album: All This Time by Sting - shoes: the black loafers I have on now - site: blogger - song: Wherever You Will Go by The Calling - vegetable: asparagus - fruit: strawberries LAST - last movie you saw: Memento - last movie you saw on the big screen: Amelie - last phone number you called: my friend Sandy [for my tardy Girl Scout cookie order] - last thing you had to drink: caffeine free diet coke - last thing you ate: tomatoes and mozzarella cheese - last time you showered: last night - last time you cried: last night I teared up watching the Olympics - last time you smiled: this afternoon at the Mardi Grad parade - last time you laughed: ditto above - last person you hugged: mom - last person you kissed: mom - last thing you said: "thank you" [at the hallmark store] - last person you talked to online: Jeff - last thing you smelled: clean laundry DO YOU... - smoke: no - do drugs: no - sleep with stuffed animals: no - have a crush: yes - have a boyfriend/girlfriend: single - have a dream that keeps coming back: no - play an instrument: no - believe there is life on other planets: yes - read the newspaper: daily (two) - have any gay or lesbian friends: yes - believe in miracles: yes - believe it's possible to remain faithful forever: yes - consider yourself tolerant of others: I try [sometimes I am unsuccessful] - consider police a friend or foe: friend, totally - like the taste of alcohol: yes - have a favorite Stooge: no DO YOU - believe in astrology: no - believe in magic: yes - pray: yes - go to church: no - have any secrets: yes - have any pets: no - go to or plan to go to college: went - have a degree: yes - talk to strangers who instant message you: none do - wear hats: yes - have any piercings: two in my ears - have any tattoos: no - hate yourself: I'm pretty hard on myself, but I don't know about hate - wish on stars: yes - like your handwriting: yes - believe in witches: no - believe in Satan: yes - believe in ghosts: Spirits maybe - trust others easily: hahahahahaha! no. - like sarcasm: all the time - take walks in the rain: no - kiss with your eyes closed: yes - sing in the shower: no

 Finally. Part two of the Quentin Tarantino versus urlLink Spygirl saga.

 Mom, Linda, Kelly and I went to see my [our] friend Jill in the urlLink Mardi Gras parade on the river. Jill is the urlLink 2002 Miller Lite Mud Queen and today she was on a "float" with the Mardi Gras King and Grand Marshall urlLink Bobby Perez [local councilman, future mayor ~ we went to high school together]. I only caught one string of silver beads [we were kind of high up on our perch at Starbucks], but we had lots of fun.

 Yippee skipee! A slight redesign to two columns. Thanks urlLink ToeTag !

 urlLink Blogging from the Olympics.

 I am so excited! My friend urlLink Jeff has a picture on urlLink The Mirror Project .

 Wow. urlLink That was really cool. USA! urlLink USA! USA!

 I finished urlLink Until the Real Thing Comes Along . What can I say? It was an easy read. Patty is "in love" with her gay best friend Ethan, who impregnates her (the old fashioned way). It reminded me how thankful I am that I don't live with the constant buzz of a gotta-have-a-baby alarm.

 A risque urlLink Friday Five : 1. What's the most romantic thing you've ever done for someone else? Once I anonymously sent Valentine's flowers to a guy who'd been a little down. He asked if they were from me and I must've denied convincingly, because to this day he does not know they were from me. While I don't know how this falls into the romantic category (except I was in love with him), and I know I've done probably more romantic things in my lifetime, but it was the first thing I thought of. 2. What are your erogenous zones? The back of my neck. *shudder* 3. How old were you the first time you had sex? Care to expound? Old. No. 4. What's the most unusual place you've ever had sex? At the beach. We got caught. 5. Do you have plans for Valentine's Day or is it just another Thursday? Valentine's Day is next week? I need to get myself to a Hallmark store!

 Tonight on urlLink ER , urlLink Abby was beaten by her neighbor. After seeing that she was o.k., her urlLink ex-boyfriend hunted down said neighbor and let him know if you touch her again I will kill you (along with a little fist introductory course). While I know it's not cool to beat other humans, there's also something a little primal in it for me as a woman. Yeah, yeah, teach the coward a lesson.

 How much do I like books? They factor into why I'm thinking about urlLink Portland .

 Makes me wanna buy a urlLink DVD player.

 I can (and sometimes do) spend hours in a bookstore. Tonight, only an hour. I went into urlLink Half Price Books looking for a book on urlLink Portland . I didn't find one, but came away with urlLink Under the Tuscan Sun and urlLink America's Historic Places . I also bought urlLink Until the Real Thing Comes Along and urlLink What We Keep by Elizabeth Berg because I really liked her urlLink Open House . Four books for 20 bucks. I'm in heaven. It made me think of a Friday Five question about something you love the smell of, but others probably wouldn't. Books. I love the smell of books. I have been reading the urlLink Best American Travel Writing . A story a night. The "theme" of the book seems to be catastrophe or trouble in some way. A volcano eruption. Escape from Haiti on a sinking ship. Kidnapping. White water rafting gone amuck. Not what I was really looking for. Thus far the only story that's spoken to me is Pico Tyler's urlLink Why We Travel , originally featured in urlLink Salon . We travel, initially, to lose ourselves; and we travel, next, to find ourselves. We travel to open our hearts and eyes and learn more about the world than our newspapers can accommodate ... So travel, for many of us, is a quest for not just the unknown but the unknowing; travel in search of an innocent eye that can return me to a more innocent self And that is why many of us travel in search not of answers but of better questions. I, like many people, tend to ask questions of the place I visit, and relish most the ones that ask the most searching questions back of me.

 Well. Today TOTALLY sucked. I'm going to do This or That from urlLink Ashley and then crawl into bed... Coke or Pepsi? Coke. Daily I drink Diet Coke and now I'm into that Diet Coke with Lemon. But some days there's nothing better than a Coke. It can be a comfort food [drink] for me. McDonald's or Kentucky Fried Chicken? McDonald's, but not very often. Pizza or subs? Pizza. Nintendo or PlayStation? Neither. One credit card or more? Two. Photos of people or photos of nature? People. Black and white film makes it even better. In the car, do you listen to the radio or CDs/tapes? Radio on the way to work, CD on the way home. Would you rather see a dentist or a doctor? Doctor. Did you watch the Super Bowl or not? Mostly not. American or non-American made car? Love my 2001 Honda Accord. Hated my 2000 VW Jetta (and that's why I drive an Accord now).

 I've deleted the urlLink Monday Mission . I decided the questions were too long and took up too much space. That's all.

 Tonight's interesting twist: Ron Rifkin, a.k.a. urlLink Sloane , is urlLink Carrie's new boss on urlLink Sex in the City .

 urlLink

 It sure was good to see Lee. In the last ten years I've seen him three times. I could just choke my brother sometimes. It means a lot to me that he chose to come to see us an adult. And, he could've chosen to go running with his two buddies, but he spent the day with us instead. Which made me really happy. We basically ran errands and went to urlLink The County Line for a late lunch. He had the five meat platter. Yep, the metabolism of a 21-year-old. I'm sure we were pretty dull, but he was a trouper and was good about opening doors and "yes ma'am-ing" mom. I look at him and see a life that hasn't, and probably won't, reach full its potential. He dropped out of high school and when I asked today about his GED he told me he has re-taken the last part (but didn't include whether he passed and I didn't push it). He was such a smart little boy. He was so full of life and hope for the future. Have I mentioned yet how I just could choke my brother? I asked a million questions (just my nature) and he answered them all. While mom was in the bathroom at lunch he showed me pictures of his ex-girlfriend in her stripper outfit. She was gorgeous (but he's pretty cute too). It made me feel conspiratorial in a way that he trusted (or was that tested) me with the pictures. It makes me wonder if he remembers the relationship we had when he was younger. He was one of my soulmates. One of my kindred spirits. I still feel connected to him. I hope he'll come back. I'd do anything to have a relationship with him.

 Mom says my nephew [and two friends] got in around 2:45 a.m. I told her to call me when they start to stir. The two friends are going to visit a dad in Hondo [don't know who's]. Lee is hanging with us. Crimeny. What do you do with a 21-year-old you don't know very well?! The last time I was alone with Lee he was ... 10. He's taller now. It's a long story. Maybe I'll tell it here some day. What to do. What to do. Do you hear my panic setting in? I really didn't think he would hang with us/need entertaining ....

 I love it. The urlLink antibloggies . Especially rules #5: Wil Wheaton is disqualified from ever winning an Anti-Bloggie so dont waste your time and #6: Friends of Wil Wheaton attempting to sabotage the Anti-Bloggies will be taken out back and pistol-whipped. Did you read his urlLink "acceptance speech" ? Whatever. Note to self : Do not go there again.

 Time for the urlLink Friday Five : 1. Have you ever had braces? Any other teeth trauma? Yes. Back when they were all metal. I had four teeth pulled, did the rubber band thing for ever , then a retainer for two years. But, it was worth it. 2. Ever broken any bones? No. 3. Ever had stitches? Yes. When I was very young my pinky finger was caught in a car door. It looks now like it took two or three stitches. Then six years ago, I was cut on the back of my knee by a falling mirror. Luckily my roommate talked me into going to the emergency room (she went right for my vanity: it will be a really ugly scar ). I am so grateful she did. It took forever to heal (it was right at the knee bend) ... it would have been much worse without the stitches. Thanks KK. 4. What are the stories behind some of your [physical] scars? On my right knee I have three large faded scars and two smaller scars on my left knee from about age six. I remember it was a really rough push from some boys. Shannon literally carried me inside the daycare and became my immediate best friend till she moved to another school in fourth grade. 5. How do you plan to spend your weekend? My 21-year-old nephew is supposed to be here tomorrow for a visit. I'm not really sure what to do with him and his two friends. Feed them, I suppose. My friend Michele is having a Super Bowl party Sunday at her new house. I'm undecided about going.

 Spygirl alert. Check out today's urlLink USA Today . Yeah, she's on the cover of urlLink Seventeen too, but I'm a little old for that.

 urlLink A tale of one man and his blog . A nice feature on urlLink Ev .

 urlLink Things you'd love to say at work But can't unless your parents own the company: I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce. How about never? Is never good for you? I'll try being nicer if you'll try being smarter. It's a thankless job, but I've got a lot of Karma to burn off. This isn't an office. It's Hell with fluorescent lighting.

 I'm reading a really interesting book, urlLink Walking the Bible , by urlLink Bruce Feiler . He writes about his travels as he retraces the steps of the patriarchs of the first five books of the Old Testament. While it is written from a Jewish perspective, it is giving me a new appreciation for the Bible stories of my childhood. I've forgotten so much from my Lutheran elementary school ~ I am really enjoying his perspective and how being in such religiously historical places has changed him. I confess that prior to 9/11, I was one of those people who didn't pay much attention to world events. I perceived the battles of other countries as "their problem." I know now that I have no idea what is really going on in the world and how it will come to affect America. I fear that this war between the Palestinians and Israelis will cause a world war. It is interesting to me that I randomly chose to read the book now. To read in this week of five suicide bombers that God promised the Jews that land. Frankly, I can't understand the suicide bombers. I know they believe they will receive special rewards when they die, but to me, God is pretty clear on his "do not kill" commandment.

 So, does anyone besides me wonder if ABC will ever run two consecutive episodes of urlLink Alias ? Maybe even three ?! *gasp* I shudder to think ...

 So, how am I you ask? I am o.k. After that initial surge of feeling better, I leveled out some. I was able to move past the "please don't cry" moments in meetings. I am still having a hard time concentrating. It seems like every hour of every day I have to tell myself, Now you need to be listening to this when someone is speaking to me. I am still having a hard time deciding what I should be doing when. I still feel anxiety, but it doesn't feel so far out of control. I am sleeping better. I had been waking up every hour and spending hours awake each night. I've decided, Well, it took me a while to get to this position, it's going to take me a while to get back.

 Today was supposed to be a rain day. An early morning turbulent storm and rain throughout the day. While it did rain on-and-off starting about 4 a.m. (I slept with a window open), the sun is out and the skies are blue. I know those in town for urlLink Women's Final Four must be pleased that it seems to have passed, but we really, really need rain. I can only remember it raining twice this year . We depend on rain for our urlLink drinking water . We often have usage restrictions and if we don't get more rain soon, it's going to be a long, hot, dry summer.

 Nice. I was referral #7 for burning lips after sex. I mean really, 7th!?!

 urlLink Friday Five 1. If you could eat dinner with and "get to know" one famous person (living or dead), who would you choose? Oprah. 2. Has the death of a famous person ever had an effect on you? Who was it and how did you feel? Princess Diana. It really made me think about living life to the fullest. She was someone who had so much more to give. 3. If you could BE a famous person for 24 hours, who would you choose? Julia Roberts. I'd have get get back together with Benjamin Bratt. *yummy* 4. Do people ever tell you that you look like someone famous? Who? Someone once told me I looked like Angela Lansbury when she was young. 5. Have you ever met anyone famous? Not really met, no. I have seen in person: Robert Redford [I was pretty young], George Strait, Tommy Lee Jones, Matt Damon, Chris Noth, Matt Lauer, Al Roker, Jerry Springer.

 Everything I need to know I learned from the Easter Bunny! Walk softly and carry a big carrot. Everyone needs a friend who is all ears. There's no such thing as too much candy. All work and no play can make you a basket case. A cute little tail attracts a lot of attention. Everyone is entitled to a bad hare day. Let happy thoughts multiply like rabbits. Some body parts should be floppy. Keep your paws off other people's jellybeans The grass is always greener in someone else's basket. An Easter bonnet can tame even the wildest hare. To show your true colors you have to come out of your shell. The best things in life are still sweet and gooey!

 Yeah, I'm still alive. I guess I just don't have much to say. If you get bored with my non-posting and move on to another [more interesting] blog -- I'll understand. Thanks for stopping by ...

 Love - From a Child's Perspective A group of professional people posed this question to a group of 4 to 8-year-olds, "What does love mean?" The answers they got were broader and deeper than anyone could have imagined. See what you think: "When my grandmother got arthritis, she couldn't bend over and paint her toenails anymore. So my grandfather does it for her all the time, even when his hands got arthritis too. That's love." Rebecca - age 8 "When someone loves you, the way they say your name is different. You know that your name is safe in their mouth." Billy - age 4 "Love is when a girl puts on perfume and a boy puts on shaving cologne and they go out and smell each other." Karl - age 5 "Love is when you go out to eat and give somebody most of your French fries without making them give you any of theirs." Chrissy - age 6 "Love is what makes you smile when you're tired." Terri - age 4 "Love is when my mommy makes coffee for my daddy and she takes a sip before giving it to him, to make sure the taste is OK." Danny - age 7 "Love is what's in the room with you at Christmas if you stop opening presents and listen." Bobby - age 5 "Love is when you tell a guy you like his shirt, then he wears it everyday." Noelle - age 7 "My mommy loves me more than anybody. You don't see anyone else kissing me to sleep at night." Clare - Age 5 "Love is when mommy gives daddy the best piece of chicken." Elaine - age 5 "Love is when mommy sees daddy smelly and sweaty and still says he is handsomer than Robert Redford." Chris - age 8 "Love is when your puppy licks your face even after you left him alone all day." Mary Ann - age 4 "I know my older sister loves me because she gives me all her old clothes and has to go out and buy new ones." Lauren - age 4 "I let my big sister pick on me because my Mom says she only picks on me because she loves me. So I pick on my baby sister because I love her." Bethany - age 4 "When you love somebody, your eyelashes go up and down and little stars come out of you." Karen - age 7 "Love is when mommy sees daddy on the toilet and she doesn't think it's gross." Mark - age 6

 Ashley's This -or- That : Who would win in a fight between: Batman and Superman? Superman. Aquaman and Robin? Robin. The Wonder Twins and The Ambiguously Gay Duo? Who? Spiderman and Spawn. Spiderman. Do you Spring Clean or not? Clean? Do you check your e-mail once every hour, more often, or less often? All the time at work. Daily at home. Do you have one or more email accounts? Two. Stiff as a board or light as a feather? Light as a feather. Float like a butterfly or sting like a bee? Wasn't Ali both of those? Both feet on the floor or head up in the clouds? Head up in the clouds.

 Looked at six houses today. None of which called my name. Mom and my friend Linda came along. After about the third house Linda said, "Now I understand what you mean." I laughed and said, Hey, these houses are good in comparison to what we first saw! The house I wanted to see most was taken off the market until April 1. I drove Sue [my realtor] by so she could see why I wanted to see it and the tenants were moving out, so she thinks I may get to see it before then. The listing says the buyer can pick the new paint color (needs it). Mom and I later drove by three new listings to check potential (one had a septic tank -- in the city! ). Only one looked interesting, but it's like two blocks from mom's. I wanna be close to her, but I don't know if I want to be that close... While we were alone I stopped at Sonic for a Cherry Limeade for me and Root Beer float for mom ("Do they have diet root beer?" she asks.) I have dry mouth. "From the medicine?" Yes. I talk about how I'm glad that's the only side effect so far and that's pretty much the end of the conversation. It's the only question she has asked. I'm sure she thinks my imbalanced seratonin is her fault in some way, so she's not going to talk about it -- lest we have any type of conversation that may be uncomfortable. I am feeling pretty good. Not like a way-happier version of myself, just like a sharper version of myself. (To be honest, I was hoping this would make me less snappish with mom.) I've caught myself laughing the past few days in a tone I haven't heard in a long time. Joy. Maybe that's it. At lunch I was talking about a documentary I saw last night when I asked, What's Ben Hur's name? ... oh-that-was-a-stupid-question! (I was getting it confused with another movie of the same genre). Yes, my roots can be that blonde sometimes (although Linda swears that's the first time she's heard me "misspeak" like that), but it just made me laugh. It felt good. I'm glad to see that this medicated process is not going to be one of high drama. I really thought feeling worse before feeling better would be part of the process. Feeling how I feel today, I wish I hadn't waited so long.

 Whee! I am so glad it is Friday!! urlLink Friday Five 1. What is your favorite time of year? Spring, with Fall being a close second. 2. What is it about your favorite season that, well, makes it your favorite season? Warm air (not too cold, not too hot), the "fresh" smell, bright sunny days. 3. What is your least favorite time of year? Why? Rainy and cold winter days. Yuck. 4. Do you do anything to celebrate or recognize the changing of seasons? No. 5. What's your favorite thing to do outside? Drive with my windows down, sunroof open, listening to my favorite CDs.

 What a difference a day makes. See, this is why I could never do illegal drugs. It takes nothing to affect me. Yesterday, I felt funky. Just, well, really not myself. Last night I wrestled with taking the second dose. I don't want to take medicine. I hate taking medicine. I don't want to feel physically bad on top of everything else. I can't do this. But I did. And today was a really good day. Clear thoughts. Firm direction. Pangs of hesitation at a meeting for the big project, but I made it through. I caught myself humming a lot. I thought, Wow. If I feel this good today, how great will I feel next week?! I don't know if my feeling better already is from the Celexa or knowing that I'm doing something to take better care of myself. Whatever it is ... after the last few weeks ... I'll take it!

 Ive been thinking. About my blog. About why I blog. What is my blog mission? What are my blog goals? Oh yeah, Ive worked in corporate world too long now. My initial goal was to blog about cancer. The cancer went away and the blog changed. Ive never really had a focus since then. I just blog about random, inane things. What can I say? I watch a lot of TV. I have noticed that I edit myself. A lot. And Im not really sure why. Only like one person who comes here would recognize me on the street. So, really, why should I care what anyone else thinks, right? [I dont mean that in an ugly way]. So, Ive decided Im going to work on the editing thing. Im going to use my blog to write about things I wouldn't necessarily talk about in real life. Be warned. It may not always be pretty. Or funny. Or happy. But it will always be honest. So, here goes. Last Friday my brain found its meltdown point. And it wasn't pretty. I had a bona fide panic attack. This was not really an isolated incident. It was, however, enough to make me realize I couldn't ignore it anymore, and I made an appointment to see my doctor. It's been building now for about 10 months. Which means for me, its probably been going on twice as long. Just feeling anxious. Insecure. Unable to concentrate. Unable to make decisions. Doubting myself, my skills. Coupled with moms cancer, looking for a house, increased work stress and have I mentioned moms car has been in the garage since last Tuesday? Were a one-car family that doesnt live together Sitting in the doctors office yesterday it took all my strength to not bolt out of there. I felt stupid being there. I feel fine. Yeah. Today. Ive had enough therapy in my past to know itll come back only worse until I acknowledge it and face it head on. Naturally, I was inarticulate and pretty teary. But, my doctor was kind and encouraging. She pretty much told me what I was feeling, which made me feel a lot better. Apparently my serotonin is out of whack. She recommended a therapist and gave me a prescription for an anti-depressant, urlLink Celexa . I take 10 mg/day for one week. Then 20 mg/day. I made an appointment with the therapist for next Monday and took the first half-dose last night. Frankly, I hate taking medicine. If there is an ugly side effect, it will find me. But, I cant afford meltdowns like last Friday. I cant sit in meetings praying I wont cry. I have so much to do at work I cant afford to I just need for my brain to be normal again. So I can think like me again. Celexa: Most common side effects: nausea, feeling wired like when you have too much sugar and not enough to eat, dry mouth, drowsiness, insomnia, increased sweating, diarrhea, and problems with ejaculation (hey one less side effect for me!!). Celexa so far: Last night I felt some nausea. Today I felt moments of jitteriness. Pangs of tiredness. I feel weary. But, that could be a lot of things. Asking for help is hard. And, I must admit, out of character for me (which could be why I am where I am today!). People tell me Im strong. But during weeks like these, I dont feel strong at all.

 My landlady was playing spy when I got home tonight. I was glad to see her.

 Time for Tuesday's This -or -That? (from Ashley) Run or walk? Walk. Thistle or dandelions? Dandelions. Birds singing or crickets chirping? Birds singing. Allergies or none? Mostly mountain cedar (Dec-Feb). Oh, and Christmas trees. A, B, C or 1, 2, 3? A, B, C. "Easy as pie" or "simple as cake"? "Easy as pie." Trampoline or swimming pool? Swimming pool. Nickel or penny? Nickel. Basketball or baseball? Basketball. Go Spurs Go! Sliding doors or French doors? French doors.

 Interesting stalker twist. I hear the Bronco pull up about 8:15 p.m. I decide I'm going downstairs to sit on the porch and see what happens. As I go outside I see downstairs boy and his girlfriend pull up. I think Hmmm, this could be interesting . They don't see me and go inside (yes, the porch light was on and I was quite visible). I wait about a minute ... here comes stalker around the other side of the building. Turns, sees me, smiles, says "Hi". And ... well ... either she's one ugly girl or our neighborhood stalker is a boy! Now, I am really confused. Yes, I made the landlord phone call. And no, she was absolutely no help. I told her I don't feel threatened. It's just been going on a long time now and I would like to know what's going on. She's going to do some detective work and get back with me.

 As we say in Texas, It shore is Heeyewmid today . In lieu of urlLink Spygirl tonight, I had a date with a seven-year-old to see urlLink Ice Age . Very cute. Amazing animation. It was no urlLink Disney , but urlLink Dreamworks oughta be worried. There were like six kiddie trailers, including urlLink E.T. I turned to my [adult] friend and said, Didn't we see that together ... twenty years ago? We didn't really laugh. And apparently the urlLink Episode II trailer is exclusively tied to Ice Age. There was talk of war, actual fighting, lasers, shooting, jumping, more fighting ... when it finished I turned to my friend and said, I thought episode two was the love story .

 Since it's Sunday .... urlLink Jennifer Garner? Isn't she in a TV show? urlLink Another chance to catch a spy I'll be taping tonight ... so no spoilers please ...

 Dr. Boyd thinks mom tore her rotary cuff. She got a shot in the shoulder today. They are trying to talk her into an MRI so they can know for sure. *sigh* If it's torn, it will require surgery to repair if she wants complete mobility. I think *oh, joy* because I know she will fight surgery with every ounce of strength she has. Full range of motion? Who needs that?! Dr. Boyd is mom's new primary care physician. We met her after the tumble last week. She specializes in geratrics, like mom's soon-to-be-former physician. Dr. Diamond has been mom's doctor about 18 years (her partner is my doctor) and now she's retiring. She's probably like, oh, 48. Moving to California with her family. Her husband got a teaching job "he just couldn't refuse." Dr. Diamond has always been so good to mom. Giving her free medicine and the like (Medicare sucks). I hope Dr. Boyd does too.

 Random thoughts day. Got to work at 7:30 a.m. this morning to get a jump start on my work. The computers were down until 8:50 a.m., and then again from 9:35 to 11:10 a.m. A very productive morning, indeed. I hate my two new assignments. Hate, hate, hate. Rosie O'Donnell is gay?! *gasp* Nooooo. Really?! urlLink Rosie O'Donnell talks about being a Gay mom . *sigh* Why can't Rosie just talk about being a mom? Or talk about how important adoption is? Adoption by any loving and capable person. Male or female. Married or single. Gay or straight. Our own little urlLink Dade County experience with yesterday's primaries. I got my hair cut tonight ~ a&acute; la urlLink Amelie . Only without the short, funky bangs. I'm trying to grow mine out. [still having post time problems]

 New book: urlLink The Two Towers (The Lord of the Rings, Part 2). Definitely less scary.

 This -or- That? courtesy Ashley: "Blah, blah, blah..." or "yadda, yadda, yadda..."? "Blah, blah, blah..." English or math? English. VHS or DVD? VHS (yes, I'm still in the dark ages) Jeans or pants? Jeans. Art or Music? Music. Near or far? Far. Nestle's or Hershey's? Hershey's. Who was/is the best James Bond: Sean Connery or Pierce Brosnan? I think Sean is the epitome of Bond, but Pierce is pretty yummy! Triangle or rectangle? Triangle. Chat or not? Chat.

 A complicated and urlLink sad case . Do I think she was legally insane? Yes. Do I think an insane person can plan out their crime? Yes. Do I think she deserves the death penalty or life in prison? No. I think she is a sick woman in need of medication and psychiatric care. I think living with the knowledge that she killed her children will be punishment enough. Do I think this about all women who kill their children? Hell, no. Remember, I live in the death penalty state. I just think Andrea Yates is a very sick woman.

 I don't know what to do about stalker girl. When I heard her pull up tonight I flipped on the porch light. Then, I debated a while before pulling on my jeans and grabbing my keys (isn't this the place in the slasher movies where you scream at the girl, "No, don't go outside!"). I get in my car, pull down the driveway. She is no where to be seen. I pull down the street towards her Bronco. I've always thought I'd make a good dective, but here's where I prove myself wrong: no pen or paper to write down the license plate number. I drive around the block. Pull back in the driveway. Walk around the building. Is she inside his apartment? I don't know. Is she hiding in her car? I don't know. I come back in. Listen for conversation downstairs. Nothing. I hear no doors (car/building), but she drives away about 15 minutes later. I mean, what would I tell the police or my landlord? There's this girl. She comes by every night. No, I've never actually seen her face. No, I don't have a license plate number. No, I'm only guessing she's stalking the guy downstairs (we're the only ones in the building right now). Instead of elder abuse, they'll get me for obsessive neighbor worry.

 Today Jeff calls me from Austin. He's in line to see a urlLink movie . It makes me remember how I really wanted to go. But never more so than that very moment. I got this HUGE project dumped in my lap this morning and I was so wishing I had gone to Austin instead. But, the project would still be waiting for my return and then I'd be even further behind than I already am. What I wouldn't give for a creatively challenging job that recharged my soul rather than drained my psyche. I'd already been into my boss this morning to talk about my work load. Really, all I am asking is for one or two co-workers to write their own material. But instead I was told that my laundry list (one full page, single space) is "no more work than anyone else in the department." Yeah, and pigs fly. Oops, better be careful. I might get urlLink doocefired .

 urlLink 9/11: Let Us Never Forget . I watched 9/11. I hesitated about six minutes in and thought of changing the channel, but I am glad I didn't. Because of the subject matter, it feels wrong to call the documentary "good", but it was powerful. I spent the majority of the time with my hand over my mouth. Still in shock that something like this could happen. Still in awe at the courage of our rescue workers. Still amazed that so many lives were saved . It renews my respect for firefighters (and all rescue workers). It is so easy to become complacent. To forget. Let Us Never Forget .

 Are you a urlLink Top Noggin ?

 urlLink Shoebox . Cool clippings from urlLink Dawn .

 The big dilemma tomorrow is urlLink Alias or urlLink 9/11 . I was having doubts about the logic in watching this "special" when I followed a link from urlLink JillMatrix to urlLink A Fire Inside . It's commentary from someone who has seen the footage. I just don't know if I can handle thuding bodies. The memory of the airplanes is vivid enough in itself.

 Mom is feeling and moving better today. Her face is still bruised in ugly colors. I guess it's a good thing her doctor knows me or I might be monitored for elder abuse.

 Wow. My post time is all jacked up and I can't change it through options ... Hmmm...

 I figured when my toilet overflowed this morning it didn't bode well for my day, but it turned out ok. Took mom to the doctor this morning. After x-rays they determined nothing was broken (her ribs and chest bone were really hurting). They are worried about the rotary cuff in her right shoulder. She is in a sling to help it rest before they really look hard at range of motion, etc... They gave her a shot for pain and her doctor looked me in the eye and said, "Someone should stay with her today." Have I mentioned I got squat done this week at work? But, I stayed with her until 7 p.m. ~ way after the shot wore off and she was back on pills. Her chin looks awful. Black and blue and very swollen. She busted the inside of her mouth. She is very embarrassed that she fell. I think she worries that people will think it's an old-age thing. Uh, hello? It's your daughter graceful here. I trip and fall on a regular basis. Age has nothing to do with it ... She was feeling pretty perky when I left, but the doctor says tomorrow will be the worst day. At least they have office hours on Saturday, in case she needs another shot [it helped immensely].

 The urlLink Friday Five : 1. What makes you homesick? Being away from my bed more than five days. 2. Where is "home" for you? My apartment. 3. What makes it home for you? People? Things? Just the fact that it's my space. 4. Where is the furthest you've been from home, miles-wise? London: 4999 miles (8045 km) (4344 nautical miles). 5. What are your plans for this weekend? Saturday: I'm planning on going into work tomorrow morning. In the afternoon it's a bowling birthday party and dinner at Rosario's for Kristy. On Sunday I need to clean my pit of an apartment and attend my Godson's 7th birthday at GattiLand.

 Well, here's what I get for being braggadocios about my banner day: Mom fell flat on her face and chest this evening. She is now on painkillers and anti-inflammatories. Frankly, I don't know how she is going to get out of bed in the morning. The owners declined my offer and raised the price of the house $2500. I am going to decline their counter offer. I guess they were shocked to get two offers on the third day of the house being on the market and decided they weren't asking enough. It makes me question their integrity. Obviously they thought they were initially asking a fair price or they would have originally been higher. They had to anticipate some haggling and that they may not get their asking price (which I offered since someone else was also making a offer). And now, a bid to get more money. And yeah, I know $2500 isn't a lot in the grand scheme of this, but it's an ethical issue for me now. I am very disappointed. I am totally exhausted. This has been a roller coaster of an emotional day. Highs of remission and the courage to make an offer to the lows of a bruised mother and petty haggling.

 Today is a banner day for me. I've made an offer on the house and my mom's cancer is in REMISSION !!!!!!!!!

 Switching back to reverse chronological order. Cause, well, it confused me too. Isn't that weird? Reading in correct order is weird, but reverse order seems normal?

 Dammit. I missed Spygirl on Downtown tonight. Too caught up in all this house stuff. Cause, yes it's official. I am making an offer on the house tomorrow. [note to self: *breathe in, breathe out*]

 Today, I saw a house that made me think, I could live here . I did a drive-by yesterday, liked the curb value and let Sue, the realtor, know I wanted to see it. We arranged to meet at noon and I took two co-workers with me to check it out. It is so cute. Really. Pretty dang near exactly what I want. Two bedroom, one bath, living room, dining room, study, enclosed patio, nice kitchen with a small breakfast nook. All appliances stay, including the washer and dryer (in the detached garage). Small yard with a deck. Very nicely decorated (the sellers are putting on a show!). Security system. 1324 sq. ft. Mom and I are meeting Sue at 6 p.m. so she can see it. It is under the dollar amount I set because it is in an older neighborhood. One that looks like people my age are coming into and making neighborhood improvements. It is less than two miles from my moms house and is 3.5 miles from work. The local grocery chain is building a new store about two miles away. Inside, I am hyperventilating. That this is a real prospect. *breathe in, breathe out*

 This weekend, my Godson turns seven. I ask his mom, Any suggestions? "No." Uh, gee, thanks. A friend says her son loves urlLink this book , but beyond that I have no ideas. As I remember it, what's "in" changes pretty frequently, so what was cool at Christmas may not be now. And I did good at Christmas [thanks to his mom, so I really can't complain] and want to continue to do so. It's just I have no kids, know few kids and basically don't know what's cool anymore. I am so old. In the world of a seven-year-old anyway.

 Last night I finished urlLink A Walk in the Woods by Bill Bryson. Laugh out loud funny. *gasp* I just noticed my night stand is bookless. How could I let this happen?!

 Spygirl is on urlLink Downtown tomorrow night. Hmmm...maybe there should be a separate Spygirl blog....

 It's This -or- That time from Ashley (and I quote, "Please do not link back to me, thank you." I include this cause I have a thing about stealing.) Train or boat? Train. Lake or ocean? Ocean. Thoughtful or perceptive? Perceptive. Observant or participative? Observant. Line or curve? Curve. Capitalize or lowercase? lowercase. Giraffe or zebra? Giraffe. Shiny or matte? Matte. Oil or vinegar? Oil. Sand or clay? Sand.

 A little urlLink Alias dish.

 Dang this page loads slow.

 urlLink James Bond urlLink meet urlLink Spygirl .

 urlLink Homer Laffoon ? No, really, the kids in school won't pick on him much.

 I've decided [for multiple reasons] not to attend urlLink sxsw this year. I'm bummed about not getting to spend time with urlLink Jeff , missing out on some cool flicks, and possibly meeting urlLink Jish , urlLink Ev and urlLink others at some urlLink inter urlLink active urlLink events . *sigh*

 urlLink Spygirl is on tonight. Just thought I'd remind you.

 Happy Birthday Howard! Wish I could be urlLink there to celebrate with you!

 Can I quit now? The houses I can afford are questionable, at best. The neighborhoods I really, really wanna live in are really, really out of my budget. Waahhh! All I want is a house with hardwood floors and central air conditioning (key in South Texas, but not necessarily common in the homes I'm looking at). Two or three bedrooms. One or two bathrooms. ok, it definitely has to have at least one bathroom. Sort of central town, not far from work or mom. Unfortunately the houses seem to range from really expensive to I wouldn't want to be here at night . We went inside nine houses. Of those, only one was something I would consider. The negative was an add-on room that seemed of questionable quality to me. If it hadn't been there, I definitely would be considering at least one house today. Most others were hideously ugly and would require a lot of cosmetic work to improve the appearance. I also learned blue is a very popular color. Walls, tiling, entire kitchens or bathrooms, sometimes the whole exterior. Blue. And not a lovely shade of blue either. And linoleum, lots of linoleum. Much less shag carpeting than I expected. Hallelujah for that! The house I liked most was just a drive-by without the realtor. I looked up the appraisal price minutes ago: $119,900. A house like that would require no meals on my part, which would be good for the diet, but not good for my demeanor.

 Tomorrow mom and I are meeting the realtor at 10 a.m. to starting looking at houses. She has made appointments at 10 houses. Plus, there are six or eight more that deserve at least a drive-by. Whew. I'm tired already.

 I saw urlLink Frequency again tonight. Since I didn't grow up with a dad, those searching-out-dad movies always appeal to me ( love urlLink Field of Dreams ). That, and urlLink James Caviezel ain't too hard on the eyes.

 A urlLink mindless poll for TV watchers. Go give your opinion on urlLink Alias , urlLink Felicity , urlLink Ally and others. I mean, which is more important? Should urlLink Syd learn that her mother is still alive or that urlLink Sloane is really her father? Or, should she just give in and kiss urlLink Vaughn ?

 The urlLink Friday Five : 1. What's your favorite vacation spot? Since favorite seems to indicate multiple visits, Ill go with visiting family in Michigan. I have a tie for my all-time favorite vacation: Disney World and London (gee, that seems like an oxymoron). 2. Where do you consider to be the biggest hell-hole on earth? The first time I drove through Oklahoma the roads were so bad I thought it would damage my car in some way. 3. What would be your dream vacation? Wow. There are so many places I want to go. Right now, I would say an expense-is-no-object tour of Italy. I just finished urlLink Under the Tuscan Sun: At Home in Italy . I would love to find a small villa to stay in and really experience a moment of life in Italy. 4. If you could go on a road-trip with anyone, who would it be and why? My mom, Aunt Patsy and Uncle Fagan. Because I think we would have a fun time, an interest in the same sites and a desire to move at the same pace. Although I would want to stay in nicer places and they would want to use campgrounds (with their fifthwheel). 5. What are your plans for this weekend? I am looking at a house tomorrow (yikes!). Probably cruising neighborhoods and looking for others. Tomorrow night is a barbecue and auction (live and silent) for the school at the church I grew up in (my mom works there fulltime, but I no longer attend services). Sunday the weather may dictate what happens.

 Well. Here is a position I never thought I'd be in. We found a second potential house tonight. I may actually have to decide between the two houses!! Shocking! And it only took walking through 50 houses!

 I am home early this afternoon. There were a urlLink series of explosions a few hours ago that took out the electricity of an entire grid of downtown. City Public Service workers were underground when something sparked the explosion. Two workers were airlifted to the local burn hospital. Another was treated on the scene. At this point, I do not know if there are more. I hope they are all o.k. Apparently the area a few blocks from us bordered on chaotic [we were about .5 miles away and did not feel anything]. While we didn't miss the computers, it was the " urlLink feels like 97&deg; " with no air conditioning that sent us all home. I was glad to be climbing down the seven flights of stairs instead of up. Tomorrow we have a phone number to call prior to going to work. Tonight I am going back to look at "the" house, plus a few new listings. Looks like it will be time to make a decision ...

 urlLink Happy Birthday Lee!

 *sigh* I was just reading urlLink KateSpot , when I noticed her thermometer says it's 70&deg; there. How I wish!! It's 88&deg; here and urlLink weather.com says it "feels like" 95&deg;. Does it ever! And it's only April ...

 Go urlLink Spurs Go! Please? [ Later : Thank you! ]

 Mom fell again today. Unfortunately, this time she did in it front of me. Giving me and two other guys a heart attack. Flat on her face. She's fine, basically. Nicely scrapped arm and I suspect she'll be stiff tomorrow. It's weird to hear yourself scream. I thought I would be a non-screamer in sudden situations, but I am not. Then again, I scream playing video games.

 Lunch with the ladies was four hours long!! Me, a 58-year-old, three 70-year-olds and an 82-year old. Whoo-hoo!! We did go to a urlLink cool place that included unique shops. The best part of the afternoon for me was running into my former best friend's mother (follow that?). I truly believe there are certain people placed on this planet we are destined to meet: soul mates . Tricia was one of those people for me. It was one of those instant connections. She used to get so mad when people would ask us how we could be friends because we were so different. I was the straightlaced "normal" one and she was the unconventional "peace out" girl. But, we just clicked. I kept her feet on the ground and she made sure I was always reaching for the stars. In the end, she was involved in a relationship with a jealous, selfish person who was threatened by me. She was forced to choose between us (and not by me). It was so great to see her mom and hear how everyone is doing. As we left, she encouraged me to call Tricia. I hesitated for a moment before telling her, It was not my decision for us to not be friends anymore. She looked me in the eye and said, "I totally understand what you mean. That happened to us too, until we had the big 'get over it, we're your in-laws' talk. It's been much better since then." I am glad to hear things are better for the family. I know it was ugly for a long time. I still miss her (it's been nine years). I hope someday we can be friends again. With or without the jerk.

 Ahhhh .... a vacation half day. Lovely. Since this is urlLink Battle of Flowers parade day, the office closes at 11 a.m. I decided I could use a three-day weekend. I am having lunch with mom and her compadres. Correction. I am the driver for mom and her compadres. I am mulling over a house. It is o.k. on the outside [the stucco needs to be a different color]. The inside, however, has lots of potential. I would rip the carpets up and have the wood floors redone. New linoleum and appliances in the kitchen [I am destined to never have a dishwasher]. Central air and heat. Two bedrooms, one bath. The second bedroom has a sitting area where I could put my computer and still have room for company. The master bedroom has a cedar closet. Large combo living room/dining room. Fireplace. Security system. Just over 1200 sq. ft. Two car garage and utility room with washer/dryer hook-ups. 1.3 miles from mom and 2.9 miles to work. The asking price? $67,900. Basically, for about $150 more a month, I could own a house instead of renting. So, what's the problem, right? Location. It is definitely beyond the boundary I set for myself in terms of location. It is off a very questionable neighborhood. Really, if it were even two blocks up, I'd have already put an offer on it! Decisions, decisions.

 Wow. I am never up this late. I've never been in the top 100 of the urlLink Friday Five before! 1. What are your hobbies? Reading. Now it seems to be house hunting. I think I have at least driven by 100 homes. I am sure I have been in close to 50. 2. Do you collect anything? Hearts. I'm getting pretty picky now. Just cause it has a heart on it doesn't mean I will like it. I also have a nice refrigerator collection of magnets from places I have traveled to. They're easy to pack and a daily reminder of my favorite places. 3. Is there a hobby you're interested in, but just don't have the time/money to do? I'd love to do beading. Necklaces, bracelets and such for gifts. 4. Have you ever turned a hobby into a moneymaking opportunity? No. 5. Besides web-related stuff (burbs, rings, etc.), what clubs do you belong to? Do my Ya-Ya sisters count?

 *tap*tap*tap* Attention. Attention, please. There are only two , yes, count them, only TWO more episodes of urlLink Alias . Where did this season go?!

 Depression update. Today I had my six-week follow-up with my primary care doctor. She was pleased with my progress and didn't increase my Celexa dosage [I don't feel I need it either]. She asked what I was doing with the therapist, so I showed her my list of completed homework. I also had my third visit with the therapist. Things continue to be good there. We have a nice connection. So much better than the stare-at-me therapist. Even with the homework. Everytime I mention the "D" word to mom, she changes the subject. Today I was really proud of her. She called to see how my appointments went. After I finished telling her, she said, "Well, I haven't really known how to say this, but you're a different person ." That made me feel really good. Cause I am. And I'm glad she can see it too.

 There have been deaths in my life that make me think, OK God, I don't get this one at all . There are funerals I have been to and thought, Who is the minister talking about? Surely not [insert name here]. Today was so different. I have never been to a funeral that felt so much like a celebration of life. For as much as we will all miss her, we are all glad that now she can breathe on her own. Walk around. See her parents. Her five-year-old son Bubba. Her 20-year-old brother who died in WWII. She is in a better place. I think part of my peace with this loss is that last visit. I feel so fortunate that I was able to see her feeling good. Talking well. Laughing. I'm glad we brightened her day as much as she did ours. I am glad for all the years we spent together. I'm glad I got to tell her that I loved her. Even though I've felt it for so long, I've signed it on cards, my actions have expressed it ... I don't think I ever said it out loud to her before. I am so glad I did. I drove mom and two of Phyllis' friends to the burial. They talked a lot about their long-term friendship with Phyllis. It was nice to hear new stories. We joked that when the minister was talking about her competitiveness and love of games that he failed to mention Keno or Vegas. As we left, I went to hug her daughter good-bye. She thanked me for bringing "the ladies." I would have come without them. Then she held my shoulders and looked me in the eye, "You do know how much my mother loved you, right?" As much as I loved her.

 The viewing tonight was really nice. It was hard seeing Phyllis, but at the same time, as I sat and listened to all the people talking and laughing at the funeral home I thought, Phyllis would have loved this . I was grateful to the people who would see my mom and say, "Oh Kay. How are you doing?" I was glad that people acknowledged what a loss this is for her. Inside the viewing room there were pictures of Phyllis and her family. There was also a picture of Phyllis and mom. I sat on the couch for a while, just waiting so mom could talk to everyone. I noticed two ladies talking about me. I heard one explain to the other, "I don't remember her name, but that's Phyllis' best friend's daughter." It made me smile. Mom really hates that title. She thinks it's not true because Phyllis had so many friends. Some for nearly 50 years. We talked about it in the car, how it made her uncomfortable. I told her, But mom, you were her special best friend and she was yours. "Yeah." She told me Saturdays would never be the same. They always used to go to Estate Sales. I would tease them, You guys are supposed to be taking stuff out, not bringing it in! [If you could see their homes, you would understand why.] I spent a lot of time with her grandson, Kyle. We laughed a lot. We joked about those final moments before she passed. That final decision she had to make ... Let's see, get well and go to Las Vegas one last time ... Or Heaven? Las Vegas? Heaven? Vegas? Heaven.

 Wow. It's Sunday already. I guess I have passed through the I must post something everyday phase. I have come online to blog several times and then decided I didn't want to afterall, so I just go visit my favorites. And then there are the days I haven't turned the computer on at all .... So, here is a recap of my week: I finished the last of my Easter candy. BIG **sigh** I had my second session with my second therapist. I like her a lot. I joined the urlLink Susan G. Komen Foundation Education Team to help teach breast cancer awareness. I am still not happy with work, so I requested my resume from my personnel file. It's been 10 years. I forgot what it said and had no idea where the original was. I'm going to begin building a new one and then I have no idea what I will do with it. I lost my urlLink Dave Matthews online auction. I set a dollar amount of what I wanted to spend. It went way over that. Ericka and I are still going. We'll be on the lawn, but we'll be there [New Year's resolution, remember?] It is urlLink Fiesta here. Yesterday, mom and I did the urlLink Monticello Home Tours [that's a picture of my high school]. It is the area I really, really want to live in and the six houses we toured reminded me why. Today we are doing the urlLink Fiesta Arts Fair with Linda and tonight we are going to the urlLink Botanical Gardens to see the urlLink Fort Sam fireworks . [I will tape urlLink Alias .] Yesterday was my Godmother's 73rd birthday. We did a Chinese buffet, which I normally hate, but this one was really good. She was ok talking with me alone, but in a group she looks lost. In the car after dinner she was a little more "out of it". Perhaps she was just tired. Phyllis died on Friday. I can't even begin to tell you how happy we are that we went to see her last Saturday. We have the memory of that last good visit. Of how much she loved the tulips. The strawberry shake we smuggled in. I am so glad I had the opportunity to tell her in person I love you .

 Well, I was thinking about 30 minutes ago that I would need to post my suspicions about urlLink Noah . Now I don't have to.

 Here's a urlLink weird referrer to my site. Can't figure that one out at all.

 I am so excited! I just made a bid on a pair of tickets to the urlLink Dave Matthews concert in May. All funds raised from the auction benefit the urlLink Bama Works Foundation . The auction does go on for five more days ~ I hope I win them!! Fifth row!!!! Whee!!

 For those interested ... urlLink Alias is now same-week episodes on the urlLink abcfamily channel . I was able to see the pieces that were pre-empted for weather bulletins last Sunday. I'm pretty sure I heard collective screaming when they broke in just as Syd and Noah were about to rip off their masks ....

 I have a new favorite store: urlLink IKEA . I've heard people rave, I've driven by it, but never been in. Yesterday, mom I and made a day-trip to Houston to visit Phyllis and we stopped in on our way home (and spent two hours looking!). I was amazed at the awesome merchandise at mostly inexpensive prices. I bought about $75 worth of stuff, but when I get a house, I am renting a truck and going shopping !

 Wow. Time for the urlLink Friday Five . Where did this week go?! 1. What is your favorite restaurant and why? urlLink Paesano's . For the Special Salad (really, that's what it's called), Seafood Pasta and Chocolate/Banana Bread Pudding. 2. What fast food restaurant are you partial to? Sonic. Mmmmm. Cherry Limeade. 3. What are your standards and rules for tipping? 10% (or less) for poor service, 15% for standard service and 20% for superior service. I have a handy-dandy card that helps me figure it out. 4. Do you usually order an appetizer and/or dessert? No. Sometimes an appetizer. Sometimes dessert. But neither very often. 5. What do you usually order to drink at a restaurant? Water.

 This -or- That from Ashley: Do you answer the phone on the first ring? Yes or no? No. I don't answer at all if the Caller ID says "unavailable". Which is worse: door-to-door salesmen or telemarketers? I can't tell you the last time I had a door-to-door salesman, so definitely the telemarketers (since their calls usually id as "Unavailable" I miss most of those). Which is worse: the phone company or the oil company? The price of gas is outrageous ~ again. Cordless phone, cellular phone, or corded phone? I have one of each. Phone number: write it down or remember it? I pda it. When you tell a date, "I'll call you", do you mean it? Yes or no? I mean it. Do you own one phone? Two? Three? More? Three. Have you purchased anything by phone? Yes or no? Not that I recall. Have you ever called someone and then hung up before you spoke? Yes or no? Yes, before Caller ID or Call Return. Do you own an answering machine? Yes. Since I screen so much it gets regular workouts.

 Wednesday night mom and I drove by three houses sent by the realtor. One would cost the price of the house [at least] to get it cleaned up [gorgeous old historical house]. Then Sue sent another on Thursday, so I called to see that one and the other two. By then, one of the other two was gone already [again!]. One house was a resounding no [there have been lots of those]. The other had potential. It's really a nice house, but it's not one that I walked in and thought, oh this is it [cause now I know what that feels like]. Two bedroom, with a nicely converted garage that could be a third bedroom or office. Good hardwood floors, decent kitchen, pink bathroom [floor, walls, the whole nine yards]. It would do just fine, but it's not like I love it. I would need to have central air and heat put in and repairs made where the window units would be taken out of the walls [uh, hello? They call them window units for a reason!] Sue sent over the owner's disclosure yesterday and asked if I wanted to put out a contract. It was so f-r-e-n-z-i-e-d at work [literally at one point I was running the halls], I never called her back and today she is out of town. *sigh* Is it too much to ask to find a house that I love that I can afford?

 A late urlLink Friday Five : 1. What are the first things that you do in the morning to start your day? Hit the snooze button for about 30 minutes. I sleep until the last possible moment. Then bathroom things, stand in my closet deciding what to wear, ironing [if necessry], pack my breakfast, lunch and snack. 2. What are the last things that you do at night before going to bed? Shower, read in bed 15-30 minutes. 3. What daily routine have you recently added to your day? Looking at houses. Seems daily anyway. 4. What routine do you wish you get rid of? Going to work. Ahhh, to win the lotto [if only I could remember to buy a ticket!] 5. What's the one thing that makes you feel like something is missing if you don't do it some point within your day? Get dressed. ; )

 From urlLink Fury : urlLink American mile markers . A photographer travels from the Statue of Liberty to the Golden Gate Bridge, his camera clicking at every mile.

 Talk about the urlLink neighbor from hell !

 Dilemma solved. My realtor called today. The house from last night sold. *sigh*

 How to keep a healthy level of insanity At lunchtime, sit in your parked car with sunglasses on and point a hair dryer at passing cars. See if they slow down. Page yourself over the intercom. Don't disguise your voice. Every time someone asks you to do something, ask if they want fries with that. Put your garbage can on your desk and label it "in". Put decaf in the coffee maker for 3 weeks. Once everyone has gotten over their caffeine addictions, switch to espresso. In the memo field of all your checks, write "for sexual favors". Finish all your sentences with "in accordance with the prophecy." Dont use any punctuation marks As often as possible, skip rather than walk. Ask people what sex they are. Laugh hysterically after they answer. Specify that your drive-through order is "to go". Sing along at the opera. Go to a poetry recital and ask why the poems don't rhyme. Put mosquito netting around your work area. Play a tape of jungle sounds all day. Five days in advance, tell your friends you can't attend their party because you're not in the mood. Have your coworkers address you by your wrestling name, Rock Hard Kim. When the money comes out the ATM, scream "I won! I won! 3rd time this week! " When leaving the zoo, start running towards the parking lot, yelling "run for your lives, they're loose!!" Tell your children over dinner. "Due to the economy, we are going to have to let one of you go."

 Tonight was my second session with my therapist. I think I am going to break up with her. I've had therapy before. I know what I need. She's not it. She literally sits and looks at me until I talk. I told her tonight that I am reserved, have a had time talking about my feelings [I am so like a guy] ... that I need prompting, questions. She told me, "Well, I am all out of questions tonight." And then something like I need to be responsible for my growth. Well, hell, if I could figure that out on my own I wouldn't be in therapy!! Before that we looked at three houses. One has potential, but my inner voice is screaming out about the street it is on. The neighborhood I am primarily looking at is an older one. Lots of young families have moved back in and are renovating. This house, for example, is really cute, great landscaping, new kitchen, new bathroom ... very reasonably priced. It will go fast. However, the rest of the street has not caught up with that house. Most of the houses are well-kept, but a few others are not (i.e.: I have a problem with cars parked on the front lawn two doors down). So do I take the chance that more people will come to that street or get stuck in a not-so-great part of the neighborhood? Mostly I am disappointed because the one I really wanted to see is officially off the market to be a rental house. *sigh* It had real potential on a near perfect street...

 Hmmm ... I don't think I like italics in this font. Oh, and today has some funky timestamps.

 Yeah, cause it's obviously a urlLink family show .

 It's official. I am now a homeowner. This is a proud day for me. I am proud that I was able to get financing on my own and pay for the closing costs by myself. My mom was so cute. She took Sue and I out to her car when it was all over and pulled out wine glasses and a chilled bottle of apple cider. We had a toast to the house. I was really touched. Everyone has been so excited for me. Lots of hugs and well wishes today. I'm sort of a low-key person at work when it comes to things like this, but I guess buying your first house is a pretty big deal to everyone. We had a Ya-Ya tonight and had another toast with a different kind of beverage! Part of me is ready to move now, but part of me is really glad to have another month to sort through and pack things, get all my utilities and bills updated, magazine subscriptions changed -- and all those other lovely things that come with a move.

 Well ... maybe I'll become a homeowner tomorrow . Paperwork wasn't ready today. My stomach is in knots !

 Tonight we had our make-up cook-out. Nothing better than a hot dog from the grill. Toasted bun. Baked beans, chips, s'mores and games. Life is good. Especially for a Wednesday.

 Farmers is now my most favorite insurance company.

 Well, I see tomorrow is urlLink Oprah's Ya-Ya show . Guess we didn't make the cut ...

 The insurance agency that currently insures the house I **think** I am buying has declined me for homeowners. No insurance, no loan, no house.

 Holy crap. On Thursday I am going to be a homeowner.

 I love urlLink Trading Spaces . But, I think I'd have to draw the line at hay on my walls.

 Here's how much of a nerd I am. Today the new Jan Karon novel comes out, urlLink In this Mountain . It is the seventh in a series about a small-town rector. It is "gentle" fiction, but I just love the stories. Guess what I am buying today?

 Today is supposed to be barbecue day. But, Kristy just called and said Linda has a migraine. *sigh* I hope she feels better. Not just because I have been so craving a hot dog, but now my fridge smells like deviled eggs. Well, and so that she'll be out of pain too ... [I'm not totally insensitive!]

 Well. That's cool.

 Just testing out the Blogger Pro e-mail feature.

 My realtor just called to tell me everything is ready and we can close tomorrow. Yeah, except for the fact I don't have homeowners insurance yet. So we're going to close on Thursday.

 Why, oh, why, are they mowing the grass this morning? Don't they know it's a holiday!?!?

 An older article, but still worth a guffaw: urlLink Herman Munster, rock god

 I don't think I've mentioned the "Are you part of a girlfriend group?" of the "Be on the show" for urlLink Oprah . It looks like they are preparing a show for when the urlLink Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood movie comes out. I got the weekly Oprah e-mail and decided to rally my Ya-Ya's. I wrote an intro and closing, and then three of us wrote a "What my Ya-Ya's mean to me" essay and I sent it in. We decided that it would be the ultimate Ya-Ya, but were also glad that we each got to see how each of us really feels. I mean, I know they know I love them, but now they know . excerpts : We try to get together every four to six weeks. Like any good social engagement, our evening revolves around food, drink and friendship. We laugh a lot, but over the years theres also been a tear or two and many, many glasses of wine! We each bring different characteristics to the table. We have the smart one, the gregarious one, the funny one, the generous one, the forgetful one, the happy one, the leader, the mad one, the one who is in-the-know, the quiet one, the one with-great-news. Through our years together, we have each been the one. We've seen some of us marry, buy houses and have children. We've also supported each other during the death of a parent, watching a mom go through cancer treatment and moving back home with your husband. We've been promoted at our jobs, moved around at our company and have had to work through projects together. All of these are definite tests of friendships. And, yes, it has been tough at times and yes, we don't talk on the phone everyday, don't e-mail everyday and sometimes only see each other once a month, but we know each other. We know how IJ will tell us a story about a crazy customer, but we want to hear it because she makes us laugh. We know how Steph will report out on the latest budget plan developed by her husband, but we want to hear it because she makes us laugh. We know how Susana will describe her mom's latest activity, but we want to hear it because she makes us laugh. Even though I grew up without sisters, I have my Ya-Ya sisters which may be even better. We laugh together and we cry together. Share our dreams and our fears. We support each other, even when we dont agree. We get mad at each other and we work things out. Weve seen some struggles, and some dreams come true. We talk about boys and shopping and getting our hair done. More than anything, we share laughter. Lots and lots of laughter. All of the benefits of having sisters, without fighting over the bathroom.

 urlLink Kate -- don't forget the urlLink Trading Spaces marathon on Monday! And, here are a couple urlLink cool articles you will like.

 Ahhh ... a few days off from work. What a pleasure. I took off Thursday and Friday and drove with Linda and mom to Houston. My cousin Mike was in town from Michigan, so we got all together with my brother and his wife for dinner. I really wanted to talk more with Mike, but I find I really clam up around my brother. We don't get along and we didn't say one word to each other the entire evening. We stayed at Jill and Sandy's in Sugar Land. They have a lovely, lovely home. I love to stay there. Friday we got up and had breakfast at one of our Houston favorites, urlLink Le Peep [banana pecan waffle with lots of whip cream -- yum!]. Then we went to see the urlLink Titanic exhibit. Very interesting, but not worth $17. We also went through the urlLink Butterfly Center . Very cool. Then we made the obligatory trip to urlLink IKEA . Love that store. I spent more than I should have, and will still need a return trip once I move. After dinner at the urlLink Rain Forest Cafe and a little wondering through the urlLink Katy Mills Mall , we headed home. Today I went to my Godson's adult-pitch game. He caught a really high throw, but the ump called his runner to second safe. He cried. I told him, "good catch, bad call." His mom says he needs to learn that not everything is going to go his way. We did lunch afterwards. He and his sister, Gina, were very funny. They played a hide-the-penny game. He hid two pennies on the table and she had to find them. One was in plain site and she just could not see it. Guess you had to be there. Then we visited my Godparent's daughter-in-law in the hospital. On Monday she was at work assisting a customer when she couldn't read something. She must've looked funny, cause the customer asked her what was wrong. When she told him what was going on, he told her that he was a doctor and she should go to the emergency room. After a battery of tests, they found a brain tumor and she had emergency surgery. She woke up with most of her memory, but still is unable to read. She is very upset about it, but I figure in the grand scale of brain tumors -- as frustrating as it will be -- re-learning to read is one of the lower-end side effects.

 So, it's not perfect, but it is something different. If anyone can tell me how to make the am and pm lowercase, I would greatly appreciate a urlLink shout .

 Today I was declined, by the company I work for , for home insurance. Seems there was a water damage claim last September for $6700+. Whhaaatttt??? Um, that wasn't mentioned in the seller's disclosure. Oh, and my 10-days-to-change-my-mind was up last Saturday. **sigh** We are waiting to hear from the other realtor about what really happened. Oy. If people who know me won't insure me, will strangers?!

 What will I do when urlLink this is on at the same time as Spygirl?

 Spygirl urlLink article .

 Wow. It's Friday. What happened to this week and why haven't I blogged? The house was inspected. It's in good enough condition that they practically have nothing to fix before we close. My cousin Abie was in an accident in Michigan. All three kids had to be airlifted to a trauma hospital 90 miles away. Apparently they are all lucky to be alive. The driver has internal injuries and still may die. The girl, sitting the in middle of the pickup, may lose her foot. She had a full, four-year volleyball scholarship to college this fall. Abie has a shattered leg and arm (he was on the passenger side where they were hit), a broken pelvis, jaw, cheek and teeth (I'm not sure what that means, but it sounds yucky). He has had four surgeries since Tuesday. They expect he will be in the hospital and rehab until August. We've had glorious weather this week. Last night we had rain, which we desperately need. It is threatening more right now, so my fingers are crossed (especially since I have a lawn to worry about now!). I enjoyed urlLink Attack of the Clones (and the urlLink Matrix trailer). Oh, and my Ya-Ya name is urlLink Duchess Shining Star (thanks for the link urlLink Kate !).

 Wow. Lots of hits today from folks looking for the "Alias finale." Let me just say, it rocked . I totally loved it. And, it fulfilled the prophecy I made on urlLink Sunday, January 27 . I'll be curious to see what urlLink Television without Pity has to say.

 What you think you know .... you don't know. -- Jack Bristow

 urlLink Plot twists sneak 'Alias' finale back to the beginning

 What a day. A flurry of paperwork on the house. My loan guy recommended locking in today because he expects the rate to go up any minute now. Then like 4 p.m., it occurs to me, Oh, I'm supposed to be calling about insurance! Then I talked to my lovely real estate agent Sue, and she volunteered to help make some calls for me tomorrow. What a woman! This morning I talked with my boss about the "D" word. I don't feel like my work has been up to par and have really felt it's been noticeable lately. Today was my regularly scheduled bi-monthly meeting and when I walked in she asked, "So, are you going crazy?" I laughed and said, It's funny you should ask that today ... I explained the depression, meds and therapy [my therapist and I walked through this yesterday]. She was really great about it. She told me, "Well things make more sense now. You have not the been the same person you were even six months ago." She told me that she understands a lot about depression. That even with medication you aren't better "tomorrow." I told her that I thought within a few months I would be closer to my old self, but for now I'm just not multi-tasking very well. She didn't take any work away from me [the BIG project ends next week], but I feel like I have a safety net now.

 For those interested: urlLink Spygirl is on urlLink Felicity tonight.

 So, I made an offer on Saturday. They countered on Sunday. Basically, they didn't want to pay for anything (i.e. home owners warranty, FHA required closing cost for seller, etc...). I countered back on Monday. Yes, you have to pay for some things. Today they said, "O.K." Whee! They accepted my bid! In less than a month, I should be a home owner!! Omigod ... in less than a month, I should be a home owner ...

 Whoo-hoo!! Go urlLink Spurs Go!

 I made an offer on house two. Six hours ago. No news has not been good news in the past. But, they have 24 hours to accept, decline or counter. I must be patient.

 Let's see ... an update since Wednesday. The urlLink Spurs lost one. Won one. Won the series. Tomorrow: The Lakers. I made an offer on house one. Someone outbid me. Today I am hoping to make an offer on house two. I am a new fan of urlLink Trading Spaces . It's urlLink Kate's fault [an urlLink ew link from her site]. Find your favorite show urlLink here . Hysterically snarky. urlLink Dave Matthews ROCKS. Totally. His voice is so awesome. And he ain't hard to look at either. And guess urlLink who is coming in August? Life is good.

 Go urlLink Spurs Go! Win this one for urlLink Tim !

 After many blonde moments as of late, I decided maybe I needed to be one. Again. So now I am. It's freaking me out to look in the mirror.

 Lesson(s) of the day: Be certain that any lovely neutral color [i.e.: "Whole Grain"] will go exactly where it should with minimal issues or splatters. Any bright color [i.e.: Essex Orange] will splatter, drip and spill regularly. If you place your hand in the path of the moving blades of a ceiling fan and they make contact ... it will hurt. Might even break your skin and cause blood seepage. If you paint with your mouth open ... you'll eventually get to taste it. Guess what? We met every single goal for today. Really! Started about 9 a.m. and finished by 6:20 p.m. Girl Power! The orange room looks fabulous . I love it. I started fashioning the tile in the kitchen and office. It is so nice to see something exactly the way I envisioned it. The entertainment is together and awaiting a television set. Both rooms have two coats of paint. The electrician is putting together a bid. All-in-all it was a pretty perfect day. My friend Sandy came back today, and she came to work . Man, I am so grateful for her help. Really, I'd still be reading the armoire/entertainment center directions. Better yet, if my friends hadn't come last night, I'd still be painting. I am so grateful to have so many women in my life who care for me and want to help. But tonight, I feel really lucky to have Sandy as my friend. She brought her niece, Kristy, who was also a huge help. Later her kids came over and I took everyone out to dinner. It was the least I could do for all the free labor and guidance [this was my first paint attempt indoors]. We worked hard [Sandy more than some of us], but we had fun and laughed a lot too. I feel strange knowing this is my last night in my apartment. While I am really excited about the house, I have loved this apartment. I will miss it ... for a few days anyway. Probably mostly for the free repair service ...

 Oh, and the carpenter did calculate wrong. A $1,000 wrong. Really, he strikes me as a good guy. I think it was a honest mistake. And I forgot the appointment with the electrician at 11 a.m. on my list of things to do tomorrow ...

 Got my keys. It felt fab-o. I wished for a moment alone in the house, but no dice so far. The carpenter was there to put my hole in the ceiling and tonight it was a girl's painting party. Lesson of the day: do not paint over a semi-gloss with a flat without priming it first. That freakin' peach is showing through my lovely, calming "Whole Grain" paint. Now tomorrow I need to go back and do a second coat. Totally blowing my schedule all to hell. May even need to buy more pain. It's that Murphy's Law thing, I'm telling you. The first thing I did was crack open the Essex Orange and do a partial paint. I think I am going to love, love, love it. I'm now hoping to get that finished tomorrow, but that will require a stop at Lowe's for some spackle stuff. Goals for tomorrow: Wrestle the pieces of the armoire back into the car. Pick-up my kitchen tile. Visit Lowe's. Paint second coat in living room. Paint first and second coats in office. Put together entertainment center. I'm laughing. Really, I am.

 Tomorrow morning at 9 a.m., I take official ownership of my house ~~ I get the keys!! Go me! Tonight I bought the paint for my living room and office. The living room color is a nice neutral (that peach has got to go) and I chose bright orange for the office. Yes, orange. See, I was at one of many paint places and one name just jumped right out at me: Essex Orange. How could I pass that up? I'm expecting 6-7 helpers tomorrow night. I promised to ply them with pizza, cookies and beverages. I hope with that many people it won't take too long. Then I am taking off Friday to put together the "entertainment center" ~~ after I wrestle it back into my car (this time I am going to open up the box and move it piece by piece). On Saturday, a local non-profit is coming by to pick up my donations: TV set (large console ~~ color not too hot, but it works), microwave (20-years old, too old to sell), a mini stereo, clothes, a wall hanging, small indoor grill (George Forman works better) and other miscellaneous items, Then I am going to buy a new TV, so the movers can pull it out of my trunk and place it in the newly built "entertainment center" (God willing it stays up). By Saturday night, I'll be sleeping in my home ... I haven't gotten some of the things done I wanted to do before moving in. I figure it's Murphy's Law and have elected to roll with the punches. I am meeting the construction guy again tomorrow so he can re-measure the house for insulation. I think he measured wrong (about $1,000 wrong). We'll see. I'll try to document the process for my Yahoo photo album ...

 Give yourself a urlLink pat on the back ... When the script prompt comes up, type in your first name, sit back and be prepared to smile! Use as needed.

 Well, the bruises have begun to pop-up from my WWF match with the entertainment center on Saturday. And my back is letting me know that while this packing thing was fun in the beginning ... I am definitely at that place where things look really terrible ~~ right before things start coming together. At least, I hope that's where I am!

 I've discovered packing is really like taking a walk down memory lane. Clothes you haven't worn in years. Items you don't remember having (did I mention I found a printer I'd forgotten? Sold it for $40). And pictures, in albums, still in the photo processing packages and stuffed in drawers. I've found lots of photos 10, 12, 15-years old. I'm not much of a photographer. I never remember to carry a camera. And when I do, I forget to take pictures. However, I used to live with a photographer, so I found lots of pictures from the years we were friends. I learned early on to smile and attempt to look decent or you have a lot of ugly pictures floating around. I laugh at the 80's. Big hair ( this is Texas, you know ). Big shoulder pads. All the hair styles over the years. The different colors ( bleach blonde to red ~ you name it, I wore it ). Last night I found a picture of me with a guy I dated in college. Funny how just one photo can send you back in time. Gosh he was cute. Ugh, look at that blue eyeliner. What was I thinking? Oh yeah, I wore his shirt because some bimbo spilled a dark beverage all over my white shirt. Warren. I wonder how he is now. He sure liked me. Now what happened there ... Oh, yeah. Still a boy. The Cult concert. That fight. He jumped out of the way and left me in the fray. By the time he remembered me, it was over. By the way, the opening act was Guns -n- Roses before they were big. I remember liking them better than The Cult. I was amazed at the number of pictures I found with dozens of people no longer in my life. Sad really. We used to have such fun together. Six flags ( a mini skirt and high-top tennis shoes?? And could my hair be any bigger or curlier? ). Birthday parties ( could my glasses have covered much more of my face?! ). Skinny days. Fatter days. The dinner train. Softball games. Volleyball games. Game night at my house. Pool parties. Some people I really miss. Tricia. Ray. Some names I don't even remember. Who is that guy in my living room? Some lost to marriage. Or divorce. To alcoholism. To fights blown out of proportion. Then I look at my life today. The friends I have no pictures of. People who are really important to me. It inspires me to finish that role of film from our trip to NYC last Thanksgiving. To start documenting my life again ...

 Mostly, I forget to check out the Blogs of Note (even though I was one once) on the urlLink Blogger home page because I log-in through urlLink Blogger Pro . Today, I did and found urlLink The Date Project . Whoo-boy. How many millions of us can empathize with him?!

 Go urlLink Blogger !

 I really like the way Blogger just makes up post times. Sometimes they're right, sometimes they're not (i.e.: yesterday's time was accurate). It's right behind the scenes, but not on my blog ...

 And I just thought I'd spend the day packing ... Mom and I met a carpenter at the house to get a bid on the work I need done (will get bid tomorrow). After a brief detour to Foley's, we ordered the tile for my kitchen/office (large black and white tiles). Then we picked up my Godmother and headed to Lowe's to buy an urlLink armoire for my new television (yet to be bought). The loader guy laughed when we said we were going to put in a Honda, but we got it all the way in and closed the trunk. Getting it out was a whole different story. Really, if I'd had any idea, I would have called someone to help me with it. It must've weighed 175-200 lbs! After wrestling it into mom's garage, we did lunch and looked at five more furniture stores (I need something to use as a pantry). After I dropped them off, I met Elizabeth and we saw urlLink Lilo & Stitch . I really enjoyed it. I was surpised that in their largest theater, full of families, we actually had six adults in a row with no kids. I guess some of us are just still kids at heart. We went to the new urlLink Longhorn Cafe #2 for a burger. It was quite pleasant sitting outside. The tempurature was agreeable and there was live music. Frankly, I'm surprised I'm not asleep yet!

 Two goodies today: A urlLink Blogger t-shirt (Blogger-Pro users get free shipping!). I think I must wear it tomorrow! A new book. urlLink Good in Bed . It's a novel, not a self-help book, k?

 Haven't done this in a while ... urlLink The Friday Five : 1. Do you live in a house, an apartment or a condo? I live in an apartment, in a four-plex, until June 28. Then I move into my house! 2. Do you rent or own? Both, actually. I rent through the end of this month. Start on my mortgage next month. Luckily, the "tenants" are paying for July ... 3. Does anyone else live with you? Just dustballs. 4. How many times have you moved in your life? 8 times so far. 9 times as of next Friday. 5. What are your plans for this weekend? Packing, packing and more packing.

 Have I mentioned that my "tenants" are moving on Monday, pushing up everything a week? The a/c, minor construction work, tiling the kitchen, insulation, packing, movers, utilities, etc ... No, I'm not really frantic. Nuh-uh.

 Wowza. I got my first central air and heat bid today. About $1,000 more than I expected. It's for a Ruud system, 12 seer (14 is the max). I'm getting a second bid tomorrow.

 Blogger sure is being picky as to what it posts when these days.

 The phone call: E: You park in the lot across the street, right? S: Yes. E: The blue Honda, right? S: Yes. [wondering where this conversation is going] E: Where is the antenna?!? S: [laughing as I figure it out] Inside the windshield. She'd bought me a patriotic Mickey Mouse antenna head while she was at Walt Disney World. And while she reported having a good time, I'm pretty sure she had a better time when we went. We had a near perfect trip several years ago [my first]. It was an experience that couldn't be replicated with anyone else ... or even by us ...

 Happy Birthday Phyllis. We love you and we miss you.

 urlLink Chagrin and Men I Have Loved by urlLink Mightygirl .

 I.hate.packing.

 I have the television on in the other room. I just overheard a woman say, "I was an only child until I was 32. That's when my dad married a great gal and they had a daughter." And I thought, Whoa . Then I got out the calculator and realized there are 32 years between my oldest brother and myself. The closest in age of the five brother, one sister sibling chain is 15 years older.

 I remember now why I haven't moved in five years. It wasn't really the great location or the reasonable rent. I just didn't want to pack.

 Linda and her daughters are going urlLink Disneyland today. They promised to call from near the Peter Pan ride and Kristy offered to eat a Mickey Mouse ice cream for me. She is so selfless ! Elizabeth has been at urlLink Disney World since last Wednesday. She also promised to eat a Mickey Mouse ice cream and has already sent a digital e-card. While I am happy for my friends, I must confess I am so jealous !!

 Tonight we had a pleasant dinner with my Godparents and their kids. For Father's Day and my Godfather's birthday. Terry and Bette have a new Golden Lab. Oh, I want one so bad. He had the sweetest disposition. Bruce offered to help me with the a/c in the house, but needs a longer turn-around than I expected. He offered up the same price as what my realtor guessed it would cost. Bette's brain tumor was malignant. She is taking oral chemo and radiation. For as much as she can drive me nuts, I sure hope she is o.k.

 I love to travel. I think it's in my blood. I haven't done as much of it lately (I used to rack up the urlLink free tickets when I was a trainer). I have three trips coming up now. urlLink Fort Worth and urlLink Kansas City are for work, urlLink Boulder is for pleasure. Linda is going with me to KC for a writing class that starts on a Tuesday. It will take us almost all day to get there because we have to stop in nearly every city between here and there. So, I talked Linda into going up on Sunday so we can sightsee on Monday. Afterall, KC is the home of urlLink Hallmark . For someone like me, that's like visiting the mother ship. But, here's what I get for not checking my calendar: Sunday night is the urlLink Lenny concert. **sigh** Linda offered to reschedule to Monday, but I really want, heck ~~ need to go somewhere ... anywhere .

 Well, I like these options. According to urlLink Find Your Spot , these are the top ten U.S. cities for me: New Orleans, Louisiana Honolulu, Hawaii Los Angeles, California Providence, Rhode Island Baltimore, Maryland Las Vegas, Nevada San Diego, California Portland, Oregon Long Beach, California Austin, Texas [via urlLink jish ]

 I started packing tonight. I didn't do a whole lot because urlLink Trading Spaces was on. That dang show is so addicting. I never thought I would get excited about a home improvement show... It's nice to see some of the older shows. Pre-pregnant urlLink Laurie . And urlLink Doug's old haircut. So Flock of Seagulls!

 Happy 10th anniversary to me. One of the big guys called yesterday and thanked me for my contributions to the bank. That was nice. Otherwise it feels uneventful, and that's kind of sad. Today: breakfast with mom and Linda, rummage sale, outlet mall, checking second-hand store for used furniture. And, I really should start packing.

 Not-so-good work news today. I work with one of my Ya-Ya's. Today she told me they are getting ready to transfer her to another department. It has been so great to have another adult around. I don't know what I will do when it is me and the 12-year-olds again. My consolation? A haircut, shopping at urlLink Banana Republic and a new book, urlLink Confessions of a Shopaholic . Totally not a reflection on the mini spree at Banana Republic.

 I did something today I never thought I would do. I intentionally tuned my car radio to urlLink NPR . I have always been a top 40 kind of gal. Even now in my mid-30's. Every morning for years, I listened to Dr. Drex. For a while, the sex talk was funny, then it got raunchy and old. I switched to Deb & Dean and enjoyed them for years. About three weeks ago they were let go. The new guy is "Woody." Har.Har.Har. We're back to the raunchy sex talk. It's not that I'm a prude. I just want people to be funny. Not crude. Not derogatory. Not vulgar or crass. Just plain humor. Everyday life humor. So I turned off my radio as I was getting ready and in the car I listened to news stories. I'm embarrassed to say I actually enjoyed it. I must be getting old. (Definitely older than urlLink Kate !)

 Example of my co-workers. Tonight we had a baby shower for one of us. At some point, Melissa mentioned how great she'd been feeling throughout her pregnancy. Someone chimed in, "Oh yeah, we think you've been much less moody since you've been pregnant." Laugh, laugh laugh. Wasn't that so sweet of her to say?

 I love urlLink half.com . I ordered a new CD today for $6. That includes shipping. The CD's release date? June 4. Can't beat that deal with a stick!

 My big laugh for the day. I never visit blog sites at work. Today I went to two: urlLink KateSpot and urlLink random.oddness . I got into Kate's with no problem. I got urlLink websense d at Lee's. The filter? Gay & Lesbian Issues !!!!!!!!!

 One more time with feeling! Happy Birthday urlLink Kate !!!!!!!!!

 Happy Birthday urlLink Kate ! Oops! urlLink Kate's birthday is tomorrow !!

 Well, urlLink duh .

 Cool. An Alias urlLink FAQ .

 I've been meaning to blog. Really I have ... Saturday -- my Godson struck out twice at his adult-pitch softball game. He never strikes out. He cried. Both times. ~~ I also did a 50th birthday party and high school graduation party. Put on 128 miles door-to-door. That's why all Texans have cars. Sunday -- saw the urlLink Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood movie with my Ya-Ya's. Definitely a chick flick. I confess to crying. All four of us were snuffling. But remember, I cry at a good urlLink Hallmark commercial! We decided we would make each other crowns for our next Ya-Ya. This oughta be fun! Have I started packing? No. Am I glad urlLink Lee finally saw the urlLink Alias finale? Yes. Am I wondering if Jeff is still alive? Definitely. Am I worried about urlLink dirty bombs ? Totally. Am I baffled by the urlLink polygraph test ? Yup. Am I sorry about the urlLink Teflon Don passing on? Nope.

 The Top 12 Things Uttered by Yoda While Making Love 12. Ahhh! Yoda's little friend you seek! 11. Urm. Put a shield on my saber I must. 10. Feel the force! 9. Foreplay, cuddling. A Jedi craves not these things. 8. Down here I am. Find a ladder I must! 7. Do me or do me not, there is no try. 6. Early must I rise. Leave now you must! 5. You know, this would be a lot more fun without Frank Oz's hand up my ass. 4. Happens to every guy sometimes this does. 3. When 900 years old you get, Viagra you need too, hmmmm? 2. Ow, ow, OW! On my ear you are! 1. Who's your Jedi Master? Who's your Jedi Master? [via urlLink Sunny Side Up ]

 Yeah, I know really big spaces between posts. But, if I take out a space then the last post of the day is really close to the dateline of yesterday [got that?].

 Aargh! I cannot figure out how to make my timestamp smaller! I have put this "font-size:8px" everywhere I think appropriate. And, the time is still wrong [yes, I double checked my settings!].

 Yes, another update. I decided I needed a font I could italicize .

 urlLink Loriloo is at the World Cup.

 I went to urlLink Hallmark tonight. Since I didn't grow up with a father, it's not a major holiday for me. Usually, it's not even a blip on the radar. But, the day usually falls around my Godfather's birthday, so his family does the combo celebration thing. Last year I so totally forgot I was at the grocery store on Father's Day frantically looking for a card [already had the birthday card]. I decided I would start a little earlier this year. Unfortunately, the only "Godfather" cards I found were written to come from someone in the under-12 crowd. I stood and looked at the cards for awhile. There are all these "like a father" cards. It occurred to me that there should be a "You're my everything, Mom" cards. Our relationship hasn't always been the greatest, but I can look back on my life and know that she did it all. She was a single parent before it became the "in" thing. She was an older parent way before celebrities set the trend. She put food on the table, clothes on my back, played softball in the back yard, dolled out discipline and tender loving care. She deserves a card on his holiday too.

 I have met some of the most amazing people in blogworld. Strangers who share kind words [e-mails when mom was going through chemo]. Strangers who are generous with their time [helping me with my template ... several times]. Strangers who will tape a TV show and mail it to me. And today, a stranger who sends me a gift. O.K., so maybe urlLink Kate's not such a stranger anymore. We've never met, but it feels like I know her. I guess that comes from her writing an honest blog. Today she sent me my first "house warming" gift. I was totally blown away. That someone who has never met me, cared enough to want to celebrate my first house with me. I was pretty speechless for a long time [and that's saying a lot!]. Kate ... thank you .

 And Sydney Bristow's urlLink mom is ....

 Check out: urlLink I. Don't. Want. To. Do. My Homework. Another someone who thinks I am a guy. Really. Do I "sound" like a guy?! Besides. It seems redundant to write about my cancer stricken mother since I announced she's in remission month's ago!

 New CD: urlLink Three Days by urlLink Pat Green . I ordered it from urlLink half after reading a urlLink Texas Monthly article by one of my favorite writers, urlLink Skip Hollandsworth . It's country, but it's not.

 Hmmm. Still having weird timestamps [yes, I checked my settings].

 Cool. I just spoke with Robin, my "tenant". [tee-hee-hee!] They would like to move earlier. Like the week of the 16th. I was like "Oh, yeah!"

 This weekend I have experienced a totally new phenomenon for me. I have slept through a ringing phone. Twice. Without any sleep-enhancing medication. I have never done this before. The phone always wakes me. Yesterday my mom called when I was napping and I didn't notice until hours later. This morning my landlord called at 9:20 a.m. and I slept right through it. I must be more tired than I think.

 I live semi-near an open-air theater. Once in a while there's a concert and if I have my windows open, I can hear some of the songs quite clearly. Sometimes I recognize the band, sometimes not. I'm embarrased to say that I just recognized "Every Rose Has Its Thorn" by urlLink Poison . I believe right now I hear the strains of "Look What the Cat Dragged In." Ah, well, even though I date myself to the wild hair of the '80s with my Poison knowledge, they sound a heck of a lot better than Snoop Dog. Now there's a man who can cuss .

 Today I am giving my 37-day notice to my landlord. I am so excited about this. I have been in this apartment 5&frac12; years now and have been happy here. But, there is something about knowing I won't be paying rent anymore that really makes me happy. I know I will miss this neighborhood and location a great deal. I rent in one of the nicer areas of town and have easy access to some of the better stores, etc... But, something also makes me feel proud that I am moving into an older neighborhood. It's like I believe people like me can help rejuvenate the inner city.

 I had my Godparents and mom over for dinner tonight. It just kills me that these key people in my life are getting older ... My Godfather's humor can be a little crass for me, but tonight he was on his best behavior. My Godmother was having an off night. Occasionally she'd get out a full phrase or idea, but mostly she struggled. While she and mom were off talking about something in the kitchen, he talked to me about the situation for the very first time. There were points I thought he would cry. He told me that he sees her slipping fast. That she can no longer cook like she used to and it is difficult for her to even follow the simplest of directions. All my life she's been my favorite cook. I was thinking just the other day that I needed someone to teach me how to finely chop onions. It made me sad to know that I missed out on the chance for it to be her. Claude said that he prays every day for God to give him the strength to make all the right decisions that day. When I asked how her moods were, he told me that she's been having temper tantrums, which I was afraid of. When we are together she is quick to react to something ... the most simple of things ... in an ugly way. In the past, I've told mom that when the time comes she is going to me a mean Alzheimer's victim. It makes me very sad. She has been one of the kindest, most generous persons in my life. She was the epitome of a Godparent. I am afraid that I will learn to miss her long before she is gone.

 Gosh, I feel like I haven't blogged in forever. Sunday we saw urlLink My Big Fat Greek Wedding . Very, very cute. Really, it could have been any family My Big Fat Jewish Wedding, My Big Fat Italian Wedding, My Big Fat Catholic Wedding. Just watching the large, very involved family was very funny. You can so see your own family or that of someone you know. My friend David is in town from San Francisco. We had dinner last night at his brother Robert's. It was a lot of fun. Robert [who is three years old than me] has grown-up so much. I was just floored at how friendly and pleasant he was. When we were younger [I've known David 20+ years], I remember Robert stomping around and grunting instead of speaking. Now, he's just so adult! I hadn't seen their mom in many years. She always loved me. I'm pretty sure she expected me to bring David back into the heterosexual world. Ha. Soosie , she says in her very heavily accented English. Seeing you brings back so many good memories. David was my very first gay friend. He came out after high school. I think he was afraid that I would be closed minded to the idea. Of all our friends then, guess who's still here? Me. I adore David and wish it wasn't years between visits. For the first time ever, he bought a boy home with him [Frank must be very special]. To bring Frank into Robert's house is a big wow. Frankly, I was fearful, but everyone seems to be getting along splendidly. It made me really happy to see that. Tonight we are celebrating Linda's birthday. urlLink Souper Salads , the urlLink Sherlock Holmes exhibit at the Witte and then to urlLink Cappy's for dessert. I like that we are doing something different. Tomorrow night I am having my Godparents over for dinner. Claude is a meat and potatoes guy, so I am going to try the urlLink Stroganoff Casserole with Spinach on him. It was really good the other night [if I do say so myself], so it will be an identical menu to that of the Ya-Ya's. Thursday night I am getting highlights and a haircut. Then I have my monthly urlLink Susan G. Komen Foundation Education Committee meeting. Friday afternoon I am heading to Boulder for the weekend. My friend Elizabeth is having a party there, and invited Linda and I. I haven't been to Colorado for years, so I am looking forward to it. I hope the temperatures are cooler and the fires are under control. So, if you don't hear from me again until next week that's why

 Blog: urlLink Hot or Not ?

 What great, great urlLink news .

 The Ya-Ya's just left ... after five hours of eating and drinking, laughing and talking. They bought me a house warming gift of a Lowe's gift card, a gardening book and gloves, and a small plant pot. And what do I want from Lowe's? A garden hose and sprinkler. Yup. I am a homeowner!

 Tonight my Ya-Ya's are coming for dinner. We'll start with wine, brie and crackers, plus some hummus, "love" dip [that's what they call it at the store] and spinach dip. Again, I've made Ileana's special salad. Maybe a little more wine. I am trying out a Beef Stroganoff with Spinach recipe, it will definitely be served with wine. And, my new favorite easy-to-make dessert, Cherry-Pineapple Dump cake. And maybe a little bit more wine ...

 Time for the urlLink Friday Five : 1. How long have you had a weblog? My first post was August 6, 2001. 2. What was your first post about? "I don't really know what this is to be. I just know I am supposed to be doing this right now. I make no promises for what you may find here." And then I starting blogging about mom's cancer. 3. How many changes (name, location, etc.) of your weblog have there been, if more than one? Several template changes. One location change. And then I changed back. 4. What CMS (content management system) do you use? Do you like it or do you want to try something else? Go urlLink Blogger ! 5. Do you read people who have both a journal and a weblog? Or do you prefer to read people who have all of their writing in one central place? I like to be able to find everything in one place. I may stumble on to one that may read interesting, but if it's too complicated to peruse, then I probably won't come back.

 I am having my first friends over for dinner tonight. Nothing fancy: Summer Vegetable Tart, Salad (includes mandarin oranges, cranberries and pecans) and Cherry-Pineapple Dump Cake. Plus Strawberry Lemonade with Ginger Ale. Today is actually the first time I've tried out my oven. I'm glad it worked.

 Home from chemo. Grand news. Dr. Kalter says this ought to do it and he wants to see her in a month. Yippee Skippee!

 Tomorrow mom has her fourth, and what's supposed to be last, chemo treatment. Neither of us seem too optimistic. We see Dr. Kalter first and he'll let us know if tomorrow is it or what else might be on his agenda.

 I've been slacking on my book journaling [I've recorded in this blog every book I have read thus far in 2002]. I finished urlLink Jemima J by Jane Green. It wasn't terrible , but let's just say I removed urlLink Mr. Maybe from my reading list. Right now I am enjoying the sweet urlLink From the Ground Up by Amy Stewart. Yeah, so it's a reflection that I am a first-time homeowner, and she's into gardening more than I would ever wish to fathom. But it's an easy, enjoyable read, full of tips that may come in hand when I start to figure out my yard [that's on the agenda for next Spring].

 Whee! Great news today! Our salary freeze has been lifted -- effective immediately!!

 Yea! urlLink Sex and the City is back! Albeit with a brief season, but we single girls are happy nonetheless!

 That urlLink Kate ! She's a clever one. Sending me a urlLink Trading Spaces urlLink postcard since I've Traded Blogspot Spaces!

 I've come to a point in my life where I hate to see myself in pictures. I forget how much weight I've packed on over the years until I see a picture. Seeing myself makes me want to blanch. I didn't used to be this way. For many years I considered myself photogenic. People would tell me so. "Wow, you take really good pictures." I also used to be younger and thinner. As I was packing, I found some of these younger and thinner photos. I took some into work, because none of these people know me that way. Jill says, "God, you were thin with big boobs. What are you here? Like a size six?" Probably an eight. Ericka says, " WOOWWW! Oh! I totally didn't mean it that way." I know. I've been making additions to my Yahoo photo album. Pictures of the house. Pictures of my friends. Some of which include me. It's like I don't even recognize myself anymore. I've gotten tired of seeing these pictures and me being the largest person in them. So I [re]joined Weight Watchers this week. Not to worry, I'm not going to start inputting my daily food intake here. I probably won't even talk about it again. Expect perhaps when I meet a good goal.

 I am planning to change the address of my blogspot. So, if you come here soon and this is the last post you see over a course of several days, it means I've moved. If you'd like to follow me, send me an e-mail and I'll send you the new link.

 My co-worker, Ericka, got married today. It was a lovely ceremony and she was a beautiful bride. I feel so fortunate to call Ericka my friend. She is sweet, smart, genuine and a laugh-riot. She is also very pretty. That's your first impression when you meet her. Wow. She's pretty. I'm glad I've gotten the chance to see that on the inside, she is beautiful . I hope she and John have a lifetime of love and happiness. That God never gives them more than they can handle. That their life together is exactly what they hoped it would be. My friend Karla got married a few years ago and the best man gave what I thought was a great toast. May today be the worst day of the rest of your life together. I suppose if you had a sucky wedding it may not apply, but it sure does today. Congratulations John and Ericka.

 Well, I woke up this morning to a lovely, natural looking tanned face and body. Go urlLink Neutrogena !

 So, I am doing what any smart woman would do. I have a day wedding tomorrow that I thought I would go hose-less to. But I am too white. So, I bought a self-tanner I have never used before and have slathered it on ... twice. The package says I ought to wake up a lovely bronze color tomorrow morning. I'll die if it's orange ...

 The urlLink Friday Five : 1. Where were you born? San Antonio, Texas. 2. If you still live there, where would you rather move to? I do still live here. I can't imagine living anywhere else as long as my mom is alive. I love Seattle and wouldn't mind living there. Or London. I felt like I'd come home when I went to London. 3. Where in the world do you feel the safest? I feel safe here. At my home. Pretty much anywhere in San Antonio. 4. Do you feel you are well-traveled? No. I feel like I've been very few places and wish I could travel more. Oh, to win the lottery. 5. Where is the most interesting place you've been? Probably London.

 Seems urlLink Dave should arrive today via urlLink UPS . Look at where he's been since July 16: Deerfield West, FL Miami, FL Columbia, SC Louisville Intl, KY Grade Lane Hub, KY Whites Creek Hub, TN Oakhaven Hub, TN Dallas, TX Fort Worth, TX San Antonio, TX

 Living on Earth is expensive, but it does include a free trip around the sun every year. How long a minute is depends on what side of the bathroom door you're on. Birthdays are good for you; the more you have, the longer you live. Happiness comes through doors you didn't even know you left open. Most of us go to our grave with our music still inside of us. If Wal-Mart is lowering prices every day, how come nothing is free yet? You may be only one person in the world, but you may also be the world to one person. Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once. A truly happy person is one who can enjoy the scenery on a detour. We could learn a lot from crayons: some are sharp, some are pretty, some are dull, some have weird names, and all are different colors....but they all exist very nicely in the same box.

 CNN does urlLink Trading Spaces .

 Interesting. I ordered the new urlLink Dave Matthews CD from urlLink bn.com [order two items = free shipping]. I've received two confirmation e-mails. One stating the package is coming via urlLink USPS . Another stating the package is coming urlLink UPS . Both tracking numbers work and each say a package is in transit. Hmmm.

 Welcome to the neighborhood . There was just a crash on my corner [I'm the second house]. I popped up to see two cars head on at a weird angle. Like one intentionally hit the other. The newer car backed up and took off. The other one took a moment to restart and then followed the other car. Looks like this is going to be an interesting neighborhood!

 Funny point of my evening. Mom and I met at my house [I still love to say that ... my house] to measure my windows for a sale at Target. Then I gave her a load of laundry to throw in at her house while I picked up a prescription. When I got to her place, I threw the sheets into the dryer, we went to Target and had dinner. Back to her place to get my sheets, plus I throw in another load. I tell her, We really don't need to do the curtains tonight [it's after 9 p.m. by now]. "Oh, let me go get the wall hangers." Oh, ok. I drive to my house. I pull in the drive-way. She says, with great surprise, "Where's my car?!" At your house !! She'd forgotten we'd made the transition [mind you, she sat her purse on her car while we were at her house!] We laughed for a long time. No so funny point of my evening. When I first got to mom's house I went into her bedroom to see where the roof was leaking. I nearly fell over. Her ceiling and wall has huge black chunks of mold. I about near had a heart attack. It was like someone punched me in the stomach. We have so many mold houses here that sometimes they just tear them down [and all their contents] rather than try to salvage anything. Literally, I had to leave the room. I go sit on her couch and happen to look up into a corner. Again, near heart attack when I see the wall buckling apart ~ like the back room [an addition] is separating from the rest of the house. There is a meeting with urlLink FEMA on Wednesday at the local high school that we are definitely going to. Her house is in big trouble. Oh, and it's raining again.

 Gosh it was good to see Karla. I sure miss her.

 Twas a fun day. Mom and I ran and looked at some furniture this morning before meeting Linda, Kelly and Kristy for lunch. We again celebrated Kelly's promotion. Then we went bowling. I pretty much suck, but we have a grand time just goofing off. Linda and I used to work in the same department. We used to traveled together a lot, grew to respect and trust each other, and learned we just had fun together. Even though we don't work together anymore, we do as much together now as we did then. We haven't worked together for several years, but our relationship we continue to do a lot of things outside of work. Kelly and Kristy are her daughters. Linda is 15 years older than me and I am 14 years older than Kristy. It's like Linda has become my older sister and Kelly and Kristy are my younger sisters. They call my mom "mom" and I call their grandmother "grammy". I feel fortunate to have them in my lives. Then mom and I hit Pottery Barn and Hardware Restoration. Really, I must stop shopping soon. I came home to tidy up a bit because my friend Karla is coming to see the house tomorrow. She and I also met at work before becoming roommates. Eventually she married this really great guy and they moved to Salt Lake City. Now we only see each other once a year, but we talk lots on the phone. She's passing through town on her way to Houston with her mom and niece. We're meeting for breakfast in the morning and then they are coming here. Even thought the place is still disjointed, I know K will see my vision. Mom and I talked about that some today. I told her it is hard for me because I have never really developed my own "style". Most of my stuff has come from here and there to make do for the time being. Now it's time for me to really start looking at who I am and how I want this house to reflect that.

 I started my day with a massage. We call it the Ahhsage ... I invited Merilu over for dinner one night next week. I figure if I start inviting people over it will motivate me to start to really get my things settled in. I feel like I am still trying to figure this place out. It's weird. People keep telling me that's normal for a house [versus apartment living]. I left the door open when I got home and someone knocked a few minutes ago. Jehovah's Witnesses. I think. The older woman looked at me with great surprise. I could read her face. "That's a white woman." She asked me in Spanish if I spoke Spanish. No. I could tell she was flummoxed. Yup. I have truly moved to the inner city. Don't get me wrong. I chose to come here purposefully. I love the older homes. They have such character. I wanted all hard wood floors. I wanted a place that didn't look like it came from a cookie cutter. But, I am in the inner city. The racks at my grocery store are filled with Spanish language magazines. I mean, it's the normal to see them in stores because Hispanics are the majority population here. But in my old neighborhood there was a better balance. The mix of cultures is really one of the things I love most about my city. The majority of my friends all the way through my 20's were Hispanic. I feel like I have a little of that blood running through me. But now, as I grow into my 30's [ok, as I slide towards my 40's], I find most of my friends are Anglo. It has been an interesting transition. Something not done consciously because some of the most important people in my life are Hispanic. It's just interesting to see. I wonder about bringing some of my friends here. I know a handful will look with wide eyes, and maybe even lock their car doors. But I have no doubt that when they see my house, when they come inside ~ they will love it. Living here has made me want to be more involved in my community. To do what I can to make this neighborhood a better place. To help bring a younger population back into town and out of the suburbs. I've written to my councilman [we went to high school together] to ask for direction. I hope he can help me formulate a plan.

 Today was my Ya-Ya sister Jill's last day in the department. Her replacement was announced today ... our Ya-Ya sister Stephanie! I'm trading one Ya-Ya for another. I am glad for that. We have scheduled a Ya-Ya at my house in two weeks. We have much to talk about.

 Today was treatment day. Mom was already there when I got there and looked surprised to see me. "I didn't think you were coming today." Yesterday I said 'see you tomorrow.' "Yeah, but I thought you meant tonight." Pause. Squeezes my hand, "thank you for coming." I know she hates the prospect of being there alone. I don't blame her. They took us back right away and got her hooked up. The room was about half-full. We talked about how we hated to see someone needing to lay down in treatment. That it reminds us both of the man like that before. The one who died. About two hours in, a beautifully dressed woman, with an entourage of four came in. She was very stylish and perfectly coiffed. They gathered around as she was hooked up to the red bag [red = serious cancer]. LaDonna told her, "Now remember, this is the drug that causes you to lose your hair." The woman replied, "Oh, well then bring me my hat." From the freezer, LaDonna brought her a "hat" that looked like a specialized surgical cap. Apparently the coldness helps with hair loss. Mom slept most of the time. It's hard to see her looking so fatigued. To see her deep in sleep and know that some day it will be more of that and less tiling or painting. It makes my heart feel heavy. A few weeks ago she told me for the first time in my life, "I wish I'd had you 20 years sooner." I know life would be so different that way, but, yeah, sometimes I wish she was 57, not 77. Or even 67. I wish I could extend our time together. I wish it hadn't taken me so long to learn to appreciate her the way I do now.

 I like to observe people. To wonder about their lives. This morning I passed a gentleman walking with purpose. He stood out to me because he was long black pants with a long-sleeve black shirt and an orange sweater tied around his waist, with what I call "Jesus" sandals. His hair was disheveled and he had an unkempt beard. At first glance I would have thought him to be a street person. What threw me off was the brief case. By the time I parked, he'd caught up with me. I watched how fast he walked. As if he was late to an important meeting. I saw him politely stop and take a pamphlet from a religious woman. I watched to see if he tossed it, but he did not. He tucked it under his arm and continued on his journey.

 While I was having dinner with Jeff on Monday [I know, I know ... two men, two meals, two days ... no wonder we had floods of 500-year proportions!], he beamed a cool download to my Visor: urlLink AvantGo . It allows you to download your favorite websites each time you synch your handheld. Very cool. Now I can take my favorite blogs with me everywhere I go!

 Today was the closest I have ever come to missing a flight. I was so engrossed in conversation with my urlLink lunch companion that I really wasn't thinking about time ... 3:00 p.m.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Drive from Fort Worth to Dallas (usually a 45 to 50-minute drive) 3:35 p.m.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Get gas 3:45 p.m.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Rental car hand-held not working, have to go into office to process out 4:02 p.m.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Shuttle bus reaches airport &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Set off metal detector; be wanded and frisked ... (it was my shoes ?!?) 4:19 p.m.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Head to ticket counter 4:24 p.m.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Get on plane 4:30 p.m.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Takeoff Whew.

 I've done absolutely nothing today. No unpacking, no shopping (except for a quick trip to the grocery store for some essentials) ... nothing. I have watched television and surfed the net. I think it's just one way for me to acclimate to the house. Tomorrow, I must unpack all my clothes. It's just I hate my closet already. Yeah, I know I just got here. I'm thinking of widening the doorway to make it more accessible. I think my mind is still sorting where things should go and what pieces I need to complete the place. I definitely need more storage space (it's an old house). At least I have an attic that I can throw things in (seasonal, Christmas tree, etc...). I just need some more of those plastic bins. The former owners stopped by today to pick some items up from the garage. I think they really liked the color of the living room. Robin really liked the orange room (Chris and their daughter didn't seem so sure). She told me she was thinking about doing the black and white tile in their kitchen too. It's just an interesting place to be in ... feeling like this place is not quite mine, and yet it is. Figuring out how to make it mine. To put my stamp on it. I've never really had a "style" before and now is my chance to find that place within myself. To let my personality show through. It's scary and exciting at the same time.

 Well, mom is pretty chipper tonight. We went out for a quesadilla and to pick up some cat food. I found some great 50% off bargains at urlLink Target . They have a lot of their summer items on sale already. I got a cute set of four fruit and flower plastic plates with matching salad and dessert plates, along with drinking glasses and a serving tray for $23. Really, I need to stop buying stuff and just start unpacking ... soon.

 The urlLink Friday Five : Where are you right now? At home, in front of my computer in my new office. I have the doors wide open, ceiling fans on high and the CD turned up loud. What have you lost recently? Well, things aren't lost, really. They're just still in boxes. What was the first CD you ever purchased? Gosh. Madonna? Does that embarrass you now? No. I still love her stuff. What is your favorite kind of writing pen? My favorite pen is a Mont Blanc. Mostly I just use whatever they have at work. What is your favorite ice cream flavor? urlLink Amy's Mexican Vanilla .

 By the time I got to the urlLink CTRC [about 11:30 a.m.], mom had already had an allergic reaction to the urlLink Rituxan . They had just doped her up with a double dose of Benedryl and were waiting for her symptoms to subside. Around noon they restarted the process, meaning we were in for three more hours. She slept most of the time I was there. I think she just feels better when I am there. She is pretty soft spoken, so often times when she talks people do not hear her. At least I know how things work and can unhook her so she can go to the bathroom or I can get her some juice. The new facility is really fancy. Newer recliner chairs with individual flat screen televisions [with cable]. There is space for 15 "clients" and at one point today, all the chairs were taken. It was also nice to see more family members/friends. In the old space I was usually the only one there. I just think it makes a difference in moral if you have someone there to talk to. She had a new nurse today, Todd. He has a true East Texas twang and was quite chatty [think urlLink Christopher Lowell ~ only married].

 Well, the cable guy is here and mom is getting drugged up. We had much discussion about changing my appointment today so I could go with her, but she would have none of that. She insisted I stay at home and wait. That's just pure torture for me. I talked to her about 30 minutes ago and they had just gotten her hooked-up. I told her the cable guy was here and that I could come afterwards. "No, no, no." How about I bring you lunch? "I'm not really what you would call hungry." She called about ten minutes ago to tell me to turn the television to the Discovery channel. It's not hooked-up yet. Oh ... chit-chat, chit-chat ... "Well, maybe if you get a chance later you can stop by and see how swanky this new place is." That's all the invitation I need ...

 I hate the fact that mom starts treatment again tomorrow. I can tell that she is dreading it too. I hope she is a trouper and toughs it out. I wonder if she finished that last treatment in November if this would be happening again. So soon.

 Happy Red, White and Blue Day!! Today is the usual hoo-ha with Linda, Kristy, Kelly, their Grandmother and my mom. Kelly was promoted this week to officer, so I got her a coconut cream pie and Linda got her a crown. Kelly is usually very low-key about things, so it was good to see her really excited about it. I am making my famous deviled eggs [the trick is the bacon]. We've had the exact same basic menu [only the desserts change] for five years now. I think Linda would like to try something new, but us "kids" want hamburgers and hot dogs! We'll eat, play some games and head somewhere to watch fireworks when it gets dark [if it's not raining]. We are wild women, that's for sure! Rain update: As the waters begin to subside, they are finding more bodies. One of an urlLink elderly couple who had been missing. They were still in their car. I told mom, at least they are together . The area has been declared a urlLink disaster zone and more rain is predicted.

 Wow. I learned a new trick tonight. Rollover messages for links. Now if I can figure out just plain text rollovers, I'll be really fancy ... [What can I say? I am easily entertained!]

 I've been going stir crazy at night without a book to read in bed [it's what single girls do, you know] and magazines just haven't been cutting it. I finally made it to B&N today and picked up two on my list: urlLink From the Ground Up: The Story of a First Garden , by Amy Stewart and urlLink Jemima J: A Novel about Ugly Ducklings and Swans , by Jane Green. By the way, urlLink Good in Bed gets &#042;&#042;&#042; out of &#042;&#042;&#042;&#042; stars!

 Lesson of the day . Don't leave your car parked on the street that flooded two days ago when it starts to rain. I about near gave myself a heart attack leaving mom's tonight. I'd gone over to watch the 6 p.m. news and got caught up watching the Bob Hope special. I saw that it was raining, but didn't really think about it ... When I went outside, the water was close to an inch to the bottom of the door and was already jutting up around the edges in a surf like manner. As I left her house, I watched a BMW go speedily through an intersection and right into a low water crossing. Needless to say, they didn't make it through. Check out the online pictures of the last two days: urlLink mysa . Scroll down to the slide show.

 Finally. A phone connection. Life is good. Now, if I only had my cable hook-up .... Just like a woman to never be satisfied, huh?

 Well, it's nearly time to go home. I'm off the rest of the week. I still have no phone line. Ain't AT&T grand?

 Mom just called. They just found a male body in the debris of the drainage ditch about a block and a half from her house.

 Areas of heavy rains and thunderstorms will continue into the early afternoon hours. In addition, showers and thunderstorms will develop over far southern Texas and move into south central Texas this afternoon. Additional rainfall amounts through early afternoon will average 2 to 5 inches with isolated amounts of 7 to 10 inches. Some rainfall rates could approach 5 inches per hour. These torrential rains will exacerbate already flooded conditions. This is a dangerous, life-threatening situation. Persons are advised to travel only when absolutely necessary. Yeah, so here I am at work rather than go home and unpack with no phone, Internet or television ...

 Witnesses report seeing a "wall of water" hit in the area of Leon Springs. Fifty to 100 cars are reported stopped. National Guard Blackhawk helicopters have been called into the area to help. These helicopters are designed to transport 14 people at a time. One local resident reports getting 14 inches of water in the last 24 hours.

 Well, the mayor came on television and told businesses to start sending people home. We sent those who live far out and one has already called in to say she can't get to her home. She's not even sure if she can get to her mom's. There are only four of us left. I live less than 10 minutes away, so I am not too worried.

 What an evening we had last night (I am still phone-less, hence the delay). I was leaving work last night when my phone rang. It was my mom -- home from her six-month follow-up with the oncologist. Did you pass? No. What?! Apparently the cancer is visible again and she begins treatment this Friday. I felt like someone knocked the air out of me. Totally not what I was expecting. By the time I got to her house it was raining pretty hard. I had to sit in the driveway about 10 minutes before I could get out of the car. After about 15 minutes, I told her I'd better head home before it got worse. By then her street was so flooded I couldn't leave. Within 15 more minutes the yard was totally under water ~ like I have never seen in my 36 years (trust me, I've seen cars float down the street and this is still the worst I have ever seen it). The neighborhood is prone to lots of water in heavy rains, but I have never seen it like this before. To the point I was afraid water would get in our cars! She has some railroad ties in her front yard for decoration. The water picked up four of them -- one into the neighbor's drive way, two into mom's drive way and one is totally gone. I suited up (not sure why in hindsight) and trudged into the water to "reposition" them. It took a while and by the time I was finished, I was totally soaked. We'd heard sirens on the next street, so I trudged over there to check it out. Literally across the alley from my mother ~ the next street ~ they were water-rescuing people from their houses! One more block over is a drainage ditch that was over its banks and into people's cars and homes. The local television helicopter was literally hovering over mom's house at times taking pictures of people on their roofs! It was so incredible ~ I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't witnessed so much of it with my own eyes! It was even worse that the "100-year storm" of 1998. Luckily, it is three steps up into mom's house, so she has no water damage there. She estimates there was six inches of water in the garage (most of which has since drained). At points in the front yard, the water was lapping over the first stair. There were two sets of "rapids" on her street. I totally understand now how people can be swept away in a simple current. It took about two hours for the waters to subside. By then everything was covered with rocks from the alleys, debris and dirt. I drove home easily, and was glad to see things looked fine at my place. There were occasional storms throughout the night, with lightening and thunder I could feel reverberate through my bed. In checking the reports this morning: "Flood waters damaged 100 homes in the Woodlawn Lake area," said Mayor Ed Garza last night. They estimate we had six inches of rain in about one hour. It is still drizzling now and they say it will continue to do so throughout the day. Just Monday they were going to start water restrictions (since we rely on an aquifer for all our water and we haven't had much rain this year). Feast or famine for sure.

 Lesson for the weekend : If you request one telephone service to end on Saturday and the other to start on Monday, that means you can't access the internet. Duh. Oh, and if the cable people can't come until Friday, that means six days with no television !!! I can't even get the local channels ... Well, it's not like I don't have enough to do, right? The donation truck came bright and early Saturday, then we went to Best Buy and got a new television. Luckily, mom and I were prepared enough that we had time to wait around for the movers. Naturally, the minute they showed up it started raining. Three hours later when they were unloading into the house, it was pouring rain. We really need it, so I can't complain one iota. However, now I need to figure out lawn stuff cause its been raining since Saturday. I look at the rain and think immediately that it means bad luck, but we need it so badly I've decided it must mean bountiful blessings for me in this new house. Mom and I have finished tiling the office and my computer is all set-up. The orange walls with the black and white tiles looks fabulous ~ even if I do say so myself. The place just looks so chaotic. Last night I made sure to pull out the iron so I'd be ready this morning, but I forgot where I put it. I'm pretty tired, so my brain isn't quite fully engaged. I've been sleeping really well, considering it's a new place with new sounds. It's the manual labor that has me tuckered out. I think I may take off Wednesday and use the really long weekend to get things sorted out. I must have 30 - 40 boxes to unpack. Really, I had no idea I had so much stuff! I will feel better when the place has some semblance of order.

 Per request from urlLink Kate , some photos of my kitchen and the orange room: Kitchen wallpaper Kitchen into Office Office, aka "The Orange Room"

 self portrait, age 37

 Happy Belated Birthday to Me. It seems like it should still be today, but it's Saturday and now my birthday was yesterday. I had a party tonight with 20 friends and family to celebrate my day. It's been a fun, if not frenetic day. One of my friends said, "37 looks good on you." Good to know.

 Forgot to mention a finished book, urlLink The Day I Turned Uncool: Confessions of a Reluctant Grown-Up by Dan Zevin. I plowed through it on the plane back from Kansas City. Some parts are snort outloud funny. Yup. I am uncool. I've also added a new CD to the collection. urlLink Home by the urlLink Dixie Chicks . Yeah, I know. Barry Manilow and the Dixie Chicks. What can I say? My tastes are eclectic.

 Oh happy day! I came home tonight and there's an electrical outlet in my bathroom!

 Today I get up, brush my teeth, put in my eyeballs and voila! The electricians knock. I throw on some clothes (no, I didn't learn my lesson on Monday) and let them in. We talk briefly, I ask when the a/c connections will be ready. "Tomorrow," he says. I go back to getting ready for work. It was weird having a guy standing in my bathroom while I put on my mascara. Then at lunch (three out of four Ya-Ya's), I noticed just after we get our food that the room was a little smoky. We start eating. I see plumes of smoke in the lobby. I point, Do you think we should be worried about that? Stephanie says, "Well, firemen just walked in." They announce the building is on fire and we must leave RIGHT NOW. Everyone grabs purses and we flee. We debate staying. Well, he's putting on his oxygen tank , I say. But, what about our food? I don't think we'd want to eat that food if we got back in . We decided to leave for another favorite place down the street, Beto's. Yum. Fish tacos.

 It was effing hot today. We've had two months of 90&deg;+ days, but today it was 100&deg; when I left work. As I walked to my car I kept thinking, I'm melting, I'm melting ... guess I still have a "Land of Oz" frame of mind. I iron just about everyday. I always get up and turn it on to warm up while I get ready. From the bathroom, I heard a loud popping noise from the kitchen but didn't think much about it (don't worry, there's no "Fire!" in this story). Since I live alone, I walk around semi-dressed in the morning. As I stood ironing (on my stove, in my kitchen), I noticed the clothes were staying wrinkled. I decide my iron is apparently in the process of dying and I start pressing like a madwoman. In the heat of the moment, my subconscious hears a door close. It tells me a few minutes later, that could be the electricians . Sure enough. I look out into my backyard. Two guys bearing electrical items. If they saw me in the buff, they were gracious enough not to mention it.

 In honor of school starting Teaching math in 1950: A logger sells a truckload of lumber for $100. His cost of production is 4/5 of the price. What is his profit? Teaching math in 1960: A logger sells a truckload of lumber for $100. His cost of production is 4/5 of the price, or $80. What is his profit? Teaching math in 1970: A logger exchanges a set "L" of lumber for a Set "M" of money. The cardinality of set "M" is 100. Each element is worth one dollar. Make 100 dots representing the elements of the set "M." The set "C", the cost of production contains 20 fewer points than set "M." Represent the set "C" as a subset of set "M" and answer the following question: What is the cardinality of the set "P" of profits? Teaching math in 1980: A logger/loggeress sells a truckload of lumber for $100. His/Her cost of production is $80 and his/her profit is $20. Your assignment: Underline the number 20. Teaching math in 1990: By cutting down beautiful forest trees, the logger makes $20. What do you think of this way of making a living? Topic for class participation after answering the question: How did the forest birds and squirrels feel as the logger cut down the trees? There are no wrong answers. Teaching Math in 2000: A logger sells a truckload of lumber for $100. His cost of production is $120. How does Arthur Andersen determine that his profit margin is $60?

 Oh, and the plants from yesterday were Esperanza ("hope" in Spanish -- something to help me remember). They're looking a little culture shocked today. I saw a small bucket of them at Home Depot today for $15. I hope they pull through ...

 We finished wallpapering today. Even if I say so myself, it looks fabulous !

 Whew. I'm tired and my house is still a mess. But I must confess, it was a successful day. I bought a clothing armoire and dresser (while I was out getting cash for the a/c guys) for $170! Both are in excellent condition and the bonus was free delivery! The dresser looks great in my living room, so that's where it's going to stay for now. The a/c guys left about 4 p.m. (too blinkin' hot) and are coming back at 7:30 a.m. tomorrow. Everything is covered in sheet rock dust (from cutting the vent holes). Stuff is not where it's supposed to be ... it looks like a disaster zone! OK, back to the good parts of the day ... My friend Sandy came over with plantings from her yard for my yard. Since I have never been a plant person, I cannot remember the name of it to save my life right now (lantana?). I really appreciate the gesture. (My mom says you are not supposed to say "thank you" when someone gives you a plant. It's supposed to be bad luck.)(?) After everyone left, mom and I started wallpapering the kitchen. It looks awesome. I'd say we're more than halfway done. We should be able to finish tomorrow. I hope the a/c guys finish at a decent hour so I can get to cleaning! (Now me wishing to clean is a place I never thought I'd live in!)

 Ugh. My house is a mess . The a/c guys are here working and there is dust everywhere . I'm in love with my vents though ... Too bad the electricians aren't done and I can't actually use the unit today (or tomorrow or maybe even next week!).

 How apropos! As I sift through the 1,035 e-mails that were waiting for me, I decided to check out the urlLink Friday Five and it's about work! What is your current occupation? Is this what you chose to be doing at this point in your life? Why or why not? I am an Employee Communications Manager. I am responsible for our weekly newsletter, corporate intranet and our statewide volunteer corp. At this point I choose to stay here, but I do think about whether or not this is what I am meant to do with my life. If time/talent/money were no object, what would your dream occupation be? To own a specialty bookstore (ie: travel related books only) with a caf. Or be a full-time volunteer at agencies who can utilize skills like mine (writing, training, strategic planning, etc). What did/do your parents do for a living? Mom did clerical work at two insurance agencies. Has this had any influence on your career choices? If nothing else, it made me want to go to college. Have you ever had to choose between having a career and having a family? Not so far. In your opinion, what is the easiest job in the world? In relative terms I think every job is easy/hard at some point in time. What is the hardest? Being a parent. Why? The enormous responsibility of raising a child!

 Dammit. urlLink John Scott died on Monday. He was buried today. We worked together at the bank. He was hysterically funny. The last time I saw him was at the CTRC when I was there with mom. We stood and talked a long time. When he told me he was on experimental drugs, I knew the end was near. I didn't think it was this near.

 Mom just called from her 30-day check-up with the oncologist. Blood work is good, so all is well. Her next visit is Nov. 21.

 I'm back from my vacation workshop in Kansas City. I'd been there once before, but had forgotten about the city being split into two states: Kansas and Missouri. We spent equal time in both. I quickly remembered how much I really enjoyed my first visit. It's a great city! We spent almost an entire day at urlLink Science City . If you have kids, it is a must-do . I absolutely loved it! Yes, I know we're adults , but I'm still a kid at heart. We also visited the urlLink Hallmark Visitor Center (which for me is like visiting the Mothership), urlLink Crown Center , urlLink Country Club Plaza and urlLink City Market . Plus, we had some great food: urlLink barbecue (twice), urlLink Dean & Deluca , urlLink Krispy Kreme and, of course, urlLink PF Chang's . And, I swear , we were in our seats every minute of the workshop!

 I'm off to the land of Oz for a conference. I am so looking forward to the workshop that I keep calling this a vacation. See you soon ... There's no place like home, there's no place like home ....

 Cool. urlLink The Mirror Project is featured in the September issue of urlLink O! The Oprah Magazine .

 Tonight I had dinner with someone I have known my entire life. She's my mother's next-door-neighbor's daughter. Got that? Which means she used to be my neighbor too. She's 13-years-older than me. She helped raise me. Has been like an older sister to me. There were five of us, so we sat apart as we waited for our table. She told me, in confidence, that her last mammogram came back positive. That rather than send her back for another one, they are sending her to a surgeon. My mind kept flashing back to my Susan Komen Education Committee sessions. What's good, what's bad. I feel sick to my stomach.

 Note to self : There are lots of single men at urlLink CompUSA on Friday nights. I went in to look at digital cameras. One guy and I struck up a conversation (he insisted I needed a view finder, not just an LCD screen). He showed me what he had before (it was stolen last night) and said he would go less expensive this time. The salesman got involved with his three top choices. They were impressed when I pulled out my urlLink C-Net reviews (two of the salesman's top three choices were on the urlLink Top 5 Budget Digital Cameras list). Personally, I like the urlLink Canon PowerShot-A10 . I have been using my digital camera from work, a Kodak, but it's too bulky. And, well, I really should leave it at work . My newfound shopping companion liked the new Kodak LS420 (I checked when I got home ... it didn't get a good C-Net review). I also looked at the urlLink Sony Cyber Shot DSC-P30 and the urlLink Fujifilm FinePix 2600 Zoom . Eventually we said our goodnights and walked away empty-handed. I wandered through the store a bit more and realized midway that I was the only woman I'd seen (although I hadn't really seen me). Good to know for future Friday nights.

 I never go to happy hour. But tonight I was craving dumplings and there's a cool Chinese place downtown that offers 50 cent eggrolls, 35 cent crabmeat rangoons, 75 cent beef screwers, etcetera, along with dollar beer and two dollar belleni's. Jessica and I decided to try it out. Just as I got there, mom called wanting to know what I was doing. She had a few things she wanted to take to the house and would I mind. I told her that I'd be there in about an hour (Jessica had plans for later in the evening). When I get home, mom is piddling around and says, "I want to see how the wallpaper comes off in the kitchen." Which really means she wants me to get up on the ladder and try to peal it off. It's just border, so I do. The first layer comes off relatively easy. The glue layer required dampening with water multiple times and scraping. I'm half-way done now. She sat on a chair and supervised. Till she made a 40 minute call to her sister, anyway. I have striped wallpaper that we are going to do in the kitchen. Just half-way down. It is bright . We bought it in hopes of finding something that will compliment the orange room off the kitchen. Then we will paint the bottom half of the kitchen in a white to match the white stripes in the paper. The a/c guy starts next Thursday. Says he'll be done on Saturday. Now, if only the electrician could fit me into his schedule!

 I joined a book club tonight. Our first read was urlLink Bachelor Brothers' Bed & Breakfast . But, I just could not finish it. Which is unlike me. But I couldn't get into it. It was weird hearing others laugh about sections when I was bored, bored, bored. I took two offerings as potential reads: urlLink Good in Bed and urlLink The Lovely Bones . I really enjoyed GIB. I bought LB based on the excellent reviews. Sue (my realtor) offered her house up for the next meeting, so she chose urlLink Angela's Ashes . A nice, light read.

 Bye Lee. Have a safe (and fun) urlLink trip .

 I'm watering my yard as I surf. I just met Joe, whose house is to my left. Neighbor from the right, Dwayne, was out watering too. Joe was searching out the skunk smell. He's braver than me.

 I like the way she urlLink writes .

 Well, it doesn't look like the a/c will be in by the end of the month. What's up with that? Why do things take so long? Oy. I'm a girl who takes forever to make a decision, but when I do, I want it right now !

 I'm home a wee bit early tonight so the a/c guy and electrician can meet and talk about who is doing what where and when. I'm finally putting the push on getting the work done because I am planning a party for later this month. It would be nice if we could be in the kitchen without breaking into a sweat. Oh, and check out this cool (and free!) invite/rvsp tool I found: urlLink Evite .

 I've been uploading photos this morning from Friday and yesterday. Habitat, Todd and Ashley at their wedding and Gina's birthday party. Yesterday was a busy, yet satisfying day. I tried to upload some of the photos last night, but I was just too tired. Our work on Friday at Habitat was really amazing. We built the side wall frame for our house in about two hours. Which I consider to be pretty good for air conditioning-loving bankers. It was overcast and there was a slight breeze, but it was hot . Yesterday was even worse (the sun was out). It was interesting to me that my girls thanked me for the opportunity (mind you, I had to beg to get four people to join me). Two said in separate conversions, "What a sense of accomplishment." And it was. Yesterday was an earlier and busier day. I had about 50 volunteers on site and we struggled to keep everyone busy. Eventually we sent half to work on another house. Every company participating in this event could send five volunteers. Some sent more, so it was quite chaotic. I came home around lunchtime to get ready for the wedding. With road construction, it took me about an hour to drive what can be done in half that time. The ceremony was lovely. Huge roles for both sets of parents, which was really special. While we were at the reception, a lightening storm came and and black clouds were threatening, so I decided to head to the next party. I drove into a pretty bad storm, with dozens of cars pulled to the side of the road to wait it out. (Of course I kept going!) By the time I was halfway to Sandy's (I probably drove 100 miles between the three events), the rain was gone but the sky looked omnius. It warranted great consideration before we headed to the subdivision's pool. (But only after eating pizza, having cupcakes and opening presents.) Sandy and I have been friends since eigth grade, so her family is like my family. Truly, I cannot believe her daughter is 10. I very rarely think about not having kids, but last night I realized that even if I had a child tomorrow, Gina and Antonio would be nearly adults by the time my child reached 10. That our kids would not grow up together and that made me feel melancholy. Then to top it off, Sandy's dad is a diabetic and has not been taking his medication correctly. He was too sick to come last night. It just makes me want to go chew him out. He knows what it takes to stay healthy. He is an educated man. I just do not understand why he takes such chances with his life. In the end, it won't be the diabetes that kills him. He will do it himself. So I was just sitting here thinking, wow, I sound like I am in a really bad mood . But I'm not. I'm glad it is a bright, beautiful Sunday and that I have no plans. I looked around my tiny office and thought, I just love this orange . Life really is good.

 Yum. Fried pickles.

 Well, I'm home from the Habitat build. I think we five girls did a fabulous job. All said, we finished in about two hours. We agreed that we felt a real sense of accomplishment in seeing "our" wall. That said, here's the urlLink Friday Five , and I'm off to take a nap! 1. Do you have a car? If so, what kind of car is it? Yes, an '01 Honda Accord. 2. Do you drive very often? Every day. 3. What's your dream car? Um, hmmm... thinking big here ... a urlLink Porsche Boxter . 4. Have you ever received a ticket? Two. About 15 years apart. 5. Have you ever been in an accident? Little fender benders, but nothing major.

 Have you been to urlLink buy.com yet? They claim to have prices lower than urlLink amazon.com and offer free shipping. I've priced compared the items I've bought and they were several dollars less for each item, plus there is no beating the free shipping. I've bought myself a couple of books, two books for the soon-to-be 10-year-old, plus a new CD. Yeah, so I'm a nerd. I just happen to like urlLink Barry Manilow !

 Well, I am officially tardy. I don't remember turning off the alarm, but I must have. Maybe my subconscious is gearing up for the next two days. We have a huge urlLink Habitat for Humanity project this weekend. The bank and other financial institutions have come together to build a home. We're going with the "competitors coming together" theme. We're part of a national program that kicks-off on Saturday. We're having a large number of local elected officials, plus the continued rumor that George W. will show up since he's just down the road at his ranch ... Tomorrow I am taking a team of girls to build a wall frame that the all-male executive team will raise at a press conference on Saturday. Yes, I do love the irony in that, five girls taking care of business for the big boys. Then I have another team of workers on Saturday. Part of my job is to coordinate our volunteer activities statewide. My role in this project is to coordinate the volunteers from the eight local companies. So basically I am spending the next two days in shorts and tennis shoes out in the blazing Texas sun. And since there is nothing built yet, there is no shade in our area. We have to be at the construction site at 7:30 a.m. (remember, I am usually still in bed at that time), and Saturday will be a particularly "high drama" morning. Plus, I have a wedding at 3 p.m. on Saturday and a birthday party at 6:30 p.m. for a 10-year-old. Whew. I can see why I am tired already!

 I officially adore Boulder. The weather was perfect . Really, by Texas summer standards, it was perfect . Highs near 80&deg;, but mostly it stayed in the 70s. We even had 50s and 60s while in Estes park (the car thermometer told us so). Kim's house had breathtaking views from the top of a mountain outside of Boulder. The party was a blast, especially the private concert by urlLink Terri Clark . I'm not a huge country music fan, but I really enjoyed her show. She has a great voice, is funny and was totally gracious off-stage ~~ signing autographs and posing for pictures. She made a fan out of me. She has a new song coming out this month that I predict will be a hit, "I Just Wanna Be Mad." We did Estes Park on Sunday. I was not a happy camper when I figured out I left the camera battery in the charger back at the hotel. I missed some stunning view shots, elk up-close and my trek to the top of the mountain (yes, I confess there was some wheezing involved). Elizabeth took a picture of me at the 12,000+ feet sign. I hope I can scan it into my Yahoo album with the pictures I uploaded tonight. Kim treated the 12 of us to dinner at urlLink PF Chang's . It was especially delicious since we don't have one in San Antonio. Yesterday we did urlLink Pearl Street Mall . It's a very cool outdoor shopping area. While it was hard to come home (especially since our plane was two hours late), I felt totally refreshed today. Like I really went away . No work or other worries on the brain for three whole days. It was fabulous .

 Yea! urlLink Alias premieres Sept. 29!

 I'm home ... Did ya miss me?

 1. What is your lineage? Where are your ancestors from? The family is from the United Kingdom. I'm half-Scottish and half-British. 2. Of those countries, which would you most like to visit? I've been to both. 3. Which would you least like to visit? Why? I'd like to go back to London, but I'm in no hurry to go back to Scotland. Not that there was anything wrong with my trip there -- it's beautiful country. It's just that I felt a real connection to London. 4. Do you do anything during the year to celebrate or recognize your heritage? No. 5. Who were the first ancestors to move to your present country (parents, grandparents, etc)? My grandparents. My grandfather was from London and my Grandmother was from Scotland. I've just talked about my mother's side of the family here because I don't know anything about my father's side. He was adopted.

 I should be packing, but I'm not. It's not that I'm not excited about the trip. I am. Very much so. It's that I don't really like to pack. Usually I mentally map out outfits in my mind and throw them in the suitcase when I get up. I don't need a lot of things and generally there are stores, lots of stores, where I travel. The glitch here is Linda is picking me up at 7:45 a.m. I'm usually still in bed at that time. [Yes, I still make to work by 8:30 a.m.] Yup. I should be packing, but here I am.

 This weekend someone I know from work died. That's two in the month of September. Plus John in August. Three in six weeks. Cancer. Heart attack. Suicide. I just can't believe it. I knew Paul. I've worked with he and his youngest son on a volunteer project. He always spoke when he saw me. Called me by my name. Always had a smile and a kind word. He leaves behind a wife. Three children. He was only 56.

 What a week. Some random thoughts ... SuperShuttle. When you suspect they have taken you to the wrong hotel and even when they assure you you're in the right place ... trust your instincts. But then again, the cab ride to the correct hotel might show you some sides of town you wouldn't see otherwise. Tourmobile. Well worth $18 to see all the sites. The hop-on, hop-off part is a great added benefit. Arlington Cemetery. Where's John-John? Really, I didn't miss the significance of the Tomb of the Unknown, but that's what I came away thinking. JW Marriott. Get a room with a view. It's definitely worth the extra bucks. It's really something to look out at night as you close your curtains and see the Washington Monument. Seminar. Without looking at my notes, here's what I remember. Pacing. Five steps forward. Five steps back. Five steps forward. Five steps back. Two steps to the left. Two steps to the right. Five steps forward. Five steps back. As a former trainer, it drove me nuts. I do think I'll mention it on his evaluation. Weather. Perfect. A touch warmer than I anticipated, but we only had rain on Thursday and Friday. Since we were in museums all day, it didn't matter. Otherwise they were bright, sunny, perfect days. Lincoln Memorial. Awesome. Awe inspiring. Everything I hoped it would be. Washington Monument. Fabulous views. Really cool elevator ride down. Jefferson Memorial. Yet another reminder that I know nothing about our history. And it embarrasses me. He died on July 4 -- fifty years after signing the Declaration of Independence. Reverence I was really pleased to see people showing great respect everywhere we went. No screaming kids. No belligerent teens. Korean and Vietnam Memorials. Each has its own black marble wall. One etched with faces. The other with names. Both equally effective. At the Vietnam wall, there was a soldier sitting in one section. Right at the wall. In front of him were cigarettes and orange jello. I wonder if he was mourning a friend or a son. Allergies. I can add DC to the list of cities I am allergic to. Snuffle, sneeze, cough. *sigh* American History. My favorite. I loved the exhibitions on the Presidents and First Ladies. But the most powerful was the 9/11 exhibit. Photos. Pieces of the plane. The door of a mangled fire engine. Crushed beams. Phones. Uniforms. The President's bullhorn. Guilani's cellphone. Audio tapes of answering machine messages. It gives me goosebumps even now. It was the most crowded exhibit. It was also the quietest. We spent the entire day there and still didn't see every exhibit. Natural History. Hope diamond. There were other exhibits there? Holocaust Museum. Words really can't describe it. I encourage you to include it on your schedule. Have a minimum of 4 hours to do it justice. We were there six hours, with no break for lunch. Get your tickets in advance. We were just lucky. The Metro. I love this form of travel. It does amaze me that people can get on and fall asleep. I guess if you do it everyday, you brain instinctively knows when to wake you up at your stop. I just know I'd sleep past mine. I love to people watch. The Metro is a great place for that. I watched one guy on a 45-minute trip that was so into his book. Snorting appreciation. Smiling. Obviously enjoying the book. Then I saw the title. The Fight Club. Um, ok... Another two guys sat in front of us telling these wild, dramatic stories of their weekend. We sat behind them, so I could see the guy in front of them (in a side seat), watching and listening. Smiling at their escapades. Thoroughly believing them. It made me think about traveling with friends. Noticing someone listening and making up elaborate stories just to jerk their chain. Taking a cue from the other and totally improvising. Yes, I know I am evil. The Mall. Walk it. All of it. Break it up into chunks if you have to. It's well worth the views. The Capitol. For whatever reason, the Capitol stuck me more than the White House. For the first time I felt complete gratitude to the men and women of flight 93. For their bravery in fighting the terrorists and saving the lives of others. For saving our Capitol, their intended target. Protestors. I will be the first in line to defend your First Amendment rights for free speech. However, don't expect me to respect you or believe in your cause if you wear masks to protect your identity and throw rocks in business windows.

 Home again, home again ... I get to sleep in my bed!

 Wow. I love DC. This is a totally amazing place. Yes, it's my first trip and I've already come to realize you can't possibly fit everything you want to see into a mere few days. The weather is fantastic. Our hotel is in a perfect location (I can see the Washington Monument and Lincoln Memorial from my room). The conference is interesting. I am a happy, happy girl. That and I just read a racy e-mail that made me blush in the library ...

 Well folks, I am off for a conference and some vacation days in our nation's capitol. See ya when I get back.

 I haven't done this one in a while ... The Friday Five: Would you say that you're good at keeping in touch with people? Yes. Which communication method do you usually prefer/use: e-mail, telephone, snail mail, blog comments, or meeting in person? Why? I love e-mail. Instant gratification. It makes it easy to send a long epistle or just a quick note. Im not much of a phone person. I also do lots of snail mail Ive been a Preferred Gold Crown member for four years now (extra card points!). I dont comment many places. Mostly just at urlLink Katespot . Meeting in person is just the best though. Do you have an instant messenger program? How many? Why/why not? How often do you use it? I have two. I rarely remember to sign-in. Do most of your close friends live nearby or far away? Nearby. I only have two friends that live out-of-state. Are you an "out of sight, out of mind" person, or do you believe that "distance makes the heart grow fonder"? I probably lean to out-of-sight, out-of-mind. The two long distance friendships are special to me. There have been many others that have fallen by the wayside.

 urlLink :-) turns 20

 In addition to urlLink The Eye Project , urlLink Waferbaby also has urlLink The Sex Project . People are invited to show off their sexiest, most seductive pose, without being (overly) pornographic. It's interesting to peruse the pictures and see what people think is sexy. What women think. What men think. What American's think is sexy versus Europeans. Frankly, I'm a little worried about the guy who submitted his cat. And then there's the guy with his parakeet ... ?!

 Looking for a little eye candy? Look no further than urlLink Fastlane . I think I had little beads of perspiration on my forehead watching urlLink Peter Facinelli and urlLink Bill Bellamy as a pair of undercover cops. I even noticed a little send up to urlLink Miami Vice with Phil Collins' urlLink In the Air Tonight .

 Last night I finished urlLink The Lovely Bones . In the end it was not what I wanted it to be. But it was still good.

 Tonight I made a few stops on the way home. I bought a new suitcase for a trip next week (the handle broke on my other one during the Kansas City trip). I bought some perfume and looked at lingerie. You never know what might come in handy when. My other stop was Target. There was a police car out front when I pulled in. I saw the officer walk with a woman to a car parked near mine. She pointed to a missing back seat window. They were still there when I left the store. The woman sat alone in her car. It was a Kia that had obviously been in a recent accident. The passenger door was taped shut. With lots of tape. I sat and watched her for a moment. Her pain and sadness were palpable. I could almost hear her thinking... "Why me? I didn't do anything to anybody. Why did they do this to my car? Can't they see ... How am I going to pay for this? What are people going to think? Why would someone hit something already so battered?" That's what it was. She looked battered. And beaten down.

 Today for lunch, mom and I tried some Dim Sum. It was an interesting adventure. I've decided about all the Dim Sum I can do is Dim Dumplings. There were some pretty questionable items on our plates. One thing looked like slabs of fat wrapped around some sort of unidentifiable meat to me. Another was like angel food cake with pork in the center. I finished one but didn't want another. At that point mom insisted that I needed to finish it. I told her, No. I don't like it. I'm paying for it. I don't have to finish it. After a short nap (ok, so two hours doesn't really constitute "short"), I hit the store for milk and such. As I stood in line a man and his beer came behind me. He invaded my personal space. I swear could feel him breathing on my neck in a yikky kind of way. Finally when he made that "Mmm, Mmm, Mmm" noise, I turned my body to look at him. Like all women, I have perfected "The Look". He got embarrassed and moved closer to his wife. Gross.

 I finished urlLink Angela's Ashes for the book club this week. Now I'm reading urlLink The Lovely Bones based on the fabulous reviews it received. While not for the squeamish, it has lived up to its reviews for me.

 Ahhh. Nothing like sleeping till 10:30 a.m. Now I really want a Vanilla Coke. I love Vanilla Coke. However, I shouldn't drink them as often as I crave them. I can hardly wait for urlLink Diet Vanilla Coke . Being from Texas, we drink "Coke" regardless of what we really drink. When someone offers to bring us something to drink, we'll say, "Oh! Bring me a Coke." Invariably the other person will ask, "OK. What do you want?" "A Dr. Pepper." CNN is on to us: urlLink Coke, soda, or pop? [Later: I really did sleep till 10:30 a.m. I don't know why BloggerPro is jacking with my times again.]

 Wish I'd thought of urlLink this first! Check out the Grand Debt Tally.

 knock, knock, knock. Anyone out there? I'm baaccckkkk ... Let me just say for the record that I love Ericka's husband John. Not in an I'm gonna steal your man kind of way, but in a thank you for helping me get my PC back up and running kind of way. Everything is gone from my memory. Including all of my bookmarks. I sure hope I can remember how to find everyone again ... I've missed reading my favorite blogs and being able to write sassy e-mails from home. There's only so much privacy you can hope for at work!

 Crashed and burned. That's what my computer did on Saturday. I don't know it was a power surge or dust accumulation or what. So it may be a day or two ... or five ... before I'm back online.

 It's raining today. A nice lovely slow rain from urlLink Fay . Yes, I know it seems like we were just swamped with flooding. But that was the first week of July, and this is the first rain we've had since. My grass must be soooo happy! Vern Yip: urlLink Not Quite as Seen on TV (NYTimes, free registration required). And don't forget, the urlLink Trading Spaces season premiere is tonight! Well, I'm off to get ready for birthday lunch for Kelly. Linda's daughters: Kristy and Kelly

 urlLink Signs of Wealth . Well, that explains everything. My sign doesn't even make the list!

 I had highs and lows at the mailbox today. The high was a surprise gift from one of my favorite places in the world. The low came from a letter from my cousin Howard. I'd planned to visit him later this year, but he's too ill for company. I'm hoping he'll let me come for a day visit ...

 Dang it. I did something productive after all. I took a walk. It really was a lovely evening. Not too hot, a slight breeze. I love my neighborhood. The differences in the houses. A neighborhood where people in cars wave as they drive by. Call out from their porches. I walked a prescription down to the grocery store. The technician was someone I went to high school with. I'm certain I haven't seen her in 20 years. She's still with her high school boyfriend. Wow. I walked back a different route. On a major street, looking into store windows. Wishing for a Starbucks here. A Barnes & Noble there. Hoping for a Mom and Pop eatery or young entrepreneur's gift shop. If nothing else, maybe I'll try out the Beauty College and get a $25 facial.

 Ahhh. I am soooo happy. I am home alone . There is no one hammering or sawing or stomping around (my floor is filthy). No one talking. Just me and the urlLink Chicks . It just seems for weeks now there is someone here when I get up in the morning till close to bedtime. Tonight I am home alone, eating a leftover hamburger from Friday (nothing tastes better than food grilled outside). While I enjoy people, I love my down time. I am not someone who is afraid of my own company. I can shop alone, go to the movies alone, eat out alone, travel alone. Tonight, I am home alone, and I am doing nothing productive ... Oh, that's not true. I have a couple of trips coming up, so I may do a little research on what to do and see. Nothing better than planning a holiday. Except, hopefully, actually taking the trip.

 As I walked back from the card store at lunchtime, a woman struck up a conversation with me. We talked about the hotel on the corner and how quickly it had gone up. She was probably 30-or-so years older than me. Dressed age appropriate. As we stepped to cross the street, I noticed her sandals. The toe ring. It made me smile. All the way back to my desk. Maybe I'm not such the old fogy when I wear mine after all.

 I received a couple of really nice gifts today. A microwave from Linda (belated house warming gift) and a new light fixture for the bathroom from mom (belated birthday present). Unfortunately, I can't use the microwave until the electricians fix what they did on Friday. I don't think they were gone a minute before the fridge and computer blew their fuses. As you might imagine, I was none too happy to see sparks coming out of my computer outlet. I had a minute of terror waiting for it to reboot. We had to plug the fridge into an outlet in the living room, which makes for interesting party conversation. Good thing I'm not too anal. Do you buy CDs and listen to them over and over and over again until you're sick of it? I am so hooked on this new Dixie Chicks CD, urlLink Home . I love the title song. It's about having a chance and not taking it. Living with never knowing what might have been. I've spent too much of my life living cautiously. There are points I look back to and think, "Hmmm, I wonder..." I'm working on changing that.

 I figured since it's Labor Day, there'd be no garbage pick-up today. I was wrong. Seems to me there's some irony in the fact that garbage collectors don't get Labor Day off.

 Yesterday my niece called out of the blue. She's in town and wanted to do lunch today. We had a hysterical conversation: Her: I just called grandma and she hung up on me. Me: Whhaaaattt? Her: Yeah, she told me I had the wrong number and hung up on me! I could not stop laughing. I definitely gave mom a hard time. Did you just have a wrong number? "Yeah, a few minutes ago." Um, it was your granddaughter. "Whhaaaattt?" We did lunch with her today. It makes me so happy that's she's called of her own accord. I really hope I can develop relationship with her and her brother outside of the one I have (or don't have) with their father. Mom and Stacy

 From the party: My Godson, Antonio Really, I'm not trying to dig my claws into him. He's such a serious kid, I was tickling him to get a laugh.

 Mmmm. I have a roast in the oven with potatoes, carrots and an onion. My house smells yummy! Add a good glass of Merlot and it's all trick-or-treat for me !

 Take note : urlLink Kate has a new home!

 I am a self-confessed coward. One of the floors in our building had a haunted house ($1 entry goes to buy Thanksgiving meals for needy families). I avoided it because I'm a screamer. I didn't want to embarrass myself at work. This afternoon I judged a decorating contest at our processing center. Ten teams did fabulous jobs. It was really a tough decision for the six of us. Luckily we used a point system to grade (then we tested our adding skills). One of the area's had a "special section" and I was the first to look. So, yeah. When the guy jumped out at me, I screamed. Great fun for everyone. I docked them a point on their grade.

 Men are a funny breed. I see the same guys most every day. Take one day, put on a headband, paint on a nose and some whiskers, and it's slobber city.

 Meow!

 Cool! I just received a beautiful flower arrangement. Alas, it came with no card. Hmmm....

 urlLink Gorgeous Pumpkin Treats , by Nigella Lawson ( New York Times , free registration required). Lordy. After reading this, how could you not want some?! Now, pumpkin pancakes are to ordinary breakfast pancakes as a comforter is to a blanket. The sweet pured flesh (and it's fine to use canned when you haven't the fresh pumpkin on hand) blends with the sour tang of buttermilk to make a pancake that is fleshy and downy and supersoft all at once. You could eat them plain, but topped with pecans tossed in a hot pan with maple syrup and doused with more maple syrup, these pancakes make the perfect, sumptuous all-out weekend breakfast. I put the full recipe over at urlLink What's For Dinner ?

 That's me underneath all of that ... from urlLink Days of Caring . Pretty, huh?

 Tonight I went to the rosary of a four-year-old. Anthony has been sick his entire life. Lack of oxygen during delivery. He's required 24-hour medical care. He could breathe on his own, but had to be fed through a tube in his nose. Finally last week he couldn't breathe anymore either. The true significance of the story is his mom. She is now the strongest person I know. She led the rosary. Split the readings with two brothers. But she started. Without a quaver. After they finished, she and her husband spoke about Anthony. We were lucky to be his earthly parents. Now we know he is at home with his Father. No more suffering. No more pain. No more struggle.

 I'm having blogger posting issues. Anyone else?

 urlLink There's only one thing I like about Daylight Savings Time. Today. I love the extra hour to get things done. It makes me feel productive. I hate that it will be dark when I get home from work tomorrow. I thought I would beat the crowd at the new store and do my shopping at 10 a.m. I was not the only one with that idea. But, I do love the new store. It's not perfect (I was really hoping for those self-checkout lanes), but it is such an improvement. And look! Magazines in English! What will I do? I'm having some girls over tomorrow night to watch Moulin Rouge on HBO. I decided on salad, chili, cornbread and chocolate dump cake (see recipe at urlLink What's For Dinner ). As I was looking at the chili meat, I noticed this roast below me for $1.65. They had all these pre-bagged roasts on sale for cheap. They're small, but that's perfect for me. I got three roasts for less than $5.

 Do you ever feel like you need a cast of characters for your blog? I was reading one earlier and she started talking about someone I hadn't read about before with no explanation. Gina, my friend Sandy's 10-year-old and my Godson's sister, had a poetry reading today. She won honorable mention for her age group. She did a terrific job with her reading. Some of the kids sounded terrified ~ almost unfamiliar with their own poems. I was really proud of her. I'll try to get a copy to add here.

 urlLink Doonesbury blogs.

 I stopped by the new store tonight. Me, and oh, 1 ... 2 ... 500 other people! I found a parking space pretty easily (I have good parking karma) and I didn't plan on buying anything, so I just wandered around. I almost jumped for joy when I saw they had pineapple cream cheese ~ strawberry even! Great joy! But the real stunner was finding my favorite yogurt! Hallelujah! Nearly four long months ... (Yeah, I bought it at other stores, but still!).

 Autumn is officially here. Tonight I watched urlLink It's The Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown . Love it. I sat there with a smile on my face the entire show. I'm just a kid at heart. So, in honor of Halloween, it's the Friday Five: What is your favorite scary movie? I am a coward (and not afraid to admit it), so I can't tell you the last scary movie I saw. What is your favorite Halloween treat? Candy. Oh. Was I supposed to pick one ? Do you dress up for Halloween? If so, describe your best Halloween costume. My absolute favorite costume as a child was a fairy princess. Tiara, wand ... the whole works. My mom made it for me and I loved it. In 7th or 8th grade I dressed as a clown and won the school costume contest. These days I wear a cat headband and paint on some whiskers. The guys at work seem to like it. ; ) Do you enjoy going to haunted houses or other spooky events? No. Same rules apply from Q#1! Will you dress up for Halloween this year? I'll probably dig out the cat headband and wear orange and black.

 I was watching the evening news earlier and they described the Bushwacker (the gun found in sniper's car) as one that can be used for out-of-season hunting. I thought, Well that's exactly what he was doing. Coward.

 urlLink Students paid to test condoms .

 Note to self : next time you see the urlLink Spurs in the new urlLink SBC Center and are sitting in any of the 200's ... bring hiking gear.

 From The Book of Questions, #72: If you could have free, unlimited services for five years from an extremely good cook, chauffeur, housekeeper, masseuse or personal secretary, which would you choose?

 I just posted my first recipe at urlLink What's For Dinner! I love making this Cherry-Pineapple Dump Cake. It is easy to throw together and everyone who eats it raves about how great it is.

 It is such a beautiful day I am almost embarrassed by the amount of time I bloggerbated versus being outside. When I finally tore away from the PC, I headed outside to lovely, sunny 76&deg; day. I deadheaded some plants, pruned some others. All-in-all a gorgeous day. I also did the grocery store to get some things for this week's lunches. Since the new store opens on Friday, they've obviously opted to not restock their shelves anymore. It looked quite barren. Third world even. I wondered how some families might make it through the week.

 A new word that applies to so many of us: urlLink bloggerbated . Today I have been bloggerbating. Tweaking here and there. Nearly invisible to everyone to me, but I have bloggerbated [for hours it seems!] none the less.

 urlLink You only get five .

 urlLink Police sketch of sniper released.

 Girls do talk: urlLink "target=_new>Keep Him Coming .

 urlLink Slacktivist : White Van. White Guy.

 This is an interesting, almost philosophical take on urlLink porn , written by a women who works at a video store.

 Well, I am officially one of those stiff volunteers. It's funny, I took Advil with me to the site yesterday. At lunch I asked if anyone wanted a tablet or two. At least half did. We're all getting old! Yes, I too am wondering what the hell I am doing up before 8 a.m. on a Saturday. Sandy asked earlier in the week if I could help with kid duty. She had to be in two places at the same time this morning, so I volunteered for Antonio's softball game. It's been raining, but I figured I'd better get up just in case. She called to let me know it's been canceled. But I'm awake now. Dangit.

 The urlLink Friday Five : How many TVs do you have in your home? One. Sometimes I wish I had a TV in my room. For the urlLink Today Show or urlLink Jay Leno . On average, how much TV do you watch in a week? 12-15 hours Do you feel that television is bad for young children? I think certain shows certainly are. I feel for parents trying to raise their kids these days. Sexual innuendo, questionable language, poor role models show all day long these days. What TV shows do you absolutely HAVE to watch, and if you miss them, you're heartbroken? urlLink Alias . If you had the power to create your own television network, what would your line-up look like? Beyond Alias, urlLink Gilmore Girls , urlLink Friends , urlLink ER , urlLink Trading Spaces and a few others? It would look like urlLink HBO .

 Today was our urlLink United Way 's urlLink Day of Caring . I took a team of 10 to work at the Inner City Development. They provide emergency food and clothing, recreation for youth in the Alazan-Apache housing project and surrounding area, a sack lunch for the homeless, and high risk drop-out prevention program. Don and Patty Raddle have done some pretty amazing things in the past 20+ years. The ICD housed the very first urlLink Habitat for Humanity affiliate. One of their volunteers knew Millard Fuller and asked him to come to San Antonio to build houses like he was in Africa. While Habitat is based in Georgia, the very first Habitat house was built right across the street from ICD. The only paid employee of ICD lives in the very second Habitat built house. ICD needed help cleaning out their attic. Four of us suited up to brave the promised "rat-infested hell hole". Mind you, the "suit" was a painter-like coverall, gloves and a special mask for fiberglass insulation. One of the boys told me that I was a "brave woman." But my theory is I cannot send a volunteer to do work I wouldn't do myself. So I was first up the ladder. First to come face-to-face with a "rat" in a mousetrap. Frankly, it looked like a mouse to me, but we saw enough droppings to prove bigger rodents lived up their too. Some were up to a half-inch long. Yech! We literally pulled every box out of the attic and took it downstairs to sort. The sort process determined if something needed to be cleaned & used now, tossed or put back. I think their stance the last few years has been, "What should I do with this?" Put it in the attic. We could tell they had no idea how much stuff was up there. Boxes upon boxes. Eventually we got everything sorted, tossed or returned to the attic (contents clearly marked). It was a great team effort. We were pretty satisfied with ourselves. Course, some of us may not be able to move tomorrow ....

 My "black eye" has decided to peel. Pretty.

 Oh! Today I tried urlLink Diet Vanilla Coke . While it does not taste exactly the same (for obvious aspartame reasons), it'll work for me!

 Today I bought my urlLink Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets tickets at urlLink Fandango . Perhaps this seems a touch early, but it is only 28 days away! My partner in Harry Potter revelry is out of town opening day, so we're not going until Sunday. Time to started re-reading books one and two ...

 A horror of a story from my friend Sandy : This story happened about a month ago in a little town in Mexico, and even when it sounds like an Alfred Hitchcock tale it's real. This guy was on the side of the road hitch hiking on a very dark night in the middle of a storm. The night passed slowly and no cars went by. The storm was so strong he could see hardly a few feet ahead of him. Suddenly he saw a car slowly looming, ghostlike, out of the gloom. It slowly crept toward him and stopped. Reflexively, the guy gets into the car and closes the door, then realized that there was nobody behind the wheel. The car slowly starts moving again. The guy is terrified, too scared to think of jumping out and running. The guy sees that the car is slowly approaching a sharp curve. The guy starts to pray, begging for his life, sure the ghost car will go off the road and he will plunge to his death when, just before the curve, a hand appears thru the window and turns the steering wheel, guiding the car safely around the bend. Paralyzed with terror, the guy watches the hand re-appear every time they reach a curve. Finally, the guy gathers his wits and leaps from the car, and runs to the nearest town. Wet and in shock, he goes to a cantina and, voice quavering, orders two shots of tequila, and tells everybody about his horrible, supernatural experience. A silence envelopes everybody when they realize the guy is apparently sane and not drunk. About half an hour later two guys walked in the same cantina. One says to the other, "Look Pepe, that's the asshole that rode in our car when we were pushing it."

 One of the benefits of being single is not having to shave your legs very often. I wear pants to work a lot, so being seen through hose isn't really an issue. But, tomorrow I have a massage, so I did the deed. I think it was at a world record length for me. Almost long enough to braid. *sigh* I so need a date.

 I have had the best afternoon working for the Susan Komen Foundation. Today was my first time to work a health fair and talk to women, and men, about breast cancer self-exams. I am so proud of people. Especially the men. Picking up materials for their wives or daughters. Asking questions. Feeling the breast examples to see what normal lumps versus cancerous lumps feel like. Yep. This feeling right now is why I volunteer. It's not about what I can give. It's about what I get in return.

 Girls, have I found a site for you. urlLink askmen.com . Yeah, I know it says "Ask Men", but it really has some interesting articles about men that women should read. Plus, there are some really good "tip" articles. I'll let you find those for yourselves.

 I must have sex on the brain. It's kind of sexist, but it still made me laugh out loud. urlLink Men Are Pigs . Hmmm, I've been laughing out loud at sex a lot lately. What could that mean?

 If you haven't already, you must read urlLink of pretzels and penises . Laugh out loud funny. The real irony is I was eating pretzels when I found it! The mini kind. Hmpfh.

 As I was going through a box the other day, I found an old urlLink Book of Questions . It made me think of college and the road trips we used to take. We could kill miles and miles discussing a question or two. I used to have the urlLink Love & Sex version. I'll have to look for it. Then I thought about my blog and how people might respond. So on occasion, I'll throw a question out. Here's #77: Do you feel ill at ease going alone to either dinner or a movie? What about going on vacation by yourself?

 Brr. It's cold in my house. 65&deg;. Makes me wonder what it is outside. I hope we don't have a Fall like last Fall. 90's one week. 60's till Spring. I just want some middle of the road weather. 70's. Low 80's even. Is that too much to ask?

 Tomorrow is a bank holiday. How great is that? I have some errands to run and then Linda is having everyone over for an early dinner. Italian. In celebration of her heritage. I bought a new VCR today. The old one decided it was time to start eating the tapes instead of playing them. Unfortunately, it was not my tape. Sure hope Jessica had already seen it. I got a Sony at Best Buy. It was a pretty good price to begin with, then with gift card discounts I got it for $66. I have figured out how to use it and am all ready for tonight's Alias. Life is good.

 Oops. Guess I forgot to mention I'd be in Arlington a few days. Just another urlLink conference . A few observations: One evening I visited a local bookstore. I was standing in the self-help section, dangerously close to the sexuality section. As I stood there, a clerk bought over a young couple. The guy asked, "Now, what if I have just found this on my own?" "We can't stop you from doing so, but if I were to *show* you this section, I could lose my job." The clerk then winked and wandered away. The young couple -- maybe 17 or so -- looked at books on the Kama Sutra. He was genuinely interested in the topic. She teased him some. He said, "At least this time I don't have to have my mom buy it for me." I almost burst out laughing. They settled on one book and left. In the last week, I have been accosted twice by make-up people wanting to show me undereye cover-up. (I'm thinking it's a not-so-subtle hint.) Yesterday at Nordstrom's, I agreed to have my eyes "lightened". She gave me the usual spiel about how fab the products were, how the celebrities use it, blah-blah-blah. "You're sitting in the very same chair Mel Gibson has sit in," she told me secretively. Since she used three products for one area, and Mel Gibson can afford to buy them, I just said thanks and went on my way. Last night I started to feel poorly. I thought, Do I always have to get sick when I travel?! This morning I figured out what it was. I had a big, fat, red eye. Like a shiner. Only red. Thank God she only did one eye. At breakfast (with my red shiner), I was seated across the room from a very familiar man. He winked when he saw my double take. It was Jerry Jones (if you need to ask, you won't care who he is). Seems he was there speaking to a men's group meeting at the hotel. When I had dinner with Jeff on Thursday night, he casually mentioned a new place in town, Pei Wei. Seems PFChang's has a casual Chinese place. I went for lunch today. It was pure heaven. Really, I could've rolled over and taken a nap -- it was that good. As I watched my seatmate get settled on the plane, I noticed the back jacket of his book cover. I thought, Did I just see what I think I saw? He was very discreet, so it was a challenging spy for me. Finally I saw the confirmation. Pete kissed Claude hard. "We'll have to save our fucking for tonight," he said. Gay erotica.

 Well, I didn't make it to book club. I got totally distracted. Guess there's always next month.

 Tonight is book club night. We're going to talk about urlLink The Red Tent . I think this book is one of my all-time top five favorites. If you're a woman, and you haven't read it ... Go. Now. Buy it. Order it. Read it. I promise it will be worth your time.

 I haven't done this in a while, but who can pass up The magic of Disney ! urlLink This or That for October 8: 1. Heroines: Ariel (Little Mermaid) or Belle (Beauty & the Beast)? Ariel. Plus she has the better show at urlLink WDW . 2. More heroines: Mulan or Pocahontas? Totally Mulan. 3. Princesses: Snow White or Cinderella? Cinderella. 4. Toy Story: Buzz or Woody? Woody! 5. Animals: Simba (Lion King) or Bambi? Bambi. Hey, I'm 37, give me a break! 6. Naughty boys: Peter Pan or Pinocchio? Peter Pan! Ditto on the fab ride at both WDW and urlLink DL . 7. Sidekicks: Sebastian the Crab (Little Mermaid) or Jiminy Cricket (Pinocchio)? Sebastian. (sing with me!) Under the sea ... 8. Villians: Wicked Queen (Snow White) or Cruella De Vil (101 Dalmatians)? urlLink Ursula ! 9. Classics: Goofy or Pluto? Goofy. 10. And of course: Mickey or Donald? Mickey!

 After going to see Kelly's new house, I stopped at urlLink Barnes & Noble for a new book. I just finished urlLink Outlander by Diana Gabaldon. I'm almost embarrassed to admit it's one of those sappy love stories with a time travel twist. Parts of it I really enjoyed (the husband was a virgin -- that was a hoot), parts of it were ... weird (said husband was raped by another man). Last night I realized I had no new books waiting on my nightstand, so tonight I picked up urlLink A Girl Named Zippy by Haven Kimmel. I saw her on the urlLink Today Show last week with a book club. Made me want to read it.

 Just for the record, I still think urlLink Alias rocks . It's just that I promised a certain urlLink traveling man that I wouldn't disclose any juicy plot secrets while he's away.

 I am so jealous. My Uncle Richard and Aunt Ruthie have been in the United Kingdom for the last ten days, and today they spent the day with Cousins Howard and Pam. I can't believe it's been three years since I've seen Howard. I do think it's high time I plan a visit for myself.

 Recently I had some computer problems and in the process of re-installing everything, I lost everything. Including bookmarks to my favorite blogs. As I have been rebuilding my list, I've found some new ones along the way. Meet urlLink Sandee of urlLink I will Survive . She is bravely fighting cancer.

 I'm a simple girl, really. It's the little things that make me happy. Point-in-case: I hate my local grocery store. It's too small. It doesn't carry many of the things I like (really is Pineapple Cream Cheese asking too much?). Across the street they are building a newer, larger store. I've been dying for it to open. When I was picking up my pictures yesterday, I saw the sign. This store closes Oct. 24 at 5 p.m. Our new store opens Oct. 25 at 6 a.m. I said, " Alright! " The clerk looked at me funny. Now, if only the SuperTarget down the road would open before Christmas...

 I really do need a digital camera. I just picked up my film from DC. There was a roll of film already in the camera. The extra pictures were from New York City -- last November!

 It's amazing what two Advil, a Vanilla Coke and Pop Tarts can do for a headache. You'd think it was a hangover, but alas, no. Just my friend ragweed.

 Interesting. I found urlLink The Homeless Guy in yesterday's urlLink USAToday today.

 Tonight I took mom and my Godparents out for her birthday dinner. It was a Chinese buffet. My Godmother had a really off night. She didn't talk much. I don't think she could. She told me that mom "helped" her with her plate. It was piled high with food. Sometimes I'm not sure about my mom. She gave her too much to choose from, so she struggled to eat. When I heard her say, "I wonder what this is," I glanced over to see her about to taste a forkful of wasabi. No! I literally jerked the fork away from her, like she was a child. Once I explained what it was, mom said, "Oh, I thought it was guacamole.

 So, what does it say when you call in sick to work and they say, "Good!"? Guess they are as tired of listening to me hack as I am. Yes, I am just now dragging my happy self back out of bed. I must've been really tired.

 Happy 78th Birthday Mom!

 Today was Paul's funeral. Seems Sunday after church he drove himself to the local hospital parking lot and shot himself in the head. He's not the first person I've known to commit suicide. I met Michael on the first day of middle school. I'd gone to a parochial school the first six years. Public school was this weird place full of bizarre people. We met in homeroom. He asked me to go steady. I went home and told my mom. She told me to tell him she said no. We became fast friends anyway. He was the class clown. Always making people laugh. I remember in high school we would talk on the phone for hours. After we graduated, he went into the service and I went to college. I only saw him a few times after that. I knew he was in town. That he had returned to college. One day he called me. I'd gotten a new job and my picture was in the paper. He wanted to tell me how beautiful I was. He still made me laugh. It was the last time I talked to him. One summer, after a long vacation, I was going through the old newspapers and found an article I wanted to share with my mom. I called and told her, You'll never guess what I found in the newspaper! Michael Powell's obituary? What?! Sure enough. The funeral was the day before we'd returned home. I couldn't believe it. I called his best friend from high school. They'd lost touch also. He didn't know. He told me he would find out if it was true and call me back. It was. He lived in an apartment complex not far from where I live now. He sent his mother in Houston a letter telling her that by the time she received his message he would be dead. The complex manager found him. He'd hung himself. I was so angry at him for a long time. Mad at myself for letting him slip away. For not making a difference in his life. It's not as hard to think of him now. I keep his senior picture in the top drawer of my dresser. I will never forget him.

 Later today I'm off to see London and urlLink Lee ... and not necessarily in that order! Toodles! I leave you with A Thanksgiving Poem : Twas the night of Thanksgiving, But I just couldnt sleep I tried counting backwards, I tried counting sheep. The leftovers beckoned -- The dark meat and white But I fought the temptation With all of my might. Tossing and turning With anticipation The thought of a snack Became infatuation. So, I raced to the kitchen, Flung open the door And gazed at the fridge, Full of goodies galore. I gobbled up turkey And buttered potatoes, Pickles and carrots, Beans and tomatoes. I felt myself swelling So plump and so round, Til all of a sudden, I rose off the ground. I crashed through the ceiling, Floating into the sky With a mouthful of pudding And a handful of pie. But, I managed to yell As I soared past the trees.... Happy eating to all -- Pass the cranberries, please. May your stuffing be tasty, May your turkey be plump. May your potatoes n gravy Have nary a lump. May your yams be delicious May your pies take the prize, May your Thanksgiving dinner Stay off of your thighs. May your Thanksgiving be blessed!!

 Who can pass up a Thanksgiving urlLink This-or-That ? Stuffing: baked inside the turkey, or separately? Baked inside. Fresh or frozen turkey? Either one works for me. I'd like to try Cajun-fried some time. Cranberry sauce: jellied or whole berry? Neither. Not much of a fan. Stay home or visit friends/relatives? We always used to have Thanksgiving and Christmas at my mom's house ~ probably the first 25 years of my life. Now we go to my Godparent's son's house. I suspect they are going to try and get me to do Christmas this year ... Do you cook Thanksgiving dinner, or let someone else do it? Someone else has done the turkey and I've always brought side dishes. Maybe for Christmas ... Traditional turkey dinner, or an alternative (such as vegetarian)? Traditional. For both Thanksgiving and Christmas. Although for Christmas, my Godfather usually smokes the turkey. Regular potatoes or sweet potatoes? I love both. Homemade gravy, or the jarred stuff? Homemade, although I usually go without. What part of the turkey do you prefer...dark or white meat? Both. After dinner: football or Christmas movies? Nap. Basically we've eaten the exact same meal every Thanksgiving and Christmas my entire life. Maybe a side dish or pie change once in-a-while, but always, always turkey. Never ham or something else. Sometimes I just wish we could break out of the mold. Be adventurous. Try new things. But, alas, I can tell you that ain't gonna happen.

 Gak! Christmas is one month from today. And how many gifts have I purchased so far? None. Zip. Zilch. Nada. Zero.

 Bond. urlLink James Bond . Yummy. And a urlLink car to die for. Sure, it's a traditional Bond flick, with a 40th anniversary throwback to some great Bond scenes. But, it is Bond. And he is as drool-worthy as ever.

 urlLink "Trading Spaces" vs. "Changing Rooms"

 Looking for new blogs? Check out urlLink Recommended Reading .

 I've never had the problem here, but urlLink How To Disagree In A Blog rings true. It never ceases to amaze me how rude people can be on someone else's site.

 Not your everyday alarm: a jack hammer. Hello? It's Saturday!

 urlLink Mike needs to be famous... and fast.

 I was looking for something in my files at work today and found this picture. Back when I submitted my eyes to urlLink The Eye Project , I sent some of the pictures to my friend Jeff so he could help me select the one I should submit. He played with one and sent it back to me ... the picture was changed to black and white and then my eyes were colorized. He did the exact same steps for both eyes, but look at how different they came out: I tried doing it myself to see if I got something different (or eyes more similar). Came out the exact same. Weird, huh? The pigment must be very different in each eye.

 I got this in an e-mail from a friend and thought Id post the answers here too What time do you wake up in the morning on weekdays? Um, I should get up at 7:15 a.m. Its usually much later than that. If you could eat lunch with one famous person, who would it be? Oprah. Gold or silver? Silver. What was the last film you saw at the cinema? Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone. Favorite TV show/or shows? Alias, Friends, ER, Sopranos, Sex in the City. What do you have for breakfast most often? Diet Vanilla Coke and something else (yogurt, bagel, etc ). Hate to be left in a room with? Cookies. Can you touch your nose with your tongue? No. What inspires you? Beautiful things. What's your middle name? Kay. Beach, city, or country? Beach. Summer or winter? Summer. Favorite ice cream? Chocolate. Buttered, plain, or salted popcorn? Pop Smart. Favorite color? Purple. Your favorite car? Im really happy with my Honda. Favorite sandwich filling? PB&J. What characteristics do you despise? Dishonesty, insincerity, racist views, infidelity Im sure there are many more. Favorite flower? Stargazer lilies. If you had a big win in the lottery, how long would you wait to tell someone? Whew. Depends on how much I won. Fizzy or still water as a drink? Still. What color is your bathroom? Yellow. How many keys on your key ring? 5. Where would you retire? Depends. Can you juggle? If yes how many? no. Favorite day of the week? Saturday. Red or white wine? Red. Favorite beer? Miller Lite or Shiner Bock. What did you do for your last birthday? Had a party at my house. Do you carry a donor card? Yes. What is something you have not done in your life yet, that you still want to do? Travel more. Have you ever read the entire book of "War and Peace"? No. If you had only one thing that you could redo in your life, what would it be? Thats private. Steak or lobster? Both. Favorite all time song? That seems to change all the time. Favorite foreign food? Indian or Chinese. What position do you usually find yourself in, when you wake up in the morning? On my left side. Buried or cremation? Cremation. Favorite holiday? Easter. Stop sign ...coast through or stop? Stop. Usually. Gasoline...regular or premium? Middle grade.

 From urlLink Dawn : urlLink Chicago Uncommon .

 Random question time again ... from "The Book of Questions" ... #18: If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one ability or quality, what would it be?

 Go see urlLink Da Goddess . Maybe you'll be the lucky soul to throw her over the 20,000 mark!

 Today is the day Carole actually died. I'd been thinking about it off-and-on when I flipped through my calendar and a photo of the two of us popped out at me. It's a nice picture of us. I never considered Carole my friend. But many people I'm friends with loved her. Still miss her terribly. Like it was yesterday. Not two years ago. Two co-workers are even out today because of it. Because she was important to so many, I will always remember her. Tonight there's a group dinner in her honor. So her friends will be together on this difficult day. I will be there too. I have a funny story or two I can share. Like how she used to drive while talking to the back seat passengers. Um, really, you don't have to look at me to talk to me ... I wrote an article for my company publication when she died. Some excerpts: Laugh like nobody's listening, dance like nobody's watching and love like it's never going to hurt. Some of us select quotes we wish to be our life's credo. Not many of us actually live up to them. Carole did. She had a laugh we'll never forget. And her heart? Words cannot begin to express her kind, generous and loving nature. Carole was a giver. Of gifts. Of her time. She was a true friend to so many. We lost one of our shining stars on Sunday, November 19. An employee for 30 years, she touched many lives during her tenure. "She loved her family and friends, especially her sister Myrna, always living out of the country in some exotic locale. Since she was never around, I teased her about Myrna being an imaginary sister. Because I insisted that she had never outgrown her lonely childhood and her need for imaginary friends, she would often begin a new story with, 'My imaginary sister Myrna'. Once, she mentioned that Myrna would be in town for the holidays. Of course, proof of her existence was required, once and for all. She brought me a picture of Carole and her father with their arms around an empty space Myrna! I can hear us laughing, still," remembers Angie. "Nothing will ever be the same but because she passed this way, we are all the better for it. Carole was courageous, loyal, dependable, giving and I always wanted to be like her when I grew up," says Angie.

 Go urlLink Harry ! I thoroughly enjoyed myself. Go see it ~ now! At the theater, I saw a former friend. Tricia. In truth, she's a former best friend. We had an ugly parting almost nine years ago. I bring this up, because I miss her to this day. I truly believe we have soul mates. People who are supposed to be in our lives for whatever reason. She was my soul mate friend. I've seen her maybe twice in the last nine years, so it was startling to see her today. She looks so different. Linda had gone to the bathroom, so I had time to just watch her. I'd always thought the time would come and we would be friends again. There's this space in my life waiting to be filled by her. And for the first time ever, today as I watched her, I thought, We will never be friends again. It makes me sad. After the movie, we met Elizabeth and Kim at Beto's for a late lunch. We sat chatting for over two hours, which was nice because I don't know Kim very well. As we were leaving, E asked me, "What's today?" Um, November 17 ? pausing. Omigod. Are you ok? Two years ago this day (not this date), she was out motorcycle riding with friends. Her partner, Carole, lost control of her Harley, drove into a rock wall and died (they were on different bikes). I was going to wrap this post up with a nice, neat symbolic something or another. But I can't.

 I'm surprised I haven't had much to say about urlLink Harry Potter and the Chamber Secrets . This time last year, I had about blogged myself into blog hell about it. This year, I've barely mentioned that I've already gotten my tickets. Tonight, urlLink Harry Potter and the Sorcerers' Stone is on urlLink HBO . Linda and Kristy are coming over to watch with me. I thought it would be a good refresher (along with re-reading Book II this week). We're having popcorn, decaf sodas and dump cake (recipe urlLink here ). Tomorrow, we have tickets for the first showing of the day. Church will still be in, so hopefully the theater capacity of children won't be maxed out. What? This is a movie for children you say? Nonsense! After the movie, we're meeting Elizabeth and Kim (who saw it yesterday) for a late lunch to talk about it. Yes, we're all adults. Heck, at 37, I'm the youngest one! Then, I'll see it for a second time in London. I'm pretty psyched about that.

 Weird. It's like two Mac OS systems have been playing tag on my site today. Who are you?

 A new find from nextblog: urlLink MediaEater: Icons & Images .

 A new link to the urlLink blogroll : urlLink The Unrepentant Texan .

 Know how you can get a song stuck in your head? Right now, I have a loop of Your Body is a Wonderland by urlLink John Mayer : We got the afternoon You got this room for two One thing I've left to do Discover me Discovering you One mile to every inch of Your skin like porcelain One pair of candy lips and Your bubblegum tongue And if you want love? We'll make it Swimming a deep sea Of blankets Take all your big plans And break 'em This is bound to be a while chorus: Your body is a wonderland Your body is a wonder (I'll use my hands) Your body is a wonderland Something 'bout the way your hair falls in your face I love the shape you take when crawling towards the pillowcase You tell me where to go and Though I might leave to find it I'll never let your head hit the bed Without my hand behind it you want love? We'll make it Swimming a deep sea Of blankets Take all your big plans And break 'em This is bound to be a while chorus Damn baby You frustrate me I know you're mine all mine all mine But you look so good it hurts sometimes chorus

 Oh, darn. I might get stuck there ... urlLink Strikes threaten air travel in Britain .

 urlLink Smattering is gone and no Friday Five this week. Poor thing, I hope she didn't burn out trying to entertain the rest of us (and then get bitched out about it when people don't like that week's particular question).

 In a Christmas quandary like me? Check out urlLink Bea's Alternative Gift Ideas .

 I have a rant . Why do some men think it's OK to touch a woman's body without her permission? Today, Sandy's niece Kelly received an unsolicited hug from one of her college professors. Post hug, he felt her breast. I was pretty well developed by high school, so I was the recipient of this type of behavior all-too-frequently. The very first time a total stranger coped a feel, I was embarrassed and felt shameful. Like I had done something wrong. Nearly 25 years later, I can remember that feeling vividly. After that, I figured out it was the man that was wrong and learned to voice myself. Most times it happened at a crowded event and the perpetrator would be gone. I had adult men ~ one who had known me since birth ~ attempt to tongue kiss me. I thank God I had the fortitude to get myself out of those situations. It scares me to imagine what might have happened. Once, a long-time "friend" felt me up because he "wanted to know if they were real." I felt so reassured when he decided they were. How does it happen that some men feel this behavior is acceptable? Parents, teach your kids what good and bad touching is. Tell them it's ok to speak up for themselves. Then when the time comes, they'll know what to do. And they'll get help and/or call the proper authorities, just like Kelly did.

 Does anyone know how to get the urlLink blogrolling links to open into a new window? I tried adding the usual "target=_new", but nothing happened.

 About six weeks ago, the city got it's first urlLink Krispy Kreme . While kind folks have brought dozens to our office (literally four dozen on Friday for 16 in our department ~~ talk about a sugar high!), I've only ventured by the store. Each time, the line has been out the door and the parking lot resembles an obstacle course. During peak hours, the wait can be 90 minutes. The first day, they made 12,000 donuts an hour. The first month, we broke a Krispy Kreme sales record. May explain why we're one of the urlLink Fattest Cities in America .

 I finally urlLink blogrolled myself today. I read so many more blogs than I link to. Course, I also cycle through a lot of blogs too. If you can't keep me entertained, I move along. Hmmm. That makes me wonder why people come here. I can go days -- no, weeks! -- as a dull, dull girl.

 Kevin Spacey wants urlLink you ! Oy. Wish he wanted me ...

 Girls, go vote in urlLink The Dress Contest . What gorgeous wedding gowns. And yes, #13 is Gwen Stefani.

 Ha. Joke's on me. Today it's supposed to be 81&deg;. Tomorrow 82&deg;. At least I have heat.

 I use urlLink next blog a lot to see what else is out there. I'm surprised that I am already seeing "reruns" of certain sites. Surely there are more of us out there than that, right? Anyway. I should share some of what I find that make me laugh or make me mad or whatever. So here's one from this morning. I thought it was yummy: urlLink OhnoZone .

 The urlLink Friday Five : Did you vote in your last elections? Yes. I felt very strongly against one of our options for Governor. Do you know who your elected representatives are? Yes. Beyond my city officials, they are: Congressman Charlie Gonzalez, Senator Leticia Van De Putte and Representative Michael Villarreal. Have you ever contacted an elected representative? If so, what was it about? No. I would have for White House tickets if they were still giving tours. Have you ever participated in a demonstration? No. Have you ever volunteered in an election? What was the result? No. But one of my former schoolmates may run for Mayor and a co-worker may run for City Council. I would absolutely work for both of them.

 Yea! I have heat! Too bad I don't have a video camera so I could show you me doing my happy dance!

 I voted tonight on my way home. For me, the race for Governor came down to choosing the candidate I believe is the lesser of two evils. Gotta love Texas politics.

 For the first time ever, I wish I had a television in my room. I would go in right now, get toasty under the electric blanket, have the tv on and a book on the nightstand with a glass of milk and cookies. *sigh* ... to be warm and contented.

 Yesterday (to spend time in a place warmer than my house), I spent about three hours at Borders and Barnes & Noble. I have been bookless for several days now and it's been driving me nuts. I recently finished urlLink As Long As She Needs Me for bookclub. Don't waste your time. I bought: urlLink The Corrections , by Jonathan Franzen urlLink Back When We Were Grownups , by Anne Tyler That Certain Someone, by Shauna Silverton (I already finished it, don't bother) I'm sure I've said it a thousand times here. I love bookstores. I can spend hours perusing. And I don't feel guilty about it, cause I almost always buy something. Yesterday I spent time reading through books and looking at maps for a trip I am planning later this month. It's one of the best parts about going somewhere. Sometimes I even think about buying guide books to destinations no where on the financial horizon. Just to dream ...

 I'm not much of a curser. I have a pretty extensive vocabulary and find I can put together complete sentences that get my point across without the use of foul language. So, should you ever come along and find me cursing, your best defense is to get the hell out of my way. That said ... I want to know how many fucking men it takes to get my fucking heater working. Do you know how much fucking money I paid for a fucking central air and heating system?!?! Right now it is 58&deg; fucking degrees in my house. Do you know how fucking cold it is to take a shower these days?! I have fucking had enough of this shit. I feel better now.

 Don't know why, but it struck me funny ... my best urlLink Google hit ever: lesbian sites I can go to and Websense won't come up

 When my PC crashed a month or so ago, I lost all of my links. I remembered all of my favorite blogs, but others are gone forever. Guess they really didn't entertain me after all. I've been in the process of reading blogs linked on some of my favorite pages. What's been interesting to me is the number of links to blogs that are now defunct. I mean, don't you link to these people because you like them? Enjoy perusing them on occasion ? Some have been gone six months to a year. Whatsupwiththat? I also find that the same people are linked just about everywhere. So I dont need to bookmark them ( urlLink Ev , urlLink Jish , urlLink Jill and others). Ive added some new blogs to my repertoire. Some Ive dumped already. Others really intrigue me. People live really amazing lives. I love the ones that are written well. Funny. Sarcastic. Smart. Compelling. Engaging. It makes me wonder about my own drivel.

 Saw a terrific movie today, urlLink Real Women Have Curves . It won several awards at the urlLink 2002 Sundance Film Festival : Audience Award, Special Jury Prize and was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize. The story tells of relationships within a traditional Hispanic family. Parents expectations of a daughter working to help support the tribe, getting married, taking care of a husband and having children *versus* Ana's dreams of college. One of the best scenes in the movie takes place in a "sweat shop". Ana takes off her blouse (much to her mother's dismay), and then so do the other women. They are all plump, but Ana, who has a healthy self-image, leads them in celebrating their bodies. It was a great moment for women of any size.

 It's cold in my house. Why, you ask? Because my doors and many windows are open. I had some work done today and the place smells like gas. I think it's the oven pilot light. My mommy is coming over to show me how to light it. Yeah. I really feel like an adult right now.

 A urlLink Friday Five for the faithful: Were you raised in a particular religious faith? Baptized Methodist. Raised Lutheran. Parochial school till 6th grade. Do you still practice that faith? Why or why not? I do not attend services anymore. I became disgruntled with the behavior of children during church. I believe it is the House of the Lord and certain rules should apply. Parental units should be the adult in the family and drag screaming/crying children outside. From the very first whimper. Not 10 minutes into the tantrum. And stop your kid from standing/jumping on the pews. It's not the mall, people! I have tried unsuccessfully to find another church. What do you think happens after death? I believe in Heaven and Hell. What is your favorite religious ritual (participating in or just observing)? I love Christmas Eve service. Good Friday was a powerful service when I was growing up, but they changed it too much. Sunrise Easter service is nice, but I didn't go this year. Probably the first time ever in my life. Do you believe people are basically good? Yes. I also believe people can be inherently evil.

 The Golden Telephone A man in Topeka, Kansas, decided to write a book about churches around the country. He started by flying to San Francisco, and started working east from there. Going to a very large church, he began taking photographs and making notes. He spotted a golden telephone on the vestibule wall and was intrigued with a sign that read "$10,000 a minute." Seeking out the pastor he asked about the phone and the sign. The Pastor answered that this golden phone is, in fact, a direct line to Heaven and if he pays the price he can talk directly to God. The man thanked the pastor and continued on his way. As he continued to visit churches in Seattle, Greensboro, Chicago, and all around the United States, he found more phones with the same sign, and the same answer from each pastor. Finally, he arrived in Texas. Upon entering a church in Wichita Falls, Texas behold, he saw the usual golden telephone. But THIS time, the sign read "Calls: 35 cents." Fascinated, he asked to talk to the pastor." Reverend, I have been in cities all across the country and in each church I have found this golden telephone and have been told it is a direct line to Heaven and that I could talk to God, but, in the other churches the cost was $10,000 a minute. Your sign reads 35 cents a call. Why?" The pastor, smiling kindly, replied, "Son, you're in Texas now.....it's a local call."

 Perpetual New Year Resolutions Let this coming year be better than all the others. Vow to do some of the things you've always wanted to do but couldn't find the time. Call up a forgotten friend. Drop an old grudge, and replace it with some pleasant memories. Share a funny story with someone whose sprits are dragging. A good laugh can be very good medicine. Vow not to make a promise you don't think you can keep. Pay a debt. Give a soft answer. Free yourself of envy and malice. Encourage some youth to do this or her best. Share your experience, and offer support. Young people need role models. Make a genuine effort to stay in closer touch with family and good friends. Resolve to stop magnifying small problems and shooting from the lip. Words that you have to eat can be hard to digest. Find the time to be kind and thoughtful. All of us have the same allotment: 24 hours a day. Give a compliment. It might give someone a badly needed lift. Think things though. Forgive an injustice. Listen more. Be kind. Apologize when you realize you are wrong. An apology never diminishes a person. It elevates him. Don't blow your own horn. If you've done something praiseworthy, someone will notice eventually. Try to understand a point of view that is different from your own. Few things are 100 percent one way or another. Examine the demands you make on others. Lighten up. When you feel like blowing your top, ask yourself, "Will it matter in a week from today?". Laugh the loudest when the joke is on you. The sure way to have a friend is to be one. We are all connected by our humanity, and we need each other. Avoid malcontents and pessimists. They drag you down and contribute nothing. Don't discourage a beginner from trying something risky. Nothing ventured means nothing gained. Be optimistic. The can-do spirit is the fuel that makes things go. Read something uplifting. Deep-six the trash. You won't eat garbage - why put it in your head? Don't abandon your old-fashioned principles. They never go out of style. When courage is needed, ask yourself, "If not me, who? If not now, when?" Walk tall and smile more. You'll look 10 years younger. Don't be afraid to say, "I love you". Say it again. They are the sweetest words in the world. ~ Ann Landers

 Here's the idea: You leave a message, the next person who comes along gets to read it. The urlLink Anonymous Message (and URL) Server.

 Let's talk about sex! urlLink Dirty Questions.com

 One of my friends told me today that they barbecued for Christmas. Yeah, only in South Texas, but I thought it sounded kinda cool.

 Well, I think I'm ready. I can cross through my list of things to do to be ready for company tomorrow night. The house is relatively clean (I'm going to return the Hoover Floormate ~ it was a disappointment), the groceries bought and the invitations accepted. Six of us will meet for dinner and a movie (a romantic comedy, natch) before coming to my house to ring in the New Year. First we'll watch Dick Clark in Times Square before heading downtown to see the city fireworks display. I've got brie and crackers, spinach dip, humus and Baked Lays, green olives (I love them martini-sized), and four huge dessert bars I'll cut into bite-sized pieces. I have sodas, two bottles of my favorite wine and Kristy is bringing champagne. If you're in the neighborhood, stop by!

 Just for my own records: A solid blueprint for change ( urlLink USA Today ): Pick the start date. Plan how to gear up for the change and put it in motion. Make a public announcement. Ask a "buddy" to monitor progress. Force yourself to sustain the effort until you "own" the change. Accept the ups and downs that evolving change can bring. Chart your progress. Constantly review long-term benefits. Reward persistence. Let's just say, if today was Jan. 2, I'd have broken my only New Year's resolution already .

 What is it about boots just below the knee and a skirt just above the knee that gets attention?

 So, how's the cleaning going, you ask. The living room looks fabulous. Totally ready for company . And then, I got hungry. Decided I would go to Sonic for their new popcorn chicken and a cherry limeade. I come home and voila! The front door key snaps off in the lock. Um, ok, I think. I'll just go to the back door . Alas, the key I need for the back door is now stuck in the front door. Ok, I'll call mom . She's not home and her cellphone is turned off. As I stand there thinking, the Sonic bag falls off the car and deposits my chicken in the driveway. Well, I have the paper, I think. I'll read it and try mom again in a while. I finish the paper. Try mom. Nothing. I lay in the backseat and try for a nap (the doors were locked and I was in my driveway). Try mom again. Yea! She's turned on her cellphone. Boo! She's with my brother. I explain the situation and tell her no, they can't come over and I'll wait until they leave. So I do. In my car. In my driveway. I call a friend. She entertains me for a while. Well, she's getting a divorce, so I really shouldn't call it entertainment. I'm sure you're thinking. "Wait. You have your keys, you have your purse. Go somewhere." Um, yeah. I was cleaning . My hair is pulled back with clips, I have on sweats and a t-shirt that says: Good boys go to Heaven. Bad boys go to Susan's Room. So yeah, not hitting Barnes & Noble in that lovely ensemble. Hell, having to get the keys from my mom while wearing that t-shirt was enough. Finally three hours into my waiting game, mom calls to tell me they have left. First thing I do when I get to her house is hit the bathroom (it was a Route 44 cherry limeade!) And do I feel like cleaning now? Nah ...

 Hey! I just looked at the date and realized I moved into my house six months ago today. Yea me! And, I'm chosing to clean. I'm almost scaring myself that I'm excited to try out the new vacuum. Life as we now know it is over.

 I can't believe I was home all day yesterday and didn't blog once. I felt kind-of lousy, so I basically just laid around. I didn't get up until after 11 a.m. (I can't even tell you the last time I did that), got an early evening nap and went to bed around 11:30 p.m. (started book 30!). Today I must decide if I want company for New Year's. Because if I do, I must clean. I wish I could find someone who charged a reasonable price, was reliable and did a good job. The last person charged me $60, complained that my house was "dusty" (duh!) and I definitely could've done a better job. Right now I have biscuits in the oven and they smell are delish. Anyone hungry? o.k., let's see ... what would I need to do today to be ready for Tuesday? Put away Christmas stuff (wrapping paper, etc...) Find home for Christmas gifts received Dust Do floors Pick clothes up off floors first Put away clean dishes Wash new dirty dishes Grocery store Yeah, it's do-able. But will the mood strike?

 I went into work for a short while today. A retired employee (50+ years at the bank) died Christmas Day. As the employee communications chick, I was called in to communicate it. Afterwards, I had lunch at an Italian place I really like but can never get to on a workday. I even had a Bellini. I tried one more Target for Christmas supplies, but bought none. On my way back home, I stopped at a boot sale and bought two pairs for $49.50 each (one was originally $160, the other $150). I haven't found a pair of boots in narrow in years, so it was a pretty joyful purchase. Came home and took a nap. This shopping thing is just soooo draining.

 Wow. The last urlLink Friday Five of 2003. Where did the year go? What was your biggest accomplishment this year? Overcoming depression. The first few months of the year, I knew I was in a real funk. That's why I started looking for a house. I thought the process of doing something exciting that was positive for my future would snap me out of it. I was wrong. I think between that and a situation at work, I pushed myself over the edge. In the past, my body has always made it perfectly clear when it was time to pay attention to something I was ignoring. This time it used panic attacks. Now that was a new approach that got my attention. So I visited my primary doctor, got a prescription for Celexa and got myself into therapy. I know I don't talk about it here, but I am still in therapy and take Celexa everyday. The combination of the two have literally changed who I am. I feel like me again. What was your biggest disappointment? Work. Between the situation that sent me over the edge and my own struggle with my brain, it has been a hard and disappointing year at work. Will you be making any New Year's resolutions? Yes. One is to get my happy ass out of bed in the morning so I can get to work on time. Right now I am fine-tuning the specifics. Does that mean I should be ready to go by 8 a.m. like I used to or be at work at 8:30 a.m. which would mean I am "on time"? Where will you be at midnight? Do you wish you could be somewhere else? I'm thinking of having friends over to celebrate the evening, so I expect I'll be at home. When I was younger, I did the bar scene with my friends. Now I am content to stay home and play games or see a movie. So, no, I don't wish I could be somewhere else. Have more of my family and friend with me ~ now that I would like. Aside from (possibly) staying up late, do you have any other New Year's traditions? No. I have a single can of black eyed peas that I bought for the good luck thing years ago. I never remember to open them. Hmmm, maybe that explains these last few years! ; )

 I have finished books #27 ~ urlLink Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress and #28 ~ urlLink I Love Bad Boys (tales of erotic romance). Right now I am reading urlLink White Teeth by Zadie Smith. And for book #30, I splurged on a hardcover of urlLink In Her Shoes by Jennifer Weiner (she wrote urlLink Good in Bed , my favorite book of 2002).

 Can you sum up your 2002 in twenty words? I did at urlLink The Mayfly Project : sad. struggling. panic attacks. celexa. therapy. better. worse. much better. house. 37. taking chances. london. new me. hopeful for 2003.

 So, I've noticed what I would call blog cliques. It's like we all circulate in the same space. Read the same blogs. Link to each other. Comment to each other. And when I spin off to someone outside the circle, there's a whole new clique. And as I spin further and further out, I notice that we all pretty much bitch about the same things. It's a small big world.

 Well, mom and I made a contribution to the economy today. Love those 50% off sales! We started at Target, worked our way through Pier One, a Hallmark store and Linen's & Things before breaking for lunch. If I bought one Christmas gift bag, I bought 25. No, really. That was my goal for today. More gift bags. In the process I also bought table clothes, stuff to use if I decide to have a New Year's Eve shin-dig, etc... We picked up my Godmother and went to Olive Garden for lunch. Basically she orders whatever one of us has, so we all did soup & salad. I just love their salad. Then we went to Mervyn's and Foley's. I got a urlLink Hoover Floormate . I'll definitely try it out tomorrow on my kitchen and bathroom floors. Gina actually did really well, although my mom was really, really quiet. She cried at Starbucks this morning as we walked about what the future holds for Gina. They've been friends 50 years. It must be a bit like losing a part of your soul.

 The recap : My movie came on at 1 p.m. Mom came over at 3 p.m. and we exchanged gifts. We ate dinner about 6:15 p.m. It was pretty pleasant. My Godmother was really off. I fixed her plate for her and helped her open gifts. Made sure everything stayed together. She and my Godfather gave me a beautiful sapphire and diamond bracelet. Gina told me that "he was so proud of what he picked out for you." It's really lovely and makes me feel ashamed that I don't have tolerance for him. About 8 p.m., Sandy called to tell me know my Godson was looking for me. I pushed mom so that we could leave and in the end got to spend about an hour with them. "Them" being the bulk of her family. They've been like my sub-family for 25 years. Good God. I can't be that old! Antonio brought me my gift as soon as I got there. He picks the gifts out for me and had selected about a two-foot tall candle holder with a nice smelling candle. Sandy told me, "He thinks that's the color you should paint the entertainment center." It is a nice shade ... I got a couple of oohs and ahhs over his gifts, which is always a bonus. Plus we played Gina's game, which for ages 8 and older was tough for two 37-year-olds to figure out! In all, it really was a nice day. I have so many things to be grateful for this year. I feel blessed to have the life that I have. Really, it was just that one whiney moment, I swear.

 So. I called mom about 9 a.m. to see if she wanted to do breakfast with me, but she was busy wrapping. And besides, my favorite brother had just called and he's coming over on Saturday. My urlLink If You Believe movie did not come on at 11 a.m. like it was supposed to. I just talked to mom again. She's still wrapping. Oh, and dinner is not until 5:30 p.m. (which really means 6:15 or 6:30 p.m.) They are already "running behind." I'm at home alone and bored . Do I sound like I'm whining? Good. That was my goal. Now you see one of the reasons why I just don't get into the holiday spirit. It peeves me that by the time my friends (and Godson) are ready for visitors, we'll just barely be eating (then there is the break for dessert, then presents ... God only knows what time we'll be done. Not soon enough.). This is the last year. I swear. It's here in writing and you can call me on it next year if I'm whining the same old tune.

 Merry Christmas Y'all!

 Last night I watched a holiday favorite, urlLink The Santa Claus on the urlLink Disney Channel . Tinsel: It's not just for decorating anymore. Tomorrow I'll watch urlLink If You Believe on urlLink Lifetime . It's about an adult Susan who is visited by her youthful Susie. Together they work to re-ignite her passion for life and work. I think it's the "little Susie" bringing joy to the adult Susan that rings true for what I want for myself.

 Well, I left work about 10:15 a.m. Almost not worth the effort of getting up! Now I have the Christmas carols turned up loud, the eggnog and Jim Beam warming my belly and wrapping paper all over the place!

 Happy Christmas Eve! I am up this morning making a urlLink Farmer's Casserole to take for a work potluck this morning. Yeah, it's weird being off Monday and working on Christmas Eve, but we get off at 11 a.m. at the latest, so it's not worth the vacation day.

 I'm off today, so I've been finishing up some last minute errands. Thoughts on my morning: It is just wrong to have to run your car air conditioner on Dec. 23. Wrong. As I was making what should be my last gift purchase at Walgreen's (Sunbeam's heating lap blanket for mom), the cashier checked my driver's license, "This is a nice picture. It looks nothing like you." Hey, now ...

 I'm very excited. I got a surprise gift yesterday. While in London, we took in the urlLink Earth from Above photo exhibit outside the urlLink Museum of Natural History . It is a series of photos of the earth taken from a helicopter, plane or hot air balloon by urlLink Yann Arthus-Bertrand . It was a stunning display and I fell for one picture in particular: I collect hearts, so this one really spoke to mine. I bought a copy of the postcard at the exhibit thinking it would be quite frameable. Then yesterday I was gifted the book. Very, very exciting. The photos are lush and stunning. If you ever get the chance to see the display, go! If not, visit your local bookstore, grab a cuppa and find a chair (if for no other reason than the book is heavy !).

 Someone I know enjoys the site that urlLink Tis the Season originates from. I visit on occasion and found the December 18 Christmas advice to be particularly funny. Newsflash: there is no such thing as a token gift for Christmas between lovers.

 I'm a little ticked. This morning my Godfather called and told my mom that "they" had decided Christmas dinner would be at son #1's house and it would be late . Now, after I got over the initial shock of roasting my first turkey, I got into the idea of having them over for dinner. Figured I would do it up nice and show off a little. I've struggled with Christmas for a while now and I figure this year will be no different. I thought having them over would help the day go by quickly. My one caveat was that we would eat early . And by early I mean 2 p.m. They want late, which means 6 p.m. I HATE that. There are people I would like to see Christmas day. People with families to see and who are finally getting available at 6 p.m. I'm very frustrated by this. These are people we've spent every holiday with my entire life. I can pretty much recite the menu to you now because we have had the same basic meal for Thanksgiving and Christmas for my entire life. I am bored with these people, that menu and it makes the holidays no fun anymore. I tried asking my mom if we could just deliver our gifts on Christmas Eve and do something else on Wednesday, but that was a no go. God forbid we rock the boat (yet they can dictate what we do). I'm going to keep working on this because I am pretty fed up with this situation. It's my life dammit!

 Last night I finished urlLink Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress by Dai Sijie. It was good. I even recommended it to someone at the bookstore last night. I like to give books as gifts. I think everyone should love reading as much as I do. My Godson is getting urlLink Captain Underpants and the Wrath of the Wicked Wedgie Woman and his sister is getting urlLink The Bad Beginning . I had also bought urlLink Grossology , but I don't know that she'd like it, so I'm saving it for his birthday.

 Well, I'm on AIM now: saysmeblog. Say hey if you get the chance!

 Apparently, health is going to be a big issue for the urlLink Oprah magazine next year. Part of the January goal is to get you really thinking about yourself and your life (which always seems to be where I am in January). I'm going to work through her questions and thought maybe they would interest some of you too: Questions to Get You Going These questions may seem difficult to answer at first, but the point is to get you digging down to a place where your intentions become clear. Part of this exercise is to remind yourself about what youas opposed to everyone else around youneed in order to feel happy and fulfilled. If you don't make time for what matters to you, how can others value your importance? Who am I? How do I think of myself? What are my strengths and weaknesses? Who do I want to be? Why am I here? Why am I important? What is my mission? What am I missing? The time to read a book? A close friendship? What's my motivation for wanting to improve my food and exercise habits? If it's to look better, do I expect favorable results to bring love? Am I afraid of making changes or of taking risks (quitting a boring job, getting out of a bad relationship)? Do I fear failure or the responsibility that could come with success? Could I embrace change instead as an adventure? What has stopped me from keeping resolutions in the past? Is the obstacle (or obstacles) still present in my life? If so, how will I navigate it this time? When I'm tempted to wander off track, what could I say to myself, or do, to stick with the original plan? How can I build in support for myself? Ask a friend to be a health buddy? Join a walking club? What am I doing in my life that's hurting me? Smoking? Drinking too much? Letting work interfere with relationships? What are the sources of joy I need to feel whole? Am I happy?

 So are you like me? Has the season got you thinking about this year? Next year? I seem to get really reflective this time of year. Today I decided to go back and print out a year's worth of my blog. It was an interesting read. Some months came to 18, 19 or 20 pages. One came to seven. I looked back to this time last year (oops! ran that funny eggnogaholic poem last year too!). A year ago tomorrow, I picked out my favorites of the year: book, CD, movie. Favorite book: So far this year, I've read 27 books. Not as many as I thought. My favorite book was urlLink Good in Bed by Jennifer Weiner. I'm reading Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress, and I picked up another book tonight. My new goal is to make 30 books by 12/31. Favorite CD: urlLink Home by the Dixie Chicks. I love the bluegrassness of it and a couple of the songs especially spoke to me: A Home [excerpt] Not a night goes by I don't dream of wandering Through the home that might have been And I listened to my pride When my heart cried out for you Now every day I wake again In a house that might have been A home Guess I did what I did believing That love is a dangerous thing Oh but that couldn't hurt anymore than never knowing I Believe in Love I made a promise to myself Locked it away deep down inside Told my heart we'd wait it out Swore we'd never compromise Oh I'd rather be alone Like I am tonight Than settle for the kind of love That fades before the morning light Silence stared me in the face And I finally heard its voice It seemed to softly say That in love you have a choice Today I got the answer And there's a world of truth behind it Love is out there waiting somewhere You just have to go and find it I believe in love, I believe in love A love that's real, love that's strong Love that lives on and on Yes I believe in love Yes I believe in love A close second is Sting's urlLink All This Time . Favorite movie: As I was sitting here thinking about it, I almost decided on urlLink Real Women Have Curves . I thought it was a great, empowering movie. And then I remembered a sweet, heart-warming true story, urlLink Door to Door . Yep, a made-for-television urlLink TNT movie is the one I remember liking the most this year.

 While I was out shopping, I noticed there was no line at the Krispy Kreme. I decided to stop ~~ for the very first time. I walked in (to check out the selection), pointed at the glazed with holiday sprinkles. I'll have one of those. "One dozen?" No, just one. I must admit, she looked at me pretty funny.

 The urlLink Friday Five is back online! What holiday or holidays do you celebrate this time of year? Christmas. What was the best gift you have ever received? A bike. I was about 10. There's a polariod of me somewhere standing there with my mouth hanging open. I loved that bike. It's still in mom's garage. What was the worst gift you've ever given? A hairbrush to my mom. I was younger, still unable to shop by myself. She wanted a new one and I asked my Aunt Verna (she was my Godmother, but that's what I called her) to buy one for me. I carefully explained what she wanted and gave her some money, but she got the wrong one. I can still see the disappointment on my mom's face that year. I hope I've made up for it since then. Where will you be celebrating the holidays? Are you hosting? Going away? We will do Christmas at my house. Me, mom, my Godparents, their two sons and a daughter-in-law. Other friends have promised to stop by later in the afternoon. If you could spend the holidays with someone who isn't around, who would it be with? Why? Aunt Patsy and Uncle Fagen. Karla. And I'm sure there's at least one other ... ; )

 Elizabeth told me yesterday that they believe they have a ghost in their department. She regaled with me with a few of their stories (group and individual experiences). Today I came in to find a "Love Conquers All Things" piece of art I keep on a shelf on top of my monitor. I called to tell her to keep that ghost down in their department ...

 Whoo Hoo! I've got the urlLink Style channel back. First it was free, then it wasn't, now it's free again. urlLink Nigella ! I missed you so ...

 egads. My mom has volunteered my house for Christmas for the usual clan. No, unt-uh. I'm not hyperventilating.

 What it only takes 25 candy bars? urlLink Chocolate Bar A Sweet Prescription for Nasty Coughs . Amateurs .

 I've decided that maybe, just maybe, you can turn into an eggnogaholic.

 Book update : Before London, I tried to read urlLink The Corrections by Jonathan Franzen. Talk about your dysfunctional families. It was such a downer I couldn't finish it, even though some of my friends loved it. Go figure. Post London, I've finished urlLink Back When We Were Grownups by Anne Tyler. Again, another dysfunctional family, yet somehow they all seem to come together. I enjoyed it. Yesterday, I picked up urlLink Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress by Dai Sijie. I chose it based on a New York Times review. So far, so good.

 Santa keeps sending me little reminders of the season. Today I got one of those gifts that you can tell when the person found it they knew they hit the gift jackpot. Karla knows me well and matched my kitchen to boot! I also got a t-shirt from a friend. I'd share the message or a picture of me in it, but it might taint my innocent image! Thanks elfman! ; )

 urlLink Kate! Thank you so much for the Christmas card. What a pleasant surprise! Happy Holidays to you, Paul, Moira and Olivia!

 I just posted a recipe at urlLink What's for Dinner ?

 From the school nurse my mom works with: Holiday Eating Tips I hate this time of year. Not for its crass commercialism and forced frivolity, but because it's the season when the food police come out with their wagging fingers and annual tips on how to get through the holidays without gaining 10 pounds. You can't pick up a magazine without finding a list of holiday eating do's and don'ts. Eliminate second helpings, high calorie sauces, and cookies made with butter, they say. Fill up on vegetable sticks, they say. Good grief. Is your favorite childhood memory of Christmas a carrot stick? I didn't think so. It isn't mine, either. A carrot was something you left for Rudolph. I have my own list of tips for holiday eating. I assure you, if you follow them, you'll be fat and happy. So what if you don't make it to New Year's? Your pants won't fit anymore, anyway. 1. About those carrot sticks. Avoid them. Anyone who puts carrots on a holiday buffet table knows nothing of the Christmas spirit. In fact, if you see carrots, leave immediately. Go next door, where they're serving rum balls. 2. Drink as much eggnog as you can. And quickly. Like fine single malt scotch, it's rare. In fact, it's even rarer than single malt scotch. You can't find it any other time of year but now. So drink up! Who cares that it has 10,000 calories in every sip? It's not as if you're going to turn into an eggnogaholic or something. It's a treat. Enjoy it. Have one for me. Have two. It's later than you think. It's Christmas! 3. If something comes with gravy, use it. That's the whole point of gravy. Gravy does not stand alone. Pour it on. Make a volcano out of your mashed potatoes. Fill it with gravy. Eat the volcano. Repeat. 4. As for mashed potatoes, always ask if they're made with skim milk or whole milk. If it's skim, pass. Why bother? It's like buying a sports car with an automatic transmission. 5. Do not have a snack before going to a party in an effort to control your eating. The whole point of going to a Christmas party is to eat other people's food for free. Lots of it. Hello? 6. Under no circumstances should you exercise between now and New Year's. You can do that in January when you have nothing else to do. This is the time for long naps, which you'll need after circling the buffet table while carrying a 10-pound plate of food and that vat of eggnog. 7. If you come across something really good at a buffet table, like frosted Christmas cookies in the shape and size of Santa, position yourself near them and don't budge. Have as many as you can before becoming the center of attention. Don't leave them behind. You're not going to see them again. 8. Same for pies. Apple. Pumpkin. Mincemeat. Have a slice of each. Or, if you don't like mincemeat, have two apples and one pumpkin. Always have three. When else do you get to have more than one dessert? Labor Day? 9. Did someone mention fruitcake? Granted, it's loaded with the mandatory celebratory calories, but avoid it at all cost. I mean, have some standards! 10. And one final tip: If you don't feel terrible when you leave the party or get up from the table, you haven't been paying attention. Reread tips. Start over. But hurry! Cookieless January is just around the corner!

 Scary. I am at home alone on a Friday night. I bought a bottle of Jim Beam to spike my nog and someone sent me a tin of iced fudge brownies. I'm thinking it's not gonna be pretty. ; )

 I had a successful run to Toys 'R Us tonight. Actually, two separate stores waayyy across town from each other. One for Antonio's gift, the other for Gina's. Glad that's over with. Although the crowds were no comparison to Harrod's. Now that was a packed place! So, these were my first Christmas purchases. Two gifts down. Dozens to go. Whoo-Hoo! What an exciting weekend awaits me!

 Wowza. Sure I want to read book five, and soon. But urlLink $45,180 for a 93-word synopsis?

 urlLink What Your Sleeping Style Says ...

 Lookit! Lovely pictures of urlLink London ! Oh sure, they're urlLink not mine ... but just imagine me there!

 A funny British candy: Yorkie. Its not for women. Really. Says so on the package and everything. Even has the outline of a woman with the universal &Oslash; symbol through her. Luckily I got to taste it because Lee would slip me pieces when men werent watching. Shhh. Don't tell anyone.

 One of my most favorite sightings in London were Harry Potter adverts on the double decker buses. Either in the shape of a T or L, it featured a character and a memorable line from the movie. My favorite featured a horrified looking Ron saying, "Can we panic now?"

 So I am getting lots of "yeah, yeah, you snored blah, blah, blah what'd you see ?!" comments. Of the things considered touristy, here's what I saw (in no particular order): Marble Arch Notting Hill Kensington Gardens and the Peter Pan statue I walked the great shopping district of Oxford Circus and Regent Street I made purchases at urlLink Selfridges , urlLink Harrods and urlLink Fortnum & Mason I wandered through shops, including urlLink Hamleys and Waterstone's, Europes largest bookstore Picadilly Circus Chinatown Leicester Square Trocadero Trafalgar Square Downing Street Big Ben Westminster Cathedral Buckingham Palace Royal Albert Hall Kensington Palace Hard Rock Caf (got a pin for Kristy there) Mayfair area (The Ritz) London Eye Covent Garden St. Pauls Cathedral Tower of London Tate Modern St. James Place It was ten days of walking and looking and seeing things I didn't see last time. Of experiencing the city on a different level. It was grand and I enjoyed it and I wish I was still there. For the very reasons you might imagine.

 It's surreal. This morning I was in London. Now I am at home. *sigh* I am going to read a few blogs, have a huge bowl of pasta and hit the sack. And snoring. There will probably be snoring. I got to hear the audio proof. Being the good friend he is, Lee didn't want me going through life thinking I don't snore when I really do. So he recorded me snoring and played it back for me (in the middle of the night, mind you). After I quit laughing, I decided I sound more like a train engine than a jet plane ...

 Alas, my last post from London. I go home tomorrow morning and back to work on Tuesday. Just warning you now, I may be crabby for a while ...

 Ah, I've been upgraded to a rusty chainsaw (or would that be downgraded from a jet plane?). I think Lee looks forward to quiet sleeping when I leave next week ...

 Had a lovely visit with Howard and Pam yesterday. Alas, no sticky toffee pudding. The Christmas pudding was ok, but not quite the same. Howard looks fabulous considering all he's been through since I saw him three years ago. It sounds as if he leads a physically limited life, but he was quite cheeky and told us some funny stories (especially after his second glass of wine). Lee is a great conversationalist with strangers. I tend to be quite reserved around people I don't know well, even blood relatives. I think Howard is usually the same as me, but if I'd had a second glass of wine, I'd been a napping cousin! I envy the travels Pam and Howard have taken ... between their world trips and short holidays, they've been nearly everywhere. I'd just love to have a world map like Howard's ~ with pushpins in all of the cities he's visited. I should have taken a picture, but I don't think a photo would do the map justice. It was gorgeous yesterday, but cold and overcast today (with occasional sprinkles). I took a bus tour of the city. One of those hop-on hop-off guided tours. I love them. I took a break for a while and sat in a Starbucks (sorry Jeff) in Covent Gardens and watched the people go by. It made me think about how fulfilled I feel when I travel. We certainly haven't been doing the commando tourist thing, but just being here fills something in me that I can't quite explain.

 Today we'll have random thoughts in no order, k? The weather has been great. A little rain this morning, but otherwise the days have been sort-of sunny and brisk. Really quite nice. Just a few layers is all needed to be comfy during the day. Night is a little cooler, so I whip out the gloves and hat. It has been pretty perfect as far as I'm concerned. We're going to Wagamama's for dinner in a little while. I'll think of you Jeff ... We went to the Science Museum the other afternoon. Bond, James Bond is the main exhibit. We stopped to see Santa versus the Snowman in IMAX 3-D. I enjoyed it. Again, it's the kid-at-heart thing. I can stand in the shower, put my hands on my hips and touch the walls of the stall with my elbows. Otherwise, it's a nice, hot shower. When you sit to eat at a restaurant, they hand you the menu. When they come back, you'd better be ready to order. Forget this order a drink and have a few more minutes thing. I am so loving being in the city and just walking. It's such a different experience, to see life at sidewalk level instead of a bus or cab or car. It gives everything a whole new perspective. I still have the gaping mouth, not watching where I'm going problem. Really, I haven't gotten that far into intersections before noticing the oncoming car. Today we went to the Tate. It's modern art. And I use the term "art" loosely. There was one exhibit with a naked man in a mask and boxing gloves. He'd pour ketchup on himself and beat himself in the head. Yeah. It was that weird. Tomorrow we are going to see my cousins Howard and Pamela. I'm looking forward to seeing Howard again and meeting Pamela. He's promised to take me back to his favourite pub where I had my most favourite dessert last time: Sticky Toffee Pudding. I don't know what I'll do if they don't have it again! I think I have taken maybe three pictures max. What a louse I am. I really just don't think about it. Although today I did whip out the camera when we came out of the tube directly across the street from Big Ben. Awesome. Again, one of those moments when I think about how happy I am to be here.

 Yesterday we got to see a real slight of hand magic trick via some thieves who stole Lee's cellphone from the table we were sitting at (while we were sitting there!).

 A jet plane with asthma. Apparently I snore.

 Luckily, after we left the Starbucks Internet cafe yesterday, the rain went away and the sun came out. It was a glorious day. We walked through the Kensington Park over to Piccadilly Circus, Leicester Square and Trafalgar Square. I am such a tourist with my mouth hanging open and gawking. Lee has to make sure I don't walk out in front of cars. I ohh'd and ahh'd some in Fortnum & Mason and watched Lee play some games at the Trocadero. Let me just tell you now, if you ever see him with a gun in his hand, get out of his way. We walked through the National Gallery and had an early dinner there before seeing Harry Potter. I think it was my first movie sitting in a balcony. And yes, I enjoyed it as much the second time. And if Lee tells you he didn't jump when the spider grabbed Ron through the car window, he's lying.

 The good news is my flight was relatively uneventful. With the exception of stinky feet. It got so bad, the flight attendant walked though our area and asked people to put their shoes back on. It was pretty odoriferous. Last night we went to a Vivaldi concert at urlLink St. Martin-in-the-Fields . The church was bathed in candlelight. I thought the acoustics were fabulous and really enjoyed it. Right now we're in a Starbucks with an Internet cafe. Something like this could be quite addictive for someone like me. Surfing the web while drinking flavored coffee. Pretty close to heaven.

 To blog or not to blog? That's the question I've been pondering the last month or so. I've been asking myself, why do I blog? It's certainly evolved over the past 18 months from journaling about my mom's cancer into something that resembles a diary. I find that what I do here is not fulfilling for me anymore. And, I'm not sure how to change it into something that is or if I even want to try. So, saysme is going on hiatus ... which may eventually turn into a permanent retirement. Now, go on. There are lots of other really fabulous reads out there. Ive got a whole list over there on the left of really fun, smart, witty people. I especially recommend you visit some of my favorites: urlLink Lee , urlLink Kate , urlLink Joanie . Thanks for stopping by. &hearts; ~ me

 It's time for the 2003 urlLink Bloggies !!! Remember, for this contest, a "weblog" is a page with dated entries that has a purpose (in whole or in part) of linking to other sites. For instance, sites that are intended to be just personal journals (like mine) or site news pages are not eligible. Go, urlLink now and nominate your favorite blog! And don't forget to go back on Thursday, January 23 to vote !

 Happy New Year!! Best wishes to everyone for a happy, healthy and prosperous 2003!

 1. What is your favorite type of literature to read (magazine, newspaper, novels, nonfiction, poetry, etc.)? Yes. Oops. I mean, all of the above . Except for poetry. 2. What is your favorite novel? Gosh, there are so many to choose from. Probably urlLink The Red Tent . I also love urlLink Jennifer Weiner . 3. Do you have a favorite poem? (Share it!) No. I almost bought myself a book of poetry for Valentine's. Instead I bought urlLink Finding What You Didn't Lose , so maybe I'll write some of my own. 4. What is one thing you've always wanted to read, or wish you had more time to read? I read every night. Be it a book or magazine. I wish I made more time to write. 5. What are you currently reading? I just finished urlLink I Don't Know How She Does It: The Life of Kate Reddy, Working Mother . A fun read.

 For those of you who have come here googling the Hoover FloorMate, heres my review: easy to put together, harder to disassemble and return to the store. The cleaning capabilities were nearly nil. Plus, I now have permanent marks on the floor where I had to hover to get spots up from. It did not clean my vinyl tile or ceramic tile the way I wanted. I expected shiny, clean floors and basically they looked the same when I finished. I was really, really disappointed.

 urlLink Happy Birthday Elizabeth! For the record, I miss you already.

 Mom had her 11th radiation treatment today, so she's now over halfway through! She did have a bloody nose yesterday, but that's one of the side effects that will get worse before it gets better. Thankfully the first two weeks have gone quickly.

 Kudos to California and now, New York City: urlLink smoke-free bars and restaurants . Ah, one can dream, right?

 When I was a child, I had a security pillow. I carried that pillow with me everywhere. Everywhere . My mom used to sneak it away from me to wash the pillow case or stick some additional stuffing (see, I used it as a pillow in addition to carrying it around). I remember my first day of Kindergarten (almost 5-years-old) having someone ask me, "What's that?" I was dumbfounded that everyone didn't have one. Eventually I worked up to leaving the pillow in the car during school days. Once, we had an accident and mom forgot to get the pillow out of the car before it went into the shop. I was so miserable ~ no substitute would appease me ~ that mom finally went to the garage to rescue my pillow. When I was 13 (yes, 13 ! I grew up in a simpler era), my niece was born. I remember going into my mom's room late one night ~ after much debate and pondering ~ to tell her I'd decided that since the baby didn't need a pillow like mine, maybe I didn't either. Flash Forward 23 years. Last year, I started to have the urge to sleep with a teddy bear. Perhaps I'd been single to long. Perhaps I needed to feel a sense of security in my life when things seemed to be falling apart. I talked to my therapist about it and she said, "Who says we ever need to grow-up?" It really was in the midst of a lot of turmoil, so when I mentioned it to my mom, she ran out and found one for me ~ at a thrift store. It was huge. I tried it, it seemed to work. Then we visited a friend in Sugar Land and I rifled through her stash to borrow a bear for the night. Hers was just the right size. That week ~ one year ago ~ I went out and bought Schlep (named thus by urlLink Gund ). urlLink I paid more than I would ever imagine paying for a stuffed animal. But, he still sleep with me every night. He travels when I travel (even to urlLink London ). Do I feel like a dork at 37 and still sleeping with a teddy bear? No. Everyone needs a sense of security now and again. Especially now.

 The urlLink Question(s) of the Week from urlLink Sara : About your town I'm coming to visit your town. Recommend the following, with reasons why I should go to these places in urlLink San Antonio : The best restaurant, the one I have to eat at, at least once, while I'm in your town. Apparently urlLink Restaurant Le Reve is *the* place to go. The French restaurant has been lauded in Gourmet, Wine Spectator, Southern Living and The New York Times as one of the top in the state. It is one of only two restaurants in Texas to be awarded three stars by Texas Monthly. Now, if I were recommending a place to a friend or family member, you can be certain it would be Mexican Food (because no trip to San Antonio is complete without some Mexican food and a urlLink Big Red , beer or margarita!). I would probably send you to urlLink Rio Rio . Not because I eat there a lot, but because they offer huge platters of good food and if it's a nice day outside you can sit alongside the River Walk. The best place to relax and take in some people watching. (please don't say the mall!) Come during urlLink Fiesta ~ April 19-27. The city takes a week off to party (our own version of Mardi Gras). You will find a wealth of places and events to people watch: urlLink Fiesta Arts Fair , urlLink A Taste of New Orleans , urlLink Fiesta del Mercado , urlLink Texas Cavaliers River Parade , urlLink A Night in Old San Antonio (NIOSA), urlLink Cornyation , urlLink Battle of Flowers Band Festival , urlLink Battle Of Flowers Parade , urlLink Fiesta Oyster Bake during the day, urlLink King William Fair , urlLink Fiesta Flambeau Parade and much more! I try to do one Fiesta event a day during the 10-day party. The best place to take kids to have some fun. urlLink Sea World of Texas or urlLink Six Flags . urlLink The San Antonio Zoo . urlLink The Institute of Texan Cultures . urlLink The Buckhorn Saloon and Museum . urlLink San Antonio Children's Museum . The best nightclub or date place for my hubby and I to have some time alone . Come between Thanksgiving and Christmas and walk along the urlLink San Antonio River Walk . The trees are strung with thousands of lights and luminarias line the walkways. Veree romantice! The absolute best hotel to stay in while I'm there! urlLink The Hotel Valencia . You will find nothing else like it in San Antonio. Are you packed yet?

 I know how urlLink Dawn feels. Sometimes I think there's an echo around here ... but personally, I really don't want the BIG F - U!

 Can you tell I had too much coffee yesterday? Post. Post. Post.

 Kind of like a giant urlLink swap meet .

 urlLink BookCrossing ~ working to make the whole world a library.

 urlLink The 1000 Journal Project

 CNN reporter urlLink Kevin Sites asked to suspend war blogging.

 urlLink 20 things. 20 people. 20 days.

 urlLink 7 Habits of Highly Effective Bloggers

 If you have urlLink HBO , take the time to watch urlLink Normal . Cause you know, none of us are.

 Last night, I found the urlLink Calorie King via urlLink Toxic Pink . Very cool, and it's free!

 ok, because the urlLink current crush is so great, I'm going to copy her now ... she did urlLink googlism . I did urlLink googlism . Dang. There are a lot of these. I only picked a few... susan is a very gifted intuitive artist (well, I wouldn't go that far) susan is my name (so don't wear it out!) susan is always with me (I'm often grateful my head is actually attached) susan is a very beautiful woman and she seems nice (gosh, thanks) susan is famous (among two or three) susan is right (almost always) susan is looking for? i'm looking the guy who are honest (and funny. funny would be good.) susan is an acronym for smallest univalue segment assimilating nucleus (who knew?) susan is frank (always. although I try to pick my words carefully) susan is on vacation (susan wishes) susan is the director of the school of flirting (now that is a total lie) susan is now being added to the star (thank you, thank you!) susan is appearing in your area (right here on this blog) susan is new to the escort world (again, who knew?!) susan is hesitant to commit (*sigh*)

 Dammit. My Godmother (with onset dementia) fell the night before last. Apparently, she looks like crap. Stitches on her face, bruises, swollen and everything. She was to come with us today to the art project, but she doesn't want to be seen in public. I didn't know this until this morning, but I had a very vivid dream last night about being with her in a library (where we are working today) and getting into a fight with my Godfather that she needed better care. The project is right near her house, so I'm going to take her some flowers on my way.

 Sometimes I'm just not sure what amazon.com is trying to tell me. Based on their recommendations today, I think they're telling me I need to go on a diet: The Business Plan for the Body Get with the Program! Eat, Drink, and Be Healthy The Fat Flush Plan I swear I didn't look at anything diet related!

 Do you ever get blog crushes? I've got one bad right now for urlLink ljc blog . I just like the look, the content, the layout, the links, the little caricatures that I assume are designed to look like her. She's cool. Go check her out. Are you still here? Go!

 Wow, magic. The instant I send an e-mail complaining the my posts aren't publishing they publish. Now I'll look like a ding-dong when they get that message. Oh well, like that's new.

 urlLink The Friday Five : 1. What was your most memorable moment from the last week? Tuesday as a whole was a pretty good day. I was in a fabulous mood all day long. 2. What one person touched your life this week? Actually, my boss did on Monday when she acknowledge me during staff meeting for how Ive handled this transition of my favorite project to someone else (today is my last official day). 3. How have you helped someone this week? I try to do something every day. Answer someones question. Help figure something out. Offer a compliment. Open a door. One thing Ive done this week might seem odd. We have the Cow Parade going on in San Antonio. There is one cow in front of my office that I just love. It had been struck by vandals too often. Last week it was taken in for repairs. This week it has been attacked again and some of the repairs broken again. Each night I have picked up those pieces and yesterday I called the Cow Hospital to let them know I have them. May seem silly, but I really like that cow. 4. What one thing do you need to get done by this time next week? Some writing for work. 5. What one thing will you do over the next seven days to make your world a better place? I will volunteer tomorrow with children on an art project. This will be my third time (probably out of five) to work this particular project for our librarys centennial. It is so much fun and kids need to know that adults ~ outside of their family ~ care about them.

 what's up with blogger?

 come on blogger, help a girl out ...

 post dammit.

 A few years ago, the "black sheep" of my mom's family passed away. Uncle Robert had extracted himself from the family years before, but in the end rallied the troops when he knew he was dying. We knew he'd died of cancer, but never knew what kind. When we visited the radiologist, he recommended we get a death certificate and find out for sure. It arrived today. He died of lymphoma. Needless to say, that's a little too close for comfort for me. Earlier in the day, Sandy called to let me know an old friend's father died yesterday. Roberto and Sandy dated in high school and college. I was always the third wheel. I told her I thought I would go to the funeral. She said she might ask her husband to go. We laughed that it would be the same old thing ~ me with her date. Oh, and when I looked up the cemetery online, I read that someone we graduated high school with is the manager of the cemetery. His nickname was Smile because he was such a funny, smiling guy. And now he works at a cemetery. Funny how life works out. I also found out today that my ex-fiance has gotten married. There was an immediate thunk in my stomach, but then I looked at her picture and thought, "Oh, she's cute" and it all passed very quickly. I'm glad for that. And, hey, my friend Jeff is an extra in urlLink The Alamo shoot tomorrow! Whoo-hoo! I know a famous person!

 urlLink Stop having sex, for my sake. Please. Mmmm. Wonder what that average is for couples in their 30's. I'm pretty sure I could never catch up now ...

 urlLink I &hearts; urlLink David Robinson . Tonight was our hometown urlLink Tribute to David Robinson . It would be easy to sit here and list his on-the-court stats and awards. There are so many . urlLink Trust me, the list will surprise you . But really, it's his character, principles, faith, integrity and class that he lives by off-the-court that are his greatest tribute. I met David once. I found him to be gracious, self-deprecating and generous with his time. A true gentleman. His philanthropic causes run deep in our city. I am proud that he has chosen to continue his post-career life in San Antonio. And you can see how his best qualities influence our team. They are a fine group of men who live simple lives in our quiet community. It was something to watch grown men [teammates] wipe away tears as they spoke of him earlier. And when they said, "I love you," it wasn't in the beer commercial "I love you man" tease. Other teams may respect each other as teammates. Some, I think, only tolerate each other. Tonight, you could feel their genuine affection for each other. Sure, we may be the milk-and-cookies team of the league. But with the values our players live by in this community ~ on and off the court ~ I wouldn't have it any other way. I'll miss you Admiral. urlLink League catches up to Robinson's farewell tour urlLink Retiring Robinson is the center of attention

 Funny, I was thinking about something I wanted to post while driving home tonight. The urlLink very first blog I read is talking about the same subject. Talking about what we can't talk about. One of my friends was recently divorced. She called me today and talked about how happy she is now. How people have noticed. That she feels guilty for feeling so good. I told her, "Well you were probably processing all of this before the divorce actually happened." She said, "Yeah, I was so lonely for so long." I had no idea. It made me wonder why we can't talk about things like this as we go through them, only once we reach the upward swing.

 From my friend Sue: urlLink The urlLink Floral Flag is 740 feet wide and 390 feet high and maintains the proper Flag dimensions as described in Executive Order #10834. This Flag is 6.65 acres and is the first Floral Flag to be planted with 5 pointed Stars comprised of White Larkspur. Each Star is 24 feet indiameter; Each Stripe is 30 feet wide. This Flag is estimated to contain more than 400,000 Larkspur plants with 4-5 flower stems each for a total of more than 2 million flowers. You can drive by this flag on V Street south of Ocean Ave. in Lompoc, CA.

 Mom visited with Dr. Eyre during her sixth treatment this morning. He said that her nose is a little too red for this stage of the game. I told her that I took a good look at it last night and it seemed to be the same level of red as when she started. "Well he sees something different." Um. ok.

 If you've been around a while, you know about my urlLink Bejeweled addition. Well, tonight I knocked it up a notch or two. urlLink Cinema Sequence . Six degrees of separation on speed. Love it!

 Have you heard that little rumble? A low grumbling noise. Louder. Incessant. You glance around. "What could that be?" you mutter to yourself. "Thunder?" It's growing annoying. More aggravating. This low, heavy, rolling sound ... Well. Get used to it. My bathing suit arrived today. The running and screaming has begun. *sigh* And wouldn't you know I had a peppermint shake at dinner? (At a fundraiser for the urlLink Susan G. Komen Foundation Race for the Cure ~ so the sacrifice was for a worthy cause).

 My TV does not want me watching the urlLink Academy Awards , so I am "watching" via urlLink Enhanced TV . Thus far, I suck at this game. The urlLink winners . The urlLink photos .

 I love this time of year. Nice, mild temperatures. Sunny, balmy days. Windows and doors open. [Someone recently accused me of bragging about the weather. Yeah, and what of it?! ; ) ] And the smell of the lovely Texas Mountain Laurel: urlLink This is the tree in my neighbor's front yard. It smells so yummy. Like grape soda. I have a much smaller set of twigs in my yard, years younger than my neighbor's, but mine has about six blooms on it. I also had to make a run to Target for my fix of Brach's Chocolate Covered Marshmallow Rabbits. It has absolutely been my favorite candy for years and years. I may boink up about 10 pounds between now and Easter, but it is so worth it! [Although my therapist said we will more aggressively address the weight issue post-Easter.]

 Now I recognize that when I go here I may cause a war of the words with urlLink Yvonne , but I just can't help myself ... urlLink Go urlLink Spurs urlLink Go ! Whoot! Another win today and a season sweep over the Lakers! urlLink It's usually not good for the San Antonio Spurs when the words "Lakers'' and "sweep'' appear in the same sentence. Not this year. The Spurs beat Los Angeles 98-89 Sunday to complete a four-game regular-season sweep of the defending NBA champions.

 I did this recently, but this one is way more specific: urlLink What are you carrying around? What are you carrying in your purse ladies? Yup, everything, from that lipstick you keep meaning to replace to how many pictures you have of your kids or family in your wallet. Keys, nail file? All credit cards, ID cards, and the bills and change too. Still with the small Target purse: small cellphone Handspring Visor Mont Blanc pen in leather case Checkbook L'Oreal Endless Perpetual Plum Bobbie Brown Deep Lip Palette new business card of Debi, my hair stylist shu uemura eyelash curler two hairclips Nikon Coolpix 3100 (in soft bag) Nine West wallet with: drivers license and donor card, graduation picture of Elizabeth's daughter, Tip Table card, ATM/debit card, work credit card, two personal credit cards, Hallmark Preferred Member card, Southwest Airlines Rapid Rewards card, AAdvantage card, Sam's Club, two health insurance cards, AT&T phone card, car insurance card, co-workers business card, one dollar bill, one nickel and one penny.

 Yep. The more I see this new design, the more I like it. It's a better reflection of where I am in my life now. Muchas gracias urlLink Lee . The next round of margarita's is on me.

 The ultimate blind date: " urlLink Dinner in the Dark ."

 Good Lord. urlLink 28 baby girls found in suitcases on Chinese bus .

 You're not going to find much commentary here on the war. Not my style. I was raised in a house where I learned we don't discuss politics, religion or money. So this is aimed at the television news coverage. The war coverage smells a lot like the last presidential election. Too many false headlines. Too much jumping the gun. One station reports one thing. Another reports the rank opposite. While at times I think it is great to have the media there, I just wish they would remember the lesson learned and promise made: hold off running a story unless it is a proven and verified fact.

 Thanks to urlLink Mr. Stewart for the redesign. And the poem.

 Monkey I am a little monkey. I swing from trees all day. I like pie.

 Frankly, I think it's a little frivolous to have the urlLink 75th Annual Academy Awards ceremony tomorrow night. Sure, it might be a nice break from actual war coverage, but I wouldn't want to be the person accepting an award while soldiers are being killed. I also don't want to be the person stuck listening to the opinions of actors spouting off their beliefs about the war.

 urlLink "If I live to be 100 years old I will still think of them everytime I close my eyes and smile. If I never spoke with them again, I would wonder how they were, if they were happy and pray to God every night to keep them safe and healthy." I have people who live in my heart just like that.

 urlLink Go Goddess!

 While I was at urlLink amazon looking for the book link for the last post, I noticed something new. It's the "Answer the following question correctly and we'll put a nickel in your Amazon account" game. And the questions are really hard . Complete the sentence: "In Amazon.com Books, we offer..." a 30% discount on over 100,000 titles a 100,000% discount on over 30 titles "How many offers will you find in your Amazon.com Gold Box, which features ten new items daily?" 10 3 Um ... wow! I didn't know they offered a 100,000% discount! Cool!

 I am reading the book urlLink Prozac Nation by Elizabeth Wertzel. Another surprise that has not been what I expected it to be. I've found it to be grittily honest, yet not, well, depressing. She had parents and psychiatrists who really sucked. She experienced this before the inundation of anti-depressants that exist today. She struggled through life as best she could. Frankly, I am amazed that she is still alive. As someone who's had a brush with depression, I was kind of hesitant to read the book. I thought it would be a real downer. If anything else, it's made me grateful that I got help when I did. Elizabeth writes a bittersweet truth that is vaguely familiar. Sometimes I nod my head and think oh, yeah . Other times I think, Oh God, this poor girl . The writing is so poignant, you can feel the painful truth in her voice.

 urlLink How to improve a man's aim.

 urlLink "It could be so devastating for (Letterman) that he can't be a funny man -- he can't think of the quips because of the pain,'' he said. The painful rash caused by shingles typically lasts three to five weeks . It's so painful, they say, that even bending over can be problematic. Shingles can be so pernicious it can change people's lives. Some who've had shingles find it difficult to sleep or even eat for years. The first sign of shingles is a tingling, itch, or stabbing pain on the skin. Within days a rash of raised dots appears. It develops into small fluid-filled blisters that generally begin to dry out and crust over within several days. Ouch. Poor urlLink Dave .

 Damn TV. It's getting pretty selective in what it's letting watch these days. I made it through Alias and Monsters Ball ok. Last night I got to watch for hours. Today? Nothing. Plus, I took a short nap, so you may be stuck with me surfing and blogging all night long! ok, I can't resist ... All night long! (All night) All night long! (All night) All night long! (All night) All night long! (All night) Yeah, once you get started You can't sit down Come join the fun it's a merry go round Everyone's blogging their troubles away Come join our party See how we play! urlLink Go Lionel, Go Lionel ...

 From my brother, Jack, about his daughter: I think most of you know that Shannon has an Internet gift box business. When the Iraq situation was developing she created a military gift box site to show her support for military members, urlLink Operation SmileBox . Since the beginning of military action she has been inundated with people who want to show their support for the military by sending a gift box to a military member, but they don't know anybody in the military. So, if you know a member of the military or have friends or neighbors who have a military member, they can sign up under the "Know a Solider to be Adopted" link to have a gift box donated by a concerned citizen sent to their military member. Shannon can't guarantee that every name she gets will receive one of these boxes, but as long as she has concerned citizens donating the gift boxes she will be sending them to the military members in the order she gets their name. Shannon was featured on the local urlLink Fox affliate this morning, and now their homepage is just a direct link to her website!

 The boss called at 2:45 p.m. to say we could leave. I drove home with the windows down and the sunroof open. Now my doors and windows are open, letting the warm air and sunshine in. For the official first day of Spring, here's the urlLink Friday Five (however unrelated to Spring!): 1. If you had the chance to meet someone you've never met, from the past or present, who would it be? I'm gonna go with the first name that popped into my head ~ even though it may not be true ~ my dad. 2. If you had to live in a different century, past or future, which would it be? Um, I kinda like where I am now. 3. If you had to move anywhere else on Earth, where would it be? I like the States, so I would probably stay here. Maybe somewhere in the mid-west (Kansas City) or northwest (Seattle area). 4. If you had to be a fictional character, who would it be? urlLink Nancy Drew . I loved her books as a kid and I think there's a part of me that wishes I could be a detective. The nosey part of me! 5. If you had to live with having someone else's face as your own for the rest of your life, whose would it be? Hmph. I'm gonna have to think on this one.

 "On the court, he plays like a Chihuahua on Ritalin." Bwhahahahahaha!

 NBA's San Antonio Spurs Have French Connection By Sam Walker, Wall Street Journal If there's one place a Frenchman might want to keep a low profile, it's here in San Antonio. This is the heart of Bush country, after all, a cowboy town surrounded by military bases and anchored by the Alamo, which isn't exactly a monument to peaceful disarmament. Nevertheless, one of the brightest lights in the National Basketball Association these days is point guard Tony Parker of the San Antonio Spurs. For a kid of only 20, he's turning heads with the kind of telepathic court presence that only comes along once in a blue moon. Or more appropriately, a lune bleue. He's a French citizen. As a rule, basketball arenas are lousy places to talk geopolitics, or anything else that might suck the bubbles out of a cold beer. But here at the SBC Center this week, opinions about war in Iraq and, more to the point, the French opposition, were not difficult to come by. "Sit down and start taking notes," says Johnny Pace, a Spurs fan in a white Stetson who is no friend of Jacques Chirac. To summarize: He thinks we should chop down the Statue of Liberty and ship it back to France on a garbage barge. But when the subject turns to Mr. Parker, who is possibly the only guy in the building with a French passport, all of that outrage melts like a Popsicle in Pecos. "You can't judge a man by his country." The Fries Are Still French Before the game Tuesday night, the scene was anything but neutral. Fans, waiting to be wanded, stood patiently in long lines all over the plaza. American flags flapped above pickup trucks and a loudspeaker blasted a jingoistic new country ballad. Inside, however, it might as well have been Bastille Day: French fries at the concession stands were still thusly named. Tony Parker jerseys hung from the racks. Lovestruck teenage girls carried "Oui Love U Tony" signs. And during player introductions, the pride of Paris got the loudest ovation of all. To be honest, Tony Parker is not as French as they come. He's actually part American: His father was a college player turned journeyman European pro. But even though he was born in Belgium to a Dutch mother, Tony spent most of his childhood in Paris where by 15, he was scooped into the French national hoops program. Two years ago, after flirting with the idea of college ball in the U.S., he entered the NBA draft. On the court, he plays like a Chihuahua on Ritalin. Quick to the point of blurriness, he is constantly driving and dishing and streaking through traffic. He scored 21 points in a loss to the New York Knicks this week and has boosted his numbers across the board from last season, when he was named to the NBA's All-Rookie team. "Sometimes we forget he's just a kid," says teammate Danny Ferry. For years, Europe has been considered a fine place to scout for big men, but hardly a breeding ground for great ballhandlers. Point guards, the thinking goes, should come from the muscular playgrounds of New York and Oakland -- places where kids graduate from the school of jukes, tattoos and elbows. But all that is starting to change. Turns out players in the French system actually practice more often and are still expected to listen to their coaches. So unlike most American prodigies, Mr. Parker came to the NBA with excellent fundamentals and a strong team ethic. Not to mention oodles of charisma and a little basketball savoir-faire that makes everything he does on the court seem effortless and stylish. Focusing on Wins Don't get me wrong, though. The kid knows the NBA game. Forget that he might be the fastest player in the league, he's also an aggressive slasher and a creative passer who's clearly cocky enough to take control on the floor. In short, he's part John Wayne and part Maurice Chevalier -- an allegory, perhaps, of what happens when French and American cultures collide. Or better yet, collaborate. Given the war, the Spurs are understandably skittish about the whole French connection, especially with the team (49-17) steaming toward the playoffs. Players say they have not broached the subject of the war in any meetings and have no plans to do so. "We're winning right now," says backup guard Steve Smith. "Nobody wants to ruffle any feathers." For his part, Mr. Parker has very little to say about Iraq or France or the feud between his two nations. "I'm sorry, but I don't really talk about it much," he says. That's just fine by fans like Ray Van Beveren, an Air Force vet whose son is an Army lieutenant awaiting orders. He doesn't hold Mr. Parker accountable for the actions of the French government, he says, but that would change in a hurry if the point guard "started sounding like the Dixie Chicks." For now, though, Tony is just another member of the Spurs and a beloved one at that. Cindy Perkins is just as peeved as anybody at the French, but that didn't stop her from spending $30 that night on a Tony Parker jersey. She bought it, she explains, to focus on the positive contributions the French have made to the world. And right now, she says, "Tony is about the only good thing coming out of France."

 In case you like independent films, I wanted to share this little bit of text from an e-mail from Jeff. Here's what he saw at urlLink sxsw : last week was the sxsw film festival -- i think this is the sixth year i've been (maybe fifth). some good films, one really bad one (richard linklater really disappointed me, but it was his very first film so i won't hold it against him), and many more i wanted to see but didn't have time. went to the u.s. premier of " urlLink phone booth " and director joel schumacher was there to talk about it afterwards. interesting how the movie can keep the tension the whole time but basically stay in one location. and kiefer sutherland's bad guy is kinda funny. some other films that you should see are: " urlLink a mighty wind " -- directed by christopher guest, everyone in the theatre laughed out loud the entire film. it's a "mockumentary", so it may not be your kind of film, but give it a try. urlLink "where's the party yaar?" -- entirely indian cast (like, from india), shot in houston. very funny and a good story. will be in amc theatres in aug/sept. " urlLink go further " -- documentary about woody harrelson and "simple organic living". after watching it i can see being vegetarian, doing yoga and making purchases with the environmental impact in mind. i don't know where you would see this, but it is interesting if you get a chance.

 Mighty Girl writes: urlLink Womens Fashion: Part V, Releasing Your Inner Slut .

 An observation of the men's room. I've noticed that quite frequently I see a man from another floor in my building entering or exiting the men's room. This really intrigues me. Is that they need to take a dump and don't want to do it in the restroom on their floor? Lest someone who knows them "hears" it?

 Forgot to mention yesterday ~ between getting my hair highlighted and the start of war ~ that mom's second treatment went really well. She left work at 11:25 a.m. and was back at her desk at 11:45 a.m. Yes, it's that close. They were ready for her when she walked in. How great is that? Well, great enough that she didn't even have a headache yesterday.

 urlLink Kevin Sites is a CNN journalist blogging from Iraq.

 I had an old friend write me from classmates.com. Our 20th reunion is this year, so I suspect hes checking in to see if Im going. Or rather, hes checking to see if Sandy is going. He was really her friend. He and I talked on the phone and such. Basically he kept in touch with her via me. We were always semi-friends. If she hadnt been there, the school quarterback certainly wouldnt have been friends with me. Its been nearly a week since I got the e-mail and I havent written him back yet. Which is out of the ordinary for me. I usually respond right away or at least within a day or two. Last time I talked with him was just after our 10th reunion. I dont remember what it was, but I mailed something totally innocuous to his house. I even remember sticking in a note that said, Tell [insert wifes name here] I said hi! Afterwards, he called to ask me not to send him things. He didnt want to upset his new wife. At that point wed known each other over 10 years. Totally ever only semi-friends. I havent talked to him since. I know I could come up with some chitchat via e-mail, but I just dont wanna. He disappointed me. Maybe us creeping up on 40 would make a difference in who he has turned out to be. But I doubt it.

 Well, I bought a urlLink bathing suit . Let the running and screaming away from the Aladdin poolside commence.

 I promise I am going to bed soon and will quit all this incessant posting ... but I just couldn't resist this funny I got from Jessica: The following in an excerpt from a children's book, " urlLink Captain Underpants and the Perilous Plot of Professor Poopypants " by Dave Pilkey. The evil Professor forces everyone to assume new names... Use the third letter of your first name to determine your new first name: a = poopsie b = lumpy c = buttercup d = gidget e = crusty f = greasy g = fluffy h = cheeseball i = chim-chim j = stinky k = flunky l = boobie m = pinky n = zippy o = goober p = doofus q = slimy r = loopy s = snotty t = tulefel u = dorkey v = squeezit w = oprah x = skipper y = dinky z = zsa-zsa Use the second letter of your last name to determine the first half of your new last name: a = apple b = toilet c = giggle d = burger e = girdle f = barf g = lizard h = waffle i = cootie j = monkey k = potty l = liver m = banana n = rhino o = bubble p = hamster q = toad r = gizzard s = pizza t = gerbil u = chicken v = pickle w = chuckle x = tofu y = gorilla z = stinker Use the fourth letter of your last name to determine the second half of your new last name: a = head b = mouth c = face d = nose e = tush f = breath g = pants h = shorts i = lips j = honker k = butt l = brain m = tushie n = chunks o = hiney p = biscuits q = toes r = buns s = fanny t = sniffer u = sprinkles v = kisser w = squirt x = humperdinck y = brains z = juice

 Women artists sharing their story: urlLink Another Girl at Play.

 Interesting question at urlLink Dirty Questions : When is it appropriate to sleep with someone a friend is/has been sleeping with? Mmmm. I can sum that up in one word. Ewww....

 Found over at urlLink Peppermint Tina's : urlLink Dear American Hero...

 Click on the picture to see my Tampa album at urlLink ImageStation . The pictures aren't perfect because it was my first time out using the camera, and I had the size too large for editing down purposes. You do have to have a ImageStation membership to view the album. Anyone know of an easy, free way to display pictures that doesn't require folks to sign-in?

 I don't own a bathing suit. I've decided there are some things that are best left sight unseen. Apparently beach-goers in Tampa have more self-confidence in their bodies than I do. We certainly saw more than one misplaced bikini. I guess there's something to be said in thinking "I'll never see any of these people again." Hmmm. Maybe when I go to Vegas. I also loved the retirees. Tanned to the point that they are just daring skin cancer to pay a visit. Out for their daily stroll in their swimsuit, socks and walking shoes. There was one I just had to take a picture of. In his Speedo and mid-calf socks. I'll bet he has an interesting tan line! He's over there on the left. On the far right is my traveling compadre, Linda. She was trying to be a distraction him so I could get a snap of blue Speedo guy.

 Geez, Louise. Either I am going to have to give-up on uploading photos into my online photo album or I am going to have to upgrade from my dial-in modem. Yeah, I know in today's society I should be embarrassed by my 56K, but I'm such a cheapo.

 I'm going to Vegas! I'm going to Vegas! Who wants to go?! Imagine this sung in a sing-songy voice ... I'm going to a conference at Caesar's Palace for a few days ~ plus I am going to go up early and relax a few days at the Aladdin!

 Mom had her first radiation treatment this morning. She went by herself because the center is just five minutes from where she works. It would be about an hour round trip for me to join her. She said that it went well. Dr. Eyre was at the facility for her first treatment. They had to make some minor adjustments to her mask to make certain it fit properly. The treatment was about a minute she said. Afterwards she had a tiny headache that lasted about an hour. She raved about how close it is now to her work. About the brand-new facility and the free parking. Her appointments are at 11:30 a.m., Monday through Friday for the next four weeks.

 I saw urlLink Monster's Ball on urlLink HBO tonight. It was not at all what I expected it to be. I thought Halle gave an amazing performance of Leticia. And while I've never been a big fan of Billy Bob, I thought he was powerful also. I think this is one of those movies that is difficult to define by "like," but I do think it was an excellent, well-made movie.

 A lesson from this evening that I'd like to share ... If you have a mobile phone, make certain your name is visible. Preferably on the very first screen. Then, make sure you have an entry named "Mom." Thus making it very simple for the grocery store clerk that finds your phone to call said mom, who in turn can call you to let you know where your phone is. Not that you've noticed it missing. Very good system, indeed.

 I finished urlLink Kick Me: Adventures in Adolescence on the plane. Some chapters were absolutely hysterical . Yet others were painful to read. Not because they were horribly written, but because of the memory of how mean kids can be to each other. And other sections made me mad that he didn't have teachers and coaches who protected him rather than condone the behavior with a "boys will be boys" attitude. My favorite chapter was My First and Bestest Girlfriend . It made me laugh so hard I thought I would cry or pee or do both at the same time. I know the people on the plane thought I was some kind of freak, but it's one of the most memorable chapters I've read in a long, long time. I'd tell you about it, but I couldn't do the story justice. Just go to your local bookstore, find a comfy chair and turn to page 53. Trust me, you'll thank me for it.

 Like the world really needed another blog award: urlLink Anti-Bloggies: 2003 Categories & Sponsors

 Happy St. Patrick's Day! Wishing you a pot o gold and all the love your heart can hold.

 urlLink Shot through the heart and you're to blame. You give love a bad name. A Tampa recap: When we checked into the hotel, we discovered they had us in the wrong room set-up. With a little persuasion and some out-right asking, we were upgraded to a two room suite and breakfast passes for both Saturday and Sunday. Lovely room. Great bed. Man, do I need new pillows. In keeping with our good luck of the evening, I found a several carat diamond bracelet in the drawer next to my bed. No, I didn't keep it. After a yummy, made-to-order omelet and some other goodies on Saturday morning, we hit the Florida Aquarium (more good luck with $2-off tickets). I love aquariums and this one was absolutely gorgeous. There was even one exhibit of jelly fish that was so awesome it alone was worth the price of admission. We drove through the historical district of Ibor and other parts of downtown. Over by the University. Down and around the beautiful homes. Tampa is a nice, nice place. Definitely worth a visit. I took lots of pictures. When I get the software downloaded for the camera, I'll try to start a photo album. I needed a pair of sunglasses and found a pair on sale at Old Navy for $7.50 (the good luck continues). At PFChang's, I noticed the waiter had something on his mouth. Turns out it was chocolate from one of those giant cookies. He was so appreciative that he brought us a couple of pieces of the chocolate chip cookie for dessert. We parked two blocks ~ yes, two *short* blocks from the arena (couldn't believe our luck!). We had great, dead-on seats for the concert. Those boys put on quite the show. I'd seen them once in San Antonio, so before I left my mom said, "I hope they still look as good." I said, I expect they look better . And boy do they. It was fun singing along to the old tunes. The did two encores and they have a very funny "credits" video at the end of the concert. I saw one of the tour caps: Bon Jovi ~ Established in 1983. That's when I graduated from high school. No wonder I like them so much. Today we had another yummy made-to-order breakfast and then drove to St. Petersburg. We meandered through downtown and then hit the beach. It was lovely. White sand. Nice temp water. Loads of people. Not too hot. Not too sunny. Pretty close to perfect. Went to Maggiano's for lunch and had a great meal. Hit the airport and remembered we hadn't gotten gas. I pull into the car rental return and asked how much their gas was a gallon. $4 a gallon. We're about a hour out from our flight. Big discussion about going back out to get gas. Where to go? How much time? Finally decide to do the $4/gallon. I'm pulling out my suitcase when the guy hands me my receipt and says, "Consider it a full tank." The kind man didn't charge us! Our luck prevails to the end! Between the free breakfasts being a $40 value, only paying $53/night for a regular $125 suite and the $40 gas savings on the car ~ I feel like we almost made money on this trip! It was a great weekend ~ definitely the perfect mini Spring Break!

 urlLink Friday Five on Sunday: 1. Do you like talking on the phone? Why or why not? I don't really. I know sometimes it's the only means of communication, but I don't like it much. 2. Who is the last person you talked to on the phone? My mom. We talked about getting tickets to the Spurs game on March 25. It's the official farewell for David Robinson. 3. About how many telephones do you have at home? Two. 4. Have you encountered anyone who has really bad phone manners? What happened? I hate when I am talking to someone and they start talking to someone where they are without telling me to hold on or something. 5. Would you rather pick up the phone and call someone or write them an e-mail or a letter? Why or why not? Totally an e-mail. I really don't like talking on the phone ...

 Toodles! Im off to urlLink Tampa . Yall have a great weekend!

 From the March 17 issue of urlLink Time (p. 83): As Thongs Fade, Briefs are Back In womens undergarments, the seemingly ubiquitous thong may be overextended. Full-bottom panties, says urlLink Victorias Secret spokeswoman Monica Mintro, are on the uptick. J.Lo sported a pair in the video Jenny from the Block and Halle Berry donned a sporty wide-side, low-hip brief in urlLink Die Another Day . The shape is fresh and functional, says Sarah Easley, co-owner of the hip Manhattan clothing store urlLink Kirna Zabete , which, along with specialty lingerie shops like urlLink Agent Provocateur , is selling a lot of panties. The trend takes its cue from sports, especially surfing hence the low-sitting bikini-cut look. After all, as Easley points out, its just more comfortable to play Frisbee in briefs than in a thong. Dang. Now what do I do with my thong collection?! And really, playing Frisbee wasnt that uncomfortable.

 We are all Brave It is very brave to be alive. It's a lot of work to be conscious, loving, productive human beings. I often think that we should receive paychecks for just being alive. We are all brave in our ordinary days, and we forget this. Let's speak of our bravery more often. Let's acknowledge each other for risk-taking, leaps of faith, and new beginnings. Bravery is not only for big steps, it's also for all the tiny moments which we're scared about and do it anyway. It's for when we are exhausted, wake up early, and get on a clattering train to get to work. It's when we try something new that makes us nervous. It's making micromovements towards our creative dreams or listening to a friend when we'd rather be watching television. Being brave is a choice, and a decision. I think it is brave to pay bills, go to the dentist, and plan for retirement. Dating is brave! We are brave to be human beans. We are brave to give birth, make commitments, plant violets, and listen intently to a crabby child. We are brave to listen to/watch the news and choose our own response. It is especially brave to practice exquisite self-care, to fill ourselves to overflowing so that goodness can spill abundantly into the world each day. Copyright (c) 2003 urlLink SARK . All rights reserved.

 So I'm sitting here playing with my new toy when I really should go pack. I'm going urlLink here for the weekend to see urlLink them . Long story. I also want to do urlLink this and urlLink this . I am just so looking forward to a "mini" Spring Break.

 I've been whining (incessantly) to urlLink Kate about not moving up on her *Must Reads* urlLink blogroll . I thought maybe she didn't love me anymore. Then, I decided to check out some of the links on my page and sure enough they didn't have the last updated time stamp either. I e-mailed urlLink Jason and asked what to do. He politely e-mailed me back and suggested I read the urlLink FAQs . So I did what the FAQs said, but alas, no change. I wrote Jason again with a very popular blog that wasn't showing regular updates. He checked it out and agreed that, "There is definitely some bug somewhere. Thanks for the heads up." Yea me! Then I noticed this mention on the urlLink homepage ~ Timestamps in link titles : Roll over the links in your blogroll and if they ping urlLink weblogs.com the title tags contain the last updated time in GMT. I went to the site and found it appears I am not pinging (nor are several blogs on my site. If you mouseover your blog name on my page and you get your address instead of the last update time, you're not pinging either). I started using a urlLink ping-site form and right now I am at the top of urlLink Kate's list (although probably not by the time you get there).

 When I left the house tonight, my intention was to pick up urlLink Kick Me: Adventures in Adolescence at Barnes & Noble. I heard urlLink Paul Feig on NPR on my way back from lunch. He had me laughing so hard I just knew it was a book I need to read right now . So, yeah, you know me and bookstores. I also came home with urlLink The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency and urlLink Prozac Nation . And, a urlLink new toy . Whoot!

 urlLink Operation enables Reeve to breathe without respirator Every time I hear of Christopher Reeve, I think of A*brey. My now ex-boyfriend's ex-wife. He and I were living together. We had their two boys every weekend. Till Memorial Day weekend 1990. That Sunday, A*brey was in New Braunfels to do some tubing. She dove head first into soupy green water. Hit her head on a rock. Broke her neck and severed her spinal cord. It changed our lives forever. I became an instant mom. Breakfast. Driving a kid to school. Picking the other up at night. Dinner. Playtimes. Bathtime. Bedtime. I've never wanted kids of my own, so it was quite the challenge. But, I did fall head over heels in love with them. Once after an interaction at my mom's she asked me, "Did you hear what he just called you? [pointing to the younger boy] No. "Mom. And you answered." What I learned from that relationship is that I can love a child with all my heart. Know that I'd give my life for him. I also learned ex-girlfriends don't get visitation rights. That was the worst lesson of all.

 urlLink Who's Googling you right now?

 Today is a perfect day to be where I live. The sun is out. Sky is blue. It's 86&deg;. I drove home with the windows down and the sunroof open. My doors and windows in the house are open now. I'd even wear shorts to the bookstore when I go in a little while, except I'd have to shave my legs.

 Is this not one of the cutest kids you've ever seen?!

 I've come home for lunch on this gorgeous day. The sun is out. The window is open next to my computer. The birds are singing. The air smells like freshly mowed grass. Do I really have to go back to work ~ cause I'm having kind of a crappy day. In January I was told they were transferring my most favorite part of my job to another department. Today I am writing the e-mail making the announcement and explaining the new procedures and such. It sucks that I have to write the e-mail. I keep catching myself staring at the computer with my hands holding my head. I don't feel that I ever got a solid answer as to why this is happening. The people I work with on this project (for eight+ years) are upset. They keep asking me if this has to happen. And I have to answer in a postive manner. Sometimes I just don't understand corporate management.

 Just trying to get my urlLink ping on.

 Kristy left a little while ago. I coached her again on potential grad school interview questions. On Monday night, she struggled a lot, but I think she finally figured out how to really think out an answer. We also worked hard on tweaking the word whiskers (um, y'all), busy hands and putting periods on the end of her sentences. I know she was exhausted when she left. She didn't look at the questions between then and tonight, but obviously the questions and answers have been stewing, because she had some really great answers. I think she left here feeling confident and psyched about being able to do well. I also talked with her about what she would wear. What to do with her hair. What to eat for breakfast. What to do to calm herself right before the interview. We came up with possible chit-chat questions and answers. She is such a bright, sweet, generous kid (remember, she's young enough to be my "daughter"!). She's a hard-worker, quick learner and is loaded with potential. I only hope the interviewer sees past some of the rough edges (poor grammar) and sees what I see ~ a smart young woman with a desire to learn more and contribute to society. Her appointment at the University of Colorado at Boulder's Leeds School of Business is Saturday. Fingers crossed please!

 Dawn has an awesome urlLink eye . Makes me want a digital camera.

 We spent about three hours at the CTRC today. We met first with Dr. Eyre's assistant, Sonia. She is very sweet. Very calming and patient. Then Dr. Eyre came in and recapped everything we talked about last week. At one point when he left us alone, we laughed again about the calm-demeanor training everyone seems to have taken. They are all so low key. Although I imagine that's a plus for the job. I totally got that I would need to wait in the waiting room while she did the cat scan/mask, but mom still asked if I could go with her. "Part of the way," he said. The thing that makes this so strange is how independent my mom is. For 78, she can still run circles around me. Works full-time, volunteers, drives ~ the whole nine yards. And she's always been this way. It makes it hard during those moments when I can hear her scared. See it in her. Hear her ask if I have to leave. I try to be the family-member doctors and nurses appreciate. I am an observer. I want them to talk directly to mom. This is her deal, you know? She and I have an understanding that as long as she can speak for herself, she should. On occasion I pipe up when there's something she's not certain about or if things need clarifying, but mostly I just sit there. I makes me mad when a nurse talks to me instead of her. She's old, not mute. We joked that we needed to draft a cheat sheet of dates and meds, cause my memory ain't what it used to be. Proof? I left my car keys in the waiting room.

 Wow. Wow! urlLink Elizabeth Smart found alive.

 I only receive an e-statement on my credit card now. The monthly statement came today. Hell if I can remember my member name (I remember the password). *sigh* With this memory loss, you'd think I'd write the important stuff down ... The balance is enough that I have a monthly automatic payment set-up, but it would sure be nice to actually know if I'm making headway!

 Good God. Capitol Hill has nothing better to do than " urlLink freedom fries "? Sheesh.

 Today mom "officially" visits with the radiologist. She will get a catscan to see how deep the lymphoma is. This will determine the true schedule of sessions. His guess of five-days-a-week for four weeks was a ballpark. Could be more, could be less. Five-days-a-week no matter what. Then she will have a mask made for the exact zapping area. They decided this would be better ~ since she works ~ than having purple marks all over her face for weeks on end. They said the process will take several hours, so I'm going to meet her there. Usually she puts up something of a front, "Oh, no, you don't have to go." But last night it was a simple, "ok." She's scared. I can hear she's scared. I hope that once the sessions start and she sees that it's not going to greatly alter her life, she'll settle down some. Frankly, I think once she gets the hang of it, she'll be more cranky about the hour round-trip from work and having to pay for parking every day for a month.

 urlLink This-or-That Tuesday 1. Married or single? Single, never married. 2. Knit or crochet? Neither. I signed up for a crochet class, but made the waiting list. 3. Homebody or world traveller? Wannabe world traveler. 4. "Star Search" or "American Idol"? Neither. 5. Dancing or karaoke? Dancing. Ive never tried karaoke. 6. Elvis Presley or Elvis Costello? The King, of course. 7. Bus or train? Train. 8. Batman or Superman? Batman 9. Chocolate or vanilla? Chocolate. 10. Which came first...the chicken or the egg? Chicken. But dont ask me to prove it. Yes another urlLink meme ... but you must remember my TV is broken. And now I can't find the receipt that would mean the repair is covered by the warranty. And I have nothing else to do. Well, yeah, I mean I have things to do ~ like the dishes ~ but, well, yeah ...

 Oh Lordy, urlLink Peppermint Tina says I'm "funny as heck." Gack! I think I just felt my funny run out of the room!

 Gotta love urlLink Da Goddess : urlLink Things Not to Say to a Naked Guy .

 Ah, what the hell ... damn broken TV. PromoGuy's urlLink Monday Mission 3.10: 1. What is the most boring project you have ever had to ? I haven't done anything boring in a long time, so I'd have to stretch back to my early days of collating press kits. Dull busy work. 2. If you could be anyone or anything you wish, who or what would you want to be? Why? Truly, nobody but me. 3. What is one thing you refuse to ever put in your mouth? Live insects. 4.If you could film a documentary about yourself and have yourself followed for 1 day, what would that day look like? And why? They'd see me as I hate to wake up in the morning. Then me running around like mad trying to get to work on time. A short ten-minute drive to work. Breakfast at my desk. Me scanning the news sites. Working at my computer. Floating around the office making small talk. Eating lunch in the teaming area. More time scanning the news sites. Reading the paper (although that might be done before lunch). Talking on the phone. Laughing too loud. Back working at my computer. Maybe in Lotus Notes or Pagemaker. Taking a walk to "the little store" for a decaf something to drink. Me still at the computer. Me coming home. Finding a snack. Turning on the computer. Surfing the web. Watching some television. Maybe cooking dinner. Taking a shower. Checking for e-mail. Getting ready for bed. Reading. Turning off the light and cuddling with my teddy bear Schlep. 5. What is the longest distance you have ever traveled to meet someone for the first time (blind date, blogger meet-up, etc). Was it worth the trip? About 275 miles. Definitely yes. 6. What do people usually assume about you that isn't true? That I'm more secure in who I am. 7. What are you craving for lunch today? I knew I was going to have lunch at Olive Garden, so I craved their soup, salad and breadsticks. It was yummy!

 Yes. I'm still up. That dang couch. Luring innocent ole me to take a nap.

 Well, I've done it. Visited every site on my blogroll (minus one) as part of the urlLink Snazzykat love-in. I left comments in what I hope were appropriate posts or sent e-mail. Course most of the e-mails were to strangers and I was half-way through when I thought to include a link back to me. I hope I don't seem too stalker-ish. It was really liberating telling people how great I think they are. Again, one of those things where you think you are doing something nice for someone else, yet you get to reap the benefits too.

 Visit urlLink Baskin-Robbins tonight between 6-10 p.m. for a urlLink free scoop of your favorite ice cream. For every scoop given away, Baskin-Robbins will make a donation to urlLink First Book to provide new books for underprivileged children. Based on numerous studies, book "ownership" has consistently proven to be a catalyst in increasing literacy rates, especially among young readers.

 Oh, no. urlLink Dead Grandfather Attends Wedding .

 A birthday haiku Thirty-eight today Oh goodness, Random Oddness... urlLink Happy Birthday Lee

 What the surgeon said last Friday: At this point they can still do orthoscopic surgery versus "open" surgery. It's an outpatient surgery that includes a pain pump installation. They will remove that at two weeks when they take out the stitches. She'll need 24-hour care the first few days and somebody around most of the first two weeks. She must wear a sling and can't drive for 6-8 weeks. Basically, she can't do much of anything for the first 8 weeks. Then they start daily physical therapy for 8 weeks. In 6 months she'll have 50% of her range of motion back. Essentially it takes a full year for recovery. She won't be in "pain" but will experience aching and stiffness. The surgeon told us that if she had the surgery *that day* she might be doing ok by Christmas. Sounds like fun, huh? Apparently, this is one of the worst recoveries in terms of "athletic" injuries. Her other options are to keep getting cortisone shots and/or live with a bum arm. She can have 4 shots a year for 3 years. Then she's outta luck. Chances are she could pick something up or do something that would make the tear worse. Then it would be "open" surgery or a bum arm forever. Oh, and it's her right arm. And yes, she's right handed. I want to hear what her oncologist has to say about it (we have an appointment next Tuesday). While she is finished with the radiation regiment, I'd hate for her to be in the middle of this and need chemo or something. It would really dishearten her.

 urlLink Well, hell .

 Who wants to be featured in a urlLink blogger reality show ?

 urlLink Weekly Wrap-Up #52 - Jobs 1. As a child, what did you want to be when you grew up? I wanted to be the next Barbara Walters. 2. When did you get your first job? What was it? I was 15 working in a second-hand clothing store. I hated it and never worked in retail again. 3. What is your job now? Do you like it? Why or why not? I am an employee communications coordinator. I like it 90% of the time. I like to write. Some days more than others. 4. What would be the worst job for you to have? Why? A position in an Emergency Room. I could *not* handle it. 5. What would be your ideal job if you could chose it? Why? Now that is the million dollar questions.

 Don't miss: urlLink Rules of Life. I am so #9.

 Learn more about urlLink your name : Susan (Hebrew) ~ meaning ~ Graceful lily ~ motivation ~ Motivated by those close to them ~ character ~ Has empathy for others ~ feelings ~ Is a person who is not easily upset ~ intelligence ~ Follows their instincts ~ spiritual ~ Is guided by their free spirit ~ nature ~ An amicable person ~ inherent ~ Always judicious That's pretty much me. Except for the graceful part. via: urlLink Zuly

 The urlLink Friday Five on Sunday: 1. What was the last TV show you watched? The local evening news. I wanted to know if the Lakers won this afternoon. 2. What was the last thing you complained about? That the Lakers won. 3. Who was the last person you complimented and what did you say? The clerk at urlLink Cracker Barrel . I told her our meal was delicious. (well, it was !) 4. What was the last thing you threw away? An empty water bottle. 5. What was the last website (besides this one) that you visited? urlLink Kate's .

 urlLink Snazzykat has enacted a love-in (I'm a few days behind). She says, "When you have a moment, go to each of the blogs you read and tell them why you love them so much." urlLink So, that's my goal for the week. I will visit everyone on my blogroll and tell them why I read their blog. If I don't leave it as a comment, I'll send you an e-mail.

 Well that was a lovely, albeit quick, weekend retreat. Yesterday we went to a concert at the urlLink Euless Arbor Daze and saw urlLink Jefferson Starship , urlLink Little River Band and urlLink Rick Springfield . It was splendiferous! Oh, and I got confirmation that I do snore. Although not like a "freight train." *sigh*

 When we left the surgeon's office, I don't know who was more distressed. Me or mom. The "she can't drive for six to eight weeks" and it will be a "full year" for recovery is echoing in my head. Echo, echo, echo. *sigh* Anyway, it was enough to scare me out of town for a couple days. Have a great weekend! See y'all Sunday.

 urlLink Things I Don't Remember

 urlLink Knowing yourself is enlightenment : I like how this girl writes.

 Anyone besides me get tired of the fricken' classmates.com pop-up ads? Speaking of which, my 20th high school reunion is this year. Should I go? I went to the 10th, didn't see anyone I really cared about and all the cliquish stuff was still going on. I hear people mellow-out by 20, but I'm just not sure about going.

 Today is my Friday. Whoo-hoo!

 A urlLink pick me up .

 I went to the doctor this morning for a TB test that I need for a volunteer project. There in the waiting room was my mom. We have different doctors in the same office. Shes been having problems with her shoulder for over a year now. Theyve been giving her cortisone shots to help, but decided she needed an MRI to check it out completely. She was there to see the results. They took her back right away and I waited about 20 minutes. I went back, got my shot and got talked into a tetanus shot (my arm hurts like hell right now). As I was walking out, a nurse told me that mom was still there, so I asked where she was. I'd only been there a few minutes when the doctor came in, so I decided to wait and learn about whats going on. Seems mom has a one-inch tear in her rotary cuff, plus a level three impediment to her range of motion. The doctor talked about referring her to a surgeon, at which point my mom says, I have an appointment with the surgeon on Friday. Now, imagine for a moment, my face. As my brain is taking in all of this, plus the realization that my mom has an appointment with a surgeon and has failed to mention this to me. Incredulous might be the best word. So, now we have an appointment with the surgeon on Friday. Dr. Boyd believes he will recommend surgery and a trip to rehab. If mom declines surgery, the doctor will keep giving her shots as she needs them, but it will eventually become a bum arm.

 Gasp! urlLink Nigella Lawson quits cooking!

 I got a new CD today: American Life . It was $9.99 at Target ~ too good a deal to pass up. I'll listen to it a couple times and let you know what I think.

 Cool: urlLink the may day project .

 Hmmm. urlLink Blogathon 2003 . I wonder who's up for it?

 Sweet! Lays Cool Guacamole chips! Betcha can't eat just one (I can't!).

 I did it and you should too! urlLink Win a trip to Las Vegas ! (Roundtrip air for two via Southwest Airlines, three-night hotel accommodations at Bellagio, $250 spa credit for you and a guest at Spa Bellagio and a $1,000 shopping spree at the Fashion Show Mall.)

 urlLink Thank you .

 urlLink PromoGuy's Monday Mission 3.16 1. Now that the weather (in America, that is) is getting nice and warm, what have you been looking forward to doing the most? Having my doors and windows open and getting some fresh air in the house. Doh! But I've been doing that already. 2. Do you enjoy spending time with your family (parents, siblings, etc.) or do you prefer to see them now and then? I do enjoy spending time with my mom, but it hasn't always been that way. I wish I could spend more time with my Aunt Patsy and Uncle Fagan, but they're in Michigan. I don't see much of my siblings. And for the most part, that's ok by me. 3. Did your parents play along with the whole "Easter Bunny" legend? Did you eventually figure it out or did someone tell you? How did that make you feel? What?!! What are you talking about?!! I got *my* basket yesterday. Maybe *you've* been a naughty boy .... 4. This isn't necessarily a religious question (although it certainly can be if you'd like), but what does "Easter" mean to you personally? It is a religious day for me. I was raised in the church, did all the sacramental things, but in my 30's I've lost my faith in my church. Not in my religion, just my church. 5. Do you have any funny or memorable Easter stories? Would having my mom drive around today to pick up some half-off Brach's chocolate covered marshmallow bunnies count? Cause they were mocking me at work ... 6. Is there anything you do too much of and just can't stop? I'm probably online too much. And when I'm not online, I'm watching television. So probably one of those two. 7. Long ago, I took a leadership seminar. At one point the leader gave his philosphy on life: the three things that matter most in life are "your family, your religion and your job, and what they mean to you." Would you agree? What are the three things that matter most in life? Yes, I agree. Maybe not religion per say, but definitely spirituality. Something to fill your soul. Travel is my number four. Rounding out the top five is reading. I love to read. BONUS: Were you just being kind, or am I losing my mind? Stephen Sondheim ... all afternoon doing every little chore. the thought of you stays bright sometimes I stand in the middle of the floor Not going left, not going right I dim the lights, and think about you Spend sleepless nights, to think about you You said you loved me, or were you just being kind? Or am I losing my mind?

 Tonight I am hopeful. urlLink Go Spurs Go! Please?!

 Found a cool geography test over at urlLink geekgrrl's . I got a urlLink 144 out of 150 !

 If you're thinkin' you're a person of influence, try ordering someone else's dog around. ~ Cowboy Philosopher

 I have a urlLink guest book now. Won't you be my neighbor? sung in a Mr. Rogers tone

 Do you ever look around your house and think, When did the explosion happen and how did I miss it?

 Outside of the urlLink disappointing Spurs game , yesterday was a fun day. Mom and I did the urlLink Monticello house tours and the urlLink Fiesta Arts Fair . I love the house tours. It's in the neighborhood I really wanted to get into, but couldn't afford. I asked most of the home owners how long they'd been in their houses and most said five or six years. Most of them paid in the range of what I paid for my house. One bought their house for $75,000 and just sold it for $149,000. Always a little behind the curve, that's me. I came away with some ideas for my own home (and ideas of what I'd never do!). It's just so nice to let people are willing to show off their work. Mom kept telling me I should take pictures, but it just seems rude (although I do ask "nosey" questions). I bought a stunning heart wind chime at the arts fair. It was a drizzly day, but that didn't deter attendance! We ran into into El Rey Feo ~ The Ugly King ~ and got his pin. Collecting pins during urlLink Fiesta is like collecting beads during Mardi Gras (without the boobage). We also hit a couple stores in search of gifts for my Godmother. Today is her birthday. I'll take some pics at dinner tonight. I'm also hoping we'll go "visit" Phyllis in Devine this afternoon. She passed way one year ago yesterday and I thought it would be nice to take her some flowers. I can tell mom still misses her best friend terribly.

 urlLink Question of the Week from Sara : You are offered $1,000,000 for the following act: Before you are ten pistols--only one of which is loaded. You must pick up one of the pistols, point it at your forehead, and pull the trigger. If you can walk away you do so a millionaire. Would you accept the risk? Why or why not? No. I have terrible luck.

 I got a new CD yesterday, The Best of James Taylor . I've never been a huge fan, but when I started to read the song titles I realized I grew up with his music in the background of my life. You've Got A Friend, Carolina In My Mind, How Sweet It Is (To Be Loved By You), Fire And Rain. You get my point. But tonight I heard a song that I'd never heard before and it just sounded so damned sexy... Don't Let Me Be Lonely Tonight Do me wrong, do me right Tell me lies, but hold me tight Save your goodbyes for the mornin' light But don't let me be lonely tonight Say goodbye and say hello Sure 'nuf good to see you, but it's time to go Don't say yes, but please don't say no I don't want to be lonely tonight Go away, then, damn ya Go on and do as you please, yeah You ain't gonna see me Gettin' down on my knees I'm undecided And your heart's been divided You've been turnin' my world upside-down Do me wrong, do me right, right now, baby Go on and tell me lies, but hold me tight Save your goodbyes for the mornin' light But don't let me be lonely tonight I don't want to be lonely tonight, no, no I don't want to be lonely tonight Um, yeah, so the lyrics aren't really a pick me up, but it was all in how he sang it.

 A collective silence has fallen over the city. We had the air knocked out of us by a three point goal made with zero seconds left in overtime. So, I'm pouty.

 Go visit urlLink Robyn , then link through to the clothing website made for real women, with real women's bodies. Even the imperfect ones.

 I know I haven't talked about my favorite show all season (unlike my worship-like amour last year), but I promised someone I wouldn't. However, I just can't hold this back. I learned today that there are only urlLink two episodes of urlLink Alias left?! WTF ???

 The urlLink Friday Five is all about celebrities today and I'm just not in the mood. So I'm going to try a new meme: The Weekly Wrap-Up. urlLink Planes, Trains & Automobiles 1. What's your favorite method of travel? Why? I love train travel. My favorite has been an Amtrack ride between Seattle and Vancouver. So picturesque. No trains out of Texas. Takes too long to just get out of the fricken' state! So, mostly I fly. 2. What's the longest road trip you've ever taken? Where? Maybe San Antonio to Michigan? Or Jacksonville, FL to Savannah to New Orleans to San Antonio. It was a looonng trip because I had a bladder infection and had to pee incessantly. 3. How many plane trips have you taken in your life? Truthfully, I don't know. Lots. I used to travel all.the.time for work. 4. What method of travel do you fear so much or intensely dislike that you avoid it? Greyhound Bus. I get car sick if I can't sit in the front seat. Uh-huh. Yes, I do. It's not either just an excuse. 5. Describe the worst travel experience you've ever had. There was this one time. I can laugh about it now, but at the time it was not so funny. We were in London, catching a train to Glasgow. I was trying to figure out which car we should sit in. Stay here, I said. I find someone who helps me. As I turn back, I see my mom and Aunt standing outside one of the cars (having not stayed where I told them to). As I reached them, my mom said, "I dropped those." I looked down to the tracks and saw scattered about our plane tickets, passports ~ all our important documents. I don't cuss often. And probably never before in front of my mom. She learned all my curse words that day. Which, of course, upset her greatly. Truthfully, it was a meltdown about a week in the making. I was tired. Physically tired. Emotionally tired. Tired of being the tour guide (in a place I'd never been before), tired of making ALL the decisions. Just plain tired. One of the conductors came over to see what the problem was. I pointed everything out and explained our situation. The train was leaving in about 15 minutes, our stuff had dropped, it was the last train of the day, if we didn't go that day it would ruin our plans for Scotland. He told me, none too nicely, that it was tough and I'd just have to wait. No one would dare go down there until after the train left. Commencement of the meltdown. Hysteria set in. Truly. Crying. Stomping my feet, the whole nine yards. What you must understand is that this is totally out of character for me. I was just that tired. Like a two-year-old. I "threatened" to go down there myself. Truly not thinking through how I would get myself back out. More hissy-fitting. Finally, he calls over a workman, who hops down, picks up our stuff and is back up in like 30-seconds. I believe I heard the conductor say, "Bloody tourist" as he walked away. On the train my mom apologized for dropping our stuff. I told her it was ok, that if the conductor had just helped us out from the very beginning I wouldn't have had the total freak-out. At the b-n-b that night, they shared a room so I could be by myself (I think they were afraid of me by then).

 I got to spend some time with my friend Jeff tonight as he passed through town. It's always great fun to talk with him. He told me some really interesting stories about his experiences on the set of urlLink The Alamo ( urlLink Billy Bob is as skinny in person as he looks in pictures). I scolded him for not blogging or journaling during the process. Trust me, it would be a great read.

 Oh no, urlLink disappearing once they've found your wife's body isn't suspicious behavior at all. Nope. Not at all.

 urlLink Moby in the Mirror Project.

 Wow. A urlLink great birthing story from the dad's perspective.

 So not work friendly: urlLink The Penis Blog . Abraham Lincoln was my personal favorite.

 Well, I've done gone and did it. I'm an amazon.com associate . Yep. Anytime you link from my page to amazon and make a purchase, I'll earn a percentage of it. And no, I didn't opt for the cash payment. I'm doing this to earn free books. I promise I won't become one of those icky car salesman-like individuals ( amazon ! amazon ! amazon !). And if you remember to link from here, that's fabulous and I thank you muchly. If you don't ~ well, I'll never know, right?! ; )

 Have you ever experienced blog-letdown? Someone raves to you about their "favorite" blog. Or you see link after link after link to this one person. So you visit. Once. Twice. Maybe three times. Only to finally concede that you just don't get what all the hoopla is about?

 It is so easy to speculate on the lives of others. I was just looking at an online photo album. It featured as individuals, these two who used to be a couple. I looked at it and thought, Awww ... he still has it bad for her . But what do I know?

 Oh, and urlLink Jish is finally back!

 It was a frustrating day at work and now Blogger has the wrong template up for my blog (looks the same here, just behind the scenes). I expect it will correct itself eventually. But then will I remember what I wanted to do? On the good news front: Mom had her last radiation treatment today! Yea!

 I am going to Vegas in May for a mix of business and pleasure. I was really excited to learn about the new urlLink Tickets2Nite . Every day at 2 pm, shows release any seats available for that evenings performances for half-price ! I've got my eye on a few, so I'm excited and hopeful!

 urlLink The omniscient Oracle of Starbucks can tell you everything about your personality by what you drink at Starbucks.

 When I woke up this morning, I was determined that today was the day . The day I would get rid of the ugly, poorly placed bushes. urlLink Before. urlLink After. And yes, I am eyeing the straggling looking whatever-those-are. They may be next to my cutting shears. Next week ... I plant flowers!

 urlLink If you MUST burn our flag ...

 Is blogging about urlLink exhibitionism, mental masturbation or hiding ?

 urlLink I think if you dare to call yourself a writer you must dare to put ALL of yourself into your writing.

 I have been on "The Pill" for nearly 15 years. I tell my gyn that if I'd known then what the pill would do for my cycle, I would have gone on it when I was 12. Really, my staying on it now has nothing to do with sex. Or lack there of. Trust me. And I warn my doctor that if he takes me off, I'll be like a junky on the street looking to score some Ortho-Novum. I've been thinking about it this week, cause, well, it's "that time of the month." Only that time isn't what it used to be. I talked to my doctor about my ever-shrinking cycle several years ago and he said that some day it may eventually just stop. He was right. I still get some of the same issues that come with PMS ( hello , chocolate), but that's it. So, I calculate now, that if I had started the pill when I was 12, my period would have stopped coming around when I was 25. *sigh* If I only knew then ...

 urlLink This story is really tragic. But I just can't get past the reporter's name being Macarena.

 urlLink Yummy .

 urlLink Well, Slap Me Silly!

 Today was a volunteer day. I started off making Easter baskets and delivering them to children under hospice care. I saw some children today that totally broke my heart and made me say a prayer of thanks for the healthy children in my life. Then I spent the afternoon Chihuly-ing. This was the last of these events. I'm kinda sad to see it end. No more excuses as to why I am making a paper mache balloon or painting with water colors. *sigh* And, of course, me + couch = nap. I sure hope I finish acclimating to the Daylight Savings Time switch soon.

 urlLink The Friday Five: 1. What was the first band you saw in concert? My very first concert was urlLink John Davidson at the rodeo. He was very popular at the time and I was quite enamored of him. I remembering crying ~ really hard ~ when his show was over and the rodeo continued. I think I was nine. 2. Who is your favorite artist/band now? I am pretty cyclical about who my "favorite" is at any given moment. No one really comes to mind. In the CD player right now: urlLink come away with me , urlLink Ray of Light , urlLink Home , urlLink LKs Greatest Hits , urlLink Busted Stuff and urlLink Pain to Kill . 3. What's your favorite song? Mmmm. I listen to NPR so much of the time, I cant think of a single popular song title right now. 4. If you could play any instrument, what would it be? The piano. 5. If you could meet any musical icon (past or present), who would it be and why? urlLink Madonna . I think she is brilliant. Both as an artist and as a businesswoman.

 urlLink Thtatue Thursday 1. If you could script the basic plot for the dream you will have tonight, what would it be? It would definitely include some mind-boggling sex. Maybe some romance too. 2. What one thing do you personally believe all people should do or experience at least once in their lifetime, just to say they've done it? Travel by themselves. Not just an overnight business trip. But a true vacation. For several days. To a brand new city. Where they know absolutely no one. 3. If you knew it would, within twenty years, halve the incidence of violent crime, would you want to eliminate all physical violence from television and film? In a heartbeat.

 Yep. I was right. I needed a nap. I laid down to watch the news and woke up nearly two hours later. *sigh* That doesn't bode well for sleeping well tonight. Santos stopped by to do my yard, so I walked to the store to go to the ATM. I don't usually think about it, but I am a minority in this city. In my neighborhood I am an anomaly. I thought about it as I walked and two boys (14?) stopped talking as I walked by. I thought about it in the store as I saw no other anglos around me. I thought of it as I walked out with another anomaly, an elderly black woman. I decided to strike up a 5-second relationship with her. I slowed to walk at her pace. We talked about the nice evening and the sudden burst of cool. We laughed about it together and went our separate ways.

 Tired. If I went over and sat on the couch right now, I'd be asleep.

 urlLink New glasses.

 Last night I went to see urlLink Defending the Caveman . Rob Beckers one-man show that declares men are still hunters and women still gatherers. He was absolutely freakin hysterical. When we left, my throat hurt from laughing so much. The show would be a great date night (unless innocuous sex talk bothers you). This year he travels to: Boston, DC, Philadelphia, Atlanta, Kansas City, Chicago and Seattle.

 This morning the wind chill is 36&deg;. Everyone feel better now? ; )

 Someone has politely pointed out to me that my mouseover of urlLink Operation Smilebox (over in the "Commentary" section) that reads my brother Jack's daughter , could more simply say my niece . Well, yes. But when was anything in life ever simple ? Shannon is my niece. Technically. My father ~ her grandfather ~ left my mom when she was pregnant with me. And when I say left , I mean left and never came back ... ever . I actually met Shannon and her cousins and my five siblings at my father's funeral. I was 21. As shocking as it sounds, it really was quite interesting. To see your father for the first time in his casket. To look down and see a reflection of yourself. I'd always thought I looked like my mom. I am the spiting image of my father. Only one of the boys looks more like him than I do. My new-found siblings are all a bit older than me. One has been married longer than I've been alive. Most are of retirement age. Their children are not so much younger than me. I've seen them maybe a handful of times. I'm not even sure how many there are. I've maintained a relationship with only one of my siblings. Jack. I think he's most like me. It's hard, you know (then again, maybe you don't), to get five siblings at 21. And to find them to be people you might not even choose to be friends with. So that's why I call Shannon my brother Jack's daughter . It just seems more truthful.

 urlLink New in my garden today.

 urlLink An aunt discovers chocolate coated corn ~ the hard way!

 urlLink A pregnant writer and her dog.

 Another good one from Dirty Questions: urlLink What is the appropriate way to keep your pubic hair maintained?

 Whew. I can tell you, based on today, it is going to be a long, hot summer. urlLink Some urlLink people have said I've been bragging about our moderate temperatures the last week or so. It was 80&deg; when I drove home from Target at 8 p.m. Tomorrow it is supposed to get to 86&deg;. My balmy days are pretty much over. While you will see lovely temperatures for weeks and months on end, we will live in the 80s, 90s and 100s from now until October. So let me dream about yummy days while I can, ok?

 I love Daylight Savings Time. I hate the next week as I reset my inner clock, but this is the best time of year. It's lighter later, so you feel like you can get so much more done in a day. I got home a while ago and saw that my VCR was recording. I thought what can it be recording? Omigod. It's after 8 p.m.! Alias is on! (a re-run thank heavens.). I had truly lost track of time because it was still light outside. Hallelujah!

 What a urlLink very brave man .

 The urlLink Question of the Week from urlLink Sara : High School Cliques: Jocks, Brains, Druggies, Band kids, A-Listers, Rednecks, Sluts, Virgins, Rockers, Punks, Rebels, Loners, Losers. Where did you fit in? Did you fall into more than one group? Did you want to be in a different clique? Did you feel comfortable in your clique with people just like you, or did you want to break out and try to conform to another one? Did it really matter to you to fit in? What about now, have you changed from the clique you were in, or are you still the same way? I was in the "brain" clique. Although I never felt like I deserved to be there. I always made mediocre grades. I don't remember so much about needing to fit in. Maybe I was just too nerdy. I remember feeling really shy. Unsure of myself. Never, ever "cool." I'm probably still in the "brain" clique. I don't think of myself as booksmart, but I am logical. I don't spout lines from literature. And don't even think of giving me a math problem or geographical map expecting me to figure it out. I'm good at self-depracating humor. I'm still a nerd, dork, airhead. I'm still pretty reserved and often not sure of myself. I've seen the light of "cool," but I'll never, ever live there.

 Ah, it's a nice cool, slow rain kind of day. A perfect one for me to rebound from the last few. Thursday and Friday were absolutely fabulous. I was totally brain dead at the end of each day, but it was a great course on presentation skills. Um, that's not totally true. It was about much more than formal presentations. It was about the one-on-one and group interactions we have every day. I learned that I have a much more serious face than I realize. I think I'm sitting there looking pleasant, when in reality I look like I could tear someone's heart out. I definitely need to smile more. If your company is looking to improve the communication skills of its workers, I can highly recommend urlLink EMS-Communications . As a former trainer, I am very hard on presenters. Eliot and Eric are just awesome. And no, this was not a paid endorsement. ; ) Yesterday morning was the Susan G. Komen Race for the Cure. I was out there with urlLink over 25,000 others . I can't even begin to tell you how amazing it is to see the line of walkers and runners go on and on and end. We were near the beginning and couldn't see the end of the line. It is exhilarating to be out there with so many others helping the urlLink Komen Foundation raise funds for research, treatment, screening and education. Afterwards, a group of us went out for breakfast and then I dashed home to slap on some makeup for the afternoon. I picked up mom and my Godmother and then sped to my urlLink Chihuly project. We worked pretty hard from 12:30-4:30 p.m. Setting up and then overseeing the art projects.We saw about 50-60 kids. Next Saturday is the last of these events. I have another project in the morning, but I definitely want to find an afternoon shift so I can say I worked them all. It really has been so much fun.

 It's a urlLink warm night (77&deg; as I type). I have my doors and windows open. As I sit at my computer I smell a slight eau de skunk. I think hmmm.... and after a quick visualization, I leap from my chair to close my screen-less backdoor, lest I receive a smelly visitor.

 Crush of the week : the relatively new urlLink Superhero Journal . She is fabulous. Inspiring. How come I find so many sites that make me think, I wish I could write like that . Yet I never try to?

 Yesterday, urlLink Sarah Hatter wrote about the Billy Ray Cyrus song urlLink It Could've Been Me . I flashed back about 10-12 years. I was in the midst of a really bad relationship and my friend Ray told me about this new song. How it reminded him of me. See, he had a friend named John ... My buddy John said you looked real pretty and you acted like you were in love He said the preacher asked for objections and he thought about standing up I told John he musta been crazy 'cause you were just about to say I do He just gave me a wink & said all he could think was it could've been me with you I wonder if I had gotten then what he was trying to say ~ if my life would be very different today.

 Day two of presentation training is done. I. am. brain. dead.

 Whoo-hoo! urlLink Sex and the City and urlLink The Soprano's are back at work!

 Whew. I am wiped out after our first day of presentation training.

 From urlLink unkymoods ... Tonight I am feeling ... Tomorrow and Friday, 10 of us are participating in an all-day presentation class. We have to speak three times both days. For our formal presentation, we will be videotaped (both days). I'm not so nervous about the speaking part, as I am the seeing myself on video part.

 From Jeff after several days of shooting urlLink The Alamo : i went in at 5 p.m. yesterday and we worked overnight again -- it's 7:30 a.m. now. i'm going to bed in a minute and will probably sleep until it's time to get ready to go back tonight at 5:30. i think we'll be done with the scene tonight/tomorrow so i'll get a break for a couple of weeks before i go back. it's exhausting, but fun. i talked to billy bob today -- learned he doesn't smoke cigars, even though he was once featured on the cover of smoke magazine. he's a friendly guy and seems genuine. (hopefully i'll get some decent screentime because i stand near him.) ok. i can hardly think right now so it's bedtime (but the sun just came up! is this what it feels like in alaska?). hopefully i'll get around to writing more about the experience ... after i get some rest.

 Looks like I need to buy some urlLink floral-spicy perfume !

 Looking for a new read? Check out urlLink Chapter a Day . I just signed up for the fiction e-mail. Ill be interested to see what types of books she sends it will certainly give me a chance to test-drive some new authors!

 urlLink Spurs' Geezers Giving It All They've Got [NYTimes free registration required.]

 urlLink Maybe blogs are a way of keeping the truly antisocial out of harm's way.

 I don't know what's up with my template. Maybe it's my urlLink Blogger moving day .

 The urlLink Friday Five on Saturday: 1. What do you most want to be remembered for? Being kind, generous, funny. 2. What quotation best fits your outlook on life? You make a living by what you get, you make a life by what you give. 3. What single achievement are you most proud of in the past year? Working through depression. Searching for my old self and finding someone I like much better along the way. 4. What about the past ten years? Buying a house last year was a pretty big deal for me. 5. If you were asked to give a child a single piece of advice to guide them through life, what would you say? Life is not a dress rehearsal. Do it all. Except for illegal drugs.

 Look! urlLink Moxie has pictures of a urlLink nude boy on her site! [Can you hear my immature high school girl giggle?]

 I know that a lot of people on the East Coast are being bombarded with rain. What I wouldn't do for an inch or two of that here. If we don't get rain today (it's not forecasted), this will be the driest month of May in Texas history. Between no rain and the heat (I drove past a thermometer yesterday that said 104&deg;), my front yard is getting crispy . I watered a couple of times this week because it's looking so brown. I hate doing so because all of our water comes from an aquifer and I worry about using my drinking water to save grass, but my yard looks awful compared to all of my neighbors' (peer pressure!). And why is that important today? Because one year ago today I signed my papers and bought this house! Yea me!

 urlLink Trading In Trading Spaces: When the Facelift Flops, The Homeowners Take Action

 urlLink ... this just feels like the year of the Spurs.

 urlLink 2003 Western Conference Champions

 urlLink Sarah and urlLink Jane discuss dating. Interesting. I've lived in this house for nearly a year and nary one boy has come to pick me up (or even offered to pick me up) for a date. Sad.

 urlLink Give the Mavericks credit for their heart, their hustle, and their resourcefulness. Even so, Dallas cannot win the series. But the Spurs can certainly lose it. Hey, I can belly up to the bar and agree with the truth when I see it. I still believe my boys can win. Tonight I hope they believe it too.

 Cool. A urlLink visual thesaurus . Type in a word, and instead of a list, you'll get a web of related words. Click on any of those words, and another web pops up. You can even rotate the web to bring different words to the foreground. Plus, you'll find definitions of the words, the relationships between the words, the history of the word and more. These are all tools you can use for more precise word choice, as well as a launch pad for writing. snarked from urlLink Ann Wylie

 urlLink Wow.

 urlLink The power of a woman. Well said.

 Got this in an e-mail today. It's worth sharing: Breast Cancer Stamps The notion that we could raise $35 million by buying a book of stamps is powerful! As you may be aware, the US Postal Service recently released its new " urlLink Fund the Cure " stamp to help fund breast cancer research. urlLink The stamp was designed by Ethel Kessler of Bethesda, Maryland. It is important that we take a stand against this disease that affects so many of our Mothers, Sisters and Friends. Instead of the normal 37 cents for a stamp, this one is 45 cents. The additional 8 cents will go to breast cancer research. A "normal" book costs $7.40. This one is only $9. If all stamps are sold, it will raise an additional $35,000,000 for vital research. It takes so little to do so much in this drive.

 Yea! I am so excited! I have a new fridge!!! Yes, I am a simple girl.

 Afternoon recap: I went to the funeral. It was quite lovely. Till near the end. A woman in attendance lost consciousness and had to be given CPR. An ambulance came and took her away. It was about 1:20 p.m. by the time I got out of there. I still needed to eat lunch and knew I needed to leave early for a therapy appointment. So, I just decided to call it a day and start over again tomorrow. I came home, laid on the couch, watched urlLink The Family Man . I feel better now.

 Morning recap: Repair guy came. Said it was the compressor. Said it was too expensive to fix and I should just buy new fridge. Luckily, I had already been online researching and found a urlLink good buy at Sears. It also had 0% financing for one year and a rebate on delivery. It comes tomorrow. Stopped at mom's house to see what space she might have in her fridge. Came to my place, packed up what I thought would fit and took it back to hers. I think I'm losing about 50% of what I had. Now, I am off to a urlLink funeral . Yep. It's definitely a Monday/Tuesday.

 Fun. I'm at home waiting for the refrigerator repair guy.

 Well, that weekend just slipped by! Friday night I went to a high school graduation (the irony, I know). Saturday I shopped and went to the high school graduation dinner. It was very cool. A barge on the San Antonio River, catered by one of our best Italian restaurants. One of those moments when you remember how good life is. Sunday I didn't even turn the computer on. Mom's car is in the garage (to be ready later today), so I picked her up at 7 a.m. to take her to work (at church). Then I went for my first volunteer session at the Children's Shelter. I decided when "my" volunteer group transitioned to someone else at work earlier in the year that I would find something personal to me to volunteer for. The infant shelter for the CS is about two miles from my house. I know, it seems odd that someone who doesn't want kids would want to work with kids ... but, I do. There were 14 "babies" at the shelter (infants less than two-years-old). I mostly hung out with one six-month-old-ish boy. I fed "John" and let him sleep in my lap. I finally got up to lay him down (because I was feeling like I should be doing more). One of the staffers did a quick diaper change and asked if I would mind holding him some more because he sleeps better that way. So I did. In a rocking chair with him up on my shoulder. It was pretty sweet. It didn't make my ovaries twitch, but it did fill something in my soul. Late in the afternoon I went to visit a friend in who was in Austin for the weekend and ended up spending the night. Dinner at PFChangs, back at the hotel bar to watch the Spurs beat the Mavs ~ twas a good evening. I slept in, got up, drove home and took a nap. Must be a holiday.

 I graduated from high school 20 years ago today. Wow. I can't even fathom that. That now I am at a place in my life where I can clearly remember something that happened 20 ~ or even 30 ~ years ago. I remember as a kid complaining about how slow time passed. My mom would tell me, "Just wait till you grow up." Man, she wasn't kidding. I thought the first 10 years just whizzed by. The last 10 seem to have gone by even faster. I suppose this is a time to be reminiscent about life. Time to make an assessment about where I am and what I have done. Interestingly, I am not feeling that. It makes me glad that I didn't peak in high school. I'm glad I've been a late bloomer. Life has been much more interesting this way.

 I pre-ordered my copy of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix yesterday. Yes, I will be at my local bookstore at midnight on June 20 to pick up my book. When I bought Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone , I had no idea what the book was about. I'd been wandering the store looking for something to read when the title jumped out at me. I remembered the New York Times bestseller list hoopla and picked it up. I didn't even read the book jacket. I got home and looked at the back cover. Scholastic. Scholastic, I thought to myself. Don't they publish children's books? Needless to say, I was a little flummoxed and a touched embarrassed. Then I read the book. It was humorous, suspenseful, a fantasmic adventure. I loved it. I dashed right out to buy Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets . I also took The Sorcerer's Stone to my friend Linda at work. Would you do me a favor? I asked. Would you read this book and tell me what you think? Needless to say, she'll be there with me and a couple dozen 10-year-olds on June 20.

 Know how when you read a book and a passage just hits home with you? Stays with you? urlLink Nothing in my life ever seemed to fade away or take its rightful place among the pantheon of experiences that constituted my eighteen years. It was all still with me, the storage space in my brain crammed with vivid memories, packed and piled like photographs and old dresses in my grandmother's bureau. I wasn't just the madwoman in the attic I was the attic itself. The past was all over me, all under me, all inside me. That is so me. Carrying everything with me. Everything. It has been an amazing journey ~ learning how to tidy up the attic. To put everything in it's place. And leave it there.

 urlLink Ty Dishes 'Trading Spaces' Designers

 urlLink The New Sun Newspaper : To focus on the positive aspects and events of life. To shift the emphasis away from fear and sensationalism towards the other side of human nature: hope, humor, courage and creativity. A publication that seeks to find the best in life and give it good coverage.

 I forgot to mention that we saw urlLink Gail O'Grady while in Caesar's Forum Shops. She is tiny in person. I also *just missed* a sighting of urlLink Matthew McConaughey out at the pool (in town for a golf tournament).

 urlLink Questionable calls by refs : I have to agree. I mean 98 free throws during Monday night's game?! What's up with that? P.S. I promise the obsession with basketball will end just as soon as they slide us our rings.

 bwahahahaha: urlLink How to speak about women and be politically correct

 * urlLink That * was much better.

 urlLink Yvonne is usually my first daily read because, well, her site is first on the list alphabetically... ; ) Most days I never know what I'm going to find (still waiting to find a picture of her in a Tim Duncan jersey ... come on girl, ante up!). Yvonne is vibrant, entertaining, sassy, downright dirty, hysterically funny, engaging, compelling and so much more. Today she is wrote about body image: urlLink Beauty is on the inside, my big fat ass! In societys eyes, I am ugly. I am fat, I have wrinkles, I have saggy tits, stretch marks, etc, but people tell me I'm beautiful. I want to believe it, but I know the reality. Most people can't look past the outside to see what's on the inside and it breaks my heart. It really does. Funny, I just discussed my own body image with my therapist just today. I totally *get* where Yvonne is coming from. How she sees herself in the mirror, the things she says to/about herself ~ so much like how I talk to myself. See myself. There are days when I look at a picture (like the one below) and think, "I'm not so bad." But trust me, there are many, many more pictures of me you will never see because I am disappointed in how I look. We had a long talk about it today. I finally agreed that I might have a distorted body image. And I committed to doing something about it. Emotionally and physically.

 I missed urlLink Friends last week. Can anyone tell me what happened?

 Gack. Well * urlLink that * hurt!

 urlLink Antonio and his Godmother First Communion Sunday

 urlLink Networks Tease Their 2003 Fall Collections : Fine. But tell me how many weeks remain until the new urlLink Alias season?

 Vijay Singh: urlLink What a big baby .

 urlLink Happy Birthday Goddess! Remember, it's just one more candle!

 urlLink Don't mess with Texas!

 Found this while at HBO: urlLink Escape to Italy Sweepstakes . If you win, will you take me?

 ok urlLink Six Feet Under fans, what do you think happened to Lisa?

 urlLink Dating a Blogger, Reading All About It (free site registration required. Come on people, it's free!)

 I had a great time in Vegas. Two nights at the Aladdin (my budget) and two nights at Caesar's Palace (work budget). I was able to mix pleasure and business into a fun week. I love the Aladdin. It's easy to find your way around, and you are never too far from the elevator to your room. It is centrally located on the Strip, with the Bellagio water show just across the street. Plus PFChang's is in the building. I ate there twice. I ate the same thing both times. I love Honey Seared Shrimp. You must try it. The pool there is mainly cement. I was surprised at how quiet it was, considering it's only six floors up from the Strip. It was my first time at CP. Nice place. Too expensive for my budget ($219 versus $70). It is almost a little too kitschy ~ however, I was the only person I spoke with that had mirrors over the bed. I did win $500 there (came home with $400). The conference offered some pretty good ideas. And yes, I tried the topless pool. I thought about taking pictures, but it seemed kind of egocentric to do that in front of others. I took dozens of photos. Here are a select few: urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink

 I've spent about an hour catching up on my reads. Wow. We are a bunch of prolific writers. I read posts that made me laugh, made me wonder what I'd missed, but when I got to urlLink My Man , I knew I'd found the best post of the week.

 Hi Honey, I'm home ... I know I'm a little late with these, but you know I just couldn't resist! urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink Photos by Jerry Lara/Express-News I promise a full Vegas update and some pictures just as soon as I've recovered.

 I wish you all could've been here with me in Vegas to see the Happy Dance! Go Spurs Go! I am one happy girl alone in a room with mirrors over the bed! *sigh* What's up with that?!

 Hello from Caesar's Palace. My room actually has a mirror over the bed! (Again, too bad I am here alone!) And the room is not for those who are "just friends" ~ the tub/shower is right in the room ~ next to the bed and TV! Maybe I will watch the Spurs/Lakers game from there tomorrow night! The couple that I thought might have missed their plane were back this morning and I can tell you she does not like her husband. She was pretty mean to him. Then there was another couple fighting in the elevator as I was changing hotels. Not a good time for couples in Vegas. My toasty legs are looking browner today, so I am off soon to find Caesar's pool. I hear they have a topless area ...

 Yep. I just look a look in the mirror at my backside. From my buttocks to my ankles. Crispy red.

 Um, yeah. I think I will need to pick up a bottle of aloe vera while I am out. Really, I'm not a sun worshiper. I can't even tell you the last time I laid out in the sun. It's been years. I think the last time I was in a suit is at least five years ago. And after that wearing, I threw it away. But these days, people don't seem to mind showing what they've got. Good, bad or indifferent. I might as well join the crowd.

 Well, I spent about 3.5 hours out by the pool. I think I may have burned the back of my knees. I just took a bubblebath in a tub built for two (too bad I'm alone). Now I'm going head out and have a late lunch. I need to walk to Walgreen's for a few things (their bottled water is cheapest). Then at 6:30 p.m., I believe there is this basketball game on I'd like to watch ...

 I know the post times look weird. It's because I am still posting central standard time, but that's not where I am. I walked over to the Bellagio this morning. I just love their gardens. The focus is on butterflies right now. I took some video of that and the Chihuly glass flowers in the check-in area. I came back for breakfast here and am now feeling the need for a nap. I think I'll head to the pool. urlLink Vegas weather

 This is interesting: urlLink BlogMatcher .

 The Aladdin is offering the original Matrix on pay-per-view. Pretty smart considering the sequel opens this week. However, I watched it for free on regular tv last Friday.

 I seem to remember Vegas being one of the better places for my allergies. So what's up with the nosebleeds?

 I woke up to a lady yelling, "Oh my God! Get up! Get up! Get up! The alarm!" Once I surmized she wasn't talking to me , I guessed that either they are really excited to be in Vegas or they are about to miss their plane ...

 After I porked out at the buffet downstairs (I think I ate my weight in Alaskan King Crab legs), I walked down to New York New York to see their permanent display on 9/11. It was quite touching. Then I came back and watched a couple of the songs of the water show at the Bellagio. I just love those. I hope who ever came up with the idea got paid a lot of money.

 Hello from Las Vegas. I have just come in from the Aladdin pool ~ where I sipped a beer and basked in the sun for an hour or so. Thus far, I've had lunch at PFChang's (which everyone should know by now is my favorite place). Visited the Tickets2Nite (not one good show unless you're looking for topless reviews). Gotten a henna tatoo on my wrist and ankle. Oh, and gambled away $10.

 I was reading some I-hate-my-mom-for-leaving-me posts on a couple other sites earlier. It got me thinking about being in therapy this time last year. The session after Mother's Day, she asked me how the day went. I told her all that we did and then she asked, "But how did you feel about not being a Mother." It totally threw me off-guard. I don't think much about not being a Mother. I never had one of those ticking baby alarms that eventually buzzed me into oblivion. I look at babies and think, Oh how cute (as evidenced by the link in the last post), and then I move on. I don't lay awake at night wishing. When I ask my friends for gift suggestions, it's because I really don't have a clue. I decided a long time ago that I didn't want kids. I'm not really sure what the original reason was, but eventually I grew to believe I wouldn't be able to raise a happy kid. Now, I believe I wouldn't fuck one up any less than the next person, but I'm still not interested. I believe if I can't say with a whole-hearted desire that I want kids, it means I really don't. And I shouldn't. So I won't.

 Lookit! Is this not the urlLink greatest face ?

 The "bun" is now urlLink Lucy !

 Well, I just had another meaningful relationship with my couch. Yes, I even slept through urlLink the game . Why? Because I porked out during the Mother's Day brunch. A recap: half a waffle with banana's, strawberries, pecans and whipped cream. bacon, mushroom and cheddar cheese omelet two glasses of oj (from here I move to multiple glasses of water and tea) antipasta plate: grilled asparagus, zucchini, artichokes, mozzarella, tomatoes and cucumbers from the pasta bar: garlic, chicken, mushrooms, capers and tortellini (no sauce) four chocolate dipped strawberries Then, we waddled over to the spa for a complimentary hand treatment (exfoliation, massage and moisturizer) As we left, we walked by the petting zoo. I heard the pig squeal and grunt. I knew exactly what he meant.

 My urlLink May Day : I meant to take a picture every place I went today, but forgot every time I went into a store, so this is missing pictures of me in three bookstores today. urlLink up and at 'em (mmmm, blurry. can you tell I was happy to be awake?) urlLink my Godson on first urlLink for some reason, I love this picture of him urlLink back home to pick up my recharged phone urlLink Mom and I had rootbeer floats with lunch urlLink stopping by the ATM for mom urlLink me, pre-nap with Schlep urlLink I paid 1.28 per gallon urlLink our skys are gray because of urlLink fires in Mexico urlLink saw urlLink Daddy Daycare ~ formulaic, but cute see it on video/cable urlLink peanuts as an appetizer. throw the shells on the floor. only in Texas. urlLink speedy Godson urlLink Gina, as taken by Antonio urlLink the birthday dad. you can't see it, but he's sitting on a saddle. yep. only in Texas.

 urlLink Not totally unexpected . At least we got less of a spanking. I imagine there'll be quite the party at urlLink Yvonne's tonight ...

 More Alias fans urlLink freaking out .

 Has anyone read the A Series Of Unfortunate Events by urlLink Lemony Snicket ?

 I saw the cutest puppy while out walking earlier today. He was a three month old Shih Tzu with a mop of jet black curly hair. He looked so different from the Shih Tzu's that I've seen, that I had to ask what he was. He was so soft and cuddly. If I could've, I might have snapped him up and run away with him. Then I looked up Shih Tzu's and found they require a lot of maintenance. *sigh* He was so cute ...

 Whoot! Looks like my urlLink favorite author is going to birth a bun this weekend! (Did I tell you that I wrote her during the love-in and she wrote me back? I'm sure it was a generic e-mail she sends everyone, but still!!)

 I was reading urlLink kinkish 's urlLink yahoo palm reading and decided to get mine done: You are intelligent and practical, very likely to have a good memory and the ability to make and follow plans. Leadership skills are among your useful traits. Just be careful not to go to extremes and become a dictator. You may have trouble concentrating or focusing your attention, especially under stress. You have so many interests that you may have trouble deciding which ones to pursue. There may be times in your life when you give in to feelings of sadness or depression. You have the ability to detach your emotions from a situation and make objective decisions. Your personality is dynamic and attractive to most people. The more branches you find in your heart line, the more friends and lovers you will have. However, you may be tempted to treat the opposite sex unkindly. You are naturally charming and inclined to be flirtatious. You have a basically strong constitution, and should enjoy good health most of the time. No matter what other factors influence your personality, there is an under lying sense of practicality that you can draw on if you wish. Yep. That's pretty much me. Except for maybe the flirty thing. Sometimes I flirt and guys miss it (they've told me so).

 urlLink The Friday Five : 1. Would you consider yourself an organized person? Why or why not? Yes. And no. I am very organized at work. My desk is usually immaculate. Everything is in its place. At home I go through spurts of being organized. Right now is not one of those times. 2. Do you keep some type of planner, organizer, calendar, etc. with you, and do you use it regularly? Yes. I bought a Handspring Visor about 15 months ago. At first I missed a paper calendar. Ive recently thought about going back to one because lots of people in my office now use a urlLink Levenger Circa Agenda (which looks very cool). I haven't made the investment yet because now I really cant imagine not having my Visor with me all the time (I've never carried my other calendars home, out on the weekends, etc). 3. Would you say that your desk is organized right now? Yeah. A co-worker looking for something could find it. 4. Do you alphabetize CDs, books, and DVDs, or does it not matter? In the past I have done my CDs that way, but right now they are all out of sight. I just got some new bookshelves, so maybe Ill do my books that way. 5. What's the hardest thing you've ever had to organize? A few years ago my team won a city-wide award. I knew, but couldnt tell them. In the meantime, I had to get them all involved in a video shoot without telling them why and have our CEO and president attend the awards dinner without knowing why. It was a challenge. Maybe this is a different kind of organizational skill, but it took quite a bit of coordination on my part.

 When I woke up this morning, I thought it was Saturday. No, I mean I really thought it was Saturday. Not one of those early morning moments where you wonder what day it was. I believed it was Saturday. And behaved like it was Saturday. Laid in bed. Thought about what to wear. Pondered shaving my legs. Decided what time to leave for my Godsons ballgame at 10:30 a.m. Tried to figure out when I could fit in a trip to the card store. Remembered that I wanted my first shot for my urlLink May Day Project to be my alarm clock. Got up, got the camera. Turned on my computer. Poured a Diet Vanilla Coke. Took some Advil. Read the camera manual some. Used my computer to delete all the pictures currently on the camera (because I couldnt figure out how to delete all). As I was wondering around, I decided I needed to open the blinds in my living room (which I do only when Im going to be home). As I walked towards them, I spotted a box on a chair next to the front door. I thought I was going to mail that on Friday. Imagine the fast forward, rewind my brain did as I realized it was Friday. Yeah. It was funny.

 urlLink From May 12-18, thousands of photographers, professionals and amateurs alike, will have one week to create a digital time capsule of American life.

 More on Alias because I'm still reeling from that season finale: urlLink Is television trying to kill me?

 urlLink urlLink Go Spurs Go!

 urlLink Dr. Jack's Breakdown: Lakers vs. Spurs (Spurs in seven)

 And on the really good news front: we visited mom's radiologist and oncologist today ~ both are pleased with the last course of treatment and she doesn't have to go back for three months!! Yea!!

 An interesting take on the Rambaldi device: urlLink And, of course, stayed up till the wee-est hours to watch the Alias finale--then couldn't sleep a wink, as I couldn't breathe.

 I thought this post on urlLink Blogging Thoughts and Philosophies was pretty interesting. I'm not on many blogrolls, so there's not much for me to get my feelings hurt about. However, I am pretty fickle. You start to bore me and I'm outta here. Perhaps you've noticed.

 urlLink Astrological After Sex Comments

 urlLink LATimes: urlLink Forget the Fear Factor The San Antonio Spurs: in TIM idated no more.

 Before the game started, I finalized wagers with two Lakers fans: urlLink Yvonne and urlLink Tim . Oh, and in case you hadn't heard ... for the second straight year, Spurs forward Tim Duncan has been named the league's MVP , garnering 60 of the possible 119 first-place votes. It is the first time since Michael Jordan in 1991 and 1992 that the same player has been MVP two consecutive years. urlLink And Tony Parker was named one of urlLink 50 Most Beautiful People in the World by People magazine. urlLink Go Spurs Go!

 Scenes from my weekend: urlLink no, that's not a bee... urlLink hello little cow urlLink the cactus blooms were gorgeous urlLink Jeff feeding the cows urlLink cool! a walking stick urlLink yes, I was a helmet-less passenger urlLink the s'mores pit urlLink the cows come home for dinner urlLink a post urlLink Jeff and Linda urlLink foursome urlLink horseshoes

 urlLink "For me, this last stretch of playing against the best teams, that's the way you want it,'' he said. "If you're going to be the champion, be a champion. Go through everybody.''

 I am too stunned from the urlLink Alias season finale to post about my ranchero experience. Tomorrow. I promise.

 Well, I'm off for another weekend quickie get-away. I'll be back tomorrow in plenty o' time for the urlLink Alias season finale. I'm having a party, so if you're in the neighborhood, come on over. The food will be simple, but the commentary will be hilarious. In the meantime, I need your help: I have challenged urlLink Yvonne to a wager for the Spurs/Lakes series. We need to agree on something before the first game on Monday. Any suggestions???

 Again, I'm not so keen on the urlLink Friday Five this week. There's nothing wrong with the questions. Except I just can't answer them. I tried. Honest. So, I'm going to go with the urlLink Weekly Wrap-Up : Birthdays 1. When is your birthday? August 30. 2. How accurate is your zodiac sign? I'm definitely a urlLink Virgo ~ except I'm one of those rare sloppy Virgo's that doesn't like to exercise. 3. What do you typically do to celebrate your birthday? Get together with friends and family. 4. Do you like to receive presents? Why or why not? Sure. Who doesn't? 5. Describe the best birthday and/or present you ever had. I loved my birthday at Kiddie Park. I was probably 7 or 8. But having a party at my house last year was pretty fun too.

 Have I mentioned that my air conditioner ~ the one I bought last September and probably used one month ~ isn't cooling? Have I mentioned that it's 81&deg; in my house. Yes, *in* my house.

 Do you ever feel like you need a day to catch-up with your life? I took one of those yesterday. A day to wash the car, have the oil changed, get it inspected (oops! That expired in February!) those types of things that get lost in the day-to-day living sometimes. I also had a surprise lunch thrown for me by the committee I used to work with. Two of them invited me to lunch and all of them were there. They had many nice things to say about me (they miss me) and they gave me a gift certificate to James Avery (a local jeweler). I really was surprised. And thats unusual. That was pretty much my day getting some necessities done, tidying up the house and, of course, watching the Spurs take care of series one. Bring on the Lakers!

 Two weeks ago I lived in an idealistic world. I thought seriously about not declawing Cory. My electric bill and left knee now dictate otherwise. My electric bill because I have to walk around in jeans all the time. And my left knee for the times I forget. He must only jump up from my left, because my right knee has no landing marks whatsoever.

 Do you ever get lazy. Like impossibly lazy. Where you don't want to do anything inside your house? Cook. Clean. Laundry. I am so there. With today being the one-year anniversary of moving into my house I wish I wasn't here. I wish I was in the make it sparkly-clean mode. I wish I'd thought far enough ahead. I could've had some people over today for a barbecue to celebrate. Maybe on the holiday. But that means I have to snap out of the lazy mode. And pull the dirty dishes out from their hiding spot to wash them.

 The list for the urlLink 26 Things International Photographic Scavenger Hunt will be posted July 1 ~ so sign up today and join the fun!

 I wish you could see their small, innocent faces in my minds eye. So sweet. Unable to know who I am. Grateful I am there. They look up at me while I talk to them. I tell them they can do whatever they want with their lives. That they can break the cycle that brought them to a shelter at such a young age. That they are special. I send them love through my eyes. They often smile back at me. I hope they remember.

 today i cried for my godmother for the very first time today i realized that even though she stands before me she is never coming back today she gave me what i know will become the last picture she ever paints today i am devastated urlLink Alzheimers Association

 urlLink

 The urlLink Friday Five : 1. How are you planning to spend the summer? Just like I do the rest of the year. Working and looking forward to the weekend. I do have a trip to urlLink Park City planned for July. Beyond that, it'll be normal life stuff. 2. What was your first summer job? Working for our Parks and Rec department as a monitor of their free lunch program. I had about a dozen sites that I had to check each day. Make sure everything was the right temp, that the kids were getting the food, etc... 3. If you could go anywhere this summer, where would you go? I've really been itching for a trip to Michigan to see the relatives. Not exotic, but that's where I would go. 4. What was your worst vacation ever? It was such an awful road trip from Georgia to San Antonio that I don't even consider it a vacation. I had a urlLink UTI and was totally miserable the entire trip. Nothing worse than feeling like you need to pee all the time ~ except when it hurts like hell when you do. 5. What was your best vacation ever? I think every vacation is great for a specific reason. But if I had to pick my most favorite, it would be a trip to urlLink Walt Disney World with Elizabeth about four years ago. It was absolutely the best.

 Oh! I got my first birthday card today! Thanks urlLink Kate !

 urlLink oneword . Found via an urlLink interview with urlLink Da Goddess .

 do you ever get restless inexplicably so do you find yourself wandering around your house aimlessly do you finally dress find your car keys and go roll down the window open the sunroof hopefully smell for rain smell the freshcut grass instead do you ever start driving with no destination in mind do you feel yourself feeling lighter wondering how it all began do you find yourself in surprising places wondering what brought you there do you wish you could tell her you miss her but know it would mean much more than that it would be misunderstood do you travel on slowly wandering watching wishing for something and not knowing what do you drive until you've driven too far do you turn around heading home not knowing why you started out not knowing what you found

 I have finished urlLink the book . Wow.

 urlLink Saddam Nabbed Buying Potter Book

 Hello. Remember me? Between evening things and urlLink Harry Potter , I've just been busy. Monday night I had dinner with friends to continue planning the Fall trip. Hotel reservations have been made, flights booked ~ I'm [we're] going to urlLink Boston ! Last night I went to a urlLink Homemade Gourmet show. The distributor makes food from ready-made packets. It was all pretty tasty ~ especially the chicken enchilada soup. I bought several things. Some of the recipes sounded really good. Most prices were in the $3-5 range. I did pass on the $7 chocolate cake mix. Tonight my monthly happy hour group gets together. I don't want to drink too much because I need to go home and urlLink read . I have about 12 chapters left. Friday night I'm going to see urlLink Pat Green at urlLink Floores Country Store . Saturday I'm going to a "Super Singles Meeting Party." It's publicized as a "series of fun, dynamic and innovative activities that enable you to meet new people comfortably. The unique party format assures that you will make new connections with all the people who interest you, both men and women. Throughout the energetic evening you will get to talk, play and laugh easily and with good humor." We shall see. So that's what I've been doing. And you? Oh, and to the person who came here searching for "why does porn make me jealous?" ~ I don't know.

 Erm. Hold on. I broke something. [15 minutes later: yea! I fixed it all by myself!]

 Summer is officially here! urlLink Sex and the City is back and what a great episode! "I feel like a girl of 35." I get *that* (not often enough though!). Loved Carrie's hair. Not so sure about the clothes. And the scene with Aidan? Ow. Miranda. I so want her and Steve to get together, but she's so tight with her heart. She's so much like me. I want her to go for it, so I can live vicariously through her! Charlotte's putz makes me laugh. And Samantha will always be Samantha! Welcome back girls!

 I got all settled in this afternoon. Great reading chair with ottoman. Snack. I was all set. I decided I would make great headway on urlLink the book instead of savoring. Apparently I fell asleep after my third chapter and just now woke up. This does not bode well for sleeping much tonight. *sigh* What is it with me and sitting still for any length of time? And here I've always thought it was something evil about my couch! urlLink Kate and Linda are already finished and I've only read 12 chapters!

 All of my toddlers were gone today. Every last one of them. Some were fostered, others went to the older shelter to make room for an influx of babies. 12 since the last time I was there. Plus three walkers and three crawlers. 18 under-one's. I saw a bruise today on one of the walkers that hurt my heart. Otherwise I fed and rocked from a two-week-old to a four-month-old. They are so beautiful.

 We had a great time at Barnes & Noble last night. Mostly we spent time in the travel section reading books for a trip we're planning in September. B&N had lots of activities and even took polaroids of everyone wearing witch hats and Potter glasses with a Harry cutout. No, we did not look out of place taking our pictures. Yes, I was the youngest of the three at 37 ... what are you implying?

 A cool find via urlLink Zuly : urlLink Steal these buttons

 urlLink Weekly Wrap-Up #60 - Blogrolling 1. Do you offer comments and/or trackback on your blog? Why or why not? Under what circumstances might you pull one or both of these feedback features? I offer comments. Although people rarely leave any. Only a few kind regulars. 2. How do you handle comment trolls? I've never had one. 3. Have you ever used a password protected blog? No. 4. Do you let family, real life friends, or work colleagues read your blog? Why or why not? Most everyone ~ with the exception of my mother ~ has been sent the link. Very few read it. I suppose they get enough of me in real life. 5. Name one person on your blogroll you'd most like to meet. Why did you pick that person? Where would you go and what would you do? I would like to meet urlLink Kate and urlLink Joanie . It would be even more fun if the three of us could meet at the same time. I think we'd have a blast. I see some alcohol imbibing and lots of laughter. Bonus Question: What new blog did you discover this week? Why would you recommend it to others? urlLink Pornblography . It's written by a woman who does porn pr and wants to become a starlet. It's quite graphic, with not-work-friendly photos. I don't know that I would recommend it to many. It's a touchy subject.

 Tonight is Harry Potter night. I'll be at Barnes & Noble for the festivities at 10 p.m. Yes, my book is reserved and I will come home after midnight and start reading.

 I finally have the Blogger upgrade. Looks cool.

 urlLink Cory has his first Vet visit this evening. He was quite the trooper as he got a shot, flea stuff and a pill. Everyone loved him. The doctor believes he's about six weeks old. He was really calm, investigating everything. Didn't even squeal at the shot. Plus, they sent me home with a coupon for a free bag of kitten food and a toy for him!

 The urlLink Friday Five : 1. Is your hair naturally curly, wavy, or straight? Long or short? It is naturally light brown with a slight wave. Right now it is down to my shoulders, with lots of layers. Eye-length bangs. 2. How has your hair changed over your lifetime? Gotten darker. Thank heavens for highlights. 3. How do your normally wear your hair? There's no such thing as "normal" with my hair. I change it all. the. time. Cut it. Grow it. Color it. You name it, I've done it. 4. If you could change your hair this minute, what would it look like? Like my friend and co-worker Ericka's. She has naturally curly hair and it is gorgeous. It makes me jealous. 5. Ever had a hair disaster? What happened? Back when I would color my hair at home I had lots of disasters. Finally I learned my hair will always go red when I do it myself and started doing the salon thing. I do wish it wouldn't cost so much.

 urlLink Mother Is Stopped for Breastfeeding While Driving Stupid woman. Donkers also claims she did nothing wrong ...Donkers said she doesn't think her actions were excessively dangerous...It's lawful for me to nurse my child while I'm driving...she stops at the rest stop to nurse. But, that turns a five-hour trip into a seven-hour trip and she had things to do. She had things to do ?! What like stop suddenly and pitch her child through the windshield?

 urlLink

 urlLink From where I stand, there is nothing wrong with the NBA except the media's seemingly constant need to hammer on the negative.

 urlLink urlLink City to host SBC 2003 Spurs Championship Celebration ~ today ! I'm leaving work early to get a place along the parade route ~ I can hardly wait!

 A group of us went to see the urlLink American Originals at the urlLink Witte Museum . It is nicely done. If it comes to your town (it's a traveling exhibit), you must go.

 I mentioned on Sunday my nemesis from years ago. I mentioned what a relief it was that she moved away. I was relieved because I used to see her all. the. time. It was a relief to not have to watch for her. Worry about her coming up to talk with me, so we could "be friends." As if. Guess who I saw today? Dammit.

 urlLink Spurs Championship Celebration

 urlLink urlLink "I've had some ups and downs in my career, but I'm going to end on the highest of highs. I just praise God. This has been unbelievable."

 urlLink urlLink Mr. Robinson Goes Out an NBA Champion

 urlLink urlLink It wasnt always pretty, but its official. The Spurs are NBA champions. No ands, ifs or asterisks about it.

 This is a happy, happy day. I am so excited for our team. They really are a great group of guys. I am most excited for urlLink David Robinson . He so deserves to go out with his second Championship. I am so proud of them! Go Spurs Go!

 As I have mentioned here before, the "great love of my life" was a cheater. I just saw the last girl he cheated on me with [read: last does not mean first]. She got married and moved away several years ago ~ right after the ex did ~ which was very much a relief to me. I'd heard she might return to town, but to see her tonight was a shock. It was like someone kicked me in the stomach. It made me feel like vomiting. Then I read that Kate is urlLink BBQ'ing again tonight and I thought Yum, grilled hot dogs.... Don't worry, I'll be back from the store before urlLink THE GAME starts.

 Saw urlLink Finding Nemo yesterday. I liked it. Godson liked it. Sister thought it was only "ok."

 Boy, I'd sure like to urlLink work for urlLink Google . But, alas, I'm not moving to Moutain View, California, anytime soon [which is where the positions I would like are based].

 urlLink simple pleasures nicely done by urlLink kinkish

 Well. I tried unsuccessfully to get Spurs tickets for the last game of the series tomorrow night. Tickets sold out in 12 minutes. I so wanted to be there when they won. *sigh*

 Like, oh my gawd! urlLink Translate ANY Site into VALspeak, like, totally !!! He got online and found the Cory cactus became: Like, he got on-dweebnet and scoped the Cory cactus. Totally snarked from urlLink kinkish .

 urlLink happy birthday to you! happy birthday to you! happy birthday dear urlLink Kate !!!!!!!!!! happy birthday tooo youuuuu! and many more ....

 Give me a break: urlLink Wrigley Chews Over Idea of Viagra Gum

 Watch out. I'm going to become one of those people who talk about their pets incessantly. When I got home, Cody was stuck in the bathtub. Guess he could get in, but not out. No telling how long he'd been in there, but an old sticky name tag was stuck to his butt (I put the trash basket in there to keep him away from it).

 urlLink So, can the Spurs indeed overcome their own formidable yet subtle deficiencies? Or will they "allow" the Nets to keep on winning? Whatever the answers might be, and no matter how sloppy the games are, an NBA title is at stake, and the human chess-game remains a fascinating process.

 The urlLink Friday Five : 1. What's one thing you've always wanted to do, but never have? Go to Paris was the first thing that popped into my head [maybe I could go see the Spurs play the Memphis Grizzlies at Bercy Arena in Paris on October 8]. Win the lottery was second. 2. When someone asks your opinion about a new haircut/outfit/etc, are you always honest? Yes. Luckily, if it's negative feedback I think I choose my words well enough that they dont seem to be offended. It seems I am forever telling someone they need a haircut or new highlights or something. 3. Have you ever found out something about a friend and then wished you hadn't? What happened? Yes. She was drunk and told me her second child wasnt really her husbands. It felt like a real burden. I told a mutual friend it felt like I handed the burden over to her, cause I dont think about it anymore. 4. If you could live in any fictional world (from a book/movie/game/etc.) which would it be and why? Right now I would choose a romance novel, cause I could use some. 5. What's one talent/skill you don't have but always wanted? I wish I was more athletically inclined.

 I have a little munchkin on my lap right now. I had to break down and put on jeans and socks ~ I've never had a kitten this small before, so I've never dealt with the claws ... But, I must confess ... I'm in love. He's a sweetheart.

 urlLink My boss said I could leave Cory here all day. I am too working.

 urlLink Meet Cory. He's coming home with me today. Here's his story: Kitten needs a home. Was driving home sunday and saw a baby kitten on the side of the road. It was crying very loud from the cactus stickers that were pertruding from all over its body and was extremely hungry. Since I have two dogs, and a cat already, this would not be a good mix for us at this time. Please help find a home for this cat that is now called "Lucky". Contact Tim Tim is a friend at work. He asked this morning if I was going to keep the name "Lucky." I told him I was going to wait and see if it fit. That I had been trying to think of a cactus name, but "Yucca" didn't seem right. He got online and found the Cory cactus. I like it.

 I know I haven't been writing much. Too caught up in urlLink Spurs Fever , I guess. I promise things will be back to normal early next week. Sunday will be the last game of the urlLink Finals . That's my prediction. In the meantime, if you have a topic you'd like me to write about, leave a comment. Here's your one time to ask me anything and I promise to answer it.

 urlLink Hormone Hostage . Go on girls, you know there'll be some chocolate involved.

 urlLink No Bra Required . A fellow San Antonian. She has cancer and adoption stories worth reading.

 I love urlLink Google News . Where else can I find 1104 articles on the urlLink Spurs at one time?

 urlLink It's impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.

 I have joined urlLink The biggest losers in the blogoverse . Who wants to join me?

 It is here. It is breathtaking. My photos don't do it justice. It makes me very proud to know I played a small roll in bringing the urlLink Fiesta Tower to urlLink San Antonio . urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink

 The urlLink Friday Five , on love: 1. How many times have you truly been in love? I read the questions before I left work so I could think about the answers on my drive home. I decided I have been in love once. I have had huge crushes. I've been in like. I've been in lust. I've had unrequited love. There are even those I've said the "L word" to. But only one true love. We've been apart over 10 years now. Thinking about it reminded me of the Reba McEntyre song urlLink What If It's You : Cause I believe there's one soul on this earth That was meant for mine I was sent here to find What if it's you What if our hearts were meant to be one What'll I do Knowing that I'll never love anyone As much as I do love you I don't "do love" him anymore, but I do wonder if I will ever find that feeling again. God help me if he was it. 2. What was/is so great about the person you love(d) the most? He made me laugh. A lot. We completed/complemented each other. Actually, it's hard to remember the good things now since he turned out to be a lying, cheating jerk. 3. What qualities should a significant other have? Needless to say, trustworthiness is high on my list now. Someone with a sense of humor, integrity, honor. He must be kind and gentle. Someone who wants to make my life a better place. I want him to enjoy his work, have a life beyond me. Someone who likes to travel. Who will want to share the world with me. He has to be interested in learning, growing, evolving. I want to find someone who likes me in addition to loving me. 4. Have you ever broken someone's heart? I guess so. 5. If there was one thing you could teach people about love, what would it be? It is a precious gift. Don't take it for granted.

 I exchanged my I-have-no-idea-why-it-stopped-working pedometer for a new one this evening. Hopefully this one will survive tomorrow.

 With a little help from an e-mail, I figured out the piercing thing today. At 37, I still have a little bit of the rebel left in me. But these days, everyone seems to have a piercing, so maybe it's not so rebel-ish if I do the belly button thing. Hmmm, what to do, what to do ... seems there should be something I can do to release the rebel in me. In a not so rebel-ish way.

 Oh, how I wish everyone on my blogroll pinged. It would be so helpful!

 urlLink

 He's my man: Asked if there was any way he would return to the NBA, urlLink David said, "No chance. One thing most people don't understand is once God settles my heart, it's done. I'll be the world's tallest elementary school cheerleader." It's been 13 years since a rookie, urlLink David Robinson , promised a group of fifth graders at San Antonio's Gates Elementary that if they stayed in school, his charitable foundation would help pay their college tuition .... Robinson even attended Homer's high-school graduation, yet he refused the school's offer to sit on the stage with the other dignitaries. "He's one of a kind," teammate Steve Smith said of urlLink Robinson . "It looks like he's just going to ride into the sunset in the best possible way. He's enjoyed this whole ride of his last year. He's smiling more. Having more fun. He's not one of these guys who's says he's going to retire, then comes back. So he's enjoying this whole trip." "To urlLink win this championship would be phenomenal," he said. "Its what Ive been playing for." Spurs fans don't care. To them, he's still "5-0," the most decorated player in team history and one of the urlLink classiest acts in all of pro sports. Everybody talks about me sacrificing my game," urlLink Robinson says, "but I didn't really think I was sacrificing my game. I just thought if we want to win, this is the way we need to play."

 ::::: Happy dance :::::

 I've been having an odd impulse lately to pierce my belly button or get a tattoo. Monday night as I drove home from buying the pedometer-destined-to-die-the-next-day, I almost stopped and got my belly button pierced. I don't know why. The pain issue and healing horror stories prevent me. I'm not sure what it is that makes me crave one. If they'd been "in" when I was in college, I'm sure I would have gotten one. Maybe I'm trying to recapture some of my misspent youth. But, you've seen me, I'm not slim chicken, so it's not like I'm going to be showing it off wearing low-slung jeans or anything ~ so no one will ever see it. Unless I'm rolling around in bed with someone ... hmmm, like I said, no one will ever see it. So why?

 ok, who thought Lisa Marie was lip-synching? ::::: raising my hand :::::

 urlLink Only Thing Certain in Finals Is That Lakers Won't Repeat [New York Times free registration required] urlLink THE PICK: Spurs in seven. urlLink Only seers and fools publicly predict the outcome of sporting events. I know I'm not the former, and I hope I'm not the latter. I can only expect a highly competitive series. And I can only hope for a triple-overtime in the seventh game. urlLink ... and my pick is Spurs in five urlLink Spurs in six

 Laugh with me here ... I bought a pedometer yesterday. I dropped in the toilet today [I *thought* it was securely fastened to my pants]. Should I take it as a sign?

 My mom has never seen this site. She knows it exists, but has never been here. I started my blogspot to talk about her journey through cancer. It was to be a safe place to "talk" about what was going on. A space where I wouldn't have to worry about hurting her feelings or worrying her. As it's evolved, I talk less about her (cancer is in remission right now) and more about my life in general. Yeah, sometimes I vent about her and wouldn't want her to see it, but mostly I wouldn't give her the address now because on occasion I might say something about s-e-x. Heaven forbid. Sometimes I think about sharing this with her. Like tonight she asked me about what was on urlLink another site . Uh, funny stuff? It caught me off-guard. I don't think I would send her there either. Because, well, she's my mom and sometimes he talks about s-e-x too. I think urlLink Kate might have the only G-rated site I read. And even then, she urlLink lets one out on occasion. But if I share it with her, then I can't ponder topics like ... 3 out of 4 Ya-Ya's refuse to have sex during their period. No throw-a-towel-underneath. Even if they are on vacation and have hotel sheets. It is "gross," "yicky," "dirty," etc... All 3 are married. Personally, I just think it's just an excuse to get a "legitimate" week "off" ~ if you know what I mean.

 urlLink the assignment: to seek out the twenty six themes/objects on the list and photograph them over the given period of time.

 An animated urlLink Hulk is wrong, just wrong. Don't people know urlLink Lou Ferrigno will always be urlLink The Incredible Hulk !??

 I swear, this obsession will all be over in 18 days or so. urlLink Will the well-rested, red-hot Nets beat the Spurs and bring home a title to Jersey? Nope. urlLink Dr. Jack: Spurs in six

 A few thoughts from my day ... A lot of people have asked me how I can volunteer at the children's shelter. I guess because I don't see them as children who have been harmed in some way. I see them as children. It just feels like I'm helping out at a daycare. But today, I did have a moment. As I fed a six-week-old boy his bottle. I caught myself thinking, Little man, what has happened in your short life to get you here? I probably don't want to know. At the grocery store, my car was parked directly in front of the lane where you can leave your cart. Next to it was an empty space. From the empty space, a woman was loading her car. She pushed her cart a little further into the empty space and left it there. I made a few faces as I pushed mine into the holder and then dramatically got hers and put it away too. She waved. Whatever. At my Godson's ball game this afternoon, against a team I do not like (they have a coach that is so hard on the kids he's been ejected from game s and their parents are just as bad) there was a dispute over a call. Their score keeper was walking towards the discussion when the parents stopped her (don't ask me why we were sitting in enemy territory ~ for the shade, I guess). "What are you doing?" She explained what happened. They told her, "Don't go over there and help them out. Make them come ask you. And if they don't, 'oh, well' ! " So she turned back around. Mind you, these are two teams from CATHOLIC churches. This time I refrained from the gestures and just said, So much for being a Christian team . They got real quiet after that. I mean really?!! What kind of values are these parents instilling in their children while playing on a church team? I. Don't. Get. It.

 I spilled a little caffeine free diet coke on my keyboard earlier. Now my numbers three, four and six don't work. Everything else is fine. Do you think they'll work again some day? See, Cory wants to chase my fingers while I type. So he jumps from the floor behind me and lands claws-out on my back. Typically, that makes me jump. And cuss. This one time I happened to be taking a drink when he did it. So there was jumping, cussing and spilling all at once. I think he does it on purpose. Just for the show.

 I'd forgotten how much nail polish remover it takes to remove red nail polish, which chips in like, oh, a millisecond. I learned today that if you Yahoo " urlLink Susan " you get me at 18. I think that's weird. Out of all the Susan's in the world .... I'm right there after Susan Orlean the writer and Susan's Place for Transgendered Resources.

 I'm very excited. Tonight I'm going to see the urlLink Dixie Chicks ! Jill got last minute tickets through a contact. I don't know where they are and I don't care!! I have commented here many times that I love the urlLink Home album. It's funny the reaction I am getting. "Oh, I would never go see them now ." Um, last time I checked, all the Chicks did this spring was use one of their inalienable rights Freedom of Speech . Even President Bush himself said, "The Dixie Chicks are free to speak their mind. They can say what they want to sayThat's the great thing about America. It stands in stark contrast to Iraq, by the way." Even urlLink The Boss said, "Right now, we are supposedly fighting to create freedom in Iraq, at the same time that some are trying to intimidate and punish people for using that same freedom here at home." And they are both right. urlLink The First Amendment of The Constitution of the United States of America clearly states "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances." Even if I did not necessarily agree with the Chicks and I especially disapproved of their venue, I can respect their right to say what they think. It's weird. Feeling like you have to defend your musical taste.

 urlLink From urlLink Kuwait/Iraq : my cousin-in-law Robert He and my cousin Autumn are expecting their first child Anesa Violet in October. I hope he makes it home very soon.

 A sad day. urlLink Bob Hope died . Soon, all the old greats will be gone and we'll be left with the Ashton Kutcher's of the world. Sad, indeed.

 I missed the last two weeks at the shelter, so I was really looking forward to seeing my kids when I went this morning. Only three familiar faces were still there. The rest were all new. These kids are so sweet. They just want some attention. From someone. Anyone . They want you to smile at them. Touch their cheek. Tousle their hair. They want someone to get on the floor with them and play cars. Someone to make them giggle. Today I fed an 18-day-old. There was a four-month-old with a broken arm. I know. It's terrible. But rather than get mad (ok, sometimes I do), I thank God they are safe now. I pray that they have a new future ~ full of hope and gentle, loving parents.

 I had weird dreams last night. I think it's a combination of my new medication and a new book, She Flew the Coop , a novel concerning life, death, sex and recipes in Limoges, Louisiana. There's a lot of sex and quite a few affairs. The dream I most remember involved my ex and someone he was having an affair with (he's married). I don't remember all the reasons I was involved, but I kept trying to tell her (the mistress) that I was not a threat, because I would never take him back. Go me. I finished True Confessions a few days ago. It was a sweet, romantic read that I really enjoyed. So many others of this genre are stereotypical, and maybe this one is too, but it's worth the read. Speaking of the urlLink Lexapro . I didn't take any on Friday and only 10 mg (instead of 20) yesterday and today. I feel loads better. I read on the site that "In clinical trials, Lexapro 10 mg/day demonstrated comparable efficacy to a higher dose of Celexa 40 mg/day." So, yes, I am self-medicating. And yes, I will talk with my doctor about it.

 I painted my nails Revlon Red today. I wanted red toenails for my sandals on Friday. I decided to paint my finernails too. They look fabulous. I used to wear red all the time, particularly when I had "fake" nails. I'm certain it'll get some looks tomorrow. Post tatoo and piercing, people are really starting to think I'm a wild child! (shhhh! That's our little secret!)

 Today I made some urlLink faux creamy parmesan risotto . Tonight I warmed some up with crumbled bacon pieces and extra parmesan. Fabulous!

 Tonight, urlLink Charlotte and Harry made me cry.

 I did something this morning that I have never done before. I confronted an asshole. I am not a confrontational person. I don't like arguments. However, I am not afraid to voice my opinion when I feel the situation deserves it. Mom's car is in the garage again, so I took her to work at church this morning. She likes to stop at McDonald's and get a cup of "senior" coffee. Once I was in the parking lot, in the drive-thru lane, another car pulled in from a different entrance. Basically we were both headed for the drive-thru, but I got there first. Once I was in line (there was already a car a head of me), the person behind me honked. Because in those situations, my general response is Whatever , that's what I thought this morning. I couldn't see him until I pulled up to order. He didn't make any faces or gestures. Until he thought I couldn't see. As I started to pull forward, he shot at me. Shot. At. Me. With his fingers. Now, the finger wave I would've just let go. But today, I threw my car into reverse and backed up so he could see me. I just stared for a second. I really hadn't thought out what to say. "What?" he yelled. You feel better now? "Actually I feel like ramming the back of your car right now. I hate rude people." [um, hello? Pot calling the kettle black?] Really, is it worth it to behave like that in the drive-thru at McDonald's ?! I pulled forward as he yelled Lord knows what at me. I was hoping his wife in the front seat was feeling mighty proud of her man at that moment.

 Pepperidge Farm has come out with "mini" versions of their cookies. I can tell you by personal experience with a bag of Mini Brussels this evening that this is bad, very bad.

 Someone sent this to me in an e-mail today and I thought I would share. A Beautiful Prayer.... I asked God to take away my habit. God said, No. It is not for me to take away, but for you to give it up. I asked God to make my handicapped child whole. God said, No. His spirit is whole, his body is only temporary I asked God to grant me patience. God said, No. Patience is a byproduct of tribulations; it isn't granted, it is learned. I asked God to give me happiness. God said, No. I give you blessings; Happiness is up to you. I asked God to spare me pain. God said, No. Suffering draws you apart from worldly cares and brings you closer to me. I asked God to make my spirit grow. God said, No. You must grow on your own, but I will prune you to make you fruitful. I asked God for all things that I might enjoy life. God said, No. I will give you life, so that you may enjoy all things. I ask God to help me LOVE others, as much as He loves me. God said... Ahhhh, finally you have the idea. This day is yours don't throw it away. May God bless you, "To the world you might be one person, but to one person you just might be the world."

 Hello. Yes, I know I am being unusually quiet. I don't think I mentioned here that my insurance decided not to cover my anti-depressant anymore. I started taking the new one on Monday and I'm feeling, well, a little funky. Like, right now, I can feel my lips. Most days, they just sit there. My doctor originally told me to give it two weeks, but I don't think I can wait that long. I am so tired. I am headed to bed now. That's after not dragging myself out of bed this morning till 8:15 a.m., plus I laid down at work about 45 minutes this afternoon. I remember feeling tired last time, but not this tired. Anyway. I expect I'll be back to normal eventually. Whatever normal is.

 It's funny the reactions I am getting about the tattoo. From mom's limited reaction to Jill's "What is going on with you?!" to Jeff's "is it shock value? do you need attention? do you need a hug? what does your therapist say?" I didn't really think about what people would think. And now I am thinking about it too much.

 So, my favorite guess was "bak? bak?" Even my mom laughed at that one. Speaking of whom, she also guessed that I would chicken out. Surprise, surprise. I did both . We went to a parlor in Salt Lake City (those wild mormons!). I looked through some drawings and photo books for the perfect heart tattoo. I found one I liked and modified it some. The tattoo artist took what I liked and went back to draw it free form. In the meantime, I asked about getting my belly button pierced. The counter guy made some calls and the piercer came over. He took me back to his station. I was pretty nervous and very chatty. My friend Karla kept trying to tell me it wasn't bad at all. In the end, he does it so fast, you don't have time to second guess yourself. A little cleaning of the area. Flip you back in a dentist-like chair. Pull the skin together with a tweezer-like gadget and bam the needle goes through. He sticks the barbell in and it's over. Did it hurt? For about 5 seconds. I was sooo surprised. It was like Oh! Ohhhhh.... I'm really thrilled with it. A few minutes later that tattoo guy called me back. He showed me what he had drawn and I asked for it to be smaller. Then he imprinted the outline near my ankle. I had him move it over some. Then the needle came out. At first, it was just annoying. Not real pain. Just annoying. First the outline in black. Then the orange. Then some spots of red. Then the yellow. I am ow!-ing and squirming a bit now. Then the white. At this point I don't even try to mask that it hurts . A lot. I am gritting my teeth. Squirming big time and ow!-ing a lot and loudly. Finally it's over. I'm guessing it took about 30 minutes. My first thoughts were, Omigod. That's big. Really big. Too big. Oh, but it's pretty. Omigod that's big! I am more accepting today, but still freaking out some. I know once I get past the plastic wrap stage and see it more I will be really excited about it. I showed my mom my piercing after I got home yesterday. She couldn't watch me get my ears pierced, so seeing the belly ring didn't thrill her. I didn't mention the tat until tonight. She came over to bring me some fruit so I decided I would get it over with ... me: I need to show you what else I did while I was gone mom: [very suspiciously] what? me: [placing my foot on the table in front of her] I got a tattoo mom: is that a real tattoo? me: yes mom: oh. well, it's pretty me: wow. you handled that really well! mom: well, it's an hour late and a dollar short now Go mom! I told her about telling Jill today. How shocked she was. "What is going on with you?!" she asked. I think this is more true to my personality. I think being on the anti-depressant helps me act on it. Mom's response to that? "Oh. I don't know. You used to be really anal retentive." Um. Thanks mom. urlLink the piercing urlLink the needle urlLink the outline urlLink some color urlLink more color urlLink the finished tattoo urlLink up close and personal urlLink my friend Karla ~ isn't she pretty?

 Hola. I'm back from Park City. Had a wonderful time. While I was there, I... ... got my bellybutton pierced ... got a tattoo ... got my bellybutton pierced and a tattoo ... chickened out and did neither What's your guess?

 I leave tomorrow after work for a weekend trip to urlLink Park City and will be offline till Sunday, so have a great weekend!

 I noticed today that someone found me via urlLink about.com . I thought it was kind of interesting, so I went to the site and found myself in their personal web section under urlLink women n-z : Says Me [New] This is a woman with a lot to say. She gives her perspective on a number of different subjects and also tells you about her life.

 From my urlLink Calorie King newsletter this morning: "The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitudes of mind." William James (1842 - 1910) How appropriate considering yesterday's conversation.

 "It's time to make a decision," she said. "Who do you want to be?" It felt like a Carrie moment from Sex in the City. As she sits at her computer and writes out the theme of the show. This must be my episode. Who do I want to be? I've hit a plateau in my depression. I've gone from feeling really great to feeling ok. I'm still keeping busy and doing what I'm supposed to do, but it's not bringing me the joy it did ~ even just a month ago. Remember the piercing and tattooing conversations? I feel so middle of the road about it now. It's like my rebel has gone back into hiding. My choices of who to be? Let's see: Me choosing to be ok just as I am right now ~ single and overweight. Me choosing to find a boy and not worry about my weight. Me choosing to lose weight and not worry about a boy. Me choosing to lose weight and find a boy. It seems right now I am just floating through my life, not making a decision ~ just waiting for something to happen. So, it's come time to choose. Who do I want to be?

 urlLink I received some beautiful flowers this week. Unfortunately, I think I'm allergic to them. Snuffle. Sniff. Sneeze. *damn*

 Five gay men, out to make over the world one straight guy at time. urlLink urlLink Straight guys remade -- by 'Queer Eye' urlLink The inspiration behind 'Queer Eye' This show looks absolutely hysterical!

 So, is anyone doing the urlLink Blogathon ? It sounds interesting to me, but I'm such a weekend napper, I don't think I could stay awake the 24 hours.

 Seems the urlLink Friday Five is becoming a regular Sunday Five for me ... 1. Do you remember your first best friend? Who was it? Irene. My next door neighbor growing up. In elementary school it was Shannon. In 8th grade I met Sandy. 2. Are you still in touch with this person? Irene? No. I expect I'll see her at my high school reunion next month. Shannon? No. I expect I'll never see her again. Sandy? Yeah. I expect I'll see her soon. 3. Do you have a current close friend? Sandy. She knows me better than I think. Plus Linda. Karla. Jill. Elizabeth. I'm pretty lucky. 4. How did you become friends with this person? Sandy transferred into my 8th grade history class about mid-year. She was the cousin of a friend. After a school field trip, we were one of the first back in the classroom, so I thought I would be polite and make conversation. So, how long have you known Carolyn? "All my life." After the blonde moment passed, we laughed and have been friends ever since. 5. Is there a friend from your past that you wish you were still in contact with? Why? I used to think it was Tricia. Then I had a dream that made me realize it would never happen. So I let go. I do think of others on occasion. Wish they were around.

 Oh, urlLink Charlotte ~ why ? Why ??

 Cory and I are walking around today like we have a hangover. But we don't. The party went really well, although people left much earlier than I expected. I guess that's what happens when you start it at 6 p.m. Cory gets to sleep in my room until he wakes up and wants to play. Usually that's sometime in the 1 a.m. timeframe. Today it was 6:15 a.m. The partygoers really wore him out.

 Let's see. In way of an update. Last night I took my neighbor some ice cream and root beer as a thank you for mowing my front yard. So he mowed the back yard for me! Yay! We clipped Cory's fingernails for the first time. He was not a happy camper. Tonight I'm having about 10 people over for a going-away of sorts. Elizabeth is moving to Boulder on Wednesday. She's moving away but I'll see her next month for my birthday and then we go to Boston. We're having: seven-layer dip & chips, chicken & beef fajitas, guacamole, rice, beans and blonde & buttercrunch brownies for dessert. This is one of those occasions where I see where my Celexa makes such a difference in my life. I used to be such an uptight hostess. Worried about people seeing dust, the floor not sparkling. Now, I tidy up some, but not obsessively. I'm so laid back about the menu, that I just got up from a nap and I haven't done one single thing yet (people are coming at 6 p.m.). Because I just know it will all come together.

 Anyone have a good seven-layer dip recipe?

 I just listed a whole bunch of books on urlLink half.com , so if you see one of these from txske ~ that's me (so you know it's safe to buy)! Truly Madly Yours Angela's Ashes Back When We Were Grownups Corrections Lola Carlyle Reveals All Last Chance Saloon Confessions of a Shopaholic Kick Me Morality for Beautiful Girls The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency Tears of the Giraffe Walking the Bible See Jane Score Weblog Handbook Apocalipstick Writing Down the Bones A Girl Named Zippy The Day I Turned Uncool Skipping Christmas Making Minty Malone Truly Madly Yours See Jane Date Finding What You Didn't Lose

 I came home tonight and one of my neighbors had mowed my front yard. Pretty cool, huh?

 A new toast from my friend Jill: I am only as strong as the cocktails I drink, the hairspray I use and the friends I have. Here's to you!

 From my reunion website then urlLink and now urlLink I'm still working on my "bio." If you have any crazy suggestions, let me know.

 This evening I found what the dogs must've been after. There was a beautiful grey kitten just off my patio. Dead. I guess it died after I "scared" them off. Yes, I did what any single woman with a new kitten would do. I called my mom. If she hadn't been around, I'd have gone to my neighbors. We got it bundled up and then drove around looking for a dumpster to leave it in. Mom was all, "too bright," "too busy," "too close to the street." We drive. Mom, what are you looking for? "An empty field." Mom, I live in the middle of the city. There are no empty fields around here. Finally we find one. We have to drive around the block to "make sure." I start laughing. "What?" Well, you'd never make a ... "You mean I'm not the person who could get rid of a dead body?" Um, no. We finally did it. She dropped me back at home. As I got out of the car she said, "Don't tell anyone."

 I had no idea I was so popular. No, really. I just got my third phone call about my high school reunion. Last week it got really ugly and they pulled out the big gun: our high school quarterback. I wasn't popular in high school. No, really. I was known because I was the editor of our newspaper. I was geeky and dorky and all of that. I wore braces and glasses. Nerdy clothes. I never dated. That's why I'm a little confused by all the attention. The call today came because someone asked about me in the guest book. Wanting to know where I am. The response, "Susan has been contacted and knows about the sign up ... whether she will is undetermined ... Come on Susan ..." By the end of the conversation I acquiesced. Now the site says, "It took coercing and the threat of fabricated gossip, but nevertheless Susan has been convinced to attend." I have to admit I'm surprised. No, really. And a little flattered too. But now the dilemma really begins. Everyone has written these bios about themselves for the site and have included current photos. I think I need to make up something really exotic about myself to include. (i.e.: I just walked away from my sixth divorce with the best settlement yet!) Any suggestions?

 bark bark bark 3:15 a.m. A dog barking. That's unusual. bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark I wonder if the guys next door let their dog out and now he wants back in. 3:30 a.m. How rude. Whose dog is that? bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark I lift my head off my pillow. bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark Hmmmm. That sounds like my backyard. But I don't have a dog. What's if it's George? What if someone adopted him, he escaped and found his way back here? What will I do? Now, with the cat. I can't keep him in the house. And he'll destroy the backdoor. Oh, this is a problem. No, wait. If it was George, he'd be tearing down the door already. bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark I get up. Get my glasses. Look out the window. Sure enough. Two dogs. On my back patio. Barking at something. bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark I flip on the light. Whatever they were stalking is under the stair. The white dog starts waging it's tail. The dark dog acts indignant and stomps off. The white dog stands around for a minute then follows. I'm guessing I saved the life of whatever that was under the step.

 urlLink The blogosphere is a chaotic, disorganized universe of diary-style Web pages called Web logs blogs for short.

 I got in the car and drove again tonight. I don't know what it is about this restlessness that compels me to drive. I don't think better when I drive. I talk more. But I was alone. I guess I could talk to myself. I found myself at Lowe's picking paint chips for my bedroom. Browns. They look fabulous is my mind's eye. In person they looked a little scary. Then I went to Borders. I never go to Borders. I'm a Barnes & Noble girl. I wandered around. Looked at the magazines. Looked at the bargain books. The new paperbacks. And then I saw it. The reason I was to leave my house tonight. And he looked away. You know, in that "I just got caught looking at you" kind of way. He looked away. So I did too. I kept going. Past the very boy I talked about in therapy today. He looked away. I stood in the history section thinking about him. Thinking that I had just been talking about him. Then there he was. And he looked away. There's no reason why he should. Except maybe for his wife. She doesn't like me much. Probably understandably so. He looked away. We talked about all the significant boys today. He was the first in line. I probably fell about fourth grade. He's the one my mom wanted me to marry. I'm the one his mom wanted him to marry. And yet we didn't. I imagine there was some spite involved. It was weird going to his wedding. I had to leave during their first dance. I just didn't want to see. He looked away. I stood there in the history section thinking about what we could talk about. My mom. His mom. His kids. Is he going to his reunion? But he looked away. So I did too. I let him catch me. Let him know I knew. They bought their books and left. He never looked back.

 I'm on my 30th book for the year. It's only July and I barely read that many books all of last year. I need to go back and look, but I think my goal for 2003 is 35 books. Hmmm.

 New shots of Cory. Now, remember, when I got him from Tim on July 10, I could hold him in one hand: urlLink urlLink urlLink see those nails? urlLink urlLink his favorite chew toy ~ me!

 I confess, it's true. The older I get, the nerdier I get. Things that would have never piqued my interest when I was younger now excite me. Like the opening of the new urlLink National Constitution Center in Philadelphia. I saw a preview on the news last week and in a urlLink USA Today article. I really , really want to go there. I've been to Philly once. I remember a few select things now, but not the entire trip. I remember taking the train into town because no one wanted to drive in the "city." I remember the Liberty Bell. I dont remember if I understood the significance of it. Mostly, I remember seeing my first homeless person/beggar. It shocked me to my core. I had no idea such people existed. I don't remember this, but my mom said it made me cry. The older I get, the more I realize how little I know. About our country. Our history. It's shameful. urlLink The article asks, "Will tourists really pay to re-learn what they have forgotten from high school?" Yes, I would. And I hope many more will with me. I can stand with the masses and admit that I could potentially be scathed on urlLink Jaywalking . And that is a disgrace to my country and what it ~ we ~ stand for. Well, that was not the soapbox I was aiming for. I was going for the nerdy-adult thing. Because history really does excite me now. Maybe I'm a little ashamed because I swore during my DC visit that I would make re-learning American history one of my goals. Well, at least the year is only half over, right?

 urlLink what the heck was this adult male doing in a hotel room with a woman who is not his wife?

 urlLink Weekly Wrap-Up #61 - Pamper Me 1. Do you like to indulge? Yes. Why or why not? Life is too short to not enjoy everything about it. Why not treat yourself? How does indulging mean something to you that it might not mean to others? Most of my indulgences are around events. Special occasions. I get massages and the like regularly for myself, so I don't really think of them as indulgences. A massage for someone else might really be a big deal. 2. What is the most indulgent thing you ever bought for yourself? This is hard. Because usually if I want something, I buy it. Regardless if it is a necessity or luxury. Some things I put off (I talked myself out of a television for my room on Thursday). The one thing that comes to mind is my trip to London last November. That was a splurge outside of my norm. For someone else? Why did you buy it? That's hard too. I like to think of myself as generous, so I buy stuff for people that I think they will like (or not buy for themselves). 3. A friend or loved one buys you a day of pampering at a local salon. What elements do you most look forward to experiencing? Why? The massage. I love massages and have an RMT I visit regularly. The pedicure. I've never been much of a foot person, so it's a real indulgence when I do. The hand/arm massage. It's one of the appendages we use the most and basically ignore. I love when someone works on my arms and hands. Luscious.

 I love urlLink Sex in the City . I know they say it's written by gay men for gay men, but it's so not. I loved today, "Can you have a future if your past lives in the present?" Well said. urlLink Sex And The City Treat Yourself Like A Star Sweepstakes

 I took Thursday as a vacation day. I guess my blog brain has taken some time too. It's muggy here. Thick and humid. My glasses fogged up when I opened the door to get my mail. It is hard to keep my house cool. I've done nothing today. Well, that's not totally true. I've eaten and napped and watched tv. That's close to nothing, right? I think if I laid down right now I would nap again. Yesterday I had friends over. We barbecued. Went to see Charlie's Angels. Came home and made sundaes. Watched the Boston Pops. Drove to see fireworks from Elizabeth's convertible. It was a nice day. Not weather wise (we had an umbrella over the grill). Pleasant company. Terrible movie (bad sound, so we got free passes). Really, I'm generally pretty easy on movies, but it was BAD. Disappointingly bad. Even Cory is tired today. We napped earlier and he's sleeping now. I think we should move to the couch together ...

 Happy Fourth of July, y'all!

 On my way to the ladies room there was an older man in the hallway. He had on shorts, white walking shoes and black knee-high socks. Just as I passed him, he farted.

 Is that weather.com thing on the right too big for my page? Opinions, please.

 I've been cleaning. I think my impossibly lazy post knocked some sense into me. That, and I am having people over Friday to celebrate the 4th. Last night I touched boxes in my bathroom closet that I haven't looked in since I put them there [a year ago!]. Lets just say the garbage man will be surprised on Thursday. Usually I don't have much to put out, but I figured if I hadn't touched it in a year I didn't need it. Speaking of Thursday, I am taking the day off and I can hardly wait. The house should be totally clean by then, so it can just be a play day. I told mom I would come take her out to lunch. She was thrilled.

 You know you are good friends when you say, "I have terrible PMS." And your friend says, "I can tell."

 What a great day. Really. Mom and I had urlLink breakfast with my Godparents to start my birthday off. My Godmother is taking a medication for her dementia that is imported from England. And today, for the first time in longer than I can remember, she read the menu on her own and selected what she really wanted for breakfast. What a birthday blessing. After I took everyone home, I took a long nap. It was luscious. Then I tidied up some around the house, dragged out the suitcase and started gathering things to pack. At 6 p.m., mom and I met Sandy, Tony, Antonio, Gina, Linda, Elizabeth and Kelly for dinner at urlLink Rosario's . It was yummy. I got some great gifts (I am jamming out to urlLink John Mayer right now ~ love it!). My Godson picked urlLink Why Girls are Weird from my wish list. I'm pretty sure it was the name that drew him to it. On her own, Gina selected the urlLink Bad Girl's Rage-A-Day 2004 Calendar . I laughed when I saw it and asked her (mind you, she's 11), Is this about the tattoo? She laughed "Yes!" Now I must go pack. I'll be off bright and early in the morning to urlLink Boston . I doubt I'll blog while I'm gone ~ but I'm sure to have some great stories when I get back!

 Happy birthday to me! Last year for my birthday, I took a urlLink self-portrait . This year, I thought I'd do 100 Things About Me: I was born August 30, 1965. In San Antonio, Texas. My middle name is a shorten version of my mother's name. My parents divorced shortly after I was born. I have five half-brothers and one half-sister. I have five nephews and seven nieces. The closest sibling in age is 15 years older. My mother was 41 when I was born. I pretty much grew up as an only child and think of myself that way. The first time I saw my dad was in his coffin. I was 21. My nickname growing up was Susie. My best friend was Gorda (fatty). I went to a Lutheran elementary school. Id have never admitted it then, but John was my best friend (ew! Cooties!) I was confirmed in sixth grade. I haven't been to church in many years. I believe in God. I had two sets of Godparents. I have one Godchild. I was editor of my middle and high school newspapers. I went to my 10- and 20-year high school reunions. I graduated from urlLink college with a BA. Since graduating, I have had four jobs. I belong to IABC. I have belonged to PRSA, AMA and WICI over the years. I love to travel. I enjoy volunteering. I have one cat, Cory. I bought my first house in 2002. I drive a 2001 Honda Accord. I painted my home office bright orange. I think that it's a true reflection of me. I prefer smooth peanut butter. My favorite state outside of Texas is Washington. Most of my family lives in Michigan. My favorite color is red. Or purple. I don't like to shop for clothes. I am overweight. I have a knack for finding the perfect gift. I have parking karma. I hate roaches. I prefer urlLink Diet Vanilla Coke . I dont plan on having children. I may never marry. And I'm ok with that. I have my own set of urlLink Ya-Yas . I love urlLink Harry Potter . My favorite TV drama is urlLink Alias . My favorite TV comedy is urlLink Sex in the City . urlLink Field of Dreams is my favorite movie. I suffer from clinical depression and take urlLink Lexapro to control it. I am grateful for my therapist. She rocks. Im messy. Im not a morning person. I have a pierced belly button. I have a heart tattoo. Ive known my bestest friend since eighth grade. Id wear jeans everyday if I could. I collect hearts. I cry at urlLink Hallmark commercials. I wear contacts or glasses. Or I can't see. I love going to the movies and sitting in the dark theater. I'll eat anchovies. And sardines. I used to have the hugest crush on urlLink Bruce Willis . I still think he's hot. I live ten minutes from work. I love to get massages. I wear an 8AA shoe. I like to write. I highlight my hair blonder. I prefer writing in blue ink. I'm a big fan of urlLink Starbucks . I like to take continuing education classes. I am five foot five. Ish. I have freckles. I don't like to exercise. I wish I did. I live two miles from my mother. I love bookstores. I drink skim milk. Lots of light hurts my eyes. I'd like to win the lotto. Big time. I prefer showers to baths. I have hazel eyes. They change color. I love Stargazer lilies. For Better or Worse is my favorite cartoon. Then LuAnn. Oh, and Zits. I have a loud and unique laugh. I like my alone time. I've been to Canada and Mexico. I had my tonsils out when I was 19. My wisdom teeth out when I was 20. I started blogging on August 6, 2001. I have been in like, lust and love. I talk to myself in the car. I'm not much of a phone person. I'm an avid reader of books and magazines. I could never live in the country. I'm a city girl. I favor kosher dill pickles. I'll even eat them fried. I love the beach. The mountains too. I havent been on a date this year. I admire the work of urlLink Dale Chihuly . urlLink P.F.Chang's is my favorite Chinese restaurant. I have a tendency to speed. And not use my blinkers. My birth certificate said I was a boy until I was 23. I like to cook, but don't do it very often. I'm reserved until I get to know you.

 It's 30 days, 3 hours and 34...33...32 seconds until the urlLink Alias season premiere. Not that I'm counting.

 I'm going to Boston. Mom's going to Michigan. And we are all ok with that. It's been a stressful two days. Then today the lightbulb went on that either way I needed to get Cory boarded, the mail held and plants watered. Naturally, the vet had no room at the inn. Luckily, my pal Tim agreed to take Cory for the week. I hope she's a good kitty for his kids. I told him to not let them fall *too* in love with her. And now you can urlLink hold your mail online , so being able to do that took a big burden off my shoulders. I know my neighbors would happily take care of it for me, but ... We spoke with my Aunt about 30 minutes ago and she is thrilled that mom can come. Mom has to stay longer that she wanted, but that's how quick the "free" tickets go. Now she flys home on September 11. It didn't hit me until after the reservation was complete that it was that 9/11.

 On a lighter note: Happy Birthday urlLink Lisa !

 I've been struggling all day with what to do about my cousin's funeral. I got mixed advice when I talked to people. Sandy and Ericka say go Boston. Linda says go with mom. My therapist says go Boston. Mom says go Boston. But not whole-heartedly. I really want to go to Boston. And, I really want to be there for my aunt, uncle and cousins. I finally told mom I want to go to Boston. That maybe we can go back to Michigan for Thanksgiving. I hate this. It's making me sick to my stomach.

 You know when the phone rings at an odd hour and you just know it's not good news? I had one of those calls this morning. My cousin Mark was killed in Denver last night. Apparently he drove off an embankment. Those are all the details as I know them now. I didn't know Mark very well. Him living in Michigan and all. He used to be so handsome. Think Bruce Jenner when he was winning gold medals. When I was younger he was glamorous and exotic. Then he found drugs and alcohol. And it was like his personality split and he became someone totally different. I haven't seen Mark in years. I don't even remember the last time. He stopped coming by to say "hi" when we visited. My aunt is grief stricken. Theirs had become a difficult relationship in recent years. The kind where when he says "I'm never coming back here!" and you think, "Good." I imagine she'd do anything to take that back right now.

 I just got home from viewing Mars at the local planetarium. Very cool.

 Another willing victim! urlLink Da Goddess has volunteered to play The Interview Game. Here are her five questions: You blogroll a large number of blogs. If you could only read five (not including mine, of course!) on a permanent basis, which five would you choose? You have just won a $25 million lotto. Do you continue to nurse? You wake up tomorrow morning with one new talent. What would it be? You receive one free service of a private detective. What do you ask him to do? Target or Wal-Mart?

 urlLink Jane let me guilt her into playing The Interview Game. Here are her five questions: You started your blog in August 2002, but didn't really begin posting regularly till March 2003. What happened? How do you know urlLink Peppermint Tina ? What is one topic you will never blog about and why? You say red is the hair color of your soul. Why? Lowe's or The Home Dept?

 urlLink Zuly is my first and only volunteer to play urlLink The Interview Game with me. Here are her five questions: Which is your favorite Dixie Chicks song and why? You are stranded on a desert island and can only take five books with you. Which do you chose and why? If you could be a character on a soap opera, who would you chose and why? Your dream job with the perfect salary has been offered to you. Describe it. Paper or plastic? Don't you wanna play too?

 Today I had birthday cupcakes at work. Yellow cake with chocolate icing. We usually celebrate birthdays during staff meeting, but with six of our sixteen out (including our boss ~ her dad died) we didn't have staff meeting. We waited till 3 p.m. to break out the goodies. By then there were only eight of us left. After they finished a weak rendition of "Happy Birthday" (I chimed in to help out), we each had two cupcakes. Which I didn't mind one bit.

 I think I should pay $19.95 so a real " urlLink celebrity " can call me for my birthday! But, who would I chose? Richard Hatch? Tony Todd? Peter Jurasik? No! I know! The Barbi Twins! I think they need to define "celebrity"!

 Turn your midlife crisis to your own advantage by making it a time for renewal of your body and mind, rather than stand by helplessly and watch them decline. -- Jane E. Brody

 Do you buy yourself a birthday present?

 I've seen this just about everywhere. I've searched for the originator with no luck. Will you play with me anyway? The Interview Game The Rules 1. Leave a comment, saying you want to be interviewed. 2. I will respond; I'll ask you five questions. 3. You'll update your website with my five questions, and your five answers. 4. You'll include this explanation. 5. You'll ask other people five questions when they want to be interviewed.

 Kat - Do you blog? If no, why not?

 urlLink Gas prices rise at record pace. I paid 1.54 per gallon for unleaded to fill my car yesterday. It was 1.70 for premium. What's the range in your neighborhood?

 urlLink Unconscious Mutterings : free association Bay :: Back Bay Boston Boarding school :: Prince William Riddle :: Fiddle Hunger :: Feed Allergy :: Sneeze Sponsored :: by Spin :: to win Interest :: wanes Scrabble :: Parcheesi Mold :: grows urlLink Sunday Brunch The teen years How old were you the first time you drove? 15. The first time I ever drove was during driver's ed. I was nervous, to say the least! What was your first car? Yellow Volkswagon Beetle. At the same I was learning to drive, I had to learn to drive a stick. Scary! What was the name of your first date? Chris. What was your first pet? A white cat named Puddin'. Did you ever get caught the first time you drank or smoked? No.

 This week is urlLink Lisa's birthday week too: urlLink The Age Thing .

 Most Sunday mornings I have to drag myself out of bed. Talk myself into going. My arrival time getting later and later each week. Today was no different. But I tell myself that there is a child there that needs me today. So I go. Today I had to ring the doorbell twice. I thought about leaving. But I told myself again that there was surely a child in there that needed me. Her name was J. She was born August 15. She was beautiful and sweet and innocent and in a shelter. For her protection. Last week at work, someone asked if I left crying. No , I said with surprise. The children don't make me sad. They're full of love. And possibly for the first time in their lives, they're safe. And happy. At first the workers were not very welcoming. I guess they see a lot of volunteers come and go. Even in my short time, I can spot the ones who won't last. But I keep coming back. And I'll do anything. Wipe a snotty nose. A macaroni and cheesed face. I'll get on the ground and roll around. I'll read books. Sing. Dance. I'm not afraid to pick up a crying child. I dole out hugs and kisses. I remember their names. I ask about the ones that are missing. And I ask about them. Sherry, how's your back? Carmen, did you find your dog? I tell them about my high school reunion. Turns out one of them graduated three years before me. Another asks about why I bought my house in the neighborhood. I tell them it's my neighborhood too. They start to call me by name. They tell me I am an angel. It makes me remember why I got out of bed. It makes me want to come back. Even though I'll probably have to drag myself. Again.

 I was just watching the news and saw a story on the murder of urlLink John Geoghan . You may recognize his name as the defrocked Roman Catholic priest who was accused by 130 people of sexual abuse. The newscaster said, "Officials do not know why Geoghan was killed." Um, I have an idea. Or 130.

 I finished Angels a few nights ago. I really like Marian Keyes' writing style. She has great heroines that are a lot like people I know. Not unrealistic in their lives. Now all I have left of hers to read is urlLink Sushi for Beginners . But I'm a paperback girl, so it may be a while

 Well, I just had some chimney inspectors over to see if my fireplace is usable. Yeah, with about 2000 dollars in repairs it's usable. The inspector told me that there were some obvious repairs that were not well done. Just like about everything else that couple did in this house. If you can't do it yourself properly, hire someone dammit!

 The urlLink Friday Five : 1. When was the last time you laughed? Watching urlLink The Rookie . 2. Who was the last person you had an argument with? I don't remember. 3. Who was the last person you e-mailed? Linda. 4. When was the last time you bathed? Like, a bath ? Um, Las Vegas. 5. What was the last thing you ate? Nilla wafers and ginger ale. Maybe I'll graduate to food with flavor tomorrow.

 Saw urlLink The Rookie tonight. Loved it. I'm a Texas woman and that means I don't need a man around to help keep things going. Amen, girl.

 I'm alive. Pretty much. Let's just say it was ugly beyond description and leave it at that. Ugly .

 Home sick: day two Monday evening I was struck by a nasty, vile stomach virus. Yesterday I was too sick to sit upright to blog. Or eat. Today's goal is to be upright more and eat some.

 As a public service, the fall 2003 TV schedule: urlLink ABC urlLink CBS urlLink FOX urlLink NBC urlLink The WB urlLink UPN urlLink premiere dates

 A preview for urlLink The Alamo (my friend Jeff was an extra). I can hardly wait to see it!

 Interesting news from the vet: he is a she .

 Sometimes my cat just cracks me up. Every time I get in the shower, Cory stands next to it and howls like he is being murdered. I just laugh and talk to him. Then he gets all giddy when I push the curtain back (like in the Wizard of Oz). Each time you'd think it was the very first time he'd heard me shower.

 I love urlLink Charlotte and Harry together.

 Two weeks from today I'll be in Boston with some friends. I'm very excited. I've never been before. I'm using an Eyewitness book to guide me. Here are a few of the things I want to see/do in Boston: The Freedom Trail Faneuil Hall & Quincy Market Boston Common & Public Garden Harvard University Charleston Navy Yard New England Aquarium Boston Tea Party Ship Kennedy Library Boston Duck Tours Newbury Street Legal Seafood Obviously some of the options have quite a few sites within the one site (ie: The Freedom Trail). I also want to spend some time just walking through neighborhoods. Seeing what life in Boston is like. Course, I know urlLink someone there who can help with suggestions, but what about you? Been to Beantown and have suggestions of things to do / places to see / yummy seafood to eat?

 About Men from urlLink Glimpse of a grrl : 1. WHY DO MEN BECOME SMARTER DURING SEX? (because they are plugged into a genius) 2. WHY DON'T WOMEN BLINK DURING FOREPLAY? (they don't have enough time) 3. WHY DOES IT TAKE 1 MILLION SPERM TO FERTILIZE ONE EGG? (they don't stop to ask directions) 4. WHY DO MEN SNORE WHEN THEY LIE ON THEIR BACKS? (because their balls fall over their butts and they vapor lock) 5. WHY WERE MEN GIVEN LARGER BRAINS THAN DOGS? (so they won't hump women's legs at cocktail parties) 6. WHY DID GOD MAKE MEN BEFORE WOMEN? (you need a rough draft before you make a final copy) 7. HOW MANY MEN DOES IT TAKE TO PUT A TOILET SEAT DOWN? (C'mon guys, we laugh at your blonde jokes!) And the personal favorite: 8. WHY DID GOD PUT MEN ON EARTH? (because a vibrator can't mow the lawn)

 urlLink Unconscious Mutterings : free association Only you:: Robert Downey Jr. movie 33 :: nearly five years ago Foundation :: shaky Accidents :: happen Hometown :: San Antonio Natural :: blonde Bombastic :: blow-out Bachelor :: pad Far away :: Curtis Tony :: G. urlLink Sunday Brunch: around the playground 1. Did you have a nickname as a child? If yes, have you outgrown it? Susie. I guess I outgrew it. I don't remember making the announcement to call me Susan. Those who knew me as a child still use it. Now, the closest thing I have to a nickname sounds something like Sooz. 2. Who was your best friend(s)? At home: Irene, Michael, Gordon, Scott and Sherry. 3. Were you picked first or last for playground games? Somewhere in the middle? 4. Were you a teacher's pet? No. 5. Were you a bully or the one being bullied? I don't remember being bullied like you hear kids are bullied today, but I'd say I was more bullied than I bullied.

 Friday at work we did a cool team building activity at a local military base. With another department, we split into two teams and pretended to be Mission Control and the Space Shuttle. You have experiments to conduct and messages to convey to have a successful mission. Needless to say we were quite disappointed when they told us every mission is a success (we just thought we were hot stuff). I guess if their average audience is 12, every mission needs to be a success. Yesterday I bought a life record of seven pairs of shoes. I wear an 8 slim (AA wide with a AAA heal) and they are hard to come by. I just really needed some work shoes and Steinmart is having a fabulous sale. To find seven pairs of shoes in one day (let alone one year ) is a miracle. Then I went to a birthday party for an 11-year-old. I figure this is my last one because we adults were obviously not part of the cool factor yesterday. I worked at the shelter this morning. Three familiar faces (I haven't been in a few weeks). I love it when I get there and one of them runs to me to be picked up. V has been there for a while now and likes lots of attention. She, F and E compete for lap action. And once they get it, they refuse to move, and forcefully keep others from honing in on their lap. Today the kids were all crabby. Crying. Whining. Maybe there's a full moon tonight. Must be something. Or maybe they were just tired. One boy -- let's see, I need to pick a different, yet similar name so you get my drift -- was named Sibling 4. As in there is Sibling 1, Sibling 2 and Sibling 3 before him. Plus there is a girl with the female Sibling title in the family. One new girl had pinch marks on her cheek. Sibling was crying hysterically and keeping everyone awake at nap time. He was doing the big nap-fight, but was out before his head hit my shoulder. There's nothing sweeter than feeling their breathing against my body. I hit the grocery store before the back-to-school families hit (most schools here start tomorrow). Came home and watched urlLink Serendipty . I love that movie. Oh, I sooo need a date. I've been tidying up since then. Stopping to make a list of must-see's in Boston for my traveling partners. Posting a few new books at urlLink half.com . It's been nice to be at home by myself.

 The Saturday urlLink Friday Five : 1. How much time do you spend online each day? With work and home combined it's hard to say. Hours. 2. What is your browser homepage set to? AT&T. It's an excellent provider. They have a great spam program. It works so well I can go days without an e-mail. Which is kind of sad actually. 3. Do you use any instant messaging programs? If so, which one(s)? On occasion I'll remember to sign-in to AIM. I also have YM. 4. Where was your first webpage located? urlLink Blogger . Still is. 5. How long have you had your current website? Just over two years. But really, it's just a blog.

 I've been playing devil's advocate on another blog. I expect very soon that she's going to tell me to shut up. It's just I've lived that life. Known that guy. I was the one justifying and forgiving. I've was the one who lived life being third in line for his attention. Sometimes I think I was even fourth. Or not even on the list. Life is too short to settle.

 urlLink Michael Gambon as Dumbledore Works for me.

 Do you ever have one of those days (even a good day) when it feels like something is missing and you cant put your finger on what it might be?

 urlLink Unconscious Mutterings : Free association is described as a "psychonanalytic procedure in which a person is encouraged to give free rein to his or her thoughts and feelings, verbalizing whatever comes into the mind without monitoring its content." In other words, a new meme (for me): Miss America:: Vanessa Williams Cherubs:: Angels Shark Week:: Discovery Channel Sunflowers:: Yellow Sorority:: Girls Grilled chicken:: Breast 100:: Dollars Tickle monster:: Peter Veronica:: Archie Slurpee:: Cherry

 Over the weekend I finished Lucky Man by urlLink Michael J. Fox . Definitely written by Michael himself; it's a poignent, honest read about his life. The good (being an actor, having a loving wife and family), the bad (he had a drinking problem) and the ugly (Parkinson's Disease ~ but he calls it "the gift"). It's out in paperback now, so read it. Then I started on Nerd in Shining Armor . It's from urlLink Reading with Ripa . It's exactly what you want from a beach read!

 Mark your calendars: Season three, episode one for urlLink Alias is urlLink Sunday, September 28 ! There's only one quote appropriate for the upcoming season: What you think you know .... you don't know. -- Jack Bristow Trust me, I don't know. Not even a clue.

 I'm pretty sure this will be the last picture from my reunion: urlLink Roy (Irene's husband), Rodney and Irene

 Sand is the perfect exfoliant. I guess if you're not supposed to shower for four months after a piercing that means you really aren't supposed to float around in the salty, sandy waters of the Gulf of Mexico either, huh? Being first to get on a plane and choose your seats is pretty cool. Pushing your mom around in a wheelchair is not. There's not many better meals than eating fresh peel-n-eat shrimp with perfect red sauce. Wearing a bathing suit can be fun. Digging a rental car out of sand is not. Reading a trashy romance novel on the beach is a great way to spend a day. Or two.

 Based on his behavior since we got home, I can tell you that saying Cory was "unhappy" with his three day visit to kitty prison (a.k.a. "the vet") would be a complete and total understatement.

 The urlLink Friday Five : 1. What's the last place you traveled to, outside your own home state/country? I got home just over an hour ago from South Padre Island. Ohhhh. Outside my state/country. Last month I went to Park City (see tattoo, piercing photos). Last November I went to London. 2. What's the most bizarre/unusual thing that's ever happened to you while traveling? Bizarre things happen every single time I go somewhere. Bizareness follows me. Luckily, the bizarre event usually involves lots of laughter, so I don't mind much. 3. If you could take off to anywhere, money and time being no object, where would you go? The list of places I want to see is long and ever changing. What may be in the number one slot today may be totally different tomorrow or the day after. Today it would be Hawaii. 4. Do you prefer traveling by plane, train or car? Yes. 5. What's the next place on your list to visit? I'm going to Boston on August 31 (happy birthday me!).

 I'm back! Just found a few more photos on the reunion site. These are from the dinner/dance: urlLink Irene urlLink Armando urlLink Steve Yeah, so Steve and I are chatting (we knew each other in h.s., but were not "friends"): S: Are you married? me: No. S: Kids? me: No. S: Bet you have a cat. What? Because I'm single and no kids I automatically fall into the old spinster with a jillion cats category? Hmpfh. Oh, yeah. I have a cat. Dammit . urlLink David This is the one guy I was really hoping was single at the reunion. I'm pretty sure he was last time and I've regretted not getting his phone number many times since then. Needless to say, he wasn't single this time (yeah, I cropped her out and your point is?). Sandy chided me the next day for running my fingers through his hair, but I just couldn't help myself.

 Toodles, kids. First thing tomorrow morning I am dropping Cory off at the vet (for a long weekend of rest and relaxation), picking up mom and heading for the airport. I'll think of you as I bask in the sun on urlLink South Padre Island (not!). See you Sunday night!

 More pictures trickle in to the reunion site ... urlLink Bobby I was crazy about this guy in high school. He's a police officer now. I'm really proud of him. And yes, that's a wedding band. urlLink Yolie and Irene Whatever it was, I sure thought it was funny.

 Happy birthday .::says me::. Today is the two-year anniversary of my blog. I look back to my first post I don't really know what this is to be. I just know I am supposed to be doing this right now. I make no promises for what you may find here. At that time, my mom had recently been diagnosed with a cutaneous t-cell (mycosis fungoides) lymphoma. Since then, she's done several courses of chemotherapy and radiation. In a small irony, today we visited her oncologist, Dr. Steven Kalter. He said magical words: I think you've beat it! I know you are wondering why I am not doing the happy dance. I am, really. But a big part of my heart is really sad. As we walked to the car, she told me, "I think I will need a wheelchair at the airport" (we are taking a weekend trip). Whatever happy dance I was doing at the time fizzled. For my mom to tell me she wants a wheelchair *sigh* I can't even begin to convey what that means. To put aside her pride like that proves she is hurting beyond anything I can comprehend. It makes me terribly sad. Her inability to walk distances has been happening slowly. Right now, she's in physical therapy for it. Unfortunately, Medicare only pays for 12 sessions, so whatever relief she gets from it now will be gone in a week or two. I talked with her last week about asking her doctor for a handicapped parking permit. You'd have thought I asked her to get a bellybutton piercing! But, I think she may need one along with a cane or something similar to help her get around. She needed milk last week, but it's in the very last aisle of the store, so she was going to go without. I try to keep things light with her. And she seems to be trying too also. When she mentioned the wheelchair I joked, Cool! We'll get to take advantage of the priority seating and get first pick of the seats! (we're flying Southwest Airlines). "Yeah, and since you're with me you get to get on too!" But, this weighs as heavily on me as the first mention of the "c" word. Perhaps because while cancer was ever present, it only affected our schedules on an infrequent basis. Her back pain, however, is there all of the time. I see it in her eyes and stooped back every time I see her. Hear about it every time I talk to her.

 The first set of photos from the reunion that include me: urlLink me, Irene and Sandy Irene was the first friend I mentioned in a Friday Five not so long ago. We grew up next door to each other. Sandy I mention pretty regularly. urlLink Roberto ~ he was Sandy's boyfriend our senior year and beyond urlLink Marcelino ~ he was Sandy's boyfriend our freshman year

 Never again in your lifetime will the urlLink Red Planet be so spectacular. This month, Earth is catching up with Mars, an encounter that will culminate in the closest approach between the two planets in recorded history. The next time Mars may come this close is in 2287. Due to the way Jupiter's gravity tugs on Mars and perturbs its orbit, astronomers can only be certain that Mars has not come this close to Earth in the last 5,000 years but it may be as long as 60,000 years. The encounter will culminate on August 27, when Mars comes to within 34,649,589 miles and will be (next to the moon) the brightest object in the night sky. It will make Mars will look as large as the full moon to the naked eye. At the beginning of August, Mars will rise in the east at 10 p.m. and reach its azimuth at about 3 a.m. But by the end of August when the two planets are closest, Mars will rise at nightfall and reach its highest point in the sky at 12:30 a.m. That's pretty convenient when it comes to seeing something that no human has seen in recorded history. Not only will Mars be close to earth, but at about the same time it will be in opposition and conjunction (e.g., the sun will be directly behind earth and in line with Mars), so it will be fully illuminated - no crescents to deal with. So mark your calendar to see Mars grow progressively brighter and brighter throughout the month. Share with your children and grandchildren. No one alive today will ever see this again.

 From an e-mail from my friend Michele: Finally a Barbie I can relate to. At long last, here are some NEW Barbie dolls to coincide with her and OUR aging gracefully. These are a bit more realistic... 1. Bifocals Barbie . Comes with her own set of blended-lens fashion frames in six wild colors (half-frames too!), neck chain, and large-print editions of Vogue and Martha Stewart Living. 2. Hot Flash Barbie . Press Barbie's bellybutton and watch her face turn beet red while tiny drops of perspiration appear on her forehead. Comes with handheld fan and tiny tissues. 3. Facial Hair Barbie . As Barbie's hormone levels shift, see her whiskers grow. Available with teensy tweezers and magnifying mirror. 4. Flabby Arms Barbie . Hide Barbie's droopy triceps with these new,roomier-sleeved gowns. Good news on the tummy front, two-MuMus with tummy-support panels are included. 5. Bunion Barbie . Years of disco dancing in stiletto heels have definitely taken their toll on Barbie's dainty arched feet. Soothe her sores with the pumice stone and plasters, then slip on soft terry mules. 6. No-More-Wrinkles Barbie . Erase those pesky crow's-feet and lip lines with a tube of Skin Sparkle-Spackle, from Barbie's own line of exclusive age-blasting cosmetics. 7. Soccer Mom Barbie . All that experience as a cheerleader is really paying off as Barbie dusts off her old high school megaphone to root for Babs and Ken, Jr. Comes with minivan in robin-egg blue or white and cooler filled with doughnut holes and fruit punch. 8. Mid-life Crisis Barbie . It's time to ditch Ken. Barbie needs a change, and Alonzo (her personal trainer) is just what the doctor ordered, along with Prozac. They're hopping in her new red Miata and heading for the Napa Valley to open a B&B. Includes a real tape of "Breaking Up Is Hard to Do." 9. Divorced Barbie . Sells for$ 199.99. Comes with Ken's house, Ken's car, and Ken's boat. 10. Recovery Barbie . Too many parties have finally caught up with the ultimate party girl. Now she does Twelve Steps instead of dance steps. Clean and sober, she's going to meetings religiously. Comes with a little copy of The Big Book and a six-pack of Diet Coke. 11. Post-Menopausal Barbie . This Barbie wets her pants when she sneezes, forgets where she puts things, and cries a lot. She is sick and tired of Ken sitting on the couch watching the tube, clicking through the channels. Comes with Depends and Kleenex. As a bonus this year, the book "Getting In Touch with Your Inner Self" is included.

 Help Dannon Strike Out Hunger! Click on the urlLink Strike Out Hunger logo and Dannon will donate $1 (which can provide 21 meals) to urlLink America's Second Harvest , the nation's largest organization of emergency food providers.

 urlLink Carrie is so beautiful. But let me just ask this. Who the hell dressed her for this episode?

 I did something today I have never done before. I had my mom be my designated driver. We went out for Mexican food for lunch. I decided I wanted a frozen margarita. Which is very rare in the first place, let alone in front of my mom. After about six sips I started to get a buzz. I warned her then of the impending designation. Sure, I could've stopped then. But it was hot. And that drink tasted good . So I drank it all. And she drove me home.

 Well, I went by myself to the dinner/dance. Yay me! It was really a lot of fun. Cool slide show, great music, delicious food (surprisingly so) and a whole lot of laughter. I was surprised to see my friend Gordy. We'd had quite the exchange these past few weeks. He encouraged me to go and once I signed up he backed out. I called and we talked about it. He gave a multitude of lousy excuses. In the end, I was happy to see him and we had a great time together. It's funny the memories we have of ourselves from that time. So many people I talked to mentioned thinking no one would remember them. And yet, we were all pretty happy to see each other. I had three people (all boys ~ how 'bout that?) tell me they signed up because I signed up. I had so many people come give me hugs and offer "You look fabulous" comments. And I was also one of those who thought nobody would care if I was there or night. I'm glad that I went. I strongly encourage you to go when your 20 rolls around. You just might be surprised.

 Well, I had fun. I did surprisingly well on recognizing people without having to read their name tags first (although there were a couple of "no waayyyssss"). I only signed up for last night, but am seriously considering going to the dinner/dance tonight. Yes, I carried my camera around all night and here's the lone picture my mother took of Sandy and I before we left: urlLink Not to worry. There were lots of camera flashes going off and I am certain I'll be able to steal some from the official reunion website.

 Tonight is the night. My 20th high school reunion. Well, tonight is the happy hour kickoff. I came home early to take a nap (I continue to be really fatigued on this new med). I'm excited. I'm glad I decided to go. I'm wearing a simple capri pant outfit. I have my digital cable blaring music from the 80s (Cory doesn't quite know what to think of me dancing around). Sandy is coming over about 6:30 p.m. and we're going to have an alcoholic beverage before going. Wish us fun!

 I keep going back and looking at urlLink Syd . I am in awe of her commitment. Doesn't she look fab?! I wish I could find whatever inspired her in me.

 I keep getting lots of searches for something I don't have here, but googlism culls it together and makes it look like I do. So, for the record, it's urlLink David John Matthews .

 The salsa dance class was loads of fun. It really is an aerobics class set to salsa music, but it was great to get out there and shake my bon-bon! I was a little worried at first. The class is through a local ISD continuing ed program and is at a women's fitness center. Which is one big room. Everything is mixed together. Weights, treadmills, etc... in one big room. With most everything facing the aerobics floor. Once we got started though, the watching eyes weren't even noticable. It helped once I figured out some of the steps ( oh, he's doing a grapevine ) . . . but not all of them! Most of the attendees were older than me. Which took a lot of the pressure off. And 90% of us had absolutely no coordination at all. We just hooted and hollered and clapped. It was fun enough to make me think about looking for more classes like this to sneak some exercise into my life!

 I'm blind with out some sort of visual aide. I mention this now because I am typing with my face about six inches from the keyboard. I'm in between switching from glasses to contacts. I start my salsa dance class for women tonight and don't want to fling my glasses off with some spin, twist thing. I called this morning to ask what shoes to wear. They recommended regular athletic shoes. Which worries me. I'm not so graceful as it is, let alone with the added distraction of five pound shoes in the mix.

 urlLink I would have waited . awe. some.

 urlLink Tonight's the night. We girls will be at Kelly's house. Eating. Drinking. Gasping.

 As I was hugging one of the children at the shelter this morning I thought, Every child I touch here gets a little piece of my heart. Luckily, that only seems to make it bigger.

 Someone converted my site to German today. Looked pretty cool.

 31.25 % My weblog owns 31.25 % of me. urlLink Does your weblog own you?

 urlLink Personal blogs are famous for breaking usual standards of disclosure, revealing details considered by some to be very private. urlLink Plain Layne . Wow.

 I laid in bed awake for a long time last night. Usually I pass out pretty quickly and start snoring immediately. At least, that's what I'm told. Anyhoo. It was probably the nap I took when I got home that was the issue, but it was interesting because I caught myself doing something I had no idea I do. It's a learned thing. From an ex. The first night he did it, I was like what are you doing?? He explained that when he was a kid, his sisters would help put him to bed and to do so, they would jiggle the bed. His version was to thump the bed with his foot. It caused almost the same effect. So that's was I was doing when I caught myself. Thumping the bed with my foot in an attempt to put myself to sleep. Weird.

 Oh, did I mention that I can't find my camera? Yes, my relatively new digital camera. I know it made it home from Boston, but now I can't find it.

 Yeah! What urlLink she said!

 Every once in a while, urlLink this article pops back up and I start getting e-mail from gay men. I'm a girl , dammit.

 I got a big zing at work this week. We have this group called the Quarter Century Club for employees who have been with the company 25 years or more. They have an annual dinner for the members. The other day, one of the new inductees was in my area, so I congratulated her. It went down-hill from there . . . Lita [to me]: Did you go to the dinner last night? Gloria: No, it's for members only. Lita [to me]: Aren't you a member? Me: Whaaaa? Lita: I mean it seems like you've been here a long time. Me [mouth hanging open]: Whaaa? Gloria: No, she hasn't been here that long. Me [mouth hanging open]: Whaaa? Lita: Well, how old are you? Me [indignantly]: 38! Lita: Well, I didn't mean to imply you looked older than you are. Me: I've only been here 11 years. Lita: Well, it seems longer. Tell me about it.

 My friend Michele picked up a guy for me at the grand opening of Pat O'Brien's this week. She asked me if I'd like to meet him for a drink, so I said sure . I mean, what the hell, right? So today she sends me her e-mail to him with his agreement to meet us. She wrote that I would "love" to meet him. Love to? Ugh. That turned my stomach and now I don't wanna go. Yes, I know Mr. Right is never going to just show up on my doorstep and that I need to make some effort to meet a guy, but man, I'm a chicken.

 I finished urlLink A Map of the World last night. I didn't like it so much. Maybe because of my volunteer work at the children's shelter. I hit urlLink Half Price books tonight. I took my amazon wish list, but they didn't have one single title that I wanted, so I came home with a couple books and a magazine, including urlLink Girls' Poker Night . I've been charging all my book purchases this year to track how much I spend. I need to do better and follow Kat's lead by renewing my library card.

 I can tell Cory is feeling better. She's started biting again.

 I've been having problems with my dial-up lately. heh. I just made a bunch of you shudder, didn't I? It's not that I'm cheap, but the going rate around here is about 45 bucks a month. I know I spend a lot of time on the Internet, but I don't know if I spend 45 dollars worth. [later] I just added it up. I average 30 hours a month online. If I switched over, that would make it more than a dollar per hour, instead of the 10.95 monthly I pay now. *sigh*

 Time you enjoy wasting was not wasted. -- John Lennon

 urlLink BlogPulse - Automated Trend Discovery for Weblogs

 Yep. That urlLink Coupling is as bad as the critics said. I've stopped watching and have a few minutes before urlLink ER . Cory is still limping, but I can tell she's starting to feel more like her old self. She has started sleeping with me, and that's new (and nice). Now, if I could only get her to stop licking my face at 3 a.m. Last week I talked about my therapist about the writing thing. I told her I didn't know what it was yet and she said, "That's ok because you've just started the contemplation phase." Which is not actually true. I've thought about the writing thing for a long time. But in an I could never do that kind of way. I don't even know how to begin thinking fiction. I only know how to write about what I know. I can do that. There are a multitude of subjects to draw from. Aging parents. Fatherless daughters. Depression. Living the single life. Sometimes I think I should just start writing and see what comes.

 I've been watching season premieres. Can you tell?

 urlLink How to stop people from bugging you about getting married Old aunts used to come up to me at weddings, poking me in the ribs and cackling, telling me, "You're next." They stopped after I started doing the same thing to them at funerals.

 I've been thinking a lot lately about writing. Not this kind of writing, but an article for a magazine or something. You know how it feels when you have something inside of you itching to get out? Yet, you're not sure exactly what it is? I don't think it's fiction. I think it's me. Something in my life that needs to be shared. Something that only I can tell. In my mind, I work together words into sentences into phrases and paragraphs. But I never put them down on paper. They say the first sentence has to be the hook to keep 'em reading. I keep thinking of something like this: I used to be the most normal person I knew.

 We're home from the vet. They gave her a shot of antibiotic and some more pain meds (for then and later). She did not like being there at all. When I opened the door of her carrier, she jumped right in. Me? I am going to try not to nap. : )

 I'm home from playing tourist. Cory's not feeling so well. She keeps looking at me with a pathetic face that says, "This hurts mom, why can't you fix it?" We're going to see the vet at 2:20 p.m.

 My cousin Mike is in town, so I'm going to play hooky from school work and play tourist with him tomorrow. We had a nice afternoon/evening today, so it'll be nice to spend more time with him. It's his first trip to San Antonio. Cory is favoring one foot. And it seems a little warm to me. I'm worried about that and will keep an eye on it. I'm trying to eat healthier. The only problem I'm having is farting. No, really. Damn that fiber.

 Cory is doing better today. Thankfully they sent home three days worth of pain meds for her. Even better, they are in a liquid form. Ever try stuff in a pill down a cat's throat? It can get ugly, fast.

 urlLink Damn. And some of you thought my questions were hard!

 A riddle from my friend Elizabeth: This is going to make you so MAD! There are three words in the English language that end in "gry". ONE is angry and the other is hungry.. EveryONE knows what the third ONE means and what it stands for. EveryONE uses them everyday, and if you listened very carefully, I've given you the third word. What is it? _______gry? Guesses, anyone?

 Cory made a leap for the bed earlier. She didn't make it. Owie.

 Check out this wedding site for urlLink Courtney & Lane (I say that like I know them, but I don't). Don't miss the day-of picnic or that the wedding is at 9 p.m., followed by dessert and dancing. And that their friends designed all the invites. Cool.

 Oofh. She is so mad, she is sitting with her back to me.

 I have seen the evil eye from my cat and it ain't pretty.

 I took Cory in for the snip-snip, clip-clip yesterday. She had to spend the night, so I am going to pick her up in a while. They make you sign this form about extra tests they can run (feline leukemia, etc...). It includes a question like, "For fifteen bucks, would you like your pet to receive a shot for pain post surgery?" What a cruel, cruel question. First of all, I truly live in the inner city. Most folks going to my vet are on a budget. And getting their pet spayed or neutered is way beyond the norms of making sure there's food on the table. That fifteen bucks was not expected by me and may throw some past what they planned for. Second, who wants to be known as the "No, make 'em suffer" owner??

 I am going to a Halloween party this year and costumes are required. I think the last time I wore a costume was when I won a prize in eighth grade as a clown. urlLink Anyone want to be the plug to my socket???

 Here are my Interview Game questions from urlLink Jane : What is your favourite children's book (little kids, like Dr. Seuss or older kids, like Little House)? I was a voracious reader as a child too. I loved the urlLink Little House series, Trixie Beldon, urlLink Judy Blume and others, but my all-time favorite book growing up was urlLink Mandy by urlLink Julie Andrews Edwards . I was enthralled by the secret cottage and her prince charming. How do you sleep (back, side, toss & turn)? I sleep on my back. How many times, on average, do you hit the snooze button? Probably five or six times (about an hour). Do you own a lava lamp/glitter lamp/etc.? No. I'm so uncool. Have you ever heard of Kasim Sulton? No. Fun! Thanks, Jane!

 urlLink A four-year-old heroine . What a brave, brave girl.

 The Washington Post's Style Invitational asked readers to take any word from the dictionary, alter it by adding, subtracting, or changing one letter, and supply a new definition. Here are some recent winners: Intaxication: Euphoria at getting a tax refund, which lasts until you realize it was your money to start with. Reintarnation: Coming back to life as a hillbilly. Foreploy: Any misrepresentation about yourself for the purpose of getting laid. Giraffiti: Vandalism spray-painted very, very high. Sarchasm: The gulf between the author of sarcastic wit and the person who doesn't get it. Inoculatte: To take coffee intravenously when you are running late. Hipatitis: Terminal coolness. Osteopornosis: A degenerate disease (this one got extra credit). Karmageddon: It's like, when everybody is sending off all these really bad vibes, right? And then, like, the Earth explodes and it's like, a serious bummer. Glibido: All talk and no action. Dopeler effect: The tendency of stupid ideas to seem smarter when they come at you rapidly. Ignoranus: A person who's both stupid and an @sshole.

 I finished urlLink The Bad Beginning in nothing flat. I borrowed it from Gina because I'd read that it would make due for Harry in a crunch. It's doesn't. I'm moving on to urlLink Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West . I had it on my wish list and Sandy let me borrow hers. She said she didn't finish it because it got weirdly sexual. I'll let you know.

 Shock. One of my friends had a heart attack yesterday. Three blocked arteries. They put in stints. She'll go home tomorrow. She is 42.

 urlLink It was so good, I had to watch it again tonight. ok, I confess. It made me cry. Again.

 Jimbo is so funny: urlLink I guess size DOES matter afterall.

 I receive a weekly newsletter from urlLink Cheryl Richardson . I think this week's Topic of the Week is worth sharing ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ Since the attack, I also see 9/11 as a "Life Reflection" anniversary a reminder to reassess my own life to make sure that I'm walking my talk by living a life that honors my soul and my loved ones. I invite you to do the same. This week I thought I'd share an excerpt from last year's newsletter that contained the questions that I use for this special anniversary. Please honor your life (and the lives of your loved ones) by answering them as honestly as you can. In that way, the answers provide you with a measurement of how well you're living your life. ~*~ Am I spending my precious time on what matters most? ~*~ Is there a nagging inner voice that keeps reminding me of a change that I really want or need to make? If so, what is it? ~*~ How can I begin to make this change in my life? ~*~ Am I spending enough time with the people who are most important to me? ~*~ How am I being of service to others? ~*~ Do I feel good about where I'm putting my energy and creative talents? ~*~ Am I expressing my full potential? I'm sure that some of you will find that in answering these questions you have in fact made changes that have allowed you to honor your priorities in a deeper, more meaningful way. Please acknowledge your commitment to doing so. For others, it may be time to make a move. ~*~ ~*~ ~*~ That's totally how I've felt in the last week or so. Finding that the anniversary has made me reflect on my own life. I've been successful with many of the changes I wanted to make in my life since 2001. But many more are lacking. I'm definitely one of those that needs to make more changes in my life.

 I had a great belly laugh this morning. Just moments ago, someone hit my site looking for "Odds of a nerd getting married." Guess that's me!!

 The season finale of urlLink Sex in the City was simply perfection. urlLink Steve and urlLink Miranda ! urlLink Steve and urlLink Miranda ! Whee!!

 I finished urlLink Why Girls are Weird earlier this week. I loved it. Really, I did. The blogging. The truth. The lies. The fan mail. ( Bloggers get fan mail? Really? Wow. ) The online relationships. The real-life relationships. Being in Austin. The fans she meets in the person. Finding love. It's blogger ChickLit in all the right places.

 Apparently, urlLink ABC is in a quandary over what to do about urlLink 8 Simple Rules for Dating My Teenage Daughter since urlLink John Ritter unexpectedly passed away. urlLink Death of Actor Is Forcing ABC to Reconsider Fate of His Show [NYTimes, free registration required] urlLink Without Star John Ritter, ABC Wonders if His Show Can Go On Options include replacing him, killing off the character or ending the show. I watched the show and liked it. I don't know how they could replace or kill him without alienating fans. The show was about the dad and his relationship with his kids. And the dad was John Ritter. I know it puts people out of work, but they need end the show.

 Today I bought a "real" ironing board to go with the cool iron I got for my birthday. Sure, you're thinking, "Iron? For your birthday?" But I love it!

 Sunday Brunch: urlLink CRANK IT UP! What kind of music do you listen to most often? Um, urlLink adult contemporary ? Do you sing outloud in front of people? Sometimes. The last time was in Providence, watching urlLink Alanis on the urlLink Today Show Concert Series . What a fab do, girl! How big is your CD/music collection? Miniscule. When you are with your spouse or significant other, do you listen to what you like or what they like? n/a *sigh* Do you like to listen to your favorite music loud? Almost always when I'm alone. It's hard to really find the music I like here in town. There are Austin radio stations I like way better.

 urlLink Unconscious Mutterings Wedding :: Bells Roach :: Dead Expense :: Paid urlLink Fight :: For Your Right ... To Party! Air :: Breathe Protect :: Me Glance :: Around Boo :: Kitty Steamy :: Seductive Caviar :: Beluga

 Someone wrote, "Well, how was Boston?!" Great! We did everything on urlLink the list (minus the Tea Party Ship), plus more. Lots of walking. Taking the T. Eating great food. Lots and lots of great food. And urlLink charming company . I wished it was warmer. Like 78-80 and sunny, but it was sweater weather for me. The temps in Providence were perfect the two days we were there. Boston's a beautiful city. We stayed in an easy-access area. The city is so walkable. People were friendly. Neighborhoods very cool. It was what I wanted it to be. Except for the weather. And no allergies! Finally found a tiny urlLink Trader's Joe's . Saw urlLink Kirstie Alley waiting for her car. She seemed shocked that we recognized her from the Duck Tourmobile, yet her suburban was this ucky neon lime green. All in all, it was a great trip. I'd definitely go back.

 And the last Interview Game victim is urlLink Kate ! You have just won an all-expense paid trip for two nights and three days for you and Paul (no girls!). Where do you go? And what do you do there (besides the obvious, that is)? What is your favorite BNL song and why? You are the new owner of a small business. What is it? You have the power to pre-determine careers for Moira and Olivia. What would you choose for them? Hilda Santo-Tomas or Kia Steave-Dickerson? Thanks to urlLink Zuly , urlLink Jane , urlLink Joanie , urlLink Lisa and urlLink Kate for playing The Interview Game with me!

 Why do people urlLink blogroll themselves?

 You'd think the Blogger/Google folks would've thought to make sure that the Google toolbar would recognize that BlogThis is not a pop-up box.

 Eons ago, just before urlLink yaccs went out, urlLink Lisa volunteered to play The Interview Game. I just noticed that I owe her these: You like classic rock. What are your top five all-time favorite CD's? You've met other bloggers in person. How do find the real person compares to their online persona? You are selected to be a contestant on urlLink Fear Factor . Do you play? You are having a dinner party for 10. Whomever you invite must show. Who do you ask and why? Are Miss Parker and Jared brother and sister? Or do they finally just get it on?! I only need one more willing victim ... are you the one ?

 I was thinking about depression yesterday. I was thinking, I am in such a great mood. You have to understand, this is pretty different for me. Still. But it made me think about how difficult it is to explain. How maybe the outside person seems pretty much the same, but the inside person feels so different. And I thought, how sad it must seem to people for me to admit feeling really happy with my life for the first time ever in just the last year. And I'm 38. It's not like my life was totally awful all of the time. There was only that time frame near the melt down that was really, really bad. Most of my life everything was ok. But that's all. Just ok. It was like living life in black and white. Everything was sort of muted. But some things are really great in black and white. And then, it was like urlLink Pleasantville . I went on medication and I started to see patches of color. Then slowly ~ very slowly ~ everything turned technicolor. It's been a pretty amazing process.

 The urlLink Friday Five : 1. Is the name you have now the same name that's on your birth certificate? If not, what's changed? Yes, my name is the same. However, I am a girl now. Not just urlLink A Boy Named Sue . 2. If you could change your name (first, middle and/or last), what would it be? No. I've pretty much grown into my name. When I was younger I wanted to get married so I could have a new last name, but now I can't imagine it being anything else. 3. Why were you named what you were? (Is there a story behind it? Who specifically was responsible for naming you?) My mom named me after my Godmother's niece and my herself. 4. Are there any names you really hate or love? What are they and why? I really don't like being called Sue. Or Suzanne. They just grate on my nerves. 5. Is the analysis of your name at urlLink kabalarians.com accurate? How or how isn't it? Your first name of Susan has given you a pleasant, easy-going, friendly nature. Personal contacts are important to you. In situations where you are serving others, demonstrating or instructing, you have the patience to go into details that someone else may not think to be important. In your association with others, you are often limited to the more mundane happenings and little personal problems that can be so frustrating to those of an active, dynamic nature. You desire to create system and order in your environment but are inclined to become side-tracked and socialize when you should be working. Your ambitions are not large, as you lack confidence in your own abilities and would sooner not take a chance. You are often at odds with yourself, knowing what you should do, but finding it hard to find the initiative and will power to do it. Liking to plan and think ahead, you do not act impulsively and do not like to have your plans or routine interfered with. You seek the advice of others when making a decision and prefer to work for others, rather than carry the full responsibility yourself. This name limits imagination and vision. Um, yes and no. More yes than no.

 I used to be the best thank you note writer. In form, message, punctuality. I could make a person cry with a thank you note. I used to be known for my thank you notes. Teased about my timeliness. And then I stopped. I think I got tired of never getting any in return. Sad, but true.

 I have completely freaked Cory out. I opened a window. She totally does not know what to think of the cars and people and bird sounds and dogs.

 For my newest regular reader, Kristy, an urlLink OC blog .

 My new driver's license came today. *sigh* I know they're never the greatest of pictures, but man, I look old.

 There was the newly wedded couple who have just checked into their hotel room. They were ready to consummate their marriage and the bride has never had sex before, not even with the groom, yet. So as he undresses, she points and says, "What's that?" The groom says, "Well that there is my rope." "And what are those two things?" "Those, my dear are my knots." So they are getting ready to do the nasty and she start fumbling around. "Hey, what are you doing?" The groom asked. "I'm trying to untie the knots, I need more rope!"

 The Names by Poet Laureate Billy Collins Yesterday, I lay awake in the palm of the night. A soft rain stole in, unhelped by any breeze, And when I saw the silver glaze on the windows, I started with A, with Ackerman, as it happened, Then Baxter and Calabro, Davis and Eberling, names falling into place As droplets fell through the dark. Names printed on the ceiling of the night. Names slipping around a watery bend. Twenty-six willows on the banks of a stream. In the morning, I walked out barefoot Among thousands of flowers Heavy with dew like the eyes of tears, And each had a name Fiori inscribed on a yellow petal Then Gonzalez and Han, Ishikawa and Jenkins. Names written in the air And stitched into the cloth of the day. A name under a photograph taped to a mailbox. Monogram on a torn shirt, I see you spelled out on storefront windows And on the bright unfurled awnings of this city. I say the syllables as I turn a corner Kelly and Lee, Medina, Nardella, and O'Connor. When I peer into the woods, I see a thick tangle where letters are hidden As in a puzzle concocted for children. Parker and Quigley in the twigs of an ash, Rizzo, Schubert, Torres, and Upton, Secrets in the boughs of an ancient maple. Names written in the pale sky. Names rising in the updraft amid buildings. Names silent in stone Or cried out behind a door. Names blown over the earth and out to sea. In the evening weakening light, the last swallows. A boy on a lake lifts his oars. A woman by a window puts a match to a candle, And the names are outlined on the rose clouds Vanacore and Wallace, (let X stand, if it can, for the ones unfound) Then Young and Ziminsky, the final jolt of Z. Names etched on the head of a pin. One name spanning a bridge, another undergoing a tunnel. A blue name needled into the skin. Names of citizens, workers, mothers and fathers, The bright-eyed daughter, the quick son. Alphabet of names in a green field. Names in the small tracks of birds. Names lifted from a hat Or balanced on the tip of the tongue. Names wheeled into the dim warehouse of memory. So many names, there is barely room on the walls of the heart.

 This week has been my continuing ed week. Monday I signed up for eight weeks of salsa dancing, yoga and pilates (MWF). Just now I signed up for Total Memory Workout, Feng Shui for Your Home and Money Management for Women at urlLink Barnes & Noble University . urlLink Fathom is pretty cool too. I was hoping for some free writing courses, but alas all I found free of interest is from AARP: urlLink Caring for Aging Parents: Managing the Details .

 I just noticed two framed pictures on my dining room table. I don't remember where they were originally. I've had many people in the house today that could have moved them. It just struck me as odd that they are of me and the only two gay people I know.

 I met my construction guy at lunchtime to give him the key to my house. And a check for $850. Good thing I already went on vacation.

 Yeppers. This urlLink gay man does it for me. Sad, but true.

 I love the urlLink Fab Five . I just wish they'd be gender-neutral and do a Queer Eye for the Straight Girl! I'd love to see the outfits they'd pick for me! That, and my bedroom(s) could use some help.

 Damn. Wouldn't you know I just found urlLink JournalCon / Web Writers Weekend and registration closed at 11:59 p.m. yesterday ?!

 Speaking of urlLink ChickLit . . .

 I am really enjoying urlLink Why Girls are Weird . If you are a female blogger, it's a must read (sorry guys, it's true "chick lit"). Author urlLink Pamela Ribon , formerly know as Squishy (apparently a very popular blog '98-01), took some time off from her blog to write the book. About blogging. It hits close to home. Although I don't lie about being romantically involved. Well, I mean, basically I don't lie in my blog. At all. Really.

 Sorry. I've been thinking of the word lately. And what it means to people. Does it lose it's value when people use it all.the.time? My feet hurt. Oh, I'm sorry. Why? It's not your fault. Or I had a bad meal. Or I didn't sleep well. Or I paid to much for gas. Why do you tell me you're sorry? It's not your fault. Especially when there are other phrases that could meet the need. Change your shoes. Well, send your meal back. Have you tried melatonin? That sucks. Even when someone dies. It's not like you killed them. How about, I'd saddened by your loss. ? I don't get it. Save the I'm sorry's for when you've wronged me.

 Bwhahaha! urlLink Be consistent. Don't make stupid penalties when you're in the red zone. Erm. Yeah. You have to read the entire post for it to be funny.

 Lookit! Comments are back! Yippee!

 Cory hates it when I get on the computer. She races me to my chair and jumps in before I get there. She gets tangled in the cords (I suppose in hopes of unplugging me ~ which she has done on occassion). She walks across the keyboard. She gets her claws stuck in the speaker so I have to dig her out. She sits on my mouse. She stomps off when I drop her to the floor. She makes me laugh.

 urlLink My favorite restaurant opened here while we were in Boston. I don't know whether to be bummed that it's not on my way home so I can pick-up their yummy take-out on a regular basis or be grateful I can't.

 urlLink Man Ships Himself From New York to Texas to Save Money

 I don't think urlLink Lee liked season two of urlLink Alias .

 Dwayne told me about a travel website that allows you to put in your destination and it comes up with the cheapest flights of all the airlines based on flexible dates. He couldn't remember the website. If you know which one it is, would you shoot me an urlLink e-mail ?

 I have a friend at work and every Monday morning we talk urlLink Sex in the City . It turns out we both have a Mr. Big in our past. During the first few seasons, when the relationship between urlLink Carrie and urlLink Mr. Big was a major feature, it seemed almost every episode would make me cry. To remember. To see how callously he would treat her. To see her take it and think, but she's a smart girl. Like me. And then he married. Someone else. And kept her hanging. Holding on. And she let him. I would mentally plead with her to move on. To let go. My friend sees them as soul mates. She wants them together. I want them apart. She deserves better. It was good to finally see tonight that she thought so too. My Mr. Big is gone. There will never be another time in my life when I wish. Hers has inexplicably returned. After many years. He is married. So is she. They both have kids. I worry when I hear her talk about him. I expect tonight's episode made her cry. I hope it was for the right reasons. Because life is too short.

 Tired. Yep. I just rolled out of bed at 12:43 p.m. I really didn't stay up that late last night ~ maybe 11:30p because I was reading urlLink Why Girls are Weird . It's a pretty funny take on living your life online. Basically I didn't want to get up when I woke up at 9:55a because I still felt pretty beat up from helping work in my yard yesterday. Yes, helping. Sometime in the afternoon, my neighbors knocked on my door to let me know they were going to cut down the tree in the driveway (their yard, covers my driveway) and would I move my car. So I did. Then I stood and chatted. Gave the number of my air conditioning guy. Then Dayne wanted to trim one of my trees in the backyard touching the house/roof. Ok. Then Dwayne (no, they are not related) wanted to trim the pecan tree on the wires. Ok. As I was helping drag the limbs to the front (tomorrow is supposedly city pick-up day for large items), I slipped and fell on a slight embankment I have in my yard and landed on the sidewalk. (As I was later telling my mom the story, she expressed concern about my falling. Well, mom, it's not like I am that graceful in the first place. "Well, that's true.") Then they trimmed the cedar tree in the front yard. Then they cleaned my gutters. Yep. That's me standing in my yard watching them and doing what I can. While Dwayne was on the roof (yes, on the roof) trimming the cedar tree he found ~ and I am not kidding on this ~ at least a wheelbarrow of dirt (almost compost) with stuff growing out of it. So, he hoed that off. You should see some of the roots. They look like lines of potatoes. I was quite embarrassed. They kept reassuring me that it had been there long before I moved in. That I should call my realtor about the inspector because after moving the dirt, they found holes in my roof that have been covered by the dirt. *sigh* Then Dayne felt really bad because they've given me something that might be expensive to worry about. Frankly, I just think they are pretty damn good neighbors.

 While I was in Providence, I bought a bracelet at urlLink Oop! It's a plain silver cuff bracelet with P A S S I O N inscribed. I chose passion because it's so easy to slip into ordinary life. To just live out the days without much thought. And I want to remember to live my life with passion. On the plane, I read the September issue of urlLink O and guess what the topic was? Passion. Passion: that surge of spirit that helps you knowand pursuewhat you really want out of life. I thought Martha Beck covered it well. urlLink Passion - How to Find Yours .

 urlLink Shots and Giggles: From a man's point-of-view .

 In the car this morning I figured out what it is I like about urlLink John Mayer so much. He reminds me of urlLink Dave Matthews with that husky, sexy "I just climbed out of bed" voice. Yum.

 urlLink Is "Alias" turning into "The X-Files"? urlLink Start Making Sense : you missed one Alias episode, and subsequent episodes were as inexplicable as the phrase "long-running series starring Jim Belushi". (Lee, don't read these!) Check this out: urlLink Alias Trading Cards . They include: Episodic Coverage, Prophesies of Rambaldi Cards, Character Cards, Power Players, embedded messages in secret ink and some heat-sensitive cards reveal secret messages and clues.

 I was up bright and early this morning, but urlLink blogger didn't want to work with me. My kitty-sitter had a golf tournament today, so we met at 7 a.m. so I could pick-up Cory. Tim is such a great guy. If he hadn't been married when we met, he would be now. : ) Cory stomped around much of the morning. I worry that she likes Tim and his kids more than me. I went out for lunch and she seems to be on speaking terms now....

 This is that moment when I think, Yea! I'm home. And then I realize, Oh. I'm home.

 It's official. I am never getting married. It just drives me cranky to be around people 24/7. I need my alone time. Right now, the girls are out seeing some historic site and I am at the library doing this. Shortly I'll go outside because it's a gorgeous day (nothing like Boston) and sit somewhere by myself. Mind you, these are people I love and cherish dearly. But I can hardly wait to get home so I can spend two days talking to no one!! The bed at the Biltmore was fabulous. But, apparently I urlLink still snore . Bummer. Yes, maybe it's best for me to stay single.

 Hi from the urlLink Biltmore in Providence. I'll be home tomorrow. xoxo

 Well kids, bright-n-early tomorrow morning I'm off to Boulder till late Monday. Have a great weekend and be safe! Kristy ~ I'll think of you while I play in the snow. ;-)

 Yeah! urlLink Layne's back (although it doesn't look like she was gone for long!).

 Hello Oktoberfesters!

 I think there should be some law that it can't be warm enough on Halloween to use your car air conditioner.

 urlLink Girls pummel man who exposed himself . You go girls!

 Whew. Boulder got lots of snow last night. While the fires are not out, it is safe now.

 I'm supposed to go to Boulder this weekend. Right now, I'm more worried about my urlLink my friends than I am my costume. Elizabeth says the fire is "one ridge" away from their home.

 Pretty!

 I like it . . . urlLink Team Rankings : The Spurs will defend their title and beat the Pistons in the finals. Retooled Spurs are still class of the league The San Antonio Spurs and Los Angeles Lakers dominated the NBA the last five years, with the Lakers winning three titles and the Spurs two, including last season's. Don't expect anyone to horn in on either team this season, either. The power still resides in the West as the top five teams are from that conference. Meanwhile, the Eastern Conference is burdened by seven of the worst eight NBA teams. USA TODAY NBA writer David DuPree ranks the 29 teams: 1. San Antonio Spurs David Robinson's retirement would spell disaster to any team, but these are the Spurs and they retooled with Rasho Nesterovic, Ron Mercer, Robert Horry and Hedo Turkoglu. That means they could be better than last season's title team. Uh-oh forgot to mention Tim Duncan. I promise I won't get too crazy with this stuff until April or so ...

 Awesome! Later today Southwest Airlines is going to urlLink announce flights to Philadelphia starting in May! Guess where I'll be going next year!? I mentioned when it opened that I really want to see the urlLink National Constitution Center and soon I can. Whoo-hoo!

 You know, it's awfully suspicious that I've been using my internet provider dial-up for years now with no problems. But suddenly, their DSL is available in my area and I seem to get screwed up almost every time I log on now. Hmmmm....

 An interesting take on the increase of more realistic sexual situations in films: urlLink More than lip service

 What I'll be watching tonight: urlLink Fat Like Me and urlLink Born Rich .

 It's been one of those days. Grocery store, laundry, dishes, cooking, napping kind of day. I've spent a lot of time thinking. What were you thinking? You barely take care of yourself, let alone a child. You hate changing the litter box ... a diaper? It would have made your life crazy... That kind of thinking. Yeah, crazy. But better. Oh, and urlLink that was much better tonight. At least we got to see him telling her that he missed her. Cause we all know it's true.

 I finished Sheperds Abiding Friday. It disappointed me. It was too choppy. Some of my favorite characters were absent. Others were hardly featured. Others made me think, now who is this? It makes me sad because there is only one book left in the series (and not till 2005!).

 Problem solved. Miss K was gone today.

 From urlLink usatoday : Vaughn's wife, Lauren (Melissa George), thinks Sydney is hiding something on Alias (ABC, Sunday, 9 p.m. ET/PT). Me, I think Lauren is hiding something, but I could be wrong. Me, too!

 urlLink "I had multiple multiples. (My boyfriend) finally said, 'You've got to take that thing off.' "

 Love it!! "David Gest, be a man. Stop trying to take that lady's money. She's earned that money ... You need to take a good look in the mirror. Go get a new plastic surgeon, and leave that woman alone!" --TV talk show host SHARON OSBOURNE, speaking out about the $10 million civil suit filed by producer DAVID GEST against his estranged wife, LIZA MINNELLI, accusing her of spousal abuse.

 I decided I would find out if Miss K would be available to me if I complete the training in November. Two factors: 1) they already have found a place for her or 2) she has siblings she must be placed with. They generally place siblings together, which I understand. But, I think I could only handle one kid at a time. I'm waiting for the coordinator to call me back. Here's how on-board my mom is she found the "perfect" crib while she was out this morning!! Um, yeah. It's a tad early for that.

 The first training session to become a foster parent is November 3. I'll be in Boulder that day. You have to start at the beginning and not miss any classes. The next session doesn't start till January. I could cancel out on the trip and eventually be forgiven. But I'd really miss going. I have my costume ready and everything. I can wait and start in January. There are no guarantees that Miss K will still be around when I finish anyway. It's hard. This meeting got me all excited. I want to be ready now. And at the same time, the prospect of bringing a little person into my life terrifies me. It would change everything. It would change me. There's so much I would need to do if I started in November. Classes on Nov. 3, 5, 8, 10, 11, 12, 13, 15, 17 and 19. I'd have to get a crib and car seat. I'd need donations. Clothing, toys and almost everything else. Otherwise all those expenses would be mine. There's a daily stipend that would help pay for childcare. I'd have to figure out a changing area in my bathroom near the sink, which there's no room for. It scares me and excites me at the same time. I have to let them know by Monday. I haven't talked to anyone about this really. Once in an e-mail with Kristy. I didn't bring it up to my mom until after the meeting. I told her I didn't want to talk it all up and then bail. Once she got past the "oh" factor and it sunk in, she was right there with me. "I've been thinking about that girl since you mentioned her," she said. Me too.

 Tonight is the Inquiry Meeting for being a Foster Parent. I'm going. I've been thinking about it a lot. I just want to learn more about the basics of how it works and what kind of support a foster parent receives. I've been thinking about the why. All these months I've been going, I've never felt sorry for these kids. They are obviously so much happier. You can tell they feel safe and loved. They're getting clean clothes, clean bodies, meals and snacks. They have toys to play with in a clean, safe environment. There are people there who give hugs and kisses. Out of the dozens of kids I've seen come and go, Miss K was the first one to make me feel differently. I can see something in her that I haven't seen in any other child. I see me. Someone who is overwhelmed by the noise and activity. Someone who wants peace and quiet at home. Someone who likes to be by herself. While this week she was more interactive with the other kids, she was still hanging out in the hallway. Not in the main room with the toys and books and balls and games. There were one or two others hanging out around her, but really I could see she wanted to be alone. She's the first child I've wished I could take home with me. I know that in my limited time there I do something with my hugs and laughs and kisses. But this is the first child I've wanted to do even more for. And if I was a foster parent, I could.

 I've been having problems with my computer lately. First with my dial-up and now with it just freezing. I have to reboot mid-session almost every time now. Hate that.

 Newly released figures from the Census Bureau show that metro San Antonio has the highest ratio of single women to single men of any major metropolitan area in Texas, making the city a paradise for bachelors. The Census Bureau says for every 100 never married women over the age of 15 in metro San Antonio, there are 83 single men. That's well below the national average of 87, the state average of 88, or the ratios in both Houston and Dallas, which are 91 single men for every 100 single women. No wonder I can't get a a date. I wonder what those stats are for women my age ...

 I had a dream last night that I was taking a writing class. The teacher failed me and recommended that I find a job in finance or something. Then I came to work and my boss gave me back an article that was "perfect." I think my subconscious is trying to tell me something.

 Once a month at work, we have these team building activities. Today we decorated pumpkins for our desks. Mine: We also always have refreshments. Today's included my absolute favorite sugar cookies with icing. Nummy. But, I didn't even have a nibble. I figured I'd go into sugar shock and eat the whole platter!

 Have I mentioned that I am having a lustful relationship with urlLink Russell Stover Sugar Free Mint Patties ? Straight from the fridge. Heaven.

 There's a man on my block who's been restoring an old Model-T. It makes me smile every time I hear him put-put-put down the street and aruvaaaa the old horn.

 I was going to go for a walk when I got home from work. Then I remembered it'll be dark in about a half-hour and changed my mind. I hate that it's getting dark earlier.

 I am so excited!! The newest book by one of my favorite authors came out today. Yes, I already have my copy and can hardly wait to snuggle into bed to start reading. This is the eighth novel in the wonderful urlLink Mitford Years series. I just love reading about Father Tim and his wife Cynthia, the town of Mitford and its quaint townfolk. It's really simple fiction, but I love it!!

 An urlLink Alias rant. Trust me, I never thought you'd find one here. But I'm thinking I just might agree with urlLink Lee on this ... I think maybe they've urlLink jumped the shark . My problems with last night's episode: Dad can have "the tape" analyzed and find nothing on it, yet Syd can figure out the dying guy is saying "Julia" and be right about it with just slow mo? She strips to her bra and panties to jump like 20 stories into a swimming pool and doesn't smack bottom? Suddenly it's The Covenant who held her for two years? This group we've never heard of before?! Yes, there were good moments. When Sark came into the room (sorry, you have to watch Alias to understand this stuff). When she stabbed him, "This is what you get for betraying me." When dad set-up Vaughn to lie to his wife. But, I didn't find it a really, really compelling watch like in the past. I even, *gasp*, channel surfed once or twice. Although, today, Kristy came up with a good possibility: Ooohhhh, Alias. Okay, here's the deal. Vaughn's wife is only around because Sloane put her there. She's going to bite it later on this season or next season. Sydney is going to figure out that Sloane masterminded the whole thing and placed Vaughn's wife there, then Vaughn will dump her and get back together with Sydney. I like it. Speaking of channel surfing: anybody catch any of the urlLink Hollywood Wives: The New Generation on CBS? I thought Farrah Fawcett looked awful !

 When I visit other blogs I try to check out some of their links. That's how I've found most of my favorite sites. You never know what you're going to find. urlLink And Adam Knew Eve : A Dictionary of Sex in the Bible

 Does anybody know what week of the year this is? Thanks.

 Just for the record. I'm not Me. I mean, I'm me in the posting way, but not in the commenting way. That's not Me. But this is me. I know who Me is and I am certain it's not me. Got that? ; )

 Today is day 14 of the urlLink South Beach Diet and I haven't had a lick of sugar or carbohydrate. I can't even begin to tell you how proud I am of myself. Tomorrow I start phase two and can incorporate fruits and dairy, plus whole grain breads and cereals. I had so much fun at the grocery store today, picking up apples, skim milk, yogurt, Triscuit Thin Crackers and Kashi Go Lean for this week. The funny thing is ... I feel great! Alert. Energetic. Happy. Someone even called me "perky" this week (and I can guarantee you that's never happened before!). Once I got past day three, the cravings really subsided. I do miss sweets, but a sugar-free fudgsicle is dessert enough these days. And trust me, I am the queen of sweets. If I can do this, anyone can. The benefit? I am eight pounds lighter than I was on my birthday. I'm working really hard to change the diet mindset and see this as a new way of eating for me. Yay me!

 I love going to the children's shelter. Love it. Those kids are so wonderful. It's hard to understand why they're there. Certainly not because of anything they've done. o.k., I'm going to say this outloud here. I've been thinking about becoming a foster parent. *shudders* Yes, just the thought of it freaks me out. But, I look at that little girl from two weeks ago, K. The one who couldn't even look at me. She's more interactive now, but still a loner. I just wonder if she'd do better with one-on-one attention instead of the mad house. I'm thinking about attending at least the training sessions. To learn more about the process. My biggest issue would be child care while I was at work. Something I certainly couldn't afford on my own. And then, well, there are a lot of issues to consider. But I've been thinking about it.

 The urlLink Friday Five on this beautiful Saturday morning! 1. Name five things in your refrigerator. Veggie quiche cups, turkey bacon, string cheese, olives and Crystal Light. 2. Name five things in your freezer. Bag of ice, ground turkey, chicken, beef fajita meat and sugar-free fudgsicles. 3. Name five things under your kitchen sink. The dish drainer, extra scrubbing sponges, Comet, 409 and Clorox Gel Cleaner. 4. Name five things around your computer. Cory, pen and pencil holder, calculator, stapler and tape dispenser. 5. Name five things in your medicine cabinet. Lexapro, Clarinex, Cetaphil, Advil and contact lenses.

 My cousin Autumn had her first child on Monday. Here they are still at the hospital: Sanoe Violet Isn't she gorgeous? Her dad is in Kuwait. We hope he is able to come home very soon to meet his little girl.

 urlLink Dog Beats British People in Breath Freshness Test

 urlLink Alias gossip. I wonder if it's because they're not dating on screen anymore and kind of testy with each other's characters. urlLink Alien Affection Better yet, tell me if the nasty notion that Jennifer Garner and Michael Vartan are heading for splitsville is accurate [more] . . .

 So it was the ex's sister in my yoga class. I thought a lot today about whether or not I should talk to her. Let's just say the relationship didn't end well. But, I absolutely adored his family and I think about his mom a lot. I'd thought about not approaching her. I wasn't sure how'd I'd feel if I asked her to fill in the gaps of my missing life. I wanted, specifically, to know how his children were. The boys I helped raise for a time. The boys who called me "mom" without either of us realizing (my mom pointed it out). Then I realized that it's been 11 years. God put her in my path for a reason. But she beat me to it. Walked into the room and right up to me, "Are you Susan?" It was so good to see her. Talk to her. Hear about everyone. It's a part of my past that I miss. And yet, I thank God every day that he's no longer in my life.

 urlLink Awful Plastic Surgery : a chronicle of celebrity plastic surgery

 Just a few minutes ago, I was looking through my Word files for a document. I came across a letter I wrote over five years ago. It made me cry remembering how lucky I was to have had Mary Ryan in my life. Mr. Ryan, I was shocked and saddened to learn of your wifes death in Sundays paper. The services Monday evening especially were a true celebration of her life. Tributes that Im sure made her proud. I had the good fortune of being one of her kids. I had her for class twice - 8th grade math and 11th grade Algebra II. It was in her classes that I received my only As in math. But, it was about more than the As. It was about giving her students self-esteem, dignity, encouragement, self-respect and so much more. Even though I graduated 15 years ago, your wife has corresponded with me all this time. The last time she wrote me, she said shed had minor surgery, but that it was nothing to worry about. I had no idea. After reading her obituary, I immediately found on my dining room table a note from last year. In it she wrote, You know, Susan, I am very proud of you, your accomplishments, your success. You are a very special young lady and you will always be dear to me. You have a real spot in my heart. In the course of our lifetimes, we each have people who touch us in some way. But very few actually change who we are as people. I know that she had a hand in helping me become the person I am today. Her friendship (she tried for years to get me to call her Mary I just couldnt!), and support have seen me through many joyful experiences and difficult times too. I wrote to her about my dads death, great loves and broken hearts, new jobs, promotions, vacations, all of it and she always had a profound piece of advice or encouragement that reached my heart in a way no one else could. She in turn, wrote me about your wonderful family of how proud she was of your children, of the satisfaction she got from being Mimi she so loved her grandchildren, and of the sometimes difficult times at school. You were indeed, the great love of her life and she inspired me to believe I could find a relationship like yours. I am a writer at heart, and even with receiving awards and seeing published pieces, your wife gave me the greatest compliment I ever received about my writing. She wrote once, many years ago, When I read your letters, its like youre sitting here talking to me. Ill never forget that. Even without having an opportunity to say good-bye to Mrs. Ryan, I know that she left here knowing how much she meant to me how she influenced my life. And I know in my heart that she loved me too. She was more than a teacher. She was my friend. With a sad heart,

 urlLink Can too much sex be bad ? Apparently . . . yes for men, but no for women. Neener. Neener.

 Cool movie review site a co-worker told me about: urlLink Check The Grid . She says the scores run pretty accurate to her personal taste.

 I started reading urlLink 8 Minutes in the Morning last night. I am amazed at how much it's made me think differently about myself and my relationship with food. I may even have to head to bed a little early to continue reading and journaling.

 urlLink What happens to the "Queer Eye" Cinderfellas once their fairy godmothers have left the building? urlLink Gentlemen of "Queer Eye," your ladies are waiting. Raising her hand, I'd love to be made over! Do you think urlLink Kyan would wash my hair personally? Or hold my hand as they wax my brows? *sigh*

 I love my neighbors. Mow my yard. Clean my gutters. Fix my fence. I need to do something really nice for them for Christmas.

 I have weird dreams when I travel. I don't know why that is. Strange place. Not my bed. I guess. I dreamt about my Godmother, "Aunt" Verna. She was in some sort of trouble and was in court. Mom and I were hiding in the back trying to figure out what was going on. She was convicted of being a mean person and they took her away. Someone somehow figured out our relationship and asked me if it was true and I said that it was. Mind you, she's been dead nearly 11 years now, so I'm not so sure what I'm still pissed off about.

 I want to find someone who makes me feel like this: urlLink Why can't I breathe whenever I think about you Why can't I speak whenever I talk about you It's inevitable, it's a fact that we're gonna get down to it So tell me Why can't I breathe whenever I think about you

 Some Halloween giggles a little early ... Q. Why did the ghost go into the bar? A. For the Boos. Q. Why didn't the skeleton dance at the party? A. He had no body to dance with. Q. Why is a ghost such a messy eater? A. Because he is always a goblin. Q. Why did the Vampire read the Wall Street Journal? Q. He heard it had great circulation. Q. What do you get when you cross a black cat with a lemon? A. A sour-puss.

 Today I bought urlLink 8 Minutes in the Morning , by Jorge Cruise. Yes, an exercise book . But, I've seen a lot of people talk about it on the urlLink SBD Forum , so I thought it would be a good thing to add to my repertoire. Yes, even though it means getting up eight minutes earlier! Oh, and I promise I will not become a diet blog.

 So all the food at the State Fair was a terrible, terrible temptation. Luckily, I found a Crystal Light Slurpee. The sugar-free drink was my sweet treat for the day. Yum! urlLink "This plan really does meet several criteria for a health-promoting diet," says Cindy Moore, RD, a director of nutrition therapy at The Cleveland Clinic in Ohio and a spokeswoman for the American Dietetic Association (ADA). "It appears to be scientifically based. It is rich in vegetables, fruits, whole grains, and lean protein, and it doesn't omit any major food groups."

 Dang. I forgot to mention I was going to Arlington to visit my friend Kristy for the weekend. Sorry (did you miss me?!). Kristy moved up in August to start graduate school and a new job. I got to see her new apartment, the very swanky workplace (free beverages!) and the UTArlington campus. Yesterday we spent most of our day at the urlLink State Fair . Fun, except when the game was over and the drunk fans were obnoxious. Today we saw urlLink School of Rock . Sweet and urlLink Jack Black in the same sentence ~ who would've thunk it?! Best of all? Tomorrow is a holiday!!!!!!!! (sorry Kristy!)

 o.k., so I'm late on this too. But today is urlLink National Depression Screening Day . While it may be too late to do something today , it's never to late to talk to your doctor or health care provider about urlLink depression . I know it can be hard. Especially when you're depressed ~ to find the wherewithall within yourself to tell someone, I think there's something wrong with me . I know. Because I did just last year. I remember finding the courage to make the appointment. And literally forcing myself to keep it. I remember sitting in the waiting room. Wishing I could just flee. I remember sitting in the examing room. Trying to convince myself that it wasn't that bad. But it was. And I thank God everyday that I dug deep and found the courage to admit there was something "wrong" with me. While that day ranks up there as one of the hardest things I've ever had to do, it also is one of the best. It totally changed my life.

 Today is day four with no carbs or sugar (well, not totally without because there is some naturally in foods). I'm feeling pretty good. Thank heavens, cause I felt pretty crappy yesterday. To the point of, If this is how I'm going to feel, forget it. I talked to one of my friends who has been successful on the urlLink South Beach Diet and she talked me through it. Said the third day was her worst day too. I'm surprised that I'm not really craving more sweets. My biggest salivation has been for a glass of skim milk or an apple (which I can have again beginning Oct. 20).

 Shame on me. I've been meaning to do this all month: During Breast Cancer Awareness Month, we have an opportunity to give the gift of early detection to more women than ever. During October, the daily clicks on the " urlLink Fund Free Mammograms " button give twice the usual amount of funding toward free mammograms for women in need.

 I made it through my first yoga class tonight. It wasn't what I thought it would be. More meditation/relaxation than stretching. Afterwards, she asked what we wanted more/less of. She was visibly disappointed that we wanted less meditation. Lisa, my favorite sister of "the" ex, was in the class. I haven't seen her for 11+ years. We didn't speak, but next week I'm gonna be early and speak with her. If for no other reason, I'd like to know how her mom is doing.

 urlLink TLC's popular home-design show has lost its edge : I confess. I've stopped watching.

 Right now, I am totally addicted to the urlLink South Beach Diet forum at urlLink Prevention . If you're looking to learn more about the diet, it's a great place to start.

 I bought some yoga pants today at Target. I'm wearing them around today to stretch them out so I won't have such a wide-load look tomorrow. I love them already.

 My house smells lovely. I am roasting enough veggies to last me the rest of the week. I must say I am tired of thinking about food. But then, maybe that was my problem before. Mindless eating without a lot of thinking.

 Thank heavens it's election day in California. I don't even live there and I am sick of the campaigning.

 Well, I made it through day one without severe withdrawal! Salsa class was fun again, and I found someone in the class even less coordinated than me. Yea!

 My name is Susan and I am a carbohydrate/sugar addict. I officially started the urlLink South Beach Diet today. I know I eat way too much processed food and have a diet full of carbs and sugar. I've been keeping track at urlLink Calorie King and noticed that fat was only 22% percent of my diet in September, but carbs were a raging 60%. Diabetes runs in my family and, frankly, I am carrying too many pounds on my frame. I'm not looking to weigh what I weighed when I was 25. But it's time for me to start working towards a healthier body (aerobically too). Last week I started the salsa dance class. This week I will add in yoga. I've witnessed the success of several friends on the South Beach Diet. I know I need to work on what I eat too, so I borrowed the SBD book and it made sense. The first two weeks means giving up carbs pretty much cold turkey. Sugar too. That means no bread, rice, potatoes, pasta, or baked goods. No fruit, even. No candy, cake, cookies, ice cream, beer or alcohol of any kind. Some items are added back in 2 weeks. Can you hear the panic in my voice? I'm nervous. This is something I have never tried before. I am one of those people who cant imagine not feeding my sweet-tooth as often as I like. I can't imagine those types of cravings being gone from my life. But thats what the books says happens. I'll let you know.

 urlLink I don't regret moving on with my life . Ouch.

 Ooo! Ooo! Sydney and Sark. Meeting Vaughn's wife! urlLink You didn't come here to see how I am. You came here to see how you are. You want to know how I am? I am horrible! I am ripped apart! And not because I lost you because if it had been me, I would have waited and now I realize what an absolute waste that would have been. Is it time yet?!

 I've been cooking. The flooding should start anytime now. No, really . . . I've been making some of my meals for the week. Yes, planning my meals ahead of time. I told you. There might even be a tornado. I've even washed my dishes already. Not what I came to write about ... I've been listening to a CD I haven't played in months. Know how you hear something for the first time, again? Today it was urlLink Better Than You : I've been loved, I've been left. I've been wronged by the best. I've had hopes that were shattered in two. I've heard promises spoken, I've had dreams left so broken, There was no chance they'd ever come true. It ain't easy to see but take it from me, There's no hell I haven't walked through. An' I won't cross that line, Cause this heart of mine's, Been broken by better than you. Amen, sister.

 I laid down about 12:30 to take a nap. I figured mom would call as she left church about 1 p.m., hence I'd have a built in alarm clock. Alas, she didn't call. So when I woke up on my own it was 3:42 p.m. Yes, three plus hours. I don't think that can technically be called a "nap" can it?

 I think this is the first time I've felt melancholy after leaving the shelter. I spent most of my time with one little girl, K. She kept slipping down the hallway to hide. I think there were too many children there and too much noise. I sat down for a while and some other kids came to play with me, but not her. Finally I just picked her up and carried her back into the play area. I danced with her in my arms for a while before putting her down. She stood there for a moment and without even looking around her arms shot back up. The universal signal for "pick me up!". We danced again for a while. She never lifted her head off my shoulders. Her arms were wrapped around me. Eventually I sat down in a rocking chair and she fell asleep. I just sat there with her until it was time for lunch. I took her to the kitchen and they pulled her from my arms, calling her name so she would wake up. I left her there to help with some of the infants. After lunch, I went looking for her. When I saw her, for the first time, she looked me in the face. Her arms shot up and I got her out of her high chair. She placed her head on my shoulders and arms around my neck. It was the only time she looked at me. She never laughed. Never cried. Never looked at me. Just laid on my shoulder or chest with her arms around me. I could finally tell by her raspy breaths that she was asleep. I placed her in bed and she was asleep when I left. The collar of her dress hiding her face.

 As I grabbed my shoes this morning (I'm getting ready to head to the shelter), they jingled. Like a baby's shoe with a bell on it. When I shook it again, I realized one of Cory's balls was inside. Jammed down by the toe. That cat so makes me laugh. I saw her laying last night where Lily's food had been. I think she needs a companion (like her mom). I told mom yesterday that I'd been thinking about getting another cat so Cory would have company during the day. But I really don't want another litter box. And then I said, And, you know, I don't want to be one of those old ladies . She started laughing, "You mean one found with like 80 cats running wild in her house?!" Yeah .

 Gotta feel for the guy (or girl) who found my site looking for "how do i make conversation with my girlfriend".

 We did birthday lunch for mom with the Godparents today. Gina was quiet and when she spoke, the words did not come easily. Afterwards, mom and I went to a local arts fair. I saw a hand towel and pointed it out to her: Friends learn the song of your life and when your memory fails they sing it for you. She started crying right there on the spot.

 urlLink Real Women Have Curves is on urlLink HBO tonight. Girls, it's a great chick flick . Watch it. You'll love it. I promise.

 Look. I'm younger than urlLink Zuly ! My inner child is six years old! Look what I can do! I can walk, I can run, I can read! I like to do stuff, and there's a whole big world out there to do it in. Just so long as I can take my blankie and my Mommy and my three best friends with me, of course. urlLink How Old is Your Inner Child? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 The girls seemed to have survived the day together without drawing blood or breaking anything. Jeff seemed to have a good day filming a commercial for the urlLink Chick-fil-A Peach Bowl . It will run on ESPN and ESPN 2. He's the one in the cap and grey sweater. When I got home from work, we took my mom out to dinner and ice cream for her 79th birthday. Happy Birthday Mom . Jeff and Lily have gone home now, but not before he fixed my printer for me. Thanks, dude.

 Cory is having her first interaction with a dog. She is basically an orange fur ball. My friend Jeff spent the night because he has an early call to film a commercial. He bought his dog, Lily, with him. Last night Cory was zooming around sideways like stalker cat. It was very funny and Lily was basically oblivious to it all. They will spend the day alone together. I'll let you know if we find Lily hiding in the closet!

 urlLink Friday Five : 1. What vehicle do you drive? Honda Accord 2. How long have you had it? May 2001 3. What is the coolest feature on your vehicle? Sun roof, six CD changer in the dash 4. What is the most annoying thing about your vehicle? No room to carry large sheets of plywood 5. If money were no object, what vehicle would you be driving right now? That varies from day-to-day. Right now, I am salivating over the commercial for the new urlLink Cadillac SRX .

 We have a new Petite Ya-Ya. Ileana had her second daughter yesterday. Catherine Grace 8 lbs. 15 oz. 19 inches 8:15 a.m. Wednesday, October 1 I went to see them tonight and she is absolutely gorgeous. I'd have taken a picture to share with you, but damn that missing camera. I hope my handy man or his buddy didn't take it.

 I didn't wuss out. I figured if nothing else, I need the "date" practice. Making conversation, eye contact, that sort of thing. I am very out of practice. Michele and I met there so she could introduce us. She left after 30 minutes. I could see from across the courtyard that he was a decent looking fellow. Not the Davy Jones she'd promised, but fair enough. He's from Manchester. And a big fan of some team they have there. United something with some Beckham guy that got traded. [I'm kidding here sports fans, back off.] Now, Michele and I have an understanding that smoking is a deal breaker. I won't meet a smoker. I didn't realize that teeth needed to be on the list. Yes, teeth. He was missing his two teeth from his right side. Yep, wide open space. He has the lovely British accent. Their dry sense of humor and was quite personable. I enjoyed chatting with him, but he's not date material for me. I know dentistry is a cosmetic issue. But, I'm only 38, I want my men to still have their teeth. Hair is negotiable.

 urlLink Diet Blog : Sometimes I think I think about dieting too much without actually acting on it.

 I have a girlfriend. o.k. Not really a girlfriend . But there's this regular reader who stops by every weekday (for over a year now). Several times a day. Like six times today . I've come to think of her as my girlfriend. As in, I wonder if my girlfriend has come to see me today? Because no one reads me as much as she does. I'm sure she doesn't think I've noticed her presence. She's never left a comment. We've never met and I wouldn't recognize her on the street. But she's here. A part of my life. Weird, huh?

 This evening I am supposed to meet Neil. The guy my friend picked up for me at Pat O'Brien's last week (she's married and not in need of another). I really, really don't want to go. Really. I am thisclose to wussing out.

 urlLink Take Back Your Time Day : is a nationwide initiative to challenge the epidemic of overwork, over-scheduling and time famine that now threatens our health, our families and relationships, our communities and our environment.

 I like seeing people smile in the car. With no one else there. No cellphone. Just smiling. And driving. I always wonder what they are listening to on the radio.

 The men seem to be so diferent here. More down to earth. Less interested in material things. They feel like "real" men. The kind who want to find the right woman and settle down. We don't seem to have many of that type at home.

 It's funny the difference in slang. We had someone over for breakfast and he said, "Man, I crapped out last night." He didn't mean he crapped , he meant he fell fast asleep.

 Well, I'll be leaving the countryside the way I found it. Snowless.

 I hate it when I look at my blog and it links me to someone else's. Especially since I use my blogroll to visit my favorite sites and now I can't because I don't remember their urls.

 Happy Thanksgiving y'all!

 I have spent a lot of this trip thinking and reflecting. I so enjoy being around my cousins, yet it makes me feel melancholy to watch them interact. I really missed out on building great relationships with them when I was younger. It makes me envious to see how well they get along. It makes me think about my brother and what I should do there. I brought it up in front of my aunt, but she wasn't too encouraging. She thinks it's my sister-in-law who keeps my brother away from us. My mom concurred. I think that when the fight occurred, she saw it as a good out to not spend so much time with us, but I don't think she thought it would turn into this. Certainly the last few times I have seen them, she has been more welcoming than he has. Last night I thought about my life and how I seem to keep waiting for some epiphany that might not ever come.

 Michigan : Official state of the domestic vehicle. I think since Saturday I can count the number of foreign built cars on the road on one hand .

 Today I sat in a recliner chair with a cup of cocoa and stared out at the snow for hours. I didn't nap. Or read. Or watch tv. I just sat there. Mezmorized.

 B.R.R. It was 18&deg; when I got up this morning to a sea of white. Absolutely gorgeous. We had wild blueberry pancakes for breakfast. Yum. I took some pictures outside a few minutes ago. It's all the way up to 23&deg; now!!

 I love being out in the middle of nowhere. For a week, anyway. I was really going to try to stay away from the computer and force myself to do nothing the entire time, but you see how long that lasted. I love that going to the grocery store is an event. I'd hate it full time though. Trudging through the cold, wet, snow . . . only to find you'd forgotten something and the trip back would take another hour out of your day.

 It's still weird pushing mom in a wheelchair, but I was really grateful for it in Detroit. I was shocked at how huge the airport was. We'd probably still be there walking from our arrival gate in terminal A to our departure gate in terminal C. Yeah, the prop plane from Detroit to Traverse City? Not so much fun.

 Hello from Michigan. Guess what? It's been snowing all day long! It started off lightly, but I'm sure there are several inches on the ground now. It is absolutely beautiful. I just love it. My family keeps teasing that it's all my fault the snow has come (they don't really welcome it just yet). The flakes are large and if it keeps up, everything will be totally covered by tomorrow. Yea!

 Well, my computer is still jacked up. Even after a visit from another Nerd. *sigh* Doesn't really matter right now because I am off for a holiday visit with my family. It's not urlLink London with urlLink Lee , but I'm looking forward to it just the same. Have a great week everyone and a Happy Thanksgiving! Let us remember that, as much as has been given us, much will be expected from us, and that true homage comes from the heart as well as from the lips and shows itself in deeds. ~ Theodore Roosevelt, Thanksgiving Proclamation, 1901

 I've always thought it would be cool to write under a urlLink pseudonym . What a cool way to be totally honest in an anonymous way.

 Hey. My mouse is acting all whack again. I'll post when I can.

 Other webloggers . . . do you ever receive hits from searches that you find disturbing? In the last 12 hours, I have been hit six times with the exact same search -- all from different domains. It's most certainly something I have never blogged about. I mean, I know how the search engines glean words to make the search fit. But, eww. That's disgusting and you all need to be in jail.

 Mmmm, well, they're almost completely smooth ... hopefully once the marshmallows are melted it will be hardly noticable.

 I love whoever is writing this new series for Blogger: urlLink How not to get fired because of your blog . Very, very funny! The urlLink article that prompted the Blogger response. The urlLink fired blogger .

 urlLink Queer Eye for the Straight Guy is back tonight with all new episodes. Kyan, Kyan, Kyan. *sigh*

 We're having a potluck Thanksgiving lunch at work tomorrow. I am making sweet potato casserole. My house smells so good !

 urlLink "Alias," which entirely reinvented itself this season -- again -- is pure, crazy, spy fantasy fun. Well, they came a long way in that last episode, but I don't think they've totally won me back. I need more . . . action between Syd and Vaughn to make it all better. Waaaa: urlLink "After doing everything we possibly could including meeting the agents' requests, Lena ultimately decided it wasn't the right time for her to return to the show" ALIAS fans unite to urlLink BRING BACK LENA !

 Where do I sign-up? urlLink 'Queer Eye' Team Tackles Women Next .

 Sunday night just isn't the same without urlLink Alias .

 Guess what I just saw on my way back from the grocery store? A house. On my street. With it's Christmas lights on!!! Mind you, they were putting them out while wearing shorts !! [ runs from the room screaming! ]

 The guy ahead of me in line at the grocery store had a great ass. Sure, he was there with his pregnant wife, but that doesn't make his ass any less great.

 It is a beautiful day here. Sunny and warm ~ nearly 80&deg;. Totally un-November-ish. I have the windows open and ceiling fans full blast as I tidy up some. Sure makes it hard to think about the holidays. And shopping.

 I haven't been able to volunteer at the infant's shelter for two weeks now because of construction. I was out-of-town the weekend prior and will be again next weekend, so that will make a whole month of Sundays that I haven't been there. I have enjoyed having my Sunday mornings back. And that's bad.

 urlLink Alias urlLink spoilers . Emphasis on spoilers . And the urlLink Alias Links Database .

 A blog about urlLink trying to get pregnant . It's poignant and painful to read.

 from urlLink starfishchick : apparently you're supposed to cross-thru the birthday month personality characteristics that are not true . AUGUST : Loves to joke. Attractive [ see egoistic below ]. Suave and caring. Brave and fearless. Firm and has leadership qualities. Knows how to console others. Too generous and egoistic. Takes high pride of oneself. Thirsty for praises. Extraordinary spirit. Easily angered. Angry when provoked. Easily jealous. Observant. Careful and cautious. Thinks quickly. Independent thoughts. Loves to lead and to be led. Loves to dream. Talented in the arts, music and defense. Sensitive but not petty. Poor resistance against illnesses. Learns to relax. Hasty and trusty. Romantic. Loving and caring. Loves to make friends.

 From another urlLink Susan : Which one are you? No cheating. Pick your dessert, then look to see what psychiatrists think about you! If all of the desserts listed below were sitting in front of you, which would you choose? (Sorry you can only pick one) Angel food Brownies Lemon Meringue Vanilla with Chocolate Icing Strawberry Short Cake Chocolate on Chocolate Ice Cream Carrot Cake NO ... You can't change your mind ... so think carefully, what your choice will be! OK - Now that you've made your choice, this is what research says about you ~ the answers are in the comment box.

 Dangnabit. Seems Layne has gone again. At least she left a urlLink silly good-bye .

 Funny. urlLink Blogger has come up with an urlLink official stance for what to do if your Mom discovers your blog...

 I went to the funeral today. It was lovely. Standing room only. A nice tribute to her life. It made me think about what I would want at my funeral if I died tomorrow. I know I would want a lot of songs sung. Amazing Grace, How Great Thou Art, Just As I Am, I know that my Redeemer lives, Beautiful Savior, Awesome God, I Could Sing of Your Love Forever, Shout to the Lord. I'm sure there are more. And lots of Bible versus. Job 19: 1, 23-27; Psalms, 23 and 103; Matthew 5: 1-12; Mathew 11: 25-30; Luke 23: 33, 39-43; John 5: 24-29; John 11: 17-27; and John 14: 1-6. Go get your Bible. You know you want to know which ones they are (Yes, I did some research. I didn't pull these off the top of my head). Would I want a friend or two to stand and speak of my life? I thought about Sandy. She would have some good stories from the last 24 years of my life. Geez. Next year I will have known that girl for 25 years. Impossible. Linda and Elizabeth would have some funny ones. Michele too. But could I even ask for that?

 urlLink the marley chronicles . I'm pretty sure she has the twin of Cory. If you're not reading urlLink Not So Simple , you should be!

 Aging Mildred was a 93 year old woman who was particularly despondent over the recent death of her husband, Earl. She decided that she would just kill herself and join him in death. Thinking that it would be best to get it over with quickly, she took out Earl's old Army pistol and made the decision to shoot herself in the heart, since it was so badly broken in the first place. Not wanting to miss the vital organ and become a vegetable and burden to someone, she called her doctor's office to inquire as to just exactly where the heart would be on a woman. The doctor said, "Your heart would be just below your left breast." Later that night, Mildred was admitted to the hospital with a gunshot wound to her knee.

 The urlLink Friday Five : 1. Using one adjective, describe your current living space. Messy. 2. Using two adjectives, describe your current employer. Stable and Integral. 3. Using three adjectives, describe your favorite hobby/pastime. Entertaining, enjoyable and educational. 4. Using four adjectives, describe your typical [work] day. Monotonous, disheartening, uneventful and disappointing. 5. Using five adjectives, describe your ideal life. Happy, loved, fulfilled, challenged and affluent.

 My mom quit smoking 30 years ago today. Go mom!

 urlLink What is the point of Jessica Simpson and Britney Spears? My thoughts exactly.

 I guess urlLink Paris Hilton's parents couldn't get to their lawyers quick enough. urlLink Wizbangblog has several links to "previews" of the sex tape. Apparently she's quite skanky skinny (just dial-up here, so I didn't even try to watch!).

 Shucks. If I'd known about the urlLink Firefighters up for bid to benefit charity gig earlier, I could've started a "help Susan get a date" slush fund!

 urlLink Hairball Removed From Toddler's Stomach : A 3-year-old Canadian girl suffers from a developmental disorder that causes children to munch on their hair. Surgeons removed a grapefruit-sized hairball from the stomach. Geez, poor baby.

 Someone I know from work died yesterday of cancer. It started out as breast cancer before moving to her brain and spine. We weren't more than meeting acquaintances, but she was only 36 years old. 36. That's two years younger than me. That hurts.

 I had therapy yesterday too. We spent a long time talking about my ongoing feud with my brother. It's not that we fight all the time, we just haven't really talked in 13 years. She thinks it's time for me to extend the olive branch. I was not at all open to the idea. And I think it surprised her. We've discussed it before, but I don't think I've ever been so adamantly opposed before. Usually I'll listen and agree, or agree to think about it, but last night I was pretty much a brick wall and some of her talk bounced back at her. So much so, that she asked if I was going to "fire" her and made me promise I would come back. Here's the thing. The fight we had probably wouldn't have even been a blip on the radar in a "normal" family. But we never learned to communicate anger, so once we did we couldn't figure out how to get past it. She asked me to think of what good might come of having my brother in my life again. And I couldn't list one single thing. Not one. I could rattle off a list of the ugly, but no good. She told me to talk to others about their siblings. To learn about the good and bad of those relationships. Heck, I'm always the first one to tell people to make up with their dad or their sibling, and yet I'm one to talk. Pot calling the kettle black and all. I'm really not interested in making up with my brother. I even sit here thinking between paragraphs with my arms crossed. In the end, it's not about the fight anymore. It's that he left and pretty much never came back. He didn't just punish me. He punished his mother and his children.

 I just finished a very funny article from urlLink The Onion about a mother finding her son's blog. I was through reading the article and commiserating emphatically with Kevin ( Oh, man, that sucks. ) when I remembered The Onion is totally satirical. I gotta get out more.

 Holy Moly. urlLink Jish owns more bath and beauty products than I do.

 urlLink Virtual Book Tour : cool!

 I did see urlLink Lost in Translation yesterday. I thought it was beautifully done. A love letter to Tokyo almost. It's certainly the most I've ever liked urlLink Bill Murray and I was entranced by urlLink Scarlett Johansson . It was a sweet film shot with a magnificent eye for details.

 I finished Spin Cycle so fast it didn't even make it on the "pleasure" list. It was your a-typical romance click lit.

 I like to travel and recently have been trying to remember where I've been in recent years. I'd say I was first bitten by the travel bug with a trip to Walt Disney World in '98. I'm pretty sure I've missed a trip or two and I can't remember much of one year at all. But, here goes: 1998 Walt Disney World 1999 Seattle Las Vegas London 2000 Los Angeles Chicago / Michigan Salt Lake City San Diego (Disney Land) 2001 Las Vegas New York City 2002 Boulder Kansas City Washington, DC London 2003 Tampa Las Vegas Park City South Padre Island Boston Boulder Michigan

 I just saw urlLink Harry Connick Jr. as I walked to lunch. No, really. We passed each other on the sidewalk! What a cutie!

 If you are ever looking for excellent TV spoilers, check out the urlLink Watch With Wanda transcripts. Her urlLink weekly column is also good, but remember, they're spoilers !

 Kristy - e-mail me at home or call my cell regarding the train ride this morning.

 Check it out, I am now guest blogging on urlLink Diet Blog . A very interesting site with links to diet and nutrition news. Can you guess which ones are mine?

 Happy Veteran's Day! A weird, yet very welcome Tuesday holiday!

 I decided last night that I'm not going to finish What Are You Looking At? The First Fat Fiction Anthology . It was making me sad.

 Man, it feels like my PC is moving at lightening speed compared to recently. Thanks Nerd!

 I saw urlLink Road to Perdition tonight. Not my standard fare, but a good, solid movie. I do like the work of urlLink Sam Mendes . Since tomorrow is a holiday, I am going to see urlLink Lost in Translation . I also want to see urlLink Brother Bear and urlLink Love Actually , but others will want to see those too and I don't know one single other person interested in the urlLink Sofia Coppola flick (hey, at least she quit urlLink acting ).

 Man, I am just getting compliments all over the place. First urlLink Kate , now urlLink Layne has me listed under "better than here." So not true.

 OhMyGod. Rolling on the floor funny: urlLink weenie talk . Girls, trust me, this is a must read .

 Well, 80 bucks and one hour later and my computer is up and running again. Thank heavens for urlLink Computer Nerdz !

 Oh, yes. urlLink Alias so rocked last night! That was the best episode this season. Dixon, Marshall & Sloane. Syd & Sloane. Dad & Vaughn. Wife & Sark. Syd & Vaughn. Some things never end ... *sigh* O.K., yes, I had tears when they were at the airport together. But then, I cry at urlLink Hallmark commercials!

 From Boulder . . . Ashley and Todd, the Deviled Eggs The out-of-towners Our hostesses, Elizabeth and Kim

 Either my mouse has committed suicide or my computer has died. I'm going to make an appointment with a repair guy and hopefully get my pc up and running soon. You know how I am going through withdrawal . . .

 A recent University of Chicago research study confirms what many have suspected for a long time: urlLink women make men drool .

 The urlLink Friday Five : 1. What food do you like that most people hate? Anchovies. 2. What food do you hate that most people love? Bell peppers. I'm not really a picky eater, so that's all I could think of. However, I'm not sure if they qualify something people would "love." 3. What famous person, whom many people may find attractive, is most unappealing to you? urlLink Catherine Zeta-Jones . There's just something about her that grates on my nerves. urlLink Renee Zellweger too. Although, I did enjoy urlLink Chicago . 4. What famous person, whom many people may find unappealing, do you find attractive? Um, no one is coming to mind right now. I'm sure there's someone . 5. What popular trend baffles you? urlLink Britney .

 Kat asked for a poodle skirt picture from the weekend. Unless someone e-mails me better shots of myself, that ain't happening. The two I've seen made me think, I need a boob job . No, not that kind ... the kind that picks 'em up off the belly. Sheesh.

 I had the nicest thing happen to me today. Seems urlLink buzzstuff has a monthly Blog it Forward Day . You're to pick someone off of your blogroll (or link list) and tell us why they are link-worthy (alright, you can pick more than one if you must). It's a great chance to spotlight someone who just isn't getting the recognition they deserve. Or maybe you'd like to tell us about a fantastic writer that gives you pause every day. Maybe you just want to point out someone who makes you laugh every day. There might even be someone out there who has changed your life. And urlLink Kate picked me ! I was so blown away by the fact that she choose me from her really long list of favorite reads ~ plus she had some really nice things to say about me! Thanks, Kate!!

 Have you seen urlLink Rich Girls ? Like OhMyGod rich teenage angst. Phulze.

 So here's urlLink Blogger's response about my problem of bringing up someone else's blog instead of my own: Because of an obscure bug in our Blog*Spot system, on rare occasion you might encounter someone else's blog when attempting to view your own. This bug corrects itself after about a minute, so please be patient and try reloading after 60 seconds or so. (yes, we do plan to eventually fix this!) Blogger Support > (yes, we do plan to eventually fix this!) gee, glad to hear it!

 Hi friends of urlLink Kate !

 Hey. We got in too late last night to post. Tonight I've been cooking and catching up with urlLink my show (awesome: kill that bitch). Forgive my laziness, but I'm going to paraphrase the weekend from an e-mail I sent earlier: We had a really nice weekend in Boulder. True "chamber of commerce" days. It was cold I dont think it got over 35 degrees the entire three days. A really nice change of pace from the high humidity 80+ degree-days we're still having here. We even had snow. There was some on the ground and while we were at Estes Park it snowed the entire time. That was really, really grand for us Texans who havent had snow since 1985. We witnessed an elk crossing literally what must've been 200 elk crossed the road in front of us somewhere between Estes and Boulder. It was just starting to get dark and it was really foggy. Seeing their shadows in the fog was like something out of a movie. It was one of those amazing moments in nature that leave you breathless with awe. The Halloween party was great fun. We all enjoyed getting dressed up for the occasion. My 50s poodle skirt outfit turned out pretty cute. The food was fabulous and I ate way too much chocolate fondue. We went to a local brewery for dinner Sunday night and I tried their beer sampler. After the eight smallish glasses, I was pretty glad when my meal came. I certainly shopped more than normal and had quite a bit of success. It was a fun weekend, although I am sure Elizabeth and Kim were glad to get rid of the ten of us (six of us left yesterday, the other four today)!

 Oopsie. I didn't mean for that to turn into a three hour nap. ::yawning, stretching:: Happy New Year Y'all!

 Hmpfh. I must've been hopped up on steroids yesterday. Where'd all that posting come from??

 CNN's Reviewer Paul Clinton's urlLink top 10 films of 2003 . I have seen only one. Any guesses?

 urlLink Annual underwear rush is on in Mexico What I want to know is what if I find a combo red/yellow pair of undies. Does that count??

 I meant to post this e-mail yesterday to give you an idea of how I've sounded since Christmas Eve (although I do feel better today, I am still getting comments about the cough, "What? They didn't give you something for that?!): i'm sorry you couldn't join us last night. you sounded awful on the message you left me, so i hope that rest is doing you some good. i didn't call back because i didn't want to disturb your rest or make you hack up your other lung while trying to have a conversation. if i don't talk to you in the next couple of days ... HAPPY NEW YEAR! --jeff I was supposed to go with a group to the urlLink Spurs game on Sunday, but just felt too crappy. And I am never one to pass up free tickets to a urlLink Spurs game (whoot! 13 wins in a row!)

 urlLink Dan Brown employs the urlLink JK Rowling technique of a mini-cliffhanger at the end of each chapter that keeps you reading. Dammit all to hell. I was trying to stretch this book out two more days and I can tell you that ain't going to happen.

 Here's the second-to-last urlLink PromoGuy's Monday Mission (3.52): 1. So, what did you get for Christmas? Cuisinart Mini-Prep Processor, Revlon paraffin hand bath, pretty green bead bracelet, pink sweater, heart photo album, cross earrings, several heart ornaments from multiple givers, Christmas stocking with hearts, yoga/pilates block, Coupling DVD, Andy Warhol cat calendar, amazon.com gift certificate (which I used to buy a Tanita Scale Plus Body Fat Monitor and a subscription to Prevention magazine) and homemade cookies. I'm sure I've forgotten something. 2. Are you returning any gifts you were given for Christmas? No. I do need to exchange the pink sweater for a larger size (*sigh*). But that's only if my Godfather can find the receipt. I'm not holding my breath. 3. What is the best part of Christmas being over? 2004 and a fresh New Year is just days away. 4. Do you have any traditions each year for New Year's Eve? No. 5. If you could go back into 2003 and change just one thing, or get a "do over," what would you do? I would fight my insurance company for discontinuing coverage of Celexa. I may do that in '04. 6. Is there anything you want to accomplish in 2004 that seems within reach? Living a healthier lifestyle. 7. Is your online personality very different from what it would be like if I were meeting you in "real life?" I am pretty reserved in person until I get to know a person. Then, I'm pretty much what you find here. Only funnier. And smarter. And prettier. And absolutely no ego! BONUS: What you gonna do when you get out of jail? urlLink 2Pac + Outlawz - High Speed Whatcha gonna do when you get outta jail? I'm gonna buy me a gun Then what's next? Food and sex, house parties in the projects We goin' all night Uh-huh, I did too know that song!

 I know I haven't talked much about Christmas. It wasn't that I didn't get any swell presents. And dinner at my house my house went swimmingly. Plus, I "got" my Godson with one of those small gifts wrapped in four larger boxes stunts. Yeah, I know I didn't feel so great, but that wasn't it either. This was: That's Gina. My Godmother. With Alzheimer's. I wish I had a really good "before" picture. So you could see how full of life and love her face was. How sparkly her eyes were. Filled with mischief and joy. Gina was my favorite Godmother (I had two). She always had cool things for me to do at her house. She always cooked something good. She always had a picture to show off. She was always ready to go somewhere and do something. She learned to drive when I was in elementary school. I was her first passenger. We went to Dairy Queen. I remember knowing it was a big deal. My mom and Gina have been friends over 50 years. You can see that connection is still there for her. But for how much longer? She knows that she knows me, loves me. But she doesn't know my name anymore. She is empty. Lost. The disease continues to slowly, painfully steal her from us. And it breaks my heart.

 It's that time. Can you urlLink summarize your 2003 in twenty words or less ? I'm working on it ...

 I just wanted to say thanks to everyone who made an amazon.com purchase via my site in the last few months. I earned a &#36;17.77 gift certificate, which I used to buy books (of course). Speaking of books, here's my list for 2003: 1. urlLink The Da Vinci Code 2. urlLink The Red Suit Diaries 3. urlLink Don't Know Much About History 4. urlLink The Lost Continent 5. urlLink Spin Cycle 6. urlLink Fat Fiction Anthology 7. urlLink Sheperds Abiding 8. urlLink 8 Minutes in the Morning 9. urlLink Woe Is I 10. urlLink Thinking for a Change 11. urlLink Girls' Poker Night 12. urlLink The Bad Beginning 13. urlLink Why Girls are Weird 14. urlLink Angels 15. urlLink Nerd in Shining Armor 16. urlLink Lucky Man 17. urlLink She Flew the Coop 18. urlLink True Confessions 19. urlLink Faking It 20. urlLink The Secret History 21. urlLink Harry 5 22. urlLink Harry 4 23. urlLink Lola Carlyle Reveals All 24. urlLink Every Breath You Take 25. urlLink Making Minty Malone 26. urlLink The 22 Immutable Laws of Marketing 27. urlLink Truly Madly Yours 28. urlLink see jane date 29. urlLink Apocalipstick 30. urlLink Morality for Beautiful Girls 31. urlLink See Jane Score 32. urlLink Tears of the Giraffe 33. urlLink The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency 34. urlLink Laws of Teamwork 35. urlLink Prozac Nation 36. urlLink Kick Me 37. urlLink Life Makeovers 38. urlLink The Life of Kate Reddy 39. urlLink Best American Travel Writing 40. urlLink Expressing Your Truth and Creativity 41. urlLink Writing Down the Bones 42. urlLink The Illustrated Alchemist 43. urlLink The Purpose-Driven Life 44. urlLink Take Time for Your Life 45. urlLink Life of Pi 46. urlLink The Weblog Handbook 47. urlLink The Nanny Diaries 48. urlLink In Her Shoes Favorite book of 2003: urlLink Why Girls are Weird Other favorite reads (in no particular order): urlLink Don't Know Much About History , urlLink Angels , urlLink The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency , urlLink Prozac Nation , urlLink The Illustrated Alchemist , urlLink Take Time for Your Life and urlLink In Her Shoes . New authors (to me) who have found a home on my bookshelf: urlLink Pamela Ribon , urlLink Rachel Gibson , urlLink Sue Margolis , ... and of course I still love urlLink Jennifer Weiner . I have spent approximately &#36;524.95 on books this year. So guess what one of my goals for 2004 is? Yes, to not spend that kind of money on books. My goal is to use the library instead. So, for my reading list next year, I am going to include the following symbols so you can help keep me on track: (l) = library (b) = borrowed (g) = gift (&#36;) = bought Last year I set a goal to read 35 books. I'm on 48 (which could very well rank among my favorites this year). I'm not going to set a numeric goal this year. Just a library goal. First on tap for 2004 are the gift certificate books: urlLink The Idiot Girls' Action-Adventure Club: True Tales from a Magnificent and Clumsy Life and urlLink Autobiography of a Fat Bride True Tales of a Pretend Adulthood . Although I suppose there will be some reading to urlLink The Good Carb Cookbook: Secrets of Eating Low on the Glycemic Index .

 So I went to work today. I knew I looked and sounded an little puny. But as the day progressed I got more, "Have you been to the doctor?" questions. No, it's just allergies, I'd say. "Sounds like bronchitis," they would say back. Finally around 2-ish, I found a small group of them talking about how awful I sounded. Ok, Ok, I'll call right now. So I get a "come right now" appointment. I tell the nurse the story. My co-workers made me come. Then the doctor. Really, it's just cedar. And guess what? She concurred. "Yep, just allergies," she said. "But a little steroid shot will help you feel better." It took about five times of "We'll, I'd take the shot," before I got the hint and agreed to it. Ouchie.

 Here. I answered urlLink those questions .

 This time of year I am big about thinking of the coming year and looking for motivation and ideas. urlLink Having a plan can mean a healthier you in the new year has a nice list of 52 things to incorporate in your life in 2004. I was going to list 'em all here, but I figure you can go read 'em if you wanna.

 I saw urlLink these on Friday and decided I felt too sickly to really think about it. But the truth is, I really didn't want to think about it because I didn't think I'd have good answers. 1. What was your biggest accomplishment this year? In January I put together a list of goals (instead of resolutions) for 2003. I would say I finished 95% of them. I feel really good about seeing so many of the items through. The only two that still need work are losing weight and dating. 2. What was your biggest disappointment? I had my most favorite project "taken" from me as what I perceived a form of punishment. It hurt a lot. 3. What do you hope the New Year brings? A new job or renewed fulfillment in my current job, a healthier and thinner me, and to fall "mutually and sanely" in love. 4. Will you be making any New Year's resolutions? If yes, what will they be? Again, just goals, not resolutions. Im working on them. 5. What are your plans for New Year's Eve? I don't have any.

 From the urlLink Cheryl Richardson urlLink Life Makeover For The Year 2003 Year Review : Whether you spend time with others, or by yourself with a journal, the year end is a great time to step back and review your life. Create (or enhance) your own New Year's ritual by celebrating your accomplishments and the gifts you've been so fortunate to receive. To prepare, consider the following questions: Accomplishments: ~*~ How have you changed personally? Are you more independent, less tolerant of inappropriate behavior, or better able to care for your emotional or spiritual health? At first I thought, well I haven't really changed much this year. But, of course I have. And if I haven't, then I haven't really been doing it right, have I? One thing that has changed for me this year is follow-through. I have a tendency to start things and not finish them. In January I made of list of goals for the year and I really did do a good job of accomplishing them. I also started volunteering at the Children's Shelter and was able to work my way through the times I wanted to quit. I'm really proud of that. ~*~ How has your physical environment changed? Is your home a more soul-nurturing place to live? Did you get rid of clutter? Is your office a more productive and efficient place to work? I did get rid of clutter this year and took care of some household repairs. I know that I live in a space that can be tidied up in about an hour. ~*~ How have your relationships improved? Have you taken steps that allowed you to feel closer to certain loved ones? Were you able to set limits with draining people? Do you feel better about the people you surround yourself with on a regular basis? Hmmm. I must not have a lot of positive thoughts about 2003. I think "Relationships improved? Uh, no." But I do feel that my friendship with Sandy gets stronger each year. And the relationship I am building with her kids now will last a lifetime. ~*~ How have your finances improved? Did you save more, spend less, or reduce your debt? No. And that's a goal for 2004. ~*~ How has your physical health improved? Have you added more exercise to your life, lost weight, or improved your diet? No. Another goal for 2004. ~*~ How has your work life changed? Were you able to set better boundaries around your personal time, ask for a raise, or find a new job better suited to your needs? Yes, work has changed and not really for the better. I stay here because it is safe and familiar. I got the worst raise in my history of raises and feel like my boss will never really like me. Gratitude : ~*~ Who do you feel grateful for? Is there a new friend in your life? Did you receive support from a stranger? Who encouraged you to follow a dream? I am grateful for my friends. They bring so much to my life and I am thankful for that. ~*~ What do you feel grateful for? Are you enjoying good health, a nourishing marriage, or more space in your schedule? I am grateful for my relationship with my mother. And trust me, its not always been that way. I am grateful for my house. I am grateful that I can pay my bills. I'm grateful for a dependable car. ~*~ What new changes occurred over the last year that made you feel better about your life? Who or what were involved in those changes? You know what? I dont feel as hopeful or happy about life as I did this time last year. I've just begun to think in the last few days that maybe this antidepressant really isn't doing it for me. ~*~ What challenges were you faced with that, although painful at the time, made you stronger or allowed you to express more of who you really are? Those were last year. Thank goodness.

 A kind friend sent me a lovely amazon gift certificate, so I bought myself a urlLink Tanita BF679 Duo Scale Plus Body Fat Monitor (scary, I know!) and a subscription to Prevention magazine. I have good friends.

 I'm thinking that I'm feeling better and then I cough. Oh, yeah. I really love the Lipton Spiced Chai tea I bought in a sample pack. Tastee.

 I'm wondering how one small sinus cavity can generate so much snot.

 I just watched urlLink White Oleander on HBO. Such amazing performances from four very strong women. Although that urlLink Ray wasn't hard to look at and it was good to see urlLink Patrick Fugit again. I thought he was perfect in urlLink Almost Famous . I've read the paper. I've blogged. I've surfed. I've eaten cookies. I'm bored. But I need to stay home and rest. Bummer. I finished The Red Suit Diaries last night. It is a sweet and easy read. Sometime today, I will start The Da Vinci Code . I guess I could do dishes, but I'm not gonna.

 How very funny!!! Sample haiku's: See smiling Buddha. Popular, happy, and fat. Pass the Krispy Kremes. Slivers of raw fish laid out on a wooden plank. You call this dinner? Providing comfort since the dawn of high-fat food The humble muumuu. We shall overcome. If we don't, there are always elastic waistbands. Chocolate passes too quickly over the tongue, preferring the hips. Pears are so lovely, round, and succulent. No harm in looking like one.

 Whee! Kate has a new home! Check her out: urlLink www.katespot.com !

 Well, I've taken to carrying around a box of tissue with me. I'm starting to think it started as urlLink cedar , but is now morphing into something else. Dammit.

 urlLink What have you learned in 2003? Courtesy urlLink Andrea and her wonderful readers/commentors.

 I am reading The Red Suit Diaries: A Real-Life Santa on Hopes, Dreams, and Childlike Faith , on loan from Sandy. It's a perfect Christmas book. And I bought today what will probably be the last read of the year: The Da Vinci Code (book &#35;50 for 2003!).

 Snuffle. Cough. Sneeze. Hack. I'm a pretty girl, I am.

 Stoopid urlLink cedar . It's kicking me in the ass.

 Is it bad to hide in the kitchen and drink wine while your guests are in the living room?

 Merry Christmas y'all!!

 I finished Don't Know Much About History last night. I really enjoyed it. As an adult I've come to realize I really don't know much about history. And going to DC only reinforced that. As I read each night I would make that hmpfh noise. The I didn't know that noise. I learned something every time I picked up the book (just don't ask me what now!). History books certainly whitewashed American history and our place in the world. It was an easy read and if you're interested in history, I recommend it.

 Hmmmm. This may be my problem. Here's today's reading for urlLink cedar : And it's not looking good for me in the urlLink coming days .

 Merry Christmas Eve Day! I don't know why, but I am up early again this morning (I get ready for work before coming online). I did go to bed early last night because I think I'm fighting the whatever, which could be a very, very bad thing since Christmas is at my house and one of my guests is on chemo. We have to go to work for just a short while. Like maybe until 10 or 11 a.m., then I have a list of errands to run. The grocery store for the freshest veggies, the BowMeow bakery to pick-up goodies for the neighbors dog and to a restaurant for everyone's favorite creamed corn. Then tonight mom and I are meeting Linda, Kristy and Kelly for dinner and a movie, urlLink Love Actually .

 An e-mail from my mom: Why men are just happier people What do you expect from such simple creatures!? Your last name stays put. The garage is all yours. Wedding plans take care of themselves. Chocolate is just another snack. You can be president. You can wear a white T-shirt to a water park. You can wear NO T-shirt to a water park. Car mechanics tell you the truth. The world is your urinal. You never have to drive to another gas station because this one's just too icky. You don't have to stop and think of which way to turn a nut on a bolt. Same work, more pay. Wrinkles add character. Wedding dress - $5000; tux rental - $100. People never stare at your chest when you're talking to them. The occasional well-rendered belch is practically expected. New shoes don't cut, blister, or mangle your feet. One mood, ALL the time. Phone conversations are over in 30 seconds flat. You know stuff about tanks. A five-day vacation requires only one suitcase. You can open all your own jars. You get extra credit for the slightest act of thoughtfulness. If someone forgets to invite you, he or she can still be your friend. Your underwear is $8.95 for a three-pack. Three pairs of shoes are more than enough. You almost never have strap problems in public. You are unable to see wrinkles in your clothes. The same hairstyle lasts for years, maybe decades. You only have to shave your face and neck. You can play with toys all your life. Your belly usually hides your big hips. One wallet and one pair of shoes, one color, all seasons. You can wear shorts no matter how your legs look. You can "do" your nails with a pocketknife. You have freedom of choice concerning growing a mustache. You can do Christmas shopping for 25 relatives, on December 24, in 45 minutes. No wonder men are happier!

