 By the way, the name of this Blog, "Solid Mud Wannabe," um, ya. I'm not sure how long it is going to take for me to get Solid Mud published. So, I'll go ahead and put in a little exerpt to hold you over and give you an idea of what will be coming soon. Enjoy: AUTUMN IN ALASKA Super Turtle, Eddie, Double O, and I drove to the edge of Anchorage where the sun rotated around the sky and shone behind us. The sun lit the Chugach Mountains in a perfect, cloudless way. Being late October, most of the leaves had fallen out of their trees by then. Snow was clinging to ground further and further down the mountainside each day the autumn progressed towards winter. The dead oranges were amazing. The fresh white of the descending termination dust was telltale of coming winter. Further down the Seward Highway, looking out the window of the back seat, I could see that Cook Inlet’s tide was coming in at full force. “Just checking up on you,” I said quietly to the tide. We took a break from the road at Beluga Point, that miniature headland, that enormously meaningful set of rocks that had endeared themselves so much in so many ways to my three friends and myself. The four of us climbed the rock formations up above the mud flats below. A sign read: Dangerous water and mud flats. Naturally, we got down as close to the rushing water as we could! I'll never get over the way the white water tide roller-coasters its way up and down as if gravity falls asleep once in awhile. It’s almost as if the inlet, that hidden part of the Pacific Ocean, chooses to behave like the Colorado River while Mommy’s back is turned. Just amazing! We had fun with the pockets of mud that had been trapped on the rocks above the water line after the last tide had gone down. At first touch, the surface was solid, dry and clumpy, but when shaken up, it turned into slimy and gritty custard. (The kind you would never serve your children on New Years Eve.) We stood firmly on top and initiated earthquakes with shaking feet. Our feet were then firmly embraced in a distinctively sticky surface tension which covered the soupy-flavored mud underneath. When I tried to lift my feet free from the ‘solid mud grip’, I felt dislocation knocking at the joints of my knees. A moment later: POP! my shoes came out clean…leaving behind only tread formations. That littoral mud is comprised of salt water, dead animals, and volcanic ash. Salt water doesn't freeze at the same temperature as fresh water does and it was below freezing for the rest of the world. Our hands quickly became numb playing with the hard slime, but we simply couldn’t resist the solid mud. We moved on down the road bound for Girdwood but didn’t get far. We stopped 200 feet down the highway, got out of the car again, and walked up to a new trail that had been opened up above the Inlet. The trail occupied land that the old Seward Highway used to claim. Facing the Turnagain Arm of the Cook Inlet atop an oceanfront cliff, we commented once again on the forcefulness of the incoming tide that was coming back to reclaim the mud it left behind six hours earlier. The mud flats on the other side of the New Seward Highway slowly disappeared under the twelve-hour high tide with a liveliness we likened to a toddler’s meddlesome ambition. “The tide is like a little kid; gets into everything,” I told everyone. We left the new trail, returned to Eddie’s truck, and finally found Girdwood, AlAskA. In accordance with reverent tradition, we all found a bottle of our special soda and an ice cream snack of some fashion or another. We stood outside a store just a stone’s throw away from the highway. “You know guys, we’re lucky to see AlAskA like this.” “There’s no telling what it will look like in fifty years.” “Imagine, when our grandparents were born, the land we’re standing on now was Russia.” “All that construction, the dynamite, the flaggers in the construction zones. It all happens so fast.” “Ya, but those flaggers are cute.” “Hard to be mad at traffic delays when it’s a beautiful girl waving at you.” “True, but still, it’s too fast. That’s what I think.” “Keep AlAskA like it was.” “Here here!” “Cheers, guys.” After enjoying our rituals at Girdwood, we drove to a mountain access road at the edge of Anchorage. We drove up to the parking lot below Flat Top Mountain and played in freshly fallen snow. It was cold on the mountain, but the early sunset we were lucky enough to enjoy made every inch of frost bitten skin worth it. The sky above us was clear, but when the sun hit the stratosphere-level clouds on the horizon, light was cast in the entire yellow-red spectrum all about us. It was impossible to imagine that the power of our sky could not travel the world over. We stood high above everyone in Anchorage, watching the sun set over the city’s populous. We were satisfied to live without them that night.

 The Post Office closes here at 4:30 and there is no 24 hour PO in town. That's one thing I miss about Anchorage. The 24 hour post office was hoppin' at all hours. I went there once at 2 a.m. and they were having a party! Tonight I'm going to watch "Killer Clowns From Outerspace." Tomorrow I am going to watch the new "Texas Chainsaw Massacre." Panama City is going insane...a guy down here drove around town running over as many people as he could. Then he ran over a cop. It's unfortunate that the average time spent in prison for murder in the USA is 7 years. Another pointless fact of the day: Roy Allen and Frank Wright started A&W root beer to honor the returning solgiers from WW1. They set up their first root beer stand in Lodi, California (like the CCR song "Oh Lord, stuck in Lodi again."

 How are you? I am fine, save your pennies for a bottle of wine. This is a letter to you. This is at least #3. One more letter and YOU owe ME.

 In the early part of the week, Monday and Tuesday, I was at the hospital on and off both days...all day. I have been medically cleared of all probable heart conditions!!!! Clean bill of health, baby! My heart has been officially diagnosed as having "Excellent Tolorence." That is outstanding news and I have been soooooo relieved, that I have been hitting the gym VERY hard with my only friend in Florida, Tim-Timmy. Every single muscle group in my body is sore or depleted. I just got back from the gym tonight. We worked out our back using a variety of 7 excersises. I must have told Tim I hated him at least a dozen times. The hardest was in the racquet ball court where we crawled back and forth without our legs, another few times back and forth with our legs (bear crawls), and then we did one of those Army Training excersises where you stand, jump down, throw your legs out behind you, jump them back, stand up, recover and repeat. We did that thirty times at the very end of the day and I hated Tim Timmy. Now, I'm super tired. My hands are killing me from these last several days of working out...we have hit EVERY major muscle group in 3 days. On Monday we're starting a grueling six week program, the likes of which I have never taken part. I'll be eating 4 eggs every morning, two large sweet potatos a day, a can of spinich a day, 8 ounces of cottage cheese a day, two cups of oatmeal a day, a turkey breast sandwhich on wheat bread (mustard is the only allowed condement), a chicken breast sanwhich on white bread (aslo only mustard), several vitimins, 64 - 96 oz of water a day, and as much natural juice as we can choke down. This will be for six weeks. Plus, durring the work outs we'll be drinking these foul (but all natural) muscle recovery shakes. We'll be mixing every excersise known to man, 2 hours a day for 6 days a week. Sunday will be our day of rest. We chose Sunday so we could relax and watch football. But we still have to stick to the diet. What are the benifits you ask? Well, Tim Timmy has done this three times before, once per year. And it's time once again for the yearly killer. The literature he gave me says that since this my first time on the program, that if I stick to the work out, don't cheat, and don't miss more than three days in the six weeks, I'll add 2 inches to my arms, three to six inches on my chest, 40 pounds to my max bench press weight, shave 3 inches off my waist. Oh ya, also, once a week, we have to do one 45 minute aerobic session. The other three will be 20 - 30 minutes. I guess what I started telling you, is that all this week, I've been at the gym, or on the track all afternoon and into the night...and this shall continue for the next six weeks starting on November 1st. The up-side is that I'll be able to take ONE full week off at the end. Double O is trying, as I type, to get onto this thing. We're getting closer at least. Mungo Halloween Eve

 If you just think of stalkers as fans then you can act like a movie star! Yeah, do that and life is good. So, I just went around the house setting all the clocks back an hour. Now I am way too tired for it to only be 2030! Man, I am going to be waking up early tomorrow. Speaking of early...I was up early this morning to wash the trailer and get it cleaned up for the trip. I even washed the roof. Man, it was dusty as hell from sitting at Nellis in the dirt. We leave two vents on the roof open to let the heat out and all that dust got inside as well. Luckily Beck cleaned the inside while I was doing the outside. Glad it's done and it looks good. I went to lift up the bed (lifts like a hood on a car with storage under it) and found the frame all cracked and messed up. The bed wasn't usable! When we had it in the shop to fix some stuff this past Thur they must have messed it up. Bastards. I called them and told them about leaving on Tue for a trip. They told me to bring it in on Mon and they would put it at the front of the line to get fixed. I thought that was nice of them since they are the ones the messed the damn thing up in the first place. Well, I got to looking at the damage and thought to myself, "I could fix it my damn self and save me the grief of taking it across town!" Went to Home Depot and bought some wood, screws and brackets. Got home and took the bed apart and put it all back together again. Beck helped a bit so it only took about an hour or so and $7. Good for me and it is stonger than it was originally! So, is 007 going to get on here? Is Mungo going to post...he is always full of strange musings. See Ya ST

 I remember this incident... mike and his stalker. then he dated other fucked up chicks then finally found a good one. i had one in high school... crazy chick too... kinda fuzzy on the details but it all started at a summer job. it started with flirting... then she started to get too interested and didnt leave me the fuck alone. she was queen for about an hour, after that shit got sour. in the end she fucking hates me. but she left me alone. i am ready to go to dinny land... it will be cool as hell. I am also looking forward to goin to the Reno air races with the bros. that will be sweet because it will be all the bro's together. by the way, WHERE THE FUCK IS DOUBLE O???? later eddie

 Mungo and Eddie showed up and we had a good conversation. Mugo has a stalker. Good for him. It is nice to have fans. I had a crazy girlfriend once. Name was Hedi. Nutty girl. Ended up yelling at her on the phone at 3am to stop calling me...just ask 007 since he was my roomie at the time. It all ended with her showing up to my door the day before she PCS'd wearing only a trench coat and lacy, see through undies. She had a bottle of wine with her as well. As she was standing in the hall way of my dorm she opened her trench coat and flashed me while saying, "Let's have sex one last time before I go!" I slammed the door in her face. Even after all that she still emailed me from Greece wanting to get together and crap. Finally, when I told her that I got married she stopped emailing. So you see, fans are good and fun! Neat stories later! Good night. ST

 Mungo checking in as fragged.

 I heard myself and the test is now complete.... wher are the other 2 dingleberries anyway???

 Here I am on Thursday night at 9 central and 007 has said he can't make it this week because he is going out. That's cool, I don't blame him at all. So, now I am sitting here online and neither of the other two yahoos have gotten online (no pun intended with the yahoo thing). Maybe I will just sit here and chill out alone...all alone. I may even cry a little. I just bought two of those walkie talkie jobbies that have a range of up to 5 miles. I have used the 2 mile ones plenty of times but since I will be heading to Disneyland next week I wanted some that were a little smaller and more powerful than my old ones. The thing with the 5 miles ones is that a person is supposed to get a FCC license and a "station" name to use the long range channels. There are 7 regular "no license" channles and the other 15 channels are the 5 milers. I wonder if I will be arrested for using the long range ones with no license? Hmm..... Hope I don't meet Bubba face to face or have to sell the house to pay the fines! Ouch.

 Well, today I have decided to try out this blogger thing. Maybe my closest friends will join me in my new adventure. I think with all of us on here it would be quite fun and entertaining! Come on guys, try it out. ST

 I hope you all had a great Thanksgiving. We did. Details are boring but just know that it was a great time. Our trip to Salt Lake was a fun time and brought back memories of AK. We watched the AK and Mountain Biking DVD's when we got home. Okay, so we watched the highlights. My keyboard is telling me that it is tired of me hitting it so I must go and let it rest now. ST-out

 So Mike and I got back from Salt Lake City area last night at around 2300. We went there on a whim on Friday morning and came back the next night for no apparent reason. So, I got to do a ROAD TRIP one more time with a bro before I leave. We almost left Turkey day night, but decided we would get there too late so left around 0530 the next morning. It was fun, but at the same time a fiasco. We did have one thing that I wanted to do and we actually did it, Look at appartments. I found some nice ones around the base and I will have to make a decision of how I will want to live. Plenty of money or a nice place. Of course this adventure to look at appartments came at the expense of missing a 5 year olds B-Day party. Totally not our fault though. And we did stop by beforehand and wished her a happy B-Day. Overall... Good ROAD TRIP. we had Jones Energy Drink. It tasted slightly different than the other energy drinks only because every energy drink tastes the same with a slight difference in each. We tested a few on this trip and Monster was the winner for taste and pep. Sorry bro's, Jones can't hold a candle to this one. Besides, it is not like Jones Soda in flavor or smoothness. Dueces Eddie

 I recorded FIVE whole songs today. They are as follows: "Landslide" "My New Song When It's 35.5 Degrees Outside" "Messing Up and Rambling Drunk" "Autumn" "Autumn II" --Autumn is a girl I chat with on line. I recorded those two songs singing the words we typed in the chat room with each other. Those songs are really stupid and really funny for me. That's all I had to say for now. Peace and Lub, Mungo Song of the day: Enigma - "The Eyes of Truth"

 I have, yes, I have a big job ahead of me. It is cleaning my apartment. I have been drawing up design schematics and other associated outlines on what form this cleaning will take. Will it be "clean as I wander" (slowest, easiest)? Will it be "centalized cleaning" (single tidal wave pushing everything into one place)? Will it be "group and sort" (very tedious)? Who knows, but something must be done, and with me on the computer, I am conserned that I am wasting valuable time. It is 2 p.m. on Saturday. I do not have to work again until 10 p.m. on Monday. This ought to give me plenty of time right? Sure. I've been off of work for 2.5 days already and I still haven't done a lick. I had a conversation about notebooks with Hillary. It was three or four days ago. I told her I bought 5 stripety notebooks for my new book, "Highway 9." Sounds reasonable, right? Now, you'll will all have to forgive her for the question she asked, she doesn't know me as well as ya'll do. You would never ask me this question. She asked, "Erik, what happens if you run out of matching stripety notebooks?" AH! I freaked. I covered my head in a blanket and excused myself from the phone for a minute. I had to hide. Today I went back to the store in hopes they had more notebooks of the same kind. They did! Relief. I bought 5 more. Do any of you think I'll need more than 10 notebooks? Two hundred pages each. Times 10 = 2,000 pages. I should be okay now. My friend, Timmy, just left for San Antonio. We ate at Waffle House before he left. Our waitress had bubba teeth. Nu clear Something, Mungo Song of the day: "The Eyes of Truth"

 I ate too much. ST- fat ass out

 Twas the day before Thanksgiving All through the house people were stiring Actually, they are running around like turkeys with their heads cut off! It's mayhem and chaos! Save me. Fine, so it isn't that way yet but it surely will be soon. You guys have a great Thanksgiving! Take a moment to remember all the soldiers that have to spend the holidays away from thier families and friends. Mike

 Where the hell is OO's Blog. We were talking to him and he said that he had posted one. OO Get with it or learn how to actually publish the blog. Start Reading Fast for the rest of my blog And now I am gonig to try and see if poelpe can undretsnad waht I am wrtinig wehn I msisseplel msot of the wodrs in my setnecne. Paece Out Eddie

 I have new things: 3 books, a robot doggy, a mix CD from Hillary, a feather pen, a Snow City Cafe teeshirt, a yoga video, a blue white and yellow stripped beanie, a FEDex rain suit, a renewed interest in the forst service, a disposable camera for my car, a blue man group sticker, more pop-ups than ever before, two new photo albums, longer hair, an elephant lamp, a little doodle I made with a caption that says: "one day, even the giant fin will walk", and one very big mess of everything old mixing with everything new. Tonight I talked to my friend, Chris Klatt, for the first time in five months or so. He has been moving around a lot lately. It made me happy to talk at him again after so long. 9 months and 5 days until I am free. No Alarms, Mungo Song of the day: The Magnetic Fields "The Dreaming Moon" (songs of the day come from the songs I end up hearing several times on the day I enter my Blog. Simple as that. I include them in hopes someone out there is building a CD of these wonderful songs to listen to in order to remind them on the Blogger Days....Blogger days being more blogger than others.)

 I have a Twins hat too. My dad bought it for me a while ago... I switch between that one and a Dallas Stars hat (use to be MN Northstars) I am going to get a cool Cowboys hat when I go to Korea... Actually I will be getting quite a few dif team hats of prior mentioning in Korea with a leather jacket to go with each. I don't know if I have to pay child support on the 1st or not yet. Depends on when the judge puts his Herbie Hancock on the papers and what he determines. No biggy either way, Just ready for it to be final. I love my old hat Eddie Song of the day: STYX - "Lorelei"

 The San Diego Chargers lick MY ass. Speaking of ole SD, Shawndra called me from there to fill me on this stupid additional duty we share at work. She's on vacation so I'm doing it now. I'm jealous of her. I wish I was there. I can't wait to leave Florida for the last time in my life. When I leave at the end of next summer, I have every intention of never returning for a single minute of my life. Florida licks my ass. Hokay, I'm going to read until 4 a.m. That gives me four hours before I go to sleep. But first, I have to take my garbage out. It smells like the summer of 1997. I love my new hat, Mungo Song of the day: Neutral Milk Hotel - "Two Headed Boy"

 The Denver Broncos lick my ass. Oh well. Yes, I guess you are right about the CO river. It IS the bomb and doesn't need to rest. ST says: "I don't want to work tomorrow!"

 I wrote a new song last night, it's called The Mancala Song for now. I recorded it before I went to couch, played along on my untuned guitar without practicing the chords or the melody of the lyrics before I started. I might work on it again, fine tune, re-do, enhance, quicken, condense, and master the song at another time...but I have a feeling no future attempts will sound any better than the impromtu first recording. I've been taking a lot of poloroid pictures of myself. I'm gaining quite a little stack! The Colorado River is the bomb, son! She don't need no rest! What you thinkin? Hokay, so, I'm going to get back to the task at hand. That is rearranging my apartment. Well, I call it rearranging. Other people might call it cleaning...but when MUNGO makes a mess, it looks like a decor! Time to rearrange the decor. I have a MN Twins hat now, Mungo Song of the day: Elliot Smith - "Speed Trials"

 We packed up the Focus and pointed it down the road. The road took us to the little city of Laughin, NV. The Colorado river was still flowing there after all these years as well. I wonder if it ever gets tired and needs to rest? We ate lunch and a Buffet and said Hi to Beck's parents. It was time to tell the Focus to take us home. "Home Focus! Home!" We are home now. Good Focus. The wind is blowing and it is cold. Nice night for a fire in Las Vegas town. ST rolling up the carpet and going inside.

 Today was a wonderful wonderful day in the world of Mungo. So simple. First, I bought some old man clothes. Courdoroy pants, a green sweater, and one of those "Old Irish Guys' Hats." Then, Tim and I took a couch out to the edge of a bay and left it there. We will return later to sit there by the water and take pictures of us sitting there. It will be the perfect place to take Hillary when she gets here. On an even more interesting note, I turn 9,000 days old on December 15th, 2003. All Over Again, Mungo Song of the day, Mellowdrone - "Ride Along"

 Yes, I am still alive and living in LV. Just got back from a friends that ST thinks I am having a "relationship" with. Not the case. It was my 1st shirt from when I was TDY for NOBLE EAGLE. Besides that, not much going on, just the typical ST and Eddie hangin out... which would cause most people to worry anyway. I have not even pissed Beck off yet, even with the vulgar language and racial slurs that occasionally pop out of my mouth. It is kick ass hanging with the bro though. I bought this Atari thing for the TV today. It was about $19 and it is so kick ass. It has ten games on it from the original atari and is all in the joystick (which is actually like the old atari joysticks.) Ahh... the good old days... now I need to find one for the Intelevision. There was an old cops and robbers game that I always used to play that I miss. Oh, If I were a caveman, I would be dead right now and mike would have died 5 years ago and Mungo is fixin to die. I think double O would be dead too, because I think he is 25, but he is never on this site so it doesnt fucking matter. Well, Thats all I have to say about that. Dueces, Eddie

 ...cavemen didn't have to pull Urinalysis Observer. Cavemen didn't have to worry about fixing the bumper on their cars. Cavemen didn't have to write LORs on their troops when they decide to punch the keyboards on their computer. Cavemen had none of these worries. So what if they had to kill their own food. So what if they only lived for 25 years. So what? So I have my new phone now. I've already gotten two messages and three other phone calls! I'm SOOOO popular. hokay-so-I have been pooping a lot lately and not feeling so good, so, I'm going to use my bathroom for what it was intended for (no, not meat gazing) and then I'm heafing to bed. [i just realized i used the word 'heafing.' i think i made that one up. not sure how...or why...but there you have it] Heafing, Mungo Song of the day: The Notwist - "Consequence"

 Yes, I can now say that Eddie is in the house. Literally. Nevermind that his ass got lost two blocks away from my house. At any rate, he is here. That is all.

 Flew from Vegas to Billings, MT. Talk about crappy town. Well, that is the impression that I got for the whole 30 min I was there. I took a cab got the little Ford Focus and hit the damn road. Car was REALLY dirty! I mean bad dirty! Oh well. I cleaned the windows so I could see out of them and took off. My adventure was supposed to take me right through the heart of Yellowstone National Park but unfortunately that didn't happen. I took the turn off for Yellerstone and drove 52 miles down a road only to find that the park was closed! They are letting the snow pack build up on the road for winter use! U-turn and another 52 miles back to the main highway! CRAP! Then I had to take the round about way and when all was said and done that detour added about 2 hours or more to my trip. Oh well, it was still fun. I stopped in Provo, UT (near Salt Lake) and stayed with Aimee (Beck's niece) for the night. I got back on the road early the next morning and was home by 1300 (that includes getting the car washed). Almost 1200 miles in less that 24 hours solo. That includes the sleep stop. It was a fun trip and the little Focus and I got to bond a little. I did miss Beck and Ashlee though. Eddie and I may end up driving to L.A. to go to Knotts Berry Farm for a day. We shall see how things work out. The admission is free for Military so it would be a shame to waste that! Talk to you fools later. ST-out

 I worked yesterday and did an overnight last night. Just got home and I am now off the rest of the week. Nice. Edwardo should be rolling in sometime tonight. Hopefully the weather isn't bad and his drive is easy. Loving the pics that Mungo Slade made up with the Jedi stuff. Very funny.

 I just finished my custody agreement paperwork and sent it to my paralegal. Yes, I broke down and hired someone because the shit was too hard to figure out between me and miranda. Too much law bullshit. I can handle street laws, but not divorce laws. too much wierd shit. Anyway, the paralegal cost me $400 and then I have a $118 filing fee and then another $40 fee for me not being there when the gavel drops. So why is divorce so expensive you ask???? i will answer that as my last line before the peace out stuff. The good news is that i talked to a lawyer and since it is uncontested, he refferred me to the paralegal which HE said would charge less than he could. I was amazed... a lawyer not trying to fuck me up the ass. I want to eat some sushi. I will have sushi when I go to vegas wether ST knows he is coming with me or not. I am excited to leave but at the same time bummed to all hell. I went to go get pics with Lorelei today, but that was not happening. She was cranky as hell and not wanting to cooperate. Could have something to do with the fact that we had to sit in the studio for a fucking hour because they were running "a little behind". Fuckers. Ah well, trying again tommorow. Because its worth it!!!! Peace my brothers Eddie

 No one is on Yahoo to chat the night away. I guess everyone is busy. Well, that's fine because I am busy too and didn't want to talk to anyone! HA, so there! Have you seen the Paris Hilton sex tape yet? If you don't know what I am talking about then you need to find out. See ya. Once again...My life. ST

 Dude, I edited out your phone number. Do you really want to post it where anyone can see it? If you do then feel free to post it again. The number I posted on here for me was just from an 80's song. 867-5309 I emailed everyone my real cell phone number. Just looking out for Mungo Slade and his posse.

 I just got back from the gym. My left arm dropped on the third excersise, long before my right arm would have given in. Tim suggested pitching southpaw more often. Do any of you remember Kevin Swaidek? He's coming to Tyndall in April. I'm his sponcer. I got a new phone! Well, the phone is an old one. I bought an old lady's BIG NUMBER phone in AK and never used it. I got a home line and chose my old lady phone (out of the three working phones I have) to plug into the wall. It works. To reach your mouth into my old lady, dail these numbers: 1-850-###-#### ... that ought to do it. I'll get a hair cut on January 8th. I'm gonna shave it bald...and then I'm not cutting the top again for years! And years! I'll keep the sides in regs until August 04. We're going hippie, baby! Mike, if you ate a jar of Vascilline...and then pooped it out, I'm guessing your butt would be ready for a lot of big men. Song of the day: The Postal Service "Random Song"

 007 actually posted something! Glad to hear that the van runs great on snow. It is front wheel drive, right? I miss AK. We had so much fun! I don't really miss all the darkness during the winter but it was worth it for all of the light in the summer. A yellow bus just drove down my street. Kids to and fro. ST-out

 it finally snowed here in alaska yesterday and today. we got about 6 inches which means its time to go kill myself at the ski slopes. the van runs great on the snow, but i miss my 4 wheel dirve. it definately makes a difference in the slick crap like it has been lately. talk to yall later. Double O

 Today was a postilicious kind of day. Everyone was posting up a storm (with the exeption of one). Maybe that "one" doesn't really like us! Maybe they are postaphobic? Hmmm...some deep issues here. About the Mud. Yes, I only want to work on it in spare time and that is why I think that maybe once a month is a good update interval until we see how it goes. Sound good? The other blog can be used for ideas and stuff just so we are on the same page and aren't trying to send emails to each other. I have the tickets to Montana and will be off on Sat and returning on Sun. Fun fun. If you want feel free to call me during my trip to say hi. My new cell number is (702) 867-5309. Okay, fine, the number is in the email that I sent everyone earlier today. Of course my phone will be turned off on the airplane since the FAA can get a little uptight about those kinds of things. You know how it is. Mungo...GET A HAIRCUT! I wonder what would happen if I ate a whole jar of Vaseline? ST-out

 So, dang. Today. Was a good day. I ran and missioned and councelled. So here's some stuff. -I showered and put on a tee-shirt...realizing I had forgotten to dry my back. -My hair is at my eyebrows. -I left my toothbrush at work on accident. I'd like to brushemmateeth, but I don't want to get dressed and drive to work, use my master key to get in, find my toothbrush in the dark, and have to drive all the way back with all that extra weight in my pockets. -I bought a book recently, "The Seven Pillars of Wisdom" by T.E. Lawrence. I can't wait to read it. Shoot, putting it off has already been a lot of fun, actually reading is sure to be something special. -Madison just skipped first grade. In spring, she might skip to third grade...that would put her to start fourth grade when the kids she was in kindy garden start second grade. She can beat her mommy at chess. -I bought some chocolate mints from a girl scout. I ate them all. Quickly. -You want me to write a poem? You got it! -You walk in slow motion/and burn in your fire/when your path of devotion/is a path of desire -I am proud of reaching my short term goal: Running the 1.5 mile in 11:45 -My long term goal: Running the 1.5 mile fast enough to melt my sneakers -I smell something. And it's so bad I might clean it up. Song of the day: Grandaddy, "AM 180" (You've heard it if you've seen "28 Days Later.") Peace and Plastic Forks, Mungo

 2.....1,2,3,4! I'm kind of an idiot. I went to that link, downloaded something, and after installing it and running it...just a square blank white window opened up and sorta just sat there. Now, like I just said, I'm kind of an idiot. So I don't know if that means it's running properly or if it's not running at all. "Spybot Search and Destroy" is the dealyo I got. I think. I'm so hungry I could eat my fist and swallow my arm with it...slurp my arm like a noodle. *slurping noise* The Double Duece, Mungo

 Just a heads up. I sent an email about this awhile back but I thought that I would put a reminder here. Spybot is a program that searches your computer and detects all kinds of spyware and tracking software that is put on your system WITHOUT you knowing it. I have been running it for months now and I LOVE it. It is on all four of our computers. Mungo will be on here soon to sing the praises of Spybot since I just sent him the link to download it. He was having all kinds of problems with spyware. PLEASE at least try it! It really does help a TON! urlLink Spybot ST-out (of my mind)

 So, now I final out on the morning of the 18th, which is all good because that is about when I planned on gong to Vegas anyway. So, I am driving to Vegas as soon as I final out and say bye to my daughter if all goes well. That will put me in Vegas around 8 pm. Screw stoping in Salt Lake area. Just stopping there for gas. I will be there plenty in the upcomming years anyway. WOO HOO!!!!! I am almost competely done with MHAFB!!! As for getting windows shit on... How does that happen?? they almost have to be aiming to hit them. I could understand slanted windows or something like that. but we are talking about projection from ass with a slant angle... That just sucks. Dueces... Eddie

 Here is the sure fire way to get rain and bird shit in less than 24 hours! Yes, washing your car is a good way but it may not get you both rain AND bird shit and it may not happen within 24 hours. Okay, okay, here it is. Go to Home Depot and spend $50 on window washing stuff for your house. Next, borrow the biggest frigging extention ladder your neighbor has (about 50lbs). Then spend about 3-4 hours going around your house and washing every window by yourself and making them so clean you can't tell that glass is even there. Yep, that is the perfect way to have a bird shit on the highest, hardest to clean window you have and then to have it rain all over the damn things! This is my life. ST-out

 You’re bathing in some of the dirtiest water To wash away the dirtiest things you taught her Parts of your fingers are shoved down your throat To expel all the ugly that you’ve grown to know You lost your love letters in little gray boxes You lost all your best friends to other bad toxins Now you’re left sheltered, selfish, and bothered By all the lost kids you think you have fathered Four letter words describe your adult life And talk on the TV puts you in the spotlight The right things, the wrong things, they chase you and scatter For all of your life, you’d think they would matter

 Say hey to Ney for me, would ya? Sorry to hear that you won't be leaving when you expected. If I were you, I'd just quit. MUNGO ANSWERS QUESTIONS! I don't think I'll be making a hard back. The paper back will be out two months after I send everything to the publishers. The CD? They're all on my living room table. Only three people have theirs so far. I've been lazy addressing stuff. ST dosn't have them yet, no. The latest haps with Hillary: I talked to her on the phone for 4 hrs last night. We talked about damn near everything, like we always do. She's coming to Florida 18DEC03. Can't wait for that. Bubbles, how's the Buddah? I took my friend Jeremy to the airport this morning. He's headed out to war on this very Vetran's Day. Fitting, huh? I didn't like seeing him off like that. What else? "It's over, it's over, it's oooooooover! I know it's over."

 Well, it started off an OK day until I got told that I could not leave until the 24th of this month. Which really fucking sucks. At the very least I am going to try to leave on the preceding Friday so I can have some fucking time off. But the good news of this (kind of) my shop NCOIC (yes the position I held) said that I could just take that week off if I do have to stay... no leave... just free time off. Not a whole lot of other stuff going on, just ready to leave this hell hole. Mungo, when does the hardback come out and where the hell are our CD compilations that you were going to send? or does ST already have those? What is the latest haps with Hillary Bubbles, SHIT dude, write something. ST, sorry bro, but this place hates me and I have mutual feelings about it too. Oh, by the way, there was no mention of sexual harrassment from the party. This is a good thing. Later Bro's

 Yep, I will have to name this blog the Mungo and Super Turtle Show since we are the only ones that seem to post regularly. Well, I guess I shouldn't say much about Edwardo since all his shizo is on the way to big K and all he has is a laptop with no internet. Bubbles says that he just can't think of anything to say but he reads this everyday. Hmmmm....since when do you have to think of stuff to say? I just babble. Sort of like a shared diary (queer way to put it). It is already kind of cool to look back and read a couple of the posts from the start. Gives insight to how things are going on a regular basis with all of us. Okay, enough fag talk. ST......OUT!

 This Blog entry has nothing to do with decoys. I just thought that's be a fun thing to type in bold. I have finally narrowed down the 1,000s of pictures I have taken in the last several years to one of Beluga Point. I have made some enlargements, two of them, and I will give them to an Ausie named Daryll Foster to paint some stuff over top of the photo. The end result will be the cover for Solid Mud . Very exciting. Thank you, Mr. Turtle, for the good luck wishes with the new one. And good luck to you on your solo Focus trip. May the weather be void of freezing rain and snow! The New One: I dabbed at a little warm brain something and came up some very good pages. Last winter (and part of spring) I wrote a preliminary 251 pages (or so) and I am working off of those in five brand new notebooks. They are numbered: 1, 2, 3, 4, & 5. Easy peasy, yep 'n teasy. I started writing last January when 1,000,000 things were on my mind. Many of them worries about the desert. ST advised me that a night-time trip to the beach may be theriputic...and it sure was. That's where the book starts, on the Gulf of Mexico, sitting on the beach, writing the begining of my new book. Thanks for the advice, Mike. I liked it. FUNNY: I heard a guy say to a girl, "I am an artist. I paint people's chests with titty twisters."

 This weekend (15Nov) I am flying up to Billings, MT to get Beck's new company car for her. I will be flying up on Sat morning getting the car and driving home. I will stop Sat night in Provo, UT and finish up the last 6 hours of driving on Sun. I am excited about a solo road trippy. Good thinking time. Also, we are going to sell the Maxima ASAP. Selling the car will save us about $600 a month in payments, insurance and gas...not to mention any maint. Her company pays for EVERYTHING. Nice. It is a white Ford Focus. Let's all hope the weather is good and the car is in good shape so it doesn't break down. ST-out

 Thank you, thank you... I am glad that you guys liked the funny 007 pictures. Some thanks should go to Bubbles since he is the one that sent us that pic in the first place. I saw it and I knew that something had to be done with it. Good luck on your new book, Mungo. Also, let's all thank Mungo Slade for the new blog title and snippet. I like it.

 I re-begin work on my second book today. For now it's called Highway 9 , but who knows if I'll keep that one. I'm still debating on how I want to write it...either a straight forward story of what actually happened, or tell it from the point of view my "Warm Brain" felt it when the events origonally took place. If I choose the latter, it will be like recreating some things that weren't ever there. Imagination doesn't exist, and my imagination took the truth to some pretty weird places back in those days. 1997 - 1998...the winter months were slush. Slush on the road. Slush in my head. Wish me luck, ya'll. Mungo

 Hey Ya'll. This is MUNGO! Drinking wine! I've had two sips so far. I'm wasted. I just got back from the Florida Ironman Triathalon. I handed out water, gatorade, gatorade bars, coke, bananas, grapes, apples, oranges, and chicken broth. It was a blast. Shawndra was there. She made fun of me everytime I got near her, so I stopped going near her. Now I've had three sips of wine. Totally blottowed. I talked to Hillary for three more hours last night. What else? OH. The pictures of Double O... classically hillarious. I'll save those pictures forever. Nicely done, Mike. Double O: I DOUBLE DAWG DARE you to go into NAC looking like that! Mungo

 So bubbles has finally joined the blogger... GOOD... anyway. I am over at Kevins using his connection to do all of my e-mail and stuff. I am so ready to get out of here and go to Korea. I have 4 duty days left and it won't even be real work. Anyway, my squadron had a party last night... Operation DENY CHRISTMAS. It was fun, I got shitfaced and probably harrassed many a chick. I think I even remember grabbing one of my old troops ass. but she is hot anyway. Well, thats all for now. Later bros

 I just got back from seeing Scary Movie 3. The movie was funny as hell. To fully get all the parodies see the movies; Signs, The Ring, the second Matrix, and 8 Mile. There are other parodies but those are the biggest ones. I have to get up at 0330 on a Sat to go to work! I had better hit the sack. Say hi to Gay Ray by the bay who is sleeping on some hay all day and won't get up to play with Fay and Jay. ST-out

 I'm so happy! Double O and Hillary met for some beers and they really hit it off. It feels good for me to have that second opinion. But then again, Double O loves everyone...having that heart three sizes too large and all. But, I'm pretty sure it would be the same story if Mike or Eddie had met up with Hillary. She's coming here to visit me from 18Dec - 22Dec...then she goes to the Virgin Islands to visit her brother for Christmas (I decided not to go)...and then she's coming back for 10 more days. 29Dec - 7Jan. I'm very excited. But, as Eddie can attest to, there's not dick to do here in Panama City. I just hope we don't get bored. A good thing about her trip is that I will only have to take three days of leave to cover the 15 she's here. That's very nice. Working on an AETC base has it's privilages. "Yes you're heavy in my heart You're heavy in my hands You're heavy in my mouth Ya, you're heavy in my day You're heavy in my songs You're heavy in my light and you're all that I want" -Tegan and Sara

 Hey Bubbles. Remember to "publish" your blog when you are done so it updates the read page. Otherwise they won't get published until I publish it. Glad to see you on here. Solid Mud What would be the interest in trying to start up a www.solidmud.com site. Kind of like what Mungo used to email out but instead it would be a website. I can buy solidmud.com for 2 years and it will only cost about $20 total. Do you guys think we could come up with some content that would be interesting. Maybe people could send in stories or some funny pics that they have taken. I don't know why that popped into my head but it did and I thought that I would throw the idea out there and see what you all think. The main hurdle would be finding content to keep the site somewhat fresh. Another idea is that since we all live in different parts of the US of A that we could look up some funny news articles or events and post those or summaries of them. We could make the Solid Mud sort of like a news paper format or a news letter format that gets updated every week or two weeks (two would be a bit easier at first). Let me know what you guys think. Mungo especially since I don't want you do feel like I am stealing your idea. I just think it would be easier to put out keep up if maybe we all work together on it. Links to funny websites that we like or find is another idea. Chime in. ST out.

 Double Bubble is in the house. thanks for the invite yall. word up my niggas

 Blog Title Every once in awhile post what you would like to see the blog named and a little sentence to go with the title The title are the big letters and the sentence goes in the upper right corner where the archives are. This way we can change it up and I don't always make it up. Sound good? Good.

 Announcements -Double Bubbles has been reinvited. Hopefully he will get his ass on here soon. -I hope everyone is able to make it online this coming Thur night so we can chat and hang for a little while. That would be keen. -blah blah, blah blah blah...blah, blah blah blah blah!

 I feel like a rubber band! I just got back from doing a trial push-up, sit-up and 1.5 mile run. I suck. Enough said. Yes, Disney was a GREAT time! WOW! We timed it just right. There weren't very many people at the park and the weather was absolutely perfect. The Tue was a little smokey but by Wed the sky was clear and all the smoke blew into Vegas! HA! It rained just a bit which really helped with all the fires going on in CA. Speaking of fires...on the way down we saw heliochoppters dropping water on the fire close to the highway! Cool stuff. The fires were so close to the highway that the other direction was shut down...that is close. While at Disney and the day at the beach we took lots of pictures so the website will be updated soon. Okay, I hope all is well. I have to get going. I have to sort through the 200 pictures we took! Oh yeah, my damn garage door is broken so I have to try and fix that as well. Owning a home does have it's down side...REPAIRS are YOUR problem! See ya.

 So I am sitting here at 2:08 AM and trying to get my shit together for the "Big Move" and realizing that there is probably too much to do without enough time to do it. My laptop is open and running while I am on my desktop as well. I am installing stuff that I need on my LT while trying to get the bogey dope from my desktop, and figured it was a good time for a solid mud entry. Disney Land Rocked. It was awesome to hang with Mike for a week. I think that was the coolest thing about it. Who better to hang with then one of the bro's. Anyway, same old stuff going on here and I got a lot of work to get done PEACE!!

 My New Year has now gone by about 13 hours ago. It was a fun new year and now I have 4 days to kill before I have to go back to work. I think there were people taking pictures last night so if I get any good ones I will send them to you. Today will be a hermit day more than likely. I don't really want to leave the confines of my room other than to smoke. I do have to mop the stairs though since I am on bay orderly so I will get to that eventually. I also have to make sure that the place is not trashed. I did not get a phone call from ST this morning... and for that I think I am almost thankful. However my Grandma called and talked to me for a few minutes but she could tell that I was not all there so that was quick. Should auld acquaintance be forgot, And never brought to mind? urlLink http://www.tamoshanter.free-online.co.uk/Auldls.htm I never did understand that fucking song but this explains it. HNY, Eddie

 Happy 2004 Eddie. How is it there? I will try and call you Jan 1, 0800-0900 Big K time. By my clock it is Jan 1, 2004, 0022 right now. Too bad that Hillary got delayed. Better safe than sorry. I hope the Broncos make it to the Bowl. That would be cool. Too bad the Cowboys didn't make it. Sorry dude. Our trip home might be interesting. There are two routes...Utah or AZ. Both are predicting lots of snow. Crap. Oh well. My parents are leaving soon to go home. Sad ST. For our New Years here in CO we are not doing much of anything. Beck's parents get the local channels for the east coast so we are probably going to watch the ball drop in NY live then hit the sack here at 1030 or so. Maybe we will get crazy and stay up until midnight when the New Year washes over us like a tide from the east. Hope you have a great new year and I will be chatting at you guys soon. If anyone talks to 007 tell the crack head hey from me. See ya, ST

 So, guess what? I got to the airport in Orlando (364 miles away from home) and went to the Itallian Eatery they have set up there in the food court. I ordered and ate baked ziti and a slice of carrot cake. Then I busted out my notebooks and started writing sentances for Highway 9, my follow-up thriller to Solid Mud. I only wrote five sentaces when I heard: "Paging Erik Kershner, Paging Erik Kershner. Please pick up a Page Phone and dial zero for a message. Paging Erik Kershner...." So I wandered around until I found one of the so-called "Page Phones." I picked it up and dialed "0"...as instructed. Nothing happened. "What a load of pucky!" I said. There was still an hour until Hillary's flight was supposed to land, but I thought maybe she made an earlier one...you know, things change, right? So I went down to baggage claim to scout her out. No Hillary. Hmmm. Then I heard, "Paging Erik Kershner, paging Erik Kershner...." ALL OVER AGAIN! "SHEESH!" I exclaimed. So I found a different Page Phone and dialed "0" once again. But this time: HARK! A ringing... and a connection to an operator. We chatted and she asked, "Do you know a young lady named Hillary?" "I sure do, Ma'am!" I said. "She left you a message," she paused, "she left a number for you to call her, do you have anything to write with?" So and so and so and so, I called the number and a dude answered the phone, "¡Hola! Cangrejo Shack de Ben y lecciones que practican surf, discurso de Ben." I was stunned. "Hello, Senor," I said (thought that was a nice touch!) "My name is Erik Kershner. Hillary Seeland left a message to call this number." "Oh, hey, Erik, this is her brother." (weird wild stuff!) "Oh, hey Ben." "I'm guessing you haven't talked to Hillary yet." "No, I haven't. What's up?" "So you don't know anything yet, do you?" "No....." "There was a plane crash on St. Thomas. All flights out were cancelled. Hillary will be flying out tomorrow. She'll be taking a bus from Orlando to Panama City and will arrive there on the 1st at 6a.m." "Holy cow!" So I folded myself up, got back into my car, boggied on out of Orlando and on home. Made good time too. So...that was my adventure. How was your night, yall? Peace and Love, Erik PS...did I catch that right? Did Eddie say something about Mind, Body, and Spirit? That was good stuff, bro.

 No Porn, Pork or Alcohol... that is what I (Mungo as well) lived with while in the desert. However. the only thing that was hard to get a hold of was alcohol. and even at that... if you knew Brits, you were in there. My boys are out of the playoffs so Denver would be the one that I want to win. Fuck the Titans. (I am sure you can figure that out) That is too funny... killing a pig... he he he... guess that settles the pork issue... ask the owners of the dogs if they are having ham on New Years... he he he. As far as the porn.... who cares, he is not hurting anyone but his own fragile little mind. Even at that, the boy needs something in his life since he will probably be 30 before he gets some. (no offense) I miss the thunder storms in H-town. They were always good. Anyway... it is almost time for the new year and once again I will have no resolutions. They are fucking worthless and if you need a reason to quit or start something other than self-fulfillment it is not fucking worth it. No, I am not meaning that in a selfish way, I consider charity things to be self fulfillment... goes along with the mind, body, spirit thing. later peeps

 I have a lot to talk about, so I'll get to it. NFL: Yes, I watched The Green Bay Packers kill the Denver Broncos. Because Denver lost, that kept Minnesota out of the play offs. Well, the cardinals beat the Vikings with no time left on the clock, so the cardinals kept the Vikings out of the play offs. Well, the Vikings lost 7 of their last 10 games...maybe the VIKINGS kept the VIKINGS out of the playoffs. My Superbowl prediction is this: New England will win every game, including the big one, by more than 10 points. I think they'll do it easily. Now, that's the NFC side of the house. AFC is a different matter. My first choice of the AFC teams left to go to the super bowl is Tennessee Titans. They got the salt to make it. However, they're sort of flaky. The second strongest team, and lately, the most consistent team is the Denver Broncos. Last week doesn't really count though, as ST said, a lot of the second stringers were playing. Jarious Jackson was in for Jake Plummer...and then J.J. was replaced by some other QB that sucked just as much. Griffen took the load from Clinton Portis and did sensational, but then again...as Beck knows, the Broncos have always had a very strong back field. Shannon Sharp was also out, and that sent a lot more passes to the first string tight end (one of the only 1st stringer stars that played) Ed McCaffrey. Wait a minute. I'm a Chargers fan...I'm not supposed to know anything about the Broncos...let alone pick them to reach the super bowl... But they're only my 2nd AFC choice. I think they'll have to beat the Titans to do it, and that might prove challenging. Okay. Next subject. Pigs: When I was talking to Hillary and she heard the first of the screams, she freaked out. Bad. I didn't know what was happening. She just sounded suddenly afraid and was making little eeping sounds. I got a sick feeling in my stomach when I asked, "What's wrong, Hillary?" and she said, "They're killing him..." in a very weak scared voice. When I realized it was a pig I was very relieved. Girls...they know how to scare ya, don't they? Porn: I would just keep it to yourself. Didn't you look at that garbage when you were 15? Maybe not on the internet, but surely, you peeped it when ever you had a chance. I didn't, but I have sheltered myself from a lot in life, not just porn. Storms: Storms a-brewin' in Colorado, huh? Check it out check it out check it out check it out--Today was a beautiful day. No clouds in the sky, a very light breeze, 73 degrees. Just perfect, you know? While I was on the phone with my mother tonight, I began to hear a strange noise outside. I didn't really pay it no mind...and then I went out side. DOWNPOUR, baby!! Water water everywhere! I couldn't believe it. I had only been indoors for 30 minutes. When I had gone inside it was dark, but that's because it's night time. That's what happens at nighttime. I did not expect a monsoon! Nope nope nope nope nope! And then the thunder and lightning came. I was on top of the world. Warm rain, warm wind, bright flashes of lightning, and thunder that sounded like a bag of drums being dropped from 20,000 ft. Amazing. It was all lovely. I caught the news and they said that tomorrow it will be right back to where it was earlier today and will remain so for at least the next five days. And that is lovely news...and it carries me into my next topic. Road Trips: Tomorrow, at approx 1300, I will leave Callaway, FL and make my way to Orlando, FL for the third time in the last two weeks. It's a long drive, yas yes, yas, but- it's worth it. Hillary is coming back to me and that is marvelous. She said we were going to have Christmas together...and then later that day, we'd have New Years. She said it kinda sexy like-- and that's all I'm going to say about that. (Okay, I'll be really embarrassed if she reads this, somehow.) So, you didn't hear it from me....ya, that ought to cover me. Okay, I'm done now. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: R.E.M. - "Country Feedback" (live from ROAD MOVIE)

 Hillary rocks since she doesn't like Ashley T! Sweet. I am jelous that I don't have a wild pig being killed outside my window! Crap! I want dead pigs outside my window too! ST dreaming of dead pigs outside the window.

 Life is good. I am sick of almost passing out from just climbing the stairs! At 9,500 feet it doesn't take much to make me exhausted, literally. Everytime I walk up the stairs I just about fall over. I have been told that it can take a month to get used to it. Our Denver trip was a lot of fun. I got to see Mile High stadium and Coors Field. We also went to the Broncos training fields but no one was home exept the players cars. The players were getting their asses handed to them by the Packers in Green Bay. That's okay though since we are already in the playoffs. Almost no first string players were on the field because they need to be healthy for the playoff game against the Colts (we beat the Colts last time we played them). Today we just cruised around CO Springs and looked in some shops and crap like that. Mellow day. I don't know what is on tap for tomorrow but I am sure that I will enjoy it. We may pack up and come home a day or two early due to storms that are supposed to move in and dump snow in a few of the cities that we pass through on the way home. I will keep you updated. ST breathing hard (from the altitude!)

 My little 15 year old brother obviously does not know about the history function in Internet Explorer. I have checked out the history for the past week since we have been using my laptop for internet access. I found links to more porn sites than I can count. Well, at least it isn't gay porn..... Should I make fun of him? Nah. That could scar him and he might start looking at gay porn!

 urlLink Some Funny Sentences About Marriage

 You guys will like this. Last night, at midnight, Hillary called me from St. John Island. We were talking about funny answering machine messages and I told her that when I got home from Tim's last night there were three messages from Ashley Tatman. Hillary said, "Well, don't you think you should call her? It sounds like she needs to talk to you." So I told Hillary all about Ashley. All the BS, everything. Hillary said, "No...don't call her. I don't think I like her much. Don't call her." I said to her, "Hillary, Eddie and Mike will simply LOVE you." Also, while we were jawjacking, two chained up monster dogs killed a wild pig outside her window. The squeeling was insane. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: Pink Floyd - "Let There Be More light"

 Top Rock, Hydra, Backdraft, Scarab, Gangster, Demon, KMart, Bedrock, and whatever the one in Jordan was...that's 10 for Mungo. Not controlling, but, hey, who cares? Weapons SUCKS! JK. In the last four days, your beloved Mungo has consumed an entire GALLON of egg nog. Peace and Love, Mungo

 How about Houston?? There is a lot to do there. Dallas is nice too, but I don't know where anything is in Dallas, but if you went to Houston I could probably tell you what you are looking for. So here is something I have thought interesting... Top Rock, Hard Rock, Whetstone, Backdraft, Sideshow, Kremlin, Airedale, and Absolut. I have used all of these callsigns at one point or another in the 4 years I have been controling. I don't know which one was the most fun though. Probably Kremlin. Any guesses on where Kremlin is?? Outtie Eddie

 I wish I was going to do something as fun as visiting Denver. When Hillary returns to Florida, we'll have 8 or 9 days together and I want to take her somewhere more interesting than Callaway. Maybe New York City...that wouldn't be crazy or anything. Who knows. I've been practicing a few of my songs a lot lately. I'm about ready to record them on my G-Series Takamine accoustic guitar. I'm going to make a music video for it too!. Yep. And it's going to rule. Now--I'm going to drive all over the place and take pictures of my new Sock Monkey in fun places...catching him in the act of defiling nature...and other things. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: American Analog Set "The Kindness of Strangers"

 Well, it's Sunday morning and we are going to head out to Denver for the day. I am sure that we will have a fun time. Updates to follow. Yesterday we went to Cave of the Winds and looked at a bunch of caverns. It was fun walking through all the caves and caverns. We proceeded to check out some Indian cliff dwellings. The Indian stuff was cool stuff. Seeing how the Indians actually lived in the cliffs was very educational. We also went out to the Air Force academy. I have been there before but my family wanted to see it so off we went. It was closed to visitors but with my handy dandy active duty military ID we were in business! Mungo, your propane story is some funny crap! I am dying! How are things going with you and Hillary? Eddie, dude, I am sorry to hear about your Pops. What is the deal? (email me) Not too much else to say at the moment. I have to go and eat some breakfast before my adventure. ST freezing his butt off (-3 outside right now).

 This weekend was really fun for the most part... but back to work tommorow. I went to Seoul and saw the War Museum. That was really cool. Did you know that there were over 5 million Americans sent to the Korean War? I was impressed by that amount. Canada sent roughly 3300 or so and 1/3 of them either died or were injured. They need to learn how to fight. Damn Mungo, I went and got propane filled one time by a retarded guy and he was very quick and didn't almost kill us. Man you gotta love Wewa's best. Dude, I just finished reading your blog again for like the 4th time and I am about to drop on the floor laughing. That is too frickin funny. Went out again last night, and the thing of not trying to drink has basically just been thrown out the window. Fuck it. Of course having bad news being dumped on my lap doesn't exactly make things easier. Just found out on X-Mas that my dad is having some really bad health problems. I hate Korea for this reason. I am too fucking far away to just take a few days of leave and go see people. No worries though, I have made it through worse shit, this is just another one of those things that is made to make a person stronger and hate the military more. I am sitting here staring at the screen now and don't have anything else to say so I guess that means to stop blogging. Dueces Bros

 Tim and I went to the Fam Camp to fill the propane tank. The crazy fat woman that did the service for us was...shall we say...incompetent. Yes, that's it. When she started to fill the tank and clouds of propane began to escape from the seal, the woman was heard to mumble, "Oh my! Why, that's never happened to me before." and "Mumble mumble it's in my eyes mumble mumble I can't see mumble mumble where's that screwdriver?" And then, after 2 minutes of watching the propane thunderstorm gather around us, the woman dropped the metal screwdriver onto the metal floor, right beside the tank...causing Tim and I to flinch with a certain fear of imminent doom. Luckily there were no sparks and we live to tell the story. The last quote I'll leave you with was muttered by the fat woman as she handed the tank to Tim: "Careful, it's all wet." Peace and Love, Mungo

 I am a super retard. I can't believe I forgot my passwords. I thought that I had them backed up on my laptop but I was dead wrong. I finally figured it out. Thanks for covering for me, Eddie. Trip was good. Total of 14 hours with an hour lunch break. Ashlee was amazing. I have the laptop rigged to watch DVD's. I bought a little thingy for to broadcast the sound on a FM station so I can listen to the movie on the truck stereo since the laptop speakers suck. The laptop fits perfectly between the front seats so Ash can see it perfectly. Put in Blues Clues and Shrek...life is good. Christmas was fun. I got neat crap! Flight Sim 4 with all the planes from the Wright Flyer until now. Cool. Also got Vice City driving game. I got a bunch of other neat stuff too but I won't bore you guys with it. It didn't snow here on the 25th but the 26th was snowy white. It is hard to breathe here at 9,500 feet. Uh oh, my Dad and father in-law are starting to talk about politics...bad news. I have to go ref. I will get on here again now that I can! ST out.

 ST was going to blog until he remembered that he forgot his password to get in and Blog. Idiot. But here are some things from him... He made it to CO fine and the trip went well with the Kid not even really crying. All good there, because I know what it is like to have a screaming kid in the back of a car for a long while. Basically not much else other than he is having fun and forgot all of his passwords. Dumbass. Anyway, Chrismas is over here and has been for roughly 12 hours. It was a pretty good Christmas. We ate like pigs. We had ham, turkey, yams, baked beans, stuffing, and more. Needless to say, I felt like I was going to have to be rolled out of the room. After dinner, I got spanked in football on the PS2. I lost 35-17. We hung around for a while, then decided to go out. Curfew was 12 am so we couldn't be out for too long and we were starting to cut it a wee bit close (i.e. 2 min before 12) We had a good time though. Even Kev went out with us, which is very suprising since he never really goes out for a drink. There was a LtCol's daughter with us last night. She is visiting from Idaho. no worries, she is 21 and she is HOT. Flirted with her for a while, then the group of us headed over to my room. 9 people being obnoxious and stupid. One of the chicks could not wait for AJ to get out of the shower to go to the bathroom so she just went in there and did her thing. Did I mention we have a clear shower curtain? yup, so everyone got a show. man, I thought he was going to kill me, but he took it quite well and then hung with us for a while. By the way, The Lt Col's daughter is Kev's CC's daughter. he he he... she was wearing a blue thong. It was nice. Anyway, I hope everyone had a good X-Mas and stuff. Did anyone call L for her B-Day?? I did, but I am supposed to. Later peeps.

 I did two things today...and today is Christmas. #1 THING: Found the bridge used in the filming of "The Truman Show." Took pictures there. #2 THING: Went to work and wrote two EPRs. One of them SrA Parker's (Eddie knows who that is), and the other EPR was my own. I just got back to my apartment after 5 hours of painful writing alone in a brightly dead office. Flouresent lights breed hostility. Merry Christmas. Happy Chanukah/Hanukkah. Good Kwanzaa. Blessed Yule. Oh, hell! Happy Holidays!!!! (unless otherwise prohibited by law).

 My duty hours for today were: 0745 - 1200. Today is Christmas Eve and our squadron was on minimum manning. Most people were just required to sign in and leave. The Chief sent everyone in the building around on details. Mopping, sweeping, vacuuming, picking up cigarette butts, raking leaves, sweeping sidewalks, and the works. I had to do it too, which is no problem, except that I'm trying to finish two EPRs that are due in the first week of January. One of them is mine, one of them is SrA Parker's. So we all finish up on details around 10 and I get to work on my computer. As soon as I open up the form to start typing, Lt Col Cote (sq CC) comes in and releases everyone for the day. I think to myself, "Wonderful! Peace and quiet to do my work alone." But then he made me leave too. He didn't care that I was busy, he wanted me out of work on Christmas Eve. He would not let me stay. So what am I doing? I'm working on two EPR's at home instead of at work...where I'd much rather be right now. Merry. Peace and Love, Mungo

 Kick ass photos of the lights... however, us camping was still the most amazing thing I have ever seen as far as the lights go. Sounds like you and H are having a good time. this is good news to hear. Although, if she turns out to be another Ashley, we will have to beat her. But I doubt that will happen. This is good. Luigi Begies.... I love that place. Cheap food that is good too. Didn't I introduce you to that place? that place just rocks. As far as the driving thing... Dude, I am less inclined now to drive all over the US to see people. One of those "how bout you fuckers come here and visit me once in a while" things. I will end up driving all over the place anyway when I get back to the US, but I think I will limit it to MN and IL. Anyone from Houston can go up there and see me and L. I am debating flying from Vegas to MN with L, it would be so much easier. by the way Mungo... where the hell has your sister been? I have not seen her on yahoo messenger in like 8 months. Well, If you go up there tell her I said "hey" It is my kids B-Day today... well my today as I am typing this, but not her today until about 6 more hours. I woke up in a panic this morning because I thought that I was going to miss calling her on her B-Day. Go figure, It has not even happened for her yet, so now I have to wait at least 16 hours until I call her. I hate this much of a time difference. Eddie waiting to call his kid....

 urlLink The Aurora Page - Photographs by Jan Curtis - Page 1 Very Very Cool Pictures, Guys!

 Bros, Hillary and I found fun things to do. We went walking around downtown (the Harrison parts) where things are fine and fresh. The library is there...where we read across from each other for an hour...the Java is there...where we shared a scone and drank soy lattes and hot tea...Books by the Sea is there....were we escaped without spending too much money...harbor is there...where we explored and read the names of all the boats...the park is there were we admired the old men sleeping in the sun, and the post-pranked fountain filled with suds... We went down to Mexico Beach to eat at a beach restraunt: Toucans. But it was closed. Will not be open until Dec. 29th. So we drove to Panama City to Luigi Begies (almost 40 miles away) and ate itallian. No beach experiance there, but she will return on Dec 30th. Hillary and I will be spending our New Years Eve together alone on the winter beaches of white-sands-Florida with warm blankets and a bottle of Ravenswood Merlot. We're going to the hidden "East Crooked Island" beach. That is the best beach in all the world, the Virgin Islands can't come close. Hillary and I briefly discussed driving up to Osage making stops in Olathe and Ames along the way. IF IF IF IF IF IF (I repeat: IF) we do it, we'll begin the drive 1 Jan 04 and be back in Callaway 6 Jan 04. The next day we'd have to drive to Orlando, and I'd return with an empty car after saying good bye. That's what is making us weary about going to Iowa. All the driving. I've already driven nearly 1,600 miles this week! But we'll see. I'd love to see family and introduce this girl to my family. We'll just have to see. Peace and Love, Mungo

 I went to the post office today and picked up my 2 yes TWO packages. One was from LtCol Mike. That was pretty cool. The other was from Super Turtle sending my shit that I had left at his house. I like getting mail that is not bills or someone saying your car is being repoed. LOL... I also got my OIF coin from the insurance company. I was definately impressed with the quality. Not some shitty coin that some cheap bastard makes into a Mx coin. Where the hell is everyone???? I know ST is trying to get ready to go to CO, but where is the Mungo-nator and the Double Bubbles? I have a guess what Mungo is doing, but OO, you have no excuse. No your wife beating you for even looking at the blog is no excuse. Just do it while she is sleeping. "Here's the mail, it never fails. When it comes I wag my tail. It makes me want to wail MAIL." Blues Clues Mail song Who says kids shows don't have good songs. he he.

 You'll write before you get to CO... it's Crack for you. Right now you are looking at national wireless services so you can blog while you drive. Resistance is futile.

 I took some meds to get rid of my runny nose and now I am like sand in the desert! Better than a runny nose. I just got done watching the Broncos whoop up on the Colts. This win lets the Broncos go to the playoffs! Yeah, Broncos! It is 2100 and I have to get ready for bed since I have an 11 hour day all by myself. Nope, I won't see anyone else the whole time I am there. and we are actually shut down so there isn't any work to do except watch TV or read. Fun. I also have to spend all my free time getting ready for the trip not too mention I have to wrap all of Beck's gifts before we leave. Too much to do. I am sure that the next blog will be when I get to CO and have some time maybe on Christmas day. If I don't talk to you guys before Christmas then you all have a great one and I hope that Santy Claus brings all you bad boys what you want. See ya... ST out

 I just finished a fitness pre-test. I scored an 80.25. This is good. It means that I will pass when the test actually happens as long as I do as well or better. The 1.5 mile run kinda sucked though. 14:07, not the greatest, but at least I completed it. Gotta run. Shower, food, work. Eddie

 So kev and I went around town today looking for a pool cue. found one. got one. After that we went to eat. Terriyaki Chicken. Good stuff. After that, I went and ordered flight suit patches and then went home. Not a real exciting day, but still a decent one. Anyway... Damn I want that bike. If for no other reason than to say "My bike has all wheel drive, my balls are bigger than yours" The pepsi incident is just plain funny only because I have been in that situation too many times. I have the drinking problem at usually the most in-oportune moments. Talking to a hot chick, trying to be cool, and then shit just goes south when you dump a drink down your shirt. It is even worse when you have a huge gulp in your mouth and someone says something funny and you 1. spray all over the place 2. choke on the shit or 3. blow it out your nose trying to prevent 1 or 2. Dallas Stars are playing right now and Dallas is winning 2 to 1 agains the Tampa Bay Lightning. A Christina Aguilara comercial just came on too... damn that is a hot biatch. Very suprising to have a decent commercial over here. Most of them are AFRTS commercials where it is propoganda about the military or safety shit. I hate the commercials. Sometimes they have cool history ones. I have often wondered about the phrase "fuck me running." I try to picture this and usually have problems. Do you realize that you would really have to be running at the exact same pace to do this, not to mention the geometry involved. Wow, the stupid shit that runns through our heads.... I have to be at work tommorow at 1030 or morlike at the gym at that time. Work actually starts at 1200. We are generally at work about 6 hours a day and do about 1 to 2 hours of actual work during that. Other times we play scrabble or just sit there and bullshit. On another note, finance fucked up my pay and shorted me around $300 for the Jan 1 paycheck. Needless to say, this kinda fucks me because that is when my child support is due. Hopefully my travel pay will hit and I won't have to worry about it. I can't wait to get the fuck out of this BS. People always say that I will not get out. I say "Fuck you Jobu." I need a soda... brb... I am back now, not that y'all noticed the difference. After the gym tommorow I have to go and check my mail. Someone said I had mail on Friday and I have just been to lazy to walk the mile to the post office. Yes I am serious, the post office is on the far side of base and the only time I am near there is when I am at the gym. This has been a long blog for me and I am very supprised that I actually typed this much. most of it, however, is stupid shit. But hey, what else is the blog for than to share with friends. Out of curiosity, has anyone ever seen our blog as one that is on the list of "noted blogs?" Eddie wondering about useless shit

 urlLink RUBICON AWD Damn, dude.

 I feel like getting my blog on. Well, I almost wore that damn shirt with the Pepsi on it to Applebees but I caught myself at the last minute. While on the subject of Pepsi... The waiter at Applebees thought Beck and I were nuts when we kept telling him that the diet Pepsi that we ordered was actually regular Pepsi. He swore that he got it from the diet fountain but we said that there was no way it was diet. He finally went back for the 3rd time to get more and came back about 6 minutes later smiling. "You guys are good. The lines were connected wrong in the back. Sorry about that." We just laughed since he was so nice about it the whole time. That was our adventure for the day...lunch at Applebees. It is 1406 and I need to get to wrapping Christmas gifts and getting everything ready to road trippy. Mungo, How is Hillary's visit going? Hope you guys are having fun. ST out

 I don't even know someone named Fred! I got up this lovely Sat morning at 0630 and ran to Wally World to get oil and a filter for the truck. Of course, they only had 3 quarts and I need 6! Bought what they had then stopped at the Wally near base to get the rest. Proceeded to change the oil on my beast and check it out for the trip ahead. Yes, F'ing the F'ers would be time consuming. mlm Well, fuck me running! I just now spilled Pepsi all down the front of my shirt! Crapola. Luckily it was my dirty shirt from changing my oil. Maybe I will change it or maybe I will just wear the damn thing all day! At least I didn't get it on the keyboard! That would suck. Yes, I really wish that Bubbles would get into the blogging spirit and see how much fun it is. It will be sad when the book is made and there is no entry from him in here. Oh well, as someone else said...."Fuck the Fucking Fuckers!" Okay, this Pepsi on my shirt is making me cold. I will go change now. ST out Advice: When drinking Pepsi from a can make sure it goes in your mouth and NOT on your shirt. Seems to work better that way.

 I got to hear ST's truck over the phone while he woke up the neighbors today... which would be yesterday to y'all. Sounds cool even over the phone. Anyway, Mungo, I say it quicker because my vocabulary is limited and mostly just comprises cuss words. Therefor, I am unable to make anything last a long time.... to include marriage... he he he... ST, I appologize about the recent die down of the blogger, but you have to understand that fucking the fuckers is time consuming and we must use large amounts of time stuffing a telephone pole up there fucking ass. Oh boy, I cant wait to see this in print next year. DUECES mlm (supposed to be the middle finger)

 Guys, You know what? Eddie has a bad day and describes it in a paragraph. I had a bad day today and it took me an entire hour to tell Hillary about it. That's right, an hour. That's also right, HILLARY. Hillary is cooking. We're both drinking wine. And we're both listening to 12 versions of Brown Eyed Girl. The awsomist....hey, I'd love to tell you more about it, but we're about to eat some wonderful food and then get shitty. I have this to look forward to...and I've been thinking about this moment since 0800. EDDIE: The jist of my hour long rampade story was this--fuck the fucking fuckers...we have something in common...and so far away. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: Shaggy "Brown Eyed Girl"

 Vroom Vroom goes my truck! Boy, I said Vroom Vroom beeeatch! I have been wanting to get a performance muffler installed on my truck since I bought the damn thing. Well, today Beck said to do it. I did. My baby is mean and loud, now! Yeah, baby. It sounds so bad ass. Eddie, did you think that anything would change from your last two bases? Just keep your shit to yourself and don't hang with any airmen! I think you are seeing the main reason that NCO's are supposed to "keep to themselves". For all the shit I deal with at work I am sure glad that we don't have any Airmen running around like little pansy ass babies. Dude, just start reading books, messing around on your computer, whacking off more, watching TV, go to school, or some crap. It will help you save money anyway. Good luck and keep us posted. ST out

 So last night the "feels like" tem was 6 degrees. Some people in my squadron were saying "Lets go out" Eddies reply "Go fornicate yourself" except more vulgar language. So get this... there I was... This one punk ass airman is trying to stir shit up at work about me. She said that I told her to "Back the fuck off" at the X-Mas party. Didn't happen, the person riding in the cab with me said it. So she told AJ, the roommate, and AJ came and talked to me. So I went up to the chick, and asked why did she say that I said something I didn't say? apparently this was too aggressive, because she went up to the SMSgt in the squadron and said that I had approached her and was really mean or something. The Senior went to AJ and told him to make sure I stayed in line. AJ talked to me and then I started to get pissed off. Didn't do anything just let it slide... mostly. my supervisor was gone so I talked to my flight sup and briefed him on the situation for the "Just in case" factor. This does it my friends.... FUCK THE AIR FORCE!!! I have 2 years left and that is it. I am tired of the nitpicky bullshit and the kinder gentler mother fuckers that can't handle being told when they are wrong and have to mutha fuckin' cry about it. I would rather be a cop where at least I get accused of good shit like abuse of a guy that is 6'4" and 250lbs saying I kicked the shit out of him. I am tired of the political bullshit that if you can't handle something where you just straight up skip the chain of command and tell the highest ranker mother fucker you can find so that you can feel good about yourself. Incompetance is at its peak here folks, and these whiney, punk ass, little fuckers can all go and fuck themselves. Fuck the fucking fuckers. Eddie out now happier.

 I am pretty much back in action. I still have the crud or whatever it is but I feel almost 100% today. I went to work and everything. I have noticed that the blogging action has died down a little bit. I am starting to get lonely...I have to go get a tissue to wipe the tears off the keyboard. ST out

 I went to the Tricare office in the hospital today and changed my status to flight medicine. They didn't even ask for my ID or any paperwork. Took 2 minutes and I was done. Sweet. Trailer is now back on base in storage. After towing it around town I want to go camping! ST out

 My sickness has taken over my whole body now. I called work and said that I wasn't going to be in today. I also called the hospital to try and get an appointment but they were all full (big surprise there!). I did find out that I can get switched over to flight med. I will have to go up to base and do that today sometime. That will be so damn nice. Trailer is in the shop getting a leak fixed. It should be ready today sometime. I am going to try to go to the hospital when I take my trailer back up there (RV storage is near the hospital). That way I can kill two birds with one stone. Speaking of Christmas parties. I blew off the Commander's party, our office party AND the big work party that everyone stayed over for. I have a feeling that the people I work with think that I am not a team player....hmm...I'M NOT! At least as far as work parties go. My headache has subsided so I can at least function to a certain extent. Still feels like an elephant is sitting on my chest and I am coughing up nuclear green shit. Maybe I won't go to work tomorrow either. I will have to see how I feel. ST out (more like passed out). PS. Eddie, I fixed the damn "Q" for you! Happy now?

 It has been to long since my last blog fix. more than 3 entries means too long and there have been 11!!! What the hell is that? Anyway... Squadron X-Mas party last night. Show up, drink, drink, raffle drawings, drink, eat, drink, raffle drawings, raffle drawings, drink, raffle drawings (too many friggin raffles) drink, high ranking people talk, drink, dance, drink, smile for pictures, drink, dance the "Cotton Eye Joe," drink, socialize, drink, challenge someone to a "control off," drink, talk shit, drink, socialize, drink, have one more drink for the road, go eat. Drinking stopped, the amount of times you see "drink" is the amount that I drank prior to this sentence. I had way too much and 0930 showtime for work came way too quickly. I have a problem. However.... all those drinks totalled up to a whopping $22.75. Booze is cheap here. I am almost tired of drinking because I can not recover like I used to and it is too fucking painful in the mornings. but enough about drinking.... it makes me want to vomit thinking about it. Mungo, sounds like you have a very busy schedule ahead of you. ST, the "Q" is capitalized... remember.... big fuckin Q??? Bubbles, did your wife beat you for getting on the blog again? I am not looking forward to X-Mas eve. I am very bummed that I will miss L's B-day. I doesn't really matter that much about missing Christmas with people because I am not a huge fan of holidays in the first place. I have not been for about 10 years. They annoy me. Who the hell would want to know what is on your monitor at any given time anyway? some people are just too damn nozy. Have fun in CO. I have run out of things to say.... too tired Eddie countin' sheep

 urlLink TechTV | Dark Tip: Van Eck Phreaking Oh shit, there goes the neighborhood.

 I'm sick. Being sick sucks the big bo bo. Well, at least I am getting it out of the way now BEFORE our CO trip. "Hand me my NyQuil" ST out

 11:40 (Now) Blogging my eyes out. I have left work for the day due to illness. I'm sick. Of work. 12:00 Beging final stages of cleaning the appt 15:00 Finish all cleaning 15:01 Sleep 21:00 Awake 21:30 Get on the road, drive to Orlando 06:37 (Eastern) Greet Hillary at the airport...attemp over come akwardness with a quickness 07:00 Get back on road, return to Callaway 14:00 Arrive home. Sleep. 19:45 Awake, pick up Timmy, drive to Regency 11 20:30 Opening credits to Return of the King. 23:30 End credits, drop Timmy off, return to Bay Front Apartments 24:00 Bed. 05:00 Become very angry at alarm, dress for work 11:44 (48 hrs from now) Rue my life, suffer, pray for it all to end, wonder what hell has been happening to me. Drag some serious ass.

 My addiction has gone to the next level. http://www.superturtle.blogspot.com/ is now my new home page in IE. Google used to be my homie page but since I can now search Google from the Google toolbar I don't need it. What is happening to me? ST out

 "The scroll, the scroll. The buttin, the buttin. The scroll is so smooth, like the butter on the muffin!" --Strongbad

 urlLink Compy 386!! This is super awsome.

 My brain is spinning around in my head. Spinning and spinning. Around and around it goes. Also, my eyes feel awfully poppy right now. They might just jump out of my head and dance a jig on the desk in front of me. I wouldn't be able to watch it, of course, because I would have no eyes! How crazy is that? To have your eyes dancing a jig and you can't even watch! Don't tell anyone but last night...I heard my eyes talking to each other. Yep. I don't think that they know I was listening though. From what I can gather, I think they may be conspiring about something. I haven't figured out exactly what yet but I will soon. And when I do they better hope I keep my temper under control or I might just poke them out and kick them down the street! That will teach them to conspire like that! I just might do it. I don't really know why my eyes would want to conspire against me. I have always taken care of them and never watched any gay porn or weird shit like that. I just don't get it. Maybe they are unhappy with the view on the back of my eyelids. Do you think I should put some pretty pictures back there for them to look at while I am sleeping or blinking? Would that make them happy? What kind of pictures should I put back there? If I were an eye I think that I would like to look at some bright and happy colors. You know, I could put a different picture behind each lid so they will have something to talk about during their idle time. There are many possibilities here that I must explore before I make a decision about what to tatoo on the inside of my eyelids! ST out

 Well, I think that Beck and I are going to try go see the new movie, "The Haunted Mansion" tonight. We still have to see if Amy will watch the kid for us though. I don't go in to work until around 1400 tomorrow so I have to try and stay up late tonight. TODAY IN HISTORY: Dec 15 -1791: Bill of Rights becomes law -1966: Walt Disney dies -1939: Gone With the Wind premieres in Atlanta That is all.... ST out

 It is 2100 and I must shower and get ready to sleep. I should order up some dreams to get me through the night. Relaxing ones would be nice. Yep, I think that I will just have to do that. Mungo, Did you come up with the "landslide" poem? I like it. Beck says that she likes it too. Run, Eddie, run! 0400 is creeping up on me. I should use my time wisely and shave the hair from my face. ST out Advice: Put your socks on THEN your shoes. It seems to work better that way but don't ask me why.

 i'm pacing the landslide i'm spacing the scapegoats racing the bore tide and cleaning my rain coat

 I just finished running doing pushups and situps and stretching. It was not nearly as bad as I thought it would be. However, this may have something to do with the fact that I have to walk every where here. Anyway.... gotta go to work Eddie off to control

 After posting my last blog I put in an R.E.M. concert video (Tour Film) and laid down to go to sleep. I did fall asleep. The video tape ended, rewinded, and the VCR blinked off and ABC appeared on the screen...the volume at a low level. This did not wake me up. But several hours later, deep into my sleep, I began to dream the sound of many voices yelling in the most intense fashion I have ever heard. It was insane. When I woke up, the news of Saddam's capture was breaking. I watched for 30 minutes, my face must have been like stone. Mungo

 urlLink Google Toolbar I just installed the Google toolbar and it is the bomb. Check it out. The main reason I got it was to stop pop ups...it works and has lots of other cool features like being able to just click a button and blog from any site you are on! Sweet. An even easier way to mainline.

 This Christmas is not like past ones at all. We have not been in the mood to decorate or even get a tree. No, we are not Scrooges or anything of that sort. Although, it could easily be taken that way if you walked in to our home. What is really different about this Christmas is that we are driving to Colorado for the last two weeks of the year. Knowing that we won't be here has just taken the desire to decorate and be festive and thrown it in the trash receptacle. We are bubbling over with excitement about going to CO! I refuse to put up ANY Christmas stuff before Thanksgiving even though I think the stores are starting in July now or some crap like that. After Thanksgiving this year We decided not to get a tree since we wouldn't be here on Christmas morning to enjoy it and thus it's sole purpose would never be fulfilled. That would be a sad end to the life of a Christmas Tree, don't you think? So, no tree. We did, however, put up a few little things around the house but it just doesn't feel like Christmas unless you have moved half of the furniture around to fit the damn tree! Now, I am stressing trying to make sure that we have the gifts for our parents finished in time! We bought a couple of really old windows that had the paint falling off and were just plain nasty. One has three panes and the other, just two. I sanded and cleaned the crap out of the three pane...or should I say three pain? At any rate, Beck and I then painted it and did the "crackle" technique on it so the top coat of paint is cracked all over and you can see the bottom color. I just finished painting it this very morning. Our plan is to go to Michael's and get some more glass cut to the same size as the existing stuff then put pictures of Ashlee and some dried flowers between the glass. Our parents will then have a three (or two) picture frame that they can hang on the wall! Unique, don't you think? I will have to get to work on sanding and painting the other one since I only have a week to go. WOW! I will take pictures of how they turn out and post them so you can see what the hell I am talking about. TODAY IN HISTORY: Dec 14 -1799 George Washington dies at Mount Vernon -1947 Stock Car Racing Organized -2003 Saddam Hussein is captured in Iraq ST signing off.

 "Welcome Double O!" I hope you have found the time to read EVERY single thing the rest of us have written. You better. So there I was..."Where were you?" I was sitting on my couch thinking really hard about cleaning...the next best thing to ACTUALLY cleaning. Probably better. Anywho, Tim timmy called me. Timmy is my best friend down here. He was hungry. We went to Firehouse and I had a Corned Beef samich. Wonderful. Then we went to Goodwill and I bought chairs. The chairs could be on the cover of a book entitled "The History of Linolium Houses." One of them is in bad need of a duct tape job. On the way back to my apartment to drop off the chairs, Timmy slamed on the breaks of his new Durango and said, "I'VE NEVER BEEN THERE!" I didn't ask, I simpley waited. We pulled into a parking spot infront of Toe Jams. THE hole in the wall of hole in the walls. Thus started the tour of of bars we had never been to before. Which are few and far between. I've been here for nearly two years and Timmy's going on five years. But we found some. Toe Jams, The Watering Hole, Genes, Side Pocket, and then to the old familiarity of the Sip 'n' Cue. Which is where we ending the drinking/pool playing. We started drinking at 4 p.m. and ended about 50 minutes ago (3 a.m.) Insane crazy. To end the night we (that is, me, Timmy, and Bill Coe) decided a little McDonalds was in order. To make a long story short...it was a fiasco. We started off with a little humor, it turned into war. War between us and the Micky D's guy. Bill Coe is amazing when it comes to drive-thru humor. Totally histerical. I'm just glad I'm not eating any of the food we got (after 20 minutes....AT THE FRIGGING WINDOW!!!!!!!) I am tired so tired yes I am. It is 3:58 a.m. Certainly time to call it off for the day...night...morning...what ev. Peace and Love, Mungo "We live as we dream alone We break the spell and mix it with the others." Song of the day: R.E.M. "World Leader Pretend" (live from "Tour Film")

 "Welcome 007!" We hope you enjoy blogging with us here and that you gleen some valuable insight into our messed up minds. Feel free to share with the group whenever you wish. We think that you will find it very theraputic and fun. Again, welcome. Make yourself at home. ST falling off the wagon...

 i would like to introduce myself. I am Double O. I am new to the blog and would like to say "HELLO". I hope you will like me and am pleased to be posting on this fantastic new concept of "Blogger". I hope each and everyone on this here blog will grow to like me and feel free to respond with anything you can. I love all of you and hope to talk more. I want each and everyone of you and hope to be more closer in each and every way. sincerely, Double O

 Poop

 Feel free to use whatever you want out of here for publishing... ST and Mungo only... all others have no copyright authority and will be flogged if used without written permission by myself, ST or Mungo. I like the idea of the coffee table book... however... I dont think anything should be edited. We all know what we are really like and so can everyone else. If it is profane then oh well. I got drunk last night and had a damn good time. One of my old troops from Mt Home asked me to dance with her and did some unexpected things with her boyfriend not 15 feet away. no fluid swap or clothes coming off... but still very interesting. Regardless, it was fun and I enjoyed it but told her I didn't want to end up in a fight with her boy. She said she didn't care, but she was drunk and so was I... bad combo... bad things happen that way. It was still fun even when her hand went down my pants an hour later. Yes it really did happen and it made me very nervous. I think I have been out of the swing of things for too long. Well, nothing like jumping in like that. Thanks for shipping the stuff ST. ST and I are talking to Bubbles and trying to get him hooked... probably with little success. Outie

 I just wrote a huge, long post and accidently deleted it before I published it! Son of a &#$@^!!!! Well, here is a summary. Party was good. Mungo, take what you like and do with it whatever you like. Next year for Christmas I am going to have all of this blog printed at Kinko's and make into a sort of coffee table book for each of us. I will work out the details later. It could be a yearly tradition and we could have volumes or something. Only people that contribute to the addiction will get a copy. You don't contribute to the addiction, you don't get the high. End of story. I think I said some other profound shit but oh well. I have to go mail Eddie's crap to him in K. If I don't do it today he might send a hit man after my ass. ST kicking his own ass out the door. Advice: Don't ever quote Chris Rock's skit about tossing salad when you are hanging out with a bunch of ex-cons. They won't see the the humor.

 I'm working on my book, right? I'm bad at making dialoge sound like other people. You know what I mean? All my charactors talk like I do. You see how that could be a problem, right? So, my request is this: There are several clever little quipits of writing on here that I would like to steal from you, MAY I DO SO? For example: "...is probably in the full swing of things at the party, showing his eyelids to people..." For example: "...I will post more soon just because I like the feel of the needle in my arm..." --please consider...Mungo

 Last night was the first night in MONTHS that I have gone out. I went to the Sip 'n' Cue with some people from work. (Kelly Burke, Kekay, Maria Duany, Thomas, Moore, Cheeno) Everyone had an insane week this week. Just hard and nuts for everyone. The funny thing is, that the badness in each of our respective weeks was completely unrelated to anyone else's. Different variables in each of our experiments...so to speak. Is there such a thing as collective karma? Dunno. Anyway, we shot some pool, drank a few beers (seriously, just a few, none of us really drink that much) and then we went to the Waffle House for "waffle waffle waffle waffle!" And it was so. Now I'm thinking this: I have until Wednesday to have my apartment in presentable order. I am a total slob. This weekend should give me enough time, right? Well, it's already noon on this cloudy 62 degree Saturday in Florida...so I ought to get moving on. I'm sure I'll be checking this again soon though. Eddie: King Diamond is too weird for me. I'm listening to their song "Let it be done." Weird! I'd give you strange looks too. Peace and Love, Mungo MY song of the day: Milencolin "No Cigar"

 female - "Do you have your ration card?" male - "My ration card?" female - "Sir, Can I see your ID?" male - "My ID?" This just makes you realize people are stupid. Answering questions with the question they were asked. This is the 6th time I have checked the Blogger today... We need to get OO hooked too. I think AJ thinks I am weird... I am listening to music and he gave me a strange look. Oh.... What am I listening to??? King Diamond... I guess that tells about the look. Fixin to go for dinner with Kev. We are going to eat Lumpa or however the hell you spell it. Lates

 "The Plan keeps coming up again And the Plan means nothing stays the same But the Plan won't accomplish anything If it's not implemented. Like it's always been.... It makes me think of everyone and the cause of this is evident but the remedy can not be found because it's so well hidden." --Eddie...you want to talk to Hillary? Oh shit. Okay. She'll be here around 2 p.m. on Thursday. You'll have all weekend... --ST...how was the party? Did you shake it like a poloroid picture? I don't have much to say. It was nice talking to Eddie today, always good to talk to the bros. Ya? Ya. My right ear hurts like a sexy MF. You see what you've done? You've got me blogging with nothing to say. See what you've done? I've seen better days...like, alchohic stupors are easier to deal with than this blog. "What is it, Sir?" "Well, maboy, see that little 'b' on the top of the pill here?" "Yes, Sir." "That's how they mark these drugs. It's Blogger for sure. Pure too, if I had to guess. These people are all fucked up." "You're a hell of a detective, Sir." "I know, Charlie." Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: Built to Spill - "The Plan"

 I am just about to leave to go and get nuts at the party...wife if calling me now.... ST Party Man

 My squadron Chrismas party is next Wednesday. It should be fun. As far as the firewalls... I also use a router and zone alarm. I don't trust anyone and they are all out to get me. That is why I own a small arsenal in the states. However, that does not do me much good here. I just talked to L and she was drinking apple juice... I think the apple juice got more attention, but she still found the time to say "I love you Daddy." Always good things to hear. By the way it is 10am sat morning here and ST is probably in the full swing of things at the party showing his eyelids to people while he studies the inside of them in a corner. Or he is making smart ass comments and Beck is saying "Dear!!" in the way that only Beck says it. I think we are going out tonight but I am not sure. There was something about someones going away party, but I don't really know the chick and don't really give a damn. So, we will see. By the way tell the Lt Col to fucking write me back. ST in CO with no blogger... that could be bad.... seems like it is time to bust out the laptop and install AOL for the trial and then cancel it when you get back. It is like smoking, booze and dirty women.... you just can't drop it like that. Still have not paid for a juicey yet... and I dont consider the 1000 wan as paying for a juicey... It is less than a dollar and she was "dancing" at a pole on a stage. But jiggling her titties would have been fun, but Eddie resisted because he is not that desperate....yet. ST, Send me the # you are going to be at in CO. Mungo, let me know when H gets there so I can call and let her know what your real friends are like. he he he..... :) OO7, just fuckin blog man... everybody is doing it. Zip Lip

 I was just reviewing the network security on the 5 computers running in my house. This reminded me to remind you about firewalls. Here it is in simple terms. If you have a cable modem and are not running a firewall of some kind such as Zone Alarm or a router then you are stupid. Yep, I will tell you to your face that you are stupid. People can EASILY find your computer and steal shit on it. Just like leaving you car unlocked in Harlem overnight. Zone Alarm is an award winning TOTALLY FREE firewall! If you aren't behind a router then get Zone Alarm from urlLink www.zonelabs.com It is simple to use and won't bog your computer down. I use it and a router. For more info on security read here: urlLink www.grc.com It will scare you to learn how easy it is to get on your computer from the internet! ST hiding out Advice: I think this whole blog entry was good advice!

 I have to go to Beck's office party tonight and I don't want to go. The only thing that was going to make it bearable was that Dave (Eddie knows him) was going to be there with Jean but now he may be a no show. I am going to be so damn bored now! CRAP! I just got an email from Lt Col Mike (was in AK now in CO, I don't want to use his name here). He wanted my mailing address so I am assuming that he is sending something for Christmas. Nice guy. I asked him to send me his # so we can get together while we are in CO and say hi. Wow, only one week until we leave! Woo hoo! I don't think that I am going to have any internet for the whole two weeks I am gone so don't get all worried about little me. I will write as soon as I get back. I am sure that I will have a novella to write. Well, the snow didn't accumulate at at the casa but the mountains right behind us got tons! We are going to have to take the dog and Ashlee up to play in the snow. I will probably be back to write more after the party to share my pain. See ya. ST slinking off... Advice of the day: Never walk around the hood at night wearing a white hood and yelling racial slurs. This could be bad!

 Real quick: ST--You say you've seen snow in Vegas once before, maybe twice. So this time would make it twice, maybe thrice... Hell freezes over quite a lot, huh? Mungo (tired after a 14.5 hour day) Song of the Day: Patti Smith "Blue Poles"

 Well, the let's plan for early Sep. I am feeling good about this. Eddie, I think you might want to just look around at what other jobs are out there with good bennies. It would be nice to have a stable job where you can stay with L more and not worry about the next war or deployment or TDY or...who knows! Mungo, Right now you are pretty set no matter what you do. There isn't much holding you in or pulling you out so you can go either way. Look around and see what is out there. You might just find something cool as well. Me...well, Beck and I have even discussed me staying in. I don't think it will happen though. Maybe we should all go work up in Seattle and be in the Guard. No deployments, no wars, no hassles. Just lot's of clouds and rain. I am going to look into it because I think it would be worth the trade off for the stability and still keep military bennies and retirement. Well, guys, hell has frozen over. Yep, it is snowing on my house here in Vegas. Yes, snow. That is wicked nuts! I have only seen snow here in Vegas once or maybe twice. It's not sticking but all the rain that we have been getting here has now turned to snow and it is falling faster! If it accumulates I will snap some pics and post them but I don't think it will. I am sure that I will post more soon just because I like the feel of the needle in my arm, you know? ST sledding off

 I am in a better mood this morning. I am sitting here listening to Rush and fixin to go to work. Unfortunately it will be another day of briefing hell. Not much else going on right now though. Tonight there is a callsign party. I however, am not on it because I am not Qualified yet. Why do they think that you need a new callsign everywhere you go? Fuck it. Oh, Rob Zombie is on now. Well.... gots to run. Dueces Eddie

 Yep. I did it. I wrote two award packages, four feedbacks, did 5 OJT briefings, scheduled 5 newbees for ALL their inprocessing appointments, scheduled 150 hours of sim, sat two missions, and other random things all in the last 24 hours. I'm not complaining or bragging, not at all. I'm just saying that I am VERY happy that I'm back to normal. Now, today will be a beautiful 14 hour work day, but hey. No biggie. Vegas. Beautiful. I will be getting out of the Air Force and my last official duty day will be 01Sep04. I remember when that seemed a long ways off! Now it's just right around the corner, huh? Just about 8 1/2 months off. Ya baby! But it still is awfully temping to just say, "Screw it," raise my right hand and wait for all that cash to roll in. Moneys would make things a lot easier right now, but it's not worth 14 more years. I say 14 because if I reenlist once, that's it. I'm in for 20. 8.5 months, Mungo

 I think I can do the Vegas thing. I just have to sign up for my mid-tour sometime soon to be able to get it. I will do that tommorow. Well dudes, I am beginning to re-think re-enlisting because of the recent findings and some of the past findings. No I don't really want to, but the reason is not selfish. I guess that means I will actually have to start studying for Tech. I am bummed that I am nowhere near home with my kid, and yet again that is a reason to get the hell out. Other than that, things are going fine. Work is work and the dorms are dorms. Truth is... I don't know what the fuck I am going to do and I just felt like rambling. I just watched a movie with Kev. "John Q" good movie. If you get the chance you should watch it. It is about a guy who takes a hospital hostage to get a heart transplant for his son. Some fucked up things though. Anyway, did Bubbles say if he was ever going to Blog or did his wife have his nutz? Later Bros Eddie

 Well, I am chatting with Bubbles this very moment. We have been talking about us all getting together next year. 007 is serious as a heart attack about it. We are thinking that Vegas is a good place to meet since he has never been here and no one was too thrilled about the air races in reno. Reno is kinda boring by itself anyway. Yeah, I have been there. Is this okay with everyone? We can stay at my house and use that as a base of operations. We can go camping in Utah, go to California and maybe even hit Mexico if the money is holding out. How does 10 days sound? That is the max Bubbles can take. I figue Eddie can take his mid-tour and stay in Vegas for 10 days then spend the rest of his time with L in Idaho or Houston or what ever. Mungo, we don't quite know where you will be! Will you be in or will you get out? Will you be able to make it? How about early Sep? It is looking like this is really going to happen if everyone agrees. What do you think! ST surfing off

 the Http://www2.abercrombie.com/ link on the previous post is laced with a porn download. thanks mike. i have been having massive problems with my computer because of laced links sent by friends. as a matter of fact, my present problem is with my internet explorer home page. for some ungodly reason, my home page keeps getting reset to www.fastsearch.something... and its anoying. just to let everyone know

 Here is the email that I fired off to Abercrombie and Fitch about there use of full nudity in there most recent catalog. While I am for nudity as much as the next guy I don't think it should be used to sell clothing by a company that caters mostly to 12-18 year olds! Since I have become a parent this type of thing has really been getting to me. EVERYONE SHOULD GO TO THE ABERCROMBIE WEB SITE AND EMAIL THEM YOUR THOUGHTS! TELL YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY AS WELL! Their site is: urlLink http://www2.abercrombie.com/ Since a national boycott was launched about a month and a half ago their stock is down more than 15%! That is hitting them where it hurts! Below is the letter.... To whom it may concern, I would like to express my outrage with the current clothing catalog for your company. It is no wonder that it was pulled and is no longer being distributed. Using nudity to sell to kids is deplorable! I will not be shopping at A&F until the company cleans up it's image. As a member of the United States Armed Services I will be letting everyone that I know including the base news paper about your ridiculous gimmicks to try and make money and ask them not to shop with your company. Even the very front page of the A&F web site has a man and woman making out and there is not one stitch of clothing visible! A&F does sell clothing, correct? Sad.... Ex-customer, Michael ******

 Pu-Tang and Cheese sticks...That made me laugh out loud! Thanks guys. Needless to say, I was so excited to see new posts on the blog action! Yeah for blog. What a strange addiction. I worked last night but got to sleep in the chair for over 5 hours so I am wide awake this morning. I got home and kissed the wife and kid but then took a different route than I had planned on in an earlier blog post. I some how got in the mood the fix the two sinks in the master-bath. You see, having a wife with long hair tends to clog just about every damn drain in the house! I took the "P" traps off and cleaned out enough hair to make a wig! That took me about 30 min...30 stinky ass minutes. But now the sinks drain like all the knowledge from my head. I then came to check my email. I got an email from my Aunt Bobbie in Houston telling me that her daughter (my cousin, duh) got a couple of ferrets for Christmas and was wanting to know what she needs to do to take care of them. HA! The email I wrote took me over 35 minutes to write. I told her all about EVERYTHING she would need to know about ferrets. All the work, cleaning, attention, vet bills, supplies, biting, stealing, jumping, pooping, hiding, bathing, nail clipping....on and on I went. I did, of course, tell her that they are the best pets to own if you are willing to put in the time and effort it takes to own one. I can't wait to get her response. I know she was thinking that it would be like taking care of a hamster or something like that. They aren't home much and I don't know if they are willing to put in at least 4 hours a day into watching ferrets run around acting the fool. I will let you know what happens. Maybe Double Bubble is the smart one by not getting addicted to the blog action! You think? Nah! I think that Julie has him tied to the couch and trained as her personal sex slave! That sounds more like it. Yes, we need to get online and chatty chat. Now with the whole Big K time difference Eddie needs to tell us a good time for him. I don't think that Thur chat time will work. 1900 Vegas = 2200 FL = noon Big K = 1800 AK Eddie will be at work unless he gets time for lunch. From what I am coming up with one of us will be at work or asleep all the time! Rats! I tried calling you, Eddie, during my overnight but it was about 0800 in the K. I will be working reg shift tomorrow (your Fri) so I will call you around 0500-0600 or so. I hate to wake you up but I can't call much later since I have to go home from work soon after that and you know that I can't just stay at work to chat with you. ST tunneling out....

 So, I guess only Doubles is unafflicted by the addiction of the blog. Huh? Who knew? Eddie, I'll be looking forward to meeting up with you on line. I've got some news too. Hope you're enjoying the Big K. That reminds me of K-Mart. I'm sorry you have to be away from your daughter, I can't imagine, of course, what that would be like, but I know how much you love her. Okay, boys, I have to go to work now. It's getting on to be that time, ya? My awar packages are due in 5 hours. I haven't even started one of them. Last night sucked ass. And today I woke up at 4:30 a.m. and went to the gym. I feel better now. Mungo Song of the day: American Hi-Fi "Safer on the Outside"

 There was nothing that happened today so far of any relative interest, but I decided to add to Mikes addiction by writing something anyway. I sat through 5 hours of briefings today (0700-1200.) Bunch of long winded people talking about crap that the last person and the person prior to them talked about. It was hard to stay awake and there was no coffee available. I think I officially go into training on the 15th, which should be a cakewalk assuming I know the difference between pyonyang and pu-tang or something to that matter. As far as what I need to talk to y'all about, it has nothing to do with MJ or the new station casino in LV. Just stuff that I don't want to put on the blog. its nap time for me. Eddie

 I'd like to start this blog off with a two line conversation I over heard at work that kept me laughing (and on the positive side of sanity) all day. "I'm hungry" "I have some cheese sticks in my pocket." That's it. Hillarious stuff there. Okay, so my day started yesterday. I didn't sleep for a single second last night. Could not do it. Seriously. My mind is too busy for all this. So I get to work and whaddya know, the two weeks I thought I had to write two quarterly award packages has now been cut down to 1 day. Yep. I had all day to write two packages. Oh ya, and four feedbacks, five initial OJT briefs, a dental appointment, a mobility appointment, two live missions, and 18 cheese eatting airmen running around. Did I finish the packages? Hell no. So, I brought them home. Home! "Home" is usually a term I regard with much revrence. It signals the end of shitty days. It's the second click of the stop watch. ...."and....TIME!" Punch out. Strip off the uniform. Surf the net. Read a book. Listen to things. Home is a good word. But it is meaningless on this day...a day that I need to hit the pause (or reset) button and wind down, drink some nyquill, and go to sleep. But, oh my brothers, no. I have two packages to finish before I get to work tomorrow. Oh ya, and an ALS graduationn to attend in one hour. The program tonight is 2.5 hours and I will get home at a quarter to 9. I can't explain further how tired I am. Or how much I hate my job right now. But at least I had this: "I'm hungry" "I have some cheese sticks in my pocket." Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: Built to Spill "In Your Mind"

 I must get ready to go to work. Eddie is probably about to get up from a night's slumber. Wipe that drool off your mouth and start the coffee pot. Get in the shower and wash the stink away. I will be working from about 1500 until 0100. I will then sleep in the recliner that we have in the office until I have to be awake again at 0400. I will then work until 0630 at which time I will proceed home. Once I get home I will kiss my wife and baby girl. I will then promptly go into my office and check this blog. You see...I think I am sort of addicted to the blog thing. Perhaps it is the fact that we can communicate with each other but not have to send emails back and forth to each other then make sure to send copies to the others. Maybe it is just the fact that I feel like we aren't so far away from each other. Hell, now we are all over the world! I check the blog before I go to bed. I check it soon after I get home from work. I would check it before work as well but since I get up at 0400 and am out the door by 0410 I don't really have the time. On the weekend I check it several times a day (usually just when I get a chance to get on the computer. Yes, guys, I am an addict. I wonder if they have a 12 step program for me? Oh, hell....I don't need no stinking 12 steps! I am really looking forward to seeing all the neat things that Eddie has to say about the big K. I am sure that he will have adventures to share with us. He now has a digital camera so I am looking forward to seeing what he sees. ST floating away...

 I go to bed at 2230 my time and there is nothing on the blog. I get up at 0930 and get on here at 1000 and there are books to read! Cool beans. Mungo, Very well written. I am impressed...really. I will have to read it a couple of more times. Warm field singing songs of your youth with your wife? Nice. I could do that. As far as getting out of the AF goes, just get a job at the post office. You can go on your route delivering mail and listen to music all day. Military get in easier as well. I tell everyone to get a job with the post office. I think that is my back up job if I don't find something that I really like when I get out. Eddie, Live ammo? Funny shit. I would have just turned it over to the Military Cops. Let me know what happens with that. Now, what do you mean depressing news? Michael Jackson is guilty? Don't tell me that because I don't think I could handle it right now! He would NEVER touch a little child! AAHHHH! Okay, so what is the deal? I will try and call you today which is Tue here and Wed there. So I will call into the future! I will be getting to work late today because I have to stay up all night for missions. I would have called you yesterday but the shop wanted to have a damn meeting and I barely caught the ride home. It will be about 0800 for you when I call and you might not be home but I will be at work all night so I may catch you. Hope all is well. I would like to write something to 007 as well but I don't think he likes us anymore. And to think, he wants to plan a trip next Sep? Yeah, I don't think that will happen. He doesn't even talk to us anymore. Oh well. Still love the Bubbles. See yall... ST blasting off...

 I am back on the blogger Gents. I am now officially writing from the Big K. It is funny that we call it the Big K yet Osan is small enough to walk anywhere and get there within about 5-7 minutes or less. There is snow on the fucking ground. I got here and it was fucking raining. The weather is just plain going to suck while I am here, and I have acknowledged that. Well, work is going fine, mainly because I have yet to actually work. Just in-processing crap. On the other hand... all of my stuff got here. It was nice to see everyting again and more than what I expected... THIS WAS BAD!!!!! So, I am going through my stuff... set up computer... set up PS2... put clothes away... all normal stuff so far... Start digging through the other boxes with extranious shit in it... guess what I find??? 1 hydroshock for my .45 and a box of ammo for my .380. Needless to say, I called customs after debating with someone why it would be a bad idea to just throw it in the trash. (yes, I was on the sane side of that one) Customs has yet to call back. Though I did leave my name, rank and #. Kind of odd... live ammo, and they don't call back... must have been the end of the duty day. I know quite a few people here that I have met throughout my career. Many of which I had worked with at Tyndall while TDY down there. I miss my kid. not a whole lot going on other than that... however, I do want to get both of you online with me at the same time so I can tell y'all something. No, I am not getting married. It is actually more depressing news. You my Dawgs, Eddie.

 So many factors are unknown to me about my future. In the unwritten book of my life, the one that exists in some untapped ESP resource in my mind, I am lost in the plot. I don't know if I'm half way through, if I'm a quarter read, or if I'm one page-turn away from a two letter phrase in bold: THE END. Who knows where we are on our own timeline. Not I, said Mungo. Not I, indeed. Suppose this: I will live a long heathy life and die at the age of 87. A good day to die, somewhere, perhaps, in a warm field with my old wife singing the songs of our youth, rejoicing our youths and our long happy lives together. Let's just suppose that. And say that each week of my life was a single page in that book. Certainly a long book. 4,524 pages...or so. Likely printed in a leather bound, nine-volume, collector's set. That is the most I could possible hope for. The best end to a life I could envision is just that. And we'll say, for the sake of the blogger (and my continued happiness in general) that it does come to that. I would be on page 1200, or there abouts, and can look back on so many pages with so many feelings cropping up. So many beautiful friends, so many sad times overcome, so many happy times remembered twice as strong. And from where my book mark lies today, I can say this: Thank you, oh my hommies, for providing so many of those good pages their vast upheavals of beatitude. Thank you. But now, suppose this: I live to the age of 87 still, but instead of weekly pages, the book of my life progresses only when I do. I advance the plot by my actions and activities only. What page am I on now? Maybe page 800. Not too shabby. And this, oh my brothers, is where I find the root of my questions. The source from which all doubt and fear come into play. How many more pages will I write? Will I keep on? Or will my book, still 63 years from completion, take only 100 pages more to complete? Will I grow stale, enfeebled, and lax? Or will I take hold of myself, make far-reaching advancements towards pure bliss, and life a life of expansive adventures? Where will my personal narrative lead me? I am faced with overt life altering decisions now, at the age of 24. I, as you all know, am federated in the United States Air Force. The contract binding me to service is due to expire in less than one year. Eight months, two weeks, and six days...to be exact. To stay in will guarantee two things: 1. The peace of mind of stability. I will never have to worry about remaining employed. I will never have to worry about how I will make all those "Next Month's"... 2. I will delay the inevitability that one day I will have to face my number one weakness: My unwillingness to pull free of a lackadaisical state of mind that has been with me my whole life and has (and shall continue to) agglomerate my dreadful fear of the future. If I chose to separate myself from military service, there are no guarantees. Not even the seemingly logical guarantee that I will face my chickenheartedness to face what is to come. Not even that. This is the choice I am leaning towards, and that choice fills my daily thoughts with enormous misgivings. What will I do with myself? What is on the next page of that book? I have no idea. Now, being the sole author of that book, I have found inspiration and sought advice from outside sources...and have included them heavily in the reference sections along with making those sources critical roles of my own life. I would not be where I am without my friends and my family and the book of Erik Kershner would be a shit read without ya'll. And it is now you that I turn to. I cannot turn the next page without first finishing the one I am on now, so I turn to you. I put down my pen and turn to you all for advice, encouragement, and maybe the right word combinations to put my mind back on track. Because right now, my mind is not on the right track. It is 1:25 ahoy I got off the couch at 1 ahoy because I could not sleep. I have been lying awake with ruminations and dreams of winning the fucking lottery. It's up to 32 million dollars here in Florida. I cannot stop giving attention to this head trip. Of course, it's natural of me to be in this state. I'm in a position where my worst fears are on the horizon...and winning the jackpot would be an instant and easy way around this hideous confrontation. Hokay, I'm done. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day - The Velvet Underground "Stephanie Says" --this comes as a highly recommended download

 Trans Siberian Orchestra. Just got back from the concert and it was absolutely amazing. This year blew last year away! Lasers, flames, smoke, hot chicks, it actually snowed on the audience (yes, it did)....oh yeah, amazing music. If you ever get the chance to see them...GO! Coaxer it is. Eddie should be on here within the week. He is getting DSL hooked up or he might just share DSL with his suite-mate. ST signing off.

 ST: I think we have already named my phone. Not Stanley, no. But: THE COAXER. I think so. Perfect. ALL: I talked to Double O after I talked to ST. Then I went to sleep. Hillary called me at 4 a.m. That made me happy, I had been wanting to talk to her all day! I was asleep when she called and she had to get to bed so our phone conversation didn't last long. But she's going to call again on Wednesday. She finishes with her finals on Tuesday. I can't wait to talk to her. On Wednesday we talk about "The Thing With The Thing." EDDIE: Happy days in Korea! I have your digits. DOUBLE O: Send those pictures, brother!

 K is for Korea. Eddie made it to K. His suite-mate is AJ, TSgt Johnson (ID tech in AK when we were there). Eddie says it is raining there...yuck. K is 17 hours ahead of NV. 16 ahead of AK. 20 ahead of FL. I called Eddie at noon on Fri here in Vegas and woke him up at 5am on Sat. Odd. I asked how tomorrow is looking so I have a heads up. Well, Mungo, have you named your coaxer? I thought about it and Stanley isn't a good name. Odd how it seemed good at the time but then after sleeping on it (the idea, not the coaxer) it doesn't seem as good. Oh well, I hope he is standing guard over you and keeping you coaxed.

 Yes, 2,309. That is the number of how many mp3's I have on my computer. That's 7.9Gb. Ya! Rock style.

 sooooooooooooooooooooooo tired.

 Coaxer, yes, Stanley? Humdum. Today is going to be a busy day. I had to get a lot of sleep for today...I did that part last night. I heard a Super Turtle speaking to me in my dream, but didn't realize that it had come to me from my answering machine. Not until this morning at least. I want to stay here, at the blog, and chitty titty chat about this an mibby that, but it's time to forego the 71.8 degree F of the indoors and venture into the wet damn darkdamp 58.1 degree F of the out. The out of mind, the out of doors. Peace from the east, Mungo Song of the Day: Mogwai - "I Know You Are, But What Am I?"

 Congratulations on the new phone! You say that he is a coaxer? What kind of things has he coaxed you into doing? Is it the motivational type or the mischief type? I am sure that you are comforted by the way it stands guard over your abode. It's eagerness to serve you at a moments notice. Exhilarating! Does your new compadre have a name? I don't know why but Stanley sounds like a good name for you to consider. I think that I will call you right this moment! Yeah, that is exactly what I am going to do! Here I go! ST signing off...

 Thanksgiving is over, done and gone. Eddie was here for two weeks and now he too is gone. This week is the first full week that I will have worked in over a month. For now it is work as normal and life as normal. Being back to the same old same old kind of leaves me with a sad and empty feeling inside. Wow, can you image what it will be like after Jan 1, 2004 when the whole holiday season is over? On the bright side we are going to see the Trans Siberian Orchestra this coming Saturday. We have tickets for the front row so we should have a great time. Of course the joy of the concert will be off set by the "commander's function" that Beck and I have to go to the same day. I don't want to go but it is one of those things where you should make an appearance. Oh well, I will make the best of it and keep looking forward to the concert later that night. Our trip to Colorado is coming up in almost exactly 3 weeks. I am excited to see my family and go skiing in the mighty Rockies! Woo hoo. What are all of you freaks doing for Christmas? When I say all of you freaks I guess I am only referring to Mungo since Eddie will be in Korea and 007 never posts on here anyway because he never has anything to say. Or isn't allowed to. Eddie is in the air right now heading over to the big K. I hope the trip is going well for you Eddie. If not then don't complain to me because I don't want to hear your bitchin. ST signing off...

 Every now and then I like to click on one of the 10 most recently updated blogs located on the left side of blogger.com. Well, about a minute ago I clicked on 3 or 4 and didn't find too much that interested me. The last one that I clicked on was a winner. The blog was so well written and interesting! I only read 4 of the person's posts before I had the urge to come and share my findings with you guys. Check it out. urlLink http://yetzul.blogspot.com/ ST - out

 It is 1351 on this lovely monday afternoon. I am at home. I have a mission at 2300hrs. That kicks buttocks. That means I'll only be at work for the length of one mission and I wont' have to go in tomorrow until noon! That is totally the wicked awsomist. I bought a new phone. I had to. I have horrible luck with TELAphonies. Phoney Balogna! I now own a black, yellow, and gray vtech 2.4 gig phone and it stands proudly over my laundery baskets and book shelves. He's a coaxer. The phone is my apartment's very own motivational speaker. Happy to hear you two had a good road trip. I was going to go on a trip this break. But decided not to. I was going to go to Birmingham and take pictures of high high bluffs and cliffs. It's weird to see them. Capes and Limbs, Mungo (de Bungalow) Song of the Day: The Strokes - "12:51"

 I agree with the other blog being a second priority.

 I think this is kinda cool, but it will be like the second priority blog. I will make entries on that after I sit on this blog for a while. This will definately make for a creative writing class.

 I am trying out a new blog. Maybe we will like it and keep it going for awhile. You both have been invited to join it. Read my post titled instructions and it will explain. If you think it is a good idea then lets do it. I was thinking that maybe we could invite a couple of friends to join as well so that we have more people to make it interesting. Let me know what you think. I think it would be funny! ST You can read it urlLink here

 I have finally updated my website with current pictures. Some of the pictures were cropped in a hurry since I am tired, sorry. I would like to know what you guys think. I have more but I can't put them all on my site. I guess you could call it a sampler. Beck says that I have ups and downs and it can get on her nerves. I understand where she is coming from since just the other day I was all excited to get new carpet for the house since it really needs it. Today I snapped at her and said I didn't really want carpet. That wasn't cool. I just wasn't in the mood to deal with it but I shouldn't have snapped at her like I did. I also tend to worry about finances more than I should. Hopefully this St John's wort will even me out a bit. I would like to see if it works before I go into the head shop and get stuck on Prozac or some crap. I would insist that they try me on other stuff that is much more mild that Prozac first. I don't really want to be a walking zombie. I do think that this stuff helped a little even though I just started it today. I really don't feel as irritable. On a side note. If you haven't seen the movie "Along Came Polly" you MUST go see it! Beck and I saw it last night and I about pissed my self! If you find Ben Stiller even slightly amusing then you will fall over laughing. You can even go with guy friends. Classic. See you freak boys later. I need sleep. It's now 0100. Time kid wakes up...0630. CRAP. ST

 What the fuck are you taking those for anyway? So, I went downtown today... Today was not the day to go. They will not move on prices. This is because it is payday and will not haggle on any prices. They know we got paid and they use that to their advantage. I guess I will go again next week when they think everyone is broke. wow, I am sitting here, stairing at my computer with nothing moving in my mind. I guess that means stop blogging.

 So, what's wrong with stick men? You got something against stick men? Huh, stick man? Is St John's Wort supposed to make you jittery? I feel kinda jittery. I was looking up some info on it and found a funny little snippet (yes, I said snippet). The site is: urlLink here . This is the snippet (said it again): "Other studies conducted recently have found no benefit from the use of St. John's wort for certain types of depression. For example, the results of a study funded by Pfizer Inc., a pharmaceutical company, found that St. John's wort, when compared with placebo, was not effective for treating major depression (Shelton, et al. JAMA, 2001)." Let's see here. A study conducted by a drug company finds that a drug alternative isn't effective. Why would they find that? Maybe because they want to sell DRUGS?! Duh! Stupid, stupid. I don't know if the study was skewed or not in favor of the drug company but I don't tend to trust studies funded by an "interested" party. You know? I am going to go and be jittery now. Although, I must say, I do feel kind of mellow and on an even keel. Maybe next time I won't take 4 at once. Do you think that when they say "3 a day" they want you to spread them out or take them all at once? I took them all at once and even added a fourth for good measure. What?! Grandma used to always add a little extra sugar for "good measure" when she baked, right? So just back off! ST

 I Bolded the ones that I like the best 40 things Southerners Won't Say.... 40. Oh I just couldn't. Hell, she's only sixteen. 39. I'll take Shakespeare for 1000, Alex. 38. Duct tape won't fix that. 37. Lisa Marie was lucky to catch Michael. 36. Come to think of it, I'll have a Heineken. 35. We don't keep firearms in this house. 34. Has anybody seen the sideburns trimmer? 33. You can't feed that to the dog. 32. I thought Graceland was tacky. 31. No kids in the back of the pickup, it's just not safe. 30. Wrasslin's fake. 29. Honey, did you mail that donation to Greenpeace? 28. We're vegetarians. 27. Do you think my gut is too big? 26. I'll have grapefruit and grapes instead of biscuits and gravy. 25. Honey, we don't need another dog. 24. Who's Richard Petty? 23. Give me the small bag of pork rinds. 22. Too many deer heads detract from the decor. 21. Spittin is such a nasty habit. 20. I just couldn't find a thing at Walmart today. 19. Trim the fat off that steak. 18. Cappuccino tastes better than espresso. 17. The tires on that truck are too big. 16. I'll have the arugula and radicchio salad. 15. I've got it all on the C drive. 14. Unsweetened tea tastes better. 13. Would you like your salmon poached or broiled? 12. My fiance, Bobbie Jo, is registered at Tiffany's. 11. I've got two cases of Zima for the Super Bowl. 10. Little Debbie snack cakes have too many fat grams. 09. Checkmate. 08. She's too young to be wearing a bikini. 07. Does the salad bar have bean sprouts? 06. Hey, here's an episode of "Hee Haw" that we haven't seen. 05. I don't have a favorite college team. 04. Be sure to bring my salad dressing on the side. 03. I believe you cooked those green beans too long. 02. Those shorts ought to be a little longer, Darla. 01. Nope, no more for me. I'm drivin tonight.

 I read your song of the day and I immediately go and download it if I don't have it. I then hear it and am listening for what you are feeling that day. I feel all squishy inside after that knowing "This is Mungo's song of the day" Okay, so anyway, ummmm ya.... I think I like Bubbles without and internet connection better. He blogs more often. But he called me a name that none of us have used for me in a long, long while.... WTFO?? I think he listened to my ex-wife too often or something. Either that, or when he came down to Houston listened to my family. That my friends, was a great time, even though ST was not there. Now I am going to be the one left out. We seriously have to make plans for another hook-up time for the future. Just the bro's. ST, I love your wife and OO you have a wife, but we all need to meet in something like Montana or Vancouver or something where we can either camp or party with just us 4 being there and no relatives anywhere around. On the flip side, I need coin designs. This is something I have thought about doing for a while since I got here and I am going to do it. A coin for the bro's. I will cover all costs but I am not artistic. Creative, but not artistic. I was thinking along the lines of our names all on one side with some design with our career field badges since it is the AF that brought us together (Mx, 1C5, 1C5D). On the other side it would have something to do about camping or biking or both. I would like full color ones and I am willing to spend some cash for this. If you have an idea or have someone that can draw it up, email it to me. This will happen, but hopefully you will not rely on my skills to make it happen or we will have stick people on the coins or something like that. Do y'all all like that idea?? later bro's

 I will be honest. I don't ever check out the songs that you put at the bottom of your posts. I do, however, like to see what you are posting there. It will be cool to go back and see what you were thinking about on a certain day. You know, when the book comes out. Speaking of books. When are we going to be able to get a copy of yours? Just wondering. I will write more later. Adios, ST

 Okay, that's my joke. I thought it was funny. I just got off the phone with Mikey. Always good to talk to the bros. Eddie, one of these days I'd like to get up with you on the phone, but to do any kind of serious talk, I'd have to have time at work to do that, and lately with my AWOL airman, others on quarters, another getting an Artical 15 for his 4th "alcohol related domestic abuse incident," training matters, time doing my ACTUAL job, and loafing.... I just don't ever have any time. But one day soon, me hopes, I have your digits in a drawer at my desk. I don't have a whole lot to say. Other than the Super Bowl Party I'm going on on Sunday, I have intentionally made NO plans for this weekend. I want a quiet weekend, I want to be alone. I need Mungo time. We all do, we all need time to slowly push the "reset" button. This is my time to do just that. Like I just told Mike, I'm going to eat some potato salad out of the fridge and watch a movie. I have 30 minutes left in a Robert DeNiro movie called, "The Mission." It's old and good. Peace and Love, Mungonator Song of the Day: Clem Snide "Nick Drake Tape" PS--do you guys EVER check out these songs? Or am I gratifying only myself?

 im in coots again. my buddy tony is a "Coots-A-Holic". but its all good cause he buys me drinks. I believe that everyone has my e-mail at work, so feel free to email me there. Dave, be sure to get it from the others. I havent been able to get my internet back on line. im trying my best to save the money to get down there to vegas. i have the money to get there, i just would like to have some spending money if you know what i mean. work is good. jewels is good and so is the little Lis. my bills are still comming along good. i will be working like a bastard for the next few weeks to make sure that everything is caught up. I talked to The Mungonator today for a while. we had a good talk about what's going to happen in vegas. here is the plan. to fly down on a oneway ticket and drive back to AK with him. Its going to rock. Im interested in what i should bring? camping gear? a speedo? or anything else that might be helpful. give me your thoughts. Im open to negotiations and concerns. Hope everyone is doing well and i think about you guys everyday. I hope it touches you like i touch myself everyday. LOL. hope to hear from yall soon, Double O

 Hey, at least I got the first two right. And you know what, it's the NIGHT LIFE I remember the best. Some pretty crazy freaks, boy, I tell ya! Northern Lights works out too.

 I am about to take off and drive around this huge city and see what kind of trouble I can get into. Maybe I will find some great pictures to take. Yes, Mungo, I still need to put my CO pics up so you can see them. I am a bad bad person. Or just lazy...however you want to look at it. Our $10 a day internet ends today at 3pm. I am not sure if we are getting it for another day or not. I will post if we do. Otherwise I will just post tomorrow (Fri) when I get home. Later you little sluts. ST

 We have a winner... ST remembers what VINL stands for... Mungo, it is pathetic that you don't remember since about 80% of our off time was spent there.

 Villiage Inn Northern Lights

 Village Inn Night Life? That's the best guess I have. I think it would be the awsomist thing ever to have you two come up and visit us in AK. That would be sweet. (I segregate YOU TWO and US because we all know Double O never checks this damn thing.) Anyway, I have the first mission of the day tomorrow, I have to be up and awake by 0500 so I'm gonna puss out now at 9:17 p.m. and go to sleep. peace and love, mungo PS I haven't defragged my hard drive in 798 days.

 I rember the drive... what I was awake for anyway. It was on fire when I got to go through it. The Stinking Rose rocks. That place has awesome food. We saw Tori Spelling there to. Not impressed by her though. So, I was thinking.... Is anyone gonna want to get together when I get back from the Big K. This more applies to OO and Mungo, since ST has my car and it is obvious I am going to see him. If not, I guess it looks like ST and I will have to go to AK at some point in time. VINL has been calling our names since we have left. I am chatting with Mungo right now and nothing exciting is happening so I can't think of anything to write about. Outtie

 Where did everyone go? I am in California now and the weather is great. Traffic sucks. Hotel room is nice. I am hungry. The drive was very uneventful and boring. It took about 4.5 hours to get here so I can't complain. Eddie remembers how ugly the drive is. I have a couple of hours to kill before Beck finishes her training for the day. I think we might head into Beverly Hills to eat dinner at the Stinking Rose. I think it is going to become a tradition when we come to LA. The only downside to driving to B.H. is the drive itself. Rush hour LA traffic. It will probably take at least an hour and a half to get there and about an hour just to get back (less traffic on the home part). It costs $10 for 24 hours of internet! Rip off and a half. Yes, I could have done the AOL free trial thing but then I would have been stuck with dial up. I think Beck will get reimbursed anyway so I am a surfing fool. I will talk to you guys later. ST

 Lets do those dates. The only thing I have is that I can't take all that time off. I will only be able to take that first week off. The second week I will have to work so you guys will be on your own there as far as stuff to do. I was under the impression that 007 would only be able to take 10 days max. I am so excited about hanging out! Yes, I wish Eddie could make it but I understand 100% why he isn't going to. I went to bed late last night and got up early this morning. I am dragging a bit right now so I don't have much to say. Talk to you ho's later. ST

 I now officially feel left out. Not that it is y'all all's fault. But it makes me want to reconsider. However, I won't. The time with L is more important to me. Bummer that the course was hit. I guess that means I will have to go to Korea to golf.... oh wait.... I made the drive from AK to Houston in 5 days and that is 5,000 miles. You can make it if you are willing to drive that much a day. But you have to hope that the second time around the bumper doesnt fall off since it is hanging by the screws in the license plate bracket. I had my pre-eval mission today. Everything that could go wrong, did. Airspace issues, late takeoffs, slow system, crazy ass Koreans... you name it, it did it, with the exception of an IFE... that will probably happen during my eval. I should be qualified sometime next week at the latest then it is into MQE... more training so I can control CAS missions. Then, after that, instructor upgrade training. After that, I will be good to go. Man, this place sucks. Eddie

 Gents, Well, mostly Mikey, I just got off the phonezilla with the man. The Bubble. The O Dub. We talked about the September 2004 calender. He says that he can leave AlAskA when he gets off work on Saturday the 4th. Chill on vacation. Then fly back two Friday's later, the 17th. We discussed the possibilities of him driving with me up to AK. But! Nope. It's nearly 3,500 miles and he just doesn't have the week it would take to get there. SO: 4SEP - 17SEP :HOW'S THAT LOOK? Hokay! Peace and Love, Mungo de Bungalow

 A tornado touched down on Tyndall AFB this morning. Unfortunately it hit the base's most precious resource...that's right the F-00 Gulf Course. Regards, Mungo

 "Exposing what is mortal and unsure to all that fortune, death and danger dare, even for an eggshell. Isn't there something in that? Quite apart from God--though of course God would be a reason for it. Isn't there something in living dangerously?" -- Aldus Huxley 'A Brave New World' Gentlemen, I don't know what is going to happen in my future. I spent much of this week in a state of drunkeness to avoid that exact question...it has become a source of spiked stress and depression. I do not know where I will be one year from now, but I have many ideas, many plans, and much of what I have in mind would certainly qualify as 'living dangerously.' That much I do know, what I do not know is what about me is as fragile as an eggshell...but I'm sure I'm soon to discover the answer to that exact question. Mike. Have you updated your webpage with the CO pictures? I can't find them there if you have. I really want to see them! Song of the Day: Soul Coughing "Walk Around In Circles"

 This week should be fun. Beck is headed to CA for some work training. She will be gone Mon night until Fri morning. I am going to overnight on Mon so I will be home early on Tue to watch the kid. I am going to take off on Wed and drive to LA to meet Beck. Amy will watch Ashlee for a couple of nights. While Beck is in training on Wed and Thur during the day I am going to head out and take pictures around LA and maybe the beach. I hope to get some pictures like the ones from CO. I am excited about just being able to run around LA and not have to worry about anyone except myself. Should be fun. One of the nights Beck and I want to go to the Stinking Rose for dinner. Yummy! I think that it will be a great time not having to look after Ashlee for a couple of nights. Beck may go a little nuts since she won't see Ash for 4 nights in a row and I will only miss her for 2 nights. I am sure that we will survive. We will drive back on Fri. I may not be a blogging fool this week. I will be taking the computer and hotel has high speed internet access so I might be on with some quick hello's and updates. I am home most of the day on Tue so I will jump on then. Talk to you fools later. ST

 Swearingin was here, at Tyndall, when I got here. I am now filling the NCOIC position he filled in my flight. Apparently he's a bad NCO too, not just a bad controller. So, the shitty AWO, what's his name? If he's still an AWO that means he graduated not too long ago, right? Perhaps I know him. Maybe, Eddie, instead of trying to make life hell for him, you could take him under your wing, nourish his failed controlling skills with words of wisdom, compassion, and caring. Turn him into the best damn controller in the Air Force. I bought $73.13 worth of groceries about 20 minutes ago. I saved $2.06 by using my Winn*Dixie card. The check out girl said, "Oh! You can buy a new car now." On February 6th, 7th, and 8th I will be hiking somewhere. We will be camping two nights. Don't know where we're going yet, and it's really hard to find anything down here. I have a lunch at Wingos that says The New England Patriots will win the Super Bowl next weekend. This guy, Kush, is betting everyone and anyone who says The Carolina Panthers will lose. That's an easy lunch. If I can get my scanner working I'll send you guys a picture of Hillary and I...IF I can get it working again. I have a brass bell with a fish handle.

 So I did absolutely nothing of note this weekend. For the most part just sat around and watched movies or played PS2. I was going to go out with this one chick but she ditched me. Ya well, she said it was because she didn't know where my room is, and this may actually be true, just because unless she is stalking me, she didn't know where my room is. She does now so who knows. Fucking women. I smell a game here, and I hate games. No changes for me for September. Still planning on taking leave in Dec. It is my year to have L for B-day, X-mas, and N-Year (figured I shortened everyhing else, so why not New Year too.) Early morning mission for me today. I say early, because if we are at work and actually working by 0900 that is early. I have to be at a brief at 0800 over at a fighter squadron. I am red air against a shitty AWO. This dude sucks, so it is time to show him how the E's do this shit. I must get at least one kill. It is my goal to make there debrief a living hell. I am also already being told that I will be an instructor shortly after I get upgraded. Fuckin woopididoo!! I told them that I didn't want to instruct and was told "your going to instruct because we are going to need you to fix the fuck ups that our instructors are doing now" Nice... incompetent instructors. Of course, one of the instructors is Swearingen from AK. You may remember him as Booger. Yes, the one that had his finger up his nose to the second knuckle at most times. He was a shitty WD back then and still is today. I think my DOS is 12 Jan 06. This will put me at 9 years 4 months and 15 days. This will also be 9 years 8 months and 3 days after I had graduated highschool. Damn, this makes me feel old, but at least I am not as old as ST. Anywho, it is time for me to start getting ready for work. Eddie chillin... literally... it is like 10 degrees outside...

 Mikey, Sounds like you're having a great time. Eddie, Have there been any changes to your plans regarding next September? Both, When do you guys get out of the AF (if that's the way you choose)? This weekend has been kinda wierd. Because of all the things going on at work this week, I decided a complete departure from The Norm was called for. So, on Friday, I bought some Tequilla and jumped off my private fishing peer. Last night, Saturday, I played 25 games of pool and got a ride home from an off duty chick cop. But, other than that, nadda in the Bay Area. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: Tegan and Sara - "Living Room" (highly recommended download!)

 So...Beck went off and left me with the kid for the weekend. Her and a friend went for a girl's weekend out. It is only from Sat morning until Sun morning. Ashlee and I went to I-Hop for breakfast and chowed down on some pancakes. Yes, just the two of us went and we had a great time. I don't care if the people sitting around us thought I was odd for having full conversations with a 1 1/2 year old kid. Okay, so maybe it is a little strange to pretend like she knows what I am talking about and answers me back. What's the big deal? We then went to Best Buy and looked at everything. I was given odd looks from the employees as I left my daughter sitting in the cart and walked around the isle saying "Where is Ashlee? I can't find Ashlee!" while I looked behind boxes and at the ceiling. I would then turn and run at her yelling "There she is! I am going to get her!". She was laughing and screaming so much that I think some people came to see if I was abusing her. What is wrong with a Dad making a fool of himself for the enjoyment of his daughter? Huh? What is wrong with that? Well, back off then! Geez! Our next stop was Discount Tire so I could get the truck tires balanced and rotated. I was getting sick of the shimmy at about 65-70 mph. It took about an hour and Ashlee was absolutely wonderful! Once we made it home Ashlee didn't want to eat so I gave her a ride in her wagon then we watched Shrek for awhile. When nap time rolled around she was so worn out that she slept for 3 hours! I had to wake her up. Breakfast had been such a sucess that I figured that I would give Applebees a try for dinner. That was also a sucess. We had a great time and shared some ice cream after our dinner. Yummy. She is now sleeping soundly in her bed. I think it may be time for me to catch some z's. ST

 Yeah, my camcorder is 2000 or maybe 1999. I am sure that I want to get out as well. The only way that I would stay in is if something really bad happened and I didn't have much of a choice. I can't think of what that would be though. Eddie is online. I will talk to him now. ST

 Yup..... this don't supprise me Mungo. ST, what the hell was that crackhead thinking? And they wonder why SSgt's at 9 + years are getting the fuck out... well, there is your reason. When I get to Hill it should be interesting. I already have an attitude of "What the fuck are you gonna do to me?" It will probably be worse when I get there. I will have to mention one person from there on my resume' but that is about it. Other people will probably be one of you, LtCol Mike, and someone from back home... gotta add variety to the peoples. So what I am really trying to say is "Fuck them". Dude, I spent over an hour and a half looking at dark tips last night, well this morning for y'all... but anyway, they tell a lot of different shit on there. Don't you have a pre 1998 Sony??? Peace my Brethren. Eddie

 urlLink TechTV | Dark Tip: X-Ray Camcorder Time to tear up the camcorder and go to the beach!

 So.....AFTER SrA Parker's Enlisted Performance Report (EPR) becomes a matter of record I was called into the commander's office with the Chief, the Director of Operations ((DO), and two of the Assistant Director of Operations (ADOs). Each of them apologized (at the commander's order) that I wasn't consulted with the rating changes and that they didn't follow Air Force instruction (AFI). Their reasoning: "We didn't want to cause further delay on and EPR that was over it's suspense already." The fact that it was over it's suspense is due to their oversight. I was told I wouldn't even have to write this thing in the first place, that the directorate staff would handle it. So I took all that time off when Hillary was here. I got back to work on 08Jan04 and a MSgt tells me: "I don't know where the hell you think you've been, but your EPR is 9 days late! It was highlighted in front of the O-6 this morning." So, somehow, all this became my fault. I took 8 inputs and transformed them into 18 lines on the EPR in 4 hours. That was a furious 4 hours. And then you know the rest there. They didn't like the 4 I gave her, changed my rating and the rater's rater rating (RRR), destroyed all hard copies of the EPR I had, the stupid fucking Justification Paper we have to write (explaining why we feel anything less than FIREWALL on the front side is warranted) was destroyed and rewritten, and several of the actually bullets were changed. Numbers were buffed up (such as: 236 hours became 650 hours), lines were added to include volunteer work that had never been done (she had zero hours of volunteer work in the last year) and my "mark-downs" on the front were changed. And of course, fuck me, I can't prove a damn bit of it. So I got an apology off the record and a "strong encouragement" to drop it. Guys, I almost wish I had another shitty airman whose EPR was due in like, two weeks. I'd do it right this time. Unfortunately, I don't. But that one will be due in July...one month before I'm outie. Mungo

 Yeah Mungo, you must explain. Let us have the skinny. I had a MSgt flip out on me this morning. I was given a tasking yesterday to update the unit web page with some information. This MSgt that had nothing to do with the tasking decided how he wanted it done. I politely suggested that we wait and see exactly how the big boss wants the information presented. NOT a good thing to say. MSgt got really excited and started telling me that this is how it should be done and that I should be proactive. I continued to explain that all we would be doing is creating more work by doing something that was just going to have to be undone if the boss didn't want it that way. I just wanted to wait for the official tasking. MSgt went home for the day. So I made up the page EXACTLY the way that the boss told me to. It was run up the chain and I got an email from the Commander thanking me for a great job. Of course, the way they wanted it done was opposite of what MSgt was saying. So, today comes around. MSgt sees the work that I have done and starts going off about how I didn't do it right and that some critical information is missing. He was already excited and I haven't had the chance to even get one word out. I was PISSED! I told him that instead of getting mad right away why didn't he just ask me why it was done this way. "Well, why the fuck is [sensitive information] missing from the page!?" I got mad and said that I did exactly what the boss said. It was run up the chain and approved so don't jump on me for it! He lost it. I simply told him that I didn't want to talk about this anymore and that we should wait until my supervisor came in to discuss this. He just wouldn't shut up! I was called a cocksucker at least twice among other choice words. Finally he told me to get in the office. (yes all this was in an open environment). I said that I wanted to wait until my supervisor came in. "Get in the damn office, that's an order!" So I asked another MSgt who had been watching it all to come in too. I wasn't about to go in alone. He just kept going off about how I wasn't professional and that I had better start showing respect to senior assholios...I mean senior NCO's. I just about jumped out of the chair! Me? Me? This bastard was telling me about being professional when I had not uttered one swear word that whole time? I laid in to him about it and finally he backed down on that issue a little. The other MSgt that witnessed it all had to tell him that he was the one that began the whole thing by going off. He told him that I had done exactly what I was told to do! Finally, ding dong calmed down and just told me to watch how I speak to senior NCO's in the future. I just about fell over. I got up and left the office. The rest of day went well. That is my story. May 2006 can't get here soon enough. See Ya! ST

 Okay dude... you gotta explain this one.

 Hey guys! What's happening!? Wow! What a great day! I love the Air Force! You know what!? I love forced appologies! They make me feel super-duper! They totally make up for every wrong that has been done! Wow! Exclaimation Point! Mungo! Song and Dance of the Day: Chief Billy Ray Melvin and the DO Staff - "Okay, Okay, We're Sorry (Shut Up and Color)"

 OK.... here is what I think of EPRs... they have 3 signatures on them. Yours, your supervisor and the CC. Other than that, they can not make you change a damn thing other than spelling errors. I have had this battle before and won. I had a troop that was worth shit. They told me to write an EPR and a dec on them. So I wrote the EPR with no intention of writing the dec. I wrote a 3. There was a huge argument between me and a captain about why I could or could not write this. Here is how it went: She said "you have nothing to justify a 3 EPR" I said "have you read the reg for EPRs?" That stopped her pretty cold right there. Then she decided to add "Well, If I wrote your EPR right now I could give you a 3" My reply... "You do what you have to do, but she is not getting above a 3 from me, if you don't like it, that is what the rater's rater block is for. You mark what you want and I mark what I want." So then she started about the dec "You cant write a medal with a 3 EPR" My response "Exactly!" At about this point she through her hands up and left the room. The EPR never ended up going through because the chick was getting out anyway all because of the 3. So the lesson is if you right a 3 you do not have to write an EPR... I HATE writing EPRs Fuck the Corporate world... BIATCH

 Mike and Eddie and (perhaps) Double O (if you read this).... A date in September would be an awsome thing for me to have. I'm not really on much of a time line here, but there are a few things I want to try to plan. Like my drive from Las Vegas to AlAskA. Just know this...Do Not Worry About Consulting Me!!! It doesn't matter. As long as we do thing after 1Sep04...I'm cool. ("No you're not, Dirt!" Mungie Ungie Undies

 Bros...it's too too too long of a story to even summarize here (it's a month long dealyo) but just know that I was 5 telephone buttons away from making and official I.G. complaint about my Chief, D.O, and CC. I reconsidered after many hours of deliberation with my supervisor, my directorate superintendant, and my first sergeant. They didn't talk me out of it, they just posed some very interesting points of view. Today, the Chief and I had a 2 hour "conversation" that ended my duty day. I didn't say a word. In a nutshell: He changed the rating of an EPR I wrote from a 4 to a 5 without telling me. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the Day: Neutral Milk Hotel "Two Headed Boy"

 I do one overnight and come back to a freaking novel. Sweet. I am glad to hear that Mungo has some prospects. Alaska would be fun! At least you have some options available to you. You are right about releasing pieces of our lives. Kinda sad. I guess there isn't much we can really do about it though. At least there is this blog which I think is much better than email since it is easy to follow. Also, the history is all right here at the click of a button. I am trying to read past posts so when I make the "book" it will be fun to read. My overnight was boring. This morning when I got into work my profile crashed and I couldn't work or do anything for over 2 hours. I just watched TV and drank some coffee while I ate my stack of pancakes. Today I got my weekly allergy shots and I am about to jump in Eddie's car and cruise up to base. I have to go to the education office and apply for tuition assistance. I really want to take this class. Intoduction to Criminal Justice. Completely online course. Wish me luck! ST

 "Here's a thought. Because none of us here are near to each other, and all we know of each other's lives is what we release piece by piece leaving the rest to our imaginations, I guess it doesn't much matter what I actually do for a living." --thas is what I said But this is how it should have read.... "We don't see each other that often, an even though we hear from one another five times a week, we'll never know everything about each other's daily lives. That's impossible. I could end up doing any one of these jobs, and could continue our communication in the exact same way." Mungo

 This is a typical statement at Coram's... they are racist pigs and I am supprised that you actually frequent this place. I think those dudes even rivalled Denny's for racism. Besides that... sounds like some interesting plans.... it kinda hurts a bit with the none of us near to eachother... I am hoping that you actually meant as far as the geographic sense. If you didn't, well then, Fuck You Too . Well... I had yet another mission cancel on me. Yup, I have been here for a month and a half and have yet to control on fucking live mission. This place is great. I really have nothing else to say and this has just been a negative fucking blog... so I think I will stop here

 Okay, like I said before, time will pass. It's a nasty habit of this existance of ours. It is now 4:14 a.m. I went there and wrote in my bouk. The only reason I'm not still there is because my waitress was overly generous with the coffee. On one hand, you'd think that constantly refilling a coffee cup is second best to have your very own pot on the table (that hasn't happened since the old VI days), but on the other hand, caffine has a way of moving ones boules. So I'm home... and having a great time. Mungo

 So, speaking of-a ma bouk... I plan on doing some writing in it this morning. Midnight has come and gone. It has completely passed me over for earlier hours of the morning. For the time being, it is 1:32 a.m. Time will continue on through the minutes and hours as I fritter and waste my time away. So, instead of doing that, wasting my time: I will, instead, take my notebouks to Coram's (Waffle House-ish) drink coffee, eat eggs and toast, and write small bits of this and that. I could do that here, but I'll only be distracted by everything in the world. Wanna read an excerpt from what I have so far? Do ya, STUPID!? (http://www.homestarrunner.com/sbemail93.html) Peace and Love, Mungo

 So, you want to know what I actually plan on doing when I get out for a job, huh? I'm also guessing you don't want a lot of sarcasm. Because, if you want, Eddie, I could lay it on pretty thick. Okay, so it's kind of hard thinking about this because I don't know where I'm going to end up next winter. I'll either be in Osage, Iowa, Dubuque, IA, or Anchorage, AK. So, here I go, I'll break it down in my three choices in acending order. 3. DUBUQUE, IOWA (of Sara Jean lore) - Americorps (temorary child tudoring jobs) - Be in a band 2. ANCHORAGE, ALASKA - Kitz Camera (in the Fifth Avenue Mall) - Bum (drinking Listerine outside the Wal*Mart on Northern Lights) - Be in a band 1. OSAGE, IOWA (most likely) - Press News (pictures/stories for Pops' paper) - Dayton Oaks (technically not in Osage, but in Dayton, Iowa) - Be in a band So, there they are, eight outstanding job opprotunities for Mungo. Each providing the nessessary implents of living the good life. The mostly likely choice I'll make is working at Dayton Oaks. (That's the camp I worked at before I joined the Air Force.) What I expect to do there is mere speculation and dictation on behalf of my imagination... so far, anyway. But what I want to do there is essentially what Jack Nicholson did in "The Shining." I'd be the care-taker of the lodge and the grounds durring the off-camping season. Before the snow falls I would also like to do some serious trail mending. There are 50 miles or so of interwinding trails along the Des Moines River valley there, and many of the longer trails have fallen into disrepair. It's a sad thing too. I will also petition State-Funding for the resoration of a stretch of the Old Chicago Railroad that traverses 8 miles of Dayton Oaks property. When not out on the trails I will be clearing snow from the roads, conducting minor maintanence, clearing fallen branches, sawing-carving-painting informative and directive signs to guide first-time and repeat vistors to their appointed locations of concern. Ho-kay, so, if I don't do that, I'll end up working for my pops at the Mitchell County Press-News once again. I had a wonderful time working for the newspaper. I would like to learn as much about the job as possible over the winter. Eventually, I would like to start my very own newspaper...and use it to warp and wash the brains of men and women world wide. Then again, I might just end up in the basement of my parent's house...locked away with a type-writer. I'll finish the book I'm working on now, and I'll carry my drafted manuscript with me everywhere. My hair will be old, and my eyes will be crazy, and my clothing will stop fitting...and I'll just be about as cool as anyone you ever saw. And these are my plans. I could go into greater detail about camera stores in AlAskA, I could speak to the concerns you'd all surely have about me bumming around downtown Anchorage, I could talk about my as-of-yet showcased talents as a rockstar, I could talk about tutoring chillins with the AmeriCorps.... but these things I'll leave to your imaginations. Here's a thought. Because none of us here are near to each other, and all we know of each other's lives is what we release piece by piece leaving the rest to our imaginations, I guess it doesn't much matter what I actually do for a living. Peace and Love, Mungo PS, I tried to keep sarcasm out, but, dems the breaks. Song of the day: The Counting Crows "Ghost Train (live from VH1 Storytellers)"

 I am happy for you bro. That is good that you found someone you enjoy spending time with. You are making a good decision too. Keep your head clear and focused on what your plans are for the months to come. Don't get out and have no plan on what you are going to do. I myself, would put in an application with the SLC PD today if I could. However, kinda hard to do an interview from Korea. So you never have told us what you actually plan on doing when you get out for a job. Just a bunch of sarcasm. "I am sensing sarcasm" "you should, because I am laying it on pretty thick" (Tommy Boy) L is back from AK and she got one of those Radio Flyer pedal cars. So now she is like the little radio flyer with her trike, wagon, and car. Man that girl is a spoiled brat. And Daddy is just going to add to that. There are some leather jackets that I have found for her over here. Each of them costing a whopping $25. Speaking of jackets... I go to one store to buy a flight jacket because I need one for my flight suit and the gortex looks gay with a flight suit... the old man tells me $100... I was like damn... They cost $125 from the envision store but this is Korea. So, we (Stasa Howells and I. Yes the chick from AK and ID that drove me insane but we became friends somewhere in ID...) but anyway... back to the shopping... We go to this other store, where incedently they make our patches for our suits... $25... same jacket... no differences.... man I love the shopping here. Don't love anything else, but at the least the shopping is cheap. I also found a place that will MAKE me a leather Dallas Stars jacket for $140. Yes, full up dimensions and everything. Very nice. I have seen some of his other stuff and he does a good job too. They take pride in their work here which is much different then many people you find in the US. If I go there on an off day and am the first one in the shop I could probably get the jacket for about $115. They have a superstition about not making a sale on the first person in their shop for the day. Also, a very bad time to return something. They will throw salt at you to wash away the bad spirits and no I am not joking. So anyway... that fucker ST has not given me his sizes for his fucking jacket. PUNK!!! Dueces (I have not used that one in a while... like 2 weeks or something) Eddie

 As much I want Hillary to move to Florida, as much as she wants to be with me here, as strongly as we feel towards each other, as much as we desperately want to be together, we've decided that she needs to stay in AlAskA. I will visit her there in June. I will visit again after the Vegas trip in Sept...(by the time I get there it will probably be October). And I may or may not stay there for the winter. Then, in the spring of 2005, we're going to hike the Appalachian Trail together! Guys, I found her! Mungo

 Since ST is now done playing with his large drill and big wood and contemplating getting a bigger drill... I don't know where I am going with this one... Mungo, do what you think is the right thing. We throw out our inputs, just to give you a broader spectrum to think about. I would say wait until she is out of college or at least at a good transfer point and you are established after the AF. But if it works out earlier, then hey, it works out. Nothing exciting for me on MLK day. Just ate Popeye's chicken and watched a movie. Real fuckin exciting. your MLK day is just starting as mine has just a few hours left. I go into work tommorow at 1545 my time. That is a lot of idle time between now and then. The hardest thing is going to be staying awake long enough to not wake up at 8 a.m. and be fuggerred up by the time I go to work. I will probably write more later just because of strait boredom. blah, blah, blah, Eddie

 Walking down the road with night following me closely I hurried into the nearest store. Dandies Candies, I believe. Yes, I think that was the name. Names and even faces seem to blur together lately. I can't really tell you why and I am not sure if I care. Probably just old age. Yes, yes. Back to my adventure. Dandies Candies. I hurried through the old wooden door which bore many scars from countless hands. I wonder how many people had pushed this particular door over the many years? I am sure that someone famous has passed through. Just think of all the hands and the history that goes with those hands! So where was I? Oh yes. I had just gotten home from work and Gloria was still cleaning the house. Hold it...I wasn't talking about that! What was I talking about? Screw it. It couldn't have been important if I can't even remember what it was....

 Look at Mungo acting all growed up! Man o man. Seriously though, good for you. I am sure that you will both be happy that you didn't just jump into it. I think that you would have been happy either way, actually. Planning out something that big make a lot of sense though. My monster shelf is coming along great. I have the first 8 feet totally done and the second 8 feet is 90% done. My only problem is that my drill is only 12 volts and dies WAY too fast and doesn't charge up fast enough. I think after I am done with this project I am going to get an 18 volt drill and use the 12 volt as a back up. If you guys are ever in the market for a cordless drill make sure to get the 18 volt one! I wanted to save some cash so I got the cheaper one thinking that I wouldn't need the bigger one....yeah right. For the most part I don't need the big one but when you need it you really need it! Learn from my mistake...the bigger the drill the better. (That didn't sound good at all) All is well in my world. I am off to shake it like a polaroid picture. ST just drilling his big wood!

 I think when I call her tonight I'm going to have to say no. It will cost a whole lotta money to move her here and I don't think either one of us could afford a move like that, the job market sucks down here, she just started a semester of school, she'd be leaving her current roomie alone, and there wouldn't be anywhere to put her stuff (that's not really a big deal) ...besides that, I'll be leaving here after the first week of August. I'm not saying I wouldn't love to have her near, not at all... I'm saying it's a huge step to take and I don't think either of us is ready or able for something like that. We are, however, both very willing to do it. Shucks, we'll see. Mungo Song of the day: The New England Patriots - "We're Going To The Super Bowl (And You're Not)"

 Today is Sunday and life is just fine. I will be building some shelf units in my garage that will hang from the ceiling. These will be built from scratch and be 16 feet long by 34 inches deep. I went to Home Deposit and bought all the wood and hardware that I will need. Needless to say, I am very excited about the project. I will let you guys know how it goes. Maybe I should eat some food now. Yep, I should. ST

 I just logged onto coots computer and thought id say hi. I just sent you guys an e-mail explaining the situation. i got the money from a buddy of mine at work and will be there in september. anyone got a date yet??? my work e-mail address is ajacobson@nac.aero. you can e-mail me that that address anytime. hope to yall are doing fine and look forward to hearing from each and everyone of my homies. later bros, double O

 There I go. . . . . . . TASTES LIKE CHICKEN AND SMELLS LIKE ASS! ST out (of my mind)

 You guys are great friends. Thanks.

 Ya know bro, I think I am going to once again have to agree with ST. Go for it. This should not come as any suprise though. The little things really are the key here. You also have to figure out things such as bills/food/chores. Let me give you a bit of Eddie's insight. Realizing this is slightly tainted, but hey... Is she going to have a job? Are you going to have a job when you get out of the AF? What is the plan for paying for stuff? The you buy your things I buy mine shit just doesn't work. Shit, even AJ and I just buy shit knowing the other is going to eat or drink some of it. Not a huge deal to us, but we both are respectful of the others stuff. We don't wipe out the fridge on eachother. Here is another aspect... If she does not have a job, what is she going to do during the day? Is she going to sleep until 1500 then go to bed at 0600? All things to consider... Now, honestly, she seems like she is probably a hard worker and this will NOT be a problem, but I only know of her what you tell us. As you know, you are the one we are concerned about. This goes back to the Andrea thing, as well as the Ashley thing, and the Willow thing... get the picture??? Just don't make any off the wall decisions. Like I said, go for it, if it is really what you want and I will back you all the way. I don't think there have been any time where we did not back you. We may not have agreed with you, but we have always backed your decisions. Just, for the love of God, make sure she doesn't have some fucking psychotic things that will drive you insane. As for her.... just make sure she knows your little quirks... i.e. napkin and knife thing. and the OCD shit... Good luck bro. Eddie

 Mungo, I can't believe you are going to hear this coming from my mouth but you are so get ready... Get her ass down there with you! If she can afford to move then get up on it! My only word of caution is this...step back for a sec. Is there anything and I mean ANYTHING about her that tweaks you or annoys you in even the smallest, tiny little way? Now, don't just yell out no. Think. You guys were all in love and crap when she was there and that can make you not really pay attention to little things that might bother you once you are living together. Things totally change when you have to live together. Her leaving clothes on the floor or dishes in the sink or not keeping CD's in alphabetical order...crap like that. Those examples may not relate to you at all but those little things become BIG when living with someone. Don't get me wrong. I am all for her moving. You should be able to tell if she has major issues by now. You are an expert at women and their issues so I am not even going there. You know better now so I trust that you are making a good decision with her. Just consider all the little things as well as the big before a major decision like moving in. Sorry this post is rambling and doesn't flow very well. My final thought and over all feeling about it is DO IT. Why not? Good luck and KEEP US INFORMED! ST

 Hillary has been back home in Anchorage for less than a week and we're already talking about her moving down here with me. Thoughts? Concerns? Raging incomprehensions? Mungo

 Dude, I am happy as pie for you! I am glad that everything went well with her trip and that you hit it off so well. Happy is good. Everything else going well? Not much going on here. Today I qualified with the 9mm and attended a class on security forces training. Augmentee type stuff. I will probably never augment but it seems like a fun and easy additional duty to have. I am going to start taking classes at UNLV so I can get my criminal justice bachlors degree before I get out of the AF. Speaking of classes...I have to go and sign up online! Later guys. ST

 Damn dude. Hillary lost her glasses. She thinks she left them here. I can't find them. That's the biggest thing on our minds right now. I think Wedding Invitations are a long way off, yo.

 My OJ has no pulp.... but there is the calcium additive. Football is good. I miss playing in the front yard with my brothers and occasionally my sister. Yes, my sister tried to play, and as Mungo knows, she is not a big girl. but she would try upon occasion anyway. I think it was just so she could hang with 4 out of the 5 brothers. The eldest of us never played. We didn't play touch though. It was full on tackle, the only exception was on the walkway to the house. Cement never felt good to fall on, and we were all pretty good about not killing eachother. GOOD NEWS!!! Pops MRI came back and it was nothing major. he is on some meds now, but it was not a stroke. However, the get together, will probably still not be in my future for this year. I would like to hook up with everyone, but timing sucks. I really, really, really want to spend a lot of time with L when I get back, and the only way to do that is to take the leave at the end of the tour. However, when I get to Hill, I am all for it. I will make time there. This also gives Bubbles some more time to save. Mungo, if you get the chance to go and hang with ST... GO FOR IT. Camping is a blast. Good to hear that everything is well with Hillary... don't forget invites and you had better not fucking do it while I am in the big K. I will have to shoot you. My first stop back in the states is LV, and I can pick up my guns there. Gotta run... work is calling....

 I played touch football today with some of the guys on my flight. Great time. I haven't played football since high school. I threw a touchdown pass. Just call me Peyton Manning. Wait, I'm guessing that in certain house holds he's the devil. Just call me Tom Brady. He da bomb squad. Anyway, we all had so much fun that we'll be doing this a lot in the future. Perhaps twice a week! Good times, good times. Tonight I'll be watching "Underworld" and "Pirates of the Carabian." My buddy Carl is bringing it over. I'm lending him a bunch of camping supplies for this weekend. He's camping out somewhere south of Tallahassee. And I'm kicking the cigarettes again. Goin' on two days now. Drinking lots of OJ. Peace and Love, Mungo PS...got pulp?

 Good OJ, Ya'll....I mean...Y'all. So, here's the dealyo. I am completely in love with this girl. Yep, it happened again. She didn't make it very hard on me. I guess I didn't make it hard on her, we're in love with each other. And it's wonderful. We didn't really do a whole lot while she was here. We played pool a few times with a bunch of my friends, we went out to eat at several restraunts (there's a new place called Mori's. Japanese food. I had sushi for the first time in my life and it was fantastic), we went out to the beach at night, we drank margaritas, beers, and wine but never got drunk, we read together, watched movies (lotsa movies), and all the other general kind of hanging out things. We went to the Panama Java (Eddie knows it) and drank coffee, ate scones, and read books for a few hours in the afternoons. So she likes most of the things I like, she has fun doing nothing, we like the same music and movies (yes...even all that crazy crap I listen to, she knows a lot of it!), and we both come from very loving families that support us all the way. I have spoken to her mother, father, and brother, and they were all very very cool about her staying here with me alone. In fact, her dad asked Hillary, "So, what have you two been up to...that you can tell me about?" To me, that means he knows and doesn't hate me. I'm happy, guys. I'm really happy. There is no pretense to our relationship at all. We've both admitted potentially embarrassing things, things that might end other (lesser?) relationships, and we're still happy. We're both jazzed. I am going back up to AlAskA in June. I will see her again then. I will also see Bubbles! And speaking of seeing Bubbles, I'm going to get out of the Air Force. I'm sure of it now. Unless the bonus goes up to a million dollars. So. I won't have a ton of money either, but I'll definitely have enough to get out to Nevada and travel around, camp, do all that stuff. For sure, I'm in. And if Eddie and Bubbles can't make it for their own reasons, I'd like to go anyway. Boys, I'm very optimistic about my future now. I'll be dept free when I get out, I'll have a bit of money saved up, I think I've got a girl that will be around for a long time, and I'll be a free man in less than 8 months. I'm also making great strides in my 2nd book. This one, as I think I've said before, will be over 800 pages...and right now, it's all in my head. Slow roasting. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: David Bowie - "Cactus"

 Here are some words. I can't blame you for not wanting to take leave, Eddie. I would do the same thing. How is going with Pops? Maybe this year is not such a good idea for getting together. Mungo isn't sure what he is going to do with the AF. Eddie should save his leave. We know 007 is in a financial bind since he can't afford any internet. I have a lot on my plate too. Let's just think about it for awhile. I have been up all night and I have a lot to do today. Woo Hoo. Talk to you freaks later. ST

 Ok... so here is the deal... I was having problems with the wireless network. i.e. it was working very slowly and did not like to connect to the router. My laptop still worked, so the access was still there, I just like being on the desktop better. So I reconfigured a bunch of shit, this was a trial and error type deal. I lost the connection on both at one time, but that was quickly resolved. It really sucks because they are both on the wireless system and configuring anything when you have no connection is.... well, impossible to change the router settings. But I figured out what I did and I was back to 1 working. Then after farting around for a few more minutes, EVERYTHING worked and it is now fast on the desktop again. It was a matter of changing thresholds and channels. I don't know why the thresholds had anything to do with it, but changing the channel did. I understand the channel thing because some just work better than others in certain areas or how the router feels that day. Long story short, I can use the desktop instead of the laptop to make entries in the blog. Went to the optometrist today and, from what he said, my vision is getting better... don't fuckin understand that one since I have not worn my glasses in about a year. But I need them to pass the next flight physical so I got them, then went to the AAFES store and bought 2 more pairs than the standard look ugly AF glasses. (one sunglass, one normal) The ones they gave me were not BCG's though. Same style as I have gotten for the past 6 years of having to wear the fuckers though. They also told me I need my eyes dilated and my appt for that is at the end of this month. woo hoo. I will be basically blind for 4 hours and look like a fool with sunglasses on inside. I will have to bust out the Oakleys for that. Some cool points must be kept since I will probably be walking into shit all day. Something else I have now started is trying to get my hair back in my bald spot. I have started steroid shots in my head. The doc does not know how it will react yet... it may grow back... it may not. Either way, at least I finally got off my ass to do something about it. I test for TSgt on 25 Feb. I am not studying nor do I plan to study. I will try when the test comes, but no extra effort will be afforded to this cause. If I make Tech, then I will have to reconsider re-enlisting. This is why no extra effort is being put in. Mungo... it has been more than 12 hours since you have posted. I see how you are with promises. If there were psycho pussy on here you would commit to your promise. he he he..... Trying to get hairy again... Eddie

 I feel like my skull was removed and was punched directly in the brain. I'm going to bed. I'll be getting up early. I swear I have a lot to say. It's just been so crazy the last few weeks...sorry boys. You'll have something from me in 12 hours. I promise. Okay, so promises are stupid things to make. Peace and Love, Mungo

 Okay, Here is the scoop... Right now I couldn't tell you if I will be there or not. The situation with Pop's makes me not want to use any leave except for emergencies. Although my bro's getting together means A LOT to me, I do not want to be in the hole if I have to go and see my dad. I am really sorry that I can not commit. It would honestly be a great time and I do not want to miss it, but I think I am going to have to. Although, I will have L for X-Mas and new years this year, so I would like everyone to be able to see her. Right now, The only one garaunteed to see her is ST. That is just because he is near where I am going, not because I hate everyone else. With Calypso, I am not telling you to drive her more, but feel free to do errands with her whenever you want. The milage is far less than what I would have put on if I were there. Good to hear she is running good. I may have to give you money to put one of those bad ass exhaust systems on there. That would be cool. I think I will have the Saturn for a long time. I like to look at other cars, but I just can't find anything (in my price range) that I would want instead of that car. Where is the 24 hour update from MUNGO????!!!! anyhoo... peace Eddie

 I just want to do a sanity check for everyone about us getting together later this year. I am all for it but I have a couple of restrictions for myself. 1) I know that I am going to be tight on money since we are taking 4-5 vacations this year. Most are just weekend camping trips but that can cost $200+ with gas and food for us. In Oct (the month after our get together) we are going to Disneyland again for Halloween. We did this last year and it was a blast...it was also about $900+ not including tickets. My point is that I will have enough money to go camping for 3-5 days up in Utah but that may be about it. I will pay for the campsites and most of the gas since you guys all have to pay to get here I don't. 2) I don't really drink (maybe one beer every 3-6 months) so I won't be getting drunk. I don't think you guys will care but I just want to put that out there. You guys are free to party on...it won't bother me. Heck, I will be the DD if you want to go bar hopping here in Vegas. 3) I will only be able to take about 5 days of leave but if you add the weekends in there that is 9 days off. Of course, with military leave, I have to be in Vegas for the weekends but that is fine if we go camping during the week. That is about it. I just want to get what is on my mind out there so everyone knows what I am expecting. What are you guys thinking? Let's all be honest and REALISTIC (money wise) with what you guys want. If you don't even want to go camping then that is fine but it is probably the cheapest activity that we can do for 4-5 days. Post what you guys are thinking and then we can call 007 and see what is on his mind. Also, I want to make sure that everyone is really going to make it. Mungo will be out of the military so money might be a consideration there. Eddie is in big K so his leave might be a consideration there. 007 can be a bit flakey but he swears that he is going to be here and already has the money for tickets. 007 also said that he will be on a tight budget too...I am sure we all will. Okay, I am done rambling. Let's hear what you are thinking so we can all get on the same track. Later, ST

 Eddie, your car now has a whopping 25 miles on it since you left. I took it and drove up and down the freeway then to Starbucks for some coffee. I have driven it twice so far. I was worried that I haven't been driving it enough but it started right up like new. With it sitting in the garage I think that I will take it out once a month for a spin. With the new battery in it I don't think it really needs to be driven once a week like I thought it would. Now, if you want me to drive it more I can but I don't think it needs it and you can save a ton of miles this way. You might want to call your insurance and tell them your car is getting driven less than 1,000 miles a year and not being driven to work. You might save some cash. Mungo, still waiting on updates.... 007, you aren't on here so screw you! Ha! I can make fun of you and you will never know...unless you use someone else's computer or get internet again. Okay, fine, you are the coolest dude that I have ever met and I and honored to know you! Seriously though, I hope you are able to get back online soon. ST out

 i will catch you up in less than 24 hours!

 Our wonderful neighbors now have a big, loud dog. It barked all day yesterday and then all last night. Beck and I woke up at least 4 times to that stupid barking! Tonight I am going to have the phone right next to me and the neighbors address ready. That dog barks once after 10pm then I am calling the cops. I will call the cops every 30 minutes until that dog shuts up. I am also going to look up the law about dogs barking ALL day. I know there is some NV law about it since it is disturbing the peace. I will research...or just call the cops and ask. I think Beck is getting the painting bug. I am sensing that soon she is going to want to paint a room or something. I can just feel it. Today I am going to Best Buy to look around at neat stuff. I am also going to Wolf Camera to get a picture blown up to 11"x14". I can't wait to see how it comes out. Beck is going to church and Ashlee will go to the nursery for the first time. Beck is a little nervous about it. I am sure that she will be fine but I am kinda wondering how she will do as well. So, Mungo got a few extra days with his hottie. Cool beans. I still can't wait to hear all about the trip. Eddie sounds like he is just loving big K. Well, I gotta run. Time to stand on my head in the front yard and sing God Bless America really loud. ST

 ST remembers some bad trips... he he he... L is now in AK with her mom after they went to the airport 5 different times trying to get up there for the past 5 days. Not normally a huge deal, right... wrong. Trying to get a 3 year old to cooperate for packing/unpacking/packing is a hastle. Then she gets excited and ends up back in her house. Add in the fact that the airport is 40 miles away and just in general a pain in the ass, that adds to it. Is Hillary still leaving from Orlando? If she is, she should reconsider leaving from Panama City. Speaking of bad flights, that reminds me what my mom had to go through on 11SEP01... She was somewhere near TN when her airplane was told to land. She landed (well the plane landed anyway) then tried for 3 hours to get a rental car. Eventually she got it and drove back to Houston. This is not a short drive, and it was my mom by herself. I have no problems driving by myself, but I almost always have "something" with me when I am on the road. Needless to say, she made it home without any further incidents and I was, at that time, waiting to vector aircraft to start shooting down civilian planes. Damn, I can't believe that has been over 2 years ago. I really don't know where I was going with this blog....

 Hillary is still here. There has been insane weather in the pacific NW and no air planes were flying through. Enormous delays. On one hand I'm happy I get to spend more time with her, but on the other hand I feel real bad for her too. She's had terrible traveling experiances since she left AlAskA three weeks ago. We're about to roll out to do laundry. I'll talk to you badass gamer's later. Mungo

 I MADE IT... got the blog in before the next day with 30 Secs to spare.... So no ST.

 Vice city is one of the best games I have ever played. This is because you can do soooo much with it and listen to cool music while you do it. Email what is going on with your bro. Bummer from what it sounds like. I went to work all this week already... it was not fun. Last night I did base patrol. Volunteer thing that you basically make sure the drunks are not starting to much shit on the base. I ended up on the bus for 2 hours riding around and babysitting. No real good events as far as that goes. Saw quite a few cute chicks though. One was a definate hottie until she started talking. Then she was strait up thuggish. Ahh, well, I would still do her. She is friends with people in my squadron, so the hook up is halfway there. As far as Bubbles goes... I don't know. I just hope that he is doing alright with everything else.... job... marriage... kid... that kinda stuff. The DTV thing for your car is wild. though I would probably find this very distracting. I have enough problems paying attention when I am driving drunk, I don't need to be watching a football game at the same time while drunk and driving. Just kidding, the last time I drove drunk was when I was 17.... and that pretty much solved that issue of doing that again. Peace....

 I bought a new game pad for my computer today since my old one (over 5 years old) doesn't work anymore. My new one is the bombdiggity! I can now play Vice much better than before...woo hoo. I just talked to my Mom and she was telling me how my brother is causing her grief right now. I don't want to talk about it here but I hope it gets better. Not too much going on here. The weather is really nice with temps in the mid 60's! Beck and I might go to Utah the weekend of Jan 19 to see family. If we take the Foci Power then the gas is free and we can stay with someone as well. Overall it could be a really cheap getaway. Okay fools, am I going to be the only one to blog today? Just wondering. I think I am going to play some Vice after I get on Yahoo and see if you great guys are on. ST

 The cussing thing is going pretty well. I only slip every now and then and that is mostly at work...go figure. Sharing internet is illegal? HA! I can understand why they do that though. Every dorm would be one big network. Heck, if I lived in the dorms it would be one big wireless network and everyone could just pitch in for it. Knowing my luck though I would get busted for it. Oh well. At least it is Thurs (here). One more day until the weekend. I hate that first week back from a long vacation because it seems like I am lost for the first few days. Okay fine, I am lost all the time. I can't wait until Mungo writes all about the Hillary visit. I have missed his creativity on here as well. Mungo...We love you! 007 and no freaking internet. I wonder what happen to his finances to make him resort to getting rid of the wonderful weird web? I guess it is best not to discuss it on here. I am actually starting to play GTA Vice more. Well, when I have the time. It is kind of fun although VERY violent. Oh well, I look at it like a rated R movie but I get to control the main character. Yesterday, Chris was in town and we all went out to dinner. Aimee couldn't come down since he was just here for the CES convention. Speaking of CES (Consumer Electronics Show...biggest convention in Vegas) I saw some cool crap. They are coming out with Direct TV for your car and it will have high speed internet, up to 10 phone lines, pay per view and all that jazz. I can only imagine how much that will be when it comes out in the next two months! I am off to mess around for awhile. Later. ST

 I am now set up with a wireless card attatched to the back of my desktop. This is because "they" say that sharing an internet connection is "illegal." This is complete bullshit but the UCI is coming up for the base and I dont want to lose a fucking stripe for an obvious thing... thats why I got the Wireless... so you can not tell by just looking. This was however a huge ordeal. I fought with the fuckin thing for about 2 hours then finally gave up, changed some shit one last time, shut the computer off and 2 hours later turned it on and it worked... Who knows what the hell I or the computer did to make it work, but it works now so I dont care. Anyway... other news... O'Reily slammed on A&F about their porno in the catalogs urlLink http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,105388,00.html Personally... I think that kicks ass... i love that show. Also, I had my medical inprocessing today and I am taking Cypro... yes the drug to kill anthrax. I have to "ground test" it to make sure I don't have any allergic reactions... basically I am a big fucking guiney pig. ST, How is the no cussing thing going? Can you still say "Lick....My Balls??" its all about the LMB... yup, thats right LMB, baby, L...M...B. I am outta here

 I had my overnight. This morning I got my allergy shots on the way home and then remembered that I needed to replace the AC filters in the house so I stopped at Home Deposit. While at HD I remembered that I needed to fix the toliet paper holder the upstairs bathroom since someone had ripped one side out of the wall. I also bought a new flapper for the downstairs bathroom since the chain broke on the old one...it was actually a plastic strap and not a metal chain (cheap builders!). I got everything done. Flapper replaced with one that has a real chain, toilet paper holder now has bolts that can hold 90lbs each (stupid thing is staying on now!), and the filters are replaced. I alway feel good when I get crap done around the house that needs attention. Now Beck is talking about painting our room! SHOOT ME NOW! I will have to get to playing Vice some more. The pics from CO came out amazing. There is one sunrise picture that I think could easily be in a gallery....the sky looks like it is on fire. I will get them on the net soon. Eddie...where are your pics? Huh, fool? Stop eating that McDoggie burger and get on it! Later guys, ST

 Mungo... I could take that teaser places you don't want to know. And by the way... it is spelt "y'all" 2 sylables you fuckin yank. and y'all all is plural. ST, once you start getting further in the game, you get to own a mansion, a club, and a strip club... plus some other stuff too. I took my Korea driving test today and got a 97%. It was basically the same as a US one, but had odd fucking road signs on it. Like "no taking shit in street" sign. not literally, but they have a sign for damn near everything. Way more than the easy signs we have.... although theirs are real easy too and funny. Got to go to gym in about 2 hours then off to work for a 1700 to 2300 shift. I am eating Korean McDonalds right now.... tastes a lot like the US. Not much difference at all other than the medium drink is the size of a small and the small is like one of those sips of OJ that they use to sell. ahh well.... back to eating. peace out mutha fucka's

 This is the last day of Hillary's visit. I am sorry for not bloggin' more, but... I will blog my little heart out on Thursday, after work. I will fill ya'll in on the last week or so. TEASER: Had some great sushi!!!! Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: Tortiose - "The Reason"

 I just noticed that you were the only one to blog yesterday, Eddie! Did you know that? I was busy being pissed at the Bronco game! Man that sucked big ones. They must have attended the Raiders School Of Football. There were some unhappy people in my house yesterday. I have been playing around with the flight sim 2004. Cool game. Can you really call it a game? There isn't really an objective except to not crash. Neat to play with none the less. Vice City is fun even though I haven't really played the game yet. I have just been messing around killing people and stealing cars (crashing the cars is more like it). Tomorrow I have my overnight so I won't be blogging. I will find a way to survive...I hope. I may blog again later tonight if I have something to say. Talk to you freaks later. ST

 I am beginning to wonder if the crack has lost it's addiction once again. Why was I the only one to blog yesterday. SLACKERS I like chicken

 I just once again improved my time on the 1.5 to 12:57!!! I am liking this. :30 each time improvement I can do. However, I think I am going to hit a wall here shortly. But hopefully not. The overall score is around 84 now I think. Talked to Mungo today on yahoo. That was good.... what color is his hair now?? Well, time to get ready for work. Eddie, smokin' a bowl

 I sat around all day today. Watched "Happy Gilmore" and played on the PS2. I was going to do laundry, but everyone does laundry on Sundays. So it will wait until tomorrow. ST, think of it this way... you saved more than you would have spent on the necklace!! Mungo, any other road trips planned or are you gonna spent the rest of the time in lower Alabama? I am tired and it is about bed time. Later

 I wasn't really sure what to get Beck for her B-day this year. I finally made up my mind on a nice necklace for $200. Then, out of nowhere, an idea popped in to my head. So I went over to the sports store where they sell team jerseys, hats, mugs and some signed stuff. I wanted to see if they had any Broncos stuff. I looked at the helmets hoping not to see one with the Broncos logo on it. Well, I didn't see one...at first. As I was walking away something caught my eye...yep. I was now hoping like mad that it wasn't signed by John Elway. I go into the store and ask who signed it. The lady gets it down and hands it to me...John Elway. I have to look at the price even though I already knew I was buying it since Elway is next to God in this house. Price: $799. So long story longer... I walked out of the store with an Elway helmet, a 16x20 framed and signed picture of Clinton Portis, a really nice glass case for the helmet, a orange/blue street sign that reads 7 John Elway Dr. and my wallet $1030.00 lighter. On the plus side, I did get the $140 case for free, the $40 street sign for free and I didn't pay any sales tax on anything for a total savings of about $270. Needless to say, Beck was quite shocked! She has been wanting a helmet signed by Elway for over 9 years. I think the Portis photo will be worth something someday since he is pretty good. I am worn out and I am going to play my flight sim for awhile and then hit the sack. ST floating on cloud 9.

 Hillary and I didn't end up leaving the state. We stayed. Last night we shot pool and played pool with several of my friends. And tonight we're just going out for some food. I'm going to make some margaritas later. I've got a kick ass blender. That's really all that's going on. Short and sweet. Oh ya, I wrote Double O a letter and I'm going to send him a box of burned CD's that I don't listen to anymore. That's all I got! Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: Clem Snide "Joan Jett of Arc"

 I have just finished sorting and saving the 149 pictures that I took in CO. I must say that I took some wow bangers! Yes, yes, the family pics are all the same...family. While in CO I got a few sunrise pictures that are bomb diggity! Also, when we visited the town of Cripple Creek which was a mining town in the 1890's I got some pics of old falling apart houses. I will take these pics and make a series of 3 or 4 sepia houses and frame them in one frame. I will get the pics up on my website in this weekend for you to see. I am not sure that Beck will wear clown paint but I can guarantee she will flip out over her present! I went a little nuts. I don't want to say here what she got in case she see this. I will post more when she opens them...I am sure to win Husband of the year for 2004. Later guys, ST

 So is beck going to wear clown paint tomorrow?? Mungo, You like making your life hard don't you. Probably the most intelligent amoung us and this mother fucker sets his ambitions on being a hobo. Of course he is the most wacked of us as well... maybe that is part of it. Just don't visit smellin of sardines and boones farm. The title is funny. I like reading the caption on the side of the blog to see what quote you pulled out of the blog too. Rush guitarist in jail... that is interesting. I like the band, but if he would have pushed one of my partners down the stairs he would have gotten a beating with an ASP. Anyway peeps, my day is going to be filled with fun and excitement.... I am going to the post office to check mail that is probably not there. Walk a mile up hill both ways in the freezing cold to an empty box. Okay so the freezing cold and up hill parts are an exageration, its actually a nice day out today. Blue skies and sunshine. Eddie walkin the mile....

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Rush Guitarist Arrested on New Year's Eve

 So. Life after the Air Force? Funny you should ask. I've been thinking about that subject a lot lately and only last night did I finally come up with the answer. Yes, I am going to do my walk across NORTH America, but what then? I'll tell ya. I have decided to be a hobo. Jumpin trains, drinking port, gettin' thrown in the slammer, wear clown make up on my own birthday...all those things! No time for a job when I'm that busy, you know? So much to talk about. So little time. Hillary and I just got up, we're headed out into town. I think we will keep going right on through to Virginia. Who knows? Mungo

 It was nice to sleep in my own bed last night. It wasn't nice to hear my kid crying at 0700...better than 0500, I guess. I have to go shopping for Beck's B-day gift today. I would hate to have tomorrow get here and not have her box wrapped in paper. After the AF? I don't know. TRW (look into the pay, might be worth it), Police, Post Office. get a civilian job where I am at now, or bum. Those are the choices. We shall see. I have to eat some breakfast now...see you fools later. ST PS. Blogger title okay? I can change it if you like.

 Good to hear that you are home safe and had lots o' fun. From what I understand, that # is busy a lot... but hey, it's free, so what can you expect. I did absolutely nothing today, or yesterday for that matter. I sat on my ass and played video games. Not real exciting and actually quite a bit dull and boring. I think I may actually get my happy ass to the gym tommorow since it has been about 4 days since I last ran. Laziness factor kicks in with the holidays, but at least I know I will be going 3 times a week again starting next week. Training sucks ass. It is taking the 4 people ahead of me entirely too long to get there shit done and learn what the fuck they are doing. I don't understand these dudes here. If you had an experienced controller, would you not want to get that person upgraded first then work on the new people out of tech school?? ah, well, fuck em... less work for me. So ST, have you thought any more about what you are doing after the AF life? Mungo, same question, and include what you plan on doing after the walk across the US. (you have thought of that, right???) I, myself, am sticking with my plan of being a popo. I like guns, doughnuts and coffee, so I am half-way there. I think it is about time for a title change to the blog, however, I have no good inputs at this time. I am sure Mungo can think of something funny for a title. Later yo's Eddie

 Yes, I am home. We came home a day early because of the weather forecast. It was supposed to snow everywhere so we bailed early. Trip home was uneventful and there wasn't any snow. There were a few places that had some insane cross winds and the truck sort of changed lanes on it's own. Other than that...great. I slept through New Years so big whoop. While we were gone Vegas got 2-3 inches of snow! My dog was afraid to go outside! Ha. I wish I was here for that so I could have gotten pictures of my house covered in snow. Oh well. Although I slept through New Years I did manage to make a resolution. I am not swearing anymore. I just don't like to hear my kid saying sh*t. It doesn't work for me so I am cutting that crap off. I know, I know...."Yeah, right!" Well, I am going to try my hardest. Work will be the worst since I like to tell everyone what I really think. I can do it. Eddie, I did try calling you about 10 different times. That number was busy. Go figure. Just know that I tried. On Christmas day Beck and I put all of our gifts in a bin and put them away since we weren't at home. Well, coming home tonight and unpacking was like Christmas all over again since I had forgotten what I got. Here is a list. -Microsoft wireless mouse with a scroll button that tilts side to side so you can scroll sideways...COOL! -Grand Theft Auto Vice City for PC. -MS Flight Sim 2004 -I river MP3 player (128mb). I can jog with it and it won't skip. Nice if I will only start jogging. -Laser level by Straitline -Tape measure without the tape (uses a form of radar to measure and a laser to sight it in)...ultra freaking cool! -Sweatshirt from Eddie Bauer -All kinds of other little goodies. Christmas was good. The best part was seeing everyone again. Well, I must go play with all my goodies. I have only messed with the mouse. Happy New Year to you guys. I will be on here more now that I am home. ST stinky feet

 Man, I had a ton of fun yesterday. I am now the proud owner of a new Polaris ATV (quad). It rips the perverbial shit up. I am now pretty damn sore. Oh well. I guess I will have to ride again today to work that soreness out. I just might go buy a second one for Beck....yep, I think so. Hope you fools are well. I will talk to you later. ST

 That is why there are always people higher than those dumbasses in the chain. He is just a bitter fucker that needs to get out and probably was beaten up as a child and wants to take that out on you. Friday night was pretty cool. Kev and I hung out and played pool pretty much all night long. He is showing me some tips and I am actually able to beat him once in a while now. I can not wait until it warms up a little bit so I can start golfing. I need to take out my frustrations and that helps me the most I think. Knocking the shit out of a little white ball and cursing a blue streak is a type of anger management for me. I was supposed to work starting this weekend on mid shifts but my supervisor called me and said that I don't have to anymore since I have a higher priority task to do next week. So I got out of the mid shifts. Not much more going on right now, just sitting here pokin around. Peace Skid

 ...and that Master Sergeant is yours, ST. I'm sorry you're in that situation. I know how that feels. My major domo sockets are my sore spot. So deep. And I just woke up after 8 hours of sleep. Not working today, it was a training day and I called my boss five minutes after I was supposed to be at work and told him: "Sort of silly for me to be there if I don't have to be, isn't it?" He said: "Ya, kinda. Do what you have to do, Erik." So I did what I had to do and went right back to sleep. Not a bad way to go into the weekend, is it? The bad part is that I'm in TONS of pain right now because I do not have any narcotics raging through my veins. No 800 Motrin, no Advil. Nadda. No-Sing. There is a techno-beat raving on both sides of my lower jaw. But so far it's a legal rave. I'm waiting for Tim to come over with my food so I can eat...and then take my drugs. In other news: I've been talking to Hillary a lot lately, more than normal. More other news: I replaced the light in my bathroom with a green light. It is very very sci-fi. Also in other news: I just saw a Loggerhead Shrike. They're endangered you know. And they're meat eating birds that have no talons. Maybe they should think about changing their diet. It's nickname is "The Butcher Bird." It kills it's prey (small mice, baby birds) by impaling them on barbed wire or thorn bushes. That's how you know if they live near by...if you see little dead animals in the Hawthornes. Pretty cool stuffs, huh? And now, for a breaking news story: This just in, the English language has been around since 1066. I-Witness Mungo News will continue to bring you up to date on all developments of this fast-breaking story. CURRENT STATUS WITH HIGHWAY 9-THE REVERSE UNDERTOW : Lately I have been struggling with my second book. I have a lot of road still to go and trying to write about events that took place in 1997 and early 1998 is very very hard. Memory isn't all that it's cracked up to be. Tend to forget things. (Perhaps I should look into alternate forms of memory. Johnny mnemonic-style.) Anywho, I've had many quick questions that I have asked many of the people that were around me during that time of my life. Okay, so it's a quite a few questions, but they're all related. Questions like, "Do you know when the fall Baptist youth "conference" was held in Manchester?" "Was it in 1997?" "I think it was. And if so, do you know what month it was?" "And if so, do you remember the exact dates of the weekend?" "And if so, that means you probably still have a program with events and whatnot." "And if you do, would it be possible for you to send that to me?" "Also, when is the Dayton Oaks winter camp usually held?" "And if you don't know, do you have any phone numbers to Dayton Oaks?" "And while we're at it, why don't you all just write the book for me because I've basically forgotten everything." The book is 7 chapters long. They are: 1. October, 2. November, 3. December, 4. January, 5. February, 6. March , and ....and.... I forgot what the last chapter was called. Oh yah! It's called 7. April . Anyway . I need to know in which chapters to include these events. So I'm asking everyone. (I'd ask you guys, but you didn't really know who I was then. I mean, you only knew me from what you saw on movies and my interviews on Larry King.) (I haven't asked Sara Jean either. I would ask Sara, but I'd get a reply back from her faster if I drove to Dubuque and found her new apartment. She's so busy I never hear from her and she's never home when I call anymore.) Okay, so my reason for going into all this crap is that a few days ago I realized that I had, sort of, smashed into a wall. I knew that I was about to lose it with the book. I was going to lose my standing, and the story would win, it was about to defeat me. I was going to quit, guys. Then, I found a treasure. An enormous stash. A body of evidence. I found photos, journals, school writing, reports, awards, 500 printed e-mails, and all kinds of stuff that fell between all those dates that I was looking for. I forgot that I had all that stuff. And the reason I didn't trash it all in 1998 is because I have always planned on writing a book about Jill and I and the things that were going on in my life in 1997 and 1998. I knew I was going to write it back then and I made a specific point to hold on to everything. An alternate form of memory: Journals, photos. I have been so wickedly excited about this recent find that I have made great strides in the organization of this book. I have finished the first two chapters and I'm on page 69 right now. There is so much info around that I will have 49 chapters. If I keep up this pace of writing, I will have 1715 single spaced note book pages of writing! And you know what? My outline is done and I seriously think I'll be moving very close to 2,000 pages when I'm done. Enough on that. CURRENT STATUS WITH THE LADIES: They all still want me. Tim Timmy came about 30 minutes ago and brought food. I swallowed two Meperidines. I'm only supposed to take one, but I needed fast/total relief. As a catalyst, I swallowed three Exedrin. The caffeine carries drugs faster through the body. And that it did, because as I type to you now, I'm starting to get kinda dizzy...like I took a few shots of whiskey. Awesome. --> The following is an e-mail I wrote to Hillary last Saturday when I got really messed up on the pain pills, do not look it directly in the eye: "i'm writing most of this because i just "wook up" from feeling somuch myslllf.. i'm off beat and eaching morning farm chicmk mostly valid around my mole holes in my jaw. I think i slept deep in sleep. i tried reading you but both of them got fuz. i know my spelling is wrong but i can tconcentrass. and i feel like i trhow up on something spining. the grogy doesn' goes away but had have. i trid so smoke cigaretts and okay. maybe again not so i can wait besdides it makes my stomach hurt too much. i nkow my smep i know my spelling is wrong so bad. i trid to write with my book on note book paper about itheyire in the kitchen talking and its dark and i wrote with my new new pen and i cant keep ioooooo it on the pgae. i had a dream i ate stress.. aahhhh;lkjds;lkjsaflkj;adflkjdsadsakfl i had a dream i ate trees for salads. and i went back in side and talkkeed to my new pass my new bosso. who wanted me on a 108 or 816 or something. form for my training reqs. my tummy hurts. i don't want no more pilss, i don't like them. i tried caling you to tell but i cant put the numers ins. right. fimgers my fingsers feel soo too heaviye. my finnd si my skinn feels heavy tooo and everything else tooo. hissary, lll,,, i want you here so many can you magane to call me again in a row missed the letters becasue the both them got fuzzy. and this is too can. I cant read it back or so i am have to look at onmy my fingers to get them in right but cant on the phone i fy ou c an gert this , peale calle medthis doesnn come out righg fo me and something cant change first but i wannt it to." --> pretty friggin crazy, huh? Hokay! Peace and Love, Mungo, Action I-Witness Team News Anchor Song of the day: Sleepy Jackson - "Acid in my Heart"

 Actually, today was a good day. Only the last 20min of my work day sucked. Beck is having her gall bladder taken out tomorrow morning. I was told that I should take leave so I could take her to the hospital and take care of her for the day. At first this didn't phase me. I filled out the form and got a leave number, etc. Then, the more I thought about it the more I didn't like that idea so much. Why should I have to take leave for what amounts to a military appointment. I asked my sup. and the big sup. and they agreed. Cool, I wouldn't have to take leave. Well, this one MSgt said that I should take leave. He got all worked up saying that it could be abused and people have lied about that stuff in the past just to get a day off. I just looked at him and was trying not to tell him to fuck himself. My sup told the ass that he shouldn't penalize the rest of us because of what someone else did. I said that I had to take her to and from the hospital since she won't be able to drive. Ass asked why she couldn't have someone else take her to the hospital! I just told him that I would take leave and I walked out. I won't have to take leave but I didn't want to sit there and put up with that shit. This is the same dolt that I wrote about beofre who went off on me about silly crap and another MSgt had to calm him down that tell him that I never did anything wrong. Thank God this ding dong licking fool is PCSing in May. I am better now. Bye. ST

 I don't think so.... I tested yesterday. I don't think it went very well. It took me 25 minutes to complete the PFE part and 30 min to complete the SKT portion. No, I am not joking, I actually timed it. I felt like I knew about 25% of the PFE and 50% of the SKT. Who knows, maybe I guessed real well. I was offered a slot at AWIDS again. (advanced weapons school) If I take it, I will PCS from here then be TDY enroute to Nellis for 5 months then go back to Hill for the last 7 of my AF life. There is no service commitment because the class is 3 days short of needing one. I doubt that I will do it though, I am not really seeing the point. "I am an AWIDS grad" "Thats nice... what do you do now?" "I'm a cop" "So why should I care that you are an AWIDS grad" "I dunno" So there you have it... Mungo, I am glad to hear that you are doing better. You said you have the deepest sockets.... Peace

 Ezuag Okay. That was the last dental exam I should have to go through for a long time. Two days ago they packed my lower sockets with gauze soaked in Clove Seed Oil Extract. It had a STRONG nasty bitter taste that never really went away, but it numbed my sockets and made everything feel better. Today they pulled them out and I saw just how LONG they were. Each strip she pulled out was as long as my middle finger and as wide as a pencil. I have the deepest sockets they have EVER seen. They said the word, even the doc. EVER. Good news though, they said that I never did develope dry sockets or anything and the tissue through all four of the sockets is healed. It will now just take time for the sockets to start closing themselves up and that can take many years. If you got a problem, Yo, I'll solve it. Mungo Song of the Day: Erasure - "Freedom"

 moxua

 For Sale: '02 Nissan Maxima, 14,700mi, loaded with 6 disc indash changer. Moonroof, rear spoiler. 255hp with a 6spd tranny. This car hauls ass! Asking $17,300 but will bend over and take it in the ass for only $16,000! What a steal for you and a sore ass for me! Come on and get a great car and a good fuck all for only $16k!!!! Yeah, we want to get rid of the car. With the new models out I am not sure if we will get the 18k that we want so I will just cut my losses and get rid of it for what we owe. Once the car is gone there is a good probability that we might buy a 4-wheeler...maybe two but probably just one....for now. I can't see spending $11,000-$12,000 for two four-wheelers right now. One will fit in the back of the truck just right and would be a kick on camping trips. We shall see. First thing is first...Mike minus maxima = wheeler. I hope the Mungo machine gets better. You will be happy as pie that you had it done....probably later rather than sooner but you WILL be happy. Good luck and be careful with the meds. Eddie, if living off base will save you that much cash then go for it. Kev would make a killer roomie. See ya. ST

 MUNGO'S JAW STILL HURTS! HE IS CRANKY [18 STICKS OF DYNAMITE], LISTLESS, AND ON EDGE. CONSIDER SEDATED AND INTOLERABLE. (end of file)

 Over night, my pain killers wore off. Over night, the pain got bad. I have only been awake for 15 minutes. I ate a pill and I am sitting still waiting for it to take affect. My ears hurt. Feel like there are holes boared between them. And yes, my head still sounds hollow when I val salva. My brain has fallen out...I never knew that could so fucking painful. Mungo Song of the day: Gomez - "Ping One Down"

 Well the hollowness could be from other reasons. It is nice to see that this blog was not nearly as fucked up as the last one was from you. And by the way... BSed... BullShitted.... I am sure if you were not chasing the dragon you would have caught that. The trailer that ST described fuckin rocks... I am trying to convince him to buy it. However, this would involve getting an even bigger truck. Not that he would probably even mind that. I had a very boring day at work today. I sat on scope for 6 hours and watched for about 4 of it. The other 2 hours, I teched for someone instead of controlling because I was bored. I may be moving off base with Kev. If I do this, I will clear an additional $600 or so a month, which means even more bills payed off quicker. Definate benifit. We will see how things pan out though. Lates

 If I take my medicine, my mouth will stop hurting. I haven't taken any in 14 hours. And my mouth is fucking killing me. But then again, I want to drive. I can't drive if I take meds. But will I enjoy anything if I drive there in pain? Also, I have a huge spot on my lip where the meat below the skin is exposed. I don't know how that happened, bu it look like a piece of white plastic has been afixed to my lip. Also, my sinus' are VERY jacked up right now. I woke up last night an my head sounded hollow. My ballance is off and it's still hard to concentrate. If this doesn't get better by tomorrow, I'm definately going to the doc. It is a very scary feeling in my head. IT's not just balance and concsentration...you know how when you rub a balloon...that hollow sound? That's the sound I hear in my head, and feel inside my ears, when ever I breath in deep. And it all hurts so bad. Mungo

 Mungo, I think that you might want to take a little lower dose of pain killers man. I went to the RV show yesterday with Beck. We left Ashlee at home so we could go in everything. What a fund time! We got to go into all different kinds of RV's and looked at lots of boats. Edde will be able to vizualize this one. We looked in the 5th wheel that cost $75,000. The layout on it was the coolest EVER! Okay, you know how the bedroom in a 5th is always up front after you go up the little stairs over the truck bed and usually through the bathroom? Well, This one had the stairs that went up to a family room. The family room had a slide out on BOTH sides to make it really wide and there was a nice couch in each slide out. On the front wall was the entertainment center that included a propane fireplace! Man, it was sweeeeet. The family room was totally open and was like a two level with railing seperating the family room from the kitchen where there was a dinnete. Oh yeah, the dinnete was a slide and so was the bedroom. The bedroom was in the back along with the bathroom. Dude, If I win the lottery.... Check out the floorplan here--> urlLink Woo Hoo! It is number 3685 FL. See you guys! ST

 BSed? What's that? A person you do trust to hang with that has been around for the past 7 years? What? Iwoke up a few minutes ago morning 2 a..m. I feel really really weird. no beer or anything too. I don't like this feeling at all... Sneeriously, a few minutes ago, I thought I was late to work...at the commisary. I had had have had it in my head that they were going to do an some initial trainings on me at the commissary with me. I'm wide awake guys. I fell funny. ew Mungo

 I just woke up after a long night. Kev and I had a few drinks out on the town, then we sat in my room and BSed for a while. We finally went to sleep in the general range of around 0330. It is now 1300. Mungo, I know your feeling right now about being in a place you don't want to be. However, at least I have a person I do trust to hang with that has been around for the past 7 years and knows the ins and outs of my fucked up life since it began in the AF. Well Dawgs... time to go get in the shower then go to the commisary.

 ST, Mike, Skid, Gazer, Ed, Edd, and Eddie, I haven't taken any pain medication now for 10 hours. I have been asleep. It hurts so bad right now that my ears are ringing and itching. Hold on for a few moments, boys, gots ta sip on some mandarin yogurt and eat some pills. This is my last day on quarters. Sunday I'm a free man. I think I'll explore the new Panama Java all day. I'll take notes with a new pen and a note book. I might just call someone today, ask them to spring me loose from quarters, jailbreak style see, and take me some place where I can draw pictures with my new felt pen. I NEED A FELT PEN! A DAMN MAGIC MARKER! A FELT PEN, SOMETHING! Last night I was put in a shitting position. I went away from here, jumped bail, broke parole, whatever, but I ended up having to walk 3 miles back home because my ride got too fucked up on Yellow Jackets and Bud Light. I can't wait until I'm out of here, ya'll I was talking to Hillary last night and she asked me what was going on in my head. It took me a while to figure out that she was talking about everything. I'm constantly frustrated with my life here. My friends. My job. My apartment is cool, but it's just in the wrong half of the continent. I hate it all. I'm ready for a new start and I'm ready for that to start with Hillary and moving away from Florida. I hope you two guys get to meet her in Sept. I told you right? She's going to fly down in time to get up with Double O and I to make the drive back to AK with us. She was going to do the whole drive from Florida to AlAskA, but she didn't want to intrude on the four of us guys. Anyway, I just can't wait to be done with all this shit. And my mouth hurts like a mother fucker. That tends to put a guy off. And the cutting smell of my dirty dishes. By the way, Double O invited Hillary and her friend, Kahlima, over to his house for BBQ. She did, and they just all had a great time. You guys will like her, I think. I'm going draw and write and hope to God the next 8 months go by in the next two days. Maybe I'll wake up, camping in Montana with my family. Maybe I'll wake up in Utah camping with my bros. Maybe I'll wake up in the Yukon, camping with Double O and Hillary. Maybe I'll wake up some where/any where/else where. One last thing, I had a dream this morning that David Bowie was elected president. With Total Crap, Mungo Song of the Day: The Flaming Lips - "With You"

 Sounds like you have some issues with work right now. I am now officially CMR. Took the test yesterday and got qualled. We had a callsign party last night too. I now have a new callsign. SKID... say it with my last name and you will get it. Well, my pizza should be arriving soon and I really have no stories to tell right now. Mungo, Hope you feel better bro. Eddie

 Just the idea of going to a dining in make me ill. Ill I will be. April 15 will suck. I have to buy all new blues since my ass is fat and I will actually have to figure out what ribbons I need. Luckily it is easy to find exactly the right ribbons and even the order with the online doohicky. What's worse is that I am overnight on tues then I have to stay again on wed for the dinner. Two overnights in a row sucks the big bo bo. So, during the week I am usually at my truck, ready to go home at 1440 or so, right? Right. Well, the first 3 fridays in March we have a mandatory function at 1600 right by where I park so I will have to waste time for over an hour! What a waste of 3 friday afternoons that could be spent getting ready for a camping trip or going to Utah or just spanking it! Good grief! Okay, I am done bitchin. ST

 Sat for Eddie but oh well. I hope your Friday went well. We are just going to hang out at home tonight. Tomorrow we we are going to the boat and rv show here in Vegas. I am sure that we will have fun. Ashlee had a cold but she is feeling better. Speaking of feeling better I hope Mungo is doing ok and will be back on here soon. WE LOVE YOU MAN! I will probably talk to Eddie later on Yahoo! Later guys. I will be let you know how the RV show goes. ST

 Hope your teeth thing went well. Blog when able. My military service won't end soon enough. ST

 aww...look who gets his very own name in bold. Highlighted on Mungo's marque. I talked to Eddie on Yahoo. I was informed that I just missed ST. I was eating snowflakes with plastic forks.

 Well... I feel fine. No ailments here. I was coughing a bit, but that stopped after I was up for an hour. My immune system gets a workout with the water out of the tap here. I actually feel the healthiest since basic training right now. I exercise, eat decently and smoke less (most of the time.) So you are getting the guilt trip about the AF, huh? I get that all the time here. Then I tell them my opinion and they leave me alone for a while. Mungo's brain is definately an interesting topic. I think that it is firing on all 8 cylinders, however it is hooked to a bad belt at times... just needs to be recalibrated and hooked back up to the alternator. Have fun with no teeth.

 urlLink digitalart.org - IN-BITE-D by JOSE MANUEL OLI Eddie on the prowl for hot chicks.

 By the by... my molars leave in ten hours. I may not be in a condition to blog in the near future. Then, in my absence, I ask that strip charts of me from your memory be made and translated into tatoos to be inked about the palm of your "hand of action." Much Love Peace and Love, Hokay! Seeyabye, Mungo

 ...to walk out if they drag you down. Why do all the career Air Force types try to lay a guilt trip at your feet when you tell them you plan to separate from the military at the end of your enlistment? It makes me feel like they feel the SIX years I have given to my nation simply isn't enough. Did you guys know that the civilian secretary of the Air Force has never spent a single day in military service? Mike, as for my brain falling out of my skull, I want you (and Eddie too!) to know this: A day in the life in that which is issued in the 'slipping' faculty of Mungo's brain is the rhetorical equivalent of being stuck on stupid. Though the pleasant taste of my natural mind is often curtailed by the bitter presence of driftless conjectures (or "aimless suppositions" as I call them out to myself), believe me please, brothers, it is far more frustrating to BE me than it is to ENDURE and TOLERATE me. And it shortens me, I'm afraid, to a great degree. Time to love you, Mungo

 Everyone seems to need a tune up! I have a tendon in my foot that is very irritated so I either have to walk with crutches or walk only on the ball of my left foot. The walking heel to toe motion jacks it up. I can tell it will heal if I just stay off of it. Beck is going to have to have knee surgery AND her gall bladder taken out in two seperate operations. Joy. Amy has a slipped disk in her back and it just went out on her the other day so she is in massive pain but is on the mend slowly. Mungo's brain is about to fall out of his head. Don't tell anyone but I have always thought that Mungo's brain wasn't firing on all 8 cylinders to begin with. Shhhh. Good grief! What is happening? Talk to you foolios later. ST

 Even though I've been in the gym a lot in the last several months I still seem to fall victim to ailments. Eddie, you're not too far off with your question. I think I'm ready to go android. It was 87 degrees in Hydra today. A pretty unfavorable condition for controllers, techs, and the AMSII system. Yucky. Mungo

 That was disturbing.... In fact, I don't ever want to see that you are searching for that kind of shit again. And to put it on there twice makes it that much worse. L starts Pre-School in 3 weeks. I am so excited for her!!! She will begin school next Aug/Sep timeframe too. I may have to adjust leave schedule depending on when that is. I want to be there for her first day. Though it sounds like it is early for her to be starting school already. It is possibly just more pre-school. Gotta get more Bogey Dope on that one. Kinda funny how I can make things that have nothing to do with the AF into everyday conversation. Ahhh... gotta love the 1C5D's. So Mungo, Is it time to do a trade in with this body or just some major engine work?? Eddie

 I wish there was a way I could edit posts. I would definately delete that one. All four of my 3rd molars are coming out of my head on Thursday. I'm also sick. I may have another brain infection. Will keep you posted. Mungo Song of the Day: Billy Bragg - "California Stars"

 urlLink Amazon.com: DVD: Better Gay Sex (previously titled 'Erotic Choices') (1994) Dude....that's not good. DON'T ask me how I found this!

 Beck and I went for a 2 mile walk and my foot is now killing me. I am getting old.

 ...I'm getting one!

 So, after a tune up on Saturday of my mountain bike, I took it out for a ride today for the first time in a year. Now, Eddie has been to Panama City, so he knows, but Panama City isn't exactly biker friendly. That didn't stop me. I rode on dirt roads beneath powerlines, along highway 98, and across back streets of Callaway, Parker, Springfield, Panama City, and Cedar Grove. At one point, in the woods, I came to a 3 foot deep cut in the dirt road that would be impossible to ride across. I had already ridden 5 miles down the soggy road and had no intentions of turning back. So, regrettabley and very carefully, I threw my mountain bike across the six foot trough of water and lept after it. It worked! yeah! Guys, it was a great feeling. 50 degrees today, overcast, and just a slight breeze. Great great day to spend riding around. Just wanted you know that Mungo's biking days are begining again!! I feel good about that. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: Pantera - "13 Steps to Nowhere"

 You can get a new scanner on the cheap.

 Mike...ST: How would you suggest I share my photos? My scanner does funny things to my pictures...you've seen with your very own eyes. MUNGIE

 Everything that happened today was beyond mundane. However, I feel compelled to share. First of all, Tim-Timmy is down to 65 people to wave to. Joy and Happiness is-a-spreading'. Alright, last night I left three messages for Hillary. Double O had accepted a mission from me to play Valentine Day Delivery. He did not deliver. Partly the United Postal Service's fault, partly his fault. Oh well, we talked and that was important. She sounded good. After I left the messages, I sat on my bedroom floor with green and blue lights on. I also had my video camera set in the corner, aimed at my corner, documenting the art of drinking wine and writing in notebooks. Then the tape expired. So I went to sleep. A few hours later, around 3:25 a.m., Hillary called and that's when we had our chat. That ended around 4:02 a.m. In about that ballpark exactly. I woke up with Tim-Timmy standing above me screaming, "Congratulations! Congratulations!" in a very rough, rowdy voice. We put on our boots, our hats, and FedEx rain coats, got into his new Dodge Truckthing and drove to the hiking grounds baring the very long name: Alfred B. Maclay State Garden Trails. The trails were all orange clay service roads, flanked by power lines, back roads, and the indigenous 'Spruce-Tagged-For-Demolition.' It was quite the waste of time. BUT! Before we got there, we were lost in a town called Thomasville, Georgia. There, we followed signs advertising the existence of "The Big Oak." Naturally, we investigated. We found a 322 year old oak tree on the corner of a residential neighbor hood. On the porches and front lawns of the near by houses were garden hoses and rusty bicycles. The Big Oak was on steel cable life support, but no cables or nailed-in wooden support beams diminished the wise look of the 80 foot branches stretching out across the grass...only 3 feet off the ground. On the return trip, we mosied through Tallahassee in search of The Village Inn. We did not find it. We ended up in nowhere at all, so we navigated back to I-10 and headed west. Hunger was the prevalent feeling, the common tie between Tim-Timmy and I so we left the interstate at exit 142 and ate at a pit offering All You Can Eat Ribs. We ate all we could eat, I fed the piggy back a quarter at the counter and helped myself to a mint from the candy jar. We listened to The Byrds and Nine Inch Nails on the trip back to Callaway Florida where we both live. We watched Zoolander and Monty Python's Meaning of Life . Neither were great and I was edgy. I asked Tim Timmy where my mint was and he cursed me for implying thievery. So I broke into his truckthing and found my mint on the passenger side. I went straight back to his apartment and said, "Explain why I found MY mint in YOUR car, then, if you're so above stealing from me." He kicked me out of his apartment and I came home. I ate my mint as I logged onto the Blogger. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: Tom Waits - "Earth Died Screaming"

 I was running around playing with Ashlee. We were playing hide and seek. Okay, so I would go hide and she would sit on the couch then I would seek her. The fun part is that I would sneak up on her and scare the crap out of her. She was just squealing with laughter! Good time. Beck and I went for a nice long walk this morning to Wal Mart (1 mile each way). Ashlee got to ride in her wagon...talk about the easy life. We watched a hot air balloon try and land across the street in a vacant lot but they were going too fast so they went for the lot across the street from the first one. The chase van made it in time and they landed safely. It was sure cool to see them trying to land it without flipping over. We headed over to the Wally World and got some light shopping out of the way. Ashlee rode a couple of "rocking" rides then we ate at the Micky D's. As we started to head home we stopped at the Starbucks for a couple of beverages. Good time and it took up most of the morning. Yesterday, we took Ashlee to the park to play on all the fun stuff that kids get to entertain themselves with these days. I took about 57 pictures and actually got a couple of good ones. I think I kept 15 of them. I need to start taking pictures of stuff and not all people. I may go do that in the AM since I am off and Beck has to work. You would think that Vegas would have some cool stuff to take pictures of. I need to find some of it. I have been reading books on Photoshop CS so I can learn how to use it...at least a small part of it. This program is coolio. Maybe when I get enough pictures that I would like to show people I will buy a new domain name and post a gallery of my stuff. The pictures would have to get your guys approval though. Mungo, why don't you share more of your stuff? Okay, I have made up for my lack of blogging this weekend. So there. ST

 No blogging action this weekend. Sounds like everyone had a pretty calm one. Kevin and I are fixin to go to lunch at the E-Club. Decent food for decent prices. After that it will probably be yet another long boring day. I watched 3 movies yesterday. "The One" "The Wall" and "Catch Me if You Can" . I also did laundry. The dryers suck here so I was up until 3 am or so getting it done. Lates Peeps

 --Bubs (Homestarrunner.com) Ya'll. We were going to go camping this weekend, but it's raining quite a lot. So tomorrow we're just going to go hiking at the place with a long name. Today Tim and I walked around down town looking for adventures. We ran out of things to do in 3 hours. Panama City rules. Tim waved at 14 people today. He only has 86 left before he feels complete. MUNGO

 Three day weekend and I think i am going to try to take it calm and relaxing. We will see how long that lasts. The barbeque went pretty well yesterday but I punched out after about an hour. Didn't feel like drinkin with them so I had my coke and ate 3 links and 2 burgers and took off. Photography is a cool career. Plus you are really good at it. I think that is definately a career you should shoot for. Peace Song of the day: Loverboy - "Working For The Weekend"

 When you and your Pops start a paper can I contribute picture-ographies? PLEASE!!!!! I am having fun learning Photoshop CS for messing with photos. Beck's Mom went to get some copies of pics that I gave her since she ran out. The guy took about 10 minutes looking at it and talking with other workers about it. He came back and said that they weren't allowed to duplicate professional copyrighted pictures! HA HA. Hearing that made me feel good. Three day weekend with nothing to do. Sweet! We aren't going to Utah. Beck is a little under the weather and doesn't want to be in a car for 6 hours. Cool with me. ST

 Dude, that's straight ganster! Sweet dude. Wish you the best in that. I'd like to get back into the professional world. The idea of starting my own newspaper with my father keeps coming up. Maybe maybe. I'm going camping this weekend. It's rainy and windy. We'll be miserable. I'll let you all know how it goes. Mungo

 i am going to be a professional photo taker

 So I usually work normal day shifts, but not today. I had 4v4+2 / 1930 mission with 15's from Eglin. So they take off 30 minutes late (standard) and get into the airspace. They get seperation and then I notice something. I say, "Lt Grimm, are you seeing any...." la la la, use you're imagination. Long story short, we had to hand the mission over to Eglin after all. Well, shit. What is a UCI?

 I didn't figure it would qualify, however, I had to throw it out there. You know, like slapping a chick wit da wee wee. It just sometimes has to be done. We had a UCI this week and I think the evaluators thought it was an ORI. Anyway, my squadron did well and will probably get an outstanding. We have a party today and we don't find out the results until 24 Feb. Peace my bro's

 Sorry bro, a study guide to the Bible is not a novel. It's a study guide. Thanks for looking though.

 War and Peace is 1472. But here is one that is 2202 pages urlLink here

 SORRY about the StORRY, I added a new line. Hopefully that will help. I just returned from a three hour stay at Coram's. I ate soup and grilled cheese. And I ate three cups of coffee and three glasses of water. I wrote another 9 pages in my book. It's all one conversation standing in a kitchen. That stuff is harder to write than I ever expected. And the real bitch of it is that advancement of plot is not exactly high on my list of things to accomplish any time soon. Who cares. Lately, I've been asking everyone if they know of or own a copy of a book that is 1,500 pages or longer. If anyone can help me, I'd love you forever. The closest I've come so far is 1,463 ( Les Miserables AND The Count of Monte Cristo ) but none longer. Hillary actually found one that was 1,496 ( The Secluded Boy ...about an indian boy in the old west). If any of you guys can hook a brother up, I'd appriciate it. By the way, it has to be a fictional or non-fictional SINGLE story. No compilations or any other kind of cheating, k? Hokay. If I can't find one, then I'll have to write one, and on the rate I'm going now it will take me 500 hours to complete the one I'm working on now. That's a lot of time, dag, yo. Mungo Song of the day: Apples in Stereo - "Strawberryfire"

 Wednesday night I'll be home from 7pm on I would love to talk to you and can't wait. we're so monochronic and time rules us here in America. I'm excited to hear about Hillary.Aldiborontophoscophornio and Chrononhotonthologos? I don't know what they mean, but I think the last one has something to do with words being in order. After a long bath and a vermouth-Perrier on the rocks, I think I'll go send this out to you I was just wondering if We could just show up in New Zealand and knock on a door deprocessing stuff...trying to salvage my only frustration i have come to some basic conclusions: brownies always fall apart... COMPETITIVE SCRABBLE PLAYERS get a junker diesel. a luxury I won't be accorded until May 2005... I just need to find my goddamn phone card...... feel free to call any time. I'd love to hear from you! My brain is getting fat and lazy - I haven't thought critically or had any particularly good witticisms in some time. I hope you're keeping your reading up.what they changed drastically- sort of wrecked in their travels- chokedamp Wine and chicken at 25:30 pm. Peace and Love, Mungo

 I had my eval last night and I am now BQ. I will be CMR after giving a briefing and taking an open book test. It is about Mutha Fuckin time. I looked at the webpage for college, but I think I am going to go to Weber State in Ogden. Mungo, the poopie did stump me. I thought about getting creative but had nothing worthwhile to add to that one. OK, so I just thought it was fucked in the head. ST, Tell Charity and Kirby congrats. I am sure I will see Teegan just before she turns 1. lol I have to be in work today by 1045. I go home at roughly 1800. This is a long day for us here. Usually after 7 hours we call it quits. This is 7hrs 45 mins. What kind of shit is that? Making us work a long day. he he he. Dueces

 I just woke up from my long nap. Well, actually, I never took a nap. I had my overnight last night so that is why I wan't here. Eddie, Charity had her baby last night so our trip to Utah this weekend will be perfect. Teegan (spelling?) is a health baby girl that was over 7lbs. Mungo, I think you may have stumped us with the pile of poopie. I am not sure what to do with that. Hmmm. Get those teeth yanked out. Painful as hell but well worth it. ST out

 I forgot again: All the exams are open book. It will take you a few weeks to finish an entire course. MSgt "Boot" Allen is on his 9th class since November. No kidding. Enjoy

 urlLink Online University: Online MBAs, Criminal Justice, Business Administration Degrees, and more at Columbia Southern Sorry, I gave you the wrong address.

 ST must be taking a very vey long nap. He last posted like, two days ago! I've been reading Franz Kafka's "The Trial" lately. It's very good. Very strange too. It was written in 1937, so it's in black and white (sorry, Techocolor didn't start doing books until the sixties) but it's very good if you're interested in reading something. I should be finished with it today. I've been looking at www.columbiauniversity.com a lot. They are nationally acredited and all their courses can be done on-line. The books are inluded in tuition. So if you want to take advantage of AF paying 100% tuition assistance, do so now, because it's going away soon. Peace and Love, Mungo

 Luckily, I take no part in that contest. I do not drink beer anymore. I'm all about being a wino from now on. I'm not very good at it yet. I know this because I haven't woken up on a moving freight train headed into Louisiana yet. Ridin' on to the city of New Orleans, I'm gone 500 miles when the day is done, Mungo Song of the day: Arlo Guthrie - "City of New Orleans"

 I went to the dentist monday and my teeth are fine. You should get the thing yanked out. What do you mean you are petitioning? usually they take any oportunity they can to experiment on peoples teeth. I think the beer kills more braincells that the wisdom teeth actually give you. Eddie

 I'm petitioning for the removal of all four of my wisdom teeth. True, it may leave me in a wisdomless state of mind for the rest of my life, but right now, one of them is sticking out like a chicken wing and I can't open my jaw because it actually hits my lower jaw bone as I open. I've had a head ache for 6 days straight. It's raining today, I like it. I like it a little bit cold, a little bit damp, and a little bit dark. Peace and Love, Mungo

 I am home and the first thing I see on the blog is chairs flying at bars... Speechless ST going to take a nap.

 Your right... I would have been singing that song really loud just to get a reaction. Just like I do most shit. Its like rubbing a fork over a napkin just to see how you react. I have been to the Sip 'n' Cue before. I went there when I was TDY to Whetstone with 2 of the airmen there. Last night was an interesting night. To start it off, one of my buddies over here puts me in a headlock at a bar. I didn't know who it was so I almost broke his wrist with a takedown hold. That was actually kinda funny since the dude is about 4 inches taller than I am and outweighs me by about 100 lbs. I won that one. So later that night, same dude, is rip roarin' drunk and hits me with a chair. It is not like it is one of those collapsable chairs either, the chair weighs about 20 lbs. My back is still a bit sore. He intended to pull back but couldn't because he was fuckin trashed. The chair won that round. Anyway, fun and exciting times. Peace my brothers...

 So, Timmy and I went to the Sip 'n' Cue to play pool. This bar is the biggest hole I've ever been to. Yes, ever. I accidentally spilled a beer on the floor with my pool stick. I went to the bar and asked for a towel and returned to my table, cleaned it up, and brought the towel back to the bar. Five minutes later, the barmaid (they call her "taz") came by to collect any empty glasses and to empty any ash trays. On the counter above our table was a serious golden mess that I hadn't seen. When she saw it I was compelled to explain, "I didn't spill that." She said, "Oh no, I know that. It just leaks here." Other factors making the Sip 'n' Cue a HOLE: 1. Unpainted drywall 2. Wooden-barricade door lock 3. Dirty water left in the mop bucket 4. Mop bucket left in the middle of the floor 5. Broken pool trophies scattered about the entire place 6. Cardboard boxes filled with old game controller lining the walls 7. The occational soap-flavored pitcher of Bud There are many others, those are just the ones that come to mind first. Anyway, guess what song was played on the jukebox three times in the 8 hours I played pool. Go ahead, guess what song those fiesty rednecks played. "Courtesy of the Red, White, and Blue" by our very beloved Toby Keith. I just laughed and laughed and laughed. I wish you guys could have been there. Eddie, I can see you singing that song at the top of your lungs...all the while me laughing (all in good clean friendly fun) at you at the top of MY lungs. That would have been sweet. But it wasn't sweet, because I was laughing at Eddie at the top of my lungs and nobody saw Eddie anywhere. I was sort of drawing unfriendly attention to myself. But I do that anyway. Everytime a Bon Jovi song comes on the juke, Tim and scream in unison: "IF YOU DON'T LIKE BON JOVI, YOU'RE IN DENIAL!!!" I'd love to take you guys to the Sip 'n' Cue. It's the only bar down here I really like. Okay fellas, I'm off to watch a movie with Timmy. We're going to watch Lost in Translation. I've seen the first twenty minutes twice now, so, hopefully I'll be able to get all the way through it this time w/o being interrupted. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: Blue Man Group - "Rods and Cones"

 that is not rational. In fact, that is quite rude. You are not supposed to be cussing anyway, uncle fucker. Sorry about the mispelling. But let me remind you how many time you mispelled L's name and you probably can't spell her middle name either smart ass . That debate was kinda fun, but lets not do it again anytime soon. ST - LMB Eddie

 You can both just kiss my white ass! There how is that rational thought? ;) ST

 Guys, I'm happy to see that our dumbasses are capable of rational thought. I'm also happy to see we're still open to each others' critizims w/o getting pissed. We're good. Mungo

 Lee Greenwood, draft-dodger, wrote a song that is played everywhere: "Proud to be an American." I hate him. I hate that song. I know nothing about Lee Greenwood except that he dodged the draft. If, say, Elvis had written that song, I would love it. Context. That's what I'm talking about. Do I put Toby Keith in the same league as Lee Greenwood? Hell no. So let me explain what I meant by saying Toby Keith was uneducated in the American Way. You guys are right: We dominate, we have hit lists, we decimate our enemies in detail. And you know what? That makes me feel good. I'm not critical of Toby Keith's song because of it's content. But in it's context. Now. If I don't have anything against Toby Keith's past, such as draft dodging or international broadcasts bad-mouthing his country's leader, where does the "wrong" context come in? You know what? It's not so much about the commercialism as it is the attitude. Wrong attitude. Like I said, I'm happy and sleep well because I don't have to worry about guerilla warfare in the streets. But we shouldn't glorify our might in song. The Japanese General in WWII who ordered the attack on Pearl Harbor called us a Sleeping Giant. That's what we are. We are THE superpower (well, us and China). But we don't have to be so damned arrogant about it. Another song by Andrew W.K. says, "You better get ready to die, you better get ready to kill, because it's time to pay." He wrote that song for a friend of his that is in the SEALS. That has now become the SEAL anthem. In my opinion, it should have stayed with the SEALS, and not have been released to the public. Why? Because I don't want a bad image painted over what I respect so much: THE MILITARY. As far as flag-flying goes, if I had a yard, one would be flying in it. I have a mini flag inside my apartment and it stands next to the Air Force Flag. I will stand at attention during retreat, salute the music, and feel good about it because I am part of a service. What I do on a daily basis, in the very long run, supports the safety of my country. And if we have to put a boot in someone's as to do it, so be in. Boys, a year ago I was passing coordinates for targets and for a week, it was my job to pass DMPIs, or air strikes. Those are big boots and I'm proud to have had my toes in those boots. But when I came home, I didn't talk about all the targets we hit or all the people we killed or all the shit we broke. Because that's not the American Way. Being boisterous and boastful of our powers and abilities is not what our focus should be. Our focus should be on the freedoms. Speech. Free trade. Choice of employment. Unrestricted movement through the states. Enterprise. All those things that not all other countries in the world have. That is what the American Way is to me. In short: There is a time and place for everything, and though this is the time for putting a boot in someone's ass, the place for it's celebration is not on the radio. It's on the USO tour (which I think is great), it's up in those caves, it's out in those horrible deserts, that's it. Back in the US, pride for our troops needs to be in place when it's meaningful. Back in the US, our liberties need to be cherished, shared, and exercised. "The statue of liberty is shaking her fist" The Statue of liberty faces east to welcome other nations, not to fight them. The fighting is done by Mount Rushmore...and that's a huge difference. In short (again): Toby Keith could have used more caution in his word choices, and the end result is a song that misrepresents the meaning of the Red, White, and Blue. That's all I have to say. Thank you all for your candor. Peace and Love, Mungo PS--Eddie, by the way, that girl's name is spelled A-A-N-D-R-E-A. That's three a's, not two! PPS--My mission cnx'd due to sea states. Good surf out there, supposedly the best we'll see all year. 8-15 foot swells...pretty big for this part of the Gulf.

 My eval did not go today. It was Wx CNX due to snow and ice. So we will try this again next week. This is about the most heated debate I think we had since Mungo almost married Andrea. I feel kinda bad for stirring the preverbial shitpot. But hey, what are friends for? Love to my Bro's

 Ok.. apparently I made something erupt today.... so here is my side... Patriotism has fallen and we all agree on that. Patriotism is like the economy, it ebbs and wanes, and history proves that. Has it dropped this much this fast, I don't know, I didn't live back then. We all have the same idea about patriotism though, and this is good news. I will probably go on many tangents on this rant, however, stay with me if you can. So what if we put a boot in someones ass. Tell me this, if someone did something to your sister (since we all have little sisters) tell me you would not want to kick the shit out of someone. Well, I see it this way, we can beet up a person and get away with it (most of the time) without going to jail. Countries do this on a larger scale. It is called war. War means death and that is like punching them on a large scale. We are not cavemen fighting with sticks and stones. We are barbaric in a way today, but we have more than just sticks and stones. Reference back to being the only superpower. Everyone wants to kick our ass, but they can't unless they get a coalition of most of the countries in the world to work together. We have more assets on one base than the majority do in a country. Obviously there are countries that have a plethera of assets, but we kick the shit out of them when it comes to technology. Look at our retarded brethren to the north. You know most of them would rather we not be here but work side by side with us on a daily basis because we are there only defense. WE ARE A HUGE TARGET. I would have loved to see the Dicks in Chicks say some shit like that in Texas. They would have straight been booed off the stage and the stadium would have been empty except for those 3 dudes that think since no one is there they have a chance with them. Another one of my opinions and I honestly believe this to be true... The south has more patriotism than the north does. Why do I believe this? Because I have lived in both areas. If they had said this in Washington state, they probably would have gotten the same reaction that they did in England. My opinion only, but yankees are fucked up that way...he he. We do have freedom of speach, this I know, but they learned the hard way that some shit should not be said. Good. Profit for patriotism... hmmm... okay, so people made money from the twin towers/pentagon attack. Big deal! We are a nation that allows this and it is what our military fights for and dies for. I wish that people could hang on to something that only happens after a tragedy such as 9/11. However, they don't. I see nothing wrong with buying a flag to hang outside (when done properly) to show just a GLIMPSE of something that I hold dear to my heart everyday. If that is what it takes to get people to show there patriotism, so be it. Do I like it? Hell NO! Will we have to put up with it? Yes, because the US gives us that freedom. Now for the Toby part... let me pull a quote from CBS: "He wrote it to play for troops on USO tours – something he often volunteers to do. He never intended to release the song on a CD, but then, he played it for Pentagon brass in Washington. “He [the Marine Corp commandant] said, 'You have to release it. You can serve your country in other ways besides suiting up in combat.' We will go kick their butts. But we survive on morale,” says Keith. “I mean, we live on the morale. That's what we travel on. And, he said I highly recommend you put that song out.” He did it for the troops, that is why he released the song. This song could not have spread by just USO tours, which, by the way, he still does today. On another note, if you really believe that the US does not have hit lists, you are either blind or naive. I am going with the blind on this part, because I don't want to call you naive. There are people that we don't want here and we would not have elite forces trained the way they are if we were not prepared to do something about it. I agree with ST on the kill 'em all, let God sort 'em out day. Freedom is not free. My image of the US is a land where we are given more privilages than any other place on earth. Prosperity is part of that and patriotic type sales are part of that. Though I will never see that in a monetary sense, I see it other ways, my daughter, my family, my friends. Retreat is playing right now... kinda ironic... Y'all are my bro's. Dueces.

 Okay. I can see your side...sort of. I do think it is a bit close minded though. The reason that I think it is close minded is that I don't really think that you put yourself in his shoes. Hold on. Let me back up and give some background here about what I think. I too think it is a bit ridiculous that it took something like 9/11 to bring back patriotism the way it was back in the World Wars. I don't really know if I like the way this country is going (from a moral stand point). I don't like what I see on TV anymore (Janet sound familiar?). You can see that most of the flags on cars are gone now or they are so ragged that I am discusted to see it there flapping pathetically in the wind. For the record...the flag that is flying at my home is still there. It is there 24 hours a day. It will ALWAYS be there UNTIL THE DAY THAT I DIE. Step back a second and think about where Toby is coming from. The first couple of lines in that song are a true story. His Dad did serve in the army and he did fly a flag in the yard. His Dad also lost that eye. I see that Toby grew up a VERY patriotic American from day one and NOT because of 9/11. Don't get angry yet...listen. Are you angry and pissed off at the thousands of artists (painters or otherwise) that were inspired by the events of 9/11 because they painted patriotic paintings? Are the authors who wrote all the books about America because they too were inspired by those dreadful attacks sell outs? I think that Toby Keith was a patriotic American before the attacks and was inspired by what happend. He just happened to be a popular country singer and his song took off. I feel it came from his heart. We don't know how much he donates to charity or other causes. I bet he does a lot of good with that money he makes. Looking back at history I am 100% sure you can find that with EVERY major historical event there were songs, paintings, books, etc that came from those events. Ummm....do you know a little diddy called the Star Spangled Banner? Am I comparing a Toby Keith song to the national anthem? No. Merely making the point that people are inspired by world events and often express that through theit art. I feel that the attacks were a sucker punch. A sucker punch is merely a cowardly way of attacking someone that you don't want (or aren't able) to face one on one. Pearl Harbor was a sucker punch as well. The United States warned Afganastan what was going to happen if they did not give up Bin Laden. Hey, we warned ya! Back in WWII we also told Japan that if they did not surrender we would unleash weapons like the earth had never seen. We did. This leads me to putting a boot in someone's ass. Historically from what I have gathered and learned. Everytime someone has attacked the United States we have come back and overwhelmed our opponents with force. We have historically dominated the battlefield. I beleive that is the reason we are the only surviving super power in the world. Are we bullies? It can be seen that way if you want to SEE it that way. Or you can choose to see it another way that I can sum up with one simple example. This past Dec when that terrible earthquake hit Iran (a member of the axis of evil) I was listening to a radio show. The guy on this show was going off about how Americans don't care about anything unless it happens in their own back yard. He was steamed that America was ignoring this catasrophe. Now, I have no proof at all but I would be willing to bet that the United States of America gave more money, humanitarian aid and sent more people to Iran than ANY OTHER FUCKING COUNTRY IN THE WORLD! The guy on the radio can go fuck himself right in the ass. Have you ever noticed that all these nations say how bad we are while taking the money and aid we give them? Yes, America makes mistakes. ALL countries do. ALL. We just have a bigger target becasue we are the most powerful. Back to the discussion. America has alway's put the perverbial boot in the ass when we have had to defend ourselves. As it should be. I for one would be proud to stand up and shoot the bird to any country that dares to attack us. Death wishes (I think you mean death warrants. If not correct me). When the Taliban helped Bin Laden they signed their own death warrants. They flew planes into our buildings. Their is proof the Taliban helped Al Quedisdrliaufa or however you spell it. Mungo, in any battle you are going to want your side to win, you know that. That is just human nature. Yes, I got excited as hell when those missles were shot in to the caves and those caves collapsed. Run and hide like the rats you are and we will hunt you down. That has been going on since the beginning of time. Now, if you ask most people I am sure they will state that the loss of human life is never good but sometimes when other avenues have failed or you just have no choice. The Taliban weren't coming to the table to negotiate unless they could bring their own jet. One other thing to point out. If you look at what the 4th of July really is down at it's core...it kind of is a kill everyone day. We claimed our independence from England. They sent Armies over and we killed them all. They sent more and we killed them too. They finally figured that we had killed enough of their people so they left us alone. I think that Toby was just taking artistic liberites with the way the bombs expoded. There is a song about "bombs bursting in air" that we sing at every sporting event in the U.S. Your comment about Toby being uneducated in the American way. What is the American way? I am not trying to be mean but I do want to know what you think about it. I think the American way is to avoid trouble but if that doesn't work...see my statement about the boot in the ass. I am willing to bet that it would be hard to find a conflict where we haven't tried to settle things by other means first before using force. Look at Iraq as a modern example. The UN gave so many damn resolutions and threats but were never willing to back them up. We backed them up and now the country of Iraq is free from a terrorist named Sadam...who hid in a hole like the Taliban. The comment about hit lists. I guess you can put it that way. Hell, we are at the top of plenty of people's/nation's lists. Every country has a list of enemies. We have since the first 4th of July. Some enemies become allies (England, Germany, Japan...) and some allies or nations become enemies (Iran, Iraq...). It is the way the world works. Always has and always will. Sad fact, unfortunately. I honestly think that some nations are jealous as hell of us. One of the youngest nations in the world is the most powerful. I can just hear their minds going, "Where do they get off?" Now, I whole hearted believe that the U.S. screws up from time to time. All countries do. But with us being the most powerful we can't blow our nose without it making headlines around the world. And what do we know about headlines? 99.999% of them are only about the negative and NOT the positive. Very sad. Dixie Chicks. Idiots! Because of what they said? No. They have the right to free speech. But if you are going to disrespect your own country by going to England and complaining then don't expect my support for your next album. That is what got me and most other Americans. Look at all the famous movie stars shooting off their mouths. At least they are doing it here. Take a look at all the supporters of moveon.org. (the website run by famous stars who want Bush out of office). They had an ad on the site of Bush morphing into Hitler. What kind of crap is that? It doesn't matter if you support Bush or not but you can't honestly think that Bush is comparable to Hitler! Well, the supporters of moveon.org couldn't argue that comparison so they took the ad down. Talk about embarassing to the U.S. Oh yeah, and the people who support moveon.org? Susan Serandon, Moby and many many other famous people. I think that stuff like the Hitler video, which made world news) is much more disgusting than a patriotic song that was not done purely for economic gain (and I think some proceeds went to good causes, no facts about that though). Mungo, I love you man but you have to admit that you have always been "against" the grain so to speak. I am not saying that you don't have good points, though. You are a very NON-mainstream type of person when it comes to your personality. I whole heartedly agree with you about the surge of patriotism that has now begun to fade. That sickens me. Although, it woke me up and I now fly a flag 24/7 (with it lit up at night). My patriotism will NOT wan again, EVER. I can promise that my next home will have an American flag flying in the front yard before their is a direct tv dish in the back yard. Hopefully there are many people with my same attitude. I hope that one day Ashlee can say with pride that "My Daddy flew a flag in the yard until the day that he died." as her flag is fluttering in her yard. I can only hope. ST On a quick side note. Kid Rock is a patriotic fool and I like his music for the most part. I saw him wearing an American flag like a poncho with hole cut in the middle for his head during the super bowl and I about fell out of my chair with disgust. I walked down stairs and said in front of about 6 people, (paraphrasing) "That is one of the most disrespectful things that I have ever seen!" Not one person seemed to know why I was saying this. You don't wear an American flag as clothing! Sure enough, amid Janet's headlines the next day, there was an article about how vets were pissed off to no end about ole Kid. I am sure that he was meaning no disrespect but it was bad. To me it was worse than Janet's stupid tit! DON'T HATE ME.

 Eddie, First of all, you and I go back several years. I love you like a brother. But that Toby Keith song is rancid. My blood boils every time I hear it. That song, sung so whole-heartedly, arose from a painfully obvious lack of education in the "American Way." Toby Keith is an uncultivated American. He made a lot of money, that's true. And he wasn't painted like the Dixie Chicks for taking a stand, was he? No. He made money. They made enemies. I'm not saying like the Dixie Chicks, I'm saying it's a whole helluva lot easier to jump that economic bandwagon of blatant, blind, thick, patriotism. And he did just that. "Now this nation that I love has fallen under attack A mighty sucker punch came flying in from somewhere in the back" Yes, what happened was planned and acted upon by the lowest form of human life. "Sucker punch," is the phrase that that didn't feel right the first time I heard it. Do you really think we could have stopped it? No, because we didn't stop it. We had security for a reason and it failed. Am I saying it's our fault? No, but it certainly wasn't something that would have been impossible to see coming. Bad on us, it wasn't a sucker punch. Although, it will go down in world history as one of the single most despicable events to have ever taken place. "Soon as we can see clearly through our big black eye, Man we lit up your world like the forth of July" How excited do we want to get about killing the bad guys? Nice reference to our independence Day. (The 4th of July will now be known as "Kill Everyone In Sight Day.") "Uncle Sam put your name at the top of his list And the statue of liberty started shaking her fists" This is not what the Red, White, and Blue stand for. Not to me, Eddie. Hit lists? Assigning so-called Death Wishes? and the worst line of all: "Cuz we'll put a boot in your ass ItÂs the American way" This is not the image I want the US to have. This songembarrassess me most because of this line. I don't understand how anyone can play this song and not think, "What an asshole." I don't mean to offend you, personally, Eddie. But the song cheeses me offevery timee I hear it. I probably haven't done a good job explaining why. Mostly it rides right along with thedisgustt I had for the sudden onslaught of US Flags all over the cars on the road, in the front yards of houses, on clothing...not that any of those are bad, not on an individual level anyway. But you KNOW as well as I do, that flags were MARKETED. MARKETED. Anything for a buck. And what's worse, is that it worked. "Courtesy of the Red, White, and Blue" is in the very same league as mercantile loyalty. I'm not trying to play down patriotism as a bad thing. I love my country. I'm proud to serve in the Air Force. I'm proud of what I was able to do in OIF. And I'll stick up for the US, because, in general, this is the best place to live on the face of the planet. I'm also not saying that every line in that song is a bad line. But the way it was produced, and the context inwhich it's used, misrepresent what the United States of America is all about. But then again, it's just one man's take, and when was permission given to me to disagree with the masses? Oh ya, July 4th, 1823. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: Well, uh, duh

 Seen what? My NUTZ ... Early in the morning here at Osan and mid-day for the people back in the sane part of the world. I woke up and went outside to have a smoke and saw something that I am not use to seeing that often in the states. A lady was digging through the trash looking for clothing. I say I am not use to seeing this because the bums in the US usually won't dig for shit. Here is an odd fact on the same subject... Osan has a recycle program. This is not a typical recycle program though. Our recycle program goes something like this.... Throw shit away... Trash taken to dumpster... Dumpster gets emptied and brought to trash area... Trash sorted through by Korean's for paper, plastic, metal, and whatever the hell else. This is why people find there PCS orders when they buy Yaki or chicken-on-a-stick outside the gate. This place is fucking pathetic sometimes.... these fuckers are cheap as hell and re-use everything. Fuck that. Then again they don't really know what it is like to be from the "Land of the Free and the Home of the Brave" My Daddy served in the Army, where he lost his right eye, but he flew a flag out in the yard 'til the day that he died..... Sorry for the Toby inject there, well not really, cause that song still just kicks ass. So I have yet to get any input back on the coin deallyo... thoughts???? Time to go put a boot in someones ass. It is, ya know, the American way.

 I'm getting a Nat'l Gaurd package together, yes, this much is true. Whether I submit it or not is still way up in the air...and likely will never come back to the ground. Even if I do submit the package, it won't be for a few years. I have other plans. I'm looking at forestry jobs and other federal jobs. With us all being vets, those jobs are super easy for us to get. Jessica Chestnut. Sure. I know her and her husband. Before she got married her name was Busman and people used to call her "Busnut." People are so fucking hillarious, aren't they. I used to joke with her a lot. Everytime she won some sort of quarterly award (which has been often), I used to yell down the hall at her, "You're better than us all!" I don't honostly know if she felt complemented, insulted, or was just plain annoyed or embarrassed by me. I saw her just last week at the Sip n Cue. We chatted for an hour. My friend, Tim, did their outprocessing. Oh, hey, something very strange happened to me this morning. I woke up, got out of bed, took a shower, got dressed in my uniform.... all this before realizing I didn't hit snooze ONCE. I don't think this has ever happened in my life before. HOKAY! Going to work. And I got some RANK chaff saved up for the boys. Song of the Day: The Shins - "Sphagnum Esplanade"

 What are you now? Oprah? Got the book list going and everything. I have my eval scheduled for tommorow and I hope it goes well. The weather has been crappy today, so who knows what will happen. I just don't want it to CNX. Mungo, got a new chick here by the name of Chestnut and she says she knows you. She also said you were looking into the AK guard? Did I miss something and was not paying attention at some point? ST, Have fun up in MN seeing what porn sites your bro went to.

 ST, Are you going to Minnesota to fix your parent's computer? Yikes. I'm going to Books by the Sea to buy the books listed in the Bloggie below (Slumbering Lungfish). Wish me luck at the used book store. I don't want to pay full price for them. Mungo

 Literally. I am getting ready to head to the airport this afternoon. Ashlee and I are going to see my parents in MN. Beck is having to stay home and work so she will have more time off for our camping this year. I will be fixing up my parents computer (probably reformatting the hard drive) and setting up a small network with the two computers that they own. I will also be setting up the computer to try and make it as Scott proof as I can. He seems to download a lot of crap that messes up the computer. The fist time I got my Mom to install and run Adaware it found 175 spyware programs on the computer! Holy cow... I will be making sure that I have my passwords with me so I can get on the net and check up on you guys. Talk to you freakies guys later. ST

 ...and goes. I like it. I agree, we should open it up to others. This could be a lot of fun. Yup. The mission that I was on last night is now under investigation. Fun fun. I was questioned today by OGV. First time for everything, I guess. Peace out. Mungo. Song of the day: Tegan & Sara - "Underwater"

 It's my favorite thing, to sleep. And when you're dead, you don't get to sleep ever again. Which means no more dreams. Lungfish are muddy animals indigenous to parts of the Southern Hemisphere. These creatures live at the seam between two worlds, breathing in gasps at the surface of rivers. When the summer comes and the rivers dry up, they create their own world, a cocoon of mud and mucus, and they sleep in a form of torpor called estivation. ------- Reading list. (please join us!) Feb 11th Kafka, The Trial 18th Woolfe, A Room of One's Own 25th Woolfe, Mrs. Dalloway March 3 Lawrence, Lady Chatterly's Lover 10 Faulkner, Light in August 17 Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God SPRING BREAK 31 Camus, The Stranger March: Homer, The Iliad April 7 Beckett, Waiting for Godot 14 Heller, Catch-22 21 Garcia-Marquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude

 of my car but does't compare to when i stood on a star

 No I am not talking about Buffalo... though that would probably be more enjoyable reminising about the disaster that they like to call Super Bowls where they got spanked the majority of the time... especially by Dallas. However, what I am talking about, is paying off bills. I just payed off 2 bills and fixin to pay off another here shortly... maybe even 2 more. I am hoping to only have one possibly 2 left by the time I leave the Big K. The car does not count as a bill since car payments will not go away until just before I get out of the AF. Man, this feels good paying shit off. Damn it feels good to be a Gangsta

 Drinkin Coke and Eating Oreos, one helluva breakfast. Eddie, I'm jazzed to hear you'll probably be with us in Sept. I smell like ass and I have to be at work soon. Peace out, mahomies. MUNGO

 Here we is... I am almost positive, after re-evaluating the leave situation, that I WILL be there in September . My bonus unfortunately comes in after I am half way through the leave. So here is my plan. I will leave here on roughly the 3rd. I will get to Vegas on roughly the 5th. I will go camping with the bro's for the days that we are doing the thing. After that I head up to Idaho to see L. I stay there for about 8 days, or I pick her up and bring her back. But if I do that that means 2 round trips to ID. That is a lot of mutha fuckin drivin for one dude and a 3.5 year old. So how we doin? I think this is a good plan, and now it is time to save some $$$.

 The only thing that I haven't kicked is the grease (cut down though). No smoking, drinking and even no cussing. The cussing thing is much easier than I would have expected, although I do slip up now and then. Damn it! I could start drinking tons more water since I drink about one glass a day. Bad ST! I only have one 16oz cup of coffee in the morning (mon-fri only). The occasional mocha from Starbucks. Geez...I need to get drunk. I resent Mungo the invite. It went to rawseamud@yahoo.com or something like that. Eddie might decide to take some leave and come visit during Sep. Like I said earlier, I understand if you don't. Also, let me know what is going on with Xmas this year. Talk to you crazy nuts later.

 Today is the 2nd time we played some 3 on 3/4 on 4 football. I'm becoming something of a quarterback. So cool. After two long discussions with my friend Tim and Hillary this weekend, the three of us have decided to take these next three months to clense our bodies. No cigarettes, no alcohol, no grease, and at minimum: light activity of some sort. AND TONS OF WATER. Hopefully I'll be able to permanently kick the cigs. I only smoked three today and I bummed those while at work when I just couldn't handle it anymore. Wish us luck...would anyone care to join us on our quest of health? Shoot, it CAN'T hurt you. A particular note of sadness today: The gnats have come out. They will be buzzing until after I leave. Dems da breaks. I'm Certain I've Been Here Before, -Mungo

 Sorry bros, it seems that in the last three days yall have blog-a-dided about a dozen times and none from me. Sorry. I didn't get the invitation to the new blog. I'd like to check it out, perhaps Mikey could send the invite again. EDDIE: I like the coin idea. I'll be thinking about getting some ideas together. I'm no artist either. ST: I liked the last 33 minutes of the game. The first 27 sucked goats' gruff. Hillary and I are going to read the Iliad together. Sound wierd? Maybe. But we're going to do it because we want to reread it before seeing the new movie, "Troy," that will be coming out later in May, I think. We haven't read The Iliad since it was required reading in 10th grade. (That last sentance could also be on the list of things you'll never hear a southerner say!) Alright, I have more to talk about, but I have to be getting back to work. Then I'm going to the gym with my flight for two hours. Then I'm going to stay for another hour and a half with my friend Tim. Then I'm going over to my friend Daryll's house. He's working on a cover for my book....segway....my book is still in the process of being formatted. There is a lot more work to be done than I ever expected and I'm not professional...so it's taking me some time. Never fear, you all will recieve your own personal autographed/lipstick stained copies...it will just be a little while. Regards, Mungo Song of the day: Save Ferris - "Come On Eileen"

 I ended up watching about 10 minutes of the game. I stayed up all night and then by the 26 hour point I was dead tired. I went to sleep. Not a real huge deal though becuase I don't really care about either team.

 That game sucked.

 ST is now officially an old man... what makes this even funnier is that it is Apr 1st here. What a bad April fools joke. Work was not too bad tonight. Got busy for about an hour and then just stayed consistent for a while. After that it got dreadfully slow and I almost fell asleep while watching the scope and Fox news. No date with Elena tommorow. She said yesterday she would rather wait until the weekend. Cool with me though... kinda... She says she wants to see me, and then ditches on the plans. Oh well. Fuck it. Too add to that, when I talked to her tonight, she made it sound like she did want to go out tommorow, but now I have a tee time and just kinda blew her off. Kind of an odd thing going on though... I don't think she believes that I am actually working the swing shift. I think she just thinks I am saying it. Then again, I could be wrong. I am not the greatest at reading women, especially if they are involved with me. Man, it would be great if I could just fuck a chick and have no remorse or attatchment to them what-so-ever. However, I am not that much of a dog. Who knows? Maybe after being here for a year will change that. Damn morals. Aside from that minor mistrust issue, I think everything else is going fine. MUNGO... How was this person so irresponsible? We have the time and the web space to go into it, so feel free to smoke a bowl and write it up. Ya know, I think the other thing that may be part of the deal with the chick is that I have been working for the past 10 days straight without a day off with 2 more to go and I am just needing a break. I think the added irritation on my part may be causing my skepticism. Sorry for switching back to that subject, but I was too lazy to use the up arrows or the mouse to put it up a few lines. Peace out my brethren and have a joyous ST day.

 Dude, thanks a ton for the E-card. It was cool to come home after my overnight and see that in my email. ST getting older by the minute. PS. I am not going to let getting old get to me...My walker is gas powered and sitting in my garage ready to haul ass!

 On this day 31 years ago I was bare assed, balls out and crying my like a baby! Not too much different from the other night! Uh oh... Damn, I am old. ST

 Fellas, I just got back from the worst 2-day TDY in history. Exept that I made about $250 on it. So that's kinda cool...but not really worth the BS I had to go through. Too long to go into. We'll just say I was escorting THE MOST IRRESPONSIBLE PERSON I'VE EVER MET IN THE AIR FORCE to a surgery at Keesler....and he didn't get his surgery. And I got a flat tire along the way. Mungo...glad to be in Panama City...huh? Song of the Day: Sigur Ros & Mogwai - "Test"

 So this week is becoming incredibly long. I have not had a day off since the 22d and will not get one until Saturday. This is because of the exercise and then the shift work rolled in after that. Not to mention, this leaves me no time to hang with the chicky. I think we are still planning on dragging our asses out of bed earlier on Thursday to go and have lunch somewhere, but that is about it. Not a whole hell of a lot going on other than work though. Kind of a boring life right now. At least until this weekend anyway. ST, have fun on your quadcache. WHERE THE FUCK IS BUBBLES???? Adios Amigos Eddie

 That's my name for a new kind of sport that I am playing. Well, I don't know if everyone would say that it is a sport but I get in a good amount of hiking while doing it! Beck, Ashlee and I have been doing this for a few days now and really like it. Good family time and cheap as well. Okay, okay...what the hell am I talking about? Check here --> urlLink HERE I thought that it would be stupid but once I got going with it I found that I like it. It gets us out and we see things that we don't normally see. I can't wait to get on the quads and go hunting. Yes, Quadcache came from me liking to ride and geocaching. Go check the site and you will see what I mean. You can also look up my finds by searching my username. Later guys. I am overnight tomorrow so I will be on again in a couple of days. ST

 Super Turtle MW, you were in rare form in your last blogginz. Nice to see you still have tongue in those fingers of yours. Good stuff, eek guts! A quad a rye!! . sniff a lasso a monasticism lachrymose Red stuff tonight, Mungo

 Mike, you were in rare form in your last postin's. Nice to see you still have some play in the tounge of your fingers. Good stuff, gads. . sniff a laaks a mensiotious lackerins Wine tonight, Mungo

 Beck and I went riding. Fun times. Fun. I got to play with my new GPS. That is a kick in the pants. It recorded everywhere we went and then when I got home I downloaded it all to my compy. Cool stuff. I hope you feel better soon Mungonator. It's good to hear that you and Hillary smoothed things out and you put some smack down about the girlie games 'cause that just ain't cool! Didn't Bubbles say that he was back online? Little slut. I hope he is looking into buying a ticket soon before they get uncheap. That is one reason that Eddwardo isn't coming. Ticket was $900 a few months ago and it's now something like $1100. Crazy. It looks like tomorrow I will just have to go riding again! Man, the things that I have to do sometimes. I guess someone has to! See you little peckers later. ST

 Today I wrote more in Highway 9 with the help of a Mocha Frappe (mofrappy) and a 20 oz hot Orange Spice Tea. That was good for me. I get excited by my story. More and more so the deeper into it I become. The more I write, the more my brain begins to fire. Brain activity has been very low lately and it is refreshing to get back into something I enjoy so very much. The Blue Angels tore it up today. I might watch them from my private fishing peer tomorrow afternoon. They're cool. So cool. Peace and Love, Mungo Second song of the day: Neutral Milk Hotel - "Song Against Sex"

 Bogey Dope Upon Request: Stupid shit, mostly. Hillary got drunk and sent a fuzzed up e-mail to me. It pissed me off. I didn't call her for 5 days (long time for us) and I didn't answer my phone when she called. She sent a bunch of e-mails saying she was sorry and that she was being selfish. We talked two nights ago and straightened things out, but I was very blunt with her and I told her that she made me mad and I won't tolerate girlie games, not now, not ever. We're square now, things are better between Hillary and I now. After things were cool, she ambushed me with her mother! That was unexpected. It was the first time I talked to her, and I didn't know she was there. We talked for 30 minutes! That was strange at first, but then it was okay. Her mother is very cool. So that part is covered.... but I'm stuck... I'm still in this, well, funk. I don't really understand it. Mostly I don't care about my life here , I think and worry about my life THERE , in the future. I can think of nothing else most of the time. My friends! I have been thinking about you guys and my family and Sara Jean a lot lately. Very much a lot. It makes me sad that we've been unable to spend more than a few days with each other over the last .... well, 3 years. I will be in Iowa this August for a few weeks and I would have to be locked up in jail to not make it to Dubuque to see Sara Jean, and to Osage for the Kershners, and to Milaca to see the Johnsons. But you fellers know as well as I do that it won't be for more than a few days. With only two weeks to spend in in that neck of the woods, is doesn't leave me a lot of time to see my whole family and friends. If I separate from the Air Force this fall (which I'm leaning towards) I'll be moving to AlAskA in September after a visit in Vegas. It will be a long time before I'm going to be financially stable enough to make it back down to the lower 48. Maybe a very long time. I've been wishing there were a way we could work it out between us to spend more time together. Sometimes I become very unhappy with the direction my life has gone in the last few years. Especially the last year. Sometimes I am so unhappy that I can no longer think about anything else...and it takes a long time to shake it. This is one of those times. I miss you guys, it would be nice to have you around for all this. Talking over coffee or beers. Last night was a great night though. My Only Floridian Friend, Tim, and I watched some live music (Don's Dixieland Band) at the Java Cafe (Eddie, it's been TOTALLY re-vamped). We drank coffee and listened to 70 year old men get down on pianos, sax's, base, drums, clarinets, and trombones as if they were 20 years old. They had so much energy, so much vigor.... then Tim and I walked around downtown Panama City (the Harrison Blocks) and just talked about this and that. This morning, Saturday, I had a 09:30 mission. I teched a 2v2 that turned into two 2v2's and the agency that was supposed to release the A/S to me wasn't manned at all today. So there was A TON of jumping through ATC asses today. One guy at Jacksonville Missions (JAX) said to me, "Hydra, I need an answer NOW, I'm going down the crapper!" So, very exciting. I'm home now, just a few minutes after 11 a.m. I don't have any money, and I don't have any plans. Maybe I'll go out to Books - A - Million for a coffee. I can work on my book some more today. Thank you, my brothers, for your concern. I'm mostly stressed out about the future, I have fear when I look there. That is what I'm dealing with. Glug, Guzzle and Sip, Mungo Song of the Day: The Beatsteaks - "We Have To Figure It Out Tonight "

 Even though I was working on a Saturday, today was definately a better day. Hectic at times, but much better. Work went fine... I checked in a shitload of A/C into the AOR and it was pretty steady for about 4 hours. I came home and took a nap. Kevin called and woke me up. No biggy.. We sorted the shit out from last night, and figured it to be just bad communication between us. We hung out later and shot pool for about 2 hours. Talked to my girl too. She actually called me last night too to see if I was doing alright. She woke me up. She basically was asking what the fuck happened. I talked for a few minutes and then went back to bed. When I talked to her today I told her what happened. I later found out from Kev that she just glared at him for a bit after I left and was pissed at him all night. Ah well, the life in the Big K. In answer to your question though, we are doing fine. Kinda bummed because she may be leaving soon. Don't know exactly when but it could be as soon as mid to end April. She will let me know before she takes off though. Hopefully she will still be here for my B-Day because I am taking a couple days off for that time. Dudes, this chick is cool as hell. Has a temper from hell sometimes, but hey, I couldn't be with a chick that is nice all the time. It is just not my style. Have you ever been cussed out in Russian? I think I have. I say I think because she rattled some stuff off real fast one time and kinda gave me a mean look. That was a while ago though. At the same time it was a little arousing. he he he... The shit with the no drinking is because we are in the middle of an exercise and they don't want people hammered coming to work like they usually do over here. I am suprised there are not more incidents here with bad A/C. The part with the buddy system is so that we can keep watch out for eachother and not be stuck by ourselves in a place we didn't intend to get to. Mungo ... Still waiting on the Bogey Dope. If it is too personnal to post here, send us an e-mail. Either that or have Ned send us an E-mail. We are genuinely concerned. Bubbles ... Where the hell are you again? We have lost you. I will be mean and say it is probably because of your wife. Doesn't really matter though, she hates us anyway (with probably the exception of Mungo, because he can get along with more people than ST and I can.) ST ... Why go? You are not staying in and they can not take away a stripe or anything so it will not be bad in the long run. I sure know that I have blown shit off in the past that I have been "Highly encouraged" to go. The post office probably does not have dining outs anyway, so you won't have to deal with that in a couple years. Or you could just suck it up and go and try to have a good time. I have yet to have a bad time at the gatherings for a squadron, but I will usually just get fucked up and do what ever the fuck I want to do or say... This in turn makes it fun for me, and a comedy show for onlookers. However, you have better morals now, so you would probably not do that. Well y'all, I dont really have much more to add right now. Later you bunch of honkeys

 Dude, sorry about your crappy ass day. I hate days like that but the one good thing about it is that hopfully the next day will be a little better. What is up with the no drinking stuff and having to be with 2 people when you go out? I don't know about all this Air Force crap so you have to fill me in. How are you and your girl doing? Good I hope, but not too good! You deserve to relax and have some fun. Mungo . Dude, how are you doing? We have been a little worried about you. What was the dust up between you and Hillary? Give us the dope. Me? Well, Me is doing pretty good. Still riding alot. I took Yesterday and today off so I can just chill the hell out. Not too shabby. Ashlee and Beck are doing fine so there isn't any news to report on them. I have been "HIGHLY ENCOURAGED" to go the dining in that we are having at work. That will suck to begin with but it won't help matters that it is on Wed, 14Apr. This will cause me to do two over nights in a row. Leave Mon morning and come home on Thur morning. Blows nuts big time. Okay, I am done bitching and just generally complaining. See ya. ST out and about.

 So I see that the story board was taken down... No biggy... we kinda let that go to the shitter anyway. Too much odd shit. Yes 1/3 is great... 1/2 will be better... 31/32 will be better than that and 1 will be the best. The chin is up for the most part and the willy stays covered. I had a bad day today. First of all, I had a completely shitty mission that got all fucked up. It felt like I was back in tech school and I could not concentrate on what I wanted to say. Then the rest of the day I am pissed off. The 1st Sgt then told me what a great career field I was in. So I told him he didn't know shit about our career field. Yes, I did actually tell him he didn't know shit about it. Then he said they are worse jobs... I said "What? SP's? Name one more." He said EOD. I told him bullshit, they have to volunteer to do that. He comes back with "You have to volunteer for your job too." Yup, he now got me even more spun up with that one. He added "Didn't you volunteer to be a WD?" I said "I didn't say I hated being a WD, and no you don't have to volunteer to do it either. I love controlling A/C, what I said was I hated this career field." He was like "It's not that bad." Once again, Eddie no tact statements... "You don't know a damn thing of what we do and you dont know anything about this career field." He just stood there and shook his head yes. By the way, the shirt is a nice guy, but he ain't no real 1st Sgt. I would not trust him as far as I could throw him. He is a fucking pig. Completely degrades women and think they are just another toy at Wal-mart. I can't stand those fuckers. So then... I go out with Kev, because he asked me to. We are still in Gen Order 1. No drinking. No biggy really. I tell him that I will go out with him but I am want to go home at 2200. He agrees, so we go out. 2200 rolls around, I look at my watch, and he says "Well, take off if you don't want to stay then." this pissed me off... 2 reasons... We are only supposed to be going out with a minnimum of 2 people... that leaves me waling by myself... 2d reason, he agreed to 2200. So now I am pissed off and just get up, grab my jacket, kiss my girl goodbye, and take the fuck off. I think I kinda upset Elena by this but it was better than staying there and being pissed off. She was sitting there looking at me with the "What the fuck just happened?" look while I was walking out the door. Fuck this day... I am going to bed Eddie

 Eddie is 1/3 done with his big K concert tour! Yea for Eddie. You are the man. Keep that chin up and willy covered! ST

 I am a professional Mungo stalker. I will be writing a book about it soon so watch for me pushing it on shows like Opera, The O'reilly Factor, Ellen and even the Arsenio Show! Yes, I will sign copies for all my friends (only $50 per signing). Stalking the elusive Mungo is not an easy task! Just when you think you have him figured out he throws a curve and crazy shit happes. Stuff like Asian in the woods... Money being born... shit like that man. Crazy, no sense making mo fo. I have learned much during my time of stalking but no one will ever find the REAL Mungo. No one! Asian in the woods sounds like some messed up chinese food menu item! Just a random thought. ST

 Asian in the woods without bug repellent? Yeah.

 So, about this funk Mungo's in. That's me, by the way. Mungo. I guess I could beat it by embracing it, going on wild hedonistic binges. Perhaps do an interpretive dance in the dark for the next four years...you know the kind people do when they feel guilty about the choices they make, right? The kind of dances with impossible music playing in the corners of their ears. And I see me there, drowning in cold basement corners, feeling the kind of guilt that will only creep back with interest on a monthly bill. Indeed, seeking the answers, listening out for the false ending: seems to be an infinite endevor.

 Greetings, one and everyone, As part of the Official Year of Stalking Erik Matthew Kershner, we here at The Hereafter are pleased to bring you the latest in our attempts to get closer closer closer to that velvet and off-the-hook genius affectionately known as Mungo. Various Hereafter staffers have positioned themselves at a number of Mungo's events since the beginning of '99, only to have their attempts thwarted by overly zealous bodyguards (ST, Eddie, and Double O). Our buddy and occasional contributor Ricerick is a little more subtle in his pursuit of that piece of cake: he decided to write a letter to the Solid Mud Forum, where Mungo is the contributing editor. Now, as Ricerick likes to say, "only a thin sheet of 40# white recycled gloss stock separates me from Erik Matthew Kershner"... an obtuse reference, we think. We're still waiting for EMK's response. For now, The Hereafter is closed, thanks for listening. Skate Hard, Retards, Ned

 not winning numbers

 I broke open an egg with $10. That's what is left inside Mungo's little VISA check card. Dunno how all that money gets in there, but with only $10, there must be more room. I kinda like this $10. I've had him around since 2002. Kinda like a little puppy that I see almost every day. I gave away all his little friends, but hopefully more will be born in a week or so. And so, Mungo mashed play on an extremely expensive jam-box with high-speed dubbing and everyone put thier weight on it. Song of the day: Butthole Surfers - "Ah Ha"

 Dear (in no particular order) Mike, Eddie, and Double O- Very tired Felix. I've been going to bed every night by 7 p.m. and sleeping until 5 or 6 a.m. It's a quarter after 8 p.m. and I feel like I'm up way past my bed time. Thanks for the reassurance, Eddie. I don't know how I'm going to solve my problems. Things are gnashing at me; at my neck. I feel like an Asian in the woods without bug repellent. I don't care about much these days, and that feeling sucks...and thinking about it makes it worse and worse. It's like a spiral. This might sound weak, but I wish there was someone out there to make all my decisions for me sometimes. Then I could buck up and do what's been laid out for me and there would never be any regret because, hey, I was told to. But that wouldn't be good, Mungo would be driftwood. I miss Hillary too. We've hit some bumpy road (to put it mildly) and even though she's called everyday for the last week, we've only spoken once. ON THE TELEPHONE! She wrote an e-mail too. I know she's struggling with the distance too, and I have been very good in the last eight months about being there for her, but sometimes I want to cut the line and let her go. BYE! Self-righteous Buckaroo, Mungo

 Well, the ATSO (Ability To Survive and Operate, for those of us who don't know the real AF) portion has endexed, but the other part is still going on. No biggy... Thank God there is no more chem gear. My internet connection has been down for the past couple days, so that has made it some long nights. It is back up though and good to go... for now... Mungo, I hope everything is getting better for you. You always know you can count on any of us to lend an ear as a sounding board. Well peeps... I need to finish getting ready for work... Eddie

 Still feeling kinda busted up. Thanks Mike, for trying to call. Hillary and I were "talking things out." Long story, the first real problems have cropped up between us and it's not a lot of fun. Sometimes it would be easier if I believed my future was already decided by fate, then I wouldn't have to worry about making the right or wrong choices. Sometimes I get really sick of this life. I want to start over. Mostly I want to leave Florida, but I want to leave in such a way that I won't be digging my own grave. Sometimes I wish I was more "adulty" and I was better equipped to handle the big issues in my life. I'm doing okay, better than last night, but keep me in your happy thoughts/prayers. Thanks, bros. Never Been to North Dakota, Mungo PS: I learned how to play a new song today. It's Neutral Milk Hotel's "In the Aeroplane Over the Sea." But that's not my song of the day. Song of the day: Sunny Day Real Estate - "Every Shining Time You Arrive"

 We have a bunch of family in town so getting on the computer has been a little harder than usual. Sorry about that you little pricks. I mowed the lawn yesterday in the 93 degree heat. IT'S ONLY MARCH!!!! We had the neighbors over last night along with the family that is visiting. I grilled up some kabobs...man that was some good stuff. We had a grand ole time. I tried to call Mungo but he didn't answer his el phono. Eddie getting some commie Russian ass! Dude, I hope she isn't a spy! Later foolios.

 What is the deallyo?? Eddie

 It's been a few days. Sorry about that. Not feeling very good about myself at the moment. Hopefully I'll wake up on Sunday morning and feel better about the way things are. Think your happy thoughts. Mungo

 ST, In answer to your question.... yes. I got ripped up last night. It all started at work during our "tactics talk." Beer light went on and I pulled out the bottle of Capt Morgans and some coke. Kinda funny that the AF looks down on drinking but encourages it at the same time. I don't remember a whole lot of last night.

 until the weekend. I am okay with that. Umm, Eddie, she IS a dancer. Isn't she? 007, if you have internet now why don't you email us your new address, fool. I wouldn't put it on here becasue you will start getting all kinds of spam but email us dude. Have you bought your ticket to Vegas yet? Just wondering. Mungo, it was cool as hell talking to you last night. Thanks for calling! Sorry that I didn't chat with you more Eddie. Later my home boys from the hood. ST

 Russian girl eh? she's not a dancer at one of the bars downtown i hope. J/K Well, i turn 26 this june and im beginning to feel old. My knees are starting to bug me on a daily basis and people are starting to call me "SIR" or "MISTER". OUCH!!! I went to the peanut farm last night and everyone except me got carded. Oh well. life goes on talk about depressing. Double O

 So now I can remember that ST is just over 5 years older than me... that should make it easy to remember. As far as the sadness goes... well, it may sound a bit heartless, but, it wasn't my bro and that is all I care about. They may be good people, but I don't know them so it is just another accident. ST asked if I was going to continue to see the chick I went out with on Sunday. I think the answer is a definate yes. I like her, she has a good personality, and she is a hottie. To give an update, just incase anyone missed anything... Her name is Elena, she is Russian, has now got Strawberry hair (used to be blonde) anywhere between brown and gold eyes (mood depending) and is about 5'6" or so. Real sweet girl and I dig her. No worries though bros... I am not planning on having another X-Mrs. Markin. Just a fun thing with a cool chick. Later bro's

 Hey, don't worry, I don't know how old any of you bastards are either...younger than me! 31 I did nothing today except work and be sad. urlLink Sadness Talk to you later. ST

 How did everyone's St. Pattrick's Day go? Mine was rather uneventful. Did laundry, went to work, then went out and had a few. Mungo, at 80K there is nothing required for mx other than just your regular check up stuff, however at 90K you need to have Saturn do a lookover on it. Other than that, look at your owners manual. Oh, there is a thing by 85K that you need to have a proper bumper on your vehicle. Not to much in the life of Eddie here in the Big K. Just the typical shit. We have an exercise starting next week with full chem gear and that should be fun.... not. We only have to play that shit for about 3 days though. Well, 2 weeks from today ST will be celebrating his B-day... I think this is 30 for him, or it may be 31. I am such a good best friend since I don't fucking remember... I am more leaning towards the 31. Fuck it, he is old. Peace my bro's....

 I hit 80,000 miles while driving home from the Panama City Public Library. What kind of maintenance things should I look at having accomplished soonly? Peace, Mungo Song of the Day: The Magnetic Fields - "All the Umbrellas in London"

 ...a stranger has clearer thoughts than those whom are close to you. ...an outsider knows the right words more than a friend. But only sometimes. And I think this may have been one of those times. I just called to talk to Hillary and her new roommate answered. She is Julie. I ended up talking to Julie about my struggles with thoughts of reenlistment. We talked for over an hour and a half. That was strange. I had only spoken to her a few times before, never for more than two minutes. You might also find it strange then to hear me say that after talking to her, a stranger in my life, I have been left with such a solid good feeling about getting out of The Service. I won't have much money, but I think I'll be okay. I think I'll be okay. led in my sleep, Mungo

 Go Mungo, go mungo.... Rock on my brothers. I am overnight tonight so....See Ya! Not much happened this weekend. I just played on the Hogs and chilled out. Joy to the Hogs. Later. ST

 I didn't get the job at Books-A-Million. They're actually not hiring part time, only full time. Oh darn. My life is about to get extremely boring. I'm going to have to revert to free-fun only. All my money, all of what's left over, will be going to my car. I have to drop at LEAST $1,100 PER MONTH to have it paid off by the time I'm out. Unless someone gives me a 6K loan or if I win the Florida Lottery, I'm stuck on free fun. That does include mountain biking. But I'm in Florida, so it'll be more like, bike riding. There aren't even good stair cases here. Bummers. I'm also about to embark in some pretty serious clean living again. I smoke on and off. I can't seem to make up my mind. Like Eddie and Bubbles, I enjoy smoking. I do. But I think to myself very often, "How can I smoke so wrecklessly when everyone KNOWS the harms." So, being poor, perhaps this would be a good time for me to quit. Smokes are cheap here, yes, but it's a lot of money over time. I've quit eating fast food (actually, I've quit eating out altogether) and I'm going to quit drinking wine (I drink a lot of wine, don't get so drunk off that) and I'm going to ride my bike to work and around the neighborhood. Cut down on gasohol. Wish me luck homies. Wish a brother luck. I believe in a thing called LOOOOOOOOVE! Mungo Song of the day: The Darkness - "I Believe in a Thing Called Love"

 Mine would probably be pushing NC-17 for foul language, drinking and other not so good things.... but hey, at least I don't do drugs. Went on a date yesterday. Good times. Went to lunch, hung out, went shot some pool and hung out some more. Not a whole lot to do around here but hang out. Either way, it was a good time. Also did the DJ thing last night. I was dead frickin tired by the end of the night too. I worked Saturday night from 2330-0530, went to sleep around 0600 and woke up around 1200. I don't think I had enough sleep to go and hang all day, then go and DJ. Still overall, even though I was tired, it was a good day. I have not had many of those while I have been here. Most of them just suck ass. It is good to see that ST has now gotten back on the blogger since his escapades with his new toys have kept him away for a bit. Welcome back Cotter. Outie... Eddie

 Well, at one time my life would have been rated NC-17. Now, I think I am a solid PG-13. Hmmm.... So there you have it.

 we need to write these so called "EXPERTS" and explain to them that it doesn't matter how many new regulations, taxes, or warning lables; WE LOVE TO SMOKE!!! It's not movies, music, or tv that get people to smoke, its individuals just deciding that they TOO wanna be as cool as we are. On another note, EDDIE ROCKS!! I too was a "TDY" DJ. I spun a few tunes down in Turkey when i was there. I really sucked, but it was all a drunk'n blur. Chris Klatt will be in vegas when we are there?? that would be cool to get him to drive up to AK too. And I haven't had a chance to call Hill's yet mungo, but she did call on thrusday. I will be sure to call her tomorrow and assist her in the repairs of her vehicle. OH and a funny thing happened today on the way up stairs at my home. As i began to climb the steps to my up stairs bathroom, i noticed a small child had fallen asleep on the 2nd from the bottom step. yes, my kid has inherited my ability to fall asleep anywhere her body comes to rest. I got the pictures to prove it. talk to you boys later, gotta work in the morning. Double O

 So what would it take to get an "X" rating??? A fat ass mo fo smoking? That is just plain fucking dumb. First of all, I did not start smoking because I saw it in the movies and thought it was cool. I saw my brother do it and tried it myself. That is the real influence, your family and friends. Now this is a generalized statement and I realize that, but for the most part, it is true. Think about it this way from our history. ST doesn't smoke now but occasionally did (cig's... weed and payote does not count right now) when he was around me. Mungo did not smoke until he hung around me. So we all smoked because of my brother I think. he he he... Anyway, the music I generally tend to play is rock and throw in some hip-hop depending on the mood of the crowd. Goes over pretty well for the most part. This was funny though... A dude requested Erasure... so I played it... the whole crowd (except for this dude) screamed "GAY!!!" and looked at me after they said it. I quickly pointed out the dude that asked for it and you could here the word "quier" said a few times... I found this funny. By the way, the song was "A Little Respect." later peeps Eddie

 Several anti-smoking groups in America are petitioning the ratings bureau to place an R rating on any movie that depicts a character smoking! According to these groups, smoking in the movies encourages kids to smoke; 52% of new smoking among adolescents is due to smoking in the movies, and that children who see large amounts of smoking in movies are three times more likely to smoke than kids who see movies with little smoking. Ok, so there you have it. Ive briefly read over their evidence and proposals. It all seems to be thin at times, vague at others. 51 movies were selected for the "Rated R" list because they featured popular arts among adolescents who were smoking. How were these stars selected? Its always dangerous for adults to think they know what, or who, adolescents like. I don't necessarily agree with their methods or conclusions, but that's not my point. Let me note another side of their campiagn...this one is the kicker. This week, the FDA issued notice that obesity is quickly becoming the #1 preventable killer in the USA. It already outranks alchohol abuse and drug abuse , and at current rates of growth, will out-shine tobacco use in a few short years. The anti-tobacco groups have listed in their perposed bill that all leading causes of death should warrent an R rating. To include obesity. That being said, let's suppose these people are right, and smoking in the movies does in fact increase the likelihood of an adolescent eventually smoking, and this fact alone should merit an R rating (usually reserved for sexuality, language and violence). Fine. Great in fact, I'm not saying it shouldn't be a factor. But let's take every other serious health danger and imagine the world they're asking for...alchohol in the movie? R rating. Subject matter of suicide? R rating. Fast Food, candy, potato chips? Are these all causes of an R rating? Of course not. Does an over-weight actor have to fear not being casted because they might inspire some teenager to eat themselves into obesity Ridiculous isn't it? If the bill is accepted by the national ratings committee, here is a SHORT list of movies that will garner an R rating: 101 Dalmations Alice in Wonderland An American Tail The Great Mouse Detective Peter Pan Pirates of the Caribbean Snow Dogs Bed Knobs and Broomsticks Gone With The Wind Frosty the Snowman 102 Dalmations Inspector Gadget Galaxy Quest The list goes on and on and on... This really doesn't have much of an effect on my life, but I think some people are a little too ate-up. Thought guys would be interested in this.

 Tomorrow I'm in charge of CC's punishment of an A1C who has violated his "No Drinking" policy....for the fifth time. You might ask, "How does a guy who is in trouble for domestic violence get caught drinking off duty?" Oh....a DUI should do it...but also: showing up at bars frequented by several squadron members, random visits by the Flight CC....drinking at the ENLISTED CLUB! Big dumby. Anyway. Eddie- sucks you won't be able to attend our get together. Sucks the left one. The sweaty one. Ah well, hopefully there will be another time. I don't plan on leaving AlAskA for a long time. I have good intentions of getting into some Nat'l Forest Service work up there. Veterans are always sho-ins. You guys (Mike and Eddie) need to think about a week or two trip to AK. That'd be badass. I would love nothing more than one night around the camp fire with the four of us pulsating each other until we can hardly speak. Chris Klatt will be at Zion in Utah when I'm in Vegas this September. SWEET! I might be able to get a chance to see him. I'm excited about that. Eddie, what kind of music do you play? Mike, do you have any action pictures of riding yet? When will we see you on the X-Games jumping through hoops of liquid fire? Bubbles, Has Hillary called you about fixing her headlight? Will you read this soon enough to read my question for you? your errata on the patio, Mungo Crazy friggin' poem of the day: Allen Ginsberg - "Howl" Song of the day: Phantom Planet - "By the Bed"

 Good to see the other bro join in once in a while. It is also good to hear that your getting your shit straight. Question for ya though... Does the wife have a job? I have talked this over with ST, and I probably will not be taking the mid tour. Here are the reasons why... 1. It is an extreme expense with going to Vegas then driving to Idaho and then back to Vegas, not to mention the time I am in ID I am going to be spending money on doing things with the wee one. 2. well, there really is no #2 because #1 is pretty major. I may, however, get a chance to go TDY to Nellis and if I do that I will take leave in conjunction and the AF pays for my plane ticket. I started doing something new tonight. Well it actually started last night, but they asked me to come back. I am now a DJ at a local club. I don't get paid because that would be illegal for US forces in Korea to have a job off base. They do however, occasionally bring me drinks. Here is how this started... I went to the club with Kevin and I was just sitting there bored off my ass so I went to the DJ booth and started talking to the DJ. He asked if I wanted to take over for a while and I did. Well, the manager loved it with the music selection and asked me to come in when the other DJ isn't there at the start of the night. I said "OK." She said she would pay me but I explained the situation. So tonight I go in to fill in for him before he gets there. No biggy, just doing the thing to kill some time and watch chicks dance on a stage. ALL GOOD... So a little after I get there they tell me that the other DJ was fired or quit... couldn't figure out which one because they were confusing the shit out of me. So I was the DJ all night and it went pretty well. Another thing that I found out was that the owner of the club was there last night and he liked what I was playing and came up to me tonight and said "Good job last night, I like music you play." This will not interfere with work so no biggies there. I told the manager that I work different shifts and she said just come in when I can. They have a bartender that will DJ when I am not there. Another interesting thing was that there were 2 lesbo's there tonight. Unfortunately they were not "lipstick lesbians." I think they road there Harley Fat Boys in. It was a rather disturbing sight and I could have sworn that was against military policy. I don't think I would have had as much of an issue with that if they were hotties, but what single guy really does? I don't have to work the AF job tomorrow since I am working on Saturday from 1000-1300 and then again 2330 to 0530. Saturday is going to just suck. The first part of it is for a certifiers course for a new system and the second part is a regular mid-shift which I will be watching my newly purchased 1st season of "Smallville." I am tired and am going to go veg out on my bed and watch TV and probably pass out. Spinnin the 45's like there is no tommorow....Eddie

 HEY YOU GUYS! im back online and looking to score. LOL things are good here in the AK. I took a day off myself because im getting burnt out also. working almost everyday for the past few months just to get caught up with the bills is paying its price. but the good thing is that i am almost caught up with everything. i got about 1000 bucks left on my mortage to get caught up and life will be wonderful. Im hoping by the end of next month, i will be living the good life. Im looking forward to the summer really badly. the snow is beginning to melt and there was alot of it this year. about 5 feet of it on a rough estimate. hope everyone is doing well and all the little ones are too. later bros

 Please! I took a day of leave today because I am burned out. Boy, the next two years is going to be VERY long if I am already burned out. Damn. Oh well.

 ...a three word phrase I'll be happy to erase from my vocabulary in six months....164 days. 164 days! Shit hot! WHOO WHO! Oustanding! Superlative! Execptional! Forward thinking! Superb! Excellent! Aggressive! Forward thinking NCO; earnestly awaiting discharge from US Air Force--sets benchmark for NCOs and Airmen alike Mungo

 This week has already been hell and it is only Wednesday. We had training for my flight on the system that I have been programing since 2 weeks ago. That was just long and drawn out. I had a 4 hour CAS mission today that was utterly uneventful... which is probably a good thing. Yup... it still sucks ass here

 Here I am, a quarterly past 200 hours. Ta! Yes I am, neatly dressed and showered. Da! Ta Da.

 Outside shooting the shitty shit with the neighbor. Wife informs me of smoke on the horizon and building fast. I think to myself,"Self, I didn't realize that there are still indians our here in Nevada using smoke signals! I thought they all went to cell phones by now!" Since the smoke was more like a block away rather than on the horizon, Ashlee and I walked over with the neighbors to gawk. Flickity flick flick and off we went. Down the street and around the corner was an apartment on fire. And I forgot the marshmallows...dang it. It took awhile for the fire department to show up but when they did the fire was kaput pretty fast. Two news heliochopters were buzzing around for quite awhile. The news people said there was about $80,000 in damages. Ding a ling lang my ding a long ling long....and the show was over. On a side note...I didn't ride today. Tomorrow I am going up to base to buy a new service dress since my fat ass won't fit in mine....or I don't think it will (I don't want to try). While up north near the base I will pick up my new rack...I said rack...for the quads. Quad racks! Slizo on the down low. ST

 What? I talked to Heidi tonight for 35 minutes. I, of course, rushed the phone towards Hillary and spoke to her at length about how strange it was. I has been nearly four years since our last verbal dialoge. Yikes. I had to call for permission to include her in my book. That was a strange time for us and she was a fairly large part of my life then. So it was. Mungo

 I am glad I wasn't around you if your hormones were flying! I may have had to ask you our or something crazy like that! I slept the good sleep for 10 hours last night. That just makes me super happy and now I wan't to put brand new batteries in my pencil. Thanks for the reminder, Mungo, since my batteries are getting a little low anyway. Ta ta foolios. ST

 A dry snack and wheat germ crackers. Washed down with Tolamas Merlot. A wonder set of late night snakens. Just finished a brief 2 hour phone call with Hillary. We talked about her day of work and my day of sheer loafing. I dropped off an application at Books-A-Million and got hit on by two of the girls working there. I went to Applebee's with a book (Norman Mailer's The Executioner's Song) and ate honey grilled salmon with almond rice pilaf and steamed veggies. I got hit on by the hostess and the server. Four girls in one day...not a one of them older than 19. This never happens. When I told Hillary about this she laughed. She said that all day at work people were asking her what she was so happy about. She didn't know why they would ask. But let me tell you, the conversation we had last night (warm, reassuring, and sexy) affected the both of us so much that we were both subconsciously showing it. Somehow, my hormones were flying all around me in atomic whirlwind action. ahoy hooey husks, Mungo Song of the day: Phillip Glass - "Floe"

 Dude I about died when I read the SSgt for sale bit on the side. That was fucking hillarious. Mungo, do what you gotta do. You know above all else we got your back. I myself find "myself" looking at re-upping. My reasons are completely unselfish reasons though, with the exception of the bonus, which honestly does not mean that much to me. I look at it because I need the med bennifits. If I can get them near as good in the outside world I will definately take that option. So, I was asked out this weekend for next Friday afternoon. I more than likely will not go because I will probably be working. Anyway, as ST knows, it is a Russian chick. Her name is Elena and she is 30. Blonde hair (which she said she is going to dye tonight), brown eyes and i am guessing around 5'5" to 5'6" (can't really tell, she always has high heals on.)No worries though, I do not plan on making her an American citizen. However, the chick is hot and could be a lot of fun while I am in the Big K. I am eating chunky soup. It is good. It is bachelor food. This will not change for many years to come, because I do not want to give up my soup. he he he... Mungo, I am also still trying to figure this pencil battry thing. WTFO? Later my DAWGs Eddie

 Thanks for the softens, Mika. You also have the best daisies in the wide Eros. he he - -- - - -- - -- -- -- -- - I spoke on the zilla with HillaryMonster as I said in my morning post. I love her. I can't stop thinking about her ever. Put batteries in your leg. excepting all entries in your meaty youth, Mungo

 Mungo, you are the man. I have total faith in you that you can pinch pennies and make things happen. Go for it. Money here in Vegas won't be a huge deal for you so don't stress too much...unless you want to do a lot of gambling and stuff. I am excited for you....word up. Later guys. I am off to ride...go figure. ST

 I spoke to Hillary last night for six hours. It's not record, but it's close. She's amazing!! The only reason we stopped is because my pencils battery died. Hers was beeping too. A few minutes after it went CHAPATTI! She called me back and we said Codington. Anyways. I spoke to Hillary last night about reenlisting and I decided not to. Before I talked to Hillary I talked to Double O. He asked me what I wanted to do with my life, and then he asked me which was more important, leave the Air Force a poor man and be with Hillary, or stay in the Air Force, maybe get two more assignments, and leave Hillary behind..... Well. That's pretty decision making when you look at it like that. I'm just going to have to budget WICKEDLY to be out of debt by the time I get out. I'm going to get dressed and clean and swine now. I'm headed out to Books-A-Million to submit my application. They have open positions on the floor and in the cafe. If I can get a part time job, that helps with the penny pinching scheme. ---- Bigger "mope" squashes and the arid e-railways for you and cognac to the honey-eyed hobo in the thaw of weeding!" cried the bebop statesmen. His audience rallied 'round their leader chanting "Mope Squash Railways!" ---- The Whizz Seed, Mungo

 I know that every post is about riding. Sorry about that. It is my obsession right now since they are new but I am sure that it will wear off...eventually. It is just soo much fun....you will see. Not too much else going on right now. I just ordered a rack that will allow us to take both ATV's to different places to ride. I should get it on Tue. I will have to take some pics and send them. Mungo, you will have to make your own decision about re-uping. That is a life altering decision that only you know the answer to. Some questions to ask.... -How much $ will you have to spend a month for bills? (Food, car, insurance, gas...) -How much time will you not be working? -How much cash will you spend on vacations and travel? -If you stay in will Hillary move with you? -What do you feel in your heart? Keep us informed. Good luck. ST

 I got a hankerin' for the above. But I can't afford it. Big thing on my mind, so to speak. I have $300. Hype, three of the big ones. But that's all I have. Maybe more with spare change. And if I hope to conquer all my debt before I separate in September, well sirs... I won't have much more than that when I get out. I'm thinking MAX: $2,000 And that is if I'm disciplined. Now, being disciplined in a dire time isn't a problem for Mungo. Not at all. But the problem is this: can I afford to get out of the Air Force? Dunno, really. Hillary and Double O are in AK and will be there when I plan on moving there in September. They are both wonderful people who have guaranteed that I won't have to worry about a place to live or food to eat. And I'm an industrious person, I won't be w/o a job for too long. But I'll be poor as hell for a long time. Not that I have a problem with bein poor, I'm kinda poor now...but if I reenlist for 4 years I can pay off my car (and fix the bumper!!!!) and hide the rest of it away as a nest egg for the future. These are the things on my mind. Thoughts? topaz tiger, Mungo Song of the Day: Grandaddy - "Yeah is what We Had"

 It is 5:55 aha I am at work. Obviously not doing much if I'm all about the Blogginz this early. Long story. Never mind. the earshot was hoaxed, Mungo

 I have used many of those "ble" words in EPR's that I have written. ST will never know the feeling because he has not had a real AF job in a while and probably never will again. He may have to learn how to write a report on the retarded mail carrier though in the near future. Of course the only place where I have actually seen that was in AK at the PO by the dorms. This week was hell. I hated this week. I was running around and around trying to find shit for a fucking database and couldn't find half the shit I was looking for. I ended up finding all but one. This one is apparently in a reg that nobody seems to have or know about. It is bad when you call HQ and they tell you that they don't have that reg on file. This leads me to believe that Korea is more fucked up than I thought it was. AHHH well.... FUCK IT! Mungo... you just need to learn some shit on computers. I don't know a whole lot, but I know enough to get me by. ST is definately the sounding board for all computer questions for the most part. But, I also have Kev here who can fix shit too. Well gents... I am tired and I need to take a dump. Dueces.

 BOYS BOYS BOYS! How have you been, oh my brothers? Let me explain why I haven't been up wit da blogginz.... My computer is old. Yes? Yes. I am not good with computers. Yes? Yes. And when a problem happens, I don't know how to fix it. Yes? Yes. So I usually send Mike an e-mail and beg his guidance. Even when he tells me what to do he uses big fancy computer words that he must have learned in college. Words like "Install" and words like "version" and "Download." And he puts them into big sentences like "Reinstall Microsoft Word if it's not working," or sentences like, "Download the latest version of..." I don't know what he's talking about! Jeepers. So, Internet Explorer crumped. I couldn't use it. When I tried, a screen opened up and told me something or other did this or that and it asked me if I wanted to "retry." Over and over this would happen. Then it started happening even when I wasn't trying to open Internet Explorer. I figured this was when pop-ups were trying to happen. So, at first I was happy that I no pop ups were screwing me over. But then I realized that I couldn't look at porn OR blog. (Sometimes those are one and the same...oh....Eddie....I love the way you talk dirty...."Fuck em'" indeed.... Anyway. Jordan Farrell came over to my apartment today and fixed stuff. He asked me questions I didn't understand and my jumbled incoherent answers somehow made sense to him and he has begun to heal my sick compy. I love Compy. That is why I have not blogged in almost 6 days. It's not because I suck, it's because I let Compy start suckin'. I will try to be more responsible in the future. There's word I don't like: Responsible. Or "Reliable"... or "Dependable" or "sensible"... and lots of other words that end in -ble Codington Homage, Mungo Song of the Day: The Postal Service - "We Will Become Silhouettes"

 Have you looked at yourself lately? he he he All High and mighty because someone got new toys... Anyway, Not to much going on in my world anyway. Workin, and hangin with Kev. The weather here sucks. It is snowing right now and that blows the biggins. So how did the test go? This year is supposed to have a high promotion rate, but I still doubt I will make it. Personnally I don't give a damn either. How about the name "Rumbler"?? That sounds like a good name to me. Or you could name it "Crack" since it is your new addiction. Well I gots to hop in the shower to go to work. Later Peeps. Eddie

 You guys suck. You think that you are too good to blog anymore. Mungo get's a few teeth pulled and now he is all high and mighty. Weather is getting nice here. 68 here today and they are saying 74 this weekend. Beck and I are going to go riding on Sat so that should be fun. See you later, fags. ST

 Well, it is the day before I test for Tech so I have the whole day off! Woo hoo for the day off. Bad news is that it's freaking raining and crappy out. Why is this bad you ask? I wanted to go ride my new toys! I could have had all freaking day to go riding up in the mountains but now I am stuck inside and all I can do is go out in to the garage every 30 minutes and pet them and kiss them and....okay, okay. Maybe I will wash them. What should I name mine? Beck named her's Zulu. I have a bight yellow four wheeler and I need a name. Come on guys, get creative. Talk to you guys later. ST PS. Why is no one posting any more?

 Mungo, Good to hear that things are going well in the "Small I." I am glad that you are having a good time and having a lot of fun. Be careful when you kick black balls in the middle of the night though... it can be construed as racist... he he he. So here are my past 2 days... Get ready, but I don't know how much I will actually type. I will try not to leave anything noteworthy out. Kevin and I rented a car to drive to Seoul on Wednesday (back to Osan) and Incheon Int Airport today. Yesterday, we took off around 1030 and got to Seoul around 1130. Made it to Seoul with no real hitch other than a little confusion with Toll Booth Willy. There was slight confusion on how there tolls operate, but we made it through them fine. However, when we got into Seoul was another issue. The 3, yes 3 , maps that we had were decent. Not good by any means. Most of the streets were not labeled on the maps, so land marks (which were labeled on the map) were our main guidance. It was purely by chance we found the building that we were looking for because I looked up and saw a street that may (but probably did not) correlate with the subway system we had ridden a few days ago. It somehow worked out. So we get there, and it is lunchtime. This means we have to wait an hour before we can see them. So we go and park the car. I was slightly worried about where we parked the car because it was in a parking lot of a tax center that had a gate that would possibly close if they shut down for the day. I don't know if they actually use it or if it just another decoration in "the land of the not quite right." We go have Popeye's chicken for lunch since we are waiting anyway. The calamari on the side of the road was not too appetizing and neither was the something or other-on-a-stick. So Popeye's it was. After lunch, it was back to the office. We filled out forms, turned them in and got yelled at because we tried to use the AK drivers license as a form of ID. Didn't work. Busted out the AF ID and she became beyond polite and was very nice to us. Who fucking knows why that was, but it worked, so no complaints. It is about 1315 at this time. We finally saw them after about a 2 hour wait in a hot, stinky room. We got to see them for roughly 8 minutes. Yup, 8 minutes. This, however, is better than the other people were getting since they were all only getting about 3 minutes. Once again, I think because of the AF shit, but can not confirm. We said our goodbyes and started back on the roadtrip again. This actually became a bit of an adventure, though we had a clue (I think I actually mean WAG) of how to get out. The WAG, I mean clue, was close to right on except for about 2 turns. By this time, it is now about 1600. The start of rush hour. Fuck me, these people are worse than the fuckers in LA, Vegas and Houston combined. Very aggressive driving mode was kicked in. So we made it to the highway and went a few km before the gridlock began to get bad. So, picture this (which part of this was done just because we are from the US and proud of it)... 2 American dudes (very easy to spot) driving (or creeping) down the highway with "Sweet Home Alabama" absolutely fucking cranked up with the windows down just chillin in a Hyundai Sonata. We were feeling like we needed to be in a '68 Camero or a late 50's Stingray. We didn't have one of those though, so the Sonata it was. Traffic cleared up after about 20 km of a slow crawl (but not an absolute dead stop, which was a bonus) and we finally made it home around 1800. Yup 8 hours for 8 minutes. If you have not caught on by now, and I know ST has, (he has slightly more bogey dope) it was worth the drive and waiting. Then there was today... Today SUCKED HUGE DONKEY BALLS, up until just before I started writing this Blog. Here is why. Got up this morning at around 0500. Left the place at around 0610 after I had to wait for Kevin because he overslept and I woke his ass up at about 0540. We also picked up one of the girls mother to bring her along so she could say bye to her kid and their luggage that we had packed last week. She speaks about as much English as I do Russian. Anywho, we are on the road to Incheon AP. Once again Toll Booth Willy was a slight factor. Not as much as prior, but the amounts were all different on the roads. I think I spent about $25 in tolls over the past 2 days. There highways are EXTREMELY well kept though. Smooth as hell and VERY clean, and really nice bridges and tunnels. Couldn't really get good pics though, too much traffic and sidewalls. We get there at around 0800. They said they would be there around 0900 so we wanted to make sure that we didn't get lost on the way to the AP, thus the leaving early. Well, after many phone calls/text messages of mass confusion, they finally get to the AP at around 1100. We are told to wait (more) and they will be able to see us shortly. Then they say 1345. That is changed to " Ohh, sowwy suh, they no see you ." I am now pissed off. Here I am, waiting, waiting and more waiting, to be fucking told that I can't see my chick before she leaves the fucking country. Not even fucking SEE her! Not just, no touchy. No, no seeyee either. So, we check in their shit and leave. I wanted to punch something really bad. Elena did, however, call me a few times and send a few text messages before the plane took off. This was while I was driving 130 km/h so needless to say, not much got accomplished on those calls. Oh, I am the only one of us with a license to drive in "The Big K" so there was no option for anyone else to take over. Although a Chinese Fire Drill would have been funny on the highway, but not at that speed. n/m, I am losing track of the story. We get back to Osan with no hitch, just a long disappointing drive and several Toll Booth Willies. Kev and I went out to eat then went out to have a drink. Yup, I had 2 drinks tonight. Funny thing is, they tasted like shit and I didn't even want the second one but the manager of the bar bought it for me, so I could not be rude and say no. Honestly, I did not want the second one. It did not taste good, nor did it help me in any way. I had a coke after that and that was truly tasting better. I think I have lost the urge to want to drink after those 2. I get home from the bar and call Elena. She is home safe and sounded really happy. This is a good thing. She is now able to see her kid everyday and I am happy for her. She said she missed me and we talked for about 15 minutes. There really is not a huge difference in price between calling the US and calling Russia, so no worries there. She also had me talk to her mom... That was interesting, I think I caught about 2 words out of that conversation. The term conversation is used loosely on this. I also talked to her daughter. This went slightly better. She is taking English, but was shy so Elena was pimping her on what to say. Then Elena got back on the phone and told me to try in Russian to Juliana (Elena's kid) This went slightly better than the first time, but not great. I know VERY limited Ruskie and I am sure the slight southern accent does not help shit. But, I did manage to say a few things (correctly, others were bastardized) and understood EVERYTHING she said. She was saying very simple phrases to me though. I talked to Elena a few more minutes, then we hung up. I will talk to her again probably tomorrow, but the everyday thing is not going to happen. That would get WAY too expensive. I don't like talking on the phone to begin with, as y'all should already know, much less paying to talk on the phone other than a local phone bill. But even then, I hate phone bills too. OK, so I just hate bills. After I was done talking to her, I started to blog. I hope y'all found it at least somewhat interesting. Honestly, I hope you found the humor that I tried to put in it too. It is much easier for me to make slight jokes to ease my own tension. Dudes, I miss the chick. I know what you are all thinking too... Yes, I am hung up on her. But, this could be a good thing, it keeps me from fucking anything that walks while I am here. I also realize this could be a bad thing, but right now, I have this true fear of commitment which keeps me in check for the most part. I am a fucking nutcase. I just wish at least one of y'all could have actually met her. Yeah, well, such is life. No worries about Eddie though. I am not really down in the dumps because she is happier, which makes me better. I am not going to do anything rash. I just have the life of shitty relationships. OK, I am done with my soap box and feel much better that I got that off my chest. Later bro's Paka (bye) Eddie

 Post. This is my blog. Yo. Yo. Kick it DJ, spin dat beat. I left Florida Friday night and got to Dubuque, Iowa Saturday night. I met Sara Jean at The Village Inn on Dodge St. and we drank coffee and had french toast. It was good. Then we went to her house, showered up and went to a Salsa House Party. Salsa as in dancing, not a mexican dip party. The party was wild and out of control and huge. So many sexy women with beers in the cleevage. It was bizarre but I behaved myself like a perfect gentleman because Sara Jean was there. Later, Sara and I bought bubble guns and shot bubbles all over Dubuque. We even made a little video with a digital camera. I had a great time with Sara Jean. I got to Osage on Monday afternoon and hung out with the family. Monday night I went for a drive in the country with my brother, Ryan. I drove out to the house that Jill used to live in...and I spent some time on the one lane bridge. I told Ryan a little bit about her, but mostly I didn't say anything. That was good, but I'm going back there tonight, by myself, and I'm going to stay there longer. Yesterday (Tuesday) Ryan, my pops, and I went to visit my sister, Meghan, in Ames, Iowa. She's going to school at Iowa State. She's a cyclone. We all ate coffee and I bought a black soccor ball and we all went out to a soccor field and played soccor until it had been dark for an hour. Playing soccor by moon light with a black ball is really hard, especially if your the goalie. I made my brother be the goalie. HA HA HA. Today or tomorrow, I plan on goign to the Spam museum in Ausitn, MN. My friend Chris Klatt should be coming down tomorrow or so. I'll be here until Saturday and then I'll be heading back to Florida. Crappy crappy Florida. But for now, I'm having a very good time. Peace and Love, Erik Song of the Day: Unwritten Law - "Up All Night"

 Hey, is the blog title from a long time ago... I think I remember that from something, and not just math class. So, it is off to Seoul AGAIN today. This time I will be able to see her. ST, I already gave you the bogey dope on the situation. Yes, I really do like this chick. But realistically, there is a slim chance this would advance anywhere even if I did go to Russia to see her in a few months. I do care about her a lot though. Maybe it is because it is something completely different than prior relationships... there tends to be a bit more spice there. I dunno... Wow... my car has a whole 175 miles on her. Go Calypso... I miss having my car. I am thinking about giving her a new sound system when I get back to make her happy. Something with at least an MP3 player and some new speakers. I dont think I will go to the counter-sinking woofers though. That just gets to be too much. Well, off to the races...

 Dude, I am sorry to hear about the crappy trip to the big city! I hope the next one goes better for you and you get to spend some time with the chicky. I think that you care about her much more that you let on or you wouldn't be nearly as upset as you are. It's not bad that you care so much, just sad that is has to work out this way. Sorry about everything dude. On a bright note. You car now has about 175 miles on it since you left. I might even have to put gas in it within a month! I think I should probably go and get it washed too since it is a little dusty, not bad though. Okay, I am off to hook up another computer. I bought a switch that will let me use one monitor, keyboard and mouse to control two computers. Pretty neat stuff. ST out

 Today is better. I am home and the house is pretty much fixed up. Two weeks until Disneyworld! ST

 I have been dealing with carpet all weekend. Dude, my whole house we torn up. It was just as bad as moving! I have been moving and arranging stuff today (sun) for over 13 hours today. I am tired. Talk to you later. ST

 Did everyone forget how to blog shit or what??? WHERE BE MY DAWGS???? Peace

 Well, Went to Seoul yesterday. Got there after 2.5 hours of mass transit around "The Big K." What happens then? Yup, they are closed to visitors. Needless to say I wanted to punch a fucking wall. Ahh well, I am going to go on Wednesday again. This time I know the hours. I am at one week with being sober. I am actually able to wake up in the morning and remember everything from the night before and I feel better. ST, have fun with the Fuzzy. Eddie

 Today is floor fuzzy day. We were up until about midnight tearing up carpet. The more we tear up the more $$ we save. Man, tearing up carpet is hard, fun and disturbing. You pay a lot of money for a house then go and tear it up? Just a little odd. Okay, got to go rip shit up! Really. ST

 I'm going to Iowa now. In less than 24 hours I'll be giving Sara Jean a big hug in Dubuque. On Monday night I'll be in Osage, Iowa. On Tuesday I'll be in Ames. On Wednesday morning I'll be back in Osage. Chris Klatt will come down from Minneapolis to visit. We might drive back up for Al's. It sounds busy, but all those roads in Iowa are as therapeutic for me as a shrink's couch. Speaking of couch... Lied des Tages: Couch - "Alles Auf Pause"

 So, I took the run part of the PT test and ran an 11:17. Total PT score... 88. I almost got an excellent. Mungo, Good to hear you are going to Dinney World with ST and Family. Should be fun. I wish I could go. It is not necessarily more serious than what I explained... I don't think. The last few days that we were able to spend together were just a whole lot of fun. And, we did spend a good amount of time around each other. No, it is not just the sex that was fun... but that was too. We just hung around and talked, walked around downtown, and shot a few games of pool. This was also after I decided to stop drinking, so there was no alcohol in me at these times. Elena was definitely shocked that I stopped and surprised that I could go into a bar and not drink. I will get back to the drinking thing here in a sec... I will tell you this though, I REALLY enjoy spending time with her. Am I thinking marriage... um... NO. I don't think that I can dedicate myself to someone that much anymore. The only person I can dedicate myself to is L, and that is for obvious reasons. Damn, I miss my little girl. But Elena is a kick ass chick who is fun to be with. The drinking thing... I came to a realization that I can not control my drinking over here when I start. So what better way to control it than just not drink. This week has been hell on that account. It was hard to not down the bottle of 151 after packing up Elena's apartment. So did I answer your question or just create more? Honestly, I just wish y'all would have the opportunity to meet her. I need the ST stamp of approval. Mungo and OO are easy to get an approval from. ST is not. He is more of the asshole like I am when it comes to the bro's chicks. Who knows, maybe someday she will try to fly to the US? Then again, probably not. Take me to the magic of the moment, On a glory night I sang that song with her on Kareoke. Lates my bros

 All better now.

 Dude, I am sorry to hear about your current situation. Hang in there and things will get better. Were things more serious between you two than you are letting on? If you need anything like a slap in the face or a kick in the nuts just let me know and I will try and help you out. Speaking of kicking you in the nuts. Your B-day is coming up here soon. Yahoo! sent me my first reminder so the second one should be coming along soon. Damn, dude, you are getting to be an old fart...I know all about it so take it from me! Talk to you soon. ST

 Mungo is going to meet us at Dinneyworld! Woo Hoo! That is all there is to say about that. ST

 The month or so is going to be busy for us. This weekend, 24Apr: get the whole house carpeted. Next weekend, 1May: Mom get's here and we have Ashlee's B-day party. The next weekend, 8May: Spend the weekend getting ready to go to Dinneyworld 12May: Leave for Dinney. ST

 Looks like an interesting concept. I can do all that with my wachel.net account and outlook. I don't think that I will be signing up for it. Let me know how it goes though!

 It is Friday morning and I am about to go for my run test. I am sick and feel a little crappy but I am going to attempt it anyway. I am going to see Elena in Seoul tommorow though I will only be able to see her for a few minutes. Her flight leaves on Thursday. I have the day off, so I am going to go and see her off if " they " let me. I will find that out tommorow. She told me she wants to come back and is going to try. We will see how that goes. This just sucks ass. Later Bros. P.S. Mungo... What is with the double post?

 "E-Mail for the G's." pimps up, ho's down. As you guys have probably already figured out, I have become a new member of Gmail. Very interesting concept. As people start checking out all my majesty ( ) we shall see how good this product is. Why don't you give it a try?

 I caught up with Eddie on Yahoo for 15 min tonight. (I got him first, I got him fiiirrrsst! Na na na na boo boo!)

 I need to catch one of y'all online very soon. Need to talk about some stuff. No self inflicted bodily harm, just shit I need to talk about that I dont want on a public access system. This day has been shit. I am glad there are only 7 minutes left in it.

 I have bronchitis. fun fun... I am DNIC for at least 3 days. FUZZY is carpet.

 What did I miss? What is a fuzzy? And why the excitement over the new fuzzy? And where can I get a fuzzy?

 I feel like shit. I had a slight temp last night. It was 38 deg Celcius which equates to a little over 100 F. My normal temp is 97.8. Yes, less than the normal 98.6, but my body is odd like that. I said C instead of F because Elena took my temp and her thermometer is in C not F. Tell you what though... there is nothing better than a chick taking care of you when you are sick. Unfortunately, I still have to go to work. I just got back from the gym doing part of my PT test. The run will be on Friday and I hope I am still vertical at that point. Though I did manage to crank out 56 push-ups and 40 sit-ups even though I feel like complete ass. Mungo, you know I would be there with you too if I could. Hope they shrink your head good. Bubbles... where the fuck you at? ST, remember the tags on my car... you probably would not get pulled over. That was probably why you took my car in the first place. Little extra help with the po-po's. Have fun playing with your fuzzy this weekend. I am just glad that I am not there, otherwise Beck would be telling me to start laying tile or something too. Well, I am going to take my feeling shitty ass to the shower and then go to work. Later.

 We are getting new fuzzy in the house. The old fuzzy was looking pretty beat up and nasty. This coming weekend will be the weekend of floor fuzzy. I am excited about it except that having to move all the furniture and tear up the old fuzzness is not going to be fun. We are going to watch angels sing tonight. Mormon Tabernacle Choir. Get to see some angle voices get down and boogie on. I am sure that I will have fun and my brain will be able to absorb some pretty stuff instead of all the crap on the telemobelly these days and nights. Crapola I say! CRAPOLA! When I walked in to the garage today the Hogs awoke from their slumber and asked, "Super T! Would you like to go for a ride this glorious day?" I responded, "No, Hogs, I can't ride today. Many things on this Super T's plate. Many things in the brains." The Hogs understood and told me to take it easy and not freak the brain out too much. I petted the Hogs and went inside. I do think that I will soon need to ride so they do not feel neglected. Neglected Hogs are not joyous Hogs. And ALL Hogs should be joyous! My wally is back in my pocket! Yea to the wally. My voice is telling me that I want a Pepsi. I must now go down to the king of the super coolers and pluck a Pepsi from it's cage. Icy chill Pepsi will spill the bill with a pill so no kill for the frill... You don't say gay ray by the bay sleeping in hay all day...and so on and so on. My jello brain is rattling and it feels good to let it spill on the compy viewer. Thoughts flow and visions scamper and keys go tappity tap tap. Oh yeah....Pepsi! ST

 I am home from my overnight. Yeah for me. I left my wally in Utah so Beck's sister overnighted it to me. Boy, I felt odd not having a wally in my back pocket! I drove Eddie's car to work so if I got pulled over I could run from the cops and they would think that I was Eddie. Oh well, I didn't get pulled over and I didn't get to run from the cops and die in a shoot out. Maybe next time. Mungo, I am sorry that you are still having head problems. I feel sorry for your neck getting caught in the middle and all. I hope that things get better for you soon. If you need anything let me know. I could try and overnight myself to FL to hang with you. I don't think that I can fit in an envelope though. Onward ho's. ST

 I'm going to take next week off. I'm going to South Carolina to visit Ryan Westergard, Jill's older brother. I need the time off. Time away. I'm looking for closure, but I have to be honost. The idea of visiting a grave tears me apart.

 Tomorrow I'm going to make an appointment with Life Skills. If I don't get my head straight soon, something is going to happen. Keep me in your happy thoughts. (sorry for the vague message. It's all clusters in my head. Like a tripod spinning straight. Like a bashed mayor's brain. Like Florida on fire. Positive energy in my head, negative energy in my chest tears up the center of my neck. Douse the mentally crippled in burning oil and spew them seaward.) Peace and Love, Ned. Er, Mungo Song of the Day: Elf Power - "Embrace the Crimson Tide (live)"

 http://www.homestarrunner.com/processing.html

 I am still going to road trip it to Vegas. I don't know how much money I've got, I might have to borrow from my folks or rob someone, but I'll make it. This week I'm going to get my car fixed. I have finally saved up enough for that. I talked to Bubbles and he's still planning on making it to Vegas as well. But he doesn't have his ticket yet. He said he'll wait for the three month mark. What's that...June? Yow. June. I have a lot of snot in my right nostril. I want to blow it. I'm still going to move to Anchorage too, even though Hillary and I aren't together and she was the only reason I was moving up there so early. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: Built to Spill - "The Plan"

 What is the plan for Sept? I know Eddie can't make it and I totally understand. You gotta do the right thing by your kid and wallet. Mungo, you are showing up still? Is the money situation going to work out? Bubbles, when are you going to get your ticket? It is getting to the point that I am going to need to make some plans. I have to start planning my leave and getting my head together. I know money is going to be tight for everyone so even if we just hang out and crap like that I will be cool with it. Waz up? ST

 Home from Utah. Trip was good. We took the new Focus so the gas was free...can't beat that with a stick. In case anyone doesn't know Beck has a Ford Focus as a company car. FREE. Ashlee was good for a kid hitting the terrible twos and having an attitude. We looked at houses all day on Sat. With the money that we will get out of this place we could buy a log cabin (4,500 square feet) which is double the size of our house and it was on 5.35 acres of land! We won't buy something that big but we could because of the way real estate is going here in Vegas. It will be lots of fun to actually go shopping for a house when the time comes. Amy is buying our Maxima so that is going to be done! Woo hoo. We sold it for less than we owe so now we have to come up with some cash to make up the difference but at least it is sold. We sold it for $14,000 and it blue books for over $19,500! I guess the blue book is only good if you can actually sell it for that much. We have been trying to sell it for months and not one call from the add in the paper. I think the 6 speed turns people off. Oh well. That will free up over $500 a month in payments, insurance and gas. That is all. ST

 Don't know if y'all heard the word, but a 1C5 was killed a week ago from a mortar attack. This was being briefed by a MSgt in our flight to the airmen. One of them, born in Oakland California in 1985, said, "Whoa whoa whoa. No. Na-uah! I was under the impression that we didn't GO to war in the Air Force." So, because of her and other like-minded idiots, we're taking them to Hurlbert Field tomorrow to the test AOC they have there. The tour will be given by a guy I deployed with last year, SSgt Mabe. Also along with the tour will be some helocopter gunners and some TACPs that have been told to make it real for our uneducated airmen. This should be interesting. Double O, there may be a second dude making the AlAskA trip this May. Jeremy, the dude we just picked up from the airport, wants to come along too. He's a good guy. Well... he's an ass. But he's a good guy. So, he's a lot like Eddie. Peace and Love, Mungo

 2.5 days, Eddie? Try FIVE days.

 I fail to check the blogger in 2.5 days and everything changes... Mungo, What happened yo?? Sorry to hear about the break-up, but good to hear that you are doing better with your recent loss. ST is probably driving back from UT right now, trying to pay attention to his GPS and not the road, while the kid and wife scream "OH SHIT!!!" I got back together with Elena. Rather interesting how it all worked out. I don't feel like typing that much right now, so I will add to that story later. But for now, I will just let you know that everything has been smoothed out. Not too much else going on in my life right now. Just fixin to get ready to go to the gym for Monday morning PT. Peace out Yo-yo's

 In two hours I'm going to Tallahassee to pick up my friend, Jeremy, who has just returned from Iraq. It will be good to see him again. Good to have him safe. Party on, y'all.

 Life is all roses for me, isn't it? Hillary and I just broke up.

 BOOKAGE "Infinite Jest" by David Foster Wallace "A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius" by Dave Eggars "Franny and Zooey" by J.D. Salinger "Blooming" by Susan Allen Toth "V." by Thomas Pynchon "On the Road" by Jack Kerouac "Visions of Cody" by Jack Kerouac "The Origin of Species" by Charles Darwin "The Journey Home" by Edward Abbey (Suggested reading for Beck!) "A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man" by James Joyce "The Thorn Birds" by Colleen McCullough "The Journals of Lewis and Clark" by Lews and Clark "Roughing It" by Mark Twain "Invariances" by Robert Nozick "Willard and His Bowling Trophies: A Perverse Mystery" by Richard Brautigan "Henderson the Rain King" by Saul Bellow (the book that inspired Counting Crows' "The Rain King") CLOTHING "I AM VIBRATING AT THE SPEED OF LIGHT" - R.E.M. t-shirt DVD "Perfect Square" by R.E.M. MUSIC "Good News for People Who Like Bad News" by Modest Mouse "This is a Long Drive for Someone with Nothing to Think About" by Modest Mouse "Blue Screen Life" by Pinback "Shoots Too Narrow" by The Shins "Transatlanticism" by Death Cab for Cutie "Wowee Zowee!" by Pavement "Have You Fed the Fish?" by Badly Drawn Boy "For Never and Ever" by Kill Hannah FILM 41 rolls of film (for $63...K-Mart's Going Out of Business Sale) As you can see, boys, I'm stocking up for the future. I have everything I need now to finish my book. ... . On a related note, I'm starting to come to terms with the loss of my friend Jill, slowly. By no means am I JUST FINE, but I'm not constantly crazy anymore. This is the first big loss in my life. This girl changed things in my life that will continue to affect me for the rest of my days. She was really something. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the Day: Modest Mouse - "Bukowski"

 I am home from my two overnights in a row. The dinning out was pretty cool although only 4 people went to the grog! Oh well. The guest speaker was the 4 start Gen Martin. He is the commander of Material Command. There was also a 2 star there as well. I had fun for the most part. It was too tame though. Just got home and getting ready to leave. I work tomorrow (Fri) then right after work we are jumping in the car and driving to Utah to visit family. We will be driving our happy asses back on Sun evening so I can work on Mon. Geez. Okay peepers. I will blog at you later (probably when I get home on Sun night). GPS kicks ass.

 I just got back from the gym. I am eating shells and cheese with tuna. I have to go to work in about an hour. This will be the 3rd 12 hour shift for me this week. Fuck this place. Mungo... I would have said yes. Though I am a tad currupt right now. Good on you though for saying no. So is the chick cute? If so, hook a brother up. Later my peeps Eddie

 Okay okay okay. So things with Hillary and I haven't been so smooth lately. I went out tonight with Kelly. She is... SO much fun, that it's very hard being home alone right now, but I am. I'm not one to cheat on anyone, you guys probably know that, but lemme tell ya about the will power it took. Y'all know the differnce between "yes" and "no?" I know you do. And you also know how much harder it is to say "no" when you really want to say "yes." I almost feel like I've been cheating because of how hard it was tonight to resist. Dammit. Kelly made me laugh. If you guys had been around me the last few days, you would be very impressed. Until she did it, I wouldn't have thought I was even capable of laughing. I need to stop now. Mungo

 bubbles!

 I love each and everyone of you guys equally; but not in that gay kinda way. (Sorry ST) As I am sitting here in Barrow waiting for my flight at 6:40pm tonight, I began to notice a trend around this little town.... NO TREES!!! Its amazing how such a little thing as having trees can make a difference in a place. The snow drifts have nothing to cling on to, the very few birds have no place to rest, and not a single tire swing to swing the days away. What im trying to get to is that BARROW SUCKS!! But all in all, i have had a good stay here and am looking forward to comming back if need be. I hope next time i will have the privilage of seeing a polar bear or two. Tell Ned i said "Word" Double O

 Remember this? "I told her I bought 5 stripety notebooks for my new book, "Highway 9." Sounds reasonable, right? Now, you'll will all have to forgive her for the question she asked, she doesn't know me as well as ya'll do. You would never ask me this question. She asked, "Erik, what happens if you run out of matching stripety notebooks?" AH! I freaked. I covered my head in a blanket and excused myself from the phone for a minute. I had to hide. Today I went back to the store in hopes they had more notebooks of the same kind. They did! Relief. I bought 5 more. Do any of you think I'll need more than 10 notebooks? Two hundred pages each. Times 10 = 2,000 pages. I should be okay now." Ya ya, long quote, but seriously. I have twenty stripety notebooks now. I keep freaking out that I'll use all of them up. Not very likely, no. It's not, I know. No, know. In the no. Know, you may not. Peace and Love for a running dog, Mungo

 I SAID IT WAS A MISHAP! That means all the itallics shit was done in accident mode, not on purpose. What happened was this: I had the long title for one of my last blogs, the one about Infinity, and I wanted to put the parenthathiesed part in itallics. The problem is that the markings used for making something I TAL LICK ( ) was incomplete because of space restraints in the Title field. The second half was cut cleanly off and consequently itasised EVERTHING below it, even in the other blogs. MISHAP. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do You have entered . . . . . . The Mungo Zone! My life in Florida is done and done again in obscure refrences and mysterious callings from parts unknown. The day to day drone exists, but only in unison with the unpredictable charactor of the fray. Peace and Love, Mungo

 Well... That was nonetheless interesting... I found myself laughing quite a bit. But I don't know why. I especially liked #5. For some reason, this struck me as really fucking funny. You need to get out of your room more, or quit drinking... one or the other. he he he... Mungo... Just to let you know... Having the fucked up grill will impact the performance of your vehicle. This screws with the aerodynamics which will cost gas. This may not make a huge impact, but it does make an impact. Besides that, it looks like something that should be parked in front of a trailer. And I don't mean ST's camping trailer. ST, just make sure he does not steal my bumper in September. For God's Sake man... Please stop the Italic shit. OUTTIE Eddie

 ITALLICS MISHAP!

 1. Get a good pen and draw a straight line which does not end. You may also need to find some very long paper and a very long surface on which to put it. Concentrate on your feelings of superiority to the miserable creatures who must live in a single dimension, two whole dimensions less than you. Ha, ha. They can't even tie their shoes, because they don't have room to bend over. 2. Peel an infinitely large onion. (You can usually find these in the produce aisle of your local chain grocer; if that fails, try online at one of those infinite-produce Web sites you've heard so much about.) To reduce eye irritation, try holding an infinitely long matchstick in your mouth. Be careful not to cover any major metropolitan areas with the discarded skins. Do not eat it! You are finite and will probably die or at least get very bad indigestion from eating anything infinite, let alone an onion. 3. Approach an asymptote. Do not be nervous — it's probably just as scared as you are. Ask it if it wants to get some coffee or maybe catch an old Bogart flick. Be prepared to wait while the ticket taker asks to see its ID. If anything goes wrong, don't panic; remember that you are not infinite, and you can leave if you want to. 4. Go about your business as usual. If anyone asks what you are doing, open your mouth and inhale all the matter in the universe. 5. Cancel a date with your significant other; when asked why, explain that you are trying to approach infinity, and that it is very insensitive of him / her to not understand that. Say, "You're just so finite." Then laugh to yourself because when you get right down to it, you're pretty finite too, more or less. Make up and have a never-ending vanilla malt. 6. Gather your belongings on a cloudy day. Set sail for an island off the coast of wherever you live. Give thanks to the sea for bearing you away from your heartaches and troubles. Repeat c. 35 trillion times. 7. Send a letter to yourself and when you get it, write "Return to Sender" on it. Be sure to hold on to a lamppost or bench so you are not sucked into the resulting vortex. (Just kidding; there's no way to escape.) 8. Make a very, very tall stack of turtles. If someone asks you if you are trying to recreate the ancient myth of the world being supported on the back of a turtle, which is on the back of another turtle, and so forth, say, "No, I am just stacking turtles. What myth was that again?" 9. Realize that even if you multiply infinity raised to the infinity power times infinity plus infinite infinities, there's always room for a little bit more. Try not to be infuriated by this and brood; accept it as a part of the nature of things. Punch your pillow if you need to. 10. Contemplate plenum. Contemplate void. Contemplate Daisy Duke and that painter guy on "Murphy Brown" playing Hearts recursively with Stephen Hawking and your Freshman roommate, on a steel raft floating in a sea of lava. Hold all these things in your heart and ponder them forever. 11. Weigh your dissent over time, first in metric units (grams per second) and then in English units (grains per fortnight). Take the integral of the function used to compute the difference, write it down, and arrange to have it tattooed on your back. Chicken out at the last minute. 12. Throw a can of tomato soup at the speed of light. Then travel back in time to catch it and invent tomato soup in 1983 and make a fortune.

 The Bush administration pushed for logging 10 million board feet of timber from the Sequoia National Monument, and for drilling on the border of the Arches National Park in Utah. A federal judge stopped the drilling project. (Source: Natural Resources Defense Council, "Rewriting the Rules: Year-End Report 2002," January 2003.)

 i rememeber writing your name on a bathroom stall. i used felt marker. your name and my name. and then i left. i went back there yesterday. my name was still there. but yours was crossed out. minnows in the drainage ditch. how do they survive amid the filth? broken glass assualts bare feet. to lose her now is incredible. how can this be when she is so young? Born in 1979 in a state and in a town on a night where other 24 years were also born. I want to bring her body back to life and hide her away during her burial. I would miss that one too, only this time, so would she. We'd be miles and miles away! mungo

 This Guitar has never been tuned but this song has always been for you Take four stones, pass them down One by one you win A new set of clothes, a room stopped in time A little game of stones, and a coffee mug of wine You're the one that sings the songs You're the one that brings down the dawn Listen to the sounds we make And the little stones we break We'll pass our stones for to fill Empty phones with a long distance bill It's food and it's fodder, we don't need it all With swans on the water, and water on your wall It was just one moment, mutual atonement A new thing bent into a candid habit If a blind man can touch his chest and steal a movement of love from afar Then it's easy to sing, and it's easy to feel when all the words rhyme with what you are It only takes a parking lot bet It only takes a swimming pool It only takes a few basic frets It takes me an you

 ...pledged it to the Pepsi Can (the Diskohaus). On Thursday, my little blue car gets new legs and feet, also a blood transfusion. He's really sick. He'll still have a messed up grill, but that's purely cosmetic and I told him if he wants that fixed, he'd have to pay for that himself. I only cover him from ailments that limit his job performance. Song of the day: Modest Mouse - "Float On"

 In three days, it will be the 6-Year anniversary of the day I found out Jill W. would be moving away from Iowa and out of my life forever. It's strange. 6 years ago, today, Jill and I were sitting on the fire escape of the First Baptist Church in Osage discussing nothing, just skipping out on what we probably should have been doing. I miss her as much now that she's gone as I did the day I left her at her door for the last time. The Minnesota Twins are 3-3. In my expert opinion, they're so-so. Peace and Love, Mungo

 "...and to us it was. Osage, Iowa in November of 1997 was home to exactly 3,503 little Iowans. Osage was then, and is to this day, the seat of Mitchell County. (It was stolen from Mitchell Township in 1907 through a series of shady deals made my Chuck Unsurewhoheis. True story.) Osage was home to the county fair and all kinds of legal papers in the court house on Chase Street. With its TWO active water towers, its eleventy churches, all nine police officers, three factories (making socks, binding paper, and drying blood), and FOUR stop lights...Osage was something special, alright. Osage was pretty big." --Ricerick Writes

 ST... You can crash at my place anytime... I will even go to Seoul to get you. As far as the thing with 2 chicks... you should have figured out that I resolved that problem... Definately no further going relationship with Steph and more than likely nothing going period with Elena. On the down low... or something... I hope y'all had a happy Easter. Mine was a golf game that was shitty while having difficulties on the course and a movie. Real friggin exciting. Ned I see has reared his head out again... Ned is actually quite funny to listen to. (or read as it may be) Peace DAWGs Eddie

 Nearly every week, I hear the horror in my parents' voices from eleven hundred miles away as they plumb the depths of my cynicism and despair. They do not recognize in this young man the writing enthusiast they raised, the boy who wanted nothing more than to write good books (perhaps the Great One) from the time he was old enough to want anything ... or at least old enough to realize how much math was involved in a career as an astronomer. HIGHWAY 9 is going nowhere, and, with the exception of David Foster Wallace, Dave Eggars, and that Volleman fellow, every newish novel I've read has been terrible. How am I supposed to advance the art of Novelty Novelty (he he) if I hate what is being done now? "Then again and all the time, Every minute, never ending, Unrelenting all around This world falling indesidiously. Ovulating movement, Motion: this way, that way. Always take a free fall, Love love, kiss kiss, Make do. FREE TO BE is what I need." Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: Elf Power - "Nothing's Going to Happen"

 http://www.lacitybeat.com/article.php?id=415&IssueNum=24

 Deadened in this sleep this morning, I dreamt of incredible heat. I'm approximately awake now, in that ball park. Good. I'm going to head outside to the beach with a novel of Richard Brautigan, my Highway 9 notebooks, a waterbottle, and make an attempt to soak up sun filtered through generous helpings of SPF... Whoa. Okay. Hold. Giddy down. Forget all that. Cold and cloudy--it is. By COLD, I say it's 66 F. By cloudy, I say, crossing the sky like marshy astroids. Hokay. Change of the plans. Titrade in my head. I'll go to the Used Book Bin II and I'll engage myself in active book speech to the owner there, his name is Bastus . This windy one is a real treat if there is a day you can find him. He is widly informed into which in the modern world of printing, goes. I think about the disorder I suffer, and thank the good Lord that I am not suffering from HIS disorder. Quiet and locked up, hysteria in his brain, trapped inside. Quiet hysteria, perhaps trapped inside, building up under his old gray skin, causing his forehead to buldge in that strange way that it does. When I find out what new used books he's got, and which of the other 200,000 I've already discarded as "Books Erik Will Never Frigging Read." Books like, "Trapped," now a Major Motion Picture. And "Ten Habits of Highly Effective People." No thank you. After the Bin I'll headed up to Books-A-Million and buy coffee and leave immediately. Temptation is too large if I remain there for length. I must find a place quiet which I can trail-off with my eyes closed. It would be nice. A quiet place. I need that kind of quiet. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: Death Cab for Cutie - "Title and Registration"

 I was looking through some old posts and found this quote from Eddie. "...we had Jones Energy Drink. It tasted slightly different than the other energy drinks only because every energy drink tastes the same with a slight difference in each." WTF?

 Happy Easter to the mo fo's out there. Yes, Eddie had Easter already but that is just too bad. I read about the easter bunny beatings...that is just nuts. I need to start figuring out how the whole blogger book is going to work. I will have to put everything in a document backwards so you won't have to read from front to back. Or maybe I will make it like a hebrew book where you DO read it front to back AND left to right! WOW, that would be fun trying to read with out loosing you mind. I shall start playing with it. I will need to work on the formatting and crap like that. I want to get something out around Oct or Nov since that will be a year of writing. Eddie having trouble between two women. Sucks to be you...NOT. I am glad that I am married and happy! No more games and crap like that....hold on...okay fine, the games have just changed in to married type head games! Great....SAVE ME FROM THIS HELL! Beck is going to kick my butt now! Hee hee. Just kidding honey! ST PS. Anyone have a couch that I can crash on when I get kicked out of my house?

 Check this shit out... urlLink Easterbunnybeatings by the way... the blogger is working properly now

 OK Dude, You really have lost your friggin mind...

 I like monkeys. The pet store was selling them for 5¢ each. I thought that was odd since they were normally a couple thousand dollars each. I decided not to look a gift horse in the mouth. I bought 200. I like monkeys. I took my 200 monkeys home. I have a big car. I let one of them drive. His name was Sigmund. He was retarded. In fact, none of them were really bright. They kept punching themselves in their genitals. I laughed. Then they punched my genitals. I stopped laughing. I herded them into my apartment. They didn't adapt very well to their new environment. They would screech, hurl themselves off of the couch at high speeds and slam into the wall. Although humorous at first, the spectacle lost its novelty halfway into its third hour. Two hours later I found out why all the monkeys were so inexpensive: they all died. No apparent reason. They all just sort of dropped dead. Kind odd like when you buy a goldfish and it dies five hours later. Damn cheap monkeys. I didn't know what to do. There were 200 dead monkeys lying all over my apartment. On the bed, in the dresser, hanging from my bookcase. It looked like I had 200 throw rugs. I tried to flush one down the toilet. It didn't work. It got stuck. Then I had one dead, wet monkey and 199 dead, dry monkeys. I tried pretending that they were just stuffed animals. That worked for a while. That is until they began to decompose. Then it started to smell real bad. I had to pee but there was a dead monkey in the toilet and I didn't want to call the plumber. I was embarrassed. I tried to slow down the decomposition by freezing them. Unfortunately, there was only enough room for two monkeys at a time, so I had to change them every 30 seconds. I also had to eat all the food in the freezer so it didn't all go bad. I tried burning them. Little did I know my bed was flammable. I had to extinguish the fire. Then I had one dead, wet monkey in my toilet, two dead, frozen monkeys in my freezer, and 197 dead, charred monkeys in a pile on my bed. The odor wasn't improving. I became agitated at my inability to dispose of my monkeys or use the bathroom. I severely beat one of my monkeys. I felt better. I tried throwing them way but the garbage man said that the city wasn't allowed to dispose of charred primates. I told him that I had a wet one. He couldn't take that one either. I didn't bother asking about the frozen ones. I finally arrived at a solution. I gave them out as Christmas gifts. My friends didn't know quite what to say. They pretended that they like them but I could tell they were lying. Ingrates. So I punched them in the genitals. I like monkeys.

 Blogger not publishing right! Uh oh! Blogger people need to fix this! ST test out.

 So here I am... Easter Sunday and I am going golfing. I hope y'all have some good dinners. Status update... I think it is over between Elena and I. I also told Steph that I wanted to just hang out. This did not go over well lastnight, but then we talked about it today. It is all cool now with Steph and she is actually glad I said it. After thinking that it was just another notch on the belt, it was hard to explain to her why I didn't want to have that kind of a relationship. We did, however, decide that we should not drink around eachother. Just ends up not being right. We have that little thing of letting shit slip when we are around eachother and tipsy. The deal with Elena, on the otherhand... Here is how it went down. I went out to the bar Friday.. This is after I had been drinking for 6 or 7 hours prior, I bought her a juice. No biggy, just wanted to sit and hang. She said something that apparently pissed me off and I got up, grabbed the juice and took it back to the bar and said "give the money back!" The bad thing is I don't remember what the hell was said. Either way... it was not good. So, there you have it... I have cut off both and still kept one friend atleast. But, as a spindoctor I know that works for PA says "Everything is repairable." I don't know if I want to repair that one though. This is going to make for an interesting book when these are printed out. Maybe it will be a "Coffee Table" book... he he he... Well, y'all... life here is still interesting. I miss my kid. Eddie



 Double O is freezing his ass off. Meanwhile, in Panama City, FL, it is 88.2 F at 6:30 p.m. Wonderful, isn't it? And I'm giving it all up... excellent.

 I took a ride yesterday to the village of Lickesac, or something like that, to see where the hell we were flying fuel to. Man is it small. I couldn't believe that people would live out in the middle of no where. What these people are doing out there is beyond my knowledge. I got some pictures inflight and i will be sure to send them to you guys as soon as i get them developed. Some village names I have come up with since i have been here: Lickesac, Sucatit, Pasingas, Wannakisit, and the list goes on and on. So far things are going good. We've only had minor mechanical problems except for a carborator change on one #4 engine. Ive been puting about 12-15 hours a day, so I hope to make bank when its all said and done. freez'n my azz off, Double O

 I went to the beach today, if you guessed it was at St. Andrew's Bay, you'd be dead on. That's exactly where I went, looked at honeys, got tanned and took pictures of pellicans shitting on rocks. It was good to get out. Especially when the cook-out was during duty hours! Peace and Love, The Song of the Day MUNGO: Something Corperate - "Space"

 Mungo i am so sorry to hear that you lost a great friend. I remember you talking about her often and i hope my condolances find your heart. I am presently writting you all from the King Eider hotel in Barrow, Alaska. YES I AM IN BARROW!!! You cant get any further north Alaska than that. NAC was given a contract to fly fuel to a small village south of Barrow, and they needed my expertice to complete the mission. (well, not really, but i wanted to go) Its about 0 here right now and lots of nothing. As i was flying here from Fairbanks, i was amazed by how desolate it is bast the Brooks Mountain Range. After the mountains, there is absolutely nothing for miles and miles. And then there is Barrow. Havent seen any polar bears yet, but I did see some caribou right outside the runway today. Hope everyone is doing well and I will be intouch. Double O

 (by "here" I mean "Florida")

 I have only small support here. Thank you. I'll write more later, when...this doesn't. you know. Mungo

 Eddie said it. I can't put it any better. Sadness is now visiting my house too. What a crappy house guest, huh? We are here for you Mungo. Bro's

 Bro, I am sorry to hear about your loss. Feel this though... Your loss is our loss because of the pain. You know that we are all brothers. The way I feel is that we are beyond what blood ties. They say that family is the thing that will never leave you, this may be true, but you 3 are the ones that will never leave my side, and nor will I leave yours. My prayers are with you. And I would guess that even ST's would be even though the boy has no faith other than what his wife gives him. he he he... On the real side though, we are always there for you. On this one I will sign this differently... The Bro's

 My friends, the news I've been fearing for the last 15 months hit me last night at 6 p.m. Jill Westergard, the girl I'm writing my new book about, died on March 28th from a siezure. She was in a car accident in New York on Thanksgiving 2002 and has been in bad shape ever since. Maybe I should praise God for ending her pain. I can't say anything else. Don't remember ever being this sad. Mungo

 I also agree with what ST said. Also, good luck. Did anyone check out the Lomo thing? I'm hooked. I'm actually going to get my lomo style photos together into the same albums... now that I know there is a category for them. AWESOME. Oh yaw, Eddie. Remember: If the worst problem you have in your life is choosing between women...Well, let's just say there are men we all know that would kill to be in that position! Relax and do what you KNOW is the right thing. I'd wager you already know. Square your shit away, grab your balls, and do the right thing for yourself. Your Friend, Mungo Song of the day: Ween - "Tried and True"

 Crescents Rulio. So do Cheez-Its.

 THESE WORDS ARE JUST MY OPINION! I am not there and don't know either woman BUT...I know that you will NEVER move to Russia to live. Also, I would wonder about Elena's motives. Does she want to just find someone so she can get to the US? I am not saying you aren't a good catch...hell if I were a woman...nevermind. Anyway, woman jumping on GI's for a "ride" to the states happens ALL the time. Just be careful with her. Steph seems like she is more stable...meaning that she will be there your whole tour, she is moving back to the US sooner or later and you KNOW she isn't after your money. Yes, break it off with one of them. Do it soon. Be kind and do it face to face. Expect it to get cold with the one you break it off with (duh!). It is obvious which one I would rather see you with but I am NOT there and don't know the whole story so it is up to you. Also, remember that you aren't looking for the one right now, right? Or is Eddie having a change of heart and may be open to the idea of a relationship? Another thought...Is Steph staying in or is she getting out? Just wondering. Good luck and let us know what goes down. ST Now I want some stupid cresents! Dang it!

 Some places I'm looking at going this spring with my friend, Timmy: http://www.alaska.net/~egropp/hiking/bomber.html http://www.aklong.com/hike/hikepics.htm http://www.dnr.state.ak.us/parks/aktrails/ats/ken/swanson.htm http://www.adn.com/adn/yip/18A.html http://users.ev1.net/~jmetzger1/Alaska/alaskamoon.htm (the Crow Pass Section) http://www.morningglory.com/alaska/glacier.html

 Blowing people off and ignoring them is a terrible idea, whether you hate someone or not. And you don't hate either of these girls. Those three little words are dangerous. If you can't say them back without lying, don't. And if you don't see that relationship going anywhere, the sooner you tell her that: the better. I think men have a certain obligation to women to guard women's hearts. With the exception of me and a few others out there, men are typically slower to "fall." Women, on the other hand, are far more emotional and fall faster and deeper than men ever ever ever do. If you choose to end the dealyo with Elena, be kind and do it face to face. If you choose to end the dealyo with Steph, explain things to her as well. But I think it definitely is for the best to end it with one of them, and soon. Don't string Steph along while you're renting hotel rooms out with Elena...I don't think it would be fair to either of them...Especially if Steph is someone you're looking at perusing a relationship with. That's all I have. (and you know this line is coming....) I support you either way you choose. Peace and Love, Mungo

 First off... Mungo, I hope your crescents were good... Next up... I finally talked to Elena and what I was assuming was her being pissed off apparently was not. She came right up to me when I saw her and planted a wet one on me (kiss that is... fucking pervs) This is not exactly what I was expecting. I was actually hoping for the cold shoulder. That would have made it easier to stay away and break it off that way. Instead we actually had to talk things out. I basically told her that I felt like I was getting to close and that I was not going to be around as often. Yeah, this worked real well, right up until the point where we got the hotel room. So I still said the stuff about us needing to back down a bit, but damn... The chick is a hottie, even when she has no make-up on, so it is not brutal to wake up to in the morning. So, needless to say, it didn't pan out the way I was expecting it to. Now here comes the other issue. Steph is a good person. There is some stuff that I will tell y'all about if you catch me on messenger, but I am not going to post it here and I would prefer that you did not add your guesses to what it is on here either. Anyway, so Steph is 30, brown hair, blue eyes, SSgt type. What is it with me and 30 yr olds right now... It is almost funny... We went to the OHOP (Osan House Of Pancakes) and had dinner tonight... Well, more like breakfast, but anyway, we went out to eat. Sat there for a while and talked then she stopped by my room and we just kinda hung out and I gave her a back massage. (honestly, nothing else involved in tonight's endeavor and all of our clothes remained on.) Don't really know what else to really say about Steph, other than it is another cool chick to hang with. So the dilemma part of this... Man, I feel like an idiot. It would have been better if Elena just blew me off and didn't want to talk to me. By the way... She also said those 3 little words to me and I started to get nervous. And no, the 3 words were not "Lick my clit"... Unfortunately... That would have been easier to deal with too. However, I like Steph too, but I don't really see that going anywhere either. Elena is supposed to leave in the near future though (that is what she says anyway) Steph will be here until I PCS and I don't have to translate shit when I talk to her, unless we get into the shop talk type shit. Man, I really never expected to be in this situation. I never found myself to be that attractive (though I don't think I am Quasimodo either) and my personality is generally cocky as shit. Not exactly the best qualities in a person. Fuck dudes... Do I blow one off or just pretend like nothing is going on. I have a feeling that the latter would backfire at some point though. I could just see walking around and, hey, there are both of them talking to eachother or some shit like that. You know, the worst case scenario. This is actually making me chuckle a bit while I am typing. My sense of humor really is fucked up. Fuckin A buddies... Fuckin A.

 check it out, y'all...a whole brand of photography right up MY alley www.voxus.org

 I have two minutes before I have to check on the oven. food in there baking. It's been super long since I've used my oven and the smell of this hot bread is driving my empty stomach up the wall. Insane style. Yeps one minute remaining before my crescents are done. Mmm.... so, skids huh? Looks like Eddie's got some relationship skids too. So. Is there anymore to this Stephanie chick? Mungo Ding fries are done

