 It always makes me sad to see a college place kicker miss a game-winning or game-tying field goal at the very end of a game or in OT, especially when the guy then just stands there staring at the goalpost for a couple minutes after the other team starts going crazy, and his team leaves the field with their heads down. Of course, if it happens to kansas, I laugh.

 Listening to urlLink Robbie Williams at work makes the whole day brighter. Take That!, country music!

 Today during lunch I saw a girl trying to parallel park her boat of a car. This task in and of itself would be difficult enough, but was impossible once the girl turned the car completely perpindicular to the curb. I wanted to yell "Lady, it's not a urlLink Smart Car! "

 I'm reading a urlLink CNN article about a girl suing Maury Povich. CNN always has a box in its articles that let you select "alert topics," so that if there's a story with this topic, it will be emailed to you. One of the "alert topic" options was Maury Povich. Seriously, outside of Connie Chung, is there anyone in the world who MUST KNOW everything they can about Maury, and if there's any news about him, they need to know NOW. If so, I hope I never meet these people.

 I dare you to read urlLink this without getting Footloose stuck in your head.

 This isn't really a new thought, but I've been thinking about it this morning. I would LOVE to start a Mark Hamill online fan club, and ignore the fact that he was in Star Wars. Just talk about the video games, animated voices (did you know he was in The Little Mermaid?) and movie classics such as urlLink Laser Hawk. Then I would giggle away when any Star Wars super-fans would say "What about Star Wars?!" Then I would say, "What's that? You can't just make up movies, pal."

 Just checking if I can add a comment section...

 We listen to country at work. I hate it, but listening to Tim McGraw's "Don't Take the Girl" makes me think, exactly where does this character live that he both A) Goes to the local fishin' hole with his dad and neighbor girl and B) Gets mugged in front of the "picture show"? I hate country.

 Hooray for urlLink Tony Pena !

 I wish I had a robot.

 There have been a lot of things said about Ricky Clemons and the investigation surrounding him. But, I think Andrew summed it up best when he said, "It's not like Quin lured him to Missouri with promises of sweatpants."

 I think one of the hardest things about being a rock star would be coming up with the ideas for album cover art. I could never do that.

 I tried this yesterday, but appearantly someone snuck a stupid pill into my lunch, as I had an apostrophe in "comes," which would just be wrong on so many levels... Anyway, as I could not for the life of me figure out how to get rid of it, I deleted the entire thing. So, here we go, Watch Out! Here Comes Kara! v. 2.0

 This afternoon NDSCS hosted the Minneapolis Community and Technical College, whose mascot is the Marauders and their colors are red and purple. You read that right. Red and purple. I told the stat boy, "I feel confident in saying no self-respecting pirate would wear red with purple." Then he looked at me with a look that said, "I cannot believe I have to work with you for the next four hours."

 While I don't have adult ADD, I think I'm close enough that I'd be really good at faking it.

 My brother turns 21 in a couple weeks. I need ideas for a kick-ass present.

 A man from Texas set a Guinness World Record for holding urlLink nine snakes in his mouth for 10 seconds. This beat the previous record of eight snakes. Of course, he held that record, too. And he plans on besting this record. Why keep doing it? If you're convinced you can do 12 snakes, why mess around with 8, 9, or 10? Do it once a be done, pal! Jackie "The Snakeman" Bibby has done TV appearances and the like to make money off this stunt, but was not paid for this record-breaking acheivement. In what may be my favorite line in the article, he did it "for the prestige, the glory and the attention." Yes, the glory of holding nine rattlesnakes in your mouth. One big question I have is, how do you come to find out you're capable of doing this? This is the way I imagine it: You are out camping with your friends, drunk beyond belief, when one says "Hey! I bet you can't put that rattlesnake in your mouth!" So, of course you prove him wrong. You see the "prestige" holding a poisonous reptile in your mouth garners among your circle of friends, then decide to practice and improve so that one day EVERYONE will see the "glory" in your actions as you hold nine of them in your mouth and break your own world record. It's a life only a chosen few can aspire to lead.

 If they can make a urlLink theraputic robot seal surely I will have a robot, named Rocky, before I turn 30. I can't wait!

 I love Family Feud. Richard Karn is a terrible host. He forgets to tell the No. 1 answer during fast money. Some of us want to know that, Al! Also, he is not one bit funny. Sidenote: I saw one of the worst answers EVER today during fast money. Q. Name something made of satin. A. Boots. WHAT?!

 If I ever become a bank robber, I hope to have a better nickname than urlLink The Puffy Cheek Bandit . Seriously, why do you puff out your cheeks while robbing banks?

 I'm not ashamed of the fact that I watched urlLink The Bachelor finale. I'm not even ashamed that I've been looking forward to it. Shoot, I even got a group together to participate in "The Rose Ceremony Game" (a bracket for The Bachelor). No, what shames me is that I had Bachelor-related dreams last night, and today I'm STILL mad he picked Estella! Stupid Bob!

 The SNL that ran during lunch featured musical guest Bjork. Maybe I'm wrong, but I don't think Bjork and SNL have the same audiences. In fact, I didn't know ANYONE listened to Bjork. Then, this big, jockish looking kid walks by and goes, in what sounded like a sincere tone, "Ooooh... Bjork!" What!? In my opinion, the best thing -- the ONLY thing -- Bjork ever did was appear on a very funny episode of Space Ghost Coast to Coast. (She was Space Ghost's wife and wouldn't let him go with Zorak to throw lightbulbs in the dumpster.)

 On the Today Show: "Michael Jackson has never been described as 'normal.'"

 It seems "Islands in the Stream" performed by Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton has made its way onto the regular playlist on the wonderful country station we listen to at work.

 Over lunch I noticed a pickup truck in my parking lot has what appears to be a deer skull complete with antlers (horns, not basketball fans) attached to the grill. Neato!

 1. Frubes 2. Goodge 3. Blog 4. Any word sang to country music (Seriously, this station is going to push me over the edge!)

 I don't know exactly what I'm going to do when I "grow up," but I do know that whatever it is, I want to do it long enough and well enough that in some point in my career I'm roasted.

 Last week I mocked a girl for her poor parallel parking abilities. Today at lunch I tried three times to parallel park before giving up and moving down the street. Grrrr.

 I don't think I have what it takes to be a fan of a good team. I'm serious. The Royals about turned me grey since this is the first time in recent memory that their season didn't "end" in early June. Then, here come the Chiefs, and courtesy of the CBS stations in Fargo and Minneapolis, I have to try to follow their game via yahoo game tracker and by calling my brother who is listening to it. Mizzou is playing for the Big XII North title next week. I'll have an ulcer by then. And don't even get me started on the Tiger basketball team. It used to be much easier, back when all my teams were really bad.

 I woke up this morning, and my first thought was, "I should check and make sure the Chiefs are on TV!" Now, wouldn't you think the closest AFC team would garner CBS coverage, escpecially when said team is 9-0? I thought so, so I wasn't too worried while checking TVGuide.com. But, much to my dismay, I saw that both CBS stations I get are showing Baltimore at Miami. Now I'm no geography whiz, but aren't both Cincinnati and Kansas City closer to Fargo and Minneapolis than either Baltimore or Miami? Stupid "regional" coverage. I should buy them USA maps! And, the best part, I woke up at 7:30 worrying about this, and now I can't go back to sleep. Guess I'll go watch cartoons.

 For about a half second, I was upset that I missed the Real World Season Finale last night. Then I remembered it will probably be on MTV 1000 more times before Christmas, so I'll still get to see it. I honestly am a little sad. I really liked this cast. Except Adam, that guy was a tool. But, he did add a lot of unintentional comedy, especially when he would rap in the confessional. Oh, you can't make up stuff like that, folks.

 I had to laugh at lunch today when I saw four of our Canadian basketball players watching "The Kids in the Hall."

 1. You spend half an hour watching VH1's Spice Girls Behind the Music hoping to see shots of Dave Beckham, and there aren't many. (But, I'm not going to lie. Seeing Dave was just an excuse. Deep down, I wanted to know the stories behind those five plucky Brits. Girl Power!) 2. You laugh for five minutes when one of the "good-looking" guys from "Average Joe" says to the girl "I'm really into the important things in life. God. Animals. Those are the things that really matter." 3. You realize you probably won't see grass in the yard again until March. And, I don't even have a yard.

 I just saw a dump truck removing excess snow from a parking lot. In NOVEMBER. Apparantly this is a common occurance in North Dakota.

 urlLink This could be your future.

 A small town in Kansas is urlLink requiring residents to buy guns. Any households not complying will be fined $10. Not everyone has to buy a gun, though. "Those who suffer from physical or mental disabilities, paupers and people who conscientiously oppose firearms would be exempt," according to the CNN article. Paupers? Do they really have a lot of "paupers" in a Kansas town of 210? Does anyone still use the word pauper? "Yeah, I was at the intersection, and this pauper had a sign that said 'Vet needs help. God Bless You.' I think it may have been Tilt."

 I'm not sure Luke Skywalker Junior (aka, my car) is cut out for a winter in North Dakota.

 I just got a free turkey from work. Awesome!

 Seems the University of Missouri wants us to forget urlLink Ricky Clemons was ever at Mizzou. Ah, if only it was as easy as digitally altering a picture. Is there a way they can digitally alter his craptacular shooting in the Tournament? Because, I'd like to forget that...

 ku is urlLink giving away tickets to their bowl game. Man, those jayhawks have school spirit!

 For some reason, even if there's a comment, the comment section says Comments (0). Grrrrr....

 The "All-Christmas" station I'm listening to is playing his song "Angels," from "The Ego Has Landed." Good song? Yes. Christmas song? No. This is the second time they've played Robbie on this station, which is definitely NOT a bad thing. The first song, however, WAS a Christmas song, called "Walk This Sleigh." That Robbie is so funny...

 You really can find anything at urlLink Wal-Mart!

 I think it's well documented that I dislike country music, and I hate listening to it while at work. So, I've been listening to streaming-audio radio stations now, and since it IS the holiday season, I've been listening to the Christmas music stations. One of them is labeled "Festivus Christmas." Am I crazy, but isn't Festivus the fake holiday the Costanzas celebrate?

 I know I've said a lot of bad things about the country station that I'm forced to listen to while at work. Well, not listen to, but hear... anyway, today they almost totally redeemed themselves for playing "I Love This Bar" 15 times a day. That's right, they played the best Spanglish Christmas Song Ever!!! FELIZ NAVIDAD!!! I love that song!! (Which, by the way is what I meant the title to say. It's been 5 years since I've taken Spanish, and I don't remember if it's "This and These have Ts" or "This and That have Ts." I went with This and These, so my That has no T. Not sure if that's right. Anyway, I apoligize to all you Spanish speakers for butchering your language. And also, I want to wish you a Merry Christmas, I want to wish you a Merry Christmas, I want to wish you a Merry Christmas, from the bottom of my heart...)

 My favorite part of A Charlie Brown Christmas is when all the kids dance when they're supposed to be practicing the play. Man, they have some great moves. Also, my roommates--including Kelli--and I discovered last year that dancing like a Peanut can be a great stress reliever and a lot of fun! Try it sometime!

 Some guy made real-life urlLink Tomacco!

 Reasons why today doesn't really suck, despite its sucky potential... 1) I wore my red shoes to work. 2) The Charlie Brown Christmas special is on tonight! 3) Mizzou plays tonight! 4) I can always take a nap when I get home.

 These are the factors in my unusually high level of crabbiness this morning: 1) I stayed up way past my bedtime to watch the ku game. 2) ku won. 3) I woke up this morning at 5-5:30 because some girls were making a whole lot of ruckus in the hallway.I think they were fighting over a boy. In my opinion, a two-timing boy is not worth 1) fighting over 2) waking up your neighbors at 5:30. 4) My printer is going crazy.

 So, people think kansas is the No. 1 team in the country. Well, on the bright side, this will make it all the more entertaining to watch them implode. Trust me, it will happen...

 Pro: I love Christmas music! Con: Stations really have to stretch to cover 24 hours of Christmas music without playing the same songs over and over. This means, of course, they must play some crappy music at times. I'm talking about the Christmas songs written in the past 5-10 years. There has not been a good Christmas song written lately. I'm convinced there are no good Christmas songs left to be written. It's done. If you're an aspiring composer, don't even mess with creating a holiday song, because there aren't any left. Not any good ones, anyways. Pro: Two words: Feliz Navidad. Man, I love that song! Con: Stylized Christmas Carols. If the original song has one note per word, there is no reason to glide all over the scale when you sing that word. This is a perfect example of why I should be in charge of a music tribunal that must approve all musical remakes. Pro: Bing Crosby. On the radio. Does it get any better? Con: Back to the crappy new Christmas songs. "Christmas Shoes"? Nice sentiment, crappy song. Neither a pro nor a con, but something that's been bothering me: I frankly am quite amazed that urlLink "Silent Night" rhymes. Seriously, it was written to rhyme in German, but it also rhymes in English! This leads me to believe one of two things happened:1) Mohr and Gruber were geniuses and wrote a beautiful carol that rhymes in any language 2) Translators took liberties with the translations. If ever in my life I write a song that rhymes in multiple languages, I will consider it a life well spent.

 Last night I caught a little bit of VH1's Big in '03. I flipped to it while they were in the middle of parading out all kinds of reality TV stars. Then, they named the biggest reality star of 2003. Drumroll... Evan Mariott -- the original Joe Millionaire. The best part, he accepted the "award" in honor of his aunt who fighting cancer. I wanted to yell at him, "Hey, pal! It's not really an award! You can't give "thanks" speeches for a fake award. It's a great, big joke, and you're the butt of it! Don't accept that in honor of your aunt! She's going through enough as it is!!!"

 It seems historians have discovered several quotes attributed to Abraham Lincoln are urlLink actually fake. What will they discover next, that Mark Twain never said, "I'm hungry. Fix me some dinner!" or Thomas Edison never said, "Fix it yourself." or Tony Blair never said, "MANDATORY!!!" ???

 - The trip from CP to Wahpeton (which I've made 3 times in the last 6 weeks...ugh.) goes by a lot faster when you listen to the following: 1) Robbie Williams 2) The Chiefs game 3) Christmas Music!!! - My cousins and I went to see "Elf" as our post-Thanksgiving traditional movie. I loved it. This was the best part: The characters in the movie begin singing Christmas Carols to raise the Christmas spirit. Then, the man sitting next to us starts singing along, loudly, as if he expects everyone in the theater to start singing, too. I almost cried. - I love the stations that switch to an All-Christmas Music format following Thanksgiving. (More on this later.) - At first I was very, very angry when kU got a bid to a bowl game. But, then I realized, when they lose, they'll finish with a losing season. Yippee!!! - I have a new challenge. Keeping four, count them four, houseplants alive.

 * Travon Bryant might only be the fourth-most talented player on Missouri, but I say he's indispensable. My question: Who is the third-most talented?

 There's one song they play on the station here, (maybe it's called "Love's been a little hard bit on me" -- that's the chorus, anyway) that every time I hear it, I get a little excited because the beginning sounds a LOT like the theme song to Alvin and the Chipmunks. Then, I realize that, sadly, a country station would probably not be playing that. It's an emotional rollercoaster here, I tell you!

 Guess who gets to ride on a bus all the way across North Dakota! If you guess me, you win! I've never been to western North Dakota, but I'm picturing western kansas, only colder. If that's not a recipe for good fun, I don't know what is!

 A friend of mine caught me using a North Dakota "o" yesterday when I said "I don't know." It's a good thing I'm going home in a week and a half!

 But if any of them are reading this, I am neither interested in getting viagra CHEAP nor in enlarging my penis. Not really in either target market, thanks.

 Last night I was getting into my car, and the driver's side seat is covered with these chunks of ice, all on the back and seat. I look on the driver's side window, also covered with ice on the inside. "What?!" I'm thinking. I check to make sure the window is rolled all the way up. It is. Then I find the culprit. In the cupholder. My can of Diet Dr. Pepper (Thanks, Jill!) from the night before had exploded and then froze in its explosion pattern. One point for exploding pop. Well, I'm late for my destination, so I say, "No time to clean this off!" and I just get a blanket from the backseat and sit on it. I'm just driving across town, no big deal. The windshield has a little frost on it, but I figure it's nothing that will prevent me from driving the 2 miles I'm going. I'm not even halfway across the parking lot, when I realize, I can't see. So I stop in the middle of the parking lot (it's empty) to scrape my windshield. I also try the trick that I seem to always try, but I don't remember it ever working. Windshield wiper fluid. Maybe this works in Missouri when it's around 30, but it doesn't work in ND when it's -3. But, I kept driving, with the windshield wipers going and the fluid still refreezing on the outside. Also, I'm getting a thin lair of frost inside. I pull onto the street, then freak because I can't see at all. So I just stop. I would have pulled over, but I couldn't tell if there were parked cars or not. After sitting in the street for about 30 seconds and trying the wiper fluid trick again, I rolled down my window and did my best Ace Ventura impersonation so that I could drive the 20 yards to the parking lot up ahead. One point for making me stick my head out of my car in -3 degree weather. (Side note, not related to weather. When I finally got to my destination, the people I was meeting weren't there. I was at the wrong bar. When I finally met them, it was 25 minutes after I left my apartment. It should have taken 5-10 minutes to get there. Grrr.) And the final point is for this being one of the first things I heard this morning, which prevented me from leaving my warm covers which resulted in me being late to work: "Current temperature, 12 below."

 I'll admit, I've been frequenting Tigerboard this afternoon. I can't help it. I worry. What made me laugh was there are post after post after post discussing Ricky Clemons, then you scroll down, and there's a post that says, "Boy that TJ Soyoye sure could pump fake." If that doesn't make you laugh out loud, I don't know what will! Oh, the days when all we had to worry about was if TJ would pump once, twice or three times before maybe getting off a shot.

 There's a commercial where a guy comes up to his past self and starts spouting all this advice: "Take the job in Boston! Don't date Becky! Trust me! I'm you in the future!" If I had a time machine, I'd take now-Quin Snyder to talk with circa 2001 Quin Snyder and just have him say: "Don't even think about talking to Ricky Clemons. And, keep your hair long."

 Not just from reading all this garbage about the former player who shall not be named, but from reading the quotes from Mrs. Floyd and Mrs. Stewart. I wouldn't think the wife of the president of a four-campus university system would talk like that...

 Festivus "Christmas" is playing Adam Sandler's Hanukkah Song? In the words of Moe Szyslak, "Whaaaaat?!"

 But I just want to reinforce the fact that urlLink Ricky Clemons is on permanent Kara probation, with no chance of EVER* being removed!!! Has there ever been a player in Mizzou history this embarassing? Not that I can remember. I think no Missouri player should ever wear the number 00 again. It wouldn't be retired, it would be banned! *Unless he discovers the cure for cancer. Then I MIGHT think about it...

 But it just about did this morning when the radio DJ said "Currently 1 below..."

 I like Travon Bryant. And by the way, Kristi, it's not like you have a good track record for picking good players. Do I need to mention one urlLink Tate Decker?

 I've been putting off wearing my heaviest winter coat, because I felt when I started wearing it would be like giving up and admitting the weather had beaten me. Well, later this week the highs are in single digits and the lows are below zero, so bring out the big coat!

 First, Bob goes and picks the wrong girl. I didn't watch Average Joe as diligently as I did The Bachelor, but I did watch last night's episode, and let me just tell you Melana did not do KC proud. Let me just run down what I gathered to be the positive qualities of each guy. Adam (or Average Joe): 27 and owns his own trading company on Wall Street Smart, Funny, Personable, Sincere He seemed really taken by Melana Jason (The "Looker"): Pretty eyes Naturally, she picked Jason. The boy who uses more filler words than real words. I don't care what side of the State Line Melana lives on, the only explanation I can come up with is that she's from KCK. And finally, Andrew Firestone and Jen from the Bachelor have broken up!

 We're urlLink No. 3!!!

 I think USC Cornerback Will Poole is on the right track as to the real concerns surrounding this BCS mess... From urlLink ESPN.com ... "I learned a little about life in general," Poole said. "You can't let a computer make decisions for you. Computers are going to take over. The next thing you know, everybody is going to be out of a job. Computers are going to play football. If you let computers run the world, what are humans going to do?" It reminds me of an old Sega game where robots played baseball, and there were mines in the outfield. Robot players cost more than humans, but boy were they fast and could they hit!!! PS- I think OU deserves to be in the Sugar Bowl.

 Yet urlLink another reason I wish I had the Game Show Network...

 This weekend was the perfect example of how I let sports have too much of an influence on my emotional state. Saturday, the whole world was perfect, because MU won and ku lost. Then, Sunday afternoon I went into a "we-just-got-our-asses-handed-to-us-by-Denver" induced coma and didn't do anything after the game ended. Anyway, some sports-related thoughts from the weekend that was. *MU vs. Indiana Kara Moran Player of the Game award goes to.... Travon Bryant. Following the game, I received a very angry phone call from my sister demanding I take back everything bad I've ever said about my favorite No. 5 not named George Brett or Jason Sutherland. I replied, "Yeah, it was so good to see him try for the entire game." Which set off more anger on her part. But, c'mon, Jeffrey "Bird Man" Ferguson started ahead of him last year. Jeffrey Ferguson!!! He's Canadian, for crying out loud!!! *At one point in the Mizzou game I thought to myself, "I wish I knew the Lithuanian National Anthem, because I'd sing it right now." * AJ looks like he lost a lot of weight. Don't worry, though, because I found it. On Quin Snyder. Not that that's bad. For the first time since joining the Tigers, Q doesn't look like he has an eating disorder. Or an illegal drug habit. *Speaking of Quin, I'm not sure I'm digging the haircut. (And I'm certain I'm not diggng the sweaty shirt-collar. What was that?!) * It was so nice for once to be on the winning end of a come-from-behind, I-can't-believe-what-I'm-watching victory. *Mark my words, if I ever meet Steve Lavin, I will kick him in the shin. I can't remember a game where I've yelled, "SHUT UP!!!" at the color man more. And that's saying something, because I do that a lot. Note to Steve: When you're broadcasting a nationally televised game, you try for a little neutrality. That means, at no point should you say "Hopefully Indiana can get out of here with a win, then Coach Davis can go have some laughs with his friend Bill Cosby." NOOOO!!! You're a sports broadcaster! You have NO HOPES!!!! *Three things became painfully obvious during Sunday's Chiefs game. 1) Clinton Portis is really, really fast. 2) The Chiefs run defense is really, really bad 3) If KC doesn't finish with homefield advantage, our Super Bowl hopes move to 2005.

 I can't really stand a talking Dick Vitale, but for some reason it amuses me to read urlLink his column on ESPN.com . Which really doesn't make sense because he writes the same way he talks.

 I've been watching Kids in the Hall lately, and I don't know exactly why, but urlLink David Foley reminds me of Andrew.

 Two of my aunts gave me four house plants over Thanksgiving. These plants terrified me. They just sat in the corner, daring me to keep them alive, when they knew very well that they hold the upper hand. I was so afraid of over-watering, that I probably waited too long to water, and when I did water, it was not much. So, my plants became very wilty. Well, when it reached the point that none of them were standing up straight, I figured, what do I have to lose? And, I gave them all great big drinks. The next morning, with my anticipation reaching Christmas Morning levels, I ran out into the living room to see all four plants healthy and standing tall. Well, one is still a little wilty, but I can tell it will pull through.

 You need to read this urlLink Tigerboard post.

 I've always liked "Sleigh Ride." But, I LOVE it, now that I've heard it played on steel drums!

 A Newsweek columnist is jesting that the US tortured Saddam while interrogating him by urlLink forcing him to watch "Trista and Ryan's Wedding" repeatedly. So, let's hear it kids! What would be YOUR method of media-based torture? Here are my ideas. For music: "I Love This Bar" on repeat. (This would be very similar to working in my office.) I haven't thought of what TV show I would use for a torture device. As for movies, maybe I'd make him watch "The Thirteenth Warrior." Not even repeatedly. Just once ought to be enough.

 Headline in today's Fargo Forum: urlLink "Robber gets cash but no respect"

 Just call me Susie Homemaker. Last night I finished the peanut butter cookies (grand total: 115, total burnt: 24). I also started the buckeyes, but I got to talking on the phone and ended up not dipping them in the chocolate. That's on the agenda for Bake-O-Rama Day 3, which is tonight. I also made enough dough for 6 dozen sugar cookies, but when I tried cutting the shapes the shape wouldn't stay, so I put that back in the refrigerator so it could chill more. This is possibly THE most boring entry yet. Here are some things I learned during the Bake-O-Rama: *Shortening is disgusting. *If you're going to have a Bake-O-Rama, you should have more than one measuring cup and more than two mixing bowls, otherwise it's a Bake/Dishwashing-O-Rama. *If you add too much food coloring to melted white chocolate, the whole consistency gets thrown off and the pretzel-dipping project ends. * The supply of Christmas sprinkles in Breck/Wahp grocery stores is less than the demand. I missed the boat on that one.

 Sony unveiled the first-ever urlLink Running Robot. I don't think Santa will bring me one, however. So, I'm starting saving now! Seriously, who doesn't want a robot?

 When I listen to Festivus Christmas, I want to hear Christmas music! NOT Enya's "Only Time!" As Amie would say, "Get your head in the game!"

 ESPN's Page 2 says urlLink Saddam picked kU in his NCAA pool. Even further proof that kansas is evil.

 I can't wait for 2003 to end. It's been a crummy year. I've had more friends lose loved ones this year than I care to count. Then there's that whole war thing. Not to mention Pat's accident. 2004 can only be better.

 I don't know when I became a baseball junkie, I think it's been very recent, but I can't get enough of these hot-stove reports. Anyway, it seems urlLink Nomar might have a change of laundry, as he trades in his Red Sox for those of the White variety. Of course, by the time anyone reads this, the whole deal might fall through. Or, he could be playing for a team in the same division as the Royals, and I don't like the thought of that one bit. Not that Ordonez is a bad player. I guess it would be okay. Or, best case scenario, the White Sox could trade Ordonez for Nomar, then trade Nomar somewhere else to cut salary. (I almost wrote "to save cap space." Wouldn't that be nice if there was a cap to worry about!)

 Yesterday I started the 2003 Kara Moran Bake-O-Rama. I planned on making two batches of buckeyes, but I forgot to buy toothpicks, so I ended up making peanut butter cookies. The buckeyes are on the agenda for tonight. Good times in 316. Good times, and the scent of peanut butter permeating everything.

 But for some reason I still don't feel like I'm one week away from Christmas. I don't know what it will take. For crying out loud, there's a half-foot of snow on the ground, I've been listening to Christmas music since Thanksgiving, my advent calendar says there are only 7 days until Christmas, but I'm just not feeling it. I've watched Charlie Brown's Christmas special, and the end of It's a Wonderful Life. I've even been baking Christmas cookies, and as the song says, "Christmas cookies and holiday hearts, that's the way the holiday starts..." But, I don't feel the holiday starting...

 But, I'm really excited for baseball season, and I think the Royals have a good shot at winning the division this year. In fact, I'd be surprised if they didn't. If only their marketing department would use my slogan: "We are going to be SOOOOO good this year."

 Jill somehow manages to remain in my head, despite being roughly 87 states away (I haven't looked at a map lately, but Virginia feels about 87 states away from North Dakota). I've caught myself referring to people as "This one." For example, "This one thinks he's being funny blah, blah, blah." I know that's a Jillism!

 It made my morning to win a free Dr. Pepper from the bottle cap. Seriously, I had an out-loud "Whoo Hooo!!!" Then, it made me very angry this afternoon when I realized I forgot about it and threw it away. Grrrrr. I shook my fist at the trash can.

 Everytime I mentioned the Montana trip to my mom, she would sing the above line. I think she made up the song, but she swears it's real. Anyway, some things from the Montana trip... -- I've never been happier to be short than while riding on the NDSCS bus. I sat across the aisle from one of our 6'7" guards, and he did not look comfortable at all the entire trip. It was a little hazardous sitting across from him, too, because he stretched out across the aisle and had his feet on the armrest on the outside chair in my row (I was sitting by the window) while he was taking a nap. Occasionally, and I do this while I nap, too, he would move suddenly. I got kicked twice. -- After getting kicked couple times, I stretched out my legs to see if they even reached across the aisle. Not even close. --We stopped at a gas station in western North Dakota on the way out. There was a "For Sale" ad posted on the bulletin board with a picture of the item for sale. The picture looked like a tree stump. Huh? Who buys a tree stump? -- I feel confident the crowd at the Miles City game had the highest number of cowboy hats per capita of anyplace I've ever been. And my 6th grade field trip was to a rodeo. -- Not to be outdone by the fans in Miles City, the Dawson CC women's coach "cowboyed up," wearing a turquoise-studded, giant belt buckle. Never again will I complain about one of Quin's outfits. -- We have a player on the women's team from Watertown, S.D. -- the hometown of one Jason Sutherland. Her parents came to the game, and we talked about old number five, how scrappy he was, how he got a lot of T's, how it wasn't HIS fault Tyus Edny broke the hearts of every Tiger fan... it was good fun. They said their HS gym, which holds 4,000, would be full at 4:00 when he played at 7:00. Man, I love that guy! -- Before loading the bus on Sunday morning, I was watching Fox News in the hotel lobby, and some of the men's team were eating breakfast. As I surveyed the people in the room, it hit me, I was the ONLY American there. I was surrounded by Canadians. They kept yapping about how the American media always spins it so the USA is the hero, and so on and so forth. One guy even said, "Just be the bad guy, for once!" It was a very strange experience, watching a major world event surrounded by people with a totally different perspective. -- When I still wanted to work in TV, one of my biggest fear was ending up in Glendive, Mont., the smallest media market in the USA. I was sure that if I worked there, I'd have to run a crank to get the tower working. Well, I faced my former fear this weekend when I visited Glendive, home of Dawson Community College. Let me tell you, my fears were rational. The Wahp's no hot spot, but Glendive...yikes. -- Here's a question. What do you do when your printer gets a paper jam? You unjam it, right? Well, the women's coaches disagree, and they would not let me use "unjam" in our on-bus scrabble game. Grrrr. -- This weekend was good for my morale. I realized that if I decide to make this my career path, I would be doing more of the things I did this weekend, and less pretending to be busy in my office. I really had a lot of fun with the teams. It was fun to finally see the personalities of some of the players. They're a fun bunch of kids. I like them so much, in fact, that if I get really excited during the Great Bake-O-Rama scheduled for Tuesday and Wednesday, I might just make them all cookies for their next road trip. -- Speaking of cookies, the parents I mentioned before were so nice. The mom made me give her my address here, because "Maybe I'll feel like sending you a care package or something. It's just the Mom in me!" Whoo hooo! Potential cookies!!! -- Miles had programs that I'm assuming were sponsored by Pepsi, as they had three large Pepsi logos on the inside. Along the bottom of the page were pictures of officials and explanations of what officials' signals mean. For example, they showed a guy with his hands on his hips, and below it said "Blocking." The last signal had a guy with his hand over his head, and below him it said "Have a Pepsi." Of all the years I've spent involved in the sport of basketball, I never knew "Have a Pepsi" had an official signal...

 I was with the urlLink women's basketball team when they were waiting to load the bus yesterday morning, and we were watching the "Fair and Balanced" Fox News Channel in the hotel lobby. I overheard one girl say to a teammate, "We caught Saddam, yo." It made me proud to be an American. I have more thoughts and funny stories from Montana, but I can't think of any right now. And, I should be working.

 That's a line from a Moran original song that we used to sing when we were getting close to home after going someplace far away. I had it in my head all day today, because I'm going home tomorrow! I hope you all have a great Christmas. I'm a big jerk and didn't send Christmas cards. Maybe I'll make up for it with World Weekly News cards. I'll shoot for February.

 Last night my boss had a Christmas party at his house. We were supposed to bring something sweet to share. I was so tired of baking and had not budgeted for Christmas party cookies, so I went to the grocery store and bought frosted sugar cookies, much like the gifts from God that you can purchase at your local Wal-Mart. We had a lot of cookies left over, so my boss brought them into work and had them in his office. When I was over there for our staff meeting this afternoon, another lady who works in his building stuck her head in the office and said, "You make such delicious sugar cookies!" I just laughed and said, "Me? Those were store bought!" She then told me I had everyone fooled. MWAHAHAAHAHAHA!!! The Trickster strikes again!

 The inaugural Bake-O-Rama also provided a little lesson in AP Style. The phrase "First Annual" is one of my personal pet peeves. I explain to offenders that there's no such thing as a "first annual" anything, because in order to be "annual" it must happen on a yearly basis and if it's the first time it happened, it can't have happened on a yearly basis. A lot of times, the person will reply "What if you PLAN on it happening every year." Well, just because you plan it doesn't mean it will happen. I had planned on making the Bake-O-Rama an annual event, my repertoire of Christmas recipes growing each year until I reached a Martha Stewart level of craftiness in the kitchen. However, after removing the charred remains of multiple forgotten batches of cookies from the oven, nearly removing the tip of my left pinky, having my hands and arms (and after I touched it, my eye) break out after contact with cinnamon oil and spending every waking hour of the past week baking, baking, baking, yet still having to get up early this morning to finish, I can promis you I will NEVER HAVE ANOTHER BAKE-O-RAMA. EVER. I normally LOVE frosted sugar cookies, but now the sight of them turns my stomach.

 I thought it wouldn't be that big of a deal that I almost took off the tip of my left pinky. Well, I have three words that contradict that theory: Shift. Tab. A. I never realized how much I use that finger to type.

 Who would have guessed? Martha Stewart is 62!!! Crazy.

 I was packaging my baked goods this morning so I could distribute them at work. The buckeyes were stuck to the plates, so I thought it would be a good idea to pry/scrape them off with a steak knife. I almost lost my pinkie. I never would have thought so much blood could come out of one little appendage. And, I didn't have any bandages, so I just wrapped it up with a paper towl and got a band-aid at work. Oh, yeah. It's shaping up to be a great day.

 Houston Nutt urlLink turned down the $2 million a year head coaching job at NEBRASKA to stay at ARKANSAS. Does this seem crazy to anyone else. Also, how embarassing is it to have a guy turn down your job to coach at Arkansas. I can't get over this.

 So, it looks like urlLink Nebraska offered Houston Nutt of Arkansas the head coaching job. And he's considering it. What's to consider? You coach at Arkansas?! And you have a chance to not only leave Arkansas, but also to make $2 million in the process!!! Yes, Nebraska fired their coach after his team was 9-3 (10-3 after the bowl, and I think Frank should get credit for that win, too. It was his kids, his program.). BUT, don't you think the REAL reason he was fired was because he was 7-7 the year before and Pederson didn't think he'd have the clout as a new AD to fire the head football coach? That's what I think. I also wonder why on earth Nebraska would want Nutt. "Yes, Husker fans, we fired our 9(10)-3 coach to bring in a guy that finished 9-4. But, he DID beat Missouri and Texas..." If you ask me, Steve Pederson is crazy. You might even say he's "Nutts". Ba dum ching.

 I'm going to start saving for a "just in case Robbie Williams ever comes to America and I need to travel far to see him" fund. Not as practical as an "I want to go to grad school" fund, but much more fun.

 I just heard "Don't Fear the Reaper" on the streaming radio station I'm testing out as a replacement for "Festivus Christmas." I think it's a keeper.

 If the Missouri Tiger Basketball team was my boyfriend, I would dump him for being emotionally abusive. Of course, much like the girls on any daytime talk show, I'd come running back the second he showed any kind of affection, or in their case, played well.

 I bought a robot!!! Now, I should note that it is actually a MicroPet. That means it does not look fancy or like a real robot and it is actually a 2-3" tall rabbit. But, he responds to 18 different commands! If that's not a robot, I don't know what is. Those of you who mocked Bud, I would like you to remember that I am an intern at a junior college. In North Dakota. That means my robot budget is less than five bucks (Bud was a steal at $3.75). So, please keep your bubble-bursting to yourselves.

 It dawned on me while I was at home that I did not have my 2004 MU Alumni Association calendar yet. This worried me, after all, I would be returning in 2004! What are these guys waiting for? The basketball team to play up to potential? But, I digress... Anyway, much to my relief, it was waiting for me in my mailbox upon my return. Whew! That led to the exciting Calendar Change this morning, where I not only updated my MUAA calendar, I also replaced my David Beckham calendar with a Robbie Williams calendar that the wonderful Kelli Wallace gave me for my birthday. Now, you may be thinking, "I can't believe she just wrote an entire entry about calendars." Well, you just read it, sucka.

 Well, missed anyway. My plants were mighty wilty when I returned to The Wahp last night. I'm going to pretend it was because they were sad I was gone.

 What I enjoyed about New Year's Eve: Shooting off a firework called "The Wacky Buccaneer." Arrrrrrrrgh! What I did NOT enjoy about New Year's Eve: Watching my Tigers lose to an inferior Arkansas football team. On to the 2004 campaign, I suppose. Brad Smith for Heisman!!!

 urlLink Michael J. Fox is Canadian. Also graduation wasn't the last time I ever saw him in my life. Although, I was right for more than seven months!

 Q. Which is worse, losing to kansas in football, or losing to Belmont in anything, let alone in a sport where we have National Champion aspirations?

 urlLink MU backup QB Sonny Riccio is transferring. But, it's on good terms. He just knows he'll never play ahead of Bradley Smith, who is the same age as Sonny. We'll always have the memory of your fake FG touchdown pass against Nebraska, Sonny. Also, Nebraska hired Callahan. How can I cheer for that? (Second-favorite team, mind you.)

 Watch Out! Here Comes Kara! is the name of my first fake band. Other fake bands I've been in: 1) The Ufs -- In Spanish my favorite word was "iUf!" just an expression with no meaning, although we said it translated into "D'oh!" Anyway, this was a Spring Break 2001 specialty starring Jill, Britt and Audrey. Our hit song: an amazing cover of The Bloodhound Gang's "The Roof is on Fire." 2) Kara and the Jets -- This is going to be an Elton John cover band. The trouble with this band is three-fold. 1)No one wants to be in the band with me. 2) I have no musical talent. 3) I don't really know very many (read: any) Elton John songs. Don't get me wrong, I know a LOT of the choruses, but that's it.

 I'll admit, I registered on classmates.com. I mean, c'mon, who wouldn't need help keeping track of all 53 other people in the NPHS class of '99. Anyway, some guy named David Adams signed up saying he graduated in our class. LIAR!! There was NO David Adams at North Platte circa 1995-99. Although, my friends and I did play a fun game over break. Randomly say a name, and if people reply in an "I totally forgot about him/her" manner, you get a point. This may only be fun for people from small schools. I'd imagine at larger schools getting that reaction would be easier.

 Some Polish divers are in some trouble after giving urlLink champagne to a freshly caught pike at a New Year's party. I would just like these Polish fishermen to know that if you soak fish eggs in creatin to see the effects, and then the fish die, you would likely be thrown out of the science fair for voluntarily killing vertebrates. Or, so I've heard, anyway...

 Today's Elvis' birthday. Thanks to the fantastic and talented Jill I can celebrate by rocking out to the King's No. 1 hits. I've discovered singing along to Elvis songs is really fun, because you get to jump back and forth from the Elvis voice to the back-up singer voices. Good times.

 But, SI's Seth Davis makes me feel better when he wrote this about Missouri in an article discussing college teams' stock: MISSOURI -- BUY: This has to be one of the best Buys of all time. The Tigers have dropped completely out of the polls after being ranked third in early December. Yes, they have been hurt by the Ricky Clemons scandal, and that home loss to Belmont is as bad as it gets. But they are working through rotation and chemistry issues as they integrate three players they didn't have before -- Jason Conley, Randy Pulley and Kevin Young -- into the lineup. Mizzou has nowhere to go but up, and up it shall go. WHOO HOO!!! Up it shall go!!!

 On Tuesday, two of my coworkers told me I act too old for my age. This is not to mean I'm wise beyond my years, no, they said I need to start acting younger. This really bothered me, as many of you know I have a big age complex anyway. So, to rebel, I didn't iron my pants on Wednesday. Take that! Then I realized, I don't act like an old lady, I'm just really, really lame.

 I haven't been getting as much viagra and penis enlargement junk mail. But, I have been receiving countless emails offering xanax and valium at "small prices."

 Of the urlLink three candidates you talked to yesterday , my pick would be Turner Gill. He's an insider, he maintains the continuity Nebraska has had for more than half a century. Bo Pelini? Schmuck. Who complains to another coach, on the field, about running up the score? Especially when you coach at Nebraska, one of the biggest blow-out offenders. Bill Callahan, (who it sounds like is your first choice)? Jerk. His own players in Oakland had to restrain other players so he wouldn't be beaten up in the locker room. There's a motivator for you. It doesn't concern you at all that he took a Super Bowl team to 4-12 this season? I don't see the Husker Nation rallying around him. Now, Gill. They've loved Gill since the early '80s. He's one of them. He bleeds Big Red, for other than biological reasons. Go with Gill!!

 Something's been bothering me about Mr. Rose now that he's back in the spotlight. Why is his nickname "Charlie Hustle?" Why wasn't it "Pete Hustle?" That makes much more sense to me...

 My glasses are really stretched.

 My eye has been twitching for one week. What's that about. It makes me feel like a nervous, crazy person.

 I'm not sure if I buy urlLink this article in the KC Star.

 ESPN Page 2 named Kansas City the urlLink second-best sports city of 2003. Stick that in your pipe and smoke it, St. Louis!

 I was on The Weather Channel web page, and I was going to save my location because I'm getting too lazy to enter my ZIP every time I check the weather. Well, you have to enter a name for it's "greeting" when you register. At first, I was just going to put "Kara," but on second thought, I thought it would make it a lot more fun to check the weather if The Weather Channel called me "Dude." So, that's the name I entered. I hoped it would say, "Dude, the high today is -5." Which, I think is the best way to find out the high is -5. But, it doesn't. It just says "Good afternoon, Dude." Still makes me smile, though.

 At first I was sad that Raul Ibanez was signed by the Mariners. Now I don't care, because the Royals signed urlLink Juan Gonzalez. Again, the 2004 Royals slogan should be "We are going to be SOOOO good this year!"

 Q. What do you call a radio station that plays Robbie Williams, Guns and Roses, the Beatles and the Rolling Stones in succession? A. The BEST RADIO STATION EVER!!! I've been trying to find an Internet radio station to replace Festivus Christmas in drowning out the horrible sound that is country music. I've definitely found a winner in the UK's urlLink Virgin Radio . I LOVE IT!!!

 Today's HIGH: -7

 3. Rock DJ -- Robbie Williams 2. Little Less Conversation -- Elvis 1. Ice, Ice Baby -- Vanilla Ice

 The weather got three points today, as the cold caused the following things to happen, each worth one point. 1) My CD player in my car wouldn't work. 2) The moisture inside my nose froze. 3) There was frost on my interior rear-view mirror. I was telling a kid I work with that I was telling my mom we probably wouldn't see double digits at all this week. His reply: "We probably will... they'll just be negative." Hooray.

 * Game Show Network * TV Land * ESPN Classic

 It included the following: *Chipotle burritos .... mmmmmm *Shooting someone multiple times, then being relieved when he didn't die *Time traveling to Summer 2002, where I used my knowledge of the future to bet some English guy about the outcome of the World Cup, naturally. It wasn't even a monetary bet. It was just me in a pub telling some guy, "I guarantee you guys draw with Sweden in the first match. And, I bet the U.S. goes just as far as England. You laugh now, but I'll be right."

 Just when I'm ready to give up on Virgin Radio for playing No Doubt's "It's My Life" a few too many times a day, they break out and play They Might Be Giants' "Birdhouse in Your Soul" and totally redeem themeselves!

 If you have to ask, "Who's Jim Stafford?", you haven't been to Branson nearly enough!

 Last night I got home from work, put on my pajamas, crawled under my fleece blanket and was ready to just sit on the couch and be warm. Until I remembered I had movies that needed to be returned. D'oh! On the bright side, I decided I would get a muffin from the new Apple Barrel Cafe just a block from the movie rental place. I was very excited about this muffin. Until, I get there and it's closed. Closed at 7:30. Who runs this town, Puritans? You can't get any food here after 10:00. And, you can't get a drink on Sunday after 8:00. And, you can't buy alcohol in the grocery stores. But, don't worry, you want casinos, we got casinos.

 It seems all the MU administrators are disappointing me. First, Elson's wife gets "involved" with the player who won't be named, then Chancellor Richard Wallace says we need to urlLink tone down the rivalry with kU. WHAT!?!?!!! Just because you're retiring in August doesn't mean you should break out the crazy quotes, pal. He says incidents like the fight between the women's basketball teams are embarrassing. Are you kidding me?! That fight made me proud. It showed they cared. What was his thought process, exactly. "Hmmm... we're a part of one of the oldest, greatest rivalries in college sports. We need to get rid of that in a hurry." Seriously, anyone who has the option of living on the quad should never, ever entertain such a thought. I'm livid, about this, absolutely livid.

 But, I absolutely love their commercials. They're Brilliant! I especially love the one where the guys wake up on St. Pat's morning, they're all decked out in green, their house is decorated, and they're going "It's St. Patrick's Day! It's St. Patrick's Day!" and they run downstairs to find Guinness wrapped as gifts. The tagline is something along the lines of "Treat St. Patrick's Day like a real Holiday." What I love best about this commercial is that they're running it in January. And, it makes me feel justified in being a little disappointed when I noticed the NJCAA National tournament, in which NDSCS will hopefully be participating, is the week of St. Patrick's Day. Like that ruins any big St. Pat's plans. I have a feeling St. Patrick's Day isn't a really big deal in this very Norwegian neck of the woods. But, still, I need to celebrate my favorite non-Jesus related holiday, and if I have to celebrate it (read: drink) by myself (likely), so be it.

 Things I used to be embarrassed about loving, but now freely admit: * Lance Bass - seriously, I dare you to look at him without laughing. The kid wants to go to outer space. Awesome! * Colin Quinn * The Bachelorette * The Real World (although, I'm not sure how I feel about the new cast.) Things I used to freely admit loving, but now I'm a little embarrassed (Though I still love them. For now.): *The Missouri Tiger Basketball Team *Quin Snyder

 I just used a Canadian newspaper as an example. Canada. {Shudder}

 Sometimes Google pisses me off. I love it as a search engine, but I don't spell well, and I feel like sometimes Google is mocking me. For example, say I'm searching for The Montreal Gazette. Maybe when I type it, I go crazy and type "Montreal Gazzette." Google comes back up "Did you mean: Montreal Gazette ?" The bold and italics makes me imagine Google saying the corrected word to me in a very snide, condesending tone. Like that kid in class who feels the need to correct the teacher, when everyone knows the teacher just misspoke. Everyone makes mistakes, Google! You don't have to make them feel badly about it!

 TV Shows I love, and began loving since moving to North Dakota: * The Fairly Odd Parents * Arrested Development * Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn

 One day, in the grocery store, a crazy man approached my mom and asked her if she thought the grapes were any good, because if you buy good grapes it can make your whole world happy. (That wasn't the really crazy part. I believe he went on to say that sometimes those sons of bitches charge too much, and so on and so forth. My mom just wanted some produce.) Anyway, he's right! Sometimes, small things can make your whole world happy. For example, today, it made my morning when I remembered I had just purchased a new chapstick! Happy, Happy Day!

 I can't even verbalize how upset I am that Frankie from Real World San Diego is from Kansas City. I hope she never, ever mentions Kansas City. Seriously, Why do you smoke if you have cystic fibrosis?! And even stranger, how do you develop a phobia of boats when you live in the middle of the country?! Who's afraid of boats?! Not being on a boat, mind you, just looking at them freaks her out. I wish she was from KCK.

 Actually, I do. And, I don't know where they went. I'm a little sad. And I'm pert near ready to give up and add a new comment section, but I don't want to lose the comments that were there.

 {In Transylvanian accent}Fourteen! Fourteen days with a twitchy eye! Ah! Ah! Ah!

 Today at lunch I noticed Mad TV was on the Comedy Central TV, so I opted for the MTV TV and an episode of Rich Girls that I haven't seen. Well, I thought it was just after 1:00, turns out it was just before, and I was stuck watching Real World/Road Rules Challenge while Comedy Central TV folks got Kids in the Hall. Grrr.

 If he called Kleiza a "Tazmanian Devil" one more time, I might have screamed. Does he have absolutely NO sense of geography? Lithuania is not the same as Tasmania, my friend. Grrr. I also heard him use the term "whirly dervish" twice. I've never heard that phrase, outside of "How Do You Solve a Problem Like Maria" from "Sound of Music." But, my favorite line was when he said, "Syracuse doesn't use much of their bench. They usually only go about 6 and a half, 7 guys deep." WHAT!?!?! Yeah, I've always said one of the most important members of a successful basketball team is their 6 1/2th man. Grrrrr. I understand that it's hard to do color for a basketball game and I wouldn't want someone analyzing everything I say, but why on earth would you even think of that? Half people? Also, could nobody get the man a drink of water? He had "I've been at the bar all night, now I'm hung over but I'm pulling through" voice.

 Maybe I wouldn't be so upset if it seemed like the Tigers cared at all. So, my New Year's Resolution, only 13 days late, is to stop caring so much about the Tigers until they start caring. Grrrr.

 Sometimes when I'm typing up game summaries, I leave out the 'o' in 'points.' So the sentence would read, "Susie Basketball finished with 23 pints and 10 rebounds." Then I giggle, because I imagine Susie Basketball playing while consuming 23 pints. Ah, I work in a such a hilarious field.

 My eye is still twitching this morning. That's 12 days. 12. If a twitchy eye isn't a sign that I'm crazy, it could certainly put me on the path to becoming certifiable.

 On first thought, Blech! On second thought, it's not just any Monday, it's an ESPN Big Monday featuring your Missouri Tigers! (Insert toliet cat followed by fight song here) WHOO HOOO!!

 Things I intended to get done this weekend: 1. Clean my apartment 2. Clean out my car 3. Revamp my resume 4. Laundry Things I actually did: 1. Watch "About a Boy" and "The Guru" 2. Watch the end of a Lifetime movie starring Winnie from The Wonder Years 3. Clean my living room To my defense, my weekend really was just Saturday, as we had basketball games on Friday and Sunday. But, I still didn't get much done.

 I'm not sure what bums me out more, the Chiefs losing, or me not being able to watch the game.

 The Twitch is Back. Grrr. Stupid eye.

 NBC ran an ad touting "Friends" as "The best sit-com ever." urlLink Kelsey Grammer disagrees. Seriously, who is in charge of promotions at NBC? Didn't anyone in the meeting that approved that line say, "Hey, what about 'Seinfeld?'" I like "Friends" as much as the next guy, but really, best ever? To quote an old lady on The Price is Right, That's TOO Much!

 It made my morning this morning when I opened ESPN.com, and before I could read a headline, I saw the front page picutre featured a guy wearing a Richmond jersey. "Could it be?" I thought. "Why would they put Richmond on the front page of ESPN.com unless they beat Kansas?" Well, beat Kansas they did! In Lawrence. If Richmond can do it, so can we! WHOOOOOO!

 I went to Seussical the Musical last night in Fargo. Fantastic. I LOVED it. It was very fun. Although, I did not approve of a Who wearing a trucker hat. What was great was when Horton said a line that all the kids liked, then for a minute or two, you heard little kids repeating it. Classic. My favorite lyrics: "And if worse comes to worse; As we all know it will." Oh, yes. A lesson children need to learn early.

 I think my hands look like old lady hands when it's cold out. I don't like that one bit.

 I don't know how the pioneers did it. It is so cold outside. I don't know how they settled the American west without space heaters and long johns. We should do more to recognize the pioneers.

 A Romanian lady had a urlLink 175 pound tumor removed. It weighed almost twice her body weight. I think this is the best line in the article: "She is very well, the lack of the tumor really suits her," Ion Lascar, head of the plastic surgery department of Floreasca Hospital in Bucharest, told reporters on Wednesday. Dude, it's not like you just did an operation on Extreme Makeover, you removed a 175 pound tumor ! Of course it "suits" her!

 I have on so many layers today it's ridiculous.

 Going to lunch early + short lunch + no motivation + little to do + no strict deadlines = LONGEST AFTERNOON EVER

 Last night, I got home from work, turned on the TV, and there was Home and Garden TV. What?! I know I wasn't watching that when I went to bed. I was watching Nickelodeon. What is happening here?! I flipped around, and all the channels were not where they're supposed to be, because the cable company changed plans. Which means --- NEW CHANNELS!!! Including --- TV LAND!!!!! Also added, Bravo, Turner Classic Movies (Planet of the Apes, anyone?), the Sci-Fi channel (Laser Hawk, anyone?) and Oxygen (Two Guys and a Girl, anyone?). Oh, yes. This is fantastic.

 To cheer myself up after the game last night, I ranted for roughly 20 minutes to a friend, who claims to be a kansas fan, about how terrible kansas is. It made me realize there are more important things in life than beating Texas in basketball. Like beating kansas.

 Texas through 40 minutes > Nebraska through 40 minutes Texas through 40 minutes = Missouri through 40 minutes Missouri through 40 minutes > Nebraska through 40 minutes

 Rob came down from Fargo to watch the game. Sadly, our combined Tiger spirit must not have made it all the way to CoMO. Anyway, here are the highlights (not-so-low-lights?)... 1) After Josh Kroenke misses a free throw -- Rob: "What!? You're white!" 2) With Missouri down 4 in the final seconds of OT -- Rob: "Don't do anything stupid." Ron Franklin: "Arthur Johnson for three." 3) That time Rickey Paulding made both his free throws. Oh, wait... 4) Did it freak out anyone else how quiet it was in Hearnes when we were shooting free throws? I thought the sound was off for a second.

 The twitch in my eye stopped Monday. That makes the streak 18 days. I can almost hear Cal Ripken, Jr. breathing easier. I realize my streak wasn't quite as impressive as his, but it was getting awfully close.

 Winterfresh gum + Diet Dr. Pepper = Cough Drop/Medicine

 urlLink Another web page where I will undoubtedly waste too much time.

 This morning on the radio, the DJ was talking about the Iowa Caucus and said, "Boy, it was an exciting night in Iowa. I think that's the first time that sentence has ever been uttered." Hi, Mr. DJ, you may not be aware, but you live in NORTH DAKOTA. Get a little perspective, pal.

 Today I saw a commercial for urlLink Honda's humanoid robot. I'm practically counting down the days. Seriously, why WOULDN'T you want a robot?

 How about those Tigers! I had to miss the ending because we had a game at 2:00. But, fortunately I received voice mail updates from my mom. If the Tigers and I were broken up before, we're definitely back together.

 So, I was watching VH1's Driven: Jessica Simpson on Friday night. My favorite line was from her dad, a minister, when he was talking about Jessica signing with Columbia. He said, "They said, 'Jessica, we want you on our label,' and I was like, 'Yes! There is a God!'" Now, call me crazy, but maybe a minister's belief in God shouldn't hinge on his 17-year-old daughter signing a record contract with Columbia.

 My coat has a kind of tall collar. So, I duck my head down in it to cover the bottom of my face when I go outside. It makes me feel like a turtle.

 That's what I'm hoping, anyway, because, if it is, I win 50 bucks. WHOOOOO!

 Georgia may urlLink ban the word "evolution" from its school curriculum. Now, they aren't going to be like kansas, and ban the teaching of the theory of evolution. They're just going to teach the theory without calling it "evolution". They're going to call it "biological changes over time." They aren't replacing text books, and the teachers can still use the word in the classroom. This is just to pacify hillbilly parents who think only creationism should be taught. It's like the state dept. of education thinks they'll be fooled if the curriculum doesn't actually have the word "evolution" on it. You know, they just might be right.

 I'll admit, I call all my teams "we" even though I have absolutely no role with them. And, I know I'm not the only one to do this. (In psychology, it's called "Basking in the Reflective Glory.") Anyway, in a Hanes commercial, Michael Jordan says, "I think this could be the most comfortable underwear we've ever made." What? I don't think YOU have ever made ANY underwear! Since when are you a Hanes employee? I don't think you're toiling away to make boxers and briefs, MJ. You just hock them on TV. So, if Jordan can say "we" talking about Hanes, I can say "we" talking about Mizzou, the Royals, and the Chiefs.

 urlLink Linas is out for two weeks. Oh, well. It's not like he's our best player...oh, wait. He is.

 In an AP article about American Idol, the author says while the idea is to find America's next pop star, finalists really don't turn out to be "stars." To illustrate this, he (or she) writes: "Though brand-new to show biz, Clay Aiken already seems primed to take up permanent residence in Branson, Missouri, performing nightly at Clay Aiken theater." While I agree, I think it's interesting that the Pop Idol finalists -- Garreth Gates, with his perfectly aligned spikey hair, and Will Young, with his horrific cover of "Light My Fire," -- seemed very popular in the UK. The biggest question, however, is why I even read that article despite having never watched an episode. Still, I did enjoy the promos with the guy who many fomer FARCers point out was very Johnny-esque.

 Some guys urlLink pulled out guns on their friends when they were getting beat at Taboo. Glad they weren't there when Andrew and I had the BEST CLUE EVER in Catch Phrase!

 Tony Harvey, you are on Kara probation. Get used to it, because it could be a long stay. And if things keep going the way they have been, save a spot for Quin.

 According to the urlLink Fargo Forum , this is the worst cold stretch the area has had in eight years. If I ruled the world, I'd have a certain temperature, where as soon as it dropped below that, you have to give the temperature in Kelvin. The benefits to this are many. First, you don't feel as bad about going outside when it's 243 K as when it's -28 F. Just saying "negative" in relation to temperature makes me feel cold! Of course, then we'd give temperatures in Celcius in the summer, so we'd have temperatures that never get above the 50s. That's comfortable! Also, think how smart we would be! We would have a solid grasp on Farenheit, Celcius and Kelvin. And, then all that converting and learning you did in school would have some use. By the way, it's supposed to "warm up" next week (double digits! On the positive side! Whoo!), so I'm just about done complaining about the cold. Probably.

 Last night I had a phone-in request for the classic "Train Conductor" joke. I hadn't told that joke in probably years. And I enjoyed telling it. It makes me want to dust off other classics, such as Starfish and Sandcrab, Nate the Snake, and my personal favorite, Bob and Betty Hill. *Not guaranteed to actually be funny.

 A judge told R. Kelly to urlLink stay away from Michael Jackson at the Grammys.

 I'll look on the bright side. One good thing about the cold, you can use it for an excuse for just about anything. Do you want to play lunch hour basketball? No! It's too cold! I should do the dishes. But, it's really cold, so I'll do them later. Maybe I'll take a nap. It's pretty cold out.

 And I've still never been this cold before. Today's high: -14.

 urlLink Scott's discovery of a local Chipotle, and my ensuing lamentation over not having a Chipotle or a Sonic anywhere near me got me thinking. Do I want to spend the next year and a half in a similar situation? Thus, I checked some of the cities where I'm considering going to grad school for both establishments. The verdict: Wichita has both, so bonus points for them. Louisville and Norfolk, Va. have neither, so negative points for them. ODU does have Jill proximity points, however. Of course, if I don't get my act together and start sending out the applications, it's all a moot point. And, we don't want that, because there are no Chipotles or Sonics in CPMO, either.

 Last night, upon seeing a kid that wouldn't necessarily make you proud to call your own, a coworker told me, "See, this is why you don't just have one kid. What if he turns out like that. The more you have, the more likely you are to have a normal one."

 I just lived "Office Space." I was trying to send a fax just now, but the fax machine kept saying "Paper Jam." The problem? There WAS NO PAPER JAM!!! Nope, instead, it was just almost out of paper. Not out of paper, almost, so it didn't pull the paper up into the machine. Stupid engineers. Why wouldn't they design a fax machine that works until the paper is completely gone, not almost gone. Grrrr. And, then, I got a paper cut opening a package of paper to fill the not-empty fax machine. Good thing it's almost five.

 During my lunch break, I was happy to find in my mailbox (along with Newsweek, of course. It's Tues.) a card from my friend Laura. It was a "Happy Spring" card. It's ten below outside. I love Laura.

 It was probably written this way on purpose, but it still makes me laugh. A headline on CNN.com reads "Actress throws self into 'Traffic.'" I'm still trying to decide which actress I hope it is.

 I have seen very few of the urlLink Oscar nominated movies . But, one movie I refuse to see, and I also discourage others from seeing it, is Cold Mountain. I'm relieved that it did not get a best picture nomination. Anyone that said it looked good, I told them, "Don't be fooled! It's NOT about the Civil War. It's just about some guy!"

 I saw David Spade on Jay Leno last night. He needs a shave and a haircut.

 Twenty-nine. Below Zero.

 I wish I could urlLink break dance for the pope.

 Well, I think Joe Liberman is answering that question. Not only did he consider titling his autobiography "Joe and Hadassah's Excellent Adventure," but he also says his recent rise in popularity gives him a lot of "Joementum" for the rest of the campaign. Made up, corny words and a book referencing Bill and Ted? Oh, yeah. That would be my campaign.

 A man in kansas urlLink went to court dressed in a bumble bee costume to protest what he thought was a 'sting' operation by prosecutors. The judge was not amused. The defendent promised not to do it again. Only in kansas.

 We had nearly a foot of snow over the weekend. As I trekked across the parking lot to work this morning, I thought, "I feel like 'Julie of the Wolves.'" That's strange, I think, considering I didn't like that book.

 Funny story about Tom Asbury, who was fired as the KSU basketball coach following the 1999-2000 season. A reporter asked Tom if he thought one reason he was let go was because he didn't relate to the fans. Tom answered, "Well, I've never worn bib overalls and a straw hat, so, yeah, I probably didn't relate to the fans." Heh heh heh. kansas.

 On Saturday, Kristi called before the Nebraska game looking for sign ideas. She did not like any of my ideas, including my favorites: *"Hey, remember when we beat you in football? That was great." *"Eric Piakowski is a chump." *"Who names a state 'Nebraska'?" *"Nebraska, Scmebraska" *"Columns are better than Corn." *"Barry Collier, you are probably going to be fired." Anyway, she thought those were all stupid. But, I was on the spot! It's hard to be clever on the spot. So, I'm planning ahead for the next home game, where we take on the very vicious KSU Wildcats. Ideas so far: * The classic: "You can't spell 'Suck' without KSU." *"Those throwback uniforms you wore last year were hideous." *"Ooohh... Purple... Don't you look tough." Anyway, I'll keep thinking. Feel free to post ideas. I'm sure Kristi would appreciate it.

 ESPN.com gave the Royals the urlLink No. 10 spot in the off season power rankings. St. Louis? No. 16. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA I cannot wait for spring to get here! April 5 can't get here soon enough.

 Is Jess from Bend it Like Beckham now on ER?

 Until the Royals begin the quest to win the AL Central.

 I saw JC Chasez on CNN during my lunch hour today, discussing being removed from the Pro Bowl halftime show. I didn't realize it until seeing the former *N Syncer on my TV, but now I know that you are being fooled if you believe sketchy lyrics are the reason he was removed. No, I think the real reason is that his haircut is dangerously close to being a mullet. And that is something no unsuspecting American should be subjected to seeing.

 I have a pair of shoes that only look right if they are worn with dark brown socks. So, I bought two new pairs of dark brown socks. So I thought. One pair, socks. The other pair, some strange type of leg warmers, or something. Who on earth would buy that on purpose. This is why I'm the Trickster, not the Untrickable Girl.

 The Wahpeton fire chief works in our building. He said the fire alarm last night was not a pull, but rather a false alarm in the system. So, I take back all the thoughts I had about "those punk kids."

 Today's lunch was a layered entree, consisting of, from bottom to top, corn chips, shredded lettuce and popcorn chicken. What was this culinary delight? A popcorn chicken salad, of course. I have yet to figure out exactly why there were corn chips involved. And why the salad bar then had taco-plate fixin's , rather than salad fixin's.

 Perhaps, like a 17-year-old girl from Georgia urlLink you could do your work study at Hooters. The superintendent at her school told her to quit, her dad says she shouldn't have to. Here's what the manager of Hooters had to say: "A lot of people have misperceptions about Hooters, but we try to appeal as a fun place for everyone," said Aaron Sharp. "We give balloons to children; we have a kids' menu." Heh heh heh. Balloons.

 urlLink While George Bush was speaking at a prayer breakfast a sound similar to automatic-weapon fire went through the sound system. "It was just simply a wacky interaction between wireless mikes and the sound system and nothing more," said White House deputy press secretary Trent Duffy following the speech. "It was not a 21-gun salute." This statement makes me like Trent Duffy for two reasons: 1) He used the word "wacky." 2)He either made a joke at the end, becuase let's face it, they were inside, people probably assumed it was not a 21-gun salute, or he really thought people might think it was a salute, which is even funnier.

 urlLink A lady in Texas found oil in her toilet. It also bubbled up through her tub and sinks. They think maybe the house was built on a well that wasn't properly plugged up. Leila LeTourneau -- no word on whether or not she's any relation to Mary Kay -- is now living in a hotel.

 So, the thing that's amazed me the most when watching American Idol over the last two days is how many people forget the words. Seriously, folks. You have one day to learn one song. And, it's not like these are obscure songs, either. I think I could have done as well with the lyrics (not with the actually singing, of course) on "Can't Hurry Love." And, what really got me was when people started forgetting the songs they wrote. Now, I'm not saying it would be easy to write and memorize a song and lyrics in 14 hours, but maybe when you forget the lyrics, just ad lib it. You made up the song! They won't know the right words!

 1) Wake her up 2) Make her sit in the cold for 20 min. So, needless to say, when someone pulled the fire alarm at 4:30 this morning, and I had to be oustide for 20 minutes in my pajamas (with feet, which by the way, don't fit well into shoes), I was not a happy camper.

 Joe Lieberman -- out. So, as Jill said, that is most non-excellent!

 Um, tonight is a big night in the world of reality TV. We have The Apprentice, The Bachelorette, and American Idol (which I watched for the first time yesterday and enjoyed). All three of these shows were shows that when I first heard about them I thought they sounded absolutely ridiculous, and that there was no way I would ever watch any of them. Now, I'm hooked. I don't know what I'm going to do. Too many viewing options! Oh, and I caught a bit of RR/RW: The Inferno. Since the Real World team is practically a reunion show for the Paris cast, I'll probably watch more of it than I should.

 A friend sent me urlLink a link to this page that has you answer questions about your political beliefs and viewpoints. Then, it tells you who you should vote for. I'm not going to lie. I was very afraid I was going to get W. Afterall, someone out there thinks I'm a Republican. Anyway, my fears were not confirmed. Here are my results: 1 -- Three way tie: Kerry, Edwards and Kucinich -- 72% 2 -- Sharpton -- 70% 3 -- Dean -- 68% 4 -- Clark -- 66% 5 -- Bush -- 30% 6 -- Some character named Howard Phillips from the Constitution Party -- 16% So, there you have it. Now, if either Kerry or Edwards wins the nomination, I can feel justified in voting for him.

 With the emotions brought on by sports, I believe there is a niche market for sports-related cards. If I knew a Patriots fan, I would totally send a "Congrats on your team winning the championship" card. And, think of all the "There's always next year" cards you could send! You could have some that are genuine, and some that are totally smart-alecky. I would have sent more than my fair share of "Ha, ha! Told you my team is better!" cards after the MU win over Nebraska. Seriously, I should quit my job and develop this idea further.

 Remember, Tiger Fans, despite the score, you still win, because you don't/didn't go to kU. I hope this gives you some comfort.

 You can't spell suck without kU.

 While seeing Mizzou compared to kU would normally cause me to vomit, urlLink this article in today's KC Star made me feel that all is not lost with this season.

 I'm not talking about yesterday, I'm talking about tonight, MU-kU! WHOOO! I think I have three major sports days every year. Two MU-kU basketball games, then MU-Nebraska football. Seriously, I didn't sleep well last night, I'm already too nervous. Besides that the game is only 10 1/2 hours away, it's even longer away for me, as NDSCS has a home basketball game tonight at 8. So, I'm watching the game on tape delay. In Kara World (which, I'm not going to lie, is kind of a scary place) the game doesn't even tip off until probably 11. This means, no Internet after 8, and I'm not going to answer my cell phone after 8 if I see it's from someone with an interest in the game. What does one wear to work on a day with such importance? Well, I opted for my "I HATE kU." T-shirt. Granted, I have an NDSCS sweatshirt over it, but I think it's sending the negative vibes to all the hayjockers down in lawrence.

 So, the Super Bowl failed to produce a score that had a sum ending in three. However, here are some thoughts that it (and the commercials) did provoke: * Adam Vinateiri, you are one lucky SOB * When Carolina scored to bring the score to 21-16, then went for 2, why did Phil Simms disagree with this? In my book, if you don't convert, there is no difference to being down 4 or 5. But, if you get it there's a huge difference between being down 3 or 4. I think Simms is just jealous b/c the option wasn't around when he played. * While I found Justin and Janet's halftime "wardrobe malfunction" humorous, the funny factor is amplified by the fact that it was on CBS, the network that pulled "The Reagans" for being too controversial. * Speaking of the "malfunction," CBS said they received a lot of phone calls immediately following the halftime show. Who does that? Do they have CBS' phone number on speed dial? Who says, "I am so offended by seeing a boob on my TV for a couple seconds, that I'm going to quit watching the Super Bowl , find the contact information to CBS and voice a complaint! Right now!!!"? Do you really even want these people watching your network? I say you don't. * I had to explain to a co-worker who Justin Timberlake is after he appeared on stage. I believe this is the reason *NSYNC made an appearance in my dream last night. I should call CBS to complain about that! * My favorite commercial was the Budweiser ad where the donkey wants to be a Clydsedale. I also thouroughly enjoyed the ad with all the football players singing "Tomorrow." Otherwise, I'd say they were sub par. But, I was also watching the game with a lot of chatty Kathies, who were not quiet during commercials. Grrrr.

 Watching "Ed" on said Friday night, then learning it has only two episodes (inclusive) remaining. I shake my fist at you, NBC. This creates a strong likelihood that I'll cry at Ed and Carol's wedding, the last episode. Oh, yeah. I've turned into "that girl."

 Well, I guess I could, but I'm not going to. Anyway, here are some Valentine's Day jokes. (Answers are in the comments.) 1. What did one oar say to the other? 2. What happened when the man fell in love with his garden?

 Congrats, urlLink Justin!

 Once upon a time, I was going to marry urlLink Scott. Our wedding was going to kick ass. I'm fuzzy on all the details, but this is what I remember. We were getting married in KC, then the reception would be held in the Hearnes Center Field House, home of blood drives and J-School graduations. Our guests would take charter busses down lovely I-70 from the wedding to the reception. What would keep them from getting bored on these busses? Mariachi bands on each bus! As for the actual wedding, I believe monkeys, llamas, and Truman the Tiger each had roles. In the reception, we were going to have my neighbor who is an Elvis impersonator sing. Also, we were going to have Clockwork Universe sing us a few tunes -- Jump! -- and, I believe we were going to contact Pearl Jam and see if they were busy. Oh, yeah, the reception was going to be a sleepover, so all the guests were going to need sleeping bags. But, then Scott forgot all about it, so it never happened. If I ever get married, I'm a little afraid planning this extravaganza will leave me disappointed in the real wedding, because it can't hold a candle to this!

 May I suggest the Robbie Williams song urlLink Something Beautiful . It's fun, it's catchy, and if you listen to it enough, you really start to believe something beautiful will come your way. And if that something happens to be Robbie, I certainly won't complain. And, no, I'm not bitter. (Valentine's Day just lost its fun when you stopped making Valentine's boxes for school. Those were the days...) But, if you ARE bitter, may I suggest Robbie's urlLink Karma Killer . It's very angry. And very fun. It's the most fun if there's someone you hope really does choke on his/her Bacardi and Coke.

 My printer and I are about to get in a rumble. It thinks it's fun to print everything twice, and sometimes just quit in the middle of a page. I bet I had to print the program for Saturday's game five times. Grrrrr. This, just one day after I almost got in a rumble at the grocery store. Well, not almost, but I thought about it. As the checker was scanning my items -- drugs and juice, hooray! -- I scanned my debit card. As it was processing, I put my card away, and just watched the machine, waiting for it to show my total, so I could press 'OK.' So, I'm just staring at the machine, which reads "please wait," and the girl says, in a very snide and snotty tone, "Swipe your card." What did she think I was doing? Trying to telepathically give my debit card number to the machine? I didn't even have my card out! I was waiting, like the machine politely asked me to do. It really made me angry, and now looking back at it, it wasn't that big of a deal. But, she's so lucky I was under the weather last night.

 I'm pretty sure the reason Lanny got cut was because his mom was firing questions and commands at Meridith left and right. "If he says he needs you, I want you to be there whether you like it or not." "The woman who marries Lanny needs to be submissive. Now, I don't mean submissive like a doormat, but I do mean you have to listen to what he says." "What church do you affiliate with?" "What can I do as your mother-in-law to meet your needs without stepping over the line?" Too much, lady. Too much. Also, I thought it was strange that the brother's wife called the mom Mrs. Lawrence, and not by her first name. Of course, it also probably didn't help when Lanny described in great detail how he breeds his horses.

 So, the urlLink US Men's Soccer team failed to qualify for the Olympics after getting beat 4-0 by Mexico. This isn't as embarassing as not qualifying in baseball. Except our best baseball players don't play on the national team. Our best soccer players do. Grrr.

 A woman in France urlLink married her dead boyfriend in a special ceremony that requires the permission of the French President. Her boyfriend was killed by a drunk driver in Sept. 2002. (Why she waited 18 months, I don't know.) Crazy French people.

 urlLink This could be on of the craziest things I've ever read in my life. Man, Australians are tough.

 KROENKE OUT: Senior guard Josh Kroenke was injured in an accident during practice Sunday and will miss tonight's home game against Colorado and likely Sunday's game against UNLV. Freshman guard Thomas Gardner's dunk shattered the backboard of a basket in Hearnes Center's fourth-floor practice gym, and Gardner pulled the metal rim to the floor as he fell. The rim hit Kroenke, who was under the basket, on the right leg, creating a cut 1-inch long and 1-inch deep.

 Yeah, you read that right. That's because Bobby urlLink returned his salary last season when he felt the team underacheived. Now, I'm not saying Quin should return his entire salary. He should return half of it, then give the other half to the members of the Mizzou media relations staff that had to deal with his mess. They deserve it.

 My head feels like it's going to explode. It's only by the power of Sudafed that I'm able to function. Good thing I don't get sick. There's one thing I don't get about Sudafed, though. Why not make the pill the size of the dose. These are tiny pills. I shouldn't have to take two tiny pills! Just combine them, and make me only take one medium-sized pill. I don't get this. Tylenol does the same thing. There is no reason to make me take two separate pills! Grrr.

 Missouri needs a point guard. I think they should sign ours. He's averaging 7.3 assists per game, has about a 3-1 assist to turnover ratio, shoots 86% from the free-throw line, 38% from the three-point line and 45% from the floor. Clemons' numbers his soph. year at CSI: 7.4 apg, 81% ft shooting, 40% 3-pt shooting and 45% from the floor. The only big difference is Ricky scored 18.2 ppg, and our guy scores about 9.3 ppg. But, our guy doesn't shoot a billion shots if he's off. And, from what I know, he doesn't beat his girlfriends if they don't want to watch Roots. Sign him! Sign him!

 The following things happened at a urlLink basketball game in Pennsylvania. 1. Referee makes "bad calls." 2. Mother of a player swears at referee. 3. Mother is thrown out. 4. Husband body slams the referee. To make the story even crazier, school officials, aware that the rivalry between the two schools gets very heated, allowed only parents and grandparents of players to attend the game. The dad is charged with simple assault, assault on a sports official and disorderly conduct. How often does this happen in Pennsylvania that there's an actual "assault on a sports official" charge? Crazy.

 Throughout the season, the kid I keep stats with and I have created several rules of what our players would and would not be allowed to wear if we were coaches. Here's a short list: 1) This one may be the most important. At no time will any of my players wear a hot pink headband. This also applies to any neon color, but hot pink could get you kicked off the team. 2) There are few times when silver shoes are okay. Space exploration is one of them. A basketball game is not. 3) If you are not Michael Jordan, you should not have a tatoo of Michael Jordan. 4) This one is more for the schools than the players who have no control. Maybe before you choose school colors, put them beside each other to see if the combination makes you want to poke out your eyeballs. This especially applies to MCTC, whose school colors are purple and red. Also not good together, red and powder blue. 5) If my team follows these rules, then I as their coach, promise to never wear a turquoise-studded belt buckle the size of my hand.

 I heard a clip on the radio from Missy Elliot defending Janet Jackson, that went along the lines of "We're just people. People expect us to be perfect, but we're not." Thanks for clearing that up, Missy. I know there are a LOT of people out there who previously were walking around thinking pop stars, especially the Jackson family, were perfect. Now they know better.

 I didn't watch much of the Grammys, but I'm giving the Kara Moran best acceptance speech that I saw award to Cold Play, who dedicated their Grammy to Johnny Cash and John Kerry, who they hope will be our president. Worst? Justin Timberlake, who apologized for the halftime show. Please, please just go away.

 Today's Temp: 23. ABOVE!!!!

 If urlLink William Hung can get a record deal for his version of "She Bangs," just imagine what Johnny could have gotten for his version of "Material Girl." Or, anything by Madonna, for that matter.

 urlLink This article says The Fairly OddParents is good for kids and adults alike. If you haven't watched it, I highly recommend it. Hilarity will ensue.

 When I worked at MLBI, there was an page in the informational packet that they gave out to kids that included the line, "As superstar shortstop Alex Rodriguez says, 'Have fun! Play Ball! with Frubes !'" It made me laugh every time I read it, because c'mon, who really believes that at any time in his life A-Rod has uttered the word "Frubes." I don't. But, now I wonder if they'll have to redo the packets, after all, the picture needs to show him in pin stripes, and he's no longer a superstar shortstop. And, I'm not sure you can call him a superstar third baseman before he's played a game in that position. Hmmmm.

 Did anyone else watch the Bachelorette last night? I taped it, and cannot tell you how many times I yelled "White balance!!!" during Meridith and Chad's date. Which drives home a very sad point -- being a broadcast major has not only ruined watching the news for me, but possibly watching reality TV as well. But, really, why can't ABC's photogs white balance. Why did they look like they were hiding in a blue room lit by blue lights as they drank blue drinks? I'm not talking just a little blue, either. And, isn't there more than one camera with them, anyway? Surely the other guy had better video. Man, I wish I had a still of it so you would know what I'm talking about. It was BLUE. At first, because I fast-forwarded through most of the date because I don't like Chad, I thought maybe I missed something and they were somewhere where the light really was blue. So I rewound. Nope. In a hotel room. A hotel room that probably doesn't make everything in it look blue. Ridiculous. And, even if the light is blue, that's the miracle of white balancing. You make things look normal. And not blue.

 I just spent an hour calling 1-800-CATPAWS to get MU/kU tickets. Sadly, fate was not on my side. Sold out. Boo.

 That's the noon temperature in The Wahp. HOORAY!! I feel like I'm in some warm, tropical location-- like Missouri.

 The gym I recently joined moved to being open 24 hours last week. I guess that in this move, they lock the outside doors earlier than they used to, as the doors were locked when I arrived at 8:15. They close at 8 p.m. Grrr. I couldn't figure out how to use my temporary key card to open the door, so I just gave up. I thought, "Screw this, I'm getting some ice cream." And, so I went to get a sundae from McDonald's. Except, I passed the entrance to McDonald's. So, no exercise, and no ice cream. Booo.

 William Zabka, aka Johnny Lawrence from the Karate Kid, is nominated for an Oscar. He co-wrote/produced a short film that is nominated for the award. Seeing Johnny in one of those "waiting to see if I won" boxes might be one of the coolest things I ever see in my life. Ever. Now, I just have to hope they show the short film category during the broadcast.

 urlLink Polaroid warns consumers that shaking their pictures is not a good idea.

 On the Valentine's special for urlLink The Fairly OddParents , Timmy asks Wanda how he can get Trixy to be his valentine. Here's the ensuing dialogue: Wanda: You have to know the things girls love! Cosmo: Robots? Timmy: Action figures? Cosmo and Timmy: Sports!!!

 Because I didn't work yesterday, I could work out whenever I wanted. I went at 4, which apparantly is the time for little old ladies to work out. It's a good feeling when you look around a room and realize you could beat up anyone there, if it came down to it. Not that I would , but I could.

 Yesterday, the SciFi channel ran a Planet of the Apes marathon. I called my brother to tell him. This is how he answered the phone. "Hey, I'm on my way to class, but I wanted to tell you the SciFi channel is running a Planet of the Apes marathon."

 I know it's a day late, but that's because this made-up holiday gave me a day off. And, I was way too busy watching bad TV to make an entry yesterday. Anyway, who's your favorite president? My least favorite is Rutherford B. Hayes, because in fourth grade, misspelling "Rutherford" is the only reason I didn't get a perfect on my test requiring us to name and spell all the presidents in order. Grrr. Who names their kid Rutherford anyway? And then who votes for him? My favorite, and this is based purely on the sheets we got to color while learning the presidents in fourth grade, is probably Calvin Coolidge. He had urlLink a lot of pets , and his coloring page featured him walking raccoons around the White House lawn. So, maybe he pushed the country towards depression. Who cares! Raccoons!! I also liked Martin Van Buren, whose picture showed him standing on a table in a courtroom. The story is that he was very short, so when he worked as a lawyer he stood on the table so the jury could see him well. He was very excited in the picture. Combine that with his crazy hair and the fact that he was standing on the table, and he looked like a lunatic.

 Today I write from Irownwood, Mich. in the Upper Peninsula. It took me about an hour to get this thing online. The problem, the pause in the dialing number wasn't long enough. But, I'm a much happier camper now that I have this problem solved. I don't have anything interesting or funny, I just wanted urlLink Andrew to quit his bitching.

 I learned some fantastic cheers while at two high school girls basketball games last night. My favorite: Steal it! (clap, clap) Steal it! (clap, clap) I also enjoyed: Take it away - from them! Take it away - from them! I kept laughing at these, and the kid I was keeping stats with says, "Haven't you heard that before?" I thought he was joking. I thought, "Has anyone heard these before? Aren't they just making them up as they go along? I mean 'Steal it!' must have taken HOURS to create." But, no. He was serious. They actually did break out my old favorite "Let's get fired up! We ARE fired up!" I love that one. I sing it to myself sometimes to help get me through the day.

 For those of you who like to read nice things about the Missouri Tigers, you should read urlLink this.

 These are the things I'm giving up for Lent: 1)pop 2)stalking So, Lance Bass, you can breath a little easier. At least until Easter. (I decided this morning that if I were to stalk a celebrity, it would be Lance Bass. I think he'd be cool about it.)

 urlLink This is why I love sports. I'm still smiling about last night's win. It makes the sleepless nights and turning gray at 23 worth it.

 He just gave us these words of wisdom: "You always want to take the lead in overtime..." "You gotta make your free throws in overtime..."

 We have our staff meetings every Tues. at 9. This is bad for me, because this means I have an hour (usually less, d'oh!) from the time I get to work until I have to be there. You can't get anything done in less than an hour! Who wants to start a project just to have a big meeting in the middle of it. This is why I post interesting posts like this one on Tuesday mornings.

 Today I decided to switch it up and get a Pepsi instead of my regular Dr. Pepper, in hopes of winning some free music. Stupid non-gamepiece bottle!!!

 As the men's basketball team passed my office on their way to watch film, Player 1:"Man, somebody's representin'. That's Rickey Paulding! He's from my hometown." Player 2: "What? You're from Minneapolis." Friends, Minneapolis is not quite the same as Detroit.

 At least in my opinion: "Yo. Buy Valium."

 1) Do not sing a song by a boy band, or a former boy-bander (exception being, of course, Robbie. I think singing "Angels" would put you automatically in the finals. As long as you didn't suck at it.) Hmmm... that's all I've got now. I thought I had more. More later!!!

 That's the theme for some of the postcards the Mizzou football program sends out as recruiting tools. We get a bunch of them, and the football coaches always just give them to me. Here's today's: "Rr. R espect the opposite sex." Needless to say, the fun fact on the back was not, "Colorado head coach Gary Barnett is a Mizzou alumnus."

 I'm going with our men's basketball team to somewhere in Illinois on Sunday. We don't know just where yet, as the Region we're facing doesn't play their championship until Sat. Anyway, a win puts us in the national tournament! Hooray! The bad news? I'll miss watching the MU/kU game live. I'm going to tape it. But, I'll hear the score before I watch it, because I can't wait until Wednesday. No siree.

 A man urlLink accidentaly cut off the tip of his finger while chopping lettuce. The kitchen was cleaned, sterilized, but they never found the finger. The lettuce he was chopping ended up in a 22-year old girl's salad, who put it IN HER MOUTH. The best thing about this story -- the first line is "Talk about leaving a bad tip at a restaurant."

 Now where will I turn for guidance?

 I was really going to try and not find out who was fired from last night's urlLink Apprentice. Every morning, I read ESPN Page 2's Daily Quickie, and listed on their version of a Hot/Not list, is the loser. I thought I'd be safe on ESPN! So, now I'm going to read about the entire episode on NBC.com.

 I think my siblings are right. I am moody. I was really sour this morning, now I'm just fine. I think it'd be safe to say I'm in a downright good mood. Reasons? 1) Potentially not having to work over spring break. 2) Going to lunch with our volleyball coach who is a hoot and a half. 3)I cleaned off my desk.

 I checked my local TV listings to see if it's a new Friends tonight (it's not), so I could mentally schedule my evening, specifically if I should go o the gym before The Apprentice or after. If it's a repeat of Friends, there's more time before, which would be preferable. Well, not only is it a repeat, but it's not showing on the Fargo NBC affilliate. Neither is any of their other Must See TV programming -- INCLUDING The Apprentice. No, because they're running the Class B Girls State Quarterfinals. Yes. They're cutting away from regular programming, on what I'd venture to say is NBC's most popular night, to show small-town, girls basketball and IT ISN'T EVEN THE FINALS!!!! Who thought of this?!?!?!!?! I mean, it's not like Donald Trump was on the COVER OF NEWSWEEK because of the popularity of this show. Oh, wait. He was. At first I was furious because I couldn't find where they were rerunning it at all, but now I've discovered it will be on Saturday at noon. Which means, I'll have to exercise extreme restraint by not looking to see who was fired before then. The ONE thing I was looking forward to today, isn't happening until Saturday.

 I'm so grouchy today it's not even funny. This is carry over from yesterday. Here is a list of things that went wrong yesterday: 1) It snowed. I was tricked into thinking Spring was on the way. D'oh! 2) Missouri lost. Booo. Quote from Kristi: "Why does Quin think Josh Kroenke is good?" 3) My sixth-graders were obnoxious. Two of my boys came in five minutes late after stopping at the gas station next door to buy cappecinos. That's fine. We had Stations of the Cross last night, so we went to the gym right when the boys got in. As we're sitting on the gym floor, one boy says to me, while practically shaking, "I had too much cappecino!" To which I replied, "What? You only had a little drink before we had to come down here." To which his cohort said, "Well, we had four before we came over! They were only 69 cents! 69 CENTS!!!" So, needless to say, they were more than a little active the rest of the night. 4) I'm an idiot. I had to send out the same release four times before getting it right. Nothing like feeling you're terrible at your job. The volleyball coach left me a message on my cell phone when she caught a mistake, so I went back to the office straight from CCD. There I encountered a coworker who I like, but who drives me crazy because he likes to joke around and give me a hard time, only his jokes are not funny at all. Just annoying. But he thinks they're funny. Never are. I was not in the mood. Now that I've vented, I feel much better.

 Remember the basketball player who claimed Rickey was from his hometown, when said player is from Minneapolis and Rickey is from Detroit. Well, that was cleared up this afternoon. I'm sitting at my desk, and this player comes into the doorway and points at my Rickey Paulding growth chart. This was the conversation that followed Basketball player: Hey, I like that! Me: Yeah. I hope they win tonight! BP:What do you know about Missouri? Me: Well, I'm from there, and I went to school there. BP: I'm from Columbia! Well, I live in Minneapolis, but I'm from Columbia. Me: Oh, really! Did you go to Hickman? BP: No. But, my mom did. And my cousin Lance Harris (who now plays at K-State) did. Me: Oh, yeah? Wow. When did you move from Columbia. BP: Oh I was really little. Six or seven... Months. Me: Oh.

 Of course, another reason I might have almost fallen asleep while keeping stats yesterday was that I was watching the WORST BASKETBALL GAME EVER!!! Halftime score -- 12-10. High school boys. One kid travelled so much I half expected the referee to pull him aside and explain the rule to him, like they do when you're just learning in third grade.

 I've been tired all week. I think it's because we rolled into the Wahp around 4:30 a.m. on Monday morning, and then I didn't get home until about 5:30 (I stayed at work to do a few things that I thought would take about 15 min. and actually took about an hour. This was partly due to a mystery paper jam in the fax machine that just about made me cry. I was very tired. I did not want to argue with the fax machine over whether or not it actually had a paper jam.). But, still, I went home and slept until 11. I should be caught up. I'm not.

 Ring, Ring Me: Hello? Michael: Kara! Quick, turn the TV to Fox News! They're talking about Haitian Zombi field workers!!! I then changed the channel to Fox News, where they were indeed talking about Hatian Zombie field workers. I made a card from a World Weekly News "article" about this about four months ago. Who would have thought that the World Weekly News would be scooping Fox News?

 urlLink Tee hee. Pirates.

 Last night, a dance team perfoming at halftime, wearing black, extra-flared pants adorned with silver sequins, and sequin-covered tops, danced to my brother's favorite song of all time, Mr. Roboto. Styx rocks!!! Well, the only danced to it part of the time, then they Golden-girls style spliced "seamlessly" into some crappy song. I had to leave the table because I couldn't hide the fact that I was laughing. A lot. But, not at their dancing. At their song selection.

 Check out this week's urlLink Bracketology! We're not even one of the "Last four in." Hooray!!!!!

 Our men's team won their regional tournament. Now they wait to see who the winner of the Region XXIV tournament is to know their next opponent. The thing is, Region XXIV is made up of schools in Illinois south of Chicago. (Chicago schools have their own region.) The school that is favored to win is Southeastern Illinois. Just judging by the name, and with my own rough knowledge of directions and Chicago's location in Illinois, I'm pretty sure Southeastern Illinois is NOT in Chicago. But, all weekend the boys kept talking about how they're going to Chicago, bla bla bla. Not being 100% sure that Southeastern Illinois wasn't just a directional misnomer, I never said anything. Also, I wasn't sure that the school didn't have "I tell people I live in Chicago, but actually I live 90 miles away" syndrome. You know the type. Folks, we don't let people from Concordia say they live in Kansas City, and we don't let people from Wentzville claim to be from St. Louis, why do we let these fake Chicagoans get away with this?!?!?! But, anyway, it sure made me angry. I checked on the ever-reliable Mapquest today. Oh, yeah. I was right! They're in complete opposite ends of the state. Those boys will be so disappointed.

 Yesterday I truly believed it was good to be short. The ride home last night was uncomfortable enough for me, and I don't have to fit 6-8 of body in that seat like a lot of our men. Yikes.

 That's a direct quote -- minus the profanity, I'm really funny about profanity lately -- from one Lance King, the boy from my high school who is a dead ringer for Eddie Haskell. (At least he was his first senior year in high school.) Anyway, he was in my Spanish I class freshman year, and, as you can tell by the quote, he was very upset that the Spanish word for March included a "Z", when "March" does not. Anyway, I just wrote that as an intro to the "in like a lion, out like a lamb" month. The real reason for this post -- Calendar changing day!!! Just when I thought that Robbie Williams can't get any prettier -- BAM! I flip the page to March and he proves me wrong.

 So, on Saturday night the trainer, assistant men's coach, assistant women's coach and I went to the bar at the Country Kitchen. You read that right. At one point, a bunch of police come in. They're all joking, and one says, "I think you're all underage! Ha, ha, ha..." Then, he comes to me, "But, seriously, I need to see your I.D." Hooray for looking younger than 21!

 I swear I heard someone from the UP yell this at a ref during a game this weekend: "That's a foul, doncha know!" Wow. That's even funnier than North Dakota oots and aboots.

 Everytime I hear about W condoning a Constitutional ammendment to ban gay marriage, I think of the fake Schoolhouse Rock song that was on The Simpsons. I think you can directly take some of the lyrics, change "flag burning" to "gay marriage" and apply them here: Amendment: 'Cause there's limits to our liberties, least I hope and pray that there are, 'cause those liberal freaks go too far Boy: Why don't they just make a law against gay marriage? Amendment: Because that law would be unconstitutional. But, if we change the Constitution... Boy: Then we can make all sorts of crazy laws!!! And then later in the song, a guy in a suit says, "Good news, Amendment! They ratified ya! You're in the US Constitution!" Amendment: Door's open boys! And then a bunch of ther bills start running up the Capitol steps, shooting guns, hooping and hollaring, tossing bombs... typical Republican behavior.

 I just found out I can take off next Wednesday through Friday! Watch out CPMO, here I come!

 What's funny about this quote isn't that Jim Harrick, Jr. thought he should be Teacher of the Year for making tests and attendance optional, it's that he also seems to think he's Yoda. "I thought personally it was a great idea. I took great pride in that class ... Teacher of the Year award, I thought I was going to get," Harrick said."

 I forgot to post about this earlier. The Missouri loss on Sunday followed me everywhere. The team was practicing during the game, so I spent the hour constantly checking with my parents what the score was, etc. When the practice was over, the assistant coach asked who won. I told him how kansas scored with 2 seconds left to win. One player overheard and said, "Really? Who'd they beat?" When I told him, he said Missouri was weak and that Rickey Paulding was a nobody. I think he was trying to joke around. It was not funny. I made a mental note that he's no longer a candidate for my favorite. Then, on the bus, the student assistant asked who won. Then the head coach asked. Then, on Monday morning, I passed the head coach in the hallway of the hotel. He was talking to a coach from the area, and he said, "That's our SID. She's a Mizzou alum. She's in mourning today because they lost to kansas." Then, there was a picture of padgett on the front of the complimentary USA Today. Then, we stopped at Steak and Shake for lunch, and this old couple starts talking to some of the players. They guy starts telling our guys about how Illinois barely beat Ohio State. Then, he says, "You know, Missouri got beat yesterday by kansas..." It followed me everywhere.

 On The Apprentice, the folks going into the board room always take their suitcase with them, so it's more dramatic when they get in the taxi and never return to the suite. Well, how on earth do they fit all their clothes in one suitcase?! They have a LOT of business attire, and for women, anyway, that usually also means a lot of shoes. That takes up room. Does NBC give them clothes to wear on the show? I don't believe that they could pack all they needed for the whole show in one bag. The finale on April 15 is LIVE. So, they're there a long time. One bag. Amazing.

 One of my goals in life is to be on a game show. Today, I tried to get closer to making that goal a reality, and I called the Game Show Network's contestant hotline, where you are told about all the contestant searches going on for GSN's gameshows (I want to be on Cram with a friend from high school. I think we'd win.) Anyway, I was not greeted by a friendly gameshow-type voice recording. No. It was the "phone lady" who told me the party at mailbox whatever number was not available, and then told me to leave a message. What! I think the number is wrong on GSN.com, because, c'mon, I don't think they want hundreds of "Hi. This is Kara. I want to be on a game show. I'd be on any game show, but I'd really like to be on Cram. I'm good at remembering things. And I have a lot of practice cramming, as I seldom studied for tests more than a day in advance. Also, I think I'd be ok at Lingo, but for that game, I need a different partner than the partner I'd have for Cram. Whammy? Well, that would be ok, too. But, it's not before Cram or Lingo. Oh, I'd like to be on Funny Money. Put that ahead of Whammy, but after Lingo..." messages. If you promise a hotline, you should deliver a hotline.

 The Italian foreign exchange student who lived up the hill from my family last year once said while on a long drive, "Man! My butt feels like a doughnut! You know, from sitting so long." Well, we didn't know. But, after riding 16 hours on Tuesday night/Wednedsay morning, I still cringed when I sat down in my car this morning (To drive across campus, not just across the parking lot to work.). You'd think I'd be used to it, after sitting in my office for eight hours a day. But, nope. Sixteen hours is still TOO MUCH!

 I can't spell. I don't have a dictionary on my desk. I do have an AP Stylebook. Thus, anytime I don't know how to spell a word, I look it up in the stylebook. The hope is that the word causing me trouble will be listed, and I won't feel like an idiot because that means a lot of people have trouble with that word, not just me. Nine times out of 10, the word I'm looking for isn't listed. Which prompts the mean voice in my head to yell at me, "What did you expect?! It's not a dictionary!"

 I had to laugh today when I saw one of our assistant football coach's almost-three-year-old son marching down the hallway, making some kind of manly noise, being led by his dad and the head football coach, who were also marching.

 First, they lose the rights to SNL. Just because the folks at Fox thought it would be ok to run Mad TV against SNL does not mean it is a funny replacement. I laugh more at a single viewing of the cowbell sketch or the Falconer than I have at all episodes of Mad TV I have ever seen combined. Now, I go to the dining hall around 1 so I can watch Kids in the Hall. Oops. It's been replaced by Strangers With Candy. C'mon!

 I don't think you should be able to go around spelling names however you want. It needs to make sense. For instance, it drives me crazy that the interior design guy on Queer Eye spells his name "Thom." Who do you think you are?! It's "Tom"!!! One of the players on the team that beat us last night is named Donta. That's pronounced Don-tay. Ridiculous. And, this isn't really on subject, but how hard is it if you're PAing a national playoff game to learn the pronounciations of the other team's players? We have one kid whose name kept being pronounced worse and worse. And, another thing, maybe learn the name of the school you're playing. We are not North Dakota, nor are we North Dakota State. Also, we are not Wahpeton. I understand North Dakota State College of Science is a mouthful, but at timeouts, you have time. Or, you can say our initials. Or, and this could be crazy, you could call us by our mascot. Is asking for accuracy really too much? Another thing that got me boiling on the trip, a couple Canadians kept insisting that Illinois is in The South. To which I disagreed. "But, it so much warmer here." and "It's south of us..." were their arguments. Yes, well if everything south of and warmer than us was The South, the entire country would be The South. Exept Alaska. I think our trainer summed it up best when he said, "Canadians are strange." Yes. They are. This entire post was just procrastination. It's going to take forever for me to write this...

 Our men's team lost last night. I thought I was going to make it without crying, until I walked into the hallway and saw our point guard, who I want to play at Mizzou. Then, I got a little misty. They played so hard, then lost to the No. 6 team in the country --featuring a player who was an early signee for Louisville, but may go in the first round of the draft instead -- in overtime. When I did sleep on the bus on the way back, my dreams were replays of the game. I'm so sad for those guys. They deserved to go to nationals. But, now I must write the dreaded game summary. Booo. I'm not looking forward to reliving that one.

 urlLink And, anyway, last time we were a 12, we did a lot of damage! Of course, I would prefer winning the conference tournament so that I'm not pulling my hair out and screaming "JUST SHOW THE BRACKET! ANALYZE LATER!!!" At the TV during the selection show.

 I hate kansas.

 Last night, my mom and I went to Ruby Tuesday's for dinner. I had a late lunch, so I wasn't terribly hungry and couldn't finish my quesidillas. So, I got a to-go box. Then, as we were leaving I was distracted by our incredibly flamboyant waiter and the fact that The Macarena was playing in the restaurant and I left my leftovers on the table. D'oh!

 I was going to reenact urlLink this ad this morning, but I was too tired to run down the stairs.

 urlLink The Royals' team chaplain made a rap song about team. The players love it, and they're hoping to play it at The K all season. I hope they do, because surely having Carlos Beltran mentioned in a stadium staple will make the front office think twice before they trade him away... Anyway, you should listen to it. It's good fun. And long. The sample is 4:17 and they're just starting on the pitching staff. I can't wait for April 5!

 But, at least it's over. I wish I had a mind altering machine like in Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, because I would have no problem completely erasing this past season out of my memory. Next season I would say, "Hmm... I wonder what ever happened to Rickey and A.J.? They must have left early for the NBA. Surely they wouldn't stick around to underachieve and lead the Tigers all the way to a fifth-place finish in the Big XII and a first-round loss in the Tournament. The National Invitational Tournament. That wouldn't make any sense at all, so it must not have happened."

 I have a small project I want to finish before I make the eight-hour trek down I-29. But, I have to wait for someone else to send me the required files before I can start it. Grrrrrrr. I could be out of here by now. Instead, I'm efficiently using my time retaking the country quiz!

 You're Ireland! Mystical and rain-soaked, you remain mysterious to many people, and this makes you intriguing. &nbsp;You also like a good night at the pub, though many are just as worried that you will blow up the pub as drink your beverage of choice. &nbsp;You're good with words, remarkably lucky, and know and enjoy at least fifteen ways of eating a potato. &nbsp;You really don't like snakes. Roman">Take the urlLink Country Quiz at the urlLink Blue Pyramid I retook the test, and said I like cool climates instead of tropics (I live in N.D.! Of course I would originally be drawn to the prospect of warm weather!). I like these results much better.

 Virgin is playing "You Oughta Know" right now. I had forgotten just how angry that Alanis seemed. Didn't she date Full House's Dave Coulier? Is it Uncle Joey who she hope feels it every time she scratches her nails down someone else's back?

 You're Brazil! You're athletic, charming, and probably a good dancer. &nbsp;Unfortunatley, you don't really mind chopping down the rain forest, and you probably consider homeless people expendable in certain circumstances. &nbsp;Of course, your personality is so diverse that it's hard to track down exactly what you're like. &nbsp;You definitely like Pele, the World Cup, and shouting &quot;gooooal&quot; at the top of your lungs. Take the urlLink Country Quiz at the href="http://bluepyramid.org">Blue Pyramid Stupid Brazil! England should have beaten them in the World Cup last year. I was FURIOUS when all these folks started running around London with Brazil flags and such after they won the World Cup. Just shut up! You're not in Brazil! Anyway, at least it says I'm a athletic and charming, and if I may say so myself, I'm pretty good at the "Living in the Moment" dance that we learned in Branson.

 I set up a bracket pool on Yahoo.com. Anyone that wants to join, the group number is 49816 and the password is: brian grawer, all lowercase with the space between names.

 The Countdown on the right is not right at all. First, it had not enough days until the events. Now, it says it's four days until St. Pat's! WRONG! I just don't know. I guess I should try to fix it. Along with all you folks who changed your blog addresses. I'm so lazy.

 I love playing the Sims. Sometimes, I hate my Sims. Why can't any member of the Ricardo family take a shower without getting water all over the floor? Why do their neighbors come over, eat, then set the plate on the ground? Who does that?! Also, yesterday there was a glitch or something, so when James McDuffy went to play basketball, he didn't move. He was just stuck there for hours. Until he wet his pants. Well, by that time he was extremely crabby. Wouldn't you be?

 On Friday I warned my boss that three losses to ku -- four if you count football -- is more than I can handle in one year, and that if we should lose to kansas, I would likely be pushed over the edge. Well, I'm proud to say I'm as sane today as I ever was, which means I must be getting over the crazy, Missouri-losing-can-put-a-pit-in-my-stomach-for-days mentality that was instilled in me somehow. (Seriously, my parents are fans, but they don't get this worked up. How did this happen?) The Tigers have put me through tremendous stress over the past four months, and now, I feel a little guilty admitting, I'm a little relieved that it's all over. I thought it would be really depressing if we didn't get in the tournament. But, that was when I believed Missouri would win a game in the tournament. After that half-assed perfomance in a do-or-die situation against our arch rival, I'm pretty certain we'd not only lose, but lose in an embarassing fashion, in the first round. So, not making the tournament just gives me one less week of, "Oh, man! I hope the Tigers win!" then getting punched in the gut. I still couldn't bear to watch the selection show, but I'm moving on! I'm filling out my bracket! And this year, one entire side won't be ruined by my inability to actually write down Missouri losing to someone, thus having them win the tournament every year. I think my biggest disappointment is that my brother and I have to postpone the drink-off we had scheduled for the day between the semifinals and finals back when we thought we were good. So, it looks like we may have to wait to see just who can out-drink who. I think Michael's relieved. He knows.

 urlLink Johnny Damon has moved on to a Jesus impersonator haircut. Wow. And to think, he was one of my original Royals boyfriends. Yikes.

 Yesterday I took an excursion to Fergus Falls, which is 25 miles away. The main reason -- I needed a good red-toned nail polish for my toe nails. I suppose I could have gone to Pamida. Except, I HATE Pamida. I wanted a Wal-Mart. And that's the closest one. Plus, I could go to Target, as well. Anyway, there were two impulse buys that I was dangerously close to making -- Spice World in the $5.50 DVD bin at Wal-Mart and a lime-green vinyl purse from Target. What did I buy that I don't need but I'm still very excited about? Flip-flops with a heel. I LOVE them. I'm a girly girl now. Even girlier than I mistakenly thought Jill was when we first met. Seriously, I never used to get excited about shoes and purses. Yesterday I almost walked out of Target with THREE purses. But, I worked that down to one. Although, before the spring's over, I predict I will also own the other two. I need help.

 You have to read today's urlLink Daily Quickie . There's a lot of kU bashing, and that's something I'll always approve. Special bonus: news that Dave Beckham is going to have a cameo role in the new Pink Panther movie. Two words: Hoo. Ray.

 But, I love the fact that the NCAA says you can't fly unless your trip is more than 300 miles. It's about 260 miles from Lawrence to St. Louis, so they had to drive, by bus, across Missouri. Bill Self said they were going to stop somewhere to "break bread." I hope they stopped in CoMO, and the person serving them recognized them, and they gave them bad food. I mean food-poisoning bad, not just gross bad. Although, that would be a bonus. But, if it was too gross for them to eat enough of it to catch the food-poisoning (do you 'catch' food poisoning?), then I don't want it to be gross. I want them to get food poisoning and to lose tonight. Is that too much to ask?

 I'm glad President Bush urlLink can find humor in not finding any of the WMDs that he said were causing an immediate threat, because I'm sure the friends and families of those who were killed or wounded in Iraq don't find it very funny.

 The numer of times I've spilled tea on my pants since I got back from lunch. 20 minutes ago. I should be demoted to a sippy cup.

 I forgot to post this on Monday. I made up a super-fun new game while on my way home and back last week. It's called "Race at the Pump." How you play: 1. Arrive at the gas pump approximately at the same time as someone else. 2. Race them to fill your tank first. It's great. There are so many unknowns. Maybe they're paying inside. Advantage: Kara. Maybe they have less to fill than me. Advantage: Stranger. Maybe they have a bigger gas tank. Advantage: Kara. Maybe they don't run around like a crazy person trying to fill their gas tank in record time. Advantage: Kara. The thrill of these unknowns and the pure joy of engaging a stranger in a game in which they don't know they're participating makes Race at the Pump one of the highlights of the drive from CPMO to The Wahp.

 So, now the Tigers are picking up urlLink Ugueth Urbina. I would prefer it if they would stick with just plain sucking. Thanks.

 * I'm very excited for tonight's episode of The Apprentice. * I'm a little surprised that Matt Rogers was kicked off Idol. * I think I should be on urlLink Mark Cuban's reality show.

 Richard Simmons was urlLink cited for assault after slapping a fellow traveller at the Phoenix airport. The man had made a sarcastic remark about his videos: The man "made the off-hand comment, 'Hey, everybody. It's Richard Simmons. Let's drop our bags and rock to the '50s,"' said Phoenix police Sgt. Tom Osborne. "Mr. Simmons took exception to it and walked over to the other passenger and apparently slapped him in the face." Wow. First, it's Sweatin' to the Oldies, not Rockin' to the '50s. Secondly, that's the best you've got?! You deserve to be slapped just for being lame.

 I used to be very angry at my Sim Margaret Hammil for always saying she was too depressed to get a job. Yet, I haven't spent much time on the old job hunt. And, a lot of days it's not because I'm too busy. I just don't feel like it. Those Sim people really know what they're talking about. Also, how great are the Sims. I would love to be one. I love their conversations: Sim 1: "I like sailboats." Sim 2: "I also like sailboats" (Hooray! Friend points!) Sim 1: "What about aliens? I like aliens." Sim 2: "No! I do not like aliens." (Boo! Negative friend points!) Sim 1: "Now I will juggle for you."

 I used to think that the beginning of Let Me Entertain You sounded like Pinball Wizard from Tommy. Virgin Radio just played Pinball Wizard. They don't sound alike.

 Dogs in coats, even if the coat matches the coat of the owner, are not fabulous. Dogs don't need coats. They have their own. I feel very, very strongly about this. Please refrain from encouraging people to dress up their pets.

 In October, when I first hung up my Rickey Paulding growth chart, it made me happy to look at it. Now it's a sad reminder of the season that was. I need to replace it with a Mike Sweeney growth chart. Or a growth chart of any Royal, for that matter. I cannot wait for opening day!!!

 A textile scientist has created a way to make fibers for clothes using urlLink corn husks. Awesome.

 If you haven't seen the commercials for urlLink Adult Swim's Flying Shark vs. Flying Crocodile you are really missing out. I think I'm going to go with Flying Crocodile, despite Flying Shark's jet pack. But, one question I want destroyed with an answer is, why didn't I know about urlLink this show before?!

 I read the Missouri Day listing on the Missouri web page again, and this time I read the entire thing. This is when I realized that today is NOT Missouri Day, it is just the anniversary of the day when some lady convinced the General Assembly that we need a Missouri Day. Missouri Day is actually in October. My mistake. Sorry to get your hopes up.

 urlLink John Tesh must have cleared up his small pox, because now he's hosting a syndicated radio show.

 While perusing the state's list of symbols for my rant in the below post, I noticed that there's an official Missouri Day (not included in the 17 official symbols). Guess when it is...... TODAY!!! So, HAPPY MISSOURI DAY!!!!!

 In Missouri we have the recently-cleared Conceal and Carry law that doesn't have enough money behind it, half of Missouri public schools have levee increases on the ballot in April because there's not enough money for education, our state system for senior prescription drugs is being wiped out by an inferior national plan, but don't worry. Our legislators are getting to the tough issues. Deciding the urlLink official dinosaur of Missouri . Some representative from the southeast part of the state feels that having an official state dinosaur will provide money for the state through merchandising. I don't know about you, but I'm full of Missouri pride. And yet, I own nothing, NOTHING, because it is one of Missouri's SEVENTEEN official fill-in-the-blanks. Do we as a state need an official urlLink grape? It's almost to the point where I would say this is so stupid it seems like something straight out of kansas. Almost.

 Told a group where you live, and then had that entire group laugh at you? It's not a good feeling.

 Shot to hell. I have seven of the Sweet 16 teams, and only two of my Final Four teams are still in. But, on the bright side, on today's urlLink Daily Quickie, Roy Williams was listed in the no momentum group saying: "kansas or UNC, doesn't matter -- can't win the big game." To quote Nelson, "Ha, ha!"

 I used to be able to drink. Now I'm a lightweight. This makes me quite sad. I'm blaming North Dakota.

 My brother and I like to argue over who is the funnier sibling. I hate to admit it, but my sister might actually have us both beat. Here's a sample: Kristi, while reading the alumni magazine article on the $31 million gift to the J-School: 31 million dollars! That's not a gift! Me: What would you call it, then? Kristi: I'd call it "Cha-ching!" Maybe you had to be there, but I almost bust a gut.

 When my grandpa gets emails or phone calls from the GOP, he asks them to send him more information. Not because he wants the information, but so they'll have to pay the postage. Every little bit helps...

 From the KC Star: We have found former Missouri hoopster Albert White. White is playing basketball these days in South Korea for a team called ET Land Black Samer, which recently was eliminated in the semifinals of the Korean Basketball League. White did his share in the finale game, though. He pulled off a triple double, scoring 18 points, grabbing 10 rebounds and dishing out 12 assists.

 Seems a teen is so convinced that urlLink Barbie is a lesbian that she got the t-shirt.

 I saw Johnny Knoxville on The Daily Show last night. I miss him. He's beautiful. And funny. Please come back, Johnny.

 Boy, that Avril Lavigne sure does. I think I spelled her name wrong and I don't even care, that's how annoying she is. Go back to Canadia.

 This really makes me angry, and I should just laugh, but it makes me mad. How on earth does Trump get up in the morning, make his hair look like that, then go out into public. There is NO WAY he can look at himself in the mirror and thinks that looks good. I just don't understand. For someone obsessed with everything associated with him being the best available, why does his hair look like that. Doesn't he know it's hideous? I just CANNOT imagine him going to a mirror and saying, "All right! Lookin' good!" Actually, I can imagine that a little, which might be part of the reason it infuriates me. Donald, you wouldn't be losing if you cut it. It would be ok. I'd like Queer Eye Kyan to get ahold of him. I'd not only watch that, but I'd also tape it and break the tab on the tape.

 While flipping through the channels yesterday I turned to Elimidate just as a spikey-haired boy who clearly believes drinking is a sprint, not a marathon, says, "I go to the Missouri School of Journalism. You know, it's the number one school in the world." Later, he wore a velvet shirt. He was cut that round.

 A student's coming to his 8 a.m. class in the building where I work. He tried to lock his roommate's 2-day-old SUV, instead hit the Auto-Start, and the car took off in a circle, through the parking lot, over the curb, into the street, back into the parking lot, with the kid chasing it the whole time trying to unlock the car. He was about to get it when it crashed into a pole. What sucks besides wrecking your roommate's car? The fact that when the police got there they found a box from a case of beer in the back (It may have been empty, I don't know.), so even though the kid didn't know it was there, he says, he could also get nailed with an MIP. Not a good way to start the day, I'd say.

 The first thing I heard this morning was the words to the urlLink Gilligan's Island theme song sung to the tune of Stairway to Heaven. Huh?

 I didn't watch Richard Clarke on 60 Minutes. However, I did watch him on The Daily Show last night. I think the best part went something like this... Clarke: I gave the White House the book in October. They returned it with a bunch of things they wanted changed. John Stewart: Did they say, "Can you change the name Osama bin Laden to Saddam Hussein?" Tee hee.

 I finally decided who I like on American Idol. George Huff. He's great. He seems very happy, and I'm a fan of that. So, now I feel as though I should start participating in the voting process. I wish you didn't have to wait until the end of the show. That sucks.

 They want to win so badly this season that they not only did they all show up for spring training early, but they're also urlLink chipping in to buy $85,000 equipment for the team. I love those guys.

 Dog's owner loses battle with illness The Forum - 03/14/2004 I'm sorry to report that Donald W. Smith, the Fargo man who refused to be admitted to the hospital back in late January until he was certain his dog "Pepper" would be cared for, has died at 86. Wow. I hope to do enough with my life that when I die, I'm not referred to as "Dog's Owner."

 Yesterday was Newsweek Tuesday. Did I get my Newsweek? No. Did I get the weekly ad from Wal-Mart? Yes. Like salt in an open wound. Kind of off-topic, but my friend Kelli has a friend who calls fist shaking "Fists of Fury." I love it!

 About two weeks ago, my computer went crazy and began resending old emails. One that was sent was a release on the hiring of our men's assistant basketball coach in August. I didn't want to send an email explaining that this was an old release for four reasons: 1) I didn't know how to explain why it was sent. 2) I didn't want to draw any more attention to it. 3) I blind carbon copy my recipients, so I didn't know exactly who got the email. 4) I thought it would be pretty evident that it was an old email based on the fact that at the top of the page, the very first thing one would read if starting at the top and going left to right, was the date. And it said August 1, 2003. Yet, I was told last night that the Fargo Forum ran an article on this last week. Oops. Oh, well. I'm leaving in nine weeks.

 I LOVE the Hallmark store. I could spend hours there just reading cards. I was very upset a couple weeks ago when I went in search of a specific hilarious card (It features the phrase "I like corn on the cob." I couldn't even type that without giggling. It's great.), and I couldn't find it anywhere. I deduced that it must be sold out because of its extreme hilarity. Well, when I went back yesterday, I still couldn't find it. I was about to get upset. Then, I saw it behind another card, and I bought two. I wasn't going to risk not finding this card again. But, I should suggest that Hallmark expand their fresh ink section so that hilarious cards don't hide behind other cards.

 What's better than waking up and realizing it's Opening Day (Yes, I'm capitalizing it.)? Waking up, realizing it's Opening Day and that the Yankees lost. To the Devil Rays. By five runs. Hooray!

 Things that make me happy: * Knowing that when I wake up tomorrow it will be baseball season. Hooray! * Jet's "Are You Gonna Be My Girl." Boy that song is peppy. Things that make me crabby: * Just about everything else. I've been in a bad mood today. To quote last night's Space Ghost, "Let's get one thing straight. I'm angry!!!" I think my brother is the only person who both reads this and watches Space Ghost, but the rest of you should. It's HILARIOUS. In fact, I should add it to the above list.

 Of course, along with ku's loss, Mike Hall won! Hooray! I don't even know the kid and I'm happy. I LOVED the little package on him where they were eating at Shakespeare's. I also anticipated the prompter going out, especially when they showed the prompter on the screen. But, I knew he'd be ok, as he would have had to already survive that with Greeley. Granted, that was on set at KOMU in front of just a lab section and not on live national television, but still...

 I wore my "I hate kU" shirt yesterday. That improves its record to 3-4 against kU. Quin, on the other hand is 3-12. Maybe he needs a shirt.

 So, this season includes a stalker, a spy and the montage of what's included this season featured a man going crazy shooting a gun. Hooray for Reality TV! I also liked when Tiki Barber and the other Giants player who I can't recall right now were going through the book of girls. And Tiki says, "When Jesse said he was going to be on this show, I just said, 'You better not cry.'" Ha ha ha.

 I'm so jealous of the English. They can read on a daily basis about urlLink Posh and Beck's marital troubles. We just get stupid weekly magazines that can't even begin to compare to the Daily Mirror and The Sun is in a category all its own. Where else can you learn about a window washer who looks like Diego Maradona? Oh, I believe "The Hand of Sud" was an exclusive report by The Sun. You didn't find journalism like that in the Times or Telegraph!

 So, my sister is sitting near speaker's circle, in front of A & S, when the crazy religious man is telling all the college students how they're going to hell. Here's her retelling: Brother Jeb: My wife and kids are at home cooking and cleaning. Because that's where women should be. It's the woman's job to serve the man. Kristi, who isn't listening but happens to overhear this: WHAT?! Bro.: What, do you have something to say about that? Kristi: Yeah, welcome to 2004, Ward Cleaver. She's awesome.

 I keep getting the angriest spam. It cracks me up. Here are some samples: "Enough is enough, Kara!" "I don't believe you, Kara!" "This is wrong, Kara!" Ok, if enough is enough, stop sending me emails! By the way, I think this spammer having my name and email address is a negative externality of the "Send Free Things to Unsuspecting Friends" game. But, having Jill receive an "autographed" picture of Michael Dorn -- Worf on Star Trek -- and think that it contained anthrax was well worth it.

 Tonight on AI (That's right. I'm starting to call American Idol "AI." It's because I'm so hip.) the finalists are singing the songs of Elton John. Oh, I'll be taking notes, then Watch Out! Here comes Kara and the Jets!!!!

 I was just talking with an alumnus, probably about 75, for the article I'm writing for the Alumni paper. He now has a lake resort in Minnesota, and he told me if I'm ever in the area, I should stop by. This is how he told me to get there. "Well, once you get into Vergas, just stop anywhere. It doesn't matter where, the bank, the grocery store, wherever. Then, ask them where we are. They'll be able to tell you. I could tell you know, but you'd forget."

 urlLink J. Lo's mom hit the jackpot while gambling in Atlantic City. I love it when you hear stories of people who really need money striking it rich.

 One of my favorite marketing campaigns ever. And it's so true. Why do I love them? Because, even when they're down 7-3 in the bottom of the ninth, I stayed at work late so I could watch the end of the game on MLB's Gameday (I gave up on GameCast, then I remembered Gameday is far superior anyway.) Then, what do you know, on one out, they score six runs. Royals Win! Royals Win! I was really nervous about losing that one, especially since I knew Detroit won. I did NOT want to spend a day behind Detroit in the standings. What else do I love? Their shirts with this year's slogan "Together We Can" has the word "O KC tober" on the front. Awesome.

 Now Benito Santiago is shown with a Reds hat. No, you're not mistaken. He DID play for the Giants before signing with KC.

 There's Juan Gonzalez in a Cleveland had. Ummm, didn't we get him from Texas?

 What's the best part of ESPN's GameCast? The picture of pitcher Brian Anderson shows him wearing an Arizona hat. C'mon, folks! It's OPENING DAY!!! Get with the picture. He hasn't played for Arizona since 2002. But, don't worry. If you click on his name to get the player profile, he's pictured wearing a Cleveland hat. At least he threw for them last year. Ridiculous!

 Some thoughts while I take a break from writing really crummy stories: * I just heard on Virgin Radio that there are rumors (rumours?) circulating around the UK that old Becks has had an affair with his personal assistant. However, Dave has joined Posh, Brooklyn and Romeo on their holiday, and calls the rumors "ludicrous!" * Starting about last Thursday the right side of my jaw hurt when I moved my mouth. First I thought it must have been knocked out of whack somehow. Then, I started worrying that I'd been cut by a rusty nail and didn't realize it and had contracted lock jaw. Then, I really started worrying when I thought that it was actually a tooth hurting, and not my jaw. This was the worst scenario, as I currently have no dental insurance, and no money, so as I told my brother, "I guess I'll just have to guess which tooth it is and pull it. My multi-tool has pliers on it." Saturday it hurt pretty badly, and I couldn't really open my mouth without it hurting. This is bad for someone who likes to both eat and talk a lot. Anyway, today it's all better. Must have just been out of whack, and now it's right. * ROBBIE WILLIAMS IS GOING TO BE IN A MOVIE THIS JUNE!!!!!! I'm very excited about this, as you can tell by the all-caps and the multiple exclamation points. It's called De-Lovely and it's a musical about Cole Porter. Robbie performs at least one of the musical numbers. Sheryl Crow and Alanis Morriset are also in it.

 I think this weekend's SNL might have set a record for most cast members cracking up in the middle of sketches. Of course, your MVP: Jimmy Fallon.

 You know those days where you wake up and your first thought is, "Whoo hooo! Today is _____!" Well, today's blank-filler is OPENING DAY!!!!! WHOO HOOOO! Except, now I'm already a nervous wreck, and I don't think I'll really be able to "watch" (Gamecast) the game, as I have a ton of crap to do. Don't even get me started on the story I'm supposed to be writing...

 As a Royals fan, I fully understand the importance of the bullpen. In the past the boys in blue have blown so many saves that going into the ninth inning I'm nervous no matter what the score is. That point has been driven home (it amazes me how many baseball terms sneak into everyday language. Driven home, the home stretch, cover all the bases, etc.) by the Royals losing their last two games in Chicago's final at-bat. I can't wait until we have our real closer back!!!

 urlLink David Padgett is transferring from kU. If only he had left 41 days ago...

 Except, I only have a top 25. One playlist on iTunes is the Top 25 Most Played. When I was PAing the volleyball games, I decided the Wildcats needed a toilet-cat growl to celebrate exciting points. Anyway, when I found the perfect growl, I got very excited and made everyone in the athletics department come into my office and listen to it. Multiple times. So, now "Cougar" is No. 2 on the Top 25 Most Played list. And, it still surprises me every time. And it still makes me laugh a little. PS - Points if you can guess what song is No. 1. PPS - I'm going old school and giving out points like Jill did freshman year.

 I try not to post about things that matter. This is why there's a plethora of posts about reality TV and only a handful about things that are actually important. Anyway, I read urlLink Andrew's post and wanted to comment, but I didn't want to take over his comments as my own ranting space. Andrew's completely right. I also find the Republican party to be completely hypocritical. They are anti-social services, preaching personal responsiblity. Yet, look how they've run things. They can't manage money, how can they expect single parents/ the unemployed/ those earning minimum wage to get by? If the current administration was a person, it would have to go on welfare. (And we all know how keen Republicans are on welfare!) Unless, of course, it was in jail serving time for committing fraud. It also amazes me that it's assumed those with strong religious beliefs are Republicans. I mean, doesn't the Bible teach you to help your neighbor? The poor? The sick? Don't these go along more with the Democratic platform? It amazes me that people can look past all these atributes of a political party based on a single issue, abortion. Anyway, I know I've made sweeping generalizations in this post, and I know that Republicans are good people, too. I mean, my dad's one. But, yeah, Andrew, you're right. That article just makes you sick. Anyway, this post was depressing and not really fun, so here's an old classic joke. Two fish were in a tank. One said to the other, "Hey! Do you know how to drive this thing?" Ba dum ching!

 So, barring any drastic turn of events, in two months I'll be ditching North Dakota for a job in Troy, Ala. Our football coach was an assitant with the now A.D. at Troy State, so he put in a good word for me and I was able to get a job as a graduate assitant in their media relations department. It should be a good deal. Originally I was supposed to start on June 1, and since I'm not supposed to finish here until June 21 and I have not finished my time machine (yet), I was really stressed about this. But, it looks like I'll be able to start with the second summer session that starts on July 6, so it should all work out. One thing I'm already dreading -- the Tigers roll into Troy on Sept. 11 (or Sept. 9 if they're able to get the ESPN Thurs. night game). I don't know if I can handle this. One good thing, Troy's men's basketball team beat Belmont not once, but twice.

 When I first read the headline urlLink Heavy Social Drinkers Suffer Brain Damage I was a little worried. I mean, what's the definition of heavy? More than 0-4? Well, thankfully, "heavy" is defined as more than 100 drinks in a month. Which to me means alcoholic, not "heavy social drinker." They did say the results could be the effect of alcohol withdrawl, as the participants had not had a drink for 12 hours! Anyway, at the end of the article, they suggested moderate drinking, which means one drink a day for women. Since I have no social life in ND, I've got a LOT of drinks built up, so WATCH OUT!

 A few things: 1) I hate Trish. Wow. It doesn't matter how many times you say you're fabulous. There's already been Tina Fabulous on The Bachelor, they're not going to nickname you Trish Fabulous. Just stop. Also, your hair was not long enough to go in that ponytail at the rose ceremony. You should have been cut just for that. 2) Maybe if you're trying to convince the 15 girls you're dating at the same time that you're the guy for them, you shouldn't tell them the reason you want to get married is because you're tired of sleeping with random girls. There has to be a better way to put that... 3) Not a fan of Julie, the cheerleader. She actually did a cheerleading move when he gave her the last rose. WTF? I wish Jesse would have said, "I'm sorry, I got the name wrong again. I meant ... anyone else. That is strange and creepy. Please go away."

 I just overheard a co-worker use the phrase "give him the business." I LOVE IT!! I think every episode of Leave it to Beave includes some variation of that phrase. "But, Mom, if I wear that, all the guys will give me the business."

 Last night on South Park, Butters got a robot!!! Sure, it was just Cartman dressed in a robot costume made of boxes, but that's still AWESOME. Bonus points for the robot being named "Awesom-o."

 McDonald's is urlLink offering "Happy Meals" for adults. They have a salad, a pedometer, the tip to "walk more," and a bottle of water. What's happy about that?!

 It's called Answer Questions Like the President. This is how it works: Someone asks you a question, your reply comes nowhere near answering the question, but it does include key words. Here's an example: Dad: What are you getting Mom for her birthday? Me: I have a Mom. I like my Mom. I bought her a birthday present once. I'm more free to buy her a birthday present now that Saddam Hussein is not in power. Oh, yeah. I forgot to mention, bonus points if your answer includes, "Saddam Hussein is dangerous."

 As when I heard these words leave GWB's mouth: "As the ultimate decision maker for this country..." And, I've jumped trains on a moving subway. That wasn't as scary.

 My cousins got an Eye Toy for the PS2 for Christmas. We played at Easter. It was AWESOME!!! You're actually IN the game. In one, Kung Foo, you fight off these ninjas that come jumping out of trees trying to hit you with bamboo shoots. I'm not going to lie, I'm pretty good at Kung Foo. In fact, I held the record until my good-for-nothing sister broke it. I wasn't there, so I'm pretty sure she cheated.

 In a Dublin window in the summer of 2002, an artist jested that without Roy Keane, who quit days before the World Cup began, the only way Ireland could win the World Cup was if the goalie wore giant gloves. Well, urlLink Keane is back! His beef was with Mick McCartney, who looked an awful lot like Matt Dougherty, who quit in Nov. 2002. By the way, Roy is no relation to Robbie Keane. I was very confused about this.

 *I had a good Easter. The best part -- now I can drink pop again, and I'm doing it like it's my job. Usually when I give up pop and have been drinking water for 40 days, I reach the, "Pop really doesn't sound appealing. All that syrup and sugar, blech!" stage. Not this year! Bring it on!!! *Wally Cleaver was a central character in my dream Sunday night. It was awesome. I then decided that if I could be any sit-com character, I'd be Mary Ellen Rogers. *I was offered a job yesterday. It's almost more stressful to think of finishing this job, moving 1500 miles, and starting a new job -- and classes! -- in six weeks than to think of being unemployed in six weeks. I'm still tinkering with the timing, so hopefully it won't be so rushed. We'll see. More details on this later. *My priorities are clearly where they should be. Most people would list a potential job below a dream about the Cleaver clan. *I woke up at 4 a.m. and did not go back to sleep until about 6 a.m. It sucked. I was too worried about things. I don't count sheep, but I do try things like naming the presidents in order and naming the state capitals. This did not make things any better when I realized I do not know the capital of New Hampshire, and began worrying about why I don't know the state capital of New Hampshire. Then I realized I don't know any cities in N.H. Rough night, I tell you. *I laughed out loud when I read urlLink this on Sunday. Then I had to explain to my mom what a metrosexual is. *God bless CNBC. Last night, I got to watch the episode of The Apprentice that I had missed on Thursday. Hooray. *From now on, I'm going to try to write shorter entries. This is TOO MUCH!

 First, I'm still appalled by how Jill tells me the boys who are at UVA Law dress, especially the ones who went to an Ivy League school for undergrad. I think it's the "Our school has the ranking of an Ivy League school, so let's dress like it!" mentality. Three polo shirts? At one time? Never necessary. Anyway, now I've read this article about Princeton's urlLink Drinking Day and it makes me wonder two things. 1) Why didn't Mizzou have a drinking day? and 2) What is an eating club? I know Jill and I tried to start the Eat and Take a Nap Club, but it never really took off. Are these similar? Eating clubs are the social hub of the university? What?

 First it was the blood-drive mess, now the editor of the Maneater is urlLink contributing for their Campus Vibe feature.

 In my first week participating in the Rose Cermony game on abc.com, I correctly predicted all six of the rose recipients on last night's episode of The Bachelor. I had to laugh when Jesse and Suzie were at the silent movie, which was actually pictures of the two of them (I believe Andrew Firestone and Kirsten had a similar date. And, there's a movie about a girl dating about five guys where one of thim pulls a similar stunt.) Anyway, they show the token naked baby photo, Suzie says, "I can't believe they showed the naked baby photo!" And Jesse, trying to sound smooth as he made his move says, "I liked it..." Ummm... that's a little creepy. Yes, it was a picture of Suzie naked. But, she was a BABY. Don't act like that turned you on! Trish is joining Steve Lavin on the list of people who if I see them, I will do them physical harm.

 After trailing 16.0-6.5, we're now only down 16.5-12.5. Think positive thoughts for our golfers next weekend, and we could tie things up!

 The former lead singer for the Pogues -- the band that sings a song that includes the lyrics "and we'll drink and drink and drink and drink and drink and drink and fight!" -- urlLink was attacked oustide a London pub .

 3) March 18, 2004 -- Britt and I met some random boys and one girl from the Air Force in KC and hung out with them until 7 a.m. And, Britt danced with an old Mexican WWII veteran. And we both lost in drinking races. And we hid behind bushes while these men who protect our country tried to devise a way to sneak us into their hotel after the bars closed. Unsuccessful in that attempt, by the way. 2) New Year's Eve 1999 -- I ended up at my friend's uncle's house, dodging fireworks as they were inadvertantly shot at us. If you ever asked me prior to that night where I would be as the world moved into 2000, I would NEVER have said there. 1) Last night. I was planning on watching AI and maybe the Real World. I also had to do some planning for tonight's CCD class. Anyway, at 5:45 I got a call from the volleyball coach, Jane. Jane: Do you want to go to the casino tonight? Me: Sure... Jane: Ok. Can I stay at your house? Me: I guess... I'll have to clean like a maniac... So, at 8, after 2+ hours of hard-core cleaning we went to the casino that's right on the N.D./S.D state line. We played the roulette wheel, and not to brag, we were pretty good at it. We only put in combined $10 at a time, and one round we cashed in $83. We were the obnoxious ones who get excited when they win $3. There were high-fives aplenty. When it was all said and done, I left with ten bucks more than I came with. Of course we didn't leave until this morning, as we could not drive back last night and stayed in the hotel there. As the night wore on, I kept saying, "It's Tuesday night... and I'm at the casino..." Yeah, it's hands down the most random night of my life.

 The Royals urlLink snapped the skid! Good thing, because last night I said that if the Royals lost seven in a row I would jump off a cliff. And I didn't want to follow through.

 Our football coach, who basically got me my job at Troy State, is very excited that I'm going there. For a couple days, every time he saw me, he sang the fight song. I thought, "That song is strangely familiar, since I have no reason to know the Troy State fight song." Well, that's because it was actually the Notre Dame fight song. So, finally I said, "Isn't that the Notre Dame fight song?" He said, "Yeah, but I don't remember Troy's. But, they do have a good band." And now, he still sings Notre Dame. Hooray!

 Last night I went out to eat with our volleyball coach and a volleyball coach from MSU-Moorhead. The MSUM coach, who I'd never met before, said to me, "I bet you're kind of a flower child inside." I told her that I used to think I would have been a hippie if I were around for that era. But, after seeing high-school aged war protesters in CoMO, I decided I'd be more likely to run over a hippie than be one. It was a sad realization. (Speaking of volleyball, I think it edges out soccer as the sport that's grown on me the most since high school. I used to HATE it! Hate, hate, hate it.) Then the coaches who know me said I've changed. I informed them that, no, it's just that I have a slow-to-warm personality. People here don't seem to understand the slow-to-warm personality. You'd think living in North Dakota, they'd have a solid grasp on the slow-to-warm concept.

 Like I alluded to earlier, I'm giving away points. And keeping track. I live in The Wahp, what else do I have to do for entertainment? Anyway, here are the first points awarded... urlLink Jill - This morning as I drank my Diet Dr Pepper, I thought, "Man! This is SOOO good!" So, Jill gets 1 point for introducing me to this wonderful concoction. urlLink Dan gets 1 point for entering my suggestion in Big 12's Rename-Our-Bar contest and offering to split the beer tab if he wins. Hooray! Kevin Appier gets -5 points for his inability to pitch more than three innings on Saturday.

 1) The Royals losing 6 in a row. 2) The Royals getting swept by the Twins. This is especially painful living in "Twins Country" and because I had the joy of witnessing one of the losses first-hand. 3) Kevin Appier starting a game in 2004, when the JumboTron "Remember When" features the Twins beating Kansas City in 1991 in another game started by Kevin Appier. I don't know exactly how old Kevin Appier is, but I'm guessing his age plus the top speed of his fastball would hit around 175. And he only threw about 80 on Saturday.

 The urlLink KA's blew up their cannon. It just makes me laugh. Why did they ever even HAVE a cannon? To protect their territory?

   I hope none         of you taped (or for those who are more technologically advanced and make me terribly jealous, TiVoed) last night's Will and Grace, because I'm going to spoil it. I'm sadder at Harry Connick, Jr. cheating on Grace than I am about the end of Friends. Probably because Friends is on just about every channel on TV at least once a day. But, why would Harry do that? It was the saddest season finale. Karen's getting divorced, too. So, Will and Grace will no longer feature Harry and John Cleese. Boooo.

 Umm... call me crazy, but I get very frustrated when our "closer" gives up two home runs and a triple in the ninth. That shouldn't cut it. He blew his third straight save. So, why is he pitching in the ninth? Isn't MacDougal back? I don't get it. On the bright side, Carlos Beltran hit his eighth home run of the year, putting him on pace to hit 64+. (I love extrapolating early-season stats to the whole season. They're so ridiculous and useless. And fun.) However, if things keep going this way, he'll hit at least half of those for another team. Booo.

 I have absolutely NOTHING interesting to say. At least, nothing that warrants its own post. So, here are a few snippets, that on a better day I might be able to accompany with some type of opinion or commentary to create individual posts. But, today, I don't. * I'm going to have to start voting in AI. I always mean to, but never have. Anyway, once this thing is over, I'm so buying George Huff's CD. And, that CD will be the one in my collection that people look at and say, "Hmmm. Didn't expect you to have that one." We all have them. Right now I'd say my CD that fits that description is Warren G. However, I haven't listened to that since junior high, so it doesn't really count. Also, I don't like it. But, I do like George Huff. He sure likes to bounce. * The longer Jesse keeps Trish, the less I like him. I also like how he was more bothered by random bachelorette telling him that Trish is trouble than he was when his best friend. I wonder how he feels about Eli Manning joing the team, on an unrelated note. * Yesterday the governor came to campus. He patted me on the back. But, he did not say he was proud of me, so that tally stands at one. * We had a professional photographer on campus yesterday to take pictures of the governor's forum. Then, we scheduled other photos for the rest of the day so we only had to bring him on campus the one time. Anyway, it was my job to recruit students to be in the photos of fake classes and the "I'm happy and walking oustide!" photos that you see in every college viewbook in America. Since the only students I know are athletes, one group in the "happy outside" pictures contained three boys 6-7 and taller. A true representation of our campus. *Yesterday was nice out, so I decided it would be a good day to break in the kitten-heeled flip-flops that I bought about a month ago. That was a bad idea. I forget that most days the only walking I do in my work clothes is the 150 steps (I actually counted once.) from my building to my office door. Yesterday, I walked much more. And, a lot of times my heels sank into the ground. Poor shoe selection, Kara! * I'm very excited about the photo we took for the schedule poster. * Perhaps my favorite part of Ben Kweller's new CD is the opening to the song "On My Way." It includes the line "I'd kill him with karate." Awesome. * At first, I did not like the show Aqua Teen Hunger Force. Then, I realized that talking milkshakes, fries and meatwads are funny. If you have not yet reached this realization and have nothing to do on Sun.-Thurs. at 11 p.m. (CDT), turn on Cartoon Network. You'll be glad you did. Probably. * The other day on the TV Guide Channel, I saw a clip of Jessica Simpson singing Robbie Williams' song "Angels." I'm not sure how I feel about that. I REALLY like that song. I don't really care for Jessica. But, maybe people would hear that song and say, "Hey, that's a great song. I bet it'd be AMAZING if a beautiful, talented British boy sang it." Then, they might discover Robbie. And, that is something I whole-heartedly support. * For a post about nothing, this turned out to be kind of long. Sorry, dudes.

 Suppose last season actually happened. And suppose I was very angry and bitter and a smiling Rickey grinning at me all day was just salt in an open wound. I would still leave up my Rickey Paulding growth chart, because every time a men's basketball player comes into my office, he measures himself against it. All of them do it. It makes me laugh.

 Today's high: 80. Tonight: Chance of snow. It's like I'm still in Missouri.

 Stupid men's golf team! They finished 11th in the Big 12 championship. And ku was not 12th. That puts us back down 19.5-15.5. Track is next...

 The FIFA president wants to urlLink get rid of draws in soccer. I think that's a wonderful idea. At MLBI we spent a lot of time bragging that in baseball there is always a winner and a loser. Then, Bud Selig made us into a bunch of liars by ending the All-Star Game in a tie. Booo. Anyway, I think no ties would make soccer more popular in the US.

 I want to see both Mean Girls and 13 Going on 30. And, I just might see them this weekend. And, maybe I'll listen to my Lizzie McGuire soundtrack on the way...

 Dan gets two points, one for using my suggestion for the new name for Big 12 in Vox, and one point for eating at Taqueria Moran. I think that's an interesting mix of ethnicities for a diner's name, by the way. It reminds me of the Lopez-Fitzgeralds on Passions. Anyway, Andrew gets a point for listening to me explain a terrible Lifetime movie that I watched starring Glen Close, Calista Flockhart and Cameron Diaz. Jill and J-Dub get points for finals week. Britt gets a point for answering her phone on Friday!!! Dave Beckham gets a point for his urlLink new haircut.

 I knew I didn't like Florida State for urlLink a reason. Anyway, how much do you think Robert C. Bowden, football coach, has in common with Robert W. Bowden, hairstylist?

 It's interesting to see where people are making donations. I was sad to see David Glass, owner of the KC Royals, gave $2000 to W. I was not surprised, however, to see who the urlLink residents of 10000 Memorial Drive in Houston, Texas are supporting. Here are some others that I found interesting. urlLink Dean Smith, urlLink Jerry Seinfeld, urlLink Robin Williams, and urlLink Ben Affleck make me happy. urlLink Here's a man who's hedging his bets. And, urlLink This one just makes me say "Whaaaaat?"

 Reading urlLink this makes me like him more.

 The Mizzou women's golf team finished 6th in the Big XII Tournament. This is disappointing for a group hoping to win the thing, but better than No. 8 kansas! Which means add three to the point total! Which means we're just down 16.5-15.5 now! I'm a little nervous about the men's golf team. I don't know about this year, but kansas has had pretty solid teams in the past.

 So, before I resigned myself to the fact that I would not have the opportunity to see Boston this summer, I checked ticketmaster.com rather than Boston's web site. Oh, those boys are coming back to Atlanta in late August. So, hope is not lost.

 You missed Henry Winkler, who was playing a lawyer, singing Too Ra Loo Ra Loo Ral to a crying baby in a police interrogation room on Take Your Daughter to Work Day. It was probably one of the Top 10 funniest things I've ever seen on television.

 This morning I heard on the radio that Boston is coming to Grand Forks! Whoo Hooo! But, they won't be here until after I leave. D'oh! "That's ok," I thought. "In July I'll live only 2 1/2 hours from Atlanta. Surely a tour that hits Grand Forks will go to Atlanta. So, I checked Boston's web page. They do indeed go to Atlanta. Before I move down there. Booooo.

 Baseball decided that urlLink maybe putting Spider-Man logos on the bases wasn't a good idea afterall. Hooray!

 My sister said this, and I agree. It was more emotional watching Joey and Chandler say goodbye than seeing Ross and Rachel resolve things.

 Watch Out! Here Comes Kara! presents Goofus and Gallant. Gallant knows that to be a healthy young man, he must exercise regularly. Goofus drives by the gym, decides it looks too busy, then goes to Dairy Queen instead. Gallant: "Oh, my! Is that the fire alarm? I need to get out of the building right now!" Goofus hears the fire alarm, but decides since he can't smell smoke, it's probably not real. So, he continues ironing his pants, puts in a tape to tape the Friends finale, changes clothes, then leaves. Yesterday, I was Goofus. But, in my defense, it was a false alarm. I asked a coworker who's a volunteer firefighter, and he said they weren't even called out to the building.

