 I hate soccer. it makes me cry.

 YO MONEY SEX AND RELIGION

 yo aint no stoppin me the prophecy i came to fufill my destiny

 well today was another friday night spent with aud and tray welll tray till about 10:15 and then aud till 12 but whatever it was cool tray and aud made this gross pudding rice stuff and then we made this snackin cake it was snackin alright! and then we spent the night wasting away in her room ha okay

 well nice move with that tripping keiko. today some mother fucking asshole stole my money and if i ever find out who it was i will kill her. at play practice we were in like the same scene for an hour and its one where i am onstage but just sitting on a chair in the corner and i had to stay in character but i didnt say anything. so boring. i just kind of talked to myself and acted "drunk" because my character is a drunk. today was that carnation day and i think i was laughing for like 10 minutes about ben's flower. but ill write more on that in static prevails. my own personal blog. well stay tuned for more updates from the rest of the crew. not including tray or jean because tray never goes online because she is too busy running around the world and jean is just too busy in general. well. that's it.

 wow this is nuts...now all my thoughts are for the world to see. i have an hour before dance so i'm just sitting around and am probably going to beth's in a little bit. Today I had peer counseling and it fun was cause everyone was sharing drunk stories (some people are nuts). I hate the fact that I don't trust anyone in it though. I got some of the stupidest comments about my FBI shirt today but I think the dumbest came was federal boob inspector. keiko's embarressing moment of the day: i was coming down the hall and I tripped on something (damn that something) and i hit my head on the glass part of the door. Luckily this was after school, but feel free to laugh at me now.

 today was charlies birthday and i felt really bad because i didnt say happy birthday to him when i first saw him but oh well im over it now and ive decided to stop eating the bagels at school now since audrey told me how bad they are for you so now its just my light and fit yogurt and my granola bar and im good to go!

 TOMORROW IS CHARLIE'S BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 i am alllllllllllllllllllllllooooooooooone. COME TO THE WINTER PLAY!!!! FEB 14TH AND 15TH THE MUSICAL COMEDY MURDERS OF 1940!

 WEll WELll well. tonight i have soccer but im not going because i havent done homework in a while and this extra hour and a half is definitely needed to focus on ap euro alone. i think delias sizes run small because 9/10 is pretty tight... or maybe i just run big... hmm. delias pants ill see you in hell! court ill help with the collage i think it will be cool in the end. we can have glitter and stuff.. lol i dont know where that came from. remind me not to wear those blue corduroys again because they practically fall off my ass when i sit down. i dont need it. lol.

 i use this too much

 i hate my brother john ill see you in hell!

 Soooo the lyrics on the door thing I cut few out .. like i want to cut them out and not just have big pieces of paper together so it will be more like collage-like but i dont know how to like position it any suggestions? well do it this weekend prob i need colored paper to print it out on too

 I'm just having the usual depressing after school day i think that i am the only one who has these now... aud used to but then she got too cool and made the play so i got a 69% on my physical science quiz today and def failed a geometry test (i hate alsip) but oh well whatever

 this is so cool but i have to go now because my bro needs to go on later

 YEeeeeeAH!!!!! THIS IS IT! a team blog! finally all of our pathetically LAME inside jokes will be etched in stone.... if you want to post on this blog and you arent a member let me know and maybe ill put you on the roster!! alright!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 tonight me court and tray went to IHOP and man did we eat like lumberjacks. especially tray. lol she had 3 pancakes and a 3 egg omlet. and all her hashbrowns followed by some bites of waffle and some ice cream sundae. man lumberjacking it up eh tray!? not that me and court didnt eat like lumberjacks i had 4 pancakes with strawberries and apple crisp that SUCKED for desert. with butter rivers in it. court had like half a waffle and some sundae. shes weak. tray is STRONG!!! LUMBERJACK IT UP! sorry chris no sex tonight i ate like too much of a lumberjack. haha oh man. well what else oh we did nothign. i bought my turnabout dress and keiko came over for 5 seconds.

 Jeanine you are funny.

 ITS A SPIDER EATING A WORM WITH AN EGGSAC... AUD AND COURT YOU MEMBER WAT WE DID THAT NIGHT?? HEHEH nice

 Ok I have 21 dollars and I need to earn 49.50 for my dave concert tickets by umm feb 8th I think... even though they are already on sale at the actual college... It was a good day... I ate a lot of pizza for dinne rno good... umm I want so much money I need all the new clothes in abercrombie now! Well anyways... I have a question you guys could all answer... umm.. What annoys you more... When someone doesn't trust you or when someone hides things from you... I would have to say I hate both! ... jw not like i have anything like that happeneing to me... anyways peace!

 well now since audrey has a date to turnabout i guess its just gonna be me and tray sittin at her house..its fine.. well probably order zippys or pizza hut and ill convince her to watch billy madison.. i have to keep reassuring myself it will be fun.

 audrey billhymer i cant believe you are going to have money now and i will get the guitar its a goal it will be met prob

 SO YES I DID GET A PURSE! but sadly enough i am returning it but DONT WORRY i am getting another one exactly like it (well not exactly but close) just because i think i will like it better with the longer strap and all! so im not going to return the other one until i get this one in the mail and do a compare and contrast. wow that was lame.

 oh aud you jokester i really did laugh when i read that only four friends over haha

 today rebecca also drove me home from the play. what a funny lady she is. lol ohhhhhhhhhhh man. so for turnabout despite my relentless efforts to get a date, i worked hard to no avail, so i am going to have a Anti-Turnabout/birthday party. how does that sound?! boooo yah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! its invitation only so don't invite the world becaus i know they all want to come but im only having my 4 friends over okay?! hahahaha

 Courtney got a purse!!!?!?!! this is an epiphany! i can't wait to see it. god reading this makes me feel like such a fat ass. i ate like 7 oreos at play practice and then came home and had 3 big chocolate chip cookies that i made yesterday and forgot to bring to school. let's just be honest with ourselves here. Courtney is never going to get the bigger guitar. she;s going to be stuck with baby forever. or at least until she buys eric. i have a new part time job! its tutoring my brother! i get $10 a day! ohh yes ohh yes. i know you're all jealous because i get $10 for an hour to an hour and a half max. well i guess thats life. or something like it. bahhh dum chhh. today sucked and i'm such a little weirdo. and an obvious one at that- when it comes to liking guys. Keiko you know what i mean you silly girl. but the good news is IM STAYING IN ACCELERATED CHEMISTRY!!! despite the D i did get on the final that keiko insisted was not going to happen, i managed to pull off a B for the semester, a B-, but a b none the less.

 today i worked out with tray again! man i love when its this cold out because then she likes to go to the CRC and we went to the mall before that and i bought a purse. its cool. it has green on it. so its good enough for me. then i went to guitar after and it was okay except for they said they were going to give me my new guitar today but of course they didnt have them in so i must wait another long week. oh well!

 HEY KEIKO!! IM PRETTY GOOD HOW ARE YOU MAN?>1!!

 arigato konichiwa onakagasuita genkidesuka watashiwakeikodesu ocha ichi ni san shi go roku hichi hachi ku ju gyunyu neko omisu te atama kyuri tomodachi ichiban obachandoko chigagorowatashitachiwaiitokoro imanangi BANZAI!

 i watched donnie darko today after finals and i'm still thinking about frank and his crazy antics. court how ya been? seems like i haven't seen you in forever. planning to go to dance tonight cause i haven't gone in like 4 days which is really long for me. so i'm almost positive that i'm not going to ask anyone to turnabout because unlike audrey, i'm not brave enough to ask and there is no one to ask. So instead liz and i are probably going to do something, which i would like to believe will be more fun than the dance. guy suck

 today was play practice. nice job working out court. i didn't. but i just made cookies. i might go to soccer tonight but i doubt it because tomorrow is the chem final and thats the determiner to whether or not i stay in the class. so i have to study. well i dont have to but i probably should. its cool that jeanine finally signed up for this. tonight. is. lame. no way am i going to soccer

 today i worked out with tray so at least it was somewhat productive. i didnt study for my finals today. good thing because what a waste of time that would of been. they were easy for me but whenever thats the case i usually do bad. well

 hahahhah jeanine well grant is a fag anyway

 Well the only reason I signed up to be in this group blog is because... I was kind of skimming through it and I saw what Court said... It was something like I hate my brotehr I'll see you in hell John... and well that just cracks me up uncontrollably... hah Court member when we made the list of things we hate in school and for Mrs. Grant it said I'll see you in hell women.,... good times... Oh wait member when we made the Pros and Cons list lol ... shhhhhh don't tell the boys we did it on haha ... well that's all for now... actually one more thing... Dave Matthews Band concert tickets go on sale soon but I'm not sure when so if anyone knows could they let me know! I have 13 dollars saved i think I'll make it to 58 by the end of feb lol oh well... Dave kicks ass... Cya

 No problem keiko, even though i didnt drop anything off because i SUCK. today english was fun because me and emily made fun of people and bobby laughed,. and then he drove us home from school yay! lol bobby rocks.today was a shitty day and ive added another medication to the list. its to help with my anxiety. yeah... great...

 So since I'm at home, while all of you are at school (muahahaha), I'll tell you about the different symptoms I've been experiences for the past three days......migraines, dizziness, sore throat, fever, stuffy nose, cough, nausea, constant tearing (don't know what that one's all about), chills followed by extreme sweating, and my favorite--looking at people and thinking that they're moving really fast and being really loud...it's kinda hard to explain. So anyway my mom's threatening to take me to see my doctor, who I'm soon changing, who is this crazy indian lady (no offense) that looks like a man and is very rough and has cold hands. it's not a fun experience. So this weekend I watched Dune, Flower Drum Song, the Signs, and a bunch of home movies. Dune is the weirdest movie i've ever seen, there are little girls with glowing blue eyes, fat guys that have plugs in their stomach who float, huge worm things that people ride, etc. Audrey thanks for calling me and dropping stuff off for me, you're an awesome friend.

 Today i went on a roadtrip with my parents it was kinda fun just because there so lame. we went to gurnee mills and i almost bought a purse but i didnt. (not really i just kind of looked at it) and american eagle is so boring i have a 15$ GC there and i dont really like anything there. then we went to lake geneva and some other really boring wisconsin towns. my dad went into alot of antique shops. you know. the usual. but i did get a double dare shirt from this junk store so i guess it kinda made the day.

 FOR MY BIRTHDAY I HOPE TO GET: a flatscreen monitor, a flatbed scanner, and a new printer. yes yes yes. all things tangible and doable as my father would say. court is on a road trip today i tried to take notes for chem and failed. i couldnt even start them how do you start?! what do you do?! what is chemisty?! why is is so hard for me? help

 i think i'll read a book or something. a nice one with a happy ending.

 well ya lied on that court because its 1 now and you still haven't gone to bed... neither have i... but so what?

 it is 12:35 am and im kind of tired but i really dont want to go to bed. i hate that feeling. i wish i could see who reads these pointless posts. i think maybe ill try sleeping since there is nothing better to do.

 i hate school more than anyone will ever know

 Last night i had the weirdest longest dream of my life. weird. and then before that i was sleep walking and talking to courtney and i yelled at her and then watched some weird meet the parents interview thing while i was sleeping and i dont remember any of it. but i remember my dream and man it was so long. like years long i just explained the whole thing to court and it took like 10 minutes it was crazy long. and weird most of all! what should we do today?

 i hate that woman at walgreens who broke the picture machine so i can't see my pictures until tomorrow god damn her. tomorrow i think i am going to a coheed and cambria concert with jeanae and julie and ashley even though i dont really know ashley i think it will be fun. well i hope it will. it should be. i have no recollection of what happened last night and i dont remember sarah or courtney leaving i dont really remember much. but tomorrow i am skipping soccer hahahahahaahha. and im not doing my homework either! ahahahahahahahahahahah im a rebel with a cause. i got my report card today. 3.3 unweighted oh audrey you are so smart .. haaaaaaaaahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa anyway. charlie rocks and turnabout will be pretty trendy especially if court ever buys a nice trendy dress like i did. the group right now is me carter courtney charlie keiko and mike. we have just too many friends to include them all so i made a list of the top 6 that i wanted to be in my group. sorry to all my many friends who had to be excluded from this. i will make it up to all 700 of you later. i promise.

 So tonight me aud and sarah were watching office space. but i fell asleep in the middle and when i woke up again around 11:25, sarah was gone and audrey was sleeping. i was like ehhhhh what do i do now? but i called my parents and got outta there without making a peep or waking audrey up. damn im good

 All around me are familiar faces Worn out places Worn out faces Bright and early for the daily races Going nowhere Going nowhere The tears are filling up their glasses No expressions No expressions Hide my head I wanna drown my sorrow No tomorrow No tomorrow And I find it kinda funny I find it kinda sad The dreams in which im dying are the best ive ever had I find it hard to tell you I find it hard to take When people run in circles its a very very Mad world Children waiting for the day they feel good Happy birthday Happy birthday And they Feel the way that every child should Sit and listen Sit and listen Went to school and I was very nervous No one knew me No one knew me Hello teacher tell me whats my lesson Look right through me And I find it kinda funny I find it kinda sad The dreams in which im dying are the best ive ever had I find it hard to tell you I find it hard to take When people run in circles its a very very Mad world Enlarge in your world Mad world

 guitar was bad today. painfully bad. i was counting the minutes until it was over. and jim was really mean today. i hate when he gets in those mean moods. im probably the only person that notices it but its really annoying. even eigth notes were hard today. i need to practice. or maybe i should just quit.

 i'm getting busy. so make sure that i'm up to date on tv night. i hate to miss out. i think i miss you most on wednesdays and saturdays. seems our day keeps falling on a leap year. -dashboard confessional-

 I never wanted us to fade out Resting on a love that fell apart Where are you, I need you You still have my heart One night with me and I've broken your trust I hate to be the bond you know is gonna bust Hurting lungs from breathing sighs of disgust This can't be home anymore -yellowcard-

 ok well court asked me to turnabout today and its gonna be trendy as hell. audd, whos in our group besides carter and keiko and mike is it? hmm ok well too bad youll miss skating so youd better work on that play so its good when i see it. night all!

 JEAN PRESS POST AND PUBLISH WHEN YOU POST MAN!

 So last night I totally blew off court and tray and i feel bad and im sorry but super bowl ended up being at jamie and tylors instead of kyles... anyways i have a bruise on my thigh the size of new hampshire!! its real big lol.. i leave on thursday ngiht for rhode island and i really cant wait!! woohoo... court man I have to work on wed night again so that means no dawson=( im real sorry... I need money guys... umm my dad won a couple hundred dollars in the super bowl pools! woohoo go my dad,.... anyways im out cya

 youre right i didnt like just married either. except ashton is nice. hehe. tonight we dyed courtneys hair and it looks nice but to me she hates it. but i really like it so ill trade mine. ew i hate mine its just like everyone elses. yyyyyyyyyyyysdukjnag. so its time for DQ except ithink its closed

 just married was not a very good movie

 i need a haircut

 See I don't know if you can help me or not Cause I don't feel sick But the pains in my head have almost put me Underground I don't really care if I'm healthy or not Just clean my head up doc I'll give you anything you want See I don't know why I don't fall in love Well maybe I know why and maybe you could make it stop Then we'll cut it up and bury it and leave it Underground And I'll take to wishing and fall under Sleeping safe and sound Just give me medicine prescribe me anything Just knock me out and walk me through the door I have no desire to see through my own eyes anymore

 o and hey! i got my iverson this year for calc and im charlie the tuna and/or charlie the arlie

 theres something about moose tracks ice cream that really makes you think youve died and gone to heaven

 "There's something about Sunday night that really makes you want to kill yourself." - my so-called life

 well i didnt work out todya. because im a bad person. but i will do it tomorrow after play practice. thats right i will spend my friday night doing plyometrics. great. great.

 so here ends my 5 hour day online talking to jules. but hey i worked out today so it cancels out OKAY!

 HEY AUD AND JEAN! do you guys remember when mr. iverson would call us names and stuff? well member he could never think of a good name for darren so he called him "darren the darren"? hahahahhahahhahha i was thinking of that today in 8th period and i just started smiling. it was funny.

 i am really sore, but thats just because i havent used any muscles in like 1000000 years and the being out of shape thing is a factor too. well i cant go to preseason tomorrow thanks to guitar..woohoo..guitar is so..ehhh..fun. no its fine i think i like it. how come nobody is blogging it up lately? come on guys! blog it up! YEAAAAAAHHHHHH. lame. i need a job. well whatever.

 i dont want to go to bed tonight really.

 HAHA TRAY you are so funny.

 i finally got this thing to work !

 i dont want to go to confirmation tonight.

 the only thing i did on my list of plans was take a shower. lol

 PLANS FOR TODAY: 1. AP euro packet 2. Go running 3. Shower 4. Go to coheed and cambria 5. Read

 moody eighties sucks.

 i'm listening to moody eighties and eating this oatmeal we got free in the mail. i already ate half a brownie and the crust off of the half eaten apple pie. im trying to convince myself that if i run today, which i won't... well maybe i will.... i havent been running in a while... is it cold? well i don't care.

 for a time i was falling in love but now im only falling apart, theres nothing i can do: a total eclipse of the heart

 PLANS FOR TOMORROW: 1. Look for a dress 2. Look up lyrics 3. Go to the library 4. Look up lyrics 5. Look up lyrics 6. Look up lyrics yet another productive day

 I'm falling down And you're not here to break my fall I shut my eyes when you're around I hold my breath to kill the sound of your voice I'm falling down. And you're not here to break my fall

 i got my report card today too. i got a 2.9 culumative and a 3.0 weighted i think. whatever. i dont really care. i guess theres nothing wrong with just getting by. at least im passing.

 i hope audrey burns me the jets to brazil CD because the song wont leave my head.

 i need a vacation like nobodys business

 well it looks as though me and audrey wont be rockin consumer ed together this summer which completely SUCKS! this sucks so much. but maybe i can convince our counselor to have her take it with me. since when do you need to take consumer ed before health? thats lame. lame. lame. lame.

 i hate my dad today.

 Love is never simple. We spend our lives full of hope and expectations. And, most of the time...we're bound to fail.

 it feels like spring outside today and im still inside rotting away in front of the computer. oh well. i cant wait for summer. its going to be the best.

 i didnt get mine. fuck.

 Umm I got my license today!! woohoo... Bu tmy parents won't let me drive alone yet? What's that about? haha anyways... I can't wait until Turnabout and I knwo court can't either haha! umm I'm going

 well thanks

 well i ate wayyyyyyyyyyyy too much today. i feel so fat. well whatever. great job on the play audrey. you were awesome.

 school was so boring today. and i have a church retreat this weekend that i used to be excited for but now im thinking its going to tiring and lame. i dont want to wake up early. well i like pizza a whole lot.

 and it no longer feels like spring outside

 then i found it at dominiks on sunday

 i lost my lisence saturday

 I MIGHT GET MY LICENSE TOMORROW! no big deal considering everyone from first semester already has theirs... haha

 well since no one is blogging at all i felt that i had to. today i went to this dui thing for drivers ed even though im not in that class enymore. court hope you didnt miss me too much in health if we were with you guys or whatever. plus you cant just say" i like crushes" and not tell us more. duh. cmon this is a blog for everyone to see your deepest and most heart felt thoughts haha. and audd, whats goin on with carter? hmm o well nothings new here except i have become addicted to koolaid BLOG, PEOPLE!!!

 i like crushes.

 the retreat was fun to me. minus the spiders.

 i am so excited for summer. i want to get a job just so i can spend endless amounts of money on useless stuff. i dont have anything to do tonight really. but who cares warm weather rules.

 oh fuck off and die soccer.

 ehh ill see you in hell soccer.

 I am posting. Too bad we didnt win that game. that sucks. well. i don't really care. last night during a snowball fight i got a bloody nose and got blood all over the snow hahahahahahahahahahhaah. today i watched billy madison. i just almost typoed billhymer madison lol oh audrey

 wow what a night illt ell u bout it later woohoo umm yea its late n stuff and im lisstenin to eminem and i ate so much food today lol i feel like such a fat ass oh well court we should hang out on monday ok"?

 i wish i lived in california so bad.

 california; a place they say glistens gold. i want to go there and never come back home.

 well im back. i couldnt resist candy green strat for too long. my mom is being gay. dsjgkdfkdhg oh well. what are you gonna do? someones in the kitchen with dinah someones in the kitchen i know strummin on the old banjo!

 wow I haven't posted in here in a while... Kind of like everyone else OMG court and Tray I hate Alsip I want to rip out her eyes! Spring Break is tomorrow! and then 10 more weeks of school! I cant wait because march went by real fast and some it will be summer!! this is gunna kick ass... oh yea im buyin dave tickets on saturday but i have a softball game so i gotta find someone to buy them for me! Im so excited... man i really need a new bathing suit... well not really but i want one well ttyl peace goin to eat at applebees wit bunch of people and anthony is my partner hehe cya

 dude noone posts anymore. im giving up. but before I leave since I am the most frequent poster, I CLAIM THIS BLOG AS MY OWN. hahahhahahhahha. dude this is lame. im out. later.

 oh i decided on not going back to school on monday. ill see you in hell schaumburg high school. i just spelled school like scool. maybe i should go back. hahahahhahahah no way!

 oh my god. shoot me. right now. my back hurts so incredibly bad. this spring break has rocked so far. i love spring break. it rules.

 COURT N AUD!!! TODAY IN DOWNTOWN WAS SUCHA TOURIST BUT SO GOOD.... CUSHN4DAPUSHN lmao cya!

 its cool keiko baby i hope youre having a fabulous time in washington. ive never been there... which makes me a kind of pathetic excuse for an american but whatever its not like im not visiting the holy land. its just the capital. i love the mighty ducks. Wu is such a slick ass

 hey i went to the holocaust museum, it was kind of sad.

 here in washington dc sitting in my bro's apartment about to go to bed. tomorrow morning i'll probably go see the holocaust museum, so that'll probably be pretty intense. i'm so glad to be out of schaumburg!!!!!!!! it's really refreshing to be in a completely new place. I agree with you court, let's move to california. audrey, if i get the chance i might give you a call sometime during the week, but i'm sure you'll be busy hanging out with carter and the gang. sorry i couldn't hang out with today before i left but i woke up at 2 so i really didn't have much sitting around time after i was done packing. spring break wooohoo!

 well whats there to say? i dont like school. at all. its just so boring. i think im going to go to bed now and i hope i dream cool dreams and never wake up. ehhhhhhhhhhh. i hate this.

 boo

 i dont have anything to wear to school tomorrow. this sucks.

 im sitting here listening to the used. same song over and over. i dont know why. i also dont know why im posting. noone reads this. well i guess all the more reason to post. i want a cky shirt. that would be saaaaaaaawwweeeet. oh man bam margera you are so hot. i love you.

 ooooooo romantic!

 court and bam oo oo!

 okaty im writing in this gay ass blog becuase keiko practically held a gun to my head. oh wait no she didnt. i just dont have a life. i get so confused!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'M MISS WORLD. SOMEBODY KILL ME.

 someone else better start writing in here along with me otherwise there'll be hell to pay

 well i decided to write for someone very special to me- this one's for you Sarah! Today was pretty shitty but to the fault of nobody inparticular. my relay for life team is getting shittier and shittier because no one is able to join my team for one reason or another...so if you're reading this and you're not already on audrey's team (of course these people don't exist) then feel free to join hi my name is dan. I'll throw in a little happy dance just for kicks. Sorry i missed the last episode of Dawson's Creek, but I was do busy being "wind" for dance...all of you who are coming will have the pleasure of saying "what the fuck?????" when you actually see the dance. You'll also be able to watch me act like the mother from Mary Poppins and be a chimney sweep, oh the fun you'll have if i let anyone come. I also learned today that there is no such thing as the perfect relationship. It's not your fault Steve if you're reading this. It was just kind of a let down because all the relationships that I thought would last forever are slowly dying off. I find that extremely sad and disheartening but what can you do really? I hope I find someone someday that I will want to see everyday for the rest of my life and vice versa, or maybe I already have. The main thing I've found out is that every high school relationship is essentially exactly the same, no matter the situation. One last thing before I sleep and finishing making the DAMN hats (or to quote Audrey "i'll see you in hell!!!!"), I just want to thank Audrey for the most meaningful letter I've ever received. I'm so glad I found it between my car seats haha. I am definitely the luckiest person alive to have you as someone who cares about me and always will. I love you.

 My diet is working so well. Maybe I wil find someone to make out with by the end of the month...wait a sec, no I won't. Oh well. Emma's staying at my house this weekend, but she's at work right now. We are having fun and all my blog friends (lol gay ass) said she was cool, so that was pretty cool. I watched Justin's band practice yesterday. He is so good, and I am so jealous. Oh well, at least I'm good at...um...oh yeah that's right, I'm not good at anything.

 hey audrey you remember the time we were talking about...stuff...and i said something extremely loud and then your dad walked by and laughed to himself...good times

 i really wished i could've egged the queen bitch's house yesterday...I missed out on some true joy.

 I sat watching a flower As it was withering I was embarrassed by its honesty So I'd prefer to be remembered as a smiling face Not this fucking wreck That's taken its place

 the inability to rationalize and think practically has taken advantage of me yet again.

 i guess i'm moving faster now or that's what they said and though some days still take forever i can't disagree because it seems to me that i wake up and sleep look in the mirror have no idea what happened in between

 tonight was really fun. well to me.

 i hate tonight. i love steve.

 well today was an alright day at school. at least it was a half day. i hope today will be fun. this post has no point. bye.

 jungle book! what an amazing disney movie. wow!

 Charlie- thank you for being so great. you mean everything to me.

 Tom: "You know, I...I need a more colorful bowling name. What about 'Hot Pins?'" Louis: "Hot Pins? Tom, you pitch that for every sport we ever play!" -From the infamous, "Raiders of the Lost Sausage"-

 So today was my last game, sweet relief. My goal is go to sleep by 11 at the latest. I will recover from this. You can't bring bme down forever.

 Starting my diet tomorrow. Wish me luck.

 i have eaten too much today. i am disgusted with myself.

 oh ehren megheheysjdljg;dl;sfjksa;

 i want to be the parking meter fairy! that would be awesome! i could do it when we go to chicago on saturday

 bee doodle da

 i have guitar soon.

 looks like God has joined the blog. thats fantastic. Welcome God. i guess i'm just THAT popular.

 Theres a reason i flip off every fucking church i see. theres a reason i'm subscribed to cosmopolitan.

 Lurid scent of smoke and soot. Does your bullet fly like your feather shoots?

 So the day after Matt broke up with me my sister gave me a piece of advice. "It's better to have loved and lost than to be stuck with a jerk." Good call Jac, good call.

 my underwear are big and yellow. they are annoying and i dont even bother pulling up my pants anymore.

 IT'S OVER NOW I'M COLD ALONE I'M JUST A PERSON ON MY OWN NOTHING MEANS A THING TO ME NO, NOTHING MEANS A THING TO ME

 "Oh noose tied myself in, tied myself too tight Talking shit about a pretty sunset Blanketing opinions that i'll probably reget soon I've changed my mind so much I cant even trust it My mind changed me so much I cant even trust myself" -modest mouse

 so today that friend of bernadettes who looks like avril yelled at me when i was going to lunch with keiko. i said "MAN CHECK OUT MY HAIR TODAY! I AM A PUNK ROCK!!!!!!" and she exclaimed "WHAT?!" in a tone that i could only understand to mean "you;'re not punk rock you stupid bitch. Only me ONLY ME! me and my avril! only me and my hot topic! only me and all this material that means so much to me! only me!" so naturally i walked away and laughed at how pathetic the world is.

 leave me alone to my devices and i'll probably end up stabbing myself in the heart, or cutting the color of your eyes out with a knife.

 sippin on gin and juice

 i hate when you have friends, but then you don't anymore. i think i have to say allyson schultz is amazing. im determinded to hang out with her sometime this weekend. because there was this while when we didnt really hang out. but so im thinking now is the appropriate time to get that back.

 i like when i catch even stevens at 5:30 because then i dont feel pressured to watch it and flip channels at 10 during jackass. yes my name is courtney. yes tv controls my life.

 Today I realized that me and Courtney have so much fun together, and yet all we ever talk about is Jackass, Even Stevens, and Carmel Sutra.

 "...and i might, and you might. but neither of us do though... and neither of us will..."

 audrey is the most violent love maker ive ever been with.

 i love keiko. i dont think shell ever know how much i love her. i cant describe how i feel when i see her. she has an amazing body. i wish she would just accept it. im so glad i met audrey and became friends. she means a lot to me. i think she has a problem with me saying that i love her. charlie, i have a dream, that one day, you and i will become friends. i have a dream today!

 i want a bigger one

 im akin for clay!!

 I need to move on with my life.

 Softball is over tomorrow. I can see the light at the end of the tunnel.

 Today i was gang raped by two mysterious characters, i think i need to go on a talk show and get lots of pity gifts.

 i fake it so real i am beyond fake.

 I always think to myself "hey audrey, how come its so easy to get over you? and yet so difficult for you to move on?" and then i think. i usually conclude something like I'm lonely and awkward and desperate for love!!! haha oh chandler. okay so im not feeling so great right now. i kind of hate life. ive been thinking... what if you find your lobster, but youre not his lobster? what then? i just can't stop thinking about it lately. and right now im in the mood to list every single memory. starting with eating your sandwhich in 7th grade. but i'm not going to. it would be pathetic how much i remember. BUT i just remembered that tonight i heard faith hill- just breath at the chiropractor and i thought of this one time in his house when we were listening to his moms faith hill cd for no reason at all. lol. but it was funny. oh man and then the time............ no. stop there audrey.

 so i finally exposed my green monster today for no real reason. i know i'm wrong and have nothing to worry about, but i can't help it. and for some reason i just don't feel like sleeping tonight, so i'll probably just end up scaring the shit out of me reading amityville horror and listening to fischerspooner. who's up for an ap euro packet bonfire at the end of the year??????

 cast the pearls aside, of a simple life of need come into my life forever the crumbled cities stand as known of the sights you have been shown of the hurt you call your own LOVE IS SUICIDE the empty bodies stand at rest casualties of their own flesh afflicted by their dispossession but no bodies ever knew no bodies felt like you LOVE IS SUICIDE now we drive the night, to the ironies of peace you can't help deny forever the tragedies reside in you the secret sights hide in you the lonely nights divide you in two all my blisters now revealed in the darkness of my dreams in the spaces in between us no bodies felt like you LOVE IS SUICIDE

 i love the snake river bmx.

 hi im bam margera and this is sweaty fat fucks.

 noone ever said to do it again at all. hahahhahha

 Hi im ryan dunn and this is snake river bmx

 hahaahhhahahha i had one more to day but i forgot hopefully i wont remember. im done for now.

 its gonna happen soon, i predict within the next four minutes.

 he'll mow right into it and hopefully he'll get real real hurt.

 fuck you, orchestra concert, you're fucking up all my plans!!!! actually i'd probably just be hanging out at audrey's eating all day, but still, now i have to play lords of the rings and hoedown. joy. i figure i'll just bitch about it. i'd quote some jackass or ckny if i was cool enough to know any.

 Hi I'm Ryan Dunn and I'm about to get my ass kicked by a girl.

 the first team is bam and ryan, their team name, the bananas. the second team, knoxville and wee man, their team name, havent decided yet. the last team dave and ehren, their team name, the orange shirts. dave forgot his.

 dunn do it for fucks sake. quit being a pussy. he lives a block away from me. a block. you live in another township. he could walk to my house and kill me.

 Stop eating cookie cake fatty.

 hey me too. lol. i dont think im ever going to come off the antidepressants.

 i find it kinda funny, i find it kinda sad that the dreams in which i'm dying are the best i've ever had

 i think the first thing i'm going to do when school gets out is make snow angels in the grass. ah i'm bleeding!

 hey missy! i nursed this blog back to health and now i think i have a right to claim a little. and welcome sarah!!!!

 So I am finally in the blog. I feel honored. So I'm blogging right now to avoid the homwork that is hanging over my head right now. I haven't really been able to do homework/sleep for the past week and a half. It sucks a lot of ass. But on a happier note, the new Deftones album comes out tomorrow. Hopefully there will be a lot of screaming on this album because I have been very angry lately. I watched the season finale of Everwood tonight and cried a lot. It was good. Tomorrow is the series finale of Buffy. I'm even more of a TV nerd now that I am single. Today I came to the realization that everyone is breaking up. I was really the one that started this depressing trend, so good job Sarah! Speaking of getting broken up with recently, the timing could not have been worse. Perhaps this was the thought process: "Hmmmm...Sarah is just getting off the antidepressants she's been on for two years, I know! I will break up with her today! Brilliant!" This sucks. I totally need to move on from this breakup from hell. Oh well, looks like another sleepless night for me. Peace.

 How does audrey feel right now? "I felt you long after we were through We were through The plans I make still have you in them 'Cause you come swimming into view And I'm hanging on your words like I always used to do, The words we use so lightly, I only feel for you I only know because I carry you around In the background." -third eye blind

 I think everyone should be told they are loved, often, and by those who mean it.

 yeah its new mother fucker. i did all this shit. can ya dig?

 you dont need to tell me how cool i am when i swear. i already know.

 woah... its all new and shit.

 today was fun. i am way to hot for my own good. or is it hott? hmm either way im all that and a bag of chips! lmao ohhhhhhhh audrey you think you are wayyyyyyy too funny. so this is just like the blog that keiko has claimed as her own. so im going to change the title i think because it doesnt really fit her. even though me and court write in this and make fun of it. i think keiko really just wants her own lol

 Well i dont believe in filler baby if i did id sit this out. This is a lesson in procrastination. i kill myself because im so frustrated and every stupid melody and every stupid song is another something somethign gotta race the clock yyyyyyyyyyyes brand new yahhhh! its almost 11 seinfeld is almost on.

 so today was fun eventhough i got jack-shit (hyphen necessary?) done on my incredible gifted project. oh man will it suck beyond compare, maybe if i act really white and make it seem like i knew nothing about origami before this, more people will be impressed. i'll just say that the girl who make all the cranes was name ching-chong, that'll go over big. trying on dresses was fun tonight, but i think i should just give all of them to audrey cause she looked so damn hot...to be quite honest i wanted her. then steve made us all feel like we were pretty, he's so good at that. hopefully next weekend the gang will go downtown and actually do something cool without getting shot. oh man i can definitely see steve pissing off some huge homeless guys with rabies and getting us all killed. maybe i'll bring my mace cans...........yes

 I'm so glad there is such a strong support for this blog. it really makes me feel like if i write all my feelings in this thing that i will somehow make a difference. fuck it...ANARCHY IN THE UK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 this blog is lame. it should be removed from all eternity. whatever that means. someone give me a job.

 so what do you say, your coffin or mine?

 I woke up this morning and decided that i was dead and the afterlife is a torture of daily routine without recognition. now all i can do is think.

 Last night it came clear to me that I will always be a headcase.

 you make me come. you make me complete. you make me completely miserable. dont even try to turn it around now. i dont care enough to stay up crying and fight over it. ive been going over it and over it and i still cant figure out a why let alone a solution. my hair is flat and so are you.

 so the best way to patch things up right now is to bring in the 4th party. no, my mistake, the 5th. double A B C and R. bring in the 5th party and fuck her. the quickest relief as of now. go out and fuck. or order in. whichever.

 fuck you. just fuck you. shut the fuck up. no one gives a shit. no one at all. its all shit. its all so dumb. i listened in 6th grade. i know the stories. i just dont care. i dont care anymore.

 "You seem very well, things look peaceful I'm not quite as well, I thought you should know Did you forget about me Mr. Duplicity I hate to bug you in the middle of dinner It was a slap in the face how quickly I was replaced And are you thinking of me when you fuck her" "Cause the joke that you laid in the bed that was me And i'm not gonna fade As soon as you close your eyes and you know it And everytime I scratch my nails down someone else's back I hope you feel it ..."

 im frustrated by your apathy. your act only works on an audience.

 its total ass shit. just seeing you makes me want to blow your head right the fuck off. you have an erection. you are rubbing it. your shirt reads FAG in bold capitilaized letters. ive got a sharp 10 foot pole stuck neatly through your cranium. you still show off your sharp teeth like your jaw is something to be proud of. like your arms are something to be proud of. like your hair is something to be proud of. like your fucking face is something to be proud of. when ive let it out, your face will be something that I'm proud of. krista hears the only organ between all humans made for sexual pleasure when i speak his name. apparently i leave out number 14.

 I've never felt alone Till I met you I'm alright on my own Till I met you And I'd know what to do if I just knew what's coming I would change myself if I could I'd walk with my own people if I could find them, I've lost my self there's nothing left, it's all gone Deep inside of you...

 well. just got home a little while ago from school. noone else is home yet. boring. one more week. this post is pointless. i think im going to go read or something.

 I think I will be happy this summer. It should be interesting. Now all I need is a job.

 the trail of my blood leads directly to you, i want to thank you for slitting my wrists, you saved me the trouble of doing it myself. just when i was begining to think i didnt want to die, you took away the option of living. so just FUCK OFF its too late for apologies. that stupid smile on your face lets me know you dont even care. im digging a hole that was initially a grave for myself but i decided to dig it for you. ill bury you alive and listen to you cry and listen to you tell me your sorry. and ill cover you with dirt because its about time people pay the price for fucking up my life.

 I have found some kind of temporary sanity in this...

 J'ai le cafard, je t'en prie viens voir ce que ton amour repr sente pour moi.

 hey. im at audreys house again. road trip is on. what a great film of our time. one of the best quotes from it-"this is supposed to be a road trip, all were doing is driving." i probably missed that part. damn.

 i couldnt bring myself to let her read. maybe she already did.

 i hate the mall. i hate marshalls. why did i apply? oh because im desperate for money. i am excited to eat this zippys.

 its funny how fast you got over all that shit. now its like you dont even care. thats not surprising. at all.

 I'm sitting next to sarah in ap euro and we are looking up useless information for our lame ass presentation of spain. all the other groups are very specific in their presentations but we are just doing spain in general. haha right now im looking up traditional costumes. carter has a presentation today about the reign of terror. hope all is going well over there at HEHS haha. oh man im lame. lamest thing of the day no doubt. this morning i listened to god of wine while i was getting dressed and now its stuck in my head "you let me down i said it and now im falling down and youre not even around." tomorrow is the in school expo and i still have no trifold. today i have an interview at marshalls and guitar at 6 sometime in between there i have to do a trifold. booooooo. sarah is complaining about not having a job and wanting to work at empire records. time to fix this style up on the blog...

 I'm in AP Euro right now. Audrey is sitting next to me and calling me a rebel. What can I say? I'm pretty bad ass. Why do I have so many projects?!?!?!?!?! I need to stop listening to Atreyu so much because it makes me wish I was dead. I don't care.

 ...yes...BANZAI!!

 walking down a serene and quiet street i see the headlights of a truck. completely incoherent, i had no grasp of the monumental event about to take place. as i watch you walk out into the street my subtle and subconscious confusion turns to a mild fear in the back of my mind. with a dazed and contented look i watch your death instantly upon impact.without much thought, i instinctively pick up the pieces of your fragmented body. amidst the bloody mess of apendages, i find your once beating heart. it was black and hollow, and i was not surprised. the mess you made will stain that street for ever and the blood that covered me will never completely wash off.

 i hide in the closet gun rack and choose my cross to satisfy my religion. i hold it up in front of me to stop this vampire of security from sucking whatever pride and confidence in myself i can muster. instead, i put his head right in the center of my cross and pull the trigger. oh sweet steel you have shown me the glorious flash of your wonderful light and it has put his moronic opinions red in envy and sprayed on the wall. dont you fucking even think of touching me.

 they are convinced the moisture can enhance the procedure of premature ejaculation. like aquatic asphyxiation theyll never know what it feels like for they have chosen the path of the broken spine.

 "Fuck it. I'm fucked up let's do this shit. Every person in here is dead, for no good reason, right fucking now." -"Kill Theme for American Apeshit" by Agoraphobic Nosebleed.

 dead of shock before he is finished sliding down the street, decapitated and cracked open in a fury of carnage and revolting blood spray. the sounds were tantamount to a block of spam in a blender. was this scenario much more than just that? itll take a hell of a stitch job to make this funeral a glorious one.

 caressed by the inside ive a flower in my belly.....no rather a feather......no rather the disemboweled goose it tickles my inanimacy with a paper weight and a corkscrew. if i dig 6 more feet id be farther along than my own cortex can stir. i lept into a vortex and watched the mitosis of the dark stars against the indigo background. they have an eye in the middle that sees only impurity.....and deletes it. i became a part of a moon with a face on it. it was your face, now that i think about it. can i call it think? i found a hallucinogen that thinks for me. a narcotic moves me. amphetamines keep me in a crate. found a crowbar. prying is going to be the job of the days of the future before the mammals are asked to parade back into the restless seas to destroy the virus. i call it a slug. you call it human. it was has 5 arms. one holds a coat hanger, the next a dildo, the next the severed head of a gazelle, the next a peace sign, and the last a timer. the timer counts down the amount of time before the universe collapses back on itself. it makes me wonder if thats what will happen to the necroverse. perhaps all interuniversal entities will spend a few billion years feeding in the trenches? they will grow larger with the extra space of the realms. i wish i had the momentum i had before. i wish i had yours. i wish i had you. if its any consolation, you can stay beneath my abdominal slit for as long as it takes you to grow a second head. youll love it in there. ive a better view of the stars inside than any place in this realm. So now you hate me.

 isn't it spelled eleanor? i ate an entire watermelon in one sitting thank you very much. i will succeed in life dammit!

 I'll wear glass shoes and plastic wrap. No, I'll just wear my insides. You want to know who I really am? Yeah, so do I.

 elenor rigby is my favorite song on revolver

 who the hell is go hang? cuz your writing some pretty damn stupid stuff and really i dont think you have any clue what your saying. here let me try: i wish i could die in front of you and tell you how much you meant to me umm f uck fuck fuck i hate the world...fuck.... feel sorry for me...please! DONT YOU HAVE SOMETHING BETTER TO DO? AAAAAAAAnyways.........by the way this is charlie i dunno why elenory rigby but o well

 so this girl comes up to me and she like hey arent you that guy-and im like yeah whatever

 do you think youll survive while youre burning alive your flesh is charred your life is scarred and really all it took was for me to tell you i got a secret world incinerating in my gut. and you dare to ask if i really give a fuck. do i give a fuck? i dont give a fuck.

 im in english burnnnnnnnnnn

 shut up keiko stop bitching.

 i think it's really pathetic how i keep complaining yet i do nothing about anything. oh well.

 i bet the water is more refreshing when youre ditching!-twitty

 yeah sarah kick ass! umm im still at audreys. no surprise there. even stevens and jackass is on now. saweeeeet. i think my parents are going to be calling any minute to tell me to get my ass home because it is a school night.

 I hung out with Audrey and Courtney tonight (suprise suprise) and I just got an idea of how great the summer is gonna be. Hopefully we'll all get jobs at Marshalls together. Kick ass!

 hey. audrey sarah and vince are downstairs mosacing. im sick of it. so how are you? good. thats good. i am bleeding. from my finger. someone.

 oh man this is a nice atreyu day on the blog!

 Blow the last candle out. let the wax harden I wish I could stop crying. I wish someone still loved me Just breathe and focus. how can I when the air is so cold and empty That my lungs froze right in my chest I'll be honest the silver linings are getting harder and harder to manufacture And the smiles are so difficult to fake What do I have to do, or who do I have to kill, to get what I want. what I need Happiness is an emotion I was born to this world without, nothing pleases me. I cannot be satiated Thru this toil I will breed my own distress and destroy my best hopes, fuck up the only things I love. I WATCHED MY DREAMS DIE. I watched my aspirations crash to the ground on the backs of the angels that I've slain. But I meant so well, I tried to hard, gave every ounce of my soul, to what end. Desolation, desire, exhale, pass away.

 So tired of school...so tired of seeing you with her...you can both burn

 Besides, being a fat hot dog eating white slob sitting in front of the tube all day watching baseball is beter then being some communist weiner that cant tell ur ass from your head.....making you some indistinguishable ass-head clone. Communism and democracy both blow, but its like trail mix, and trail mix with generic M&M's. They both blow, but at least democracy has generic M&M's.

 Fuck off like you're the only person that has ever cried or been broken by love Spare me your pity party drunk off your own misfortunes Wallowing in your blissful melancholy .can you taste my blood. You knew that this would kill me. But you carried on and on with your selfish shit., everyone cared about you. Why couldn't you instead your greed compelled you to steal other silver linings... burnt down my world, you killed my hope spread out the ash and walked away how could you just close off your eyes... turn tail and run, you are the greatest coward damn right I am still pissed.. next time I see you we will see who has the upper hand

 School tomorrow, shit.

 oh court, the best part of today was the drive to your house and those wide turns. i so called it.

 why don't people know the unwritten rules until they fuck them up?

 i hate you fuck you leave me alone.

 You can now have all the things I could never give to you.

 Audrey is right. Forest Gump is such a good movie.

 sometimes there just arent enough rocks.

 i cant stand people.

 No school tomorrow. I can't wait for school being out in three weeks. I won't have to see Matt's face for the entire summer. I'm gradually getting over him though, the operative word being graually. HE WILL NOT HURT ME AGAIN!

 yeah i remember that keiko. and sarah shut up youre good at so many things. mainly being really really ridiculously good looking. oh remember that time steve fell asleep in my bed? oh that was tonight. and it was funny!! ha ha ha. tonight we saw the fireworks downtown and they sUCKED. but i bought a dozed ittty bitty flowers for allyson, and i intend to give them to her soon.

 by the way, hey keiko and sarah and audd and court and steve and anyone else, sorry i dont write a lot but i dont really have much to write about except when dumbasses write stupid things and i get mad. so ya......feel free to visit my blog at www.blogspot.kissmyasscarteryoulittleretardedasspickingfool.com lol carter shouldnt you been rtying to find a new "kick ass band" to say that you heard of first? or why not scream into a mic random words and say they have meaning. im sorry there are so many people like you, but one day you might realize who you are.....the rest of what i was gonna say has been censored by audrey

 yes audrey is here and were talking and i realized that carter, you still havent grown up. you are still the little shit that i thought i left back at dooley elementry. go ahead and use big words like you think you know what the hell your talking about and well all look at you and laugh, actually im laughing at you right now. haha carter that little prick jackass. hahahaha. ok now its your turn once again to try and hurt people and go ahead. were waiting to laugh........

 im at charlies.

 yea i get to go see beautiful allyson in her prom dress glory!!!! hurrah!

 listening to a lot of the used right now. 801 underground is their worst song i think. greener with the scenery reminds of something audrey would relate to. i love blue and yellow, but i hope they don't overplay it on the radio. i love bert mccraken's voice.

 He would stay forever just to say he saw you leave, and maybe things wouldn't be this way. He would stay forever just to say he saw you on your knees.

 i dont know what to do right now. there are pros and cons to both decisions. i want you to make the choice. choose for me. i cant do it. i hate this situation. fiiiiiiiiix it

 Dude, CarmeL Sutra is now on mp3.com. cool huh?

 Courtney, I can and I will sleep all night. The sister's graduation party is tomorrow, GAY ASS! Anyone who reads this please come and visit me, because I am required to stay there all night.

 hey. sarah what the hell are you doing? you cant sleep all night. just call. someone call.

 hey. im in physical science right now. basically a free period. i havent had homework in this class all year. sawwwweeet.i cant stand many people in this class. steve is next door in physical science too right now. thats weird to think. well to me it is.

 That I would do anything for love, And I'll be there til the final act I would do anything for love, And I'll take a vow and seal a pact But I'll never forgive myself If we don't go all the way tonight And I would do anything for love, Oh I would do anything for love Oh I would do anything for love, But I won't do that, no I won't do that

 Nothingbutnet32: nerd head sapphire42019: good insult... Nothingbutnet32: okay unproportional head Nothingbutnet32: on a nerds body sapphire42019: hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!!!! sapphire42019: it's so true! Nothingbutnet32: no its not Nothingbutnet32: ...its not that big it's confirmed...i have a head the size of a melon, a big one

 i just took a nap outside in the sun. it was sweet. thank god for no 8th period.

 by the way im in nineinchnails.net live chat. try to find me if u see this before 9.

 I just got back from my guidance counselor, which i was approaching to sign up for summer school. health and consumer ed. well, turns out both of em are filled for the first half of the summer school duration. so i gotta choose one or the other. BUT when i choose one, my counselor will check the other one at other schools......so maybe i'll get to take it at schaumburg and then one of you will be in my class. knowing my luck that wont happen. but hell, i can hope, right?

 to keiko i will all-nighters in the summer, black and white pictures, and a thousand i love yous and thank yous. to sarah i will 6th grade strip poker, Beaches, my straigtener, and enough green paper clips to convince you of all the beauty you truly do possess. to courtney i will mini golf at congo river, winter break nights, slurpees and burger king at 2 in the morning, third eye blind, and my friendship forever. to steve i will animal crackers, awkward first hang outs, polaroid film, the floral print pants, and chalk for my driveway for years to come. to charlie i will the elevator emergency button, donnie darko, pita house, and my heart forever. to carter i will my pants, permanent pink hair dye, movie marathons, my journals, text messaging, and my unconditional support and understanding for everything you do, always.

 im going to make a sophomore will. i need to think of some really good stuff.

 to audrey, i will my heart and soul along with many diet cokes which i have slowly taken from her family over the years

 keiko made a fortune for me. i like the way it sounds. i think i'll hope for that.

 i feel like i'm in a movie

 tonight. i think i found where i belong.

 this can never stop...ever. i forbid it.

 I just got back from sports awards. I realized that I have just been sitting back and watching my life go by. I wanna start living my life. How am I gonna do that?

 lets hear them.

 ive got ideas. oh man do i have ideas.

 school was lame. too much drama. its days like this that show me how much i hate high school.

 school was lame. i think my favorite shakespeare play is Much Ado About Nothing. i want to see you tonight

 i wish you could just have.

 thanks guys for coming tonight. it means so much to me. im so glad i have you all in my life. and mrs loh talking to me was the best thing that could have happened. ive never gotten emotional about a teacher like i did tonight.i miss her so.

 Gifted Expo=Night of Utter Hell. All you freshman run away as fast as you can. Except for the fact that I raised some money for Greg, the night was a complete waste. Riding back from picking Audrey's guitar was fun though, even though I couldn't laugh normally cause of my damn cold. It was mainly just a wide opening of the mouth with an attempted sound. Why do you have to be so cute? We're talking away I don't know what I'm to say I'll say it anyway Today's another day to find you Shying away I'll be coming for your love, OK? Take on me, take me on I'll be gone In a day or two So needless to say I'm odds and ends But that's me stumbling away Slowly learning that life is OK. Say after me It's no better to be safe than sorry That's right....A-ha lyrics from the 80's, I am the coolest person alive!

 okay i think i figured out the problem weve been having with the blog is that one post carter had with all those XXXXXXs. it kind of fucked up the blogs memory or something so it didnt know what to do. so this is a temporary soluytion and after a week carters post wont be up on the main page so we should be able to go back to a somewhat normal template. sorry for the problems. im working on it presently. love, your webmasterblogger audrey a big loser

 Hello memory lover You are mine I gave everything I need you And someday I'll be with him I'll be with you I will I'm so dead You're the first star You're the one who sees it all I know I'm so tired And sick

 You can die, yeah you.

 Being alone sucks. I'm searching desperately for a rebound guy, but aparently no one wants me. SHOCKER!

 Has my mind been so tainted by our culture of irony that I'm incapable of feeling any real emotion?

 im so sure. today is the day my brains shoot out of my head on their own accord.

 by the way i mant i that i didnt think that it would happen realistically. anyway, now im in 4th block orchestra. playing exams today.....no bow and no music.....ima fuck this shit up. deftones call. maybe No One. maybe limp bizkit.

 sorry missed you by half an hour.

 sorry, today i woke up at a reasonable hour.....well.....reasonably for school. anyway. im in school right now. first block freshman foundations. all i want for you to be ok with us just being friends alright? by the way, if u read this in school before 8:45..........im on nineinchnails.net in the chat room. try to find it and get in there and choose a name so that ill know its you........though realistically i know its gonna happen it would just be cool you know? ah shit youve only got 5 minutes anyway. oh well. try anyway. anyone?

 i can't sleep. i cant stop needing you to hold on to me. i tried too hard to analyze and interpret everything you said. i thought i knew what i wanted but i didnt. and right now i just need you to stay in my life. i dont care what we were/are/will be i just need you in my life. to be that person who i watch movies with all day and who i can talk to for hours and who i can just sit in silence with for hours. just because its not awkward. and to be that person whose family cares about me more than my own seems to. i hope you read this tomorrow at 615 in the morning, could you call me when you do? ill stay up all night. i desperately need to tell you that i want to be friends. its ideal .

 What are you my blood? You touch me like you are my blood What are you my dad? You affect me like you are my dad

 I am the biggest hypocrite I've been undeniably jealous I have been loud and pretentious I have been utterly threatened

 i don't blame you for the way i feel. i never did. im sorry you thought thats what it meant.

 I CAN BE JEALOUS IF I WANT TO BECAUSE THEYRE MY FEELINGS AND YOU CAN'T FORCE ME NOT TO FEEL A CERTAIN WAY AND I CAN'T BELIEVE IT. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

 titanium like a turle i have a shell like a daddy long legs i have one limb. im just so strong. ive got no faults right? ive got no feelings. ive got no compassion. maybe i just never filled you in. maybe i just never told you why that metal was molded. like i give a shit. when i lost feeling way back then, it shows through every once in a while. its rare. because of its scarcity its always taken as a lead, like a joke like i dont care like i fucked someone over. im sick of being blamed for it. try sitting alone. try getting hit in the face. try crying because youre afraid. try crying because youre pathetic. try living by hiding your own insecurities than making fun of them yourself. try bottling it up. and i know im just gonna hear of it all. every last one done before me on the checklist. i dont care. i already heard it. but thats not the question right now. the question is have you? theres no way to put my feelings down. theres no way to clearly understand. why do i care anymore? why do i try?

 driving home in the dark is probably the most lonely throught provoking experience anyone can have. i think if theres one thing im good at its putting myself in a position for rejection, even when theres nothing to rejected from. i'm just that good. when it comes down to it, there are too many things. what i want no longer matters. it never did. i feel lost again and i don't know what i should be doing to make myself feel more 'found' maybe ill try fucking around. if thats what it takes. idont understand you or what you want at all. jealousy shouldnt not exist in our platonic relationship. but it does. so what does that say? what do you want? im tired of talking in these circles that get us no where. these long silences are nothing but time for me to reflect on how wrong i went again. don't fuck around. maybe you shouldn't. maybe the next time i see you ill bring a small knife and carve my way into your heart, each cut that goes deeper would represent every time ive felt fucked over and completely overlooked in the last 4 months. every vein struck would give more reason to dig further still. and when i am finished ill give you a mirror and show you what ive done, so you can see what i feel like only bloodier with make-shift stitching in attempts to heal reopened wounds. what i want is something ill never have. i had learned to accept it up until tonight. but now that i feel dead inside i understand that no matter what i do, no one will ever want the same thing as me. maybe ill only be understood once im dead. maybe then we will want the same thing. maybe ill go fuck around right now. maybe ill drown myself in a baby pool filled with terms of endearment that were really just lies.

 i love miss world, thank you sarah for exposing me to some quality hole.

 My parents can go suck a fuck for all i care, i'm sick of all their shit. Harsh? maybe. Necessary? definitely.

 We chase misprinted lies We face the path of time And yet I fight This battle all alone No one to cry to No place to call home My gift of self is raped My privacy is raked And yet I find Repeating in my head If I can't be my own I'd feel better dead

 I need to find a guy.

 i have been reading all the archives from the past 5 months. its pretty funny. and thats all. if im not back in 5 minutes..... just wait longer.

 I was afraid of your seduction. I was afraid of your coercion. I was afraid of your rejection. I was afraid of your intimidation. I was afraid of your punishment. I was afraid of your icy silences. I was afraid of your volume. I was afraid of your manipulation. I was afraid of your explosions.

 I woke up and decided today is for vengeance.

 I'll give you countless amounts of outright acceptance if you want it. I will give you encouragment to choose the path you want if you need it. You can speak of anger and doubts, your fears and freak-outs and I'll hold it. You can share your so-called "shamefilled" accounts of times in your life and I won't judge it. And there are no strings attached to it.

 that sounds funny.

 this has been the weirdest day. that kiss definitely deserves a spot on the top 5 best kisses of all time. (steve and carter) right now i am just going to write my essay because i am in the weirdest mood.

 HAHAHAHA. Steve just kissed Carter! That will be remembered for quite some time.

 I never seem to care at the fork in the road but regret always knows which way i turned and its legs are much longer than mine. it was TAB. now TAABCR. i made BEAD. theres no one to Go Hang out with right now. i'm afraid to call her because i don't know what i'll say. she is not home. she wants nothing to do with me. she cannot admit her feelings. she can not come over because i am not alone. what makes you think that its all the same girl?

 ...and when i realized that there was no scent i could picture myself at 2:30 that morning.....as it is now.....wishing so much that i was the one next to you telling you to shut the fuck up. its time for evil dead. i think ill go hang.

 things im doing tomorrow. 1) sleeping a lot 2) buying movie poster frames 3) going to some other stores 4) get a slurpee if you would like to accompany me, that would be cool.

 Don't say that she's pretty And did you say that she loved you Baby I don't want to know So I begin not to love you Turn 'round, see me running I say I loved you years ago But tell myself you never loved me no And don't say that she's pretty And did you say that she loved you Baby I don't want to know Oh no And can you tell me was it worth it Baby I don't want to know I follow you down 'till the sound Of my voice will haunt you Give me just a chance You'll never get away from the sound Of the woman who loves you Was I just a fool?

 Feel the fear I feel You scarred me for life

 Self centered and wanting to be told it was all her. Well maybe what you thought was different. Maybe you switched the lines somewhere. Maybe you dont understand right. That maybe I was mad. That maybe the contrast was meant to kill her. Instead of a cripple, you are now so far away. Do you understand yet? She doesn't want to hear it.

 I can't live, with or without you...

 So honestly, how could you say those things when you know they don't mean anything . and you know very well that I can't keep my hands to myself. ... I didn't want it to mean that much to me ...

 sinatra's singing summer wind, and im thinking of the night we met.

 so annoyed right now.....but not at you steve

 everyone just needs to fuck off and stop bothering me

 summer.

 I hate the fact that I don't hate you, not even close, not even a little bit, not even at all.

 today keiko taught me to learn how to drive stick and we saw kevin bradley and so he came with and then keiko got mad so she drove and then we dressed up nicely and went otu to dinner and then went to streets and loitered and then came home and watched part of joyride

 Oh yeah life goes on long after the thrill of living is gone.

 So it's weird cuz im not hungry anymore... dude today i had 2 finals then home shower straight to one job left that joba t 4:50 and got to job #2 at 5 until 10:30... then i partied at zoellicks tonight for a lil bit... I got the sweetest card today and i cant wait to go and thank the person tomororw... it jsut been a long day and its just the start to a long summer... Why ME?

 For months I have been looking forward to school getting out. Now that it has I realize that summer is not going to change the fact that I'm alone.

 auDrey should just start with a D because thats the only grade i seem to get.

 well i wont be there. im walkin to school.

 So I started mynew job and this women i work with has a son that is a junior at hersey adn she showed me his football pic and another pic and he is so sexy and we're goin gon a blind date maybe lol so funny... i should have been studying tongiht but insread i just hung out and did stuff for work... court im pickin u up in th emorning on friday ok? well im out cya

 plans for weekend: friday-hopefully go to do it all sports arena with kevin, audrey, sarah, ryan, and pretty much whoever wants to come, saturday-traffic school, violin recital shoot me now, then i think hanging out with matt and audrey, sunday-i'll throw caution to the wind and do whatever i please! i know you all care.....so much.

 just got back from going out for ice cream with some dance friends, and sitting outside with my expresso and cream sundae was a wonderful taste of what summer has to bring. this better be a good summer, i think it will be, goddammit i'll make it one!

 Will i ever be enough?

 dyed carter's hair tonight. it looks pretty fucking cool if i do say so myself. i got dye on RBF though and at one point carter wanted me to take off one of my latex gloves so he could do it. i thought it was funny. and then he got blue dye on his ears. and that was funnier. i ended up staying till 10. that makes me feel rreally cool because everyone else has to leave at 9 but i get like this half an hour extention and tonight it was longer than that. i love every schultz in thathouse. they are definitely my favorite family.

 one more day of school. yeahhh. then im on to air conditioning filled days of summer school and marshalls. i cannot wait. actually anything is better than school. anything. sick of my venting about school? yeah me too.

 i think the only exciting thing that happened today was when we got to school i realized i didnt have my chemistry book and i couldnt take the final without it so steve threw the keys at me and i took his car home to get it and made it back to school with literally seconds to spare.

 Only one more day of school. Woohoo!

 i feel like someone has to fight me on everything i say.

 please. oh please. tell me that my dick is fucking long enough.

 please. oh please. tell me my body turns you on.

 please. oh please. tell me my breasts are perfect.

 It only hurts when i breathe.

 the more you suffer, the more it shows you really care. right? yeahhhhhhhhhh

 well i know im being used, but thats okay man cuz i like the abuse.

 little wee wee steve

 little wee

 two finals tomorrow. first and last. going out to lunch inbetween so i need to get my study on sometime today. haa. chem is a definite D and english an A so. what are ya gonna do?

 how do i get back there to the place where i fell asleep inside you?

 yeah... i'm getting a new roof. explanation for the mexicans on top of my house.

 The day couldnt have taken a more unexpected turn for the better. 4th block was looking like a boring hour and a half. nothing but sitting and listening to cD's. who else walks in the door but Chermie. i remember her saying she would stop by......to turn something in? i dont remember. point is, somehow i end up leaving with steve and brian and chermie. we go out to her car and we just leave. it was so cool. and then we drove. we took steve to mary's. we took brian home. me and chermie.......we took a drive. picked up a schaumburg senior friend of hers, brandon. got a ciling fan from the lawn of a house we saw. went by cebo's to put it in his lawn....decided it wouldnt work out. decided to leave it at audreys....however there were lots of mexicans standing on her house so that didnt happen. ended up putting it in victoria park after going to many other peopls houses to try to put it on their lawns. none worked. however.........just such a fucking awesome day.

 hey just got back from finals. trays over. we dont know what to do with ourselves. it is so weird to be hanging out at this time.

 i nt

 I am so mad right now! Ricky is such an asshole... I found out that he did more stuff with other people... He played me long and hard I honestly hate him... Why would he do that to me... I wish I never went out with such an asshole but oh well Im already getting hit on by sexy guys and asked on dates... so forget him and i want to forget how he hurt me... I hate him! well goodnight lmao cya

 i dont have to get up for school tomorrow till 8. that is prettty saweet. my ears hurt and i hope tom green show is on tonight. im looking at stuff about serial killers and ghosts. im a sucker for all that phenomenon shit. you are so cool.

 Understanding now where it came from well thanks for all the secret knowledge. now i can dwell on it. oh the things i hate about myself. she told me its the action. ocean current right? wether youre in a yacht or a tanker. i dont give a fuck. this is society. i feel like shit anyway. fuck you all. fuck you all.

 I'm in CAD right now and me and Zinn are taking a quiz to see which Homestarrunner character we are. We are big nerds. I am Marzipan by the way.

 eh who am i kidding? i NEED money and i NEED this job.

 i just want this day to end. i dont want to go to orientation today. i dont want a job. i want to stay lazy forever. i dont need money. its overrated.

 hey. its lunch and me and tray and audrey went up to the computer lab. i am scared i am going to get caught because i dont have my ID so im just using audreys. so i started typing this pathetic excuse for an essay. here it is. The rise of the western civilization has impacted our society to the greater advantage. We need change because we are stronger and we need the power to fufill the duties of all the surronding civilizations and their advancements. The rise of the eastern civilization influenced the northern. Thanks to tray for that last line. hahahahhahah so funnnny.

 B.W.W.S. i would like to make an anouncement. steve no longer wants to be called steve, but Big Wee. so next time you see him please honor his requests by addressing him as Big Wee or if you want to go with the full name, Big Wee Wee Steve. keiko inspired the name.

 at this point in time. music and essays seem like the only logical things to do tonight. if i wasnt such a fucking procrastinator i would be done with BOTH by now. all my cds are in the car. i watched maid in manhattan today with keiko. it wasnt as good as i had expected but there were those momentary "awww" scenes, you know what i mean. still havent started the papers. fuck.

 I got a 67% on my chemistry test and successfully brought my grade down from a 89% to a 81%. I RULE! haha i just dont care though because its like well. something was BOUND to prevent me from getting that A-. boooooooooo HISS. dinner awaits.

 "Nothing gold can stay"

 There are four more days of school left. I can't take it anymore. I can't take seeing them together. I'm not creative enough like Carter to come up with some creative literary devices, so I will be a little more candor about my feelings. Today I got a 97% on my chemistry test. You can imagine my excitement, because I have successfully brought my grade up from the C at the beginning of the quarter to an A-. It was really a natural high. Unfortunately, I leave my chemistry class and turn to the right. What? What's that, they're together again? Typical. My day has just been broght down to par once again. But I guess par is better than the days I've usually been having this month. Every time I even look at Matt I can literally feel sharp pain in my heart. I don't know if I will ever recover from this.

 at one point being young and confused with new hormones i took the small razor i kept in the santa marker and held it to my wrist for 3 hours. having developed pubic hair and pride, i now hold that razor to everyone else's wrist. there are 2 kinds of fucked up people in the world. the sad ones, who kill themselves, and the mad ones, who kill everyone else. once you know a fucked up person, it is easy to put them into the correct category. youll see. some of them are stupid. those ones are usually sad. some of them are suckers. those are the sad ones. occasionally you get the intelligent one that is sad. those who have no confidence. the ones with confidence are mad. line the bathtub with silk for it is my coffin. line the hallways with blood for it is their crypt. you fucking suckers. you FUCKING suckers. one sucker. you sucker. you absolute sucker.

 sixth grade romance sparked in my heart and hasnt let go of me since. like jack and rose we held on through celine dion as the lights above the roller rink shown down on us. i remember like yesterday, i saw my future and soul in his eyes. a year later the feeling was no longer mutual, and in spanish, i dreamed of my Raul someday feeling the way he had in the past. i longed to be in discovery so i could be by his side through our junior high years of turbulance. i poured my heart to him only to be crushed. so like any 12 year old, i moved on, but the wounds stayed and will forever stay until we can be together. seeing him in the halls and driving past his house is like pouring salt into my deep grief-stricken laceration. forever you will stay in the caverns of my untamed heart.

 petty retaliation and she tells me that my role in the world is more than platonic. i'm sure she meant hers. she of the forgotten and the regrets. she's not coming back. she is nocturnal and she is beautiful and she is sombre and she is 18. she is shorter than i am. she owns leather pants. she can not get off without clitoral stimulation. green day alanis morisette KoRn limp bizkit tool rage against the machine snake river conspiracy AFI pegboy pennywise evil beaver rise against shadows fall nine inch nails monster magnet marilyn manson orgy rammstein fear factory deftones blind melon nirvana smashing pumpkins mudhoney mushroomhead the living end pig destroyer agoraphobic nosebleed mastodon cephalic carnage foo fighters filter dead kennedys sex pistols the clash tribaltech cannibal corpse mr. bungle incubus primus stone temple pilots chevelle mudvayne slipknot static X snot pearl jam operation ivy sublime offspring tiger army boy hits car sugar ray chemical brothers fat boy slim helmet silverchair kittie jane's addiction alice in chains otep dredg opeth cinema beer nuts neurosis goldfinger reel big fish slayer pantera nickelback soundgarden superjoint ritual oysterhead phish harvey danger beck dandy warhols presidents of the united states of america hive him cky reverend horton heat death by stereo evil beaver supergrass the beatles the tossers radiohead blur aphex twin apex theory shadowy men on a shadowy planet the cult shadows fall avenged sevenfold a perfect circle U2 grinspoon unsane no one powerman 5000 eminem black sheep NWA insane clown posse faith no more detroit grand pubahs sevendust bob dylan flaw naked raygun porno for pyros suicidal tendencies system of a down 311 queens of the stone age body count pharcyde the ventures. no time for more. no time for anything. shes not coming back is she?

 I express myself through the ways i feel necesary. I know fucking damn right what i mean. i know exactly what i'm talking about. dont be a fucking dick just cuz ur jealous becuz you dont.

 I am so tired of sympathy. I just don't care anymore.

 oh by the way charlie. "your" means possesive. like "your cunt" means you have that cunt. "you're" is a contraction of the words "you" and "are".

 You told me that the daylight burns you and that the sunrise was enough to kill you I said maybe you're a vampire You said it's quite possible I feel truly dead inside.

 i hate everyone.

 what a night. what a night. what a fun night.

 My, my what a mess we've made of our pretty little heads these days. It appears a heavy wind's blown through here recently. Best wishes have been made for you, you never had no say it's true. You have to be the cutest gravedigger I've ever seen. And all your lonely nights in the city of lights are much like all these crowded bars I so often find my stupid self stumbling through. My, my what a mess was made of my head when I heard what you'd been through that day It appears a violent storm's passed through you recently. Letters meant to be sent have been torn. The phone lies off the hook, on the floor. All these "I'm sorry"s and "I miss you"s are useless, I fucked this one up long ago. And all your lonely nights in the city of lights are much like all these crowded bars I so often find my stupid self stumbling through. Fuck you Aurora, You took my only friend. And although it's all my fault, the blaming myself had to come to an end so I say: Fuck you Aurora, You took my only friend. You wont catch me behind the wheel of a Chrysler ever again. My, my what a mess we've made of our precious little lives these days. It appears a big fucking tornado has twisted us up recently. Best wishes have been made for you, you never had no say it's true. You have to be the cutest gravedigger I've ever seen. And all your lonely nights in the city of lights are much like all these crowded bars I so often find my stupid self stumbling through. Fuck you Aurora, You took my only friend. And although it's all my fault, the blaming myself had to come to an end so I say: Fuck you Aurora, You took my only friend. You won't catch me behind the wheel of a Chrysler ever again.

 chaos

 i meant to take this one down.

 know who i am talking to. my titties.

 In it's crippling brevity. tell her that it meant something to me.

 Being so far from brevity it all meant next to nothing to me.

 Oh wait, nevermind. What a dick I am. I didn't see it before but now i do. I'm the biggest dick in the world. I'm so dumb and immature and i have no idea what I'm talking about and everything I do is just the biggest mistakes ever. Actually, I'm a mistake myself. I'm just a total worthless accident. No seriously, someone slit my throat. no. SERIOUSLY. someone just slit my throat. Fucking assholes.

 I'll hurt as many motherfuckin people as i feel is necesary. Fuck you. You don't know me. You just don't know me. So I'm an immature asshole? Fine by me. I fucking knew that. I don't know what I'm talking about? Maybe its just you don't. Thats the point.

 My head feels weak and suddenly. Its clear to see, its not them, but me whos lost my self-identity. And I hide behind these books I read, while scribbling my poetry. Like art could save a wretch like me, with some ideal ideology that no one could hope to achieve. And I'm never real, it's just a sketch of me

 There's a fire forming Not too far from here Out on the east coast maybe It resides in you my dear We're worn out on all courtesy We've made our curtain calls

 "At the risk of sounding trite Just why the fuck do you think you're right About every little thing that you say?"

 My mind wanders as I'm trying not to fall in love with you Cause everytime I awake I ponder on my mistakes of What I said, it is always my esteem that I sure lose Playing those stupid games as I always end up chasing you I can't help myself anymore Rehearsing my thoughts as I'm too scared to come to your door I pushed it all aside just to stand next to you But now you won't talk to me for something that i didn't do It's not gonna work And i'm trying not to think of you I'm all confused as I think of the things that I would do I'm all shook up as I get all nervous inside My emotions are something that I will always hide my ways Thats right, blink 182- 21 days.

 "Freeze this moment a little bit longer Make each sensation a little bit stronger Make each impression a little bit stronger Freeze this motion a little bit longer The innocence slips away The innocence slips away... Summer's going fast, nights growing colder Children growing up, old friends growing older Freeze this moment a little bit longer Make each sensation a little bit stronger Experience slips away Experience slips away... The innocence slips away."

 "Yeah You cried every night we've been apart Youve broken your promise and broken my heart Oh yeah You were my second sun....for a while.... Now you're handing me harsh reality I'm standing still You're flying away from me Staring at the sun Flying away from me Staring at the sun Flying away from me Staring at the sun Flying away from me Staring at the sun Flying away from me Staring at the sun Flying away from me Staring at the sun Flying away from me staring at the sun Flying away from me Staring at the sun Only 30 minutes from here theres a comet testing the atmosphere."

 Don't fucking act like you know me better than I do. I know everyone better than they know themselves. Apathy is obviously not for you.

 inebriated confidence, one cigarette and i'll never fucking miss you.

 "And Im sure that there are reasons for everything that happens And absence leads to adoration, yeah its nobodys fault But now there is no way to change this So I just photographed and framed it And its hanging in a hallway That we have no right to walk back down"

 I can tell you my love for you will still be strong after the boys of summer have gone.

 Tears come closer each time.

 "Baby I'm Amazed at the way you love me all the time. Maybe I'm afraid of the way I love you Maybe I'm Amazed at the way you pull me out of time You hung me on the line Baby I'm amazed at the way I really need you Baby I'm a man Maybe I'm a lonely man who's in the middle of something that he doesn't really understand."

 "I am no superman I have no answers for you I am no hero, oh thats for sure But I do know one thing for sure Is where you are, is where I belong I do know, where you go, is where I want to be"

 relay for life was fun. our team raised $1,096. and thats not too bad. next year is a minimum of $500 raised per person on my team so you can make the decision if youre ready to take on that kind of thing. be ambitious. throughout the night i had the some conversations that had the potential of being very intellectually stimulating. since it was like 2 in the morning they werent, but the idea that they could be sometime was enough. carter told me to wake him up if he fell asleep but then i accidentally did too. we were the only ones in sleeping bags and everyone else had like little rag blankets, but hey i warned everyone. much to our whole teams dismay, there were no pizzas at midnight and the donuts in the mornign left much to be desired. im still on erics computer. kareokee was fun. ... and tonight, we skate...

 " YoU RaPeD. I FeeL diRTy. iT HuRT aS a ChiLd. Tied DoWn. "That's a Good Boy." and Fuck yOUr oWN CHiLD. I Scream. No OnE hEArS Me. It Hurt. (NoT a LoT.) My God. I SaW YoU wATchiNg. MoMMy WhY Your Own Child?"

 Why do I check my email anymore. She doesnt care.

 Young black men: If you go to a movie theater, and someone steps on you foot; LET IT SLIDE! Who wants to spend the next 20 years in jail cuz someone smudged your Puma?

 If a homeless person has a funny sign, he hasn't been homeless that long. A real homeless person is too hungry to be funny.

 Relay for Life should be fun. Hopefully I can stay awake all night. I haven't actually raised any money yet, but it's ok, I still have 4 hours. My legs are so sore. I guess that's what happens when you don't run for 5 months. Oh well, I will soon get into the swing. Emma said there is gonna be a job opening at Ace soon. I will believe that when I see it. I show up there practically every week asking for a job. Why can't they just fire Mike Murray and hire me? It seems reasonable. He does not have good customer service. One time Aud, Court, and I went there to buy some lacker and he asked us if we were high. That idiot. How is it that he got into discovery and I didn't?

 I just wrote my complaint letter to dell. llately ive been setting up base camp in eric's room because my computer crashed permanently. i need a new hard drive. apparently its been defective since i bought it. LAME ass. im working in about 45 minutes so ill be home around 515 get to keikos around 545. bringing some goodies. food, sleeping bag etc.

 RELAY FOR LIFE TONIGHT! WOOHOO! MADDNESS AND FUN!

 i'm so pissed i missed hot steve in eric's old jersey

 so....how bout them cubbies? put a smile on, everybody come on.....

 i just finished my consumer ed presentation

 buried in dune gold crystal and soon a storm dehydrates the eye and brings revolution it spins on a sheet one billionth of a second after the beginning we all know there is no fate at one point because what ends up on the ball of our feet are blisters to peer over the wall that seperates the blue eyes from the brown wondering where the bones go when i sucked her nipple like i was her child it spilled from her gut the endorphins released when she thought of him in present in past she spoke of past and inhuman burn mutated manipulations left her second guessing but it was love around the circle on wheels interlocking digits mean as much to me as tongues tied in knots and placed surrepticiously above the coffin when both lovers fell into the sky tricking each others genitals manually into believing they were fornicating which explains the double homicide when you look back and find whatever instrument you encumbered to place into your monk lee poo nan Ners. I am sick of getting to the bottom of things. instead ill scourge the Tops. I am going back in time to kill my ancestor.

 some people say i'm corny or i'm morbid. i always thought i was touching i was tragic. one man's magic is another's plastic. well which is it? am i sweetness? am i sickness?

 your words lost meaning after they unintentionally broke down the barrier between loss and defeat. i feel inebriated without the high, just the insomniatic impulse to never close my eyes. closing my eyes and revealing my vulnerability is something you could only dream about. i'm as transparently lucid as you. and you're glass.

 i thought you would know it.

 pride means cowardice. I dont hurt with fists unless its in defense. and im aware that against the intellectual, words hurt SO much more then anything else. its about being angry and i am angry. at you? i differ. frustration looks like anger after cremation. i rarely weep in regret. in wait i never.

 keep the fire from my wax wings, theyve already begun to melt. i desire nothing more than flight, so i can get the hell away from you. my dearest fallen angel you have fallen much too far, saving you from yourself would be next to impossible now. but i know your dirty secrets and they reside in the back of my mind. rest assured i will keep them inside until the day i see your evil eyes cry. today im flying away on my broken wings and melting mind, but i will meet up with you in hell.

 "i felt limp and betrayed , like the skin shed by a terrible animal. it was a relief to be free of the animal, but it seemed to have taken my spirit with it, and everything else it could lay its paws on." The Bell Jar

 "If neurotic is wanting two mutually exclusive things at one and the same time, then i'm neurotic as hell. I'll be flying back and forth between one mutually exclusive thing and another for the rest of my days." the bell jar

 One of these days you'll break me of many things. Some cold white day, but you're crazy if you think I would leave you this way...

 if youre going to cut my face off why dont you step up to the plate and do it instead of throwing words at me and trying to make me want to die. ill tell you right now if you want to have an affect you should throw a fucking punch. we could dance in circles around mistakes we've made, or should i say, I've made and place our blame. but it will never get anywhere. because youre too bullheaded to step down and so am i. so throw a punch. fuck the rules of "not hitting girls" youve hit them already harder than you know. god i just dont fucking get anythign about you. so if you want to be my friend, treat me like one. otherwise. just leaeve me alone

 Try to tell me what I mean.

 Who said hatred? You kissed me before you left that day. You cried. put quotes around the fucking words you claim. i am heat. the point is not to fight. the point is to cut your face off. of all things i could say right now im just making a deposit. Carter vs. Harrison? Break up 5/9/03. yeah yeah. Pee Pole Vee Wool Never Learned are Blessed but you are the Enigma unwanted solved With left Hand your Right hand is tired like Youve been lifting My Ego. Yeah that'll kill you. Maybe I'll bring it up again soon. That I am a Trillion fucking years old. And I frighten the world. And when i die my Mind will form a body to manifest its power. I will envelop the world. Of times silence blows sails across vapor.

 chew chewawa (nice spelling) chewdango chewbrandon chewdacious chewmanga consumer ed fun

 BRANDON YEA!

 hope he takes his time and i hope he keeps your eyes closed tight and i hope that when he leaves you still you smell him on your sheets cuz i can

 best friends means i pull the trigger, best friends means you get what you deserve.

 And I've got a twenty-dollar bill that says you're up late night starting fist fights versus fences in your backyard Wearing your black eye like a badge of honor Soaking in sympathy from friends who never loved you nearly half as much as me

 im in consumer ed right now. i have nothing to say. bye.

 i feel incredibly sick right now. im about ready to throw up. or pass out. or both.

 in static versus clarity, the static will always prevail. always. that's a part of me you'll never understand.

 anger was never an issue and if i was asked to wait for years i would have. gladly.time has never been an issue and if you would have been the least bit perceptive you would have known what it was and wasnt about. dragging on and on with different reasons to start fights. theres nothing left to fight about. you dig up the past and blame me for decisions i had nothing to do with. i dont know what this game is and im not sure what the rules are but if its about you winning then ill throw it. and if what matters to you is bringing up things ive done and turning them into reasons to hate me then have at it. it doesnt matter to me anymore. it has never been about me. its always been about you. im tired of listening to it. can't you just let go of whatever hatred you have towards me and move on? this friendship was seriously over-rated. i don't know why you say some of the shit you do. i'm fighting this uphill battle and i have nothing to gain. and you have nothing to lose. what's the point? im all out of energy and too tired to keep this up. i didnt think? because i never think? i can't keep it up. i don't know what you want. its something i can't provide leave me alone now.

 Its also hard for me to let it slip out. but you know i thought about it for the longest time. you got so angry. but you never thought about it. you were so concerned about yourself. about letting people know that you were the one who needed to help. and the comfort. but you had the support, ok? she fucking didnt. her support moved to england. she has no blood left. dont you fucking understand? how the FUCK do you think SHE felt? you just didnt think. like always. never taking the world into consideration. never thinking of what youre saying. take your own fucking advice before you tell me what to do. look back at what you did. and i felt horrible. thank you. for thaT.

 I can see the tracks ahead foggy when the rain is coming down so hard like she made me when she held my inner thigh before i cut off her head. no its not about you. T-LynnDom. thats who. however blood from the concrete is harder to scrape off than iron. like the rail road tracks. do you remember when she jumped in front of that train? she blew open like a boys first orgasm. they forgot to pull out one strand of hair from the cowgrill. theres one thing i noticed by the curb earlier today. theres so much more roadkill. theres so much more suicide. in concrete versus iron, iron prevails. in car versus train, train prevails. in roadkill versus suicide, suicide prevails. in you versus my past, my past prevails.

 and for some reason when I think about running away and then falling I remember one dream that i had long forgotten......but only one part of it, when a small black boy had fallen and broken his arm. and he wouldnt stop screaming. he wouldnt stop screaming. and i remember being so close to him but i couldnt move and he didnt cry. he just screamed. instead i cried. but i couldnt scream. he wouldnt stop screaming..........

 boooooooooooooooo

 and i think about it all the time i'm volatile & afraid to cry but i'm still not comfortable in my skin and the anesthetics slowly wearing thin & i need to talk to someone new i need a different latitude & i'm in this void all alone! feeling needy hungry to grow but i'm suffocating -- can't come down and .... no .... THERE'S NO WAY OUT

 I'm david to goliath or delilah to your samson...

 AND EVERYONE THAT'S COMING TO MY HOUSE ON FRIDAY>>>>COME OVER AROUND 5:30 OR BEYOND

 i second that motion! my thunder has definitely been stolen

 Carter, stop writing so much, you're stealing everyone else's thunder.

 Should I be happy at the attempt? No. No i should not. Imitation is not flattery in my head. It is an attack. An attack. I need defense. Any defense. I'll pull out brutality like my penis from her cunt before ejaculation. I'm ready. I've got every name memorized. Now i just gotta cut them out and glue them to you. Shouldnt take long I dont need the stupid ones. Just the ones that will rip off your skin when you try to pull them off too fast. Then maybe youll learn? No. No you will not. You do not learn. You are not a learner. You are a complainer. A dweller. An ex-aggerater.

 I think youre dumb.

 "Lump lingered last in line for brains and the one she got was sort of rotten and insane small things so sad that birds could land is Lump fast asleep or rocking out with the band? shes Lump. shes in my head. Shes Lump. she might be dead. Lump was limp and lonely and needed a shove Lump slipped on a kiss and stumbled into love She spent her 20's between the sheets. Life limped along at sub sonic speeds."

 there is nothing good. but right now i am ready for dying. my standard break from life is in order. i;m not angry or displeased. i actually hope the best for everyone in the end. im not bitter or holding a grudge. im lost though.

 Youre always saying that I owe you one, well, Lets consolidate this debt - Get on a payment plan. Ill pay you compliments, you keep on treating me bad. But now its easy, getting easier, To leave you and this town behind.

 "what's happening hawt stuff?" allyson. oh. man.

 still i hope you get everything that you care to possess, and unbelievable sex with her, or any one of my friends. but just don't ask about my appetite. i didn't lose it tonight, it's been gone half my life.

 "And you will hear yourself when the rain begins to fall. Feel the fire Burning inside us all. Remove me For going in unchained. Blow away for yourself or gather again. And, listen to the conversations of the sea. Inside us all lies a quiet beach. If we fall into ourselves we will become free. I myself could use a little clarity. I am so full of love. I am so full of hate. I am so full of these feelings That turn me every which way. I am so full of you. I am so full of me. I am so full of these words That don't tell her a fucking thing."

 "practicing the silence muting all the sounds you hear somones getting violent cutting off all the ends you steal signs of forward progress still wrapped tight inside and sealed free me from this madness and ill never look back to heal silence in your sleep and people they are weak im cutting all connections that led you two to speak death is a disease and people they believe almost out of time i said your underlined practicing the silence underlined from all your pain slowly slipping backwards calling out gods name in vain signs of forward progress chanting that youre almost free you whispered to me and told me that your life wasnt me another day and another week which type of death is a disease youre so damn blind and so am i youre underlined "

 "i never thought youd be a junkie because heroin is passe but today if you think that i dont know about depression and emotional pain then youre insane and youre a fool who hasnt paid attention to a word that i say. get away. i cant help but feel responsible i always knew that you were insane with your pain. but i never thought youd be a junkie because heroin is so passe."

 "visiting is pretty visiting is good seems that all they ever wanted was a brother this can be a secret we can keep it good even all the ever wanting had a problem this is a call to all my past resignations it's been too long fingernails are pretty fingernails are good seems that all they ever wanted was a marking them balloons are pretty big and say they should ever fall to ground call the magic marker"

 "She'll be right here in these arms she can't let go. She'll be right in my arms so in love."

 "Im not so good realizing who i can or cannot trust. I like to keep what matters vague with harmless lies i can adjust. I get a D for disappointment. now theres nothing to regret. everbody's good for something. at least you know what you wont get. I let you down again. whats another harmless lie between friends? now you can't be disappointed. you know i gave you exactly what you wanted."

 "i was comin down the mountain met a child she had pin eyes we had the same opinion had the same opinion she was holding it back it hurts do bad jumping out of her flesh"

 "One of them dudes is as big as the both of us big old arms big as a school bus looks like he could snap us in 2 i aint got no gun, so i think we should run. i dont know about you spinning around how do you not just yell and fall down? AAAAH thats what happens when you feel the sound but if that was me i would be on the ground i would not get up i would dance on my back throw my legs up in the air like i dont care and waver them from side to side and i bust into a windmill, then right into a back spin. freaker right by the speaker never seems to get enough"

 "One foot at a time Smear those lines I thought I found What I always wanted Bear with me"

 "Hangin' round downtown by myself And I had so much time To sit and think about myself And then there she was Like double cherry pie Yeah there she was Like disco superfly I smell sex and candy here Who's that lounging in my chair Who's that casting devious stares In my direction Mama this surely is a dream"

 "the ants are in the sugar the muscles atrophied we're on the other side, the screen is us and we're t.v. spread me open, sticking to my pointy ribs are all your infants in abortion cribs I was born into this everything turns to shit the boy that you loved is the man that you fear"

 "Oh my god I must be dreaming If this is a dream, then why am I screaming Take off your clothes there's nothing showing Out of the sun a cold wind's blowing All the lights have started popping Once it starts it's always stopping"

 "When I was an alien cultures weren't opinions. Gotta find a way a better way when I'm there. Gotta find a way. a better way. better wait. Never met a wise man., If so its a woman. Gotta find a way a better way when I'm there Gotta find a way a better way better wait."

 "When i grow up i want to be one of the harvesters of the sea. i think before my days are done i want to be a fisherman."

 "I seem to recognize your face Haunting, familiar, yet I can't seem to place it Cannot find the candle of thought to light your name Lifetimes are catching up with me All these changes taking place, I wish I'd seen the place But no one's ever taken me"

 "And if I had my way when I woke up in the morning I would read and write before I ever drew the shades I would kiss you before you opened up your eyes" I suppose i knew but why..........

 So I sat on my ass and worked on my consumer ed all day today. I am a big loser. Today I also realized that the fact that I only have one friend is really my fault. I don't exactly know what I do to repulse people so much, but I know there is something there. I really hate myself.

 I've got your picture of me and you You wrote "I love you" I love you too I sit there staring and there's nothing else to do Oh it's in color Your hair is brown Your eyes are hazel And soft as clouds I often kiss you when there's no one else around I've got your picture, I've got your picture I'd like a million of them all round my cell I asked the doctor to take your picture So I can look at you from inside as well You've got me turning up and turning down And turning in and turning 'round

 Relay for Life is Friday, it will be SO fun! I am willing to reschedule the skating to Saturday. We had better go soon, or I will kill someone. All I want is to find someone to skate with to Titanic. Audrey and I have def reached a consensus on that one. Oh sixth grade, you went by too fast...

 REEL BIG FISH THURSDAY JULY 10TH @ HOB. who's in?

 relay for life is this friday. yes thats right FRIDAY JUNE 20TH! we are meeting at keikos house at 4:00 PM. bring your money and different things for different events like hats and sunglasses and stupid random things. ALSO a toga.

 haha.

 Stop it I hate it.

 well it takes bites out of your insides till you are just a hollow shell

 preternatural picture of primal insignificance. this old man of a steady trillion junked up gray stars cogitates metal and aviation. he boarded a jet and he burned. arbitrary undertow now has the natural selection of the surgeon at the operating table. who invented the zipper? obviously not the same person who fabricated your face. i found a bird in 4 pieces on a hill the day before. among found a deer tick of the tall weeds. each embedded itself into my skin. one concluded scorched. one came alive. chimerical landscape always has a home in my dreams and i hope to visit that hill......thats right the one with the tree on it. the one that was in a sun of articial light. as if the earth revolved around the night lights at a baseball game. "here there be tygers" such ideas find themselves quixotic. of all times enigma wanted......oh the evolutionary thouroghfare will take us to the horse head nebulae. we will be dark stars like the first of this assembly line sold out franchise. a ha. she who did not look first but talked first anyhow has yet to find that she was not the wax of these mannequins. we will divide like the dark star. indigo mitosis drill for oil on asteroids. energy has been monopolized. now we float on rocks with no destination. no destination. no destination but collision. collision is imminent.

 I dare you to anyway. Youll only hurt yourself.

 I am sitting at Audrey's right now. I thought I would blog even though I have nothing to say. And not I'm done.

 Why aren't skating rinks open on weeknights?!?!?!?!?!?!

 Did you write like this B.C.? Uh oh. Cebo's pissed because Gerry just bombed an elf. I bet Gerry feels horrible.

 I am so excited to go skating tonight. This will be great.

 So is that what you call a getaway? Tell me what you got away with Cause I've seen more spine in jellyfish I've seen more guts in eleven-year-old kids Have another drink and drive yourself home I hope there's ice on all the roads And you can think of me when you forget your seatbelt and again when your head goes through the windshield Is that what you call tact? You're as subtle as a brick in the small of my back So let's end this call and end this conversation And is that what you call a getaway? Tell me what you got away with Cause you left the frays from the ties you severed when you say "best friends" means friends forever

 im going to go fuck the world. literally. i'll call up every ex and everyone who wasnt and fuck them. why? because i can? dissapointed? yeah well so am i. chances are over. the game is up. you lost. maybe someday you'll realize that.

 I laugh. Does anyone know why? I have my reasons. Fuck off. Fuck you Fuck Off fuck all. step back and look at her. now whos fucking talking huh? jesus christ. doesnt everyone need to learn to shut the fuck up? that youre going to die? that nothing really matters? HELLO. nothing really matters. nothing at all. go out. get leid. get high. get drunk. get dead. whatever it takes to shut the fuck up, assholes. i dont care anymore. its all a shit load of hypocritical cum stain and im sick of all the highschool drama. fuck off! fuck the drama. if you wanna fucking act then do it on a stage. who gives a shit? who really gives a fucking shit? no one gives a fucking shit. i dont know what team they think theyre on. its just fucking life and you cant stop it. you cant stop anything. you cant stop me. its just not gonna happen. godammit. it wasnt a stab in the back. youre just blowing this into a blimp. youre going nuts. and for no reason. get out get leid get high get drunk get dead. go hang. just shut the fuck up and go hang.

 oh dominique. i love you.

 There was a time when I thought you were a friend to me I think those times I was probably just drunk. And if they offered a test about being a good friend I'd put money down that you'd surely flunk.

 i hope you know i never lose.

 So today Court and Audrey decided to tell Mike O'Neil that I like him. Some of you may be thinking "well that's ok", but the truth is, I have never talked to the man in my life. Oh well, this embaressment will only last for a little while. I want my braces off.

 Oh Sarah, why don't you stop eating? Why can't you just fit into your pants anymore? You've really let yourself go.

 the glare from the shine on my face is burning my eyes.

 yeah that song is still in my head.

 Bandages on my legs and my arms from you Bandages, Bandages, Bandages! Up and down on my legs and my arms from you Bandages, Bandages, Bandages! These bandages cover more than scrapes, cuts and bruises from regrets and mistakes. I've been hoping your moping around the street again. I've been tripping from sipping the dripping dirty water tap. I've been poking a voodoo doll that you do not know I made. These bandages are anonymity. I've been shaking from making an awful decision. I've been running and running feels like my head is spinning round and round Around, Around, Around, Around, Around!

 "as if things arent bad enough I think that I have cancer but I'll just toss that on the pile and as i sit back on the couch I'm so content for death I think I'll just turn on TV" ~"Far Behind" by 56 Texas

 don't even joke about that court.

 i am so tired. i think i have cancer.

 "But don't you wonder if I love her? Don't you ever think I didn't care because of lovecore."

 yeah, well i didnt say it.

 just to clarify E does mean "eh theres enough to get by"

 "...my grandmother keeps asking me when shes going to be a great grandmother. I reply well I suppose when you do something really extraordinary..."

 "...I can never ask for money back after loaning it out, and then my friends forget to pay me back. Its a real trick when I cant ask them for it back so when I'm at theyre home I just break something of that approximate value..."

 "...I'll call it a can opener just give me the ring."

 "...theres 2 things my husband believes. One is that he believes in God. The other is that when the gauge says empty, he believe it still has a quarter tank. He thinks the E means "Eh, theres enough to get by.""

 "...I got a small apartment right by Central Park. I couldn't see Central Park from my apartment but sometimes if I concentrated I could hear the cries for help..."

 I ended up on the couch in the dark attic. The TV was on I'm almost sure but I was engrossed in conversation with Alyssa who sat next to me. There was a larger man, near the other end of the room. I'm almost sure he had a dark beard and was doing some laboratory work paying no attention to the duo of adolescents who were casually exchanging words on his sofa. I suppose for some reason it took much longer to get into my subconscious but I remember the abrupt entrance of fear of an agile tick that was scurrying around the room. It looked like a carpenter ant with a huge ass......like the queen of the colony....but you know what its like when it looks different but you KNOW what it is. I was deathly afraid of this tiny anthropod fiending for my blood. I knew it wasn't looking for the big bearded man or Alyssa. No way, it was coming for me. I kept seeing it and it would run under the couch. I don't think I ended up killing it but it did go away. However things got a bit more interesting. I began kissing Alyssa and running my hand over her vulva because the bearded man had ceased to exist. Things fast forwarded and I stopped and this is where it went wrong. I sat up and found that the girl who sat next to me now, who had been Alyssa, was now Katie Colby. I didn't know what to do. I was absolutely positive that this had been Alyssa. I thought maybe I had hallucinated and Alyssa would understand. Maybe those migraine pills I had woken up to take to end the relentless pounding in my head had altered the appearance of the hell I had put myself into. Looking around there was that girl now watching TV who colored and styled her hair exactly like mine near the end of the year. I asked Katie "What am I going to do?" She told me "Say you were on a drug and really thought that I was Alyssa." That didnt fly with me so I didnt say anything, but Katie leaned over and hit a few buttons on the side of the sofa. A drawer popped out of the bottom and some digital numbers let me know that she had punched in "638 PCP". She pulled out a small bottle with a migraine pill label and said "Just tell her you were on this." I didnt want to one bit. I thought maybe she'd understand. But what if she didn't? I always thought about it. I still do. I was convinced that I really had this problem on my hands. What would the outcome look like? I instantly became very nervous and very ready to die. "Why didn't you stop me?" She grew a large sinister smile and looked to the floor and to the left. I got the impression that maybe this wasn't the right Katie that was supposed to ruin this, it was just the face of one of many Katies to put over her. I said louder "WHY DIDN'T YOU STOP ME?!" Before she could answer I found myself sitting on a row of bleachers placently watching a basketball game, or some sports event or academic assembly in the gymnasium of some junior high or maybe just a small high school. My grandma and mom were sitting beside me......I sat slightly apart from them down the bench, my eyesight fixed on something very important to me. My grandma was saying something about not being able to give me a ride to summer school. I wasn't paying attention. My 2nd grade friends were seated about 6 rows down. I felt them there in the first place. I knew that they were talking about me and having not seen me. Doug had said my name and was pointing two fingers and waving his left arm in my direction. Next to him was Max, remembered in my head exactly the way he looked the last time I saw him. Most importantly, sitting apart from Doug and Max like I, was Allysa. My 2nd grade crush. Scratch. My second grade LOVE. We used to hold hands playing the board games during lunch or breaks. I was told in junior high, when meeting them all again at TPH, having changed schools between 2nd and 3rd grade, that all the girls had been jealous of Allysa for being able to hold my hand. She was sitting in that same dress with the same face she had worn for class pictures that year in Mr. Wasinger's class. When I was in my bed I was so happy to find it was a dream. I was so sad that it didn't seem like that long ago.

 all those nights goin to bed early for summer school are catchin up to me.

 "when I say let's keep in touch, I really mean I wish that you'd grow up. This is the first song for your mix tape. It's short just like your temper, But somewhat golden like the afternoons We used to spend before you got too cool. "

 When you've got nothing, you've got nothing to lose.

 Bent on bending thaT into you and you bent My eyes became soaked.

 Come back.

 "Where the hell have I been? Sleeping lost and numb. I'm so glad that I have found you. I am wide awake and heading home."

 so my stupid rich uncle/godfather bought two more cars in addition to his leased honda 2000 eclipse and lexus, now hes got a vet and a H2. so he calls me up and asks if i wanna come over and help him with work around the house, and my pay is to drive them!!! yes!

 So my mom is probably gonna make me go back on my medication. This sucks. She told me that I can't just sit around the house anymore. It's true, i'll admit it. But what are my other options?

 "ohhh i have to put all the different fantas in there."- anthony funniest thing said today.

 i love you charlie.

 the i miss you was to you charlie. i've started a new list of songs that remind me of you. most of them are more peaceful than the last cd. i hope i see you soon. this summer. maybe i can come up to the cabin with you or you can come up with me. something. anything. i want to write you another letter and i think i will.

 Its just what i wanted to hear. thank you. and good luck.

 I finger myself pretty good. charlie, im not serious about most of the defensive things that i say. the minute you say "carter, i think it was kinda uncool that i said a bunch of bogus shit about you for no reason and id rather we just dropped it" is the day i say "man, charlie's a pretty cool guy". id rather be friends than enemies....if that means anything to you.

 keiko irish drinking song? nice... never would have thought, well actually ya lol i would have but o well. carter, i realize that you are definetly very full of yourself, and that hopefully, you can finger girls better that you finger yourself, and that it is really sad that you are so hypocritical about venting feelings, and that if you really were as smart as you say you are, which to tell you the truth im not saying that you arent(i can only joke about your looks because ive seen you), you would see that you are such a big waste that you should be ashamed of yourself. One more thing, carter, i dont know you that well and i didnt know you that well, but i know enough to be content and happy that i dont know you. go ahead and "vent your problems" dont expect me to read it or care. now...moving on. audd, im not sure if you wrote i miss you to me or not but i miss you. i read that letter you mailed me yesterday and i almosty cried, and i dont cry a lot. thanks. i started thinking about songs that remind ME of YOU, and i got a few but i cant download them, like wrong way by sublime. most of them make me smile, but a few make me sad......

 ill always find you in the end

 Yeah, you just take your pill And everything will be alright

 they can't hurt you unless you let them

 "...Music is key its the way we're set free from all this world is throwing at me and ill do what it takes if i make some mistakes its okay cuz its all just the way it should be..."

 mary mcgregor well she was a pretty whore she'd always greet you with a smile and never lock her door but on the day she died all the men in town did weep for mary mcgregor, finally got some sleep now we drink and drink and drink and drink and drink and drink and fight yes we drink and drink and drink and drink and drink and drink and fight and of o might see a pretty girl i'll sleep with her tonight yes we drink and drink and drink and drink and drink and drink and fight! well i onced loved a girl a child i'm told i gave her me heart and she gave me a cold so now i sit standing here out in the pouring rain i'll stumble back to kellys pub and cry away me pain SO FUN!

 so i'm a big loser who's just sitting around drinking some diet coke (pop in keiko's house? a shocker i know). allyson just cut my hair, and i like it. it's a change. i'll have to see what the majority thinks. for some reason i came home instead of hanging out there. i stopped by audrey's hoping to see steve and her but alas they had departed. so to feel even more pathetic i called BOTH of their cellphones only to have neither of them pick up. now i'm stuck, your ass belongs to me, the sea is cruel mistress.

 today i woke up, more awake than i have felt in years. not concerned with anything, no tears, i'm done with that shit. no one is your equal because you're the queen of pain . controlling with my moods, i'm staring at my shoes while running away. drowning myself is a game i play.

 i bet YOURE a rumor. you have every right to be this appalled with me. join the club i signed up a long time ago and i know how you feel.

 i bet its a rumor. im in consusmer ed just like eveyrone else. courtney is doing some work. im not. HA well i did almost all of the worksheet already so. whatever. i got the latest and greatest from good old JK Rowling yesterday. im starting it today. steve said its his favorite so far and hes only on chapter nine. dont diss the HP hes a rocking kid.

 Hey does anyone know if Bert McCracken has aids? Liz told me today that at some concert he just stopped singing and said "I need to get something off my chest, I have aids" and then started singing again. I hope he wasn't joking cause that's a real asshole thing to joke about, but it would also be horrible if he really was sick.

 "I don't eat I just devour, everyone in every hour All is me, is all I need and that's all that I care Propelled through all this madness, by your beauty and my sadness I'll never change or rearrange, till I've finished what I've started."

 im sitting ina werid posistionn. i canttype. bold. that makes yoularger than life! everybody. yeahhh rock your body yeahhhh. everyvbody rock yourbody right. backstreets back alright! showme themeaning of being lonely. is this the feeling i need to walk with? tell me why i cant be there where you areeeeee theres something missing in my heart. COURTNEY DOESNT KNOWHOW TO DO EXCEL tell me why. aint nothin but a heartache. tell me why aint nothing buy a mistake. tell me why i never wanna hear you say, i want it that way. cuz i... want... it... thaaaaaaat. wayyy.

 im sitting ina werid posistionn. i canttype. bold. that makes yoularger than life! everybody. yeahhh rock your body yeahhhh. everyvbody rock yourbody right. backstreets back alright! showme themeaning of being lonely. is this the feeling i need to walk with? tell me why i cant be there where you areeeeee theres something missing in my heart. COURTNEY DOESNT KNOWHOW TO DO EXCEL tell me why. aint nothin but a heartache. tell me why aint nothing buy a mistake. tell me why i never wanna hear you say, i want it that way. cuz i... want... it... thaaaaaaat. wayyy.

 lets go get some pieces of fried dough in wisconsin!@!! yeahhhhhhhhhhh! wigiDTS me an d couirnte y are buyyging them. oops forgot to takje my medicine again today;/

 Dude charlie, just stop. you really dont know me and you never did. i know exactly what im talking about. i dont speak for people to know what im talking about. i speak to vent out my own problems, alright ass head? just cuz you cant figure it out and dont know everything. you just gotta sit down and realize that youre not as smart as i am. and youre definitely not as cool. and youre MOST DEF not as good looking as i am. i am also more in touch with my feminine side, and i can finger girls better......but thats partly because im better looking then you are. and i can do it more because i get more because im smarter than you are too. and im always right too. like in an argument, with anyone, but especially with you, im always right. you know what i mean?

 brand new- the bloy who blocked his own shot that pretty much describes how i feel about you.

 Call me a safe bet. I'm betting I'm not.

 Today I had one of those days when I wished I was dead. You know, one of those days when nothing is wrong but the thought of another day in this ridiculously mundane life is just too much to handle. It was terrible. Usually I feel like this when a) I realize how god awful busy I am and I have no way of escaping my work load or b) I feel like everyone hates be. Today both a and b applied. But I made it through the day so congratulations Sarah.

 i miss you

 court thinks the golf cart ride would be fun so do i

 o ya and jeanine theres lot of stoners and pot heads up here so you could go do whatever.

 well here i am in nowhere michigan, enjoying the nothingness which makes my vacation. you all should try it, seriously. just go away from all your stuff and people. when you go back you see things differently, like i see them now and how i will see them when i get home. plus theres a beach and the stars are brighter than enywhere else. audd i wish you could see them, and court i wish i could take you for a golf cart ride, even though robbie crashed it, and keiko i wish i could take you to dimaggios for dinner, and sarah i wish i could take you to fideland fun park, and steve would come too cuz theres mini golf and a driving range and hes always fun, and carter....gaf..yag si retrac...my language... well i could take you to the power plant or maybe into town to the skate park. ya so i think thats about everyone

 You are calm and reposed. Let your beauty unfold. Pale white, like the skin stretched over your bones. Spring keeps you ever close. You are second hand smoke. You are so fragile and thin. Standing trial for your sins. Holding onto yourself the best you can. You are the smell before rain. You are the blood in my veins.

 a vivid memory: it started out like any other day by listening to faith hill in your living room and looking at pictures of you in a leopard print speedo. then me trying to go in your room and you stopping me and eventually making it in there to find that it was somewhat dissapointing because it was not nearly as dirty as you had made it out to be.we talked for a few hours in your bed because you keep your room about 40 degrees in the summer and when it got dark and before you left to walk me half way we kissed. i immediately thought you regreted it. but you said you didnt and rode me home. i was on the handle bars and i almost fell off about three times. but you rode me much farther than half way and at dirksen i finally decided to get off and walk and let you go. i turned to go home and you said "come on give me a hug" i dont think any feeling could ever compare to what i felt at that moment. if i could go back and do it again i would do it exactly the same.

 i wrote this on february 4th, 2003 i guess the epitome of pathetic is when youre pouring over old conversations in your head and you stumble upon something funny and you laugh outloud. its that moment when you realize you are incapable of moving on... and you think to yourself... "i'm about as ticklish as a radish." a statement that just seconds ago made you smile now has you on the verge of tears. maybe the fact that you are remembering this conversation word for word is what branded you as "hopeless" in the first place or maybe its the fact that you're still thinking about him after so long. perhaps its the idea of valentine's day being 10 days away and you're left without a valentine, not that it isnt a worthless holiday to begin with. Dateless, loveless, and hopeless all on the same day. it really makes you aware of your surroundings. i guess it makes you wonder too, or maybe it has nothing to do with anything and you are just wondering because you're you and you can't let go. but none the less you are wondering about beginings and endings and relationships and love, because you always are, and you can't figure out why you can't let go. i mean what is so hard about moving on? why do you, after all this time, still get nervous around him and lose whatever lame and pointless stream of conciousness you had flowing before you saw him out of the corner of your eye. Why do you STILL mention the stupid stories you know everyone has heard at least 5 times. why does everything still remind you of him? Why do you stay up late staring at your ceiling thinking maybe he will come save you from this hell and take you away, even for just 15 minutes? Why does it hurt so badly to know he hasn't thought about you this way for over a year, if he even did then? It sucks when you know there's someone who is supposed to read this and never will, and never will care. and i suppose when all is said and done, i will remember this moment as the epitome of pathetic

 i changed my nickname its Momo now. only a select few know its meaning and mockery. (this is audrey)

 The more I show the less you'll want to know.

 Toss a penny to the sewers that house liquid dirt. Make a wish. Make a wish for liquid dirt.

 So England tells me theyre meeting in France and that she does not hate me. I thought I'd smile but I didn't. Maybe I chopped off my own head on the second try. I am not afraid to say anymore that you were my attempt at keeping myself down, and in fact, it worked! some one needs to tell you that you still grow your melon............. *e*o*r*m*t*cf*e*k*z*i*.

 I've cut off heads before. I'll do it again. Where are the cameras? No plan. Just life. Ha. Ha. Ha. Just life.

 So I spent my entire morning watching old Strong Bad emails this morning. What a fag I am!

 the truth is you could tear me apart and leave me bleeding in your bedroom while you go off with your girlfriend. fuck around while i'm dying on the floor. but ill pick up the pieces of my body that are not sprawled out on the ground with one hand holding intestines and the other grasping at a locked door knob that i'm too frail to be capable of turning. but i'll stumble down the halway leaving bloody handprints that won't wash off all over your walls. and they will be the constant reminder of me.. or of her. but in its crippling brevity, my life has seemed to mean nothing to me. i'll choke on the blood one last time before i die at the top of the stairs. one last time i'll catch your eye. she won't have to worry about not trusting you with me. on the other hand, no one knows the crazy things you would like to do with my corpse. tell her you did it for her sake. tell her its one of the sacrafices that had to be made for your love to her. tell her the love she possesses does not go unrequitted and by murdering me you've proven that. but before i shut my eyes that last time i saw you glance up the stairs. your recently iced over glare staring at me and inside youre screaming at me for the mess ive made. i hope during our last form of contact in this unsettling place you can feel the love radiating from my over-dialated pupils. you look back at her and kiss her. your master plan worked. didn't it?

 opium take this homeboy and show it my sex i am courting at the end of the bar to the man FOUR stools down with the blonde hair and clear sky smile. for any other individual his vile would make the hormones and mascara run and the adrenaline drench their vessels. that one pulls my eyes from their sockets and caress his naked control. instantly take my switchblade from my pocket seems easy your hand is already deep in the leather stroking me and making me nervous. just one message. right on cue when you feel it necesary. make sure that he listens and he knows and understands. Tell Him that this is Love.

 "I SEE YOU HEADLESS WITH ME CARESSING YOUR NECK MY PERSONAL NIGHTFALL AN ECLIPSE OF THE SUNFLOWERS I FEEL SO INVISIBLE SO UNKNOWN a coffin of dust. and illegible tombstone. THEY FINALLY BURIED THE GRAVEDIGGER IN THE SKY I JUST NEED TO SHOWER IN YOUR AMBER AND BATHE in your earth."

 "My knuckles are bleeding on your front door and these flowers are wilting in the rain."

 "Dear everything, Today I witnessed a crucifixion in pink and lavender and gold. I've heard people say that beauty is in the details, but I don't think they have ever seen you. There were mortal wounds inflicted on the sky and incriminating blue stains on my shirt. The shirt you bought for me. Christ it hurts. Like stars in my belly going supernova. I feel like a zombie that refuses to live. Haunting the junkyards and cutting myself on scraps of you. The other day I masturbated to pictures of you at your birthday party. They were the only ones I still had. It felt so wrong. Just like my life. I hope I'm dead by the time you read this. I love you."

 i left my purse in steve's car and now i'm sitting in the computer lab (sneaky right court) feeling naked without it. i need my trough!!!!

 so my mom talked to steve for a half hour tonight!!!!! and of course just like everyone else who talks to him, she thinks he's great. Why did the convo start you may ask? well...let's just say it ended up with me making a promise i won't be able to keep.

 nothing from nowhere i'm no one at all radiate recognize one silent call as we all form one dark flame

 BY THE WAY. how could i forget? i have a new nick name from now on call me MOMO

 time to go im ff to work till 5

 its so funny/lame that we all sneak on to blogger to post this stuff. haha. well to me anyway.

 only one more half hour.

 i want to be a coast gaurd officer.

 cut me open. sun poisoned. this offer stands forever . new haircut. new bracelet. eyeliner. wait forever.

 the truth is you could slit my throat and with my one last gasping breath, i would apologize for bleeding on your shirt.

 I love nights

 Let's just say that now I know where this country throws all its trashy, rude, and greasy...that's right Great America. It was definitely fun though. I love Audrey, Tray, and Allyson so much. "Chicken ajitas? How about chicken fahingers?" I felt like we were never going to get away from the rat woman...oh man if i ever look like that, just shoot me and put me out of my misery. On the otherhand the woman in the leopard mumu/leotard with the leopard bra to match looked quite striking. I wish all of you that are reading this could've come too...so pretty much Court and Sarah. I can't get over the face Audrey gave me after the water ride....and Tray with her hair in her face asking "Is it done already?"

 "Can you feel my love buzz?"

 Ethereal Love

 Iron love

 Twilight Love

 Subterranean love.

 I wish I was a Morlock to sink beneath the sand.

 Last summer in a pink thong she told me that she had masturbated thinking about me fingering her. I have a picture of her tits on a floppy disk.

 That was a lot of shit that came out of your mouth and at the time i thought it was being stockpiled to shovel into his face instead they were lies to be used like a trampoline. now i cant help but feel youre trying to play dead in the dumpster because thats "just the cool thing to do these days". i also cant tell if this is a private show or open to the public. knowing that would help me out a lot because im thinking public. no wait nevermind knowing that wouldnt help at all.

 ...hurt..... Yeah but without a lie I can't fucking wait.

 Being so far from brevity It all meant next to nothing to me

 I think she took this to the edge. I think she took everything to the edge. I don't feel like you really cared. I don't feel like you really care now.

 Severed toes. Amputated left arm. Broken neck. Dead fish. Drown. Whatever.

 Realistically, her eyes will not eat you. Keep your face on your bottomless ribs because she will be outside explaining the health of the birds.

 you put yourself in stupid places yes I think you know it's true situations where it's easy to look down on you I think you like the be the victim i think you like to be in pain i think you make yourself the victim almost every single day you do what you do you say what you say YOU TRY TO BE EVERYTHING TO EVERYONE you know all the right people you play all the right games YOU ALWAYS TRY TO BE EVERYTHING TO EVERYONE i think you like to be their simple toy i think you love to play the clown i think you are blind to the fact that the hand you hold is the hand that holds you down why won't you ever learn?

 I don't want people to feel sorry for me. I want them to realize that I am always right no matter what. No matter what.

 youre the only person i can be with in a situation where not knowing anything is better than knowing it all. make sure to keep our distance as to not upset the neighbors. make our plans around eachother and survive on another life source. we will survive but never thrive. discovering upsetting information about the opposite party has become nothing less than routine. denial is a state i've grown comfortable to living in. youre either far off in the distance or treading softly on my heels. a friendship can always hang on by it fingertips with one person grasping it desperately. as for now you'll hang out with her and ill hang out with him. we'll call eachother time to time with intentions of becoming closer friends. debate our music and our movies and talk about lost love. and the plan will play itself out perfectly. like its been going through my mind. and a day will come when i will finally say "your coffin or mine?"

 i also found out some "events" that occur on road runs that i found extremely funny.

 I just got back from Audrey's. We went skating tonight. It was ok. Relay for Life was so much fun. As disappointed as I was to not "bring a guy back to the tent with me" as Keiko and I so fondly call it, I still had a lot of fun. Our group didn't really do any walking, but we raised a lot of money so that was pretty cool. I walked with Mike for a little while and that was pretty cool, even though I think he was only going with me to shut me up. Courtney thought it was funny that I was walking around in a bathrobe singing at 4 in the morning. Pat said I looked like Mrs. Doubtfire.

 my body clock is fucked.

 i dont want conflict with you. i care about your feelings. you should know that. why did you get pissed off at me? i didnt want to sound mean. i didnt even think you were mad. i dont see what the big deal was. im sorry, but i dont know why.

 by the way...michigans still boring

 well carter you could look at some things ive said and maybe start to get it into your thick skull that your not as super-duper as youve hyped yourself up to be...to yourslef...and other....people....right...what steve said o and ill add just one thing, if your gonna write gay crap like you usually do (odd song lyrics and sonsensical jumbles of words ex: "flying glass and metal turned to stereotypical business lobby. clicks of computers and dial tones and the under breath conversations of these demons stuck in their cubicles, filing the paperwork for the thousands.......maybe millions found dead each day. every one needs to go on file " and "There was a larger man, near the other end of the room. I'm almost sure he had a dark beard and was doing some laboratory work paying no attention to the duo of adolescents who were casually exchanging words on his sofa. I suppose for some reason it took much longer to get into my subconscious") then save us blog space and write it on a piece of paper...god. by the way...steve nice of you to finally join us in blogging. actually carter was the reason i started writing too so be sure to write more whenever and about whatever

 whats wrong with me? i want to be alone with my girl friend sometimes. im sorry im tearing you apart from your friends. ill just let you have her all the time. im sorry that im posting this.

 Steve Ive never written a post about you. I dont know what you are talking about. Of course I want attention. Everyone wants attention. But thats ALL i want? Hardly. Why do you feel the need to say anything steve? am i going to look at this and say to myself "by golly, steve is right about this. i am completely wrong about everything i do and the way i write and act really means nothing at all and its all just a surrepticious ploy to get people to compliment me......."? no i am not.

 So Carter, I find it funny how you write things on your blog about me. So, I'll write something about you. I think that all you want is attention and thats why you act the way you do. Dont try and come up with some stupid remark to try and piss me off. It's not worth it to try and be nice to you if all you do is hate people. Stop being such an asshole to everyone. Get it through your head that people actually like you and stop trying to push them away. You are a disrespectful little bastard who doesn't know a thing about anyone. Don't go around and say that you know people when you really dont even know yourself. Well, I think I'll deal with some other things when I see you next instead of being a coward like some people.

 I can't wait to have my head cut off. I dont mind being the bred and packaged meat. That's why.

 I know someday you'll have a beautiful life, I know you'll be the sun In somebody else's sky, but why Why, why can't it be, why can't it be mine...

 So I hardly ever post anymore, I should do that. It's probably cuz I have nothing to say. I've been swamped with things to do and this summer is just not gonna be long enough for all the shit I have to do. SO THIS IS FOR EVERYONE ON THE BLOG : I'm sorry for making myself distant. I'm sorry for blaming you all for my problems. You are all really great people and I'm sorry that I never really let you know that. I just hate that this feeling that I don't belong anymore. No matter what you are my best friends in the world, even if I'm not yours. But I'm sorry anyways because I know it's my fault. Somehow everything is my fault.

 flying glass and metal turned to stereotypical business lobby. clicks of computers and dial tones and the under breath conversations of these demons stuck in their cubicles, filing the paperwork for the thousands.......maybe millions found dead each day. every one needs to go on file and everyone needs to have a place to go. apparently I had something a little special but i wasnt the first. i was just another no name asshole who constantly avoided love. i could see the cubicles from where i was sitting but the horns and extra heads and pus volcanos that shot from every employees head didnt scare me as much as it probably should have.....though granted I really had no need to be afraid anymore. fear was for the people on file. i was sitting on a sofa in the main hall of the building, and i was facing a wooden door. the kind where the frame and bottom are wood but the top half is a glass pane with CEO in bold black letters, OEC if youre on the inside. i kind of jumped to conclusions and decided i was supposed to enter that door but $20 says I didnt make that decision myself. i stood up and there was a stiff crack in my knees.....like id been sitting on that couch for an eternity. the knob was hot to the touch but i just turned it and walked in, growing aware and apathetic at the same time of the heat that seemed to surround everything. and there he was when i walked in, sitting at the desk. the head honcho. the CEO. the dark lord. he didnt have a goatee or a mustache or even goat legs. im sure he could have those if he wanted to but that dress code was for the people on file only. instead now, he was a hispanic male in his mid-20's with fair complexion and broad shoulders. in his little pin stripe suit and skinny tie i was reminded of my last job interview, 4 years before. "you ready?" he asked with a raise of the eyebrows. "yeah alright," i replied, with an unexpected enthusiasm. he went on to ask questions about my life. "I see here you were a pretty hateful person. homicidal AND suicidal fantasies......masochistic sexual desire.......atheism.........to me youll do alright." it kinda jolted me when he said the last phrase because it reminded me of an old phrase my friends used to say when i was way younger......like recognizing a mans face that looks similar to that pre school friend you left behind when you moved to iowa. "yeah" i started "i remember i used to get asked if there was one thing i could change about the world, what it would be......my reply was always...." "to downsize the world. kill off everyone but who you saw fit, says right here." he had taken the words right out of my mouth but even that didnt seem strange. "what position were you actually looking for, friend?" I wasnt quite sure when he asked me but it kinda flipped to the front of my brain and i told him "On-Call 2nd Division JackHammer." his eyes lit up and he chuckled a puff of smoke from his nostrils. "an excellent choice i must say. you may be better fitted for 1st division with a resumee like this." "i thought that too but once you get into the first division its a lot less actual work and a lot more paperwork. 2nd division gets the fun stuff" i was surprised that i knew anything about what i was talking about. subconsiously i had this shit down pat. "whatever you say. youre the boss of your eternity" i thought that sounded corny......the way my highschool counselor used to tell me about my future. oh well.......not everyone can sound cool all the time i guess. "when do i start?" i asked growing bored with the interview. "hold on, i need a little more info on your experience." "dont you have that kinda information on that sheet right there?" "some of it, but if theres anything you wanna add.......?" "uh........i used to play a lot of croquet........." which was a half lie. i never played a lot of croquet......but i could handle mallets. and i had played croquet a few times in my life. "alright then, good luck" it was abrupt but the office melted around me into a pool of blood. actually it was more like an ocean of blood. i couldnt see the bottom but i was standing on something about 3 or 4 inches below the surface. the sky was a pale orange and glowing with a little more intensity just above the horizon. the blood stretched on all the way to the end. around me the heads of random damned were screaming for help. they were all calling me strange names. "chris, youve come back!" "jackie you have to pull me out of here we have to escape." all of them were saying about the same things. i decided that to each of these people i looked like a person that they had loved and trusted. that would hurt so much more. i looked down at my hand and it was grasped tightly around the shaft of a large wooden sledge hammer. i knew what i had to do. i walked over to the first head stuck up above the blood. he was yelling at me and crying in french. i just raised the hammer and struck down. again. again. his skull finally cracked and his head sank beneath the ocean. the next level is my best guess at where he went. on to the next damned........... i cant hear their screams anymore. its all the same to me and ive heard every cry for help. every age. every ethnicity. both sexes. theyve all felt my hammer. i always wish that there had been a job like this when i was alive. oh wait, there was.

 "We paint a lover's tryst. We're neither clear nor descript. We kept it safe and slow. The quiet things that no one ever knows."

 Call me a safe bet. I'm betting I'm not.

 everybody to the limit the cheat is to the limit.... HSR kicks ass

 this is the last time ill say it. and this is the last time you'll see these words coming from me. i'm still crazy about you and i still think about you all the time. and i fuck. fuck. i dont know. you know what? i don't even know. i could lie to myself for days and never believe it. but i could lie to you and you would. maybe not because my lies are that convincing, but maybe because its what you really really want to believe. if i told you i never thought about you and i was completely over you, youd believe it because its what you want to be the truth. so lets save ourselves the trouble of never knowing what i'm thinking, and relieve ourselves of the awkward conversations im sure to attempt to have with you. and lets just say that from now on im not thinking about you, even though we both know i am. and lets just say im no longer crazy about you. starting today i'm concealing my feelings and ill have you know that im NEVER revealing the way i feel about you until im 25 and engaged to someone who is nothing like you, or anyone ive dated, who really cares about me. and ill tell him a story about a boy who i dated when i was 16 who i never really stopped thinking about. and ill tell him the others because theyre sure to still be in the back of my mind with you. but ill bury you there as of noiw, and this post will be your funeral. im retiring my feelings to the back of my mind and your eulogy will be this confession. that i still think about you and im still crazy about you. but you'll never know. maybe someday you'll change your mind. which you wont. but maybe. and then maybe, which i wont, but maybe, ill consider bringing you back out of the depths of your grave into which i am placing you now.

 godammit how many motherfuckers how many stories and how many times do you expect me to understand and care and listen NO i fucking wont and i dont care about the decisions because i am not of that and of course its a hypocrisy because what do i do with my night you fucking........you fucking.......you fucking ... like i ever should have gone head first like i should have cared enough and of course now i think im in love right right right right right how fucking responsible how fucking righteous you little fucking rebel how many fucking hand jobs do i have to give oh i feel that clitoris that tight little button living on the north side knows right where to hit that shit hit it hard hit it in the fucking face because right now it seems to matter more like it did before sexual attraction before they grew down my face and my tears mean jack shit to anyone who thinks im a lying asshole i know when some motherfucker needs coffee and i know when they need a nice kick in the fucking gut and id go up tomorrow but instead i call him and we go but im all out of firecrackers because i wasted the mother fucking firecrackers in the portajohn and oh god thats why he came hes going to be pissed and maybe he forgot and saturday my plans are to send that air tumbling and by monday steps 1 through 3 are completed but no oh god no ive got enough on my mind and all i want to see for the rest of my life is her her her her her her her get that motherfucking bottle on cuz ive got this plan on the side of my house. BUTTSUP bitch. butts the fuck up. throw the fuck up. its mouth is wide open and you were never ever that ready. Faaip de Oiad

 Fags...

 Fingers. Fingers. fucking fingers.

 Solitude's a reason to die

 fuck everything

 work today from 2-10:15. shoot me in the face.

 "I can be your right of way So we can get out of here I've always been the one Who runs from everyone Cause everyone's just too weird. Sink with someone tied to me I'm making you volunteer Another one hass come and gone They crawl along Make them disappear"

 "I remember last night's dream could it be the one of me? I've been waiting silently... would you risk it all... with me?"

 A Japanese cartoon, eh James? I saw one o' thems once. Let's see what I can remember. Okay so first of all, my head would have to be a little bean, with real real big eyes. Get rid of my thumbs. Make me all shiny. My boots would be a whole lot cooler, like robot boots. And for some reason I got blue hair, you gotta have blue hair. Then there's my mouth: real tiny when it's closed, ridiculously huge when it's open. Then you basically just put me in space and let me fly aroudn in cool poses. They would probably have someone else do the voices. Japanese cartoons are weird man, but I think I may be on to something with that blue hair.

 Okay this is as good as its getting tonight. sorry about all the editing. its been taking a really long time. there is no archive file yet. but im still trying to get one. im not ready to change the entire skin just so i can get an archive file on it so this is what looks cool now. no archives but. im trying

 oh and the mom too.

 i hate my brother.

 hey i just got the new harry potter book, does it seem like harry's really angry or what? kinda scary.....but still good

 i like it

 had to change the template because the other one was getting fucked up with the new template on blogger.com

 foo fighters are so cool

 "this might just be a waste of time but there's no one i'd rather waste my time with than all of my best friends. so start the car up, we'll all take turns but not for the worst. we're all "hasbeens" and "never-were's" and we're all in the back singing "Roxanne" just watching life pass us by as if we cared, enough to try and catch up enough to make up for lost time we've been down, we've been out, we've been hanging 'round. tip our glasses to having no direction start the van, get me out of this one horse town, waste this night." just lyrics

 So I suppose in wait this day where all the years have gone their way and here again find things the same as maybe counting backwards a year when met and lost and picked up by relative personality you found your ride again because now in my cavern you ask for the difference and its fine because as liberal as the words can be change is a chore that tires me but decision insured? i am not sure change it is not. the ability to start again. to test my choices when come the end and you. you other. you gone. gone hung.

 This summer is very uneventful. Unless you consider learning about the wonders of insurance thrilling. Speaking of that, I had better get back to the consumer ed.

 in consumer ed. did my stuff. so i have nothing to do now. i feel like i have been so busy lately. i almost like it.

 chirag ya lame ass. go get your hair cut. and stop hanging out in the mens underwear section. and hey california. why dont you talk or something? ha

 You play games, I play tricks Girls and girls, but you're the one Like a game of pick-up-sticks Played by fucking lunatics oh tatu, you crazy lesbians

 so obviously desperate. so desperately obvious.

 Klutz587: hey steve took me adn court hoem adn when i was gettting out my head/ neck got wrapped up adn stuck in the seatbelt and i felt so dumb ! sapphire42019: hahahahaha!!!!! sapphire42019: i wish i was there Klutz587: i didnt know the seatbelt was going to move like that that convo just made my night that much better. i love tray.

 I took all of his money and it was a pretty penny I took all of his money and I brought it home to Molly She swore that shed love me, no never would she leave me But the devil take that woman for you know she tricked me easy

 today 3 people commented on my double dare shirt. "were you really on double dare?" "no" "oh, that would be really cool if you were" "yeah" (fake laugh)

 its hard to believe that only a few months ago not every thing we said turned into a fight. its hard to imagine genuinly getting along ever again.

 it was probably more me almost getting my ass kicked. or steve. HOLLA!!!!!!

 Oh Streets, so much fun. Wait a second, we almost got our asses kicked there tonight.

 i hate the world.

 I feel no regrets. i know youre just gonna take that the wrong way. well shit, it happens.

 It's a backwards attraction to your forward eyes But you're so far-sighted that you can't place trust In what or who you recognize

 you truth twisting son of a bitch

 We chase misprinted lies we face the path of time and yet I fight this battle all alone no one to cry to no place to call home My gift of self is raped my privacy is raked and yet I find repeating in my head if I can't be my own I'd feel better dead

 I was running on the track this morning and the soccer players were on that little field between the track and Court's house. I was in the process of running a 1200 when I saw Afshar running across the track in one of those gay ass foam hats while Mr. Schmidt yelled at him for being late. I laughed silently to myself and fininshed my workout. Not much of a story? Well here is another one that is even more funny: yesterday morning while I was getting into my car after cross country Tracy ran up to me and was like "I can't start my car!" She didn't know you have to straighten the wheel or else the car won't start. She was freaking out and I was laughing my ass off. Maybe you had to be there.

 "here we go again infatuation catches me just when i thought that it would end oh but then again it seems much more than that but im not sure exactly what youre thinking wel i toss and turn all night thinking of your ways of affection but to find that its not different at all so i throw away my past mistakes and contemplate my future thats why i say what the hey? would you last forever you and me together hand in hand we run away yeah far away"

 "I always waste my time just wondering what the next man thinks of me. Ill never do exactly what I want and Ill sculpt my life for your acceptance. Well I feel forgotten Feel like rotten Do you feel the same? Adolescence just cant make sense Its calling my name And if youd look around at all the things youve found I call it blind hatred If youd stop a while and maybe if youd smile You would realize that we're all the same and its just like our brain when it goes insane we feel the same pain all my life all i seem to have is need i think at times it even turns to greed we all wanna join some family we'll even sacrifice a moral changing"

 woah. where did the time go?

 "Choreographed and lack of passion Prototypes of what we were Went full circle 'til I'm nauseous Taken for granted now I waste it, faked it, ate it, now i hate it Now I cannot speak, I lost my voice I'm speachless and redundant Cause I love you's not enough I'm lost for words."

 and keiko was cute

 tonight i watched myself when i was 5 at a ballet recitle. i was tall then. the tallest one on the stage by about 2 inches but it looked like so much more. they stuck me right in the middle just so everyone could say man shes tall. and man. i was.

 F.O.D.

 "somethings on my mind its been for quite some time this time im on to you so wheres the other face? the face i heard before. your head trips boring me. lets nuke the bridge we torched 2000 times before this time we'll blast it all to hell ive had this burning in my guts now for so long my bellys aching now to say stuck down in a rut of dislogic and smut a side of you well hid when its all said and done its real and its been fun but was it all real fun? youre just a fuck i cant explain cuz i think you suck im taking pride in telling you to fuck off and die ............ good night"

 keiko can i see your summer reading sheet? because naturally, i lost mine.

 "This is the last time we'll be friends again. i'll get over you. you'll wonder who i am." and all this fighting is hurting you. and all this fighting is killing me. a nice day gone horribly wrong. inconsistency. just like the only thing you'll ever find in me. i'm so full of flaws its hard to believe that theres anything good inside.

 you cant always get what you want, but if you try sometimes you just might find you get what you need. thats a good song.

 So I woke up this morning and the sun was coming through the window and i had this one song by three dog night that filter covered in my head and you know, its just kinda stupid now. its too beautiful a day to fight. ill stop if you do and vice versa. Good luck on the finals today everybody.

 court, theyre breaking out.

 hey im not pissed at you. i thought you were just getting back at me for what i did. its nothing. i believe you. i hope you had a great time. i love you. call me right when you get home, and ill come and get ya'll.

 End of passion play, crumbling away I'm your source of self-destruction Veins that pump with fear, sucking darkest clear Feeding on your deaths' construction Taste me and you will see More is all you need You're dedicated to How I'm killing you Come crawling faster Obey your Master Your life burns faster Obey your Master Master Master of Puppets I'm pulling your strings Twisting your mind and smashing your dreams Blinded by me, you can't see a thing Just call my name, 'cause I'll hear you scream Master Master Just call my name, 'cause I'll hear you scream Master Master Needlework the way, never you betray Life of death becoming clearer Pain monopoly, ritual misery Chop your breakfast on a mirror Taste me and you will see More is all you need You're dedicated to How I'm killing you Come crawling faster Obey your Master Your life burns faster Obey your Master Master Master of Puppets I'm pulling your strings Twisting your mind and smashing your dreams Blinded by me, you can't see a thing Just call my name, 'cause I'll hear you scream Master Master Just call my name, 'cause I'll hear you scream Master Master Master, Master, Where's the dreams that I've been after? Master, Master, You promised only lies Laughter, Laughter, All I hear and see is laughter Laughter, Laughter, Laughing at my cries Hell is worth all that, natural habitat Just a rhyme without a reason Neverending maze, drift on numbered days Now your life is out of season I will ocupy I will help you die I will run though you Now I rule you too Come crawling faster Obey your Master Your life burns faster Obey your Master Master Master of Puppets I'm pulling your strings Twisting your mind and smashing your dreams Blinded by me, you can't see a thing Just call my name, 'cause I'll hear you scream Master Master Just call my name, 'cause I'll hear you scream Master Master

 I'm going to take my consumer ed midterm tonight. Half of this nightmare will be over.

 you all fucking amaze me.

 Did you see that fucking grin? no you just missed it.

 this weather better fucking clear up otherwise i'll kick some major "whip-ass"!!!!!!! that is dank

 my mind is set on overdrive...truer words were never spoken. anyway i found out that my pretend stock went down 2 cents. damn stock market, bulls and bears. looks like that bmw i had my eye on will have to wait. sigh. i went to bead world yesterday and i found out that my opium ring is really a poison ring that french women started. when they would get tired of their husbands or the husbands would get frisky, the frenchies would just slip in a little powder here and there and go on their merry way. oh what a life

 I love you Audrey Claire

 look at the window!

 haha youre writing on this right now and i can see you. too funny.

 i see you carter and youre writing on this right now

 hutch boy hutch boy. you got stuck in a cabinet? no it was a hutch a hutch is much smaller.

 im done now.

 hey carter.

 i coulda had this about.....4 months ago? "cuz this is my united states of whatever" at least i know what you were talking about......but i doubt anyone had a situation like this i was the nicest and for the longest.

 Tom: "Hey, Tawny, you think, maybe I could set up a surveillance system in your house sometime?" Louis: "Tawny doesn't have a home." Tom: "Ohhh!" Louis: "She lives on a bike. It's a long story. It's very tragic"

 Ren: "Well, I guess you could trash him! You get it? Trash! (laughs) He's the custodian!" Louis: "Ren? I'll do the comedy."

 lets take this motherfucker in the back and beat the fucking shit out of him

 "im the last of my species, i need oral sex"

 Louis: "He thinks he's a big shot...'cause he showers and uses deoderant."

 i havent masturbated in 3 days.

 i have a headache

 well courtneys on here at the same time as me. whats up courtney

 love love love

 friends friends friends

 Twitty: "...we'll have like this whole superband thing goin' on, you know like uh Crosby, Stills...and that other old guy."

 words words words

 blah blah blah

 Tawny (to Louis): "I feel like we're all just pawns in some kind of sick power struggle." Tom: "I agree. Not that I'm not enjoying it."

 shes coming to my school and i cant fucking wait

 Ren: "Where do you see yourself in five years?" Louis: "I'm hoping to move up to Donnie's room."

 Louis (to Tawny): "Yeah, everybody's got their thing. Twitty has his music; you, your poetry; Tom's...got...his parents."

 Louis: "Why do people call you Scabbie?" Scabbie: (very menacingly): "You don't want to know!" Louis: "You know what, you're right, I lost interest in that question, I'm sorry."

 Coach Tugnut: "...it's dodge ball season and all is right with the world."

 Chuck: "Let's say you shine this gig on. We'll go cruise the mall, groove on some chicks, huh? Louis: "What, what, are you joking? No, no, the old man finds out he'll freak out. If I split now...Wait, why are we talking like hippies?"

 Louis: "Dad, get off the car! Don't lean on that nerdmobile; people will think it's ours, Dad!"

 Steve Stevens: "Beans! Why are you dumping dirt in my laundry room?" Beans: "Because there's a big scary bird in the back yard!"

 Artie Ryan: "I was thinking about quitting the band anyway. I didn't like the direction it was going--nowhere!"

 Tom: "You know, I...I need a more colorful bowling name. What about 'Hot Pins?'" Louis: "Hot Pins? Tom, you pitch that for every sport we ever play!" Tom: "But this time I think it's appropriate."

 Surprise I've got eyes, now goodbye

 heres a little jimmy eat world for your viewing pleasure Hung up here on a web of comfort Taking off with nowhere to go Standing tall with your new cloak armor Making out like it's all been done Its harder than it seems You slip but never fall They'll take you, where you wont come back to me They'll take you, where you wont come back to me Tearing down what we build up so well Laying low, as you came my way Look alive with your head on backwards Going off, when theres nothing wrong It's only in your dreams But it felt like it was real They'll take you where you wont come back to me They'll take you where you wont come back to me Hang loose, my friend dont walk away from me Cause i really think you're cool Is it worth turning back, despite these open hands You're tearing me apart They'll take you, where you wont come back to me They'll take you, where you wont come back to me you need to find yourself

 consumer ed is lame. i picked out like 6 templates that i might use on my blog because the one on it right now is something i dont really like. ill probably just get rid of the archives all together instead of downloading an archive code. courtneys on bored.com. thats when you know youve wasted your morning.

 write about something better . i'm tired of everything being so predictable.

 theres no justification to it. the table's legs are nailed to the floor you know. no way to turn it around unless you pull up the floor......but what you find there is gonna stop you in your monter tracks. IF ITS YOU YOURE FUCKING DEAD

 christ, No one really knows me.

 I love keiko rose.

 i hate this fucking blog right now...so FYI think before you write

 fraying all the ends, you are the last one who can recognize his friends. and nothing ever changes, you're always exchanging peace of mind for everything. you want everything. you want it all. i can see it in your eyes. i can see right through you. there's nothing to you. you conjure lies. and you'll surround yourself with everyone who says what you need to feel all right. everyone who speaks the words that make you perpetually contrived. they say what you want to hear. say what you want to hear... why can't you be strong?

 Living well is the best revenge.

 im jtust

 i dont think i feel the way i used to. i thought i was right in my thinking, but now im doubting myelf. its not what i thought it would be. maybe a break would help. or something. i dont know what to do. i feel bad about it.

 Apologies arent allowed but Ill make an exception. You Dark Sun Dark Star

 Hanging out with the cousin this week, it's nice. California will be better though, obviously. Yesterday we went to Hoffman Fest and rode this one ride that flipped over and stuff in this big circle. We through the little popper thingies from the top and hit some badass mexicans. After the ride, the operator came up to us and told us that she was worried since the people we shared the ride with were extremely obese. later we went to vince's and figured out who would be which part for the school musical version of rocky horror picture show: vince- dr. frankenfurter, me- janet, dan george- brad, kevin- riff-raff, bryan tyrpin ahh gotta go write later

 So my mom is out of town for 2 weeks. This should be pretty nice and relaxing for me. It would be nice to take advantage of the situation by being extra social during these two weeks, so if you want to, just come on over.

 And now I'm all alone again Nowhere to turn, no one to go to Without a home without a friend Without a face to say hello to And now the night is near I can make believe he's here Sometimes I walk alone at night When everybody else is sleeping I think of him and I'm happy With the company I'm keeping The city goes to bed And I can live inside my head On my own Pretending he's beside me All alone I walk with him till morning Without him I feel his arms around me And when I lose my way I close my eyes And he has found me In the rain the pavement shines like silver All the lights are misty in the river In the darkness, the trees are full of starlight And all I see is him and me forever and forever And I know it's only in my mind That I'm talking to myself and not to him And although I know that he is blind Still I say, there's a way for us I love him But when the night is over He is gone The river's just a river Without him The world around me changes The trees are bare and everywhere The streets are full of strangers I love him But every day I'm learning All my life I've only been pretending Without me His world would go on turning A world that's full of happiness That I have never known I love him I love him I love him But only on my own.

 love is another word for regret

 im not actually that full of myself. it just pisses people off really well.

 charlie just stop. please. whatever phrases you site of me that are "nonsensical" are just non-sense to you and other people. they mean something to me no matter how abstract they are. i wish youd just drop it because i never did anything to you or anyone. cmon now.

 steve dont be sorry the evidence was good and it was just a mistake. its not about you and i dont want you hating me. as much as maybe you cant tell i really do want you as my friend because i consider you one of my best.

 i heard from a friend that he's with her again and they laugh like theyve never laughed harder. and this time they mean it and the ring on her finger shows it. its real and theyre making big plans. theyre writing their own vows to profess their love with that personal touch. he tells her shes the only one hes ever loved and he tells her she had always been the first and last. and he says he made some mistakes with a girl from the past but he regrets it all now and tries to forget it. they spend nights talking about the spark of their romance and the love they both felt at first site. on their wedding day the best man came up and pulled him aside. he said, "what about audrey? don't you ever think about her?" and the only reply to this question before the trip down the aisle was, "what? audrey who?"

 Twitty: "I say Scabbie is in Sneaker Circus right now, you know, just negotiating the finer points of our deal." Louis: "Yeah, well maybe if his name was Honest Bob but his name is Scabbie!"

 Alison: "I feel like I already know you guys. Alan has told me so much about you," Louis: "Who's Alan?" Twitty: "Uh, dude, I have a first name too, you know."

 "In my day, we didnt have VCRs or answering machines, so if the phone rang and you didnt pick it up, YOU MISSED THAT CALL!."

 hey sarah. you should call me sometime.

 i wanted eggs when i came home from work, but didnt feel like cooking up a storm. so i ate peanut butter instead. JUST IN CASE YOU GUYS WERE WONDERING.

 Reel Big Fish- A Little Doubt Goes a Long Way

 I can't imagine all the people that you know And all the places that you go When the lights are turned down low. And I don't understand all the things you've seen but I'm slipping in between you and your big dreams it's always you in my big dreams and you tell me that it's over but I can't stand here in a patch of four leaf clovers and your restless, and I'm naked you've gotta get out you can't stand to see me shaking no could you let me go? I didn't think so and you don't wanna be here in the future so you say the present's just a pleasant interruption to the past and you don't wanna look much closer cuz your afraid to find out all this hope you had sent into the sky by now had crashed and it did because of me and then you bring me home afraid to find out that you're alone and I'm sleeping in your living room but we don't have much room to live I had these dreams in them I learned to play guitar maybe cross the country become a rock star and there was hope in me that I could take you there but dammit you're so young well I don't think I care and if I hurt you then I'm sorry please don't think that this was easy then you'd bring me home cuz we both know what it's like to be alone and I'm dreaming in your living room but we don't have much room to live and konstantine is walking down the stairs doesn't she look good? standing in her underwear and I was thinking what I was thinking we've been drinking and it doesn't get me anywhere my konstantine came walking down the stairs and all that I could do is touch her long blonde hair and I've been thinking it hurts me thinking that these nights when we were drinking no they never got us anywhere no this is because I can spell konfusion with a k and I can like it it's to dying in another's arms and why I had to try it it's to Jimmy Eat World and those nights in my car when the first star you see may not be a star I'm not your star isn't that what you said? what you thought this song meant and if this is what it takes just to lie with my mistakes and live with what I did to you all the hell I put you through I always catch the clock it's 11:11 and now you want to talk it's not hard to dream you'll always be my konstantine my konstantine, they'll never hurt you like I do no they'll never hurt you like I do no, no, no no no no no no this is to a girl who got into my head with all the pretty things she did hey you know you keep me up in bed this is to a girl who got into my head with all these fucked up things I did hey maybe baby you could keep me up in bed my Konstantine you spin around me like a dream we played out on this movie screen and I said did you know I missed you? I miss you and then you bring me home and we'll go to sleep, but this time, not alone, no no and you'll kiss me in your living room I know you'll miss me in your living room cuz these nights I think maybe that I'll miss you in my living room we don't have much room I said does anybody need that room? because we all need a little more room to live my Konstantine

 "I'm not shooting for a "successful" relationship at this point, I'm just looking for something that will prevent me from throwing myself in front of a bus. I'm keeping my expectations very very low."

 "That's why they call them crushes. If they were easy, they'd call them something else. " ohhhh 16 candles

 "Hoping for the best just hoping nothing happens A thousand clever lines unread on clever napkins I will never ask if you don't ever tell me I know you well enough to know you never loved me"

 "When it all goes to hell will you be able to tell me you're sorry with a straight face?"

 I've got so much id like to give.

 god i can't find this oar song that i had stuck in my head all day. i swear i didn't make it up, and i can even hum the melody...sort of. this is going to drive me insane.

 i swear it never gets old.

 "I know it's been a long, long year. God forbid you listen to me now."

 ferris says if he dies hes giving his eyes to stevie wonder.. what a sweetie gotta go hi jeanie shut up

 I'm ryan dunn and this is Corn Sledding.

 Who wants to hang out with audrey?

 wisconsin is going to suck. my dad's cousins are going up which i guess is cool, but for three days! what the fuck? at least my mom feels bad for me.

 i'm so tired, but there's no way in hell i could fall asleep.

 hey. hey. spying on people rules. hahhahahhahahhahhhahhah. it looks like a horse but its moving. bob theres some people in the pine trees. and there stepping on our stepping stones. and they almost fell in our fishing pond. ahahhahahhahahh. oh me and audrey as spies.

 I'm tired of you pretending like I don't exist. Fuck you.

 wonderful.

 grand.

 great.

 good.

 everyone on the bus?

 goodbye.

 farewell.

 signing off...

 audrey, the best Zodiac Match for your personality is Aquarius Aquarius, the Water Bearer (January 21 to February 19): This friendly and thoughtful partner is just your type. Initially, an Aquarius may catch your attention by showing you their intellectual side and optimistic outlook. But as you get to know them better, you're likely to be even more drawn to an Aquarian's idealistic resolve and focus on making positive change. People born under this sign are frequently capable of seeing both sides in any dispute. This can make them quite talented when it comes to finding creative solutions in your relationship. Your Aquarius may be a bit headstrong at moments, but they'll also tend to look for the bright side in times of trouble. In the bedroom, you'll likely find the Water Bearer both discrete and cautious. An Aquarian will ordinarily make sure that all areas of your relationship are strong before plunging into sex. Overall, Aquarians are solid, unwavering partners and complex people. So, it may take you a little extra time to get to know your Aquarian match, but it's apt to be well worth the wait.

 skippysTd : Scorpio You skip the kiss and get to straight to whatever comes next for you. frack698 : whatthehellkindohoorospscopeisthat?myspacebarisntworking

 Since we are talking about anniversaries..... July 19th will be the THREE YEAR, thats right THREE YEAR anniversary of the day harrison and i first went out. WEIRD HUH?!!?!!?!?!?!!!! three fucking years!!! its a long time. but its going to be weirder in the future when i can say 10 YEARS and then 25 YEARS. ahhhhhh!!! life is coming for me.

 hey sarah hes trying to play tennis and rollerblade with one leg and a crutch on jackass right now. oh dave england.

 dude. just stop. i dont know.

 i dont care if i wasnt going out with her when you tried this shit, but youre still an asshole for trying it. shes too good for you just like another person that i know. i think you know who im talking about. youd never ever have a fucking chance with her. you dont deserve to be with either one of them. stick with what youve got now. youre perfect for each other.

 well its july 15th and my 6th month with melissa! woo hoo shes (still) amazing

 "I change by not changing at all."

 i smell like cheap marshalls perfume.

 best one yet "Rob, top five musical crimes perpetuated by Stevie Wonder in the 80s and 90s? Go...sub-question...is it in fact unfair to criticize a formerly great artist for his latter day sins, is it better to burn out or fade away?" ohhhh barry

 "We're no longer called Sonic Death Monkey. We're on the verge of becoming Kathleen Turner Overdrive, but just for tonight, we are Barry Jive and his Uptown Five."

 "What came first, the music or the misery? People worry about kids playing with guns, or watching violent videos, that some sort of culture of violence will take them over. Nobody worries about kids listening to thousands, literally thousands of songs about heartbreak, rejection, pain, misery and loss. Did I listen to pop music because I was miserable? Or was I miserable because I listened to pop music?" high fidelity is so great. so great sarah youre so right.

 Today I realized every time I see you a part of my dies.

 "I'm too tired not to be with you" High Fidelity, what a great film.

 I guess we've had our fun but it seems our fun is over now And that's all right. It's all right. Time for me to move along And after all is said and done. I'll be all right. It's all right. Tell me something that's sure to break my heart cause everything's my fault. And I know I deserve to be alone cause everything's my fault. Here we go again unsuccessful to make amends. And that's all right. It's all right. I'm trying as hard as I can but I just can't seem to understand. And that's all right. It's all right. Tell me something that's sure to break my heart cause everything's my fault And I know I deserve to be alone cause everything's my fault. I guess it's over now your honesty has all run out And that's all right It's all right. I just can't seem to see how the hell you can make believe. And that's all right. It's all right ....Everything's my fault...

 choke choke choke

 I'm sleeping with my enemy, myself

 I took a 7 hour nap today. It was incredible.

 how dare you lie to my best friend? you cause so much fucking unnecessary drama. just stop. you need to take some time to figure out what your fucking problem is. in the mean time, dont be a fucking dick to anyone.

 "If you let me have my way, I swear I'll tear you apart. Cause it's all you can be. You're a drunk and you're scared."

 Thank you swimmers ear, because without you i wouldnt be me.

 that was the night alex got a pumpkin pie blizzard. and he went into the whole thing about applying at golberts so he could go watch the pumpkins grow in the winter. hahaha and we definitely have to do the late night movie thing again

 random memory: audrey picking me up after her spanish presenation filming. going to dairy queen with carter and the rest of carmel sutra. dropping them off at carters. late night movie at streets with audrey. i want to say two weeks notice or just married. nope nope. it was anger management as i was just recently informed. getting dropped off at 1:30. good times. good times indeed.

 every friend we ever had in common i will sever the ties sever the ties with youuuuuuuuu.

 ah uh good god. what is it good for? absolutely nothing. sing it again.

 My consumer ed is almost done, so relieving. You know what that means? CKY movie night!!! Court you need to purchase that soon.

 hey

 california is the best place ever. i miss all you guys though. please just come on a plane and stay here with me. we could walk on the beach every morning and then sit on the rocks along the coast to watch the sun set. oh man court, you are so meant for cali. tomorrow i go to san francisco and then san jose. i hope i'm not missing out on too much in good old schaumburg. audrey and steve i find myself talking about you two so much to my cousin and aunt. time to eat some artichoke, three more days. i love you

 I could be an accident but I'm still trying. That's more than I can say for him. Where is your boy tonight? I hope he is a gentleman.

 i dont know why its coming up as audrey writing my plans for not sleeping, but i wrote that. just to clarify.

 I've noticed that every day it gets harder and harder to get out of bed.

 "I've got a regular problem So my standard break from life is in order I'm having trouble making sentences I'm older but I don't feel any smarter You see I don't know what I said to you And now you're pissed at you know who And I guess I deserve it ."

 It's about time that I came clean with you I'm no longer fine, I'm no longer running smooth I though that I found myself under something new Just one more line I repeat over and over again Till I'm blue in the face with a choking regret

 i don't really feel like eating anymore.

 kris boulahantis. theres a name i havent heard in a long time. biggest crush of junior high. no doubt. hes had my heart since kindergarden/first grade oh SAA co-ed soccer. how i miss you so. oh the Gold Rush. what a horrible team name. lol

 man there are some extremely ugly expensive purses available to the general public at cheap places. or that is the general public on welfare because thats the majority of marshall's shoppers.

 i was kris boulasodflkjalksdfahsdf tonight. what are the odds?

 This is the worst life yet BURN IN HELL MARSHALLS! dear god. people- if you dont have any money, dont open a checking acount expecting your checks to go through!!! ive got one thing to say- theyre going to bounce! morons! im not going to do it more than 26 times. and you know what? the manager doesnt want to do it either. so go away and shop somewhere trashier oh yeah marshalls is the trashiest. how soon i forget.

 i have a confession to make i miss justin and gio. and more importantly, i miss warhammer and starcraft. haha.

 i'm in such a good mood right now. i love it.

 this isnt the place to explain anything remotely personal. i just wish you hadn't of done that.

 then explain...here now i want to know

 americas best colleges! man. ill jsut read that.

 You really think you know, but you have no idea. you really don't. its funny and sad when someone doesnt even ask you what happened but feels inclined to comment on it like they know the ins and outs of EVERYTHING. so really thanks for asking. i have no other comment except "Fake it like you matter- cause that's the biggest secret you have to keep"

 "this is a fuck"

 its so funny and horrible when someone hates how people do things to them but how they do the same thing or worse to others. i have no other comment except "when the fire dies down what the fuck you gonna do?"

 "look at that flourishing *****" i feel stupid writing it ha

 I am colorblind Coffee black and egg white Pull me out from inside I am ready I am taffy stuck and tongue tied Studder, shook and uptight Pull me out from inside I am ready I am fine I am covered in skin No one gets to come in Pull me out from inside I am folded and unfolded and unfolding I am colorblind Coffee black and egg white Pull me out from inside I am ready I am fine what a fantastic fantastic song anyone up for a little cruel intentions? or at least the last half hour of it?

 Lyrics to The Drama Summer We could wait for the wind to blow Or give me a look so cold...It gives me chills And ends the summer war My eyes roll Around and over and again Falling down, dizzy with sun stroke I'll be there And i'll try to identify, try to look through the gray skies in your eyes.. I'll pick up everything you left behind Cross your fingers, and pray for winter I'll be there Painting the town your favorite color. Guess i'll call or see you around....yeah Guess i'll call or see you around. Guess i'll call or see you around....yeah Guess i'll call or see you around. I'll call, or see you around. I'll call, or see you around. I'll call, or see you around. I'll call, or see you around.

 the drama summer.

 "How am I supposed to feel about the things I've done? I don't know if I should stay or turn around and run I know that I hurt you, things will never be the same The only love I ever knew, I threw it all away"

 all the "I'm sorrys" and "I miss yous" are useless. i fucked this one up long ago.

 Things always change.....thats just how it goes.

