 When it rains it pours... (just a short side note before I begin... I think this is the first time i've ever seen that quote used for actual rain. I am about to do a nice long jibba jabba about rain, when usually that quote is used just for bad circumstances. I don't have bad circumstances, i just have challenges) Rain is wonderful! For the past year or so we've been facing drought possibilities in Pa with only a few sporadic storms throughout the year. But michigan, MICHIGAN is different! Michigan has rain quite often. It really does alot to cheer me up, which is odd, seeing how rainy conditions are supposedly proven to decrease morale or whatever. (Morale is one of my favorite words) This morning I was in one of the BEST moods I've ever been in. I was enjoying myself, even though I had a test and bio and chem. Choir was cancelled, maybe that had something to do with it. But yeah, back to the rain. Not only has it been nice and rainy today, we even have a TORNADO WATCH! Isn't that GREAT? It'd be so cool if i was just sittin here doin' my homework and a tornado pulled me out the window or something. What a great way to die!

 I like squirrels. I never appreciated them until now, but that's most likely because I didn't get to see them every day. I didn't realize that such an important animal has been missing from my own backyard for so long! We need oak trees. I like to watch the squirrels with their goofy little mannerisms. Maybe someday I'd like a squirrel as a pet, though i hear they can wreak havoc on a person's home. I'll just have to give the squirrel its own little squirrely room with no breakables and lots of fake (or maybe real) trees to climb in. Wouldn't that be fun? -squirrellover839587201

 Tuesday night I had prelude class, and the speaker was a woman who had performed with urlLink Second City for many years. Being an improvisor myself encouraged me to actually try to stay awake for the presentation, which turned out to be not so difficult. I enjoyed it very much, and even got to participate and tell the whole room about how I had forgotten my toothbrush for the Youth Group road trip last summer and walked a mile or two down the road w/ Jaron to a gas station that had toothbrushes, only to find that the only color they had was PINK.... blech. It was a good story tho. But there was a very upsetting part to this presentation too. At one point, we were asked to think about an "active moment" in our lives... something that changed our perceptions forever. The example she gave was about seeing her father turn away from her mother when she tried to kiss him, and how that showed her that her parents didn't love each other. When I tried to think back upon my life, I realized that I can't remember any "active moments" in my life. Now some people would just realize that and say, "Oh well, no problem. I just have a bad memory." But to me, it seems more important than that. Aren't these active moments the things that define us as people and make our lives interesting? don't they sculpt us into the people we've become? I believe so, and therefore not being able to remember any of these "active moments" in my life is very disturbing, because I can't remember anything that makes me "me". I have no real recollections of the past. I have no foundation for discovering who I am. Who am I? who AM i? I just don't know.

 HAHA! I found a better use for this whole "blogging" thing! The Swyftx Website is now officially interactive! If you'd like to be able to post here, email me at TajisTaj@juno.com, and I'll invite you. Have a great day!

 *jeff takes dog doo, and slaps it on the outstretched tongue* jeff proclaims - how dare this young hoodlum speak unkind words about my potential kid.

 Jeff may not be jealous that u have fingernails, but i am!

 Aww! Thanks Jeff! I appreciate it! You gonna say the same stuff to your kid when it comes? hehe... You're just jealous cuz I have fingernails. *sticks out tongue*

 I'm pretty sure Jesse takes the word dork as a compliment. :)

 maybe dork is too harsh.... hmmmm naaaaaa... dork is cool.... - hes a nice dork at least love ya jesse

 jesse is a dork. hmmmm yeah... a dork. have a nice day

 BTW-ONE MONTH FROM TODAY UNTIL MY BURF-DAY! WOO HOO! You know WHY I'm woo hoo-ing? Because I'll get CAKE! I suppose I can share...

 Why are the Jehova Witnesses stalking my family? I'm afraid to go home, for fear of the little old ladies who seem to know more about my life than I do. I will not be converted! Awww, crud, does that mean I have to transfer to a different school? I cannot win! I mean, I'm naughty cuz the fortune cookies told me so, and you can't argue with fortune cookies!

 Jeff... Your posts.... they're always so.... LONG!!!! Why oh why? I don't think any of us have that much of an attention span. I definitely appreciate frequent short postings over intermittent lengthy ones. Anyone agree? -The king of .... something...

 In case any of you didn't know this already, urlLink Wint-O-Green Life Savers are awesome. Remember to bite them in front of a mirror in a dark room often, becuase it's much fun to see the results. The sparks are actually a result from energy being released when the bonds in/between sugar crystals are broken. Betcha didn't know that! -The Candy Science Guru

 Hm... tasty. I ain't dissing the kid, I just sorta worry about him... I hope he/she is a momma's boy/girl... cuz if he/she turns out like her dad... oh boy... scary thought... (another jon! ;) ) Hope you guys are all having a great week. I'm tired, it's bed time! -J to the esse

 So um yeah, any one have any suggestions on what to wear to a rave? (Preferably something I may already have in my closet, aka. I do not have giant pants!) -Kelly

 But he's been 10 for like 15 years!!! Does he or bert have a mom there? I've never seen one.... maybe he's an orphan? and THAT's why he's clinging so desperately to his ducky. (which is, in fact, YELLOW, and not orange.) Maybe one of us should adopt ernie?

 I think ernie's only about 10 or so, so he's still a bit to young for girls

 Why does Ernie need a duck? Why can't he find an orange girl? I worry about that boy. -Rachel

 I think as ernie matures he will come to the realization that *REAL* ducks are the one(s)!...... Jesse my randomness and weirdness is slowly matching towards yours, i'm scared!

 Well DUH! I know that much Kairsie, but we're talking about for Ernie. Obviously, Grover is not the one for Ernie, but Ernie seems to believe that his Rubber Ducky is THE one. What if this isn't true? I think Ernie needs to expand his boundaries and explore his options. After all, there ARE other ducks in the pond!

 rubber ducky is NOT the one, everyone knows grover is the star of the show

 Heh heh heh.... I'm actually gettting tested for ADD, ADHD, and the like on February 27th. I have my suspicions!!! But other than that... we need two things on this blog: 1. A New Topic 2. More people to post I can help with the first one: What is your opinion of Economic Depression with relation to sesame street, and why is it possible that Rubber Ducky might not actually be THE one? -King of Pop (I mena soda!!!)

 i like long posts that are broken up into segments cause then for soem reason they seem shorter. and long posts give u more to read, therefore more to do, therefore u don't get as bored as quick. but yeah sometimes i have a hard time keeping with jeff's posts, but i have ADD, what's ur excuse?? - Queen of spacyness

 I know I'M quite happy! *wiggle*

 man i thought we were pass the whole rubber ducky thing. And Rachel i'm gonna miss you this weekend! Quizzing won't be the same without your sarcasim. Oh well. at least this makes for one extreamly happy person :)

 Aren't you proud of me, Jesse? See, I really do love you. Hm....So what now? Should I sing a little song for you? It goes a little something like this: Rubber ducky, you're the one.... (Crazy)

 I'd like to apologize for all the Jesse-bashing that's been taking place on Kelly and my blog. I'd just like to take this time to say that Jesse is the man! -Rachel

 "I feel officially vindicated in my view that Valentine's Day is worthwhile holiday. I went out last night, and had an absolute blast. :) " Yeah what Jesse said. You could of gone out and had that much fun any time you wanted. It does not vindicate your views on v-day just because that's the day you went out on and had fun. It could of snowed friday and your plans be postponed till saturday so neeehhhhh! (hehe i'm in a mature mood......and i also have the feeling i won't be experiancing much human contact for awhile :'( )

 And jon, you said: "I feel officially vindicated in my view that Valentine's Day is worthwhile holiday. I went out last night, and had an absolute blast. :) " does this mean you don't have fun on any day other than valentine's day? Why are you restricting your fun to Valentine's day?

 If you girls don't quit your jabbering about fashion and such, ie. "What should I wear to....", I'm going to have to utilize my administrator abilities and start censoring and such. I can do that y'know, cuz i'm "special." Also, I don't know if i want to continue to allow Kelly and Rachel to write here if they keep bashing me on their blog! I tried, I really did, so leave me be! As for walk-type stuff... I am, as always, in a very confusing place. But according to the speaker at LOFT last night (aren't you proud of me? I went to LOFT!) we're destined to ALWAYS be in a confusing place. Isn't that so dern hopeful?? heh heh. Something else I realized is that I've always had a thing against allowing myself to be "spiritually rejuvenated" through sporadic religious activities such as LOFT or Creation or any other thing that has group worship time or an altar call because those sorts of things make it all seem fake and short-term. You get a spiritual high at one, and then a few weeks/months later you realize how crappy you've been doing recently and go to another even for your "God fix." Because of this philosophy, and the idea that this type of fakeness is bad, I've avoided allowing such things to affect me much. But I was wondering what it would be like if I went to/ had such events daily, and thus it wasn't such a sporadic thing and it might not just be about the spiritual high. My worry would be that I would become dependent on them, though, and wouldn't be able to handle missing such things for a week or so. Comments?

 "on to some more serious matters, what has God been doing in your lives? I feel like I dont get to talk to you guys about that very much! I'm realizing asking how your week was is good, what you did and such, but its also important to ask how the spiritual walk and such is going" I'm not sure....but i think He's teaching me patience to the point that it's almost rediculous!

 Hmm... you say that I can pull off the pink punk girl look well, and I have blonde hair, are you trying to match me up with Ernie?! I dont know, I mean Bert does have that unibrow going for him :) And Rachel, the sweater will be far too hot (and no i'm not just wearing the scarf! Thats very inappropriate). On to some more serious matters, what has God been doing in your lives? I feel like I dont get to talk to you guys about that very much! I'm realizing asking how your week was is good, what you did and such, but its also important to ask how the spiritual walk and such is going -Kelly

 1.) I know that the duck's yellow, but Ernie is orange. On second thought though, I don't think that he needs to confine himself to other orange people. He'd look good with that pink girl with blonde hair, you know the one, right? 2.) Is he really ten? Because he looks older than that. Also, I don't know about you, but I remember that I liked boys way back in preschool. 3.)I know that I'm not the only one who's wondered what's up with the Bert and Ernie living situation bit. Are they really just friends? 4.) Kelly, wear your red pants and black sweater! -Rachel

 Kelly, you can pull the pink girly punk off real good, it would look cool. as far as adopting ernie i'll pass

 urlLink And kairsie: I can't believe you made your blog even sparklier... I'm disappointed, it makes me sick to visit.... I feel seizures coming on...

 Jeff and Candi + Baby = WEIRD!!!!!! Hey Jon, do you think you should be holding baby Maria when you're sick!?!? you best get back, yo. I hope I can be as overprotective of my kids (when I have them... if i have them...) as Jeff is... Side note: I'm prolly going to Peru this summer! yay!!!

 Hey, thanks men! Kairsie, why do you think I wanted to go to Michigan so much this weekend! hehe It's funny, I was reading everyone's posts and thought "Wow, people rock!" and then I had to scold myself because it went against the theme of the day. (The theme being People Suck. You can check out my blog on why.) -Rachel

 Rachel you silly girl, you were in Michigan this past weekend so no one got to sing happy birthday to you at youth group, but don't worry, I will make sure they do this saturday :)

 Happy Birthday to Rachel! Happy Birthday to Rachel! Happy Birthday from Pineapple Girl! Happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, oh-so-very-happy birthday to Rachel!

 Well i definetly agree that i *prefer* a guy to be taller than me, being skinnier or bigger i don't really care about. But if i was to find a guy who was like perfect who was shorter than me i wouldn't be like "no he's to short"...although now that i think of it all the guys i have liked have been taller than me....and Kelly also pointed out i have a thing for younger boys, which is very odd. ::shrugs:: oh well go figure

 Speaking of liking and dateless-loserdom... We were discussing how girls don't like to date guys shorter or skinnier than they are. Are guys like that, must date a girl thinner and shorter? Or do guys just not care? From our experience they don't seem to care nearly as much. Any insight? Kelly

 Pineapple Girl! I remember you! Wow! Anyway...guys, Valentine's Day is fun and crazy. You're just bitter because no one likes you. Even I like it, so if a dateless loser (lonely until we die, so unappreciated, why why why?) like me can like it, then you should too! By the by, I need to say that I'm so glad that Jesse doesn't hate me! :) I should get going. I hope everyone has a happy National Rachel Day! -Rachel

 Hmm... Warm and fuzzy feeling... wasn't that a urlLink Fleming and John urlLink song ? They rock.

 My sister is a pineapple.... O.o ?

 Wow, Jon. I'm impressed. Huzzah for you with all this pro-Valentine's Day discourse! If I would have expected an anti-V-day attitude from anyone, I must admit, it would be you. :) Just goes to show how people aren't always what they seem. Just for the record: I thoroughly enjoy Valentine's Day, but concur that you should demonstrate your love for the amazing people God has placed in your life daily. Still.... it's fun to do extra-special lovingish things once a year on a special day designed for extra-special lovingish things! So the official (official as far as I'm concerned, anyway, and that should be official enough for the rest of you--after all, I AM Pineapple Girl, you know!)....what was I saying? Oh yeah, the official verdict is that Valentine's Day is good. There you go. Now don't we all just feel wonderfully warm and fuzzy inside? Yeah, I thought so.

 "Jesse and Kairsie both hate Valentine's Day, so they could get married and spend every February 14th doing something morbid!" nope, sorry. As much as i love Jesse and all i'll have to veto that idea. And of corse church on Sundays isn't bad cause your worshipping God who is like a gazillion times more important than some lame holiday. "Go Jon with his mad match-making abilites... " If you really have mad match making skills, you know better places where they're needed/wanted than between me and Jesse....and NO not who your thinking off the top of your head. In conclusion Melody rocks! Cause she quizzed out

 I never post on here. I know. This whole Valentine's Day thing reminds me of urlLink Tastyfresh before they took the "Spiritual" section down. heh. I guess all I can say is that I hope you anti-Valentine's Day people find spouses that share your views, or else you might just have to change your ways. Either that or sleep on the couch once a year. :) Oooo! Ooooo! I just had a great brainstorm! Jesse and Kairsie both hate Valentine's Day, so they could get married and spend every February 14th doing something morbid! I'm, like, a Cupid for the 21st centruy. Go Jon with his mad match-making abilites... heh. Just kidding. Anyways, I do believe that every day you should show your significant other how much you care about them. People's actions will have to speak for themselves in terms of that. However, you should also worship God every day, so is church on Sunday mornings bad? No, of course it's not. That's ridiculous. So what makes it different? Nothing, really.

 This poor genie is going to have a complex! :) I think it's time for a new subject (and since I think that, everybody should follow suit, of course): Life is so much more beautiful when it's NOT 5:30AM!!!! I've been trying to determine over the past few years if I am a night person or a morning person. Seems like an easy determination, doesn't it? Well, those of you who know me well know that I'm not so good at the whole 'making-decisions' thing. You also know that I am an obsessive list-maker. (I make lists of things I've already done, just so I can cross them off and feel productive! Isn't that sad?) So here's my list: Reasons Amanda might be a morning person: 1. IF I get my butt outa bed before 9 am, I don't experience that morning grogginess that I see in a lot of my friends and family. 2. Once again IF I get up, I do the have the ability to get lots of things done and within that first hour or two, and then I feel mega-productive (go me!) 3. Even if I try, it's an extremely rare occasion that I would sleep past 9:30 or 10. Reasons Amanda might be a night person: 1. I really do come alive at 7pm. That is, of course, if I didn't get up 2 hours before daylight that morning. 2. I can be working on a project or reading a book and have no problem working/reading until 4am. The problem comes when I have to get up early the next morning. But as for that night...just call me energizer bunny. 3. If I have to get up early in the morning, it's not a simple "go to bed one hour earlier to get up one hour earlier." It's more like, "go to bed at least 2 hours earlier to make up that pathetic one hour in the morning when it's dark and dreary and who wants to get up at that time, anyway!!!!" What is the point of this ranting on and on on Jesse's blog? Well, the exciting part is that I've finally realized that I am DEFINITELY (spelled with an 'i', not an 'a'...sorry I had to say it) a night person! So, this morning when I woke up to the sun shining in my window, I realized how beautifully, amazingly wonderful that is! So.... HOORAY FOR NOT WAKING UP AT 5AM!!! Here comes the new discussion part: How about you? Are you a night owl or an early bird? (And if you're annoyed at me because you've read this whole entry and think it's totally lame and competely rude of me to have taken up so much space...sorry,....kinda)

 can i just tell you all that everything here in England is soooooo FREAKIN expensive!!! AHHHH!!!

 I guess just this once, kairsie. It'll disappear soon, and if i end up hating it, i'll delete it ;) be discerning though!

 "i just would like to make it known to all you random=good http://swyftx2.blogspot.com/ people that i wanna be apart of that business as well.... i mean i wanna fight about the genie"- Shauna my voice may not be the loudest in the crowd but........wait........never mind. My voice *IS* the loudest. hey jesse would you mind if I put a html code in a post to play music?

 hehehe I'm glad you like my new background. Debra likes it to. But to the dissapointment of you all (except for alex) the genie is staying.

 urlLink Kairsie's site Kairsie, the new background is BEAUTIFUL. I love it. You still need to get rid of the prostitu....uhm... genie though.

 I'm really glad you ladies could join us! I loves you both!

 YES!!! the coach picked me too!! i get to play!! thanks guys!!! :)

 yay!! it worked!! i tried like 4 times to join this blog... and it finally worked! so, now i can join in the discussion! too bad i don't have anything to say right now. :) don't worry, i will...

 *stretches truth*

 Kairsie: "But seriously that's what genie's wear" oh really? when's the last time you've MET a genie? I used to be a genie, and that's DEFINITELY not what I wore. So how can you say you know, huh?

 ok seriously guys this is obsurd. It's a DOLL! a cartoon! And i personaly see nothing wrong with bikinis. But seriously that's what genie's wear, and it doesn't make her a "skank girl" And i'm sorry but i'm not that strict on dress apparel. ::shrugs:: i've just never really been convicted of it. there's a time and place where it certainly is not appropriate but a little cartoon on a blog as far as i can see doesn't hurt anyone

 I vote for calling the Genie "Shorty B. Ho," the 3 most common dysphemisms for "woman" in the hip-hop language. (Now... you may be asking yourself... urlLink what the freakin' heck is a dysphemism? Well, look no further my friend. Your search can end urlLink here . You also may be asking yourself what Shorty's middle name is. You'll just have to figure that out for yourself. This is a PG rated blog.)

 Yeah, but bikinis are gross too. Maybe you can find a genie that's wearing a nice big sweatshirt or something. Or at least give skank girl a name so that we don't need to keep calling her "the genie". -Rachel

 Kelly and I had this talk already and I am *NOT* taking the genie off. I like her, and so what if her tummy shows? It's nothing worse than wearing a bikini.

 Oh, and Kairsie, your blog is much more... anti-seizure causing now... good job.. Now if only we could do something about that genie.....

 Good job for clearing that up Jon... I THOUGHT you had more sense than to sicken a baby... hmm... i don't think that worked, but oh well... I'm sad that I have to miss so much quizzing... I think I might get to see one night, though, so that's cool!

 Roger is an excellent name for a plant. It just rolls off the tongue...."Good morning, Roger! How are you this morning, Roger? My, aren't you looking green and lovely today, Roger!" And when your plant dies (as mine always do- what can I say, I just have a way with foliage), you can just blame it on the name. "Well, Roger realized that his name was, in fact, Roger, and it pushed him over the edge. Poor Roger committed plant suicide. He just couldn't face the reality of his pathetic existence." Plants appreciate eulogies, by the way. So, when your plant passes, be sure to give him (or her) a proper eulogy. It just wouldn't be right if you didn't. It's not like he could give it himself. I mean...you can't give a eulogy if you're dead. Only receive them. It's a shame, really.

 You should name it either Snookums or CuppyCake, after this song! teehee... Well guys, i guess this is my last post here til i go home... I'm excited! wooooooooo! Don't be too heartbroken by the lack of posts during spring break. :*(

 guys, what should i name my new plant!?!

 Kairsie... the colors.... WHY? can't you just be satisfied with plain old READABLE type? we dont need a "glow" on all your blogs, yknow ;) . Quality over Quantity, my dear. (in this case, quantity referring to the number of psycho effects to your text...) A different color once in a while, sure, that's fine. But GLOWING? it's just plain annoying to read!!! oh well, rant off. since some of you want to see where that song came from, you can visit it urlLink HERE btw, check my site for some pretty pictures!!! tee hee hee...

 No..... but I always wanted to be like Sabrina or Samantha, either twitch my nose or point my finger and *poof* everything is done. I do however think snow should be a different color every time it falls.

 did you ever wish your chocolate cake had a remote control?

 Why can't I hear the music when I'm at the site? Now I hear it, but not when I visited the site, hmm. Where is this(the music) from anyway? It's not going very well w/ my Nicolai Rimisky Korsekoff. I've developed a great liking to this CD.

 Ruthie! That's what you need to do for your birthday, you need to have a little girl party. The kind you had when you were 7. And someone needs to buy you a Barbie (as much as i HATE barbie) ......When is your birthday anyways?

 jesse, i love this song! :) in fact, i went back in a couple times just to hear it again! i want someone to sing to me that i'm their "cup-y-cake gumdrop, sniggums (whatever she says there)..." lol

 By the way, kristen, you did spell Cutco right ;) . But I don't think the knife would help you unless you locked your alien in the pantry first. I have another suggestion, but I'll refrain from posting it for fear of ruining the movie for someone. Never mind, I'll ruin it anyway: SOILENT GREEN IS PEOPLE!!! oh wait, wrong movie... oh well.

 I don't know why the site wasn't working correctly... and Kairsie: my song was better than yours anyway! So it's back again ;) .

 No you see that was *NOT* the song I picked. Jesse changed my code. I had POD's boom which i will now post again!

 Dude, what's up? I can't get to http://swyftx2.blogspot.com/ Maybe that means I should go do laundry. I hate when that happens. :) BTW- Fun song, Kairsie! Where ever did you find it?

 messin around a bit... fun fun!

 SCORE! the music site is back on so my music on my blog works again, yea! SO now for your listening pleasure........:)

 To the whole freedom fries thing, America is a freakin moron. To Ruthie, I think you need to go to Walmart or Toys-R-Us or something and just act up till you get kicked out. Actually I think you should skateboard in a mall till you get kicked out, but I don't know if you have enough time to learn to skateboard :)

 Yeah, but the really great thing about changing the name of French Fries is the fact that they're not from France. They're called French Fries because of the way they're cut. Kairsie-You didn't know that cod was fish? Have you never seen Peter Pan?!! "Hook is a cod fish!!" -Rachel

 So about the whole French thing... ( urlLink changing things like French Fries to "Freedom" Fries ). I'm all about some "Freedom" kissing to celebrate. hehe. Just kidding. But if you think about, it's even more retarded than it seems on the surface (doesn't seem possible, given how retarded it first appears). In WWII, when we changed things like sauerkraut to "liberty cabbage," it almost made sense. Germany was "the enemy." (In hindsight, those actions, too, look retarded.) But when you look at this, France is our ally , in NATO with us, blah blah blah. We're not going to war with France, so why should we rename their products? Freakin' idiots in Congress. My goodness.

 Speaking of Lottie, Shauna, they had strawberry banana soft frozen yogurt-it was so good! Ruth, I think you should swim across the Horning's pond, you could pretend you're in the polar bear club.

 ok, so most of you know of my tradition: every birthday of my adult life i do something crazy, silly, off the wall... to stay young at heart! :) i'm open to suggestions for this year.

 Note to Kairsie: Cod is a type of fish, it's white, and it pretty much tastes like fish.

 Amanda, England says hi back and that it misses you as well!! and yes, we must definately hang out when i get back, i look forward to it! :) Kristen, yay welcome, and yes i quite remember the days of Lottie and its chicken, chicken, chicken, and cod (cod strips, cod nuggets, grilled cod, fried cod and so on)....hehe it is funny to be reminded of it!

 Shauna- I just ventured a little trip to your blog and decided that you are way too much fun for me not to hang out with more often (when you come home, of course)! You crack me up! Tell England I said hi and I miss it.

 Ok. Here's the deleted post cliff notes: Jeff- Feel free to pick on me for posting at 9am and 2 in the afternoon. Just remember that SOME people (some being me) have to be at work BEFORE 10 am, so SOME people have to go to bed way freakin' disgustingly early in order to wake up before the stinkin' crack of dawn. Now, I realize that you may be waking up at various stages of the night and early morning recently to take care of that adorable little girl of yours, but also remember that I have no beautiful baby girl to greet me at 5stinkin30 am. :) Besides, my 9am post was celebrating the fact that it was Saturday and that I found it quite wonderful to have slept in after a thoroughly enjoyable late night. Have I ever told you my argument for becoming a seventh-day adventist? You should ask me sometime. On another not-so-random note: Alysen is a night person...er...cat. She is pounding through the house, attacking everything right now. This is her nightly routine. She's insane, which is why I love her. I'm insane, which is why people love me. :) **Sings song from Peter Pan, "I won't grow up, I won't grow up...."** As for now, it's too late for me to be up. I need to go to bed. I'm going to kick myself in the morning. Hm...kick myself....don't I know someone else who does that? :)

 AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! Public announcement: DO NOT forget that you are typing in blogger and not MS Word! Unlike Word, when you hit control-z in blogger, it does not undo the last thing that you did. Instead, IT DELETES YOUR ENTIRE POST THAT YOU JUST SPENT 10 MINUTES RANTING AND RAVING ON!!! Grrr.

 What in the world is COD? And yes I do have way to much time on my hands. Boycott claire's! they're dumb!

 Yay! I'm joining you, k? Kairsie, you have entirely too much time on your hands. Maybe I can send you one of my textbooks to read and you can sumarize it for me, how 'bout it? I haven't seen any of those movies, or wait, yes I have. I saw Signs and I thought it was a really good movie but it freaked me out and I wrote home that I wanted a butcher knife and Janelle said she'd sell me a Cutco(sp?) one. I had chicken for supper and I actually enjoyed it. Here at Lottie we have chicken, chicken, more chicken, and lots of cod. You would not believe all the different ways they come up with to make cod. It's insane.

 Yesterday I learned that it takes 375 licks to get to the tootsie roll center of a tootsie pop :)

 the only one i have seen out of them is the ring and i really liked it a lot!! very creative i thought, and yes film like other art was made to be thought about and interacted with!!

 Speaking of chicken.... I foolishly made the assumption this morning that "it is day." I was corrected by my friend Brie. In fact, the truth is that "it is chicken." Three movies that I've seen recently and want to know who else has seen it, and your opinions: 1. Signs 2. Catch Me If You Can 3. The Ring I rate them in the above order. Movies are so much different when you watch them actively and actually think about them as you watch them!

 now THIS is the stuff i expected to show up here. the random=good blog is finally fulfilling its purpose! Yes Shauna, you just might be a night-person. ;) did i mention the whole "falling asleep at 1:10am at a Rave" thing? Yeah, i'm awesome, you know it! It was the best nap of my life! I love falling asleep with kickin music rumbling me to sleep... Oh, Jeff: "3:20am - well, don't do anything I wouldn't do!" As if that were a restriction? Is there anything you wouldn't do at 3:20 am??

 swahili lesson: chicken = kuku i want a burger = nina taca baga where's the toilet? = wapi cho (rhymes with sloppy joe) good night = lala salama

 by the way, shauna, you rock thanks for the postcard. oh... and uhhhh 3:20am - well, don't do anything I wouldn't do!

 night person definately... yall know it. The craziest/funnest experiences of my life have always been after midnight. oh... and yall are duffusses - writing your blogs at like 9 in the morning and 2 in the afternoon. and since random=good and its 12:40 am did you know that chiken spelled backwards is nekihc! cool huh!

 hmmm well it is 3:20am my time here in England and i have just gotten back from spending the last 4 and half hours out dancing, do i get to be a night person, even though i have to get up at like 8:45am for class? please say yes!?! :)

 no, no, no. 7pm is just the start of it.

 oh, and "amanda": You don't really think that having energy at 7pm makes you like a night person, do you? "night people" get their energy between 11pm and 1am, not 7pm. Silly sister.... heh heh heh.

 *Note: This isn't just my blog, it's your blog too! I just play the role of editor and censorship chairperson.* As for me, I've realized I'm DEFINITELY a morning person, and I love it. Just another thing to set me apart from my peers! I can stay up late for special occasions (such as the new years party and such) but I can't do it very often. Sometimes I get grumpy and whiney, sometimes a *little* too hyper and mucho annoying. I love being able to say that my bed time is 9pm, though it's nearly impossible to get to bed that early. But it IS my goal. It helps that I can sleep through almost anything. Often there is yelling and screaming from 10pm to 1am across the hall or in my suitemates' room; I can sleep through it. I even fell asleep at the rave I went to last week! Now THAT was an awesome experience! I want to sleep at raves more often. My theory is that I've had lots of practice with falling asleep with the TV on and such. It's one of my talents, eh? The only thing I can't fall asleep to is the sound of balls bouncing. This drives me utterly nuts, especially since people in my suitemates' room love to bounce basketballs and LaCrosse balls at like 12 midnight. GRRR... oh well. In conclusion: Taj = morning person

 England Spanked Scotland in the Six Nations Rugby match today, just incase any of you wanted to know.

 ok, i have a couple things to say: 1. the flatulence filter/toot trapper is very funny. (see jeff's blog below "everyone needs one of these") 2. where the heck do you find sound affects like this one? :) and 3. how would you like to be one of the world's leading experts on flatulence?! :) Michael D. Levitt, M.D.,'s studies show that the average person has 13.6 episodes of flatulence a day." do you think that's true? umm.... on second thought you don't need to answer me! i just thought that sounded crazy! how'd ya like to do a study like that one? ok, enough on this topic. i'm gonna get some work done now.

 so i just got back from Ireland, and i need to catch up on the business here, but it is 3:45am here and i have class in the morning so i will do it tomorrow!! oh and thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!! :) i am now 22 goodnight everyone

 "You could name it "Bush" but Kairsie might come and dump it out on the sidewalk." Heck yeah I would! I think you should name your plant Mr Green. That way whenever things go wrong you could blame it on him that he did it in the conservatory with the revolver. PS the sound affect is really annoying and gross

 Let me know when you got that inkjet make-up thing working. I'm always looking to save time lost by doing useless things, like applying make up. I'm mean good grief, why'd our culture ever have to pick up the concept of make-up a couple centuries or whenever it was, and why do only women get stuck with the burden? It's screwed up if you ask me.

 maria doesnt even say excuse me... and while we are on such a touching subject, urlLink everyone needs one of these

 oh yeah... people could save time doing their makup if we could adapt an inkjet printer to just print right on their face... maybe I'll go in the basement and work on that one for a while.

 Shauna, if only you could be as cool as me... you could name yours Flour Jr. our green plant at ACTV is in an old kitchen "flour" container which has "Flour" in big letters on the front. Isn't that a cool name for a green plant? Flour - the famous ACTV plant (that is thirsty as we speak.) another fun name would be "Leif" except it would only be funny if he had a name tag... and so you wouldnt have to spell it out for people. You could name it "Bush" but Kairsie might come and dump it out on the sidewalk. of course you may not want it to be a boy... since then you might be ashamed to undress in front of him. in which case you may want to name her Rose, Daisey, Blossom, or something of that sort...

 my random thought for the day: plastic has so many uses. yeah.... plastic rocks!

 ok, so all this talk of pizza gave me a huge craving for some. and papa john's has this special right now - free cheese sticks and a large 1-topping pizza for only $9.99! so, here i am with a large pizza and an order of cheese sticks that's as big as a pizza itself, all by my lonesome. me and my cravings! :) does anybody wanna come share with me?

 hey, does anybody wanna buy pizza from me (considering it's pizza day and all)? i'm selling joe corbi's pizza kits as a FUNdraiser (without the FUN it would just be a draiser) for our missions trip to peru. i hear that joe's pizzas are yummy in the tummy. there are 3 frozen pizzas per kit, and they're real handy dandy and easy whevener you're in a hurry, or just want a quick snack. ok, i'll stop now with my cheesy (hehe) sales pitch. let me know if you want some.

 TODAY is: smile rejuvenation day proposal day pizza day children's day extraterrestrial abductions day big bird's birthday mister roger's birthday quite an interesting day, huh? :)

 weird, i'm sitting here at my desk at work, and all of a sudden i smell strawberries... mmmmm.... strawberries.... i wish i had some... posted by ruth 3:00 PM You can have my strawberries Ruthie. I have a whole pack of them in my fridge and I don't like them (yes i'm weird I know)

 YEA SHAUNA!!!!! how old are you?

 Hey, in case you guys don't know, I have a blog: www.kristenherrr.blogspot.com, come visit me.

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU! WOOOO! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU! WOOOO! HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR SHAUUUUNNNNAAAA!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!

 Going back to Jon's post about the Freedom Fries... In homeroom yesterday some people were talking about that and this one guy said "In France they're changing the name of American Cheese to Idiot Cheese." hehe.

 Random=Good War= BAD!

 And yet another theme is finished! Yay! Now I only have a critical essay to write/catch up on for English and one big project for Chemistry on Radium as well as one make-up test on balancing equations. School lasts too long. Bleh. -Rachel

 Sorry to inturrupt the conversation about plant names, but I just wanted to post at 12:59 AM in the morning. I just finished my big book report on The White . (Good book). Anyway, now Jeff can't yell at me for posting at boring times. Ugh, I have to get up in about four and a half hours! Waaaah! -An excruciatingly sleepy Rachel

 Oh! And thanks you magnificent rachel for sending me a birthday card! For the rest of you unfortunates, it reads as follows: "Kent is now eleven and still wets the bed. danny turns eight in january and is failing remedial math class. timmy, our six year old, only answers to "jessica." What a great family, huh??? I hope my kids turn out that freakish!

 I'm jealous of jaron's pennies... i don't like to pick up pennies i find on the street or ground or whatever, cuz that's kinda gross... eric does though, so he's rich, or something. Oh, and in chemistry, i do things correctly, so i don't make things blow up. But i DO like the whole burning magnesium thing... yay for going blind!

 and if I find a penny once a week for just over two whole years I can have enough to buy a cheesburger. I haven't found many lately, except last night I found FOUR. I'm getting close you guys.

 I love ya in the evenin' underneath the moo-oo-oon!

 Oh geez Kairsie! That WAS bad! haha! Everyone, I just wanted to let you know that I did something that I haven't done in a while....I blogged! On my and Kelly's blog board that is. So incase you got tired of seeing it not being updated and stopped going, you should go now! Also, thank you Candi, Jeff, Jamie, and Ruthy!!!!!! -Rachel By the by, I had 4 doughnuts today in chem class and could have eaten more, but he didn't have anymore that I liked. okay, I need a nap. bye!

 No, the flee would be ok cause if it got stuck in the watch it could hang out with the "Tick". hahahaha...yes very lame. I made something blow up in chemistry once, it was a little glass jar that held sparking things in it. I had the bunsen burner on to high. And I still got an A....haha go me

 You know what would be the most terrifying thing that could ever happen to a flea? Getting caught inside a watch somehow. You don't even care, do you.

 So that day we melted a glas tube in chemistry class. Of course thats not what was supposed to happen. But it makes sense since we used a gas burner with a 6 inch long blue flame instead of the tiny micro burner that we were supposed to use. We like to do things on a larger scale then the book says. So if it says two drops of hydrochloric acid, which would be safe, we would use maybe ten drops. Then leave the bottle open sitting on the table next to the flaming burner. Sometimes we see how dangerous this stuff is. Thats why we hide under the table when it looks like it's going to blow up.

 i love you in the morning, and in the afternoon...

 thanks Ruthy i love you too!!! :)

 skimmer-merinky-dinky-doo! skimmer-merinky-doo! i love you!..... all of you :)

 "and then I fell up the steps" Awww Jaron are you ok? Was your cat beating you up again?

 If trees could scream, would we be so cavalier about cutting them down? We might, if they screamed all the time, for no good reason. Kairsie- What are you talking about?!! Doughnuts, chocolate covered pretzels, and chocolate milk rock! (Although I think that some chocolate covered raisins would have went nicely with it.) DUDE! Tomorrow in chemistry class we each get two Dunkin' Doughnuts' doughnuts! Sweet! (Literally!) Hehe, and Jon said no more chocolate for me... :)

 and then I fell up the steps

 uhhhhhhhhh it's 6:12, Jon and I were supposed to meet Jeff in Ephrata at 6:15, I think Jon forgot about me! ::cries::

 I just wanted to have actual proof that I, Kairsie, am awake at 5:45 am (so my computer says). Dude Tim tried to poison me! Chocolate milk, chocolate covered pretzles, and chocolate doughnuts. BLAH! To much...i'm not really a chocolate person. Sweedish fish for me.....DUDE! Who from the road trip remembers that? The "sweedish fish" ninja attack?? It killed the poor frog. ::sniff::

 Woohoo!!! I'm going to throw a motor-oil and ice cream party when I get home! You're all invited! Who's excited???

 Motor oil tastes just dandy on ice cream - and it helps reduce tooth decay too

 After you eat ice cream you should drink water. They taste yummy together. Plus, as a free gift, the water helps get the sugar off your teeth before they turn yellow! Wow, I really feel like brushing my teeth now! -Rachel

 Did you know that.... If you drink a glass of milk, then eat some ice-cream the ice-cream is ok *BUT* if you eat some ice-cream, then drink a glass of milk, the milk tastes yucky

 Nevermind. I win! I found them!

 Anyone know what the 16th and 17th amendments are? I'll give you a hint, they came out in 1913. I need to know for tomorrow. -Rachel

 I guess of all my uncles, I liked Uncle Cave Man the best. We called him Uncle Cave Man because he lived in a cave and because sometimes he'd eat one of us. Later on we found out he was a bear.

 Kristen, what is your personal Blog address? you said you had one right? say hi to Messiah for me :)

 Kristen drools. Dogs like fish.

 hm...i need to get a hold of jaron. if you're reading this, jaron (or should i say "ruebey"), email me. amandamwalls@hotmail.com

 Dogs drool. I like fish

 Oh, and if Jaron wants to email me, he can get my email from the little description at the top right of this screen!!! --> Geez o man... some people hehe...

 Yeah, i was talking to nate today. He was telling me alllll about it. He's heavy into the dealing scene. He's got all the old goodies, and some new stuff I've never heard of! Anyone here ever hear of Skizzle Dizzle? yeah, me neither. But nate told me he had just gotten in a shipment of it. He even said his mom already knows! I'll bet she's in on the whole deal! I'll bet even Hannah helps out... Hoo-ray for "special" brownies!

 Puppies! Puppies! Bouncing happy puppies... Puppies! Puppies of looooove! Puppies! Puppies! Tender Fluffy Puppies! Lost Puppies I love you Love LOOOOOOVE!

 puppies are cuddly, puppies are cute. they're never nasty or mean. i'd give a home to all the lost puppies if ever one day i were queen! ::sniff sniff::

 What is with all this drug talk? Is that why Ruthie had the munchies for strawberries the other day? Has someone been dealing to her? Nate Gehman (sp?) is a dealer to, ask Krystal D. about it. Randomness for today...ever heard the song "Lord I lift your name on high" done in rap? It's on the ummmmm ::runs and looks at CD:: Normal Generation II Cd.......haha normal generation singing "Lord I life your name on high" in rap...gotta love it. Fashion tip for the day....everyone needs a pair of jeans cut at the knee and held togeather by safty pins.

 Hey! So's the kid with the locker next to mine! (He sells them cheap too, if you're intersested.) -Rachel

 Wait... Drugs? What? What are you giving to your daughter!?!?! JEFF'S A DEALER!

 Frank knew that no man had ever crossed the desert on foot and lived to tell about it. So, he decided to get back in his car and keep driving. Oh yeah, and Jaron wants to join this thingy but can't e-mail Jesse because he doesn't have his email address. -Rachel

 "England Spanked Scotland in the Six Nations Rugby match today" wow... spanking... those silly brits!

 Holy freaking mother of pearl! Today is soooooo beautiful! i hope its as nice there in pa as it is here in michigan!

 Jeff, i just looked at the new pictures of Maria, she is the cutest EVER!!! i cannot wait to meet her!!! just thought you would like to know, so you can continue being the proud dad! :)

 back in my day people didn't have all them drugs and stuff... we just went around staring at the sun hour after hour... and we liked it. -gramps

 Uh oh. Sorry, Shauna. It's your plant, not Ruth's. Still...Roger's a great name for a plant.

 Jesse- Sad that you're back at school. :*( Miss you already. Be good and have a good rest of the semester. Shauna- Happy, happy birthday to you! Ruth- I still vote for "Roger" Jeff- you crack me up Everyone- Have a great week!

 The next time I have meat and mashed potatoes, I think I'll put a very large blob of potatoes on my plate with just a little piece of meat. And if someone asks me why I didn't get more meat, I'll just say, "Oh, you mean this?" and pull out a big piece of meat from inside the blob of potatoes, where I've hidden it. Good magic trick, huh?

 You should all send me videos more often! i love it!

 When i first read that though, kairsie, I thought you were making some sort of pun about my last name hehe... Thanks sister of myne for my birthday video, and all of you who were in it! (including ruthy, who was picking her nose) SHORT HAIR!

 I haven't gotten an "official" test for ADD yet, but I'm going on April 30th, at 10am. Then we'll finally get some concrete answers around here! The tests i took in the student academic services office here showed that it is strongly likely that I'm ADD/ADHD.

 Jesse, the test said yes?

 I do, but I wasn't there ;) ;)

 i don't have ADD :)

 ummmm, wow Jaron. SO what do you call 8 or 9 people with ADD all in the same room with intruments? The Zion worship team.

 It did not look good for us. Me and my comrad Danricc were improsoned in the highest tower of the castle. Several 14 year old girls gaurded the only way out. Danricc thought for sure he could get out the window, but to what doom he would fall he did not want to find out. Then by chance an oppurtinity came, and lo! A great battle arose! One of them fell the to ground, and I was about to step over her when I was pushed from behind. A few seconds of shoving passed, and this is what I saw: Krystal was lying on the wooden steps with her head out over the step, and I was being pushed over her. I tried to hold on, but failed. I was sent tumbling down the steps head first, and Krystal after me. Yes, it hurt, but we were free.

 today is "Don't Go To Work Unless It's Fun Day"... sigh. i wish that were true. i guess i'll just have to make it fun, huh?

 Thanks, friends, for all your birthday wishes! I had a great day, and now i'm 19... Did you know I always wanted to be 19? I'll elaborate elsewhere...

 Do you know what happens when you slice a golf ball in half? Someone gets mad at you. I found this out the hard way.

 Can't the Marx Brothers be arrested and maybe even tortured for all the confusion and problems they've caused? Drat! Do I need to think of a rhyming thingy song thingy to go to that tune? Umm... Happy birthday Jesse. Would you like some tea? If you want blueberry, buy it from Nate G. Um...maybe you don't understand that...but others might...um...I'm dumb....bye.... -Rachel

 Me! Favorite Food: Tomatoes Favorite Form of Transportation: Yellow Submarine Favorite Pasttime: Celebrating birthdays! Favorite Movie Quote: How's that working out for you? what? Being clever. If you weren't an actor you'd be: an actress? Three words that best describe you: Goofy and Your Mom

 sung to the tune of happy birthday: happy birthday to you someday you might work in a zoo i won't say you look like a monkey because we're related and we bear some resemblance and that would mean that i look like one too :) I hope you have a great birthday, little brother. Sorry we're not all there to celebrate with you. I love you. (Aww...don't you love sappy mushiness!?)

 Happy birthday to you. You're 17 plus 2. Happy birthday to Jesse, la de da de da doo!

 I'll have you know I went to a Mennonite school and my parter and I had a major explosion in chemistry. It was kinda entertaining, esp as none of us died.

 As I bit into the nectarine, it had a crisp juiciness about it that was very pleasurable - until I realized it wasn't a nectarine at all, but a HUMAN HEAD!! KAIRSIE!!! I'm going to flog you! You are NOT allowed to say "sleepy haha"!! That is MINE! NO MORE FOR YOU!!!! -Rachel

 ::in british accent:: aww now don't start that again. Jaron, I had enough laughs...Rachel and her sleepy ha-ha's.... "the spark" told me i'm gonna die at the age of 64, works for me.

 LAUGH!

 found this profile on Larry the Cucumber (isn't he great?! i've discovered that i really like power tools too. especially the big buzz saws.): FAVORITE FOOD: Chicago Hot Dogs (Hold the Pickle) FAVORITE FORM OF TRANSPORTATION: Slip 'N Slide FAVORITE PASTIME: Anything involving power tools FAVORITE MOVIE QUOTE: "It happens every time, they all become blueberries!" -- from Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory IF YOU WEREN'T AN ACTOR YOU'D BE: Candy Land Champion of the World THREE WORDS THAT BEST DESCRIBE YOU: Silly, Green and Hunky

 kinda funny - after all this talk of blowing things up in chemistry (which i never got to do, cuz i went to a very small mennonite school) today we celebrate Bunsen Burner Day! it's also Tater Day, Orange and Lemon Day (i wonder why they got stuck together??) and the Eiffel Tower Anniversary (anyone wanna fly to Paris with me? it's only 198 round trip right now!!!)

 *Sings* "Somebody's birthday is tomorrow!"

 hahahah rachel is scared of potatoes! *snicker* I would like you all to know that today I wore the pants and shirt my sister got me for my birthday. They are very nice and comfy and nice. Speaking of my bday, I'm 19, and as a 19 year old I have to put away childish things. Thank you all who were in my birthday video, but you're all so immature *scoff* . pfft. Ruthy: I remember that rainbow you loved so much, i think thats the one i let my bio book get wet for. Thanks all for being so active on here!

 Yeah, we grow potatoes in our garden. Some we store in the garage and some are stored in the basement. After a while they get those really long things. I think they look like spider legs. They scare me when they look like that. -Rachel (Please don't make fun of me because I'm scared of potatoes!!)

 Mini chain saw nose clippers i think you got something there Kristen!! we could make some good money and pay back Messiah.... hmm lets talk! :)

 Maybe you should get one of those really heavy duty nose hair clippers, like the chain saw variety.

 So Jaron, are you saying there are trees in your nose?

 wow Ruthy your description describes the inside of my nose pretty close.

 yeah, so the other day becky and i found a very unique treasure in our kitchen cabinet. up on the top shelf, way back in the corner, was a bag of potatoes that was there since, um...., i can't even guess how long. the "eyes" of the potatoes had turned into long, white and pointy fingers. no, wait, that description doesn't quite do it justice, they were more like trees! probably like 10 inches long!! becky thought it was gross. i thought it was pretty cool.

 I would correct Ruth for her inaccurate statement, but I'm shunning her. Shun. However, if I were in a conversation with, say, Danricc, I might say something like: "Can you believe that Ruth girl?" And Danricc might say something like "Yeah, I know. She eats all my freakin' cheese. I mean, it's bad enough that she steals my clothes and things like that, but I can live with that. But chesse? I mean, cheese ??!!??! It's just not right!" And I might say something like, "I know, Danricc. I'm here to comfort you in your time of great lack-of-chesse. If you ever need cheese, I will drive you to WaWa and we can buy cheese. As far as that cheese-stealing surrender monkey Ruth, we should shun her." Shun.

 and yes, i think rainbows are quite fun. remember that completely amazing rainbow we saw that one day at youth group? it made me want to dance

 "stole" is such a harsh term. i prefer "shared" or "ruthy accepted the cheese that was offered to her"

 The rainbow thing wasn't part of my questions. I just did it cause I was bored. WHOA! Rachel got proven wrong. Amazing!

 Wow. I just realized this is the first time I've done something lighthearted in a long time. Thanks guys.

 Found the questions: Here are the answers, in order: Nothing No Because He could Butter Because it doesn't grow in the ground t -m t Lots and lots of rain Infinity. (OK, that one's cheating, so we'll go with a real answer - a googol, which would be the number 10 raised to the power 100, written out as the numeral 1 followed by 100 zeros.)

 Oh, and the only question I saw posted by Kairsie is, "Aren't Rainbows Fun?" That question really feels more like a statement disguised as a question, or perhaps a rhetorical question, so I didn't bother answering. (By the way, rhetorical questions are Kristel Detweiler's favorite.)

 Ruthy loves cheese so much that she steals it. From Danricc. I know because Danricc told me. And so did Ruthy. We should shun her. Shun. Welcome back Shauna! Oh, and who has flawed grammar? (Besides 3/4 of the population of Berks County...) Didn't you read the long, explanatory post I posted? (Hmm... Post I posted... is that proper grammar?)

 HELLO everyone!!! :) i am back from Belgium and Italy... all this crazy conversation is so fun to come back to!! FYI - the Colosseum and the Sistine Chapel are amazing!!! when you are in Belgium all you should eat is waffles, and you should also rent a bike!!

 Boy George! Jesse's right! it is "She and I" except for when it's "her and me" Suck that up your straw my grammatically flawed friend! (Who doesn't read this board....)

 Jaron, you're allowed to listen to creed? .....I'm still waiting for people to answer my questions posted a few posts down

 i love cheese

 I climbed into the back seat of the car, along with my sister and my mother. A few seconds later all three of us were head banging to a song by Creed. Suddenly the thought hit me. "This is odd." I was riding in my grandparents car!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 heh heh... Ruthy and Danricc are polar bears.... and i will live 9 years longer than they will.... wait, that's sad... :'(

 Things everyone should know.....or not. A cockroach will live nine days without its head before it starves to death Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour. (Do not try this at home .. maybe at work) The male praying mantis cannot copulate while its head is attached to its body. The female initiates sex by ripping the male's head off. ("Honey, I'm home. What the....") Butterflies taste with their feet. (Something I always wanted to know) Right-handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people do. (If you're ambidextrous, do you split the difference?) Elephants are the only animal that cannot jump. (OK, so that would be a good thing....) A cat's urine glows under a blacklight. (I wonder who was paid to figure that out.) An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain. (I know some people like that.) Starfish have no brains. (I know some people like that too.) Polar bears are left-handed. (Who knew...? Who cares! ) I just realized that Jon's post below states that I should be kicked. Well screw you hippie. Are n't Rai nbo ws F un?

 Just so that I may be counted among the highly literate... I, she, he, and they are always to be used as subjects . Me, her, him, and them are always to be used as objects . They would be considered predicate pronouns. The first-person pronoun (I, me) always comes last in the order. To illustrate: She and I are eating pizza. correct They are eating pizza. Her and I are eating pizza. incorrect I and she are eating pizza. incorrect I and her are eating pizza. So bad that you should be kicked if you say it. Me and her are eating pizza. See above. Them are eating pizza. See above. Repeat, because this one is really flagrant. They looked at him and me. correct They looked at he and I. incorrect They looked at he and me. incorrect They looked at I and him. Practice this phrase with me: Would you like fries with that? Make sense? I hope so. Of course, most of the participants in this discussion are Berks County natives, so it's going to be a long, uphill battle.

 Jeff, only if you live long enough to explain it...and make sure you study cave man-ish before you go back, perhaps have some carvings on a stone ready. How come no one answered my questions I posted a few days ago?!?!?! "Her and me" just sounds bad. I always say me and her, which is probably incorrect anyways but oh well. Discovery of the day.... the most unlikely people can actually be good poets. :)

 I bet a fun thing would be to go way back in time to where there was going to be an eclipse and tell the cave men, "If I have come to destroy you, may the sun be blotted out from the sky." Just then the eclipse would start, and they'd probably try to kill you or something, but then you could explain about the rotation of the moon and all, and everyone would get a good laugh.

 Kelly, you aren't from the South Side, you live on the EAST side of knollcrest... haven't we been over this already?? And rachel, I believe that saying "her and I" cuz it would be "she and I." Like in, "she and I became best of friends" or "She and I picked flowers all day long" or "She and I moshed til we dropped." Using "her and me" would be correct if you were saying something like, "They threw water balloons and her and me..." i think.

 I used to be a daffodil. I had to stop because I was prettier than all my friends, and they stopped being nice to me cuz they got jealous. They were hogging all the water from the water basin and I started to wilt. It was like I was crying on the inside. Then a bird came and pooped on one of my petals, and all my friends laughed at me, but they weren't intimidated by my overwhelming beauty because it was defiled by the poop. They shared water, and I stopped crying. But you know what the best part is?? I think the poop actually makes me more unique, and in my uniqueosity I am STILL a whole lot prettier than my friends. -Sheltenruggy (the daffodil!)

 another yuk. there is snow outside. poor daffodills :(

 yuk. i'm sick. it's times like these that i feel the need to eat healthy. so, you know that i am truly sick when i have cravings for stuff like zuchinni and squash.

 Well do you?

 So I got up to eat breakfast. I stood in the line for a few hours, and finally got my plate of food. There was a pile of white fluffy stuff on it. I began to eat it, but realized it was mashed potatos, and I HATE potatos. In my anger I stabbed it with my fork only to find out that there was a piece of meat inside!!!!!!!!!! (GASP!) It was all just a dream. Actually it wasn't even a dream I just made that up now. Do you like i WHAT THE FREAKIN HECK WAS THAT NOISE!!!!!!!!!!????????? I gotta go.

 In the first castles, I bet a common mistake was putting the torture room next to the master bedroom. Boy, you're just not going to get the good sleep that way.

 YEA!!!! I fixed it!! *cough*withjonscorrection*cough*

 Actually, from a close examination of the HTML, you simply forgot the /. You have &lt;font&gt; at the end of your post, instead of &lt;/font&gt;.

 hehe. Somebody forgot to put the &lt;/font&gt; tag at the end of their post.... Sucks to be you....

 OH NO! What did I do? It's all blue now! I didn't mean it

 Ok, so people need oxygen to live, trees give oxygen. Trees need carbon dioxide to live, humans give out carbon dioxide. But what do fish correspond with? If a man makes a comment, and no woman is around to hear him, is he still wrong? Why did God make some animals have live babies, and some have eggs? Why do mash potatoes taste so much better than regular potatoes? Why is pop-corn not a vegitable? Do you say tomatoe or tomaatoe? What exactly is raining cats and dogs? Like a down poor or hurricane type conditions or what? What is the highest number you know of?

 Slipknot does not suck!!!!

 Speaking of secular music... I'm a big fan of Christian music. At least, the good Christian music. Anything that has a positive outlook on life is most likely going to be better for you than say, Slipknot. (Who suck, by the way.) But also for the record, I listened to Siamese Dream by The Smashing Pumpkins today, and can I just say, dag! I forgot how much they rocked. It's always interesting to observe the type of music that you gravitate towards depending what type of mood youre in or what type of week youre having. For example: Jon is in a pissy mood, Jon listens to Smashing Pumpkins. And Jon feels somehow better. It's cathartic somehow, in an odd way. Speaking of odd things, why does talking in third person makes you feel more objective?

 "and for the record... a big fat diet of secular music can kill you and your faith" Well I believe that to be a matter of personal opinion and conviction. I've gone lenghty amounts of time not listening to secular music (ie cornerstone, the road trip) and I didn't see a difference due to the music. Oh and Jeff, I don't know how to use jumper cables :'(

 oh... and I posted links about the Evanescence deal on my blog. urlLink www.jeffstoltzfus.com it sucks to be a sellout! I got no respect for a band like that... what they did was totally uncool... and really screwed their label, and the whole Christian industry over. besides screwing Christ over, and sort of spitting in his face in a way. and for the record... a big fat diet of secular music can kill you and your faith.

 I think a good product would be "Baby Duck Hat". It's a fake baby duck, which you strap on top of your head. Then you go swimming underwater until you find a mommy duck and her babies, and you join them. Then, all of a sudden, you stand up out of the water and roar like Godzilla. Man, those ducks really take off! Also, Baby Duck Hat is good for parties.

 Well that's ok, cause I'm a heathen who listens to secular music all the time.::grins::

 bad news guys. I don't know if you know yet, but I'll say it anyway. Evenescence is not Christian. "What the (blank) are we [our CD] doing in Christian stores??!!" said one of the members. If this is true then it will be pulled from the shelves right away. I guess there was a big misunderstanding.

 I thought I made it quite clear that I believe it was just a fluke... (it, not me! Thanks Jesse!)

 Ruthie where are you? Are you going friday? And about the whole Feburary having 42 days, I think Kristen was under the influence. Rachel, you *KNOW* that you ment for the spating up blood and Jon's chicken were to go hand in hand. Stop trying to be sly. And I don't know if it was the chicken anyways. Elizabeth and I have been eating it al week (cause silly Jon didn't know he left a whole bag un-opened in my fridge:) ) Yuck it's rainy again.

 I'm a fluke? =(

 Wow... february has 42 days?? Why didn't anyone ever tell me?? That makes me very sad on account of the fact that the neat little trick my mommy taught me to remember how many days are in a month with my hand is flawed. My mom will be devastated! Knuckle=31 days... space= 30 days (except for february, which has 42!) Jaron: when was the last time you founding yourself spating up anything? You lose becky horning! April IS the best month! Bio majors born in april will rule the world someday! At least we'll have all the diamonds, cuz after all, they are our birthstone ;) . Rachel is a fluke. Isn't that class cestoda? I guess that's better than class turbellaria (planarians!)... once again i reiterate: bio majors will take over the world!

 Nope. Jonny was born in July. No tuberculosis here. =)

 Coughing up blood is not good. Do you have tuberculosis?

 So, Rachel, if spating up blood was from something other then Jon's chicken then why say not to vote for him right after saying you spat up blood. Obvioulsy you didn't like it, or it had some kind of connection. You cannot tell other people to vote or not vote for us. It depends on their personal opinions. And lastly I have to say that what ever month Jon was born in and June, of which I was born, are the two best months. That is unless Jon was born in June also.

 What do you call a cow that just gave birth? Decalfinated! HAHA yes very lame.

 AOL gives away 1,000 free hours for the first month to account for February, which has 42 days, and that lets the internet be on continuously for all of February, minus 8 hours. It's a pretty good deal if you ask me.

 Jon, Jon, Jon. I never lied! Show me where I lied. I think I said "Last night I spat up blood. Don't vote for Jon for best snack. =P" Two different sentences. Does it say it's your fault? You may have pointed out the fact that the chicken was probably pre-cooked if you really thought it wasn't your fault though...feeling a little guilt, are we? And, I think it was a fluke...I don't think it was allergies.

 "Becky Horning does not belong in the month of May." That makes it sound like you think we should kill her April 30th and then bring her back to life June 1st (no I didn't forget the "r" today Jon drilled it in our heads that it's incorrect to have the "r"). BTW guess what people? I finally got a freaking job!

 Becky Horning does not belong in the month of May. Her birthday's June 2, that's why she's always 2 1/2 months older than me, which means, I'll still be a teenager when she's in her twenties :)

 That, Rachel, would be considred libel . And I demand that you recant. You are lying, plain and simple, and I refuse to have my character defamed in such a way. Thank you. And Ruth, poo poo on you for telling me how I can or cannot cook when I rock. Original material, my crew, non-stop. (Just to clarify, no one got sick from the chicken. Rachel has allergies. The chicken was bangin. Best snack ZMYG ever had. Cause Jaron and I are the man. Collectively.) Why does AOL give 1,000 hours free away for a month? It doesn't make any sense. Can someone answer me that question? Thank you.

 OH, and april is better cuz it's got even AWESOMEr people like Heather young, seth, tim, myself, my mommy, my dad etc. also, ruthy's birthday is in march, and thats closer to april than may. so we win!

 I do like ice cream. I ate some yesterday. I'm not avist! I like Aves! Birds taste yummy! No, just chicken...I don't think that there are any Aves other than chickens that I like.

 rachel doesn't like chicken. rachel likes ice cream. shes avist... as in shes prejudiced against class Aves.

 yay!!! high today of 81!!!

 see, i tried to tell you jon how you have to be careful when you cook chicken. but did you listen?

 Last night I spat up blood. Don't vote for Jon for best snack. =P

 Not uhhhhh Jesse. May is way better. Has people like me, Melody, Becky Strause, Becky Horning, Jose, Danricc. May is obviously *MUCH* cooler!....actually, May is much warmer :)

 April is DEFINITELY the best month for birthdays. :)

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY JEFF!!!

 Sometimes it's hard to tell if something is actually a memory, or you just dreamed it. So I asked my boss if I called him a lying, stinking thief, or I just dreamed it, and he said I just dreamed it. Whew, that was close. *I got a new email address today. Neither of my hotmail accounts would let me write mail. My new one's with yahoo, so we'll see if it's hotmail or if it's my computer. You can email me at rdherber@yahoo.com* -Rachel

 Jaron, you scare me sometimes. ........................i'm trying really hard to be random, but I think that defeats the purpose. ::sigh:: I guess i'm just not cool enough to be random

 I think my cat is going through puberty. His meow has been really strange lately. I also tried to have a guy talk with him about girls, but he said I wouldn't understand because cats are different. Then he walked away.

 Well... now we have a whole buncha archives... I'll see what i can do about that...

 jesse, can you republish the archives... several of the most recent ones dont work.

 I have an "I'm Worth Waiting For" program tomorrow afternoon. Can you pray that the kids will be receptive and I'll remember my part? Thanks, I really think this is an important ministry.

 You know what would be really cool? If you could just click a button and change the wallpaper of an entire room like you can change the background on your desktop. Whenever you get tired of the motif, presto! A brand new room! You could choose from art or photography or cartoons! That would totally rock. I wonder if we'll have something like that 30 or 50 years from now..... I wonder if fifty years ago someone said, "You know what would be really swell? If you could just type a letter and click a button and it could go instantly to someone far, far away!"

 It is my official opinion that houses should be like ovens: self-cleaning.

 Why would Lassie be in Holland on vacation in winter? Jeff- you have a good point, but don't you think Lassie would be more likely to vacation in Holland in the spring when all the tulips are in bloom? I think that if she were to go on vacation in the winter, she'd probably go to Florida or Mexico or Australia...in which case: too bad Lassie didn't know how to surf. :)

 Too bad Lassie didn't know how to ice skate, because then if she was in Holland on vacation in winter and someone said "Lassie, go skate for help," she could do it.

 (ruthie) 1) First Grade Teacher: Miss Kaufman - I loved her! Miss Kaufman from Riverside?

 well my grandmother gave me whipped cream, but is was FROZEN. It was nasty.

 Rock For Life Report Special Edition - National Pro-life T-shirt Day Put it on for a day. Wear it for life. National Pro-life T-shirt Day is right around the corner, with just 3 days remaining until Monday, April 28! Join together with thousands of other pro-lifers to exercise your free speech rights by wearing a pro-life t-shirt to school on April 28. You have a legal right to wear a pro-life t-shirt to your public school. But if you run into any problems at your school, the Thomas More Law Center is available to assist you. Not only does Thomas More have a letter available at www.rockforlife.org that explains your legal right to wear a pro-life t-shirt to public school, but the law center is also willing to contact any public school that refuses to allow its students to wear pro-life t-shirts. We would love the opportunity to see your faces in pro-life t-shirts, so remember to take lots of pictures on T-shirt Day. We may even want to use some of your pictures for our publications and web site! Digital photos can be e-mailed to shirtday@rockforlife.org and hard copies can be mailed to: Rock For Life PO Box 1350 Stafford, VA 22555 We would also like to hear how T-shirt Day goes at your school and in your community. Please send any and all feedback to shirtday@rockforlife.org.

 vote for Pastor Robert Brookins for mayor... or tell your parents too

 all this talk of sweets, i must inform you guys that here in England they do not have Oreos. it is crazy we were watching an american TV show and they were eating Oreos and the British Kids didn't know what they were, i almost cried in sadness for them i mean to not have ever had an Oreo in milk, or better yet a double stuffed Oreo in milk, or what about those different flavored cream center Oreos... i feel sad for them, and i feel sad for me cause all this talk of them really makes me want to have some. i am gonna have to find someone to send me some Oreos (double stuffed) so that i can save these poor British University students from their cookie (or to them, biscuit) ignorence.

 Has anyone ever invented blueberry cool whip? I think that'd be really neat.

 No Rachel you are an ice-reamaholic. I dyed my hair strawberry blonde because Melody and Kitty told me to, but it came out orange. Go figure. Dangit no wi'm hungry for some ice cream, and Elizabeth bought the greatest thing today, chocolate whip cream!!! But we don't have ice cream to put it on, wahhhh!

 I'm an ice creamaholic. Someone told me the other day. That's because I only get to talk to him online and I think every single time I happen to be eating ice cream. He told me I need to get help. Maybe it's true... =( But I like ice cream!! =(

 First off, I'd like to clarify that I gave up licking people for only the 2nd half of lent, and still am not licking. hmm... "hi, my name is Taj and I'm a lickaholic, but I've been dry for almost one month." As for the candy, I haven't given myself the chance to crave candy, since I've been gorging myself on it alot :) not because i want to, but just because I can. I should probably stop though, so I will. I'll minimize my candy intake, and report back about cravings and such. Does anyone want to send me some almonds? they are REALLY healthy, and i would love it if someone sent me some ;) ;) ;) .

 Rubarb pie, in the summer. Rubarb pie, made by my mother. Nothing better in the winter, than rubarb pie after dinner. hehe. I got Cheeses today! =)

 It's cold out. I quit! And I still want some cheese cake!

 all this talk about cheesecakes, and i didn't get any. :( sniff. sniff. my boss forgot that it was secretary/administrator assistant's day.... oh well, i just started going to the gym, so cheesecakes probably not the best thing for me now anyway. today is Plumber's Day and Pig in a Blanket Day, in case anyone cares. i'm curious jesse, do you have this major craving for candy now, or did it go away after all this time?

 Oh yeah, I didn't have any cheese cake, but I ate strawberry cheesecake yogurt. Does that count?

 Wait, I thought Jesse gave up candy. hehe. I didn't realize that they were interchangeable!! =)

 Jesse, lent is over! That means you can fulfill your oral fixation needs by licking people again... Oops, perhaps I shouldn't have reminded you Kelly

 Yeah, it's bad here at actv with chewing on stuff. Jeff Jon and I all have the habit on chewing on pens, and then we share all the pens, bad stuff.

 Did you know that people that chew on their pens/pencils (writing utensils...) are more likely to make good secretaries? i mean admistrative professionals? that means that I would make an AWESOME admin professional, cuz all of my pens are chewed up, and even my highlighter is badly misshapen from my oral fixations!

 AUGH! It's cold outside again, what the freakin heck? (yeah yeah Jonathan I know that's *your* phrase) I'm an Administrative assistant, so do I get cheese cake?

 darn now I'm jealous of jon cause he's got a cheese cake.

 It is NOT Secretary's Day. There is no such thing. It is Administrative Professionals Day. Big difference. And I have 2 cheesecakes at home I think. In celebration of all the Administrative Professionals in my life, I'm going to eat one of them. That works out well.

 today is Secretary's Day AAAAaaaannnnnddd Cherry Cheesecake Day! hmmmm.... i wonder how the two of those things could fit together to make a great day for any secretary friends you may have.... :)

 While we're on the subject of jealousy, I'm jealous of Jaron cause he's more of a rocker than I could ever be. ::sigh:: I'll just half to settle for my half punk, half hippie self.....btw just in case anyone cares, works going good. Some of the people there crack me up. And I feel like I'm finally a fuctional member of society. HAHAHAHAHA me functional, that's funny. I burned myself with a curling iron ::sniff:: and I have a splinter stuck in my finger and it closed so yeah it's stuck. WAHHHHH!!!!

 No Rachel, you are very unique. And no, jesse, I am not jealous of you. I am jealous of Reese.

 Happy Cheese Day!! (Umm...Cheeses of Nazereth that is!) Wait, Jesse, I'm normal! You're not my friend? Is that what you're getting at? You hate me?! =) Have a swell day everyone!

 Kairsie, you SOOOOOO wish you could touch Reese's butt. admit it! and i certainly hope you aren't normal, cuz I don't make friends with normal people!!! except for Candi... but Jeff's weird enough for the both of them. I think Candi is the only person I know that I would classify as normal :)

 jesse, where are you today? by the way, you can give me those hot green and pink shoes! i'd love them!

 Jealous? I think a better word is disturbed. ::spins around in chair:: weeeeeeeeeeeeeee! ::spins faster and falls off, quickly climbs back up:: I am completly normal.

 I'm jealous!!

 HOOOOOORAY!!!! another FIF cd!!!! what a great thing!!!! Still sad they are breaking up though... but I think it was a good time for them to do so, since I think I might be growing out of em ;) . Good thing they go by MY schedule!!! I still got to smack reese roper's butt, and you are ALLLLL jealous!

 http://www.jesusfreakhideout.com/cdreviews/CheesesofNazareth.asp =) Tomorrow!!

 Aww, guys! Today (Well, yesterday now...April 20) is also the day of the Columbine shootings. Sad sad. I read a book when I was in 9th grade called Rachel's Tears . It was about Rachel Joy Scott and was written by both her parents. It was really good, I want to read it again. You should read it too. I lent it to someone over a year ago, and they gave it to their friend and I don't know where it is now, it never got back to me. That's okay though, hopefully it's still in circulation, it was good. Basically, what I'm saying is that you can't borrow it from me. Go buy your own.

 3 cheers for Jaron's randomness. To bring up an old topic, those who claim that April is the best month for birthdays should remember that Hitler was born in April. April 20th, to be exact, which happens to coincide with Resurrection Day this year. Speaking of Resurrection Day, I had an awesome one, and I'm going to go write about it on my blog. So go read my urlLink blog . And speaking of which months are the best, I was born in July, and that's nice because I know other cool people who were born in July. But it's not necessarily the best month. All months are created equal, so quit your arguing. Although some advantage is given to January and February, simply because cold rocks.

 most of you know that I am into music. I have a good deal to say, about what you guys are discussing, but that would not be random. Therefore I will not say anything more about it on this blog. I have some good news today. We had our thanksgiving turkey yesterday. Yes, I know it was easter. My grandmother's kinda strange. A lot of you might remember my dad explaining what we had instead of that turkey on thanksgiving.

 Ruthie, I think lady bug is a perfect name!!! It's cute but cool at the same time. And I know two good ideas to do with bessie. *hint hint wink wink* my dad once won the Luisianna durby...until the sock puppet caught him cheating

 the horse named funny cide won the kuntucky durby.

 Tu Madre esta muy gorda. El Padre de tu Padre es muy gorda.

 I officially vote Jaron as "The Man." That was freakin' hysterical. Seriously.

 Ruthy- Congratulations on your most recent automobile purchase. May she serve you well and forgive you for grinding her gears, and may her predecessor rest in peace.

 German Lesson 1 Ich mochte nicht zur schule genen. I don't want to go to school. Wer kann Chinesich schreiben? Who can write Chinese? Esse ich insekten? Do I eat insects?

 Do any of you guys know what Talkin' Faith is? Well, Jaron does....it's a TV show that ACTV produces. Well anyways, their set consists of many things like painting of flowers, and flowers on the table, and birds, and pretty vases...........................................and then there's the dead periana

 Welcome back Jon!

 ok, so i got this pretty little orange flower plant for secretary's day (a week late) and it's withering before my eyes!! what's the problem here? am i that bad to look at? ... ummm... jon, don't comment on that.

 Blah. Ugh.

 Kairsie u must read carefully what I said. I did not call u stupid. I did not even call you unsmart, which was the word I used. I said SEEMINGLY meaning that how u forgot the fifth thing that you SEEMED to lack knowledge. I was not saying that u do.

 As wonderful as technology is, sometimes it makes me sad, because when I think things in my head to say, and then I type them, and then I read what I typed, it's much less fun, because I would say it in fun way, but when you read what I typed, you're not inside my head, so you can't know how I would have said it, so..... :( (Everyone should come out with a good run-on every once in a while. It's effects are quite cleansing.)

 Ruthy- Since when do you go to the gym? Did you know I go to the gym? Maybe sometime, we could go to the gym together! :) Except that I usually go to Flying Hills, but I have a membership to Wyo, too.

 Did you know Aquila and I(Prisca) are hosting a meal in our home tonight for all the house churches of Rome?

 Yes, Jesse often confuses himself with Jesus. =P

 has anyone ever had tortilla soup? it rocks!

 "10,000 years can give you such a crick in the neck!" (~the genie from aladdin after coming out of the lamp) .... "so can aquatic classes with a pool full of old ladies!" (~a very sore ruthy after a trial class at wyomissing health club, where she was trying to use these weights under water, and felt like she had no muscles in her arms, and the 90-year old woman beside her said "don't worry you'll get them eventually!")

 Hmm... i opened up the random=good blog and the first thing i saw was "Jesus is like a mother hen." except i didn't see that, instead I saw "Jesse is like a mother hen." that was kind of odd, but i felt special anyway!

 Well I am extreamly offended. Just because I forgot one of the points does not mean I'm stupid, just absent minded

 Kairsie, you seemingly unsmart person. The Cock Heard Around the World was the other one.

 To those of you who wern't at YG yesterday, this sums up the lession. 5 things you can learn from a chicken (really deep stuff here, seriously, Jeff said so) 1. Jesus wasn't chicken to go to the cross 2. who cares? (ie. which came first the chicken or the egg?) 3. don't be cocky 4. Jesus is like a mother hen. 5. uhhhhhhhhhhhh..... well hey 4 out of 5 ain't bad... heh

 You know my aunt had an exoskeliton. She was a lobster. We used to pull on her tendons while she was asleep, and make her legs move. At the church picnic we actually had her walking across the table." Vegitales

 Jon- Regarding our conversation Friday, I think the spelling is "fwhah."

 Jesse, On your navbar, where you have your link for updates, it reads as follows: &lt;p align="center">&lt;a href="http://swyftx.blogspot.com">Updates&lt;/a>&lt;/p> This prodcues the undesirable result of loading your Blog in the navbar frame. If should read as follows &lt;p align="center">&lt;a href="http://swyftx.blogspot.com" target="mainFrame" >Updates&lt;/a>&lt;/p>

 Okay rachel, way to go with the whole "confusing your superheroes" thing. Robin was DEFINITELY not superman's sidekick. Superman lacked a sidekick, and therefore no one would have said such a thing to him. Everyone check out my new site that i have to do for my Rhetoric in Information Technology class! urlLink www.calvin.edu/~jat4/

 I am having a sleepover party and we have all these chips and candy but all my friends want is ice.

 Holy kleenex, Superman! It was right under our noses!

 It might have looked something like this!

 Double posting at one time. Wowage. Kairsie, Jaron did add on. It's just that you were confused. He was walking down the street one day, when suddenly, Superman flew up through the drain in the street. Jaron said, "Wow, Superman, sie sind wonderbar!" "Ich wei," replied Superman, with an air of superiority. "Hat dieses kleine baby einen bart?" Jaron inquired, looking at the little bundle of joy in Superman's arms. "Nein," replied Superman. "Ich hungrig." Of course. Jaron is always hungry. "Yo no tengo comida a hora." Superman is multi-lingual, but doesn't have any food. "Erinnern sie sich daran, dass ich innen 1000 doller geliehen?" That Jaron is one conniving individual. "Nein." Jaron couldn't pull a fast one by the man who's Faster-than-a-Speeding-Bullet.

 Hee. Either Kelly or Rachel is a Man. With a capital M. That's funny.

 When is Jesse going to the Galapogos Islands? That is very exciting news. Please don't get eaten by a sea turtle. Janelle saw some really big ones down there, and some other big scary looking animals, I think sea cows or something, maybe manatees. :) Barbara manatee, manatee, you are the one for me,....

 Perhaps, if I am very lucky, the feeble efforts of my lifetime will someday be noticed, and maybe, in some small way, they will be acknowledged as the greatest works of genius ever created by Man.

 added on to what?

 UNSHUN! Neither Jaron nor Ruthy shall be shunned, thus sayeth the me. shunning is just plain not nice. But hey, you could always take jaron's shoes and fill them with mustard and strategically place french fries around every nook of his room.

 GRRR you people. No one added on like I asked, Jaron killed it right away! Now Jaron shall be shunned. Shun!

 More happy happy happy news: Jesse is going to the Galapogos Islands :)

 Happy happy happy news: Kristen is going to Thailand.

 I disagree. When the parents are married the baby is so and so llama-goat, so even if the parents split(which would be tragic and very sad and we would need to pray for reconciliation) the baby would still have the last name "llama-goat."

 German lesson 3 I mean 2 Wow, Superman, sie sind wonderbar! Wow, Superman, you're wonderful! Hat dieses kleine baby einen bart? Does the little baby have a beard? Ich hungrig. I'm hungry. Erinnern sie sich daran, dass ich innen 1000 doller geliehen? Do you remember, I loaned you a $1000 dollers?

 Add on to the story: So the one day I was walking down the street when suddenly...... Jonathan, it would keep it's origional last name...that of the father's, just like people do. If the goat and llama were to seperate before the birth it would most likely have the mother's last name. And I don't think either goats or llamas worry about being liberated or whatever

 I'll never forget the time we were at the beach and we buried Uncle Joe in the sand. Boy, did we get in trouble! In fact, we got arrested. It turns out you can't bury people at the beach. Only at the cemetery.

 What will they think of next? The iLoo being developed by the MSN division of Microsoft Corp. in Britain is a standard portable toilet (a loo to the English) with a wireless keyboard and extending, height-adjustable plasma screen in front of the seat. There would also be a "Hotmail station" with waterproof keyboard and plasma screen on the outside for those waiting in line. MSN officials say they're negotiating for the manufacture of toilet paper imprinted with Web addresses that users may not have tried. "The Internet's so much a part of everyday life now that surfing on the loo was the next natural step," MSN marketing manager Tracy Blacher said. "People used to reach for a book or mag(azine) when they were on the loo, but now they'll be logging on." The device is expected to be in use at festivals this summer in Britain, the Seattle Post-Intelligencer reported Tuesday. There's no word on if, or when, the iLoo will make its way across the pond. Here's a diagram of what it would look like: http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/030506/170/3zk3j.html Interesting idea, but....um....I hope the keyboard is disinfected after every use. Ewwww. Dude, what's up with this music?

 What if the female animal in question is a liberated, feminist animal who refuses to change her name? I suppose you would have some new hybrid, hyphinated created. Llama-Goat or Goat-Llama. Confusing. And then, if the parents got divorced, whose name would the baby take?

 Jonathan, the answer to your random question depends on which is the girl and which is the guy, cause the woman always changes her last name. IE: male goat + female llama = lloat baby male llama + female goat = goama baby

 In defense of Ruthy, I would just like to say, that Gerber's are by far not the easiest plants to keep alive, particularly if kept inside in a pot. I think I've even killed some at work, so Ruthy, don't feel bad, you just need an orchid like I have. I can ignore for like at least a month at a time, and it just doesn't die, making it the perfect college plant. Every other plant I had here died, but that was because of spider mites.

 The memories of my family outings are still a source of strength to me. I remember we'd all pile into the car - I forget what kind it was - and drive and drive. I'm not sure where we'd go, but I think there were some trees there. The smell of something was strong in the air as we played whatever sport we played. I remember a bigger, older guy we called "Dad." We'd eat some stuff, or not, and then I think we went home. I guess some things never leave you. 'Manda! I remember hearing about that when it first happened! haha! How'd you like to be his wife at the funeral? "I'm so sorry about your husband. How'd he die again?" "He farted."

 this is so funny. i found it on a link from netscape to "dumb things people do" A florida man ate beans and cabbabe, then fell asleep in a poorly ventilated room. While snoozing, he emitted a large amount of methane, which he then inhaled. The concentrated cloud of toxic gas killed him. Paramedics who removed the body also had to be treated at the local hospital.

 Ruth is bad with living things. My goldfish, the Gerber daisy (oh wow, as I was writing that I realized that it was just any old daisy, but a Gerber daisy, and now I am doubly ashamed of Ruth.) Let's shun her again. Shun. Never have Ruth babysit your children. And never play her in chess. She beat me. Grrr. Random - If a goat and a llama made a baby, what would you call it? A lloat? Or a goama?

 Do you feed it? Sometimes gerber daisies are really hungry. And is it dead dead, or does it just look dead?

 the gerber daisy is dead. don't ask me how. but, i killed it.

 I agree with Jonathan that Jaron is "the man" because he came up with a great random name for our one activity "The Chickens are Out" So anyways, I tried about 7 times to log onto here, and every time it would say either my user name or password was incorrect. So I checked the caps button and it was off and I was just like "what the heck?"... then I realized I kept trying to sign in with "RireRose" which is my sign in name for basically everything else I'm apart of.

 Rachel, I could get one of those basket beds and put your name on it. I'll do that for you if you clean my house for me every week in the summer. I think it's a fair trade. I'll even give you a chewie if you do a good job and dont make a mess in the house!

 I wish outer-space guys would conquer Earth and make people their pets, because I'd like to have one of those little basket-beds with my name on it.

 So my sister told me she dyed her hair yellow. I think she meant blonde. As you can see it was already taking affect.

 Imitation ADD? Is that like imitation crab meat? :) Random Announcment: I love my brother. Explanation to Random Announcement: I woke up this morning to a gajillion IM messages! It was so cute. The best part was that he used two or three different screen names to send them! He's so adorable. :) Ruth- Where have you been, my friend?

 "One of my classmates, Brian said today 'Chocolate milk'" Leah (my little cousin)

 hey, did you guys all know that i'm related to Evil Knievel? yup. yup. he's my uncle's cousin.

 NEWSFLASH: I just got sunburned today!! you may be asking yourself why this is an important newsflash, well here's why.... i'm in England. The sun has been hiding for about a week, ah but today, yes, it came out to say hello! and it's even a bank Holiday!! yippy skippy!!!

 Jesse has imitation ADD, he's only AD.... poser!

 OH NO! This sounds like an emergency! SOMEONE NEEDS TO DO SOMETHING!!! I'm powerless to help, quailman has been trapped by the evil Calvin College.... Can anyone here cept jon spell? Kuntucky durby= kentucky derby Luisianna durby= Louisiana Derby *shakes head* ;)

 so anyone up for a smurf hunt!?! i could use one... there is no one as crazy as you guys, and i never thought i would say this but i need some more crazy in my life right now, i am over boring!! so anyone up for it?! :)

 Yes Mel, on faut souffrir d'etre belle...but if we didn't everyone else would suffer!

 As the French say, il faut souffrir d'etre belle (You must suffer to be beautiful).

 Some reactions given to Naomi's (Ruthie's sister) Mary Kay Party... Marolyn (Lyn's mommy) "Oh, this feels very smooth, I like it." Becky Strause "Wow that looks really good on you" Elizabeth "I like the smell of this" MY response "This stuff feels sticky, and this would add like an hour to my morning routine. And I feel like I have 10 extra pounds on my face"

 Help! Help!!!!! I forgot how to be random! *Quack!* Oh wait, there we go.

 Stolen amusing foreign language material: Puedo conseguir un qu qu? I Really need to learn Spanish (and do homework, but that's beside the point!)

 Once I thought about breaking into pieces and regenerating myself several times. Does that mean I don't have a brain?

 And to translate last episode - And then the crazy man looked at me. Usted da me todo su dinero! Ahora! (Give me all of your money. Now!) And then I said, Por favor, Seor, ponga su pistola en su bolsillo, y su cuchillo tambin. Yo soy Letn, y yo no tengo dinero ahora." (Please sir, put your pistol in your pocket. And your knife, also. I am Latvian, and I don't have money right now.)

 And then the crazy man looked at me. "Usted es Letn!?" And then I said, "Si, yo soy." And then the crazy man looked wildly around, as if in a state of panic. "Ay Dios mio!" Tune in next post for exiting adventures of "Jon versus The Crazy Man Who Only Speaks Poor Spainish."

 I wish I could eat eggs, so that I could have exciting omelet adventures like urlLink Jon.

 I have a nice long drive ahead of me on May 22. Guess where I'm going! ;)

 okay so i leave tomorrow to go on a weekend surfing trip to Cornwall, yes now you should all be jealous!! :) however, the water will be freezing, and it is not exactly warm here in not so sunny england anyway... oh well, in the words of weezer, "i'm goin surfin i'm going surfin, you take your car to work i'll take my board and when you're out of fuel, i'm still afloat!"

 Jon, your post is unfair to me. I can't read it. Mi espaniol es no mui bueno. Yo soy una gringa!

 Well...Being one of the bio folks here, i guess i have the responsibility to say starfish don't have brains; they have nerves though. But either way, the thought of myself breaking up into 5 pieces and regenerating the rest of my body is a little weird...Maybe that's why starfish don't have brains, they can't think about that sort of stuff Kelly

 ok, so [did you ever notice that i always start my exceptionally deep thoughts with "ok, so..." just a warning] i've been thinking about starfish. one time, my dad was snorkeling in the ocean, and he found a starfish and put it up on his raft. as it was in the sun it started breaking itself apart. my theory is that it must have known it was about to die so it started breaking itself apart in hopes that one of it's appendages would survive. i've been told that if a piece breaks off it becomes a new starfish. so, does that new starfish have the same brain as the old one? so now there are five of the same starfish swimming in the ocean. which leads me to my question... what if all the starfish in the ocean are actually the same one? this has been deep thoughts with ruthy, tune in next time to hear ruthy ask "ok, so why aren't butterflies called flutter-bys?"

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOO HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR KAIRSIE!!!!!!!!!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TOOOOOOOOOOO YOOOOOOUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!

 And then the crazy man looked at me. Usted da me todo su dinero! Ahora! And then I said, Por favor, Seor, ponga su pistola en su bolsillo, y su cuchillo tambin. Yo soy Letn, y yo no tengo dinero ahora."

 muchas gracias!

 The song goes: "little bunny Fufu hoppin through the forest, scooping up the feild mice and boppin them on the head. Down came the good fairy and she said 'Little bunny Fufu I don't wanna se you scooping up the feild mice and boppin them on the head! I'll give you 3 more chances, and if you don't stop I'm gonna turn you into a GOON!!

 isn't it little bunny fufu hoppin through the forest?

 little bunny fufu, i don't wannna see you [can someone please tell me what goes here, cuz this little song is stuck in my head, and i can't even sing it right] and boppin them on the head!

 So yeah attempt #2 to make my hair a different color. I dyed it really blonde, like Audrey Hepler blonde, and it came out a light golden brown. I quit!

 and I said howdy do there

 A message from my main man, Degryn: jesse, i can't post on you R=G page!!! it make me really really really really really really really really really upset and confused at the same time. all these questions keep popping up in my head "why can't i post, is there a fee or something", "maybe there's a special club i'm not apart of", "maybe i'm just dumb and can't find the post button", "what if everyone else can post and i can't", "maybe i need to up grade my computer", "how did the cow just over the moon anyways", "maybe i could just ask jesse to post for me". upon thinking the last one i wrote this letter. please post this for me. thanks. There ya go folks, the coolest guy ever sends his regards.

 Back to being random... Sometimes kids are so cruel to animals, especially insects. I remember one time I caught this grasshopper, and I made him wear a little straw hat that I had made. Also a little pair of denim overalls. And I made him hold this little tiny pitchfork. So guess what he looked like? What is the enemy of the grasshopper and the one thing he wouldn't want to look like? That's right, a farmer.

 Jesse, I don't know my superheroes. One time I heard someone say "holy Kleenex Batman, it was right under our noses!" I never saw any superhero movies/shows, so I didn't know whether the person made it up or not, I just thought it was funny. So...um...okay....

 AHA! I figured it out now, you have to drop the icicles on his head! Angel peguines are much cutier than ninja penguins

 And then Superman crashed through the garage door, drunk, as usual. "Ich bin wunderbar!" And Jaron, sick of Superman and his antics, replied tiredly, "Ja, Superman, sie sind wunderbar." And then Superman saw the stain on the floor. "Ay Dios mio! Das ist ein stingray!" And then drunk, linguistically mixed Superman fell over. Jaron laughed out loud. With as much sarcasm as he could muster, he tormented the incoherent Superman. "Ja, Superman... sie sind wunderbar . Und das ist ein stingray. Muy bien, Superman. Tu eres muy, muy estupido." And then Jaron ran away, leaped back over the stingray, and went to sleep.

 i love the fishes cause they're so delicious gonna go fishin' i like posting using the lab computers cause i can add the fun pound sign, like so and the Euro sign like so Muuuuahhhhhahahaha

 it was dark, which made me a bit scared to begin with. I was briskly walking through the garage when suddenly I saw a black form on the floor in front of me. The only thing I could do, since I was moving quite fast, was to jump over it. In mid air I looked upon this black form, and saw that it resmembled a sting ray. My heart began to pound in fear as I landed on the other side of it. A sting ray in the garage at my feet! As I rounded the corner I regained my whits, and pondered what just happened. I realized that the thought of a sting ray in the garage was popostrous. Looking back at it more closly it is actually a stain on the floor.

 From this moment until September, my internet activities shall be intermittent. Don't you feel sad?? *shuts down the computer* *packs the computer* *drives away*

 Why is it than when I flip though the channels the most interesting looking show is always on the spanish channel so I can't understand it?

 What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid gold baby? Maybe we'll never know.

 "Most starfish have separate sexes and spawn both sperm and eggs into the water, where fertilization and early development occur. Sometimes the mother retains the eggs on the bottom and protects them. Many starfish have the power to regenerate body parts, and in some starfish this becomes a regular means of asexual reproduction, new animals being produced from each fragment." -"Starfish," Microsoft Encarta Online Encyclopedia 2003 urlLink http://encarta.msn.com 1997-2003 Microsoft Corporation. All Rights Reserved.

 shauna, when you go surfing, every time you meet a starfish, ask it what it's name is, and i bet they'll all give you the same answer.

 How about saturday? I have off both jobs saturday.

 Ooh! Ooh! I have a dvd player! And I have an abode! I even have a com mode! What a perfect setup! :) And then, when we're done watching and analyzing Satan's favorite TV show (just kidding, Jon), we can watch My Big Fat Greek Wedding b/c there are way too many people who have not seen it! Ok, so when should we do this?

 So when's this Simpson's Party, huh? And where? I said I'd provide the food, but I never promised to provide a location. We can't really do it at my house. But if someone with a DVD player wants to volunteer their abode for an hour and a half or so, I'll bring some pizzas or something, and The Simpsons. We'll have ourselves some good old-fashioned postmodern deconstructing the metanarrative of The Simpsons. Sounds like fun.

 I want to build a jig-saw puzzle containing 42,000 pieces, and when it's finished it reads "Go Outside".

 I don't just want Jonathan's food. I seriously disagree that the Simpsons have any moral value. Yes I have watched the Simpsons and yes I laughed at it, but moral value? come on now. Smurf attack!!!! ::pokes Jesse and runs::

 So glad to know you all have gotten over your grief over not seeing me online all day every day and find time to crawl away from the dark corner in which you weep to post on here. Karaoke.... haven't done it. don't wanna. Oh yeah, simpsons suck, they're so... satanic and stuff. Time to eat jon out of house and home :-D .

 I couldn't believe it! Someone had stolen my new sled! My brand-new, all-white sled, with the runners I had painted white and the white tow-rope and my name written on the top, in white. I asked all of my so-called friends which one of them took it, but they all denied it. Finally, in the spring, right after the snow melted, the thief brought it back to where I had left it.

 "the cajun chicken pasta stuff was bangin" - Ruthie For some reason the thought of Ruthie using the word "bangin" seems really really odd to me

 christian karaoke cds? eh, karaoke.... such sadness i feel in my heart about that. ooooh, Jon i don't like the simpsons *cough cough* can i eat your food and watch you tv too! :)

 What do you guys think of these Christian karaoke cds? The bookstores are marketing them as if they are the next big thing

 i'll eat your food and watch your TV Jon

 "I think that I would challenge anyone who disapproves of the morals or theology or values of The Simpsons to get together with me sometime to watch them. I'll even give you food." (-Jon) You're on, dude.

 Gee...thanks. FYI, I'm not bored, just longing to bless you by sharing little pieces of me. :)

 i hate it when people drive on our sidewalk outside my villa, it makes me feel like i line on the freeway.

 I think Amanda is having way to much fun with this blog, either that or she's really really bored. Rejected fairy tale lines: Sleeping beauty finally awakes after 100 years, looks up at the handsome prince and says "Wow, that nightquill stuff is GREAT!"

 The verdict is out: I'm officially trendy, or so says Jesse. I started a blog. Anyone wanna join? Email me and I send you an invite. Here's another invite for you young adults: Friday @ 7. My house. Be there or be.....not there. (But being there is definitely the better of the two choices!) Bring games, your friends, and yourself. Oh, and my house is pretty munchiless, so you may want to bring some of those, too. Ladies may stay overnight if you'd like, but prepare to sleep on the floor or couches (the guestroom bed is reserved for a very special guest!).

 "Amanda is the Yentil of the group." It's so funny to read such a thing about one's self. I don't think I would have said it about myself, either, but I suppose it's true? But not because I'm an obsessed setter-upper. It's more because I want my best friend to be loved by a great guy. I just hope I'm not stepping on any toes. Oh, by the way, I think it's Yenta, but I'm not sure. You know what I love? I love being able to respond to people's blogs. I think it's great! Have you ever noticed that I say, "I love..." a lot!? My friend whom I used to work with directed my attention to that little tidbit of me. At first I thought it was something that I needed to change, that "love" should be a word reserved for the Lord and people. Then I realized that this is just a part of who I am. I tend to be passionate (Becky S. said I'm a drama queen) about much in life. I think that is one of my better qualities. You know, I could just go on and on, but this is not my blog. Maybe I do need to start one afterall. Wouldn't you all read it everyday to get your daily dose of Amanda? Ok.... so maybe no one would read it. That's ok. I still love you. Have a great Memorial Day! (By the way, when I remember the "sexy beast" line, I still laugh! That night was so much fun! I love hanging out with my friends and my bro, who I am also blessed to call my friend.)

 Meanwhile, the stingray sadly wondered why no one would play with him. He got so excited when Jaron jumped over him, thinking that finally someone would be his friend and play games....but the boy had only looked back for a fraction of a moment, then turned and ignored the stingray's very existence. Then, smack in the midst of his despair, in walked the stumbling man in tights! The stingray had realized immediately that this was not the sort of friend he was looking for, even if the man had acknowledged his presence. So he tried as hard as he could to blend in with stains on the garage floor, hoping that the smelly, drunken, babbling man would just forget about him. In the end, he had performed such an amazing camoflauge that the boy left. Poor stingray. Poor, poor stingray. No one to play with. No one to love him. Just a cold garage floor.

 remember to breathe lightening bolts again, we become fireflys

 Woofreakinhoo! 1 more day! Can you feel my joy? It's been a crazy long year and I am looking forward to the break. I was thinking I should celebrate. Who knows when or how. When I decide, I'll let "ya'll" know. :) Have a great weekend, everyone. By the way....this blog is in a sad state of affairs. It is dying. Maybe b/c Jesse doesn't have internet access right now?

 Fun ways to sing the alaphabet! A B C D E F G, this whole day is boring me. A B C D- L S D gummy bears are chasing me. A aligator B bayou C cyper tree D dew E is for everything like F frog G grass H home to you. I is for igloo J is for jupitor K kite L Log M is the moon N is for noon-time O is for otter, P the possum will be sleeping soon. Q is for quick sand that's very tricky member R rust S snake T tar that gets you sticky U is the universe V's a vine W's why X marks the spot where I love to hide. Y is the yellow bird that sings so sweet, which brings me down to Z and now my alphabet's complete.

 whoa

 That's freakin' awesome.

 Oh my goodness! You guys are not going to believe this. Ok...you know my bestest bud Rebecca (she's the "bomb diggy")? Okay, well, she's in this wedding this summer...her roommate from college is getting married. Well, the roommate's fiance' lived on the same street as the homestarrunner guys! And they're coming to the wedding, and one of them is in the wedding, she thinks! Isn't that so freakin' awesome?!

 (stomach is growling)

 ...or maybe it just needs to be postponed for a while.

 Well, guys. I'm sorry to do this, but I'm gonna need to bail on the whole Simpson's plan. Hopefully someone else has a dvd player, abode, and commode to use. Sorry.

 *cough cough* wait til shauna gets back from England to have the simpsons party, i love that show, and i also take Jon's position on the issue btw

 YEA!

 Saturday is Kristi's grad party, but I don't know what time. So maybe we could do it in the evening. I'll check. Would Saturday work for anyone else? FYI: Kairsie- Someone said something about a puzzle last night and I remembered your post and it brought me joy. :)

 Please please pray! I just talked to my financial coordinator and found out that I only have $444.00. I'm supposed to pay as much of the $1,800.00 for STAT tomorrow. Please pray that I'll get the money I need. Thank you. Have a great summer. -Rachel PS- If you want to make a contribution but don't know how, email me and I'll give you more details! My email is rdherber@yahoo.com

 Dude. I see...(said the blind man to the deaf dog). Now I understand. Well, Jonny boy, I will make sure someone calls you from now on. K? I think they all go to the diner pretty much every week, so you could probably plan on that. I hope I didn't come across jerkish. I was just picking on you. I wasn't seriously trying to be mean. Just wanted to make sure you knew that.

 Word. Actually I've been to Fusion about.... 3 times... ever. I've been to some of their events, and to 180, but I rarely go to the Bible studies. Wednesday evenings are usually very bad for me, so I don't consider myself part of the "Fusion Bible Study" circle. I would go to the 5th Street Diner, cause that's usually when I finish work, but I never know when you guys are going to be there, unless someone calls me, and usually Lyn would be the person to calll me. :)

 Silly, Jon. :) I was merely referring to your absence at Fusion this week...and last. It's an open invitation, of course. 'Specially since you've been going longer than I. Then again, Fusion is for young adults, and....at 30...I guess you don't qualify. :) Just kidding. You were missed. Here's your official invitation: hang out with us. :) Hey everyone: Let's gang up on Jeff. He went and had himself a baby. What a traitor! Just kidding, of course, Jeff. Rock on with that beautiful baby of yours. She's so stinkin' cute!

 I was strolling through the park one day; in the merry merry month of...........oh wait, I'm a little late.

 anyone else wonder why white is the collection of all colors but black is the absent of color? you musnt be talking about paint... cuz I wanted to paint my car white, and so I just took a "collection of all colors" and mixed them up - and dumped them on my car... hmmmm it doesnt really look white. hmmm

 "You are all indivduals." "Yes! We are all individuals!" And then the lone man pipes up, "I'm not!"

 jesse... attacking jon just like your sister... you guys should gang up and start a clique. maybe you could call it the "we're not like those other people" clique. and on the age issue, I gotta say, you are showing your age as well college boy. Havnt seen you around acting goofy or anything. Dont fit in with the younguns??? too goofy for you??? to YOUNG for you? hmmmmm

 amanda... what an unkind thought - trying to get everyone to gang up on someone else... I though only jr highers were that mean. and while we are on the subject, why don't you ever hang out with us anymore... are you mad at us? Do you think you are too cool?

 I'd love to talk about that, Amanda. Except I fail to see the logic of your comment. I can't really recall the last time I was invited to "hang out with all of [you]" and didn't. If memory serves me, which I think it does, I was trying to plan a Simpsons Party. It fell through. Nothing at all to do with Lyn, or "Jon think[ing] he's too cool." If you could give me something more concrete here, I'd love to talk about it. :) Oh, and white is the collection of all colors when you're talking about light (i.e. video) but black is the collection of all colors when you're talking about printed materials. Kinda weird. I don't understand color theory.

 Nope, we're not avoiding the previous topic Kairsie. Any suggestions as to why Jon does such? My guess is that he has a nasty growth on his hip that he's trying to hide. If he were to hang out with us, we might goof around with him and accidentally(wow, i cant spell that!) reveal his secret growth. Or maybe he just thinks we're too immature, because Jon believes that mature people can't have goofy fun. If that's true, I don't want to grow up. (I'm a toys or us... teen)

 ::gasps at Amanda's comment....runs and hides under bed:: So........... does anyone else wonder why white is the collection of all colors but black is the absent of color?

 Ooh. Ooh. I have another topic for conversation. Let's talk about why Jon thinks he's too cool to hang out with all of us when Lyn's not around.

 Let's talk...er...type...about all the great things about summer! I'll start. Ready? NO 5:30 MORNINGS! Rock on!

 oh, and ruthy: I can't believe you said that! one can NEVER eat too much cheese!!! You need to apologize to all the cheese you see for being so rude to it.

 This internship really is a great thing. I'm learning so much! Take yesterday for example: Yesterday I learned that one should never eat onion rings for lunch when one must wear a face mask all afternoon and smell one's own breath for hours. Yup, this internship is great!

 i think that i may eat too much cheese. yesterday, i had cheese for lunch, snack and supper. today i had cheese for lunch. hmmm... maybe that's overdoing it, even for an avid cheese lover like myself.

 Here's how to keep this blog from dying: instead of typing blogs about how the blog is dying, type something.... else. simple, eh? Just like Canada. If you really need something to discuss amongst yourselves (I'm all verklempt) you can talk about animal testing for the sake of medical research, since that's what I'm involved in. You can also talk about your favorite color gummy bears, your favorite type of M&M (peanut butter, crispy, peanut, regular, etc.), or something about cheese. I know you all love food, so go hog wild! Under and in, The internet-less freak

 Here's my funeral song (use your imagination): duh duh du-duuuh...duh du-duh du-duh du-duuuuh. Don't let it die, my friends. Quick...we need something ultra random (and interesting wouldn't hurt, too).

 This blog is so dead. Let's sing a funeral song. "Dead dead blog. Goodbye"

 so whens this new newsletter coming together? I want to see if I get any girls from my want ad. Or at least get some food out of it. You know "Want ad" is an MxPx song.

 Anyone want to come out and play on Monday or Tuesday? :) (i'll be home) -Kelly

 Kairsie thinks the blog is cute not because of the puppies, but because of Jaron's [{(BALEETED)}]. Here's a big huzzah: I shall be getting a cell phone! Too bad it took 2 deaths in the family to prove it worthwhile. :(

 ew ew ewww! This blog just got way to cute. "Blessed be the skateboarders, for they shall inherit the sidewalks"

 Jaron Weidner CO/Haycock Camping Ministries 3100 School Road Kintnersville, PA 18930 You all should send him...if he gets three in one week he has to sing infront of every one

 I like that name, sister of mine. I need to eat fish eyes. Jaron is probably having a dance party... [{(BALEETED)}] right now. YAY FOR STROBE LIGHTS!

 supposedly, when you eat fish eyes, it makes you really smart. i don't know from experience. i was too afraid to try it.

 oh. here's my blog: www.senselessamanda.blogspot.com I think I need a new name. And it needs to be pretty. Help?

 Hey. I'm not not getting along. I was just kidding about the Jon not hangin out with us thing. There is one thing I'd like to say, though, about the not going to youth group discussion. I think there's nothing wrong with someone growing out of the youth group phase, and entering a new phase. Especially if it's not just that that person is skipping fellowship altogether. Jesse goes to a young adults group. Young adults can be crazy and fun, too. :) Anyway, no more shunning and negativity. The thing about communicating via text is that there is a great deal of meaning that can be lost or misinterpreted without actually speaking the words. Let's discuss something else now, like..... good movies? Aren't we always looking for good movies? I'm a rentaholic and I like renting movies that others recommend. And then, just to make sure we don't lose our randomosity, we can talk about fish. Grandma Walls used to eat fish eyes. She said they chewed on them kinda like gummy candy or something. Ew.

 Ruthie says the most relevant thing in a while, and she gets shunned? Ne ways anyone know Jaron's mailing adress for camp?

 my parents are now "considering" a cell phone... apparently, the fact that I was paying $24 each month to call home made for a reasonable argument.

 Another thing: Being mature is not directly associated with not having fun. The problem I had was that I began to set a bad example ie. talking during highlights or not paying attention to the lesson. I consider myself to have had a leadership position in youth group (at least before I left for college), and it is my responsibility to act responsibly in that position (I wonder if I can't use that phrase...) and to set a positive example for the younger members. I was and am worried that I didn't and don't set the example that they need, and in fact counteract growth of the youngins. It is for this reason that I had made my decision. "amanda:" Had you even posted a link up on here for your blog?? I've not read it because I don't know the name. Carrie Snead: YOU HAD BETTER BRING MY BIBLE TONIGHT!!!! :) I need my planner, which resides within the Bible...

 For once I succumb to the urge: SHUN, ruth, SHUN! teehee.... Fie on you and your idealism!

 oh, and i have something else to say: can't we all just get along? seriously, if you have a problem with someone, go to the person and talk to them about it. speak the truth in love. don't post it on your blog.

 the whole point of me getting a cell phone was cuz i'm never home and people could never reach me. well, what good is a cell phone if the battery dies, and your charger is at home and you don't get home to charge it up? silly me.

 We'll just have to take your word for it, Jesse. Because between all the "lack of showing up at youth group" and all the talk of "I think the youth group brings out the immature side of me so I won't come any more," one might just get the impression that Jesse is "too old" to have fun anymore.

 Why haven't you all joined my blog? *puts on her poutiest face*

 I meant to come across as jerkish. Why? cuz I'm a JEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEOUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIUOOOOOORK! (a la Coach Z) Trust me Jeff, I've been plenty goofy. Just ask the people that are on my Peru team. I got to play in the ball pit at Ozzy's (Formerly Family Grand Prix)! I also got myself thrown into the pool at Kristi's graduation party.... well, not really... but half my clothes were thrown in the pool and I got mighty soaked. The Fusion peeps will also account for my zani-ness. Maybe if I had a cell phone, you guys could get a hold of me and beg me to add some zany to your life. On that note, if any of you happen to see my dad in the next few weeks, please do one of the phollowing: 1. If you have a cell phone, make sure you recount a story about where it was really helpful to have it (especially because you didn't have access to a pay phone) and, as a bonus, be sure to use it in front of him. 2. If you don't have a cell phone, make sure you complain about how much you probably miss out on because no one can ever get in touch with you. As you might have guessed, I'm trying to get a cell phone. I could go out and get one by myself, but that would just make my dad angry. I don't want to get one w/out his permission and blessing. I'm such a good child. Somos Monos!!!! mmm... hot chocolated ! (it's like "arrowed," but better!) Don't forget to check out my urlLink Dream (B)log I've had lots of dreams recently, and I'll try to get them all posted... *Gangs up on Jeff*

 Boys, boys, boys. Must I separate you? :) You guys crack me up. Which is good, because I needed some cracking up today.

 Or better yet, Jamie, you could buy one Geo Prism and invest the rest of the money in the Kingdom of God. hmmm....??? You do tend to get what you pay for, but sometimes what you get is more than you need. And sometimes what you pay is more than what something's worth. Not everyone is called to college. And those who are called to college aren't necessarily called to an expensive one. Some are though, and thats fine. Walk in Gods calling. Although I must say apparently your Messiah education didn't quite cost enough to teach you that if someone is reading a web page they are already at a computer, thus negating the need to run to one. (no offense intended, just couldn't resist. *grin*)

 I read this post on Lyn's blog today...since her blog is not a public one, I thought I would use this avenue to respond... Ok, Just clarify I realized my last post makes Rosedale seem like a total Hick school. My last post is true, but there are many great reasons why one should consider Rosedale. Maybe one day when I am really bored I will make a whole list of them. I loved my time at Rosedale, and I believe it is a Solid school with excellent Professors who live out their faith. There is alot of room for fun times too! And you could go 2 years and complete an Associates Degree there for half the price of one year at Messiah College! Easy, my friend, easy on urlLink Messiah ... :) I could also buy a 3 Geo Prisms for the price of one BMW. Now, before all of you run to the nearest computer to email me nasty letters, I only propose that cost is not the only factor to use when comparing educations. Just because its cheaper doesn't mean its a great deal. You tend to get what you pay for in this world, and it has been my experience that this holds true in college educations as well.

 Jonny Cash (That's what I called you when Becky and I spoke of you last night, and I decided I like it, so it will stick): Yeah, like I'm gonna buy them from you now! Just kidding. Of course, when I made my comment about V&S cheesesteaks, I meant that they're the best if ZMYG cheesesteaks aren't available. This shows quite a bit of confidence and trust on my part since I've never actually sampled a ZMYG cheesesteak. I'm sad that you had a negative V&S experience. I really love them. Maybe it was just that particular steak that sucked. Or maybe you and I just have different cheesesteak preferences, and that's ok. Actually, typical Phila. steaks don't have sauce on them. So maybe you were expecting the Phila. experience, and that's why you were so severly disappointed. Please accept my sincere apology. I meant you no harm. :)

 Booooo!!! Down with Amanda! She reccomended V&S cheesesteaks... so I had one today for lunch, and it SUCKED! Worst cheesesteak ever. And yes, the tickets need to purchased ahead of time. Buy them from me. :)

 You know who has the best cheesesteaks (which is crazy b/c they aren't even in Phila.)? V&S. Mmmmm. They put the cheese right on the roll, underneath the meat, onions, and sauce. Very tasty.

 Do cheesesteak tickets have to be purchased ahead of time?

 Yay, Shauna's back! Hey, you know what's funny? I had a dream about you being back last night! Seriously! Crazy...

 i'm BAAAAAAACCCCK

 ::gasp:: So THAT'S what I've been doing wrong! When I start drowing I'm supposed to try and swim! Man who would of thought?

 Don't forget to pray for Ruth and Jesse. They're in Peru.

 If you're ever drowning, don't forget to hold your breath. And swim. Or yell for help.

 On the highly stimulating topic of Ctrl+Alt+Delete, I found an extremely useful resource that I wanted to share with all of you. So often I want to use Ctrl+Alt+Delete, but I JUST CAN'T REMEMBER which keys I am supposed to type! I know many of you have the same problem, so I wanted to share the life saver that I have found. Before I found this page, I was lost and without hope everytime my computer crashed and I needed to use Ctrl+Alt+Delete, but thanks to Parson's Church, I can live my life with a new energy that I never knew before. Now all I need to do is zip over to the following page, and all my sadness disappears. So, do I know why we use Ctrl+Alt+Delete? No, but have those three little buttons changed my life, YES! And now they can do the same for you! urlLink Click Here to have all your questions answered!

 If you ever catch on fire, try to avoid looking in a mirror, because I bet that will really throw you into a panic.

 Jamie: Of course I know that the article is one-sided. I just figured people would jump on the chance to condemn tatooing, so I thought I'd balance it out a bit. :)

 Actually Jamie, I own 7 bandanas, I'm trying to at least get one of every color. And I do have lots of leather, my punk accessories.

 Praise God I can read this blog without looking at the new design. Blogger's user interface doesn't make me reach for my Advil and the nearest bottle of Vodka. (Kidding!) I'd write about tattoos but this is supposed to be random... so... ummm.... let's talk about.... who do you think chose the combination of Ctrl+Alt+Delete to reboot a computer? Why not r+b+c? (for Re-Boot-Computer)

 Oh, and I have one other thing to say...I know the article on tatooing was just put out there to start discussion, and not meant to be the end of the discussion, but that being said, keep this one thing in mind. The article was published by some tatoo association, and the author is probably all inked up, so I doubt you are going to have him say, "Hmm....while an avid tatooist, I believe the Bible teaches against tatooing". All I propose is this...don't go to a site called Eternal Ink and expect to get a balanced discussion of tatooing. Oh, and one more thing....just because someone says, "Lets go to the Bible and see what it has to say" does NOT mean that you should automaticly accept was was said. Thats not enough to base a decision on. There are a lot of people who "prove" a lot of WRONG ideas using the Bible. BTW....great topic for discussion.

 The next thing Kairsie is going to want is a Harly, a bandana, and lots of leather. [wink] Hey...btw, I agree with Jon....the template...it hurts.

 I want a tatoo! I wanna get the trinity symbol with the words "Jah-Jah Warrior" on my left arm

 Let's talk about tatoos. Check this out: http://www.xtat.org/Tattoos_Bible/tattoos_bible.htm

 What the crap happend to the template on this blog, man?!??!?! Oh, and my blog is urlLink http://www.jonsblog.com not urlLink http://www.joncarlson.com , which takes you to some other guy named Jon Carlson that does video production. I might be able to come out and play... like... Monday night... maybe... or Tuesday morning... but not Tuesday night. I'm going to write letters to Jaron now. :)

 I wanna come play!!!!!

 I know Kairs they are whinning babies :) *said in love* ;) Yes the company was wonderful. We played killer bunnie at richies not everyone was into it but we still had fun. Amanda you missed alsome fireworks in Philly lastnight. Where were ya hun? :Carrie

 picky picky picky

 Carrie and Becky: You should put your name after your post instead of before it, otherwise it looks like someone is actually writing something to you, not from you. Carrie: Yes, I know you love me. Ya'll can take me down if you want. I don't mind. It was great to win, but it was the marvelous company I was in that made the night. :)

 Carrie: Nope

 Becky: I hope my best buddy doesn't mind that I edit her posts for spelling.

 Carrie: I wrote the message yesterday at 7:22pm...... if you want to respond you can I've lost the mood to debate. Jon, Jeff, Candy, Becky, My Sharona, Jesse and myself played an awesome game of Killer Bunnies. Ya'll gotta play. Everyone has to Kill Amanda W bunnies though...trust me on this. ;) I really love Jesse I just had to share that; he is my hunny. :) Pray though he has some funky spots and so does Ruthie I think amanda can tell you more. PS. Amanda you know I love you. PSS. Jeff's mint tea rocks the house like what. PSSS. Maria is the prettiest little girl in the whole wide world and she has the coolest nursery.

 Seems as though Jamie was too busy to join us. Wonder if it has anything to do with what's making him so smiley? Hmmm...

 You should come to our party, Jamie, and educate yourself. Don't be so quick to judge what Jesus would or wouldn't do. Besides, if The Simpsons really is that evil, our immortal souls are in danger of the fire of hell, and the least you could do is come try to preach at us. :)

 Jamie D, you are too much! I've decided to give Jon and Shauna the opportunity to convince me that The Simpsons is a worthwhile program. We'll see....

 Jesus would not watch 'The Simpsons'

 My brother's coming home today! My brother's coming home today! (Hey, can he come to the simpson's party?) On another cheery note (wow! 2 cheery notes and it's only 9:19am! Today's gonna be a good day, I can feel it!): I saw Shauna last night! :) How fun! She's so cute! ...And she's a darn good soccer player.

 Dude, why the heck couldn't you have just posted the info on here.............DUDE! I just remembered i have vanellia ice cream waiting for me upstairs ::runs away::

 The Simpson's Party is officially on. urlLink E-mail me for more information. Better e-mail me soon, because it's happened before you know it.

 Jon: Jury duty is actually kinda fun. I had a great time. I think it's all in the combination of people you're serving with. Our tip staff guy said some juries will sit in the deliberation room and not say a word to each other during recesses. We had a great time. You can't take reading material, but I smuggled in trivial pursuit cards. :)

 Attention all "young adults": You should come to this: Come join us at New Life Bible Fellowhip in Oley for a night of fun and worship! We'll be doing some game time in the gym, or spending sometime outdoors on a nice outdoor volleyball court After a while we will gather and spend the rest of the night worshiping with a worship band or worship team, and maybe a brief testimonial. This should be a great evening to get to know each other at fusion, and a great evening for new people to find out what we are all about. Plan on attending, and bring along a friend or two! 7pm. Wednesday night. Email me for directions. amandamwalls@hotmail.com

 i went to the library today and books are good!

 Carrie or Becky.....a couple of things...first off, who am I responding to? Is it Carrie or Becky? Those of you that have shared blogs gotta remember to post who you are. Who wrote the post yesterday at 7:22pm? I will be happy to respond....

 Oh so random comment: "El tren ya ha partido, queris alquiler una bicicleta?" (Or, to translate, "The train has already gone. Would you like to hire a bicycle?"

 Not so random comment: Amanda seriously dislikes tension.

 I would so love to jump in on this debate if I had a clue as to what you're talking about.

 Jamie what did you mean by institutional racism in your blog on 6/23. Are you looking a affirmative action as a good thing or bad thing? Don't worry there is a wrong answer but you won't be drawn an quartered for it. :) I think this could be the start of a good debate....where's Jeffery our world renown Devil's Advocate.

 Jon are you patronizing me....hum? I know that anyone could read it. I just said that for added suspense that's all. I mean my parents aren't announcing it to there friends encase it doesn't work out but, you guys won't care one way so I shared. The point was prayer from my friends and as far as a stranger who reads it wouldn't care if we move or not. Now do you understand?

 *said in a soft, slow voice.* Ummm... Carrie Anne? Just for your clarification, a blog is not the best place to tell someone about something that " urlLink is soo on the down low......mum is definitely the word. " A blog.... well... it's sort of on the Internet... and that kind of means that.... well.... anyone can read it.

 Jamie D: "I had a good weekend. I am smiling today. ;-) Wouldn't you love to know why..." Dude. WHAT'S UP WITH THAT?! That was not very nice.

 Need food! Send quickly!! Hungry!! -Rachel

 Carrie: I am going to a diploma school which means I won't get any degree but, my education is awesome, one that few 4-year college can give me. But, to get my master's in Midwifery I'm going to need to spend the money to enter into a program that has what I need. No new viewpoint as you can see I just wanted to add my two cents...................Jon don't go there ;)

 This is being written offline Jesse, I find it difficult to fathom that you can somehow think that, as Christians, our only responsibility is to introduce people to Jesus. If you follow that thought process to its logical conclusion, I should carry a Bible and a Glock 9mm, and get everyone I meet saved, and then promptly put a bullet in their head, so that they can go be with Jesus. I know that everyone would agree that is ludicrous and asinine, correct? Im not saying that an inability to meet physical needs should prevent us from meeting spiritual needs, but meeting physical needs is highly important. Yes, Jesus only fed crowds twice, but he also met physical needs in other ways, and showed that having your physical needs met is important. Some examples: Matthew 12:1 At that time Jesus went through the grainfields on the Sabbath. His disciples were hungry and began to pick some heads of grain and eat them. When the Pharisees saw this, they said to him, "Look! Your disciples are doing what is unlawful on the Sabbath." He answered, "Haven't you read what David did when he and his companions were hungry? He entered the house of God, and he and his companions ate the consecrated bread--which was not lawful for them to do, but only for the priests. Why would Jesus disciples need to eat? They had Jesus, in the flesh nonetheless, so why were they picking grain? Because they were hungry . Jesus encouraged the behavior, too! Mathew 8:23 Then he got into the boat and his disciples followed him. Without warning, a furious storm came up on the lake, so that the waves swept over the boat. But Jesus was sleeping. The disciples went and woke him, saying, "Lord, save us! We're going to drown!" He replied, "You of little faith, why are you so afraid?" Then he got up and rebuked the winds and the waves, and it was completely calm. Why didnt Jesus let them drown? They had Jesus, so why would they need to be saved from a physical calamity when they had their spiritual needs met? Mark 5:21 When Jesus had again crossed over by boat to the other side of the lake, a large crowd gathered around him while he was by the lake. Then one of the synagogue rulers, named Jairus, came there. Seeing Jesus, he fell at his feet and pleaded earnestly with him, "My little daughter is dying. Please come and put your hands on her so that she will be healed and live." So Jesus went with him. A large crowd followed and pressed around him. And a woman was there who had been subject to bleeding for twelve years. She had suffered a great deal under the care of many doctors and had spent all she had, yet instead of getting better she grew worse. When she heard about Jesus, she came up behind him in the crowd and touched his cloak, because she thought, "If I just touch his clothes, I will be healed." Immediately her bleeding stopped and she felt in her body that she was freed from her suffering. At once Jesus realized that power had gone out from him. He turned around in the crowd and asked, "Who touched my clothes?" "You see the people crowding against you," his disciples answered, "and yet you can ask, `Who touched me?'" But Jesus kept looking around to see who had done it. Then the woman, knowing what had happened to her, came and fell at his feet and, trembling with fear, told him the whole truth. He said to her, "Daughter, your faith has healed you. Go in peace and be freed from your suffering." Why did Jesus heal that woman? He could have simply granted her eternal salvation and let her continue to suffer, right? Her spiritual needs would have been met. But Jesus wasnt content with that. He wanted the woman to have peace and to be freed from her suffering. He was in the process of giving life and life more abundantly. AC 4:32 All the believers were one in heart and mind. No one claimed that any of his possessions was his own, but they shared everything they had. With great power the apostles continued to testify to the resurrection of the Lord Jesus, and much grace was upon them all. There were no needy persons among them. For from time to time those who owned lands or houses sold them, brought the money from the sales and put it at the apostles' feet, and it was distributed to anyone as he had need. Did you catch that? They were testifying to the resurrection of the Lord Jesus, but look no needy persons [were] among them! Could it be that they were actually meeting peoples needs, both physical and spiritual? If you can still tell me, Jesse, that people need Jesus only, with nothing done to improve their immediate condition, Ill continue to post things like this. There is plenty more in the Bible about this.

 Twice. Twice. Jesus feeds the crowd two times in the entire Bible. So because of those two accounts, do you assume that every time Jesus taught people, he fed them as well? I don't see that recounted anywhere else in the Bible except for those two times. Jesus gave the people what they needed anywhere he went, but he didn't feed every single person he spoke to or even every person that followed Him. So we should do differently? If we can't feed the hungry, we can't make tell them what Jesus did, cuz then we're hypocrites? I don't think so. We have one need (We including me, you, all christians, all non-christians). We need the saving grace of Jesus Christ. If I don't ever breathe again, that's okay. I'll be all right in the end. If I never eat another morsel, but am saved by the only one who can do so, then "it's all gravy." You tell me I need food. I say you are quite wrong. I need nothing else, the people of the world need nothing else, you need nothing other than the saving grace of Jesus Christ. To disagree is to say that his grace is not sufficient. 2 Corinthians 12:9 - but He said to me, "My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness."

 Just to clarify: I meant for Jonny Boy to give a prostitute money, but not in exchange for her services. :)

 I'm sorry guys. There is just way too much going on this blog. I can't keep up. So i will probably not read anything on it anymore, and very rarely post. I will leave you with this. "Murder is bad and wrong. We should make a new word for it....like badong." Kungpow Don't kill people.

 Bye Kairsie....

 Hehe. Kairsie being all social activist... boycotting the discussion of social activism. lol.

 I am boycotting this blog until it returns to it's origional purpose.

 Whoo hoo! Jon's getting a prostitute! (just kidding!) But seriously, I have thought about how many little gadgets and toys that I have and don't NEED in the sense that they are essential to survival. But, these toys sometimes make me a more efficient person. Cell phone, car, laptop. I wouldn't die if I lost these, but I would be a less effective person. I own a (as Shauna would say) "million dollar bass," but I use it for ministry. I could sell all I have and give to the poor, but I haven't felt God calling me to do that. I hope if I do hear Him say that I will answer. Carrie: I don't want to get in to the whole "war" thing right now. Read my urlLink old blog archives for my opinion. You're right that welfare doesn't work, but we need something that will make a difference in these people's lives. Jesse: I have to strongly disagree with your post saying that Jesus is all people need. Yes, Jesus is the most important thing people need, but they have very real, very present, very physical needs as well. Even Jesus didn't offer Jesus without meeting people's needs. Look at urlLink Mark 8:1 . Jesus wouldn't send the crowd home without feeding them. Often Jesus' ministry centered on meeting people's physical needs. And look at James 2:14. What good is it, my brothers, if a man claims to have faith but has no deeds? Can such faith save him? Suppose a brother or sister is without clothes and daily food. If one of you says to him, "Go, I wish you well; keep warm and well fed," but does nothing about his physical needs, what good is it? In the same way, faith by itself, if it is not accompanied by action, is dead. But someone will say, "You have faith; I have deeds." Show me your faith without deeds, and I will show you my faith by what I do. You believe that there is one God. Good! Even the demons believe that--and shudder. You foolish man, do you want evidence that faith without deeds is useless? Hmmm. You said "Maybe you think that sharing the gospel with someone without providing earthly "needs" is hypocritical." Yes. I absolutely do think it's hypocritical, and the Bible teaches that it is, too.

 Jesse: Short of a miracle, people DO NEED to eat. Otherwise they die. Now, we could say, "Let's just bring them to knowledge and acceptance of Jesus's saving grace, and that's all they need, because when they die of hunger, drug overdose, etc., they'll at least go to heaven," and to an extent, that would be true. In which case, quit your job, stop eating, and for that matter, stop breathing too because you don't really need to breathe, right? I say...er...type this because I think that you misinterpreted my comment about needing to eat. My point was that we can share Jesus with the urban (and even the non-urban) poor in our country, and that is truly their primary need, but if we don't teach them a new way to live, how likely is it that anything will change? As Jon said, "I agree with Carrie that what people need is Jesus. As someone once put it, "A bowl of rice is not a substitute for the Holy Spirit," i.e. the Social Gospel without the Gospel doesn't work. But the bringing the Gospel without working towards societal change doesn't work, either. We can promise people a better life in the hereafter, but Jesus wants to see people living life "more abundantly." Living in a run down crackhouse, selling your body to buy food does not qualify as life to the full."

 Re: Jon: "You should sell your new camera and give the money to a prostitute. " My sister, do you understand what you're insinuating with that comment? heheheh *wink* And Re: "Those people need Jesus, but they also need to eat." While I'd like to be like some others and say I agree with everyone with everything they have to say, I completely disagree with this statement. You do not NEED your car. You do not NEED a house. These people do not NEED food. I'm not saying that we shouldn't try to provide these people with such things, but, in an eternal perspective (which every Christian should have), there is only ONE thing that anyone needs, and that's the saving grace of Jesus Christ. If you can't provide a single meal for someone, but can show them that God loves them anyway and thus influence them to accept JC in their hearts, then they have everything they need. Maybe you think that sharing the gospel with someone without providing earthly "needs" is hypocritical. But I say that being unable to provide earthly "necessities" for a person or group of people should never keep you from going to them and telling them what Jesus did for them. Sometimes you just don't have the resources to feed 35,378 people that need to hear the gospel. So does that mean that you don't go to those people because you can't feed that many? I had something else to say, but I haven't gotten much sleep this week and I can feel my brain faltering. I'm just donkeying about I guess. YAY! Half day of work today!!!! Thank you everyone last night for some exciting bunny-age. Keep an eye out for bunny-wear so we can start our underground bunny ring. I'm sorry Shauna and sister for popping my vein at you, and everyone for being so anal. Next time, just tell me this: "It doesn't matter in light of eternity! Get over it!" Mexican tonight possibly..... Violet bunnies today... Cute extra puppy at home... Pa-king-wow!...

 WELCOME HOME, RACHEL! :)

 Jon: You should sell your new camera and give the money to a prostitute.

 I don't think anyone has ever said that we should turn our ears away from the cries of the poor and oppressed.... Isn't that what we were saying about education (formal or not)? Wow. We need more missionaries in our country. Big time. People God has called and provided support for to work in seemingly hopeless places with people in seemingly hopeless situations. This has just reminded me how important state-side missions is. Why do so many people think that "go" means "go over the ocean?" Sad. We need help. Man, I wish I could do that...not need a paycheck. But I'm reminded, also, of how much my kids need me where I am. I'm going to miss them next year.... :(

 Jon: Re: "I'll tell you where the money is. $3.9 BILLION dollars PER MONTH to maintain a military presence in Iraq." Your comment made me think of something: Ok...not that I necessarily agree with the Iraq issue, but let's just keep in mind....what if our good friend Saddam did have WMDs, and what if we didn't invest the funds necessary to find them and to shut him down....what if we invested all that money into education, and what if he blew us all up anyway? Just a thought. Yeah, it's all about Jesus. But for right now, there are people--all over the world, not just in our nation--whose lives are, for lack of a better term because it's 1:21am, crappy. Those people need Jesus, but they also need to eat. Hm... I guess we could debate these issues for hours, days, years on end, but--really--that would have been wasted time if we're not actually doing anything. The best thing about all of this is the fact that, despite our differing proposed solutions, we're all looking for the same thing. Jon and Jamie care enough to be passionate because we're talking about lives here. I dunno...I'm kinda rambling...It's so easy to philosophize, and "politicize," but are we walking our talk? Maybe you are. Maybe you aren't. I have no idea, and I'm not the judge, anyway. My problem is that I tend to walk the fence. I wimp out when it comes to making a decision as to where exactly I stand on various issues, perhaps because making a decision would require research (I refuse to make ignorant decisions when it comes to things like these), and doing the research requires time and energy....and there will always be someone better informed than I am anyway, but that's a pathetic excuse. I guess maybe what I'm getting at is that we should let this be a challenge to each one of us to find out what we believe and why, be well-informed so as to intelligently and adequately defend our positions, and then to do more than merely speak them. Be a doer. Wow, I'm tired. (The bunnies wore me out!)

 Da da da!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm here to save the day!...........and the blog.....and the fury animal on the road. The other night some little kids beat me with pool noodles.

 How the heck did this go from the random blog to the debate blog? Jaron come save this place!!!!!!!!!

 By Carrie Jon: you've gotta see that hand-out does not benefit these people hear what I am telling you. Like your article said they are bearly getting enough to live decent. I'm not saying get rid of it but it's like putting a bandaid over a cut that weeping already until you address the infection the wound will never heal. I don't know exactly what the solution will mean and I agree love with actions is important. I didn't mean to sound like I'm saying just give them Jesus and all will be right with the world it takes more. But we have to look at this from a realistic view point quite pointing the finger and give some real solutions. And as far as the war is concerned you don' t know that God did not ordain it. There was a threat and we addressed it. God put people in authority for a reason who are you to question it. But, until you are sitting at the Head of some millions of people who are demanding justice and millions more who think your a crock then you will understand what making real decisions means. My point being it's easy for you say these things from your dark little room behind your computer screen. So we were supposed let them gain strength to attack us and beside they made it no secret how they felt about America. They think we are of the evil on the whole Christians included. I mean it's scriptural Ishmael will always be a war with his brothers. Genesis 16:11-12 And you shall call his name Ishmael, Because the LORD has given heed to your affliction. 12 "He will be a wild donkey of a man, His hand {will be} against everyone, And everyone's hand {will be} against him; And he will live to the east of all his brothers." Ok I'm done now I know this sounds like I'm hot but, I'm just passionate not mad. signed Gleeful Bunny I love debates!

 "Yes, the answer is education. But where's the money?" I'll tell you where the money is. urlLink $3.9 BILLION dollars PER MONTH to maintain a military presence in Iraq. That would fix up a good number of schools, make the student/teacher ratios more healthy, and in general improve society. I'm not trying to muddy the waters here by bringing up the whole war issue, it's a mite superfluous to this debate. BUT, the point is, the money exists. Yes we're in a recession, blah blah blah, but if we were to appropriate the funding we ALREADY have towards good uses, it would actually make a difference. But Republicans don't want to come off as soft on crime or distributing handouts. They need to learn that sometimes a "hand-up" has to first come in the form of a "hand-out." And sometimes the only way to prevent a young urban delinquent from becoming a career criminal is rehabilitation, not incarceration. Welfare doesn't work, but turning our ears away from the cries of the poor and oppressed works far less. I agree with Carrie that what people need is Jesus. As someone once put it, "A bowl of rice is not a substitute for the Holy Spirit," i.e. the Social Gospel without the Gospel doesn't work. But the bringing the Gospel without working towards societal change doesn't work, either. We can promise people a better life in the hereafter, but Jesus wants to see people living life "more abundantly." Living in a run down crackhouse, selling your body to buy food does not qualify as life to the full. The underclass in our society needs our attention. We can continue rolling up the windows of our BMWs for only so long. (welcome home, Rachel)

 I'm Home!! I'm Home!! =D -Rachel

 I Carrie applaud you all for your passion. I actually agree with Jamie in that welfare does not benefit people but cripples them in a way that few can understand. But I also agree with Jon that though welfare doesn't help it is all we've got. I agree with Jesse in though I am Republican no party corners the market on every issue this country is facing. And I agree with Amanda that alot of the problem is lack of education and money to pay those to educate. Try as we might the problem will never be fixed the man power, money, and effort it will take to pull the lower-class minority or not up by it "bootstraps" does not exist. We live in a fallen world and though these ideas look good on paper executing them is a totally different thing. That doesn't mean we should not try to choose the best political party or government representative. I believe it naive to kid ourselves in believing that man holds any of the keys it will take to make this world equal for most much less us all. That's why we evangelize because our eyes are not fixed on here but eternity. I've learned from Ruthy of all people prosperity is not necessarily what people need it's a relationship with the Most High. I grew up on welfare and even after I was saved I couldn't keep a job it was no one but the God how changed that and made me a productive person in society. I not trying to say that your argument is trite but get to the heart of the issue this country, this world, and especially our government need Christ or nothing can be accomplished. Forgive me for intruding.

 I just got off the phone with Danricc/Daniel/Degryn. I wish I wasn't working right now so I could help defend him against Ruthy and Stephanie. Sometimes working bites. But I have money in my bank account. Is it worth it? I can't tell.

 I think this argum...er....intellectual debate is fun! :) You can debate all you want, just not on my blog. :) Jesse: I'd just like to point out that the "attacking" definitely went both ways. Jon (& Jamie): So if everything sucks so much, what's the solution? It's so easy to become fatalistic when this issue surfaces, especially as a teacher. Yes, the answer is education. But where's the money? Whether we like it or not, education requires funding. Lots of it. I'd love to be able to work with five students at a time, but that means schools need tons more teachers. That means teachers' salaries will be cut. That means unless one is independently wealthy and need not actually survive on a meager salary (as if our salaries aren't meager enough as it is!), a great teacher who actually has the passion and vision and intelligence and endurance to truly teach might be forced to seek other employment. That means schools are more likely to become filled with sub-par teachers who teach only because that's the best they can do. It's a vicious cycle. Maybe someday educators will get the respect they deserve.... Ok. I'm done.

 [Editors note: I wrote this offline before I saw Jon's response to Jesse. I only saw it when I came in to post this entry] Oh my...its worse then I thought. :) Where do I start...I guess I will address this one point at a time. By the way...sorry for the length...my juices must be flowing today. :) "...a discussion stops being an "intellectual debate" when it becomes emotional" --Hmm. First off, I don't know that you can say it became emotional. But for the sake of discussion, I will temporarily grant you the benefit of the doubt. I believe I disagree with you. Those are the best intellectual debates. Those topics that cause deep emotion are the topics that produce our best debating. "The "discussion" you and Jon are having over this blog right now has, at least on your part, become emotional..." --Again, hmmm. I don't concede that it has become especially emotional or even if it has, that it is a bad thing. I have emotions. When I think a incorrect mindset is keeping people in bondage, you bet I'm gonna be a little emotional. That is precisely why I took the time to respond to Jon's email. But it doesn't mean that it isn't an intellectual debate. But I digress...onto the next point. "Try rereading your post that begins by attacking Jon's reaction by calling it predictable. Pay special attention to the tone of the entry." --Sure I called it 'predictable'. It was predictable. I could have told you in a heart beat what he was gonna say. How does that make it NOT an intellectual debate? And what's with "attacking"? I was simply responding to Jon's post. You see...its exactly what I am trying to say. People can't have disagreements without using negative words like "Attack". I was simply putting forth the idea that I saw Jon's post as predictable. The point of view that he put forward was the same point that he made to me last time we had this discussion. He could call MY response 'predictable' too I suppose. Neither Jon nor I are gonna change what we believe every other day. We have had this discussion before. I have heard that point of view a hundred times in discussions of this issue. Thats why its predictable. And what was my "tone"? I think he is mistaken. That was the "tone" that was supposed to come through. I hope it came through loud and clear. Jon thinks the same of my opinion. So what...? "Do you not sense the righteous indignation? The anger? The frustration?" --I hope you do! Thats exactly what I had! I do have all of those things when I hear points of view being espoused that I think are harmful to people. That is precisely why I responded. Again, your premise is faulty, I believe. I don't believe those things are mutually exclusive with intellectual debate and disagreement. "This results in attacks, like yours, against individuals and their opinions." --This is just incorrect. I didn't 'attack' anybody. Telling somebody that you believe they are wrong does not constitute attacking them. If I were to tell Jon that HE was too dumb to understand my arguments, that would be an attack. Telling Jon that his ARGUMENTS are dumb, is not. I certainly did attack his opinions, but I did not attack him. You know....I think therein lies the rub. I think we are living in a society where everybody is afraid to tell someone they are wrong. We live in a hyper sensitive culture where telling someone you think they are wrong is seen as close-minded and bigoted. I am not referring directly to you, Jesse, anymore. :) I am now making a comment on society at large. Being open-minded and having freedom of speech should not mean that I can't tell someone they are wrong. "I would like to request that you take some time to calm down before your next post..." --I am quite calm.... "...just maybe, you'll be able to express your opinions objectively without calling Jon ignorant." --If you would kindly reread the post, you will see that I called the COMMENT ignorant, not Jon. I called it a few other things too while I was at it...namely racist, but I digress. :) Now...for all of you who are new to intellectual debate, as well as those in Miami-Dade county, the above was an example of intellectual debate and disagreement with my dear friend Jesse. I do not hate Jesse. I did not 'attack' Jesse. I simply informed Jesse (and the rest of the world) why I feel he is incorrect on some things. Class dismissed.

 I *gasp* totally agree with Jamie. It's a miracle. Intellectual debate is vital, and if intellectual debate isn't passionate, it's not worth having. I'm very glad Jamie believes in what he says (even if he's wrong) enough to become emotional about it. You're right, Jesse, that sometimes emotions can hamper someone's ability to think rationally, but I can think rationally about dealing with the underclass and still be passionate about it. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was intensely emotional in his struggle for the rights of his people. But he was also logical and pragmatic. I think it's unhealthy if things get personal, i.e. "Not only are your arguments stupid but your underwear smells bad," but it's equally unhealthy to not be passionate. (BTW, I thought Jamie's reply was level headed. Incorrect, but level headed.)

 I'm sorry Jamie, but apparently you and I have different views as to what constitutes an "intellectual debate." I support discussion over matters such as these, and believe it to be extremely healthy. The only way to verify our own opinions is to run them against those of someone else. But I believe that such a discussion stops being an "intellectual debate" when it becomes emotional. The "discussion" you and Jon are having over this blog right now has, at least on your part, become emotional. Try rereading your post that begins by attacking Jon's reaction by calling it predictable. Pay special attention to the tone of the entry. Do you not sense the righteous indignation? The anger? The frustration? I would never refer to such a post as "level headed." When emotions get involved in such an issue, you begin to lose objectivity and, in turn, clarity of thought. This results in attacks, like yours, against individuals and their opinions. I would like to request that you take some time to calm down before your next post so that maybe, just maybe, you'll be able to express your opinions objectively without calling Jon ignorant.

 I have a question...can someone please help me understand...why do people react so much to honest disagreement and discussion. As soon as Jon or I (or anyone, but it seems to be us most often :) ) disagree with each other and begin to discuss something, everyone runs for the hills saying "why can't we all get along!". Its like people have an allergic reaction when people start to have an intellectual disagreement. If you believe in something and someone posts something that disagrees with it, why wouldn't you tell him why you think he is wrong? I got it Jesse...maybe your spots were an allergic reaction to some intellectual disagreement you overheard!?! And no Jesse, its not mucho defensivo.... its called intellectual debate. (You know what I think this deserves a longer discussion..people's aversion to disagreement...check my blog sometime. maybe i'll say more on this topic.) And also...what is so unrandom about discussing poverty and how to eliminate it. I thought the idea of a random blog was so anyone can post anything they want... Just because I am not going on and on about some stupid bunnies....man! ;)

 Now I feel bad putting something lighthearted here... and I feel guilty complaining about that... yuck. But, just so you know, the bunnies are running rampant tonight at my sister's house :) . 8ish i think?

 Perhaps my response was predictable because the problem is so systemic. There's no need to repeat yourself. I read you clearly the first time. And I quote, "We live in a country where if someone is willing to work hard, just about anyone can pull themselves up by their bootstraps and make something of themselves." That's a blatant lie. The poor in our country (especially those who are of a minority ethnicity) have been so brutally ignored by society at large that there are virtually no options left for them. They can't go to college because they can't read because the wonderful public education system has screwed them over. They can't get a job because they don't have a college degree. They have no transportation. They have no health insurance. They have no options. What's your solution, Jamie? Would your company hire a homeless man? No, of course not. He's not qualified. Whose fault is it that he's not qualified? His own? I doubt it. He learned it from his father, who learned it from his father, who learned it from his father, all the way back to slavery, where black people learned what white people (who hold the power in this country) really thought of them. Can the cycle be broken? It most certainly can be. But how exactly do you plan on providing a bootstrap? "[G]o find somebody that hasn't been as blessed as you, and start helping them to understand the power of education, how to be responsible in holding down a job, and be there to provide the viewpoint that they way out isn't more government programs, but in learning how to provide for oneself." They understand the power of education, and understand that they don't have access to it. They could be responsible and hold down a job... if they had access to a job. And they do provide for themselves. By stealing your wallet, stealing your car, selling your children drugs. It's their only option right now. Welfare certainly hasn't changed it, but I haven't seen anything else that made a dent. (Oh, and before you dismiss that article as liberal propaganda, look at who wrote it.)

 Wow Jamie... mucho defensivo... At this point I would like to take Kairsie's suggestion and run with it.... Random random random unrandom random!!! Did you guys know that if you make a rat addicted to morphine and then use a drug to put it into withdrawal, it shows the same effects as a menopausal woman having a hot flash? Pretty cool, huh? By the way my bunnies are growing tomorrow, but the new bunnies are being put into quarantine until August 6th. *big big big smile* (^) (^) . o \____/

 Jon's reaction is to my comments is so predictable. I should have warned you all. As soon as someone mentions that perhaps the "urban poor" (which is a pretty narrow view of who the poor are in our country, by the way) might be better off if they were given BOOTSTRAPS instead of HANDOUTS, liberals assume that you are calling the poor in our country lazy or something. Do I need to repeat myself!? The poor in our country are not all that way becuase the are LAZY! For crying out loud. The knee jerk reaction that you get from some people regarding this issue...! There are some in this country, however, who believe the poor in our country would be better off being able to provide for themselves then being dependent on somebody else. Am I saying that they have an easy situation? No. Am I saying that we should just totally eliminate all of welfare? No...of course not. But if Christians would come alongside the poor and help them get educated, learn how the economic system works in this country, teach them many of the things that many of us learned growing up, INSTEAD of supporting institutions that only further this crippling dependance on others, many people would be better off. So, get off your pulpit, go find somebody that hasn't been as blessed as you, and start helping them to understand the power of education, how to be responsible in holding down a job, and be there to provide the viewpoint that they way out isn't more government programs, but in learning how to provide for oneself. And this racist comment that if you are a white, middle class person you somehow are unable to dialogue about issues that affect the poor is just ignorant.

 Last night's round of bunnies was so unbelievably exciting (and irascible)! It was me and 7 girls (woohoo!), all of which cute, and all of which with cute, fluffy bunnies for me to destroy. Mwahahahahaha... Oh, and get this: I went out with Shauna! It was great! She's like, so awesome. We went out, and then we were all like, "this is nice." Then we hugged and went back in again. It was good while it lasted! I think that we've decided to "just be friends" for a while, and while that's semi-disappointing, I understand that our friendship is something of immense value, and therefore I appreciate it greatly-ful.

 Worms, worms, worms. All over the place! Who opened up that can? Oh, that's right. It was me. :) I have to admit that it's kinda fun to watch Jamie and Jon go at it. Jamie: You're just jealous because you have no bunny experience. You could join us for our post-fusion killer bunny gaming if you'd like. Then you'll see just how great those bunnies are. I love those bunnies....*Sigh* Shauna: I don't know your phone number! :( Call my cell: 610-914-3925

 Jon: Oops. Sorry about the h. I don't know how I did that. I NEVER spell you're name with an h. Please accept my deepest apologies.

 Jon (and everyone else for that matter): Let's get one thing straight about the "stupid story"..... I never said I agreed with it. Nor did I say that I disagree. I just thought it'd be interesting to read everyone's responses. Ok? Ok.

 Dude, you guys this blog is supposed to be for randomness. Why don't ya'll create a shared blog just for debates *cough*jonandjamie*cough*. So then the bunny said to the rat "at least they don't kill you just for your feet, they kill you cause you're a nusiance"

 Well, Jon, that's an article worth reading. But I want to know what YOU are going to do about such an issue. Are you going to institute tutoring programs in your church to help inner-city kids? Are you going to assist inner-city schools financially outside of taxes? We, as simple human beings, always face the self-proposed question: "I'm just one person. What can I do about it?" My guess is that you are considering a response related to affecting the government through a change in voting style or political alignment, but do you really believe that we can confront such issues only through the government via voting and political support? I agree with Harold when he states that education is the most important key to overcoming poverty. At this point in my life, though, I have a hard time seeing a part that I can play in such an issue. I hope that some day the Lord will put me in a place where I can truly make a difference directly, but until then I educate myself in preparation for educating others. This, then, is the part that I play now while you debate between two governmental parties that both have severe shortcomings. To claim that a Republican vote or a Democratic vote is always the best choice is foolishness. One should only vote based on the goals and qualities of a candidate him(or her)self. Okay, so it has become obvious that I have little experience in discussing politics, but I think I may have brought up a good point or two. Forgive my ramblings (I blame it on the seeming "disconnectedness" of the article presented and the issue being discussed.).

 Normally I wouldn't post such a lengthy article up here, but since Blogger is paying for both storage space and server bandwidth, I don't really mind. I dare whoever's on this blog to read this article. And I dare you to read it with a mindset that is outside of your privileged, white, middle-class paradigm. Understand that you don't understand the issues here - you can't even begin to relate. So before you try to perpetuate this caste system we have in America, get your facts straight. --------------------------------------------------------- ( urlLink cornerstonemag.com ) What If There Are No Bootstraps? An Interview With Leon Dash About His Book, "Rosa Lee" By Chris Harold Rosa Lee is the story of a woman who upon first glance personifies every stereotype regarding inner-city poverty. Washington Post reporter Leon Dash deals straightforwardly with many of the stereotypes without himself falling into an ideological category. Dash, who won a Pulitzer for the book, followed Rosa Lee and her family for four years, hunting for clues in the world of the inner-city underclass. Dash follows Rosas day-to-day struggles and traces her family history; what he finds is fascinating and heartbreaking. Rosa Lees grandparents carry their bottom-rung social status and their sense of racially-limited options with them to Washington, D.C., where they seek to escape the harsh life of North Carolina sharecroppers. Uneducated and unskilled, menial labor and domestic work are their only means of survival and the grandparents pass this emphasis on to their children. The cycle continues as Rosetta, Rosa Lees mother, educates her daughter by preparing her to survive the only way shes ever known, teaching her to wash, cook and clean. Dash thus follows an unbroken line of poverty up from the South into the vastly different circumstances of Rosa Lees life in the inner city. Rosa Lee refuses the path of domestic work because she is unwilling and afraid to be at the whims of white employers. Then, acting in part out of adolescent rebellion, she becomes pregnant with her first child, Bobby, at fourteen. She has another, Ronnie, at fifteen, and then marries at sixteen. The marriage lasts only four months. In all, she has eight children by six different men. She begins shoplifting as a way to have nice things she cant afford. Her first contact with drugs is also the result of needing money. Of her eight children, two Eric and Alvinsomehow escape their mothers legacy; all the others follow her into drug dependence (Rosa Lee is a heroin addict), criminality, poverty, and in the case of her eldest son and daughter, the contraction of HIV. Her oldest son, Bobby, dies of it. Finally, in 1995, so does Rosa. In all this horror, Dashs book shows the mystery of sin and responsibility as it works its way through generations. That Rosa Lee and her family were sinned against is evident in Dashs tracing of the familys roots (the discovery, for instance, that Rosa Lees older sister was conceived when her sharecropper mother was raped by a white overseer). Yet equally clear is that Rosa Lee also bears responsibility for her choices. As our understanding of Rosa Lee as a human being deepens, the inevitable questions come. We interviewed Leon Dash and asked him some of these questions. Did your greatest shock come over Rosa involving her own children in crime? Well, I was familiar with the oldest child in an underclass family becoming part of the parents criminal activity, or providing money for the family by some illegal means with no questions asked by the parents. But all of Rosa Lees children were brought into her criminal activity. It was for what she always called survival. Rosa, for instance, would buy a brick of marijuana and her children, right on down to the youngest, would sit around the kitchen table and cut this brick into what is called dime bags. And you found this to be true of other families, this passing on of criminal behavior? Yes. Its part of the Urban Institutes definition of the underclass, that the criminal behavior is generational. But you say Rosa Lee would call this her way to survive. Did her government assistance fall short? I knew from a past project I had done on teen pregnancy that welfare assistance is not enough to cover the necessities of life. I had seen firsthand that these families on welfare would regularly have no food in the house by the end of the month. This was also true for Rosa Lee and her family. If the government made you poverty czar with full authority to change things from the ground up, what would be the first thing you would change? Education is the single most important thing. It has not been working and this is not just a blip in history. Rosa Lee went to school in the 1940s. She, her children, grandchildren, and now her great-grandchildren have not gotten an education that would help them. Three of her five grandchildren cant read. Rosa Lee dropped out of school in the seventh grade because she was pregnant. But pregnancy aside, could she do seventh grade work? No. She couldnt even read. The problem is that the educational system is approaching children from the inner city in a conventional manner, attempting to teach these kids as if they were kids from middle-class schools. The educators refuse to deal with the real educational difficulties these kids bring with them to school. How would you deal with it? First, you cant put a teacher in a classroom with thirty aggressive, attacking, and profane kids and expect that teacher to teach. You have this middle-class teacher in with these kind of kids and they just drive her nuts. So, instead, have only five kids with a teacher. You must provide a situation where learning can actually happen and not just a teacher being the sergeant administering discipline and keeping order. And I mean this has to happen starting in kindergarten, not just junior high or high school. But when I talk about these kind of things, people get very upset. They say it is unfair to send a disproportionate amount of their tax dollars to go to support these underclass kids. Why should they? What I try to say to these people is that youre going to pay for it in other waysin prisons, in police, welfare, or even by having your car hijacked. The poverty czar then would need to appeal to self-interest to see his reforms through? If this poverty czar proposes these kind of educational reforms, hell probably have to resign before hes out of office. He will become a lightning rod for these issues people are angry about. Its like talking about religion or politics; opinions about this are really charged with emotion. People dont want to pay more taxes than they have to; they want to have more money for themselves. So a poverty czar would just have to know hell never make it to the end of his term. The best he could do is raise these issues and get things moving in the right direction. But, of course, what we really need is the political will to deal with these kind of underclass issues. Right now we dont have that. We need to have people in politics who are willing to sacrifice their careers to deal with these issues. Compassion could give us this political will, but how are we going to be inspired to this kind of compassion, especially in this time of politically scapegoating the poor? I dont know. Honestly I dont. We need a charismatic leader, but we dont have one. I just dont know. I was giving a talk recently and a man stood up and said regarding Rosa Lee, Why are you so sympathetic with this person? He was one of the angry ones. I said that I didnt really see myself as sympathetic. I mean, I had learned about how Rosa Lee had prostituted her eleven-year-old daughter, Patty. Who wouldnt be repulsed by such a thing? Of course Im not sympathetic to that. But, I said to him, I guess Im just not as eager to condemn her as you. I cant judge her as harshly or easily as you. This man was one of the haves who cannot understand the have nots, who simply see people like Rosa Lee as morally reprehensible. These haves keep telling the have nots to pull themselves up by their bootstraps. Im here to remind them, Hey, these people dont even have bootstraps! Give them a break! So the problem is that these haves dont understand that if they grew up in the same circumstances from the time they were born, they might not be the person they are today? Absolutely. I would not be who I am today had I grown up in Rosa Lees circumstances. Theres no way! And thats what I try to remember and tell others, Hey, there, but for the grace of God, go I. What main insight do you hope the average middle-class American would gain from reading your book? That there is an underclass. That it is growing and its a problem for all of us. What practical steps could the average middle-class American take to help with the problems of the underclass? Mentor one child. Tutor one child. Alvin and Eric, the two of Rosa Lees children who made it out of poverty, both had mentors (Gartrell Franklin and Nancy McAllister) who helped them at crucial points in their lives. If you could go back in time to when Rosa Lee was young, do you think that kind of intervention, mentoring, might have made her story come out differently? Its funny, Rosa Lee used to say to me, Mr. Dash, I wish I would have known you when I was younger. You could have helped me. But I would tell her that I didnt think when she was a young woman she would have listened to me. Could you give me an example of how Rosa Lees limited range of choices counter the simple solutions offered to her? In Rosa Lees case, what jobs are available to her? She cant read. There are few jobs for you if you cant read. She cant work at any kind of hard labor because shes an older woman in poor health. So in a case like hers, simply moving someone off welfare will not guarantee he/she will get a job. People also dont want to deal with the history behind this, the whole history of racism that has played its part in lives of those like Rosa Lee. Fifty-seven percent of the underclass are black. An especially haunting moment comes when Rosa Lee remembers her grandfather who was a poor sharecropper from North Carolina. She recalls how he never laughed, and one day she asked him why. He says, We had such a hard time down in them sticks I guess I just dont see nothin to laugh about. And Rosa Lee didnt understand this answer. Right. That shows how the effects of racism came down to Rosa Lee without her even understanding what happened to her. Her mother Rosetta raised her according to what she knew from growing up in the South, which meant if you were a black woman you learned to do domestic work to survive. Does racism continue to play a part in the poverty of the inner cities? Yes, it does. One explanation is that people see poverty as a minority problem. This I think is due to the fact that the main media are located in urban centers and the reporters are simply too lazy quite honestlytoo lazy to go out and show the other faces of poverty in rural areas. Although the majority of those in poverty are black, there is still a large population of whites who are in places like southern and western West Virginia, Kentucky, and also in the upper peninsula of Michigan. So then its difficult to get funding for all who qualify for programs like Headstart, which is a proven program, because people dont want their money to go to what they see as a primarily minority problem. You point out that as we become more of a technological society there are less and less jobs for low-skilled workers. As a result future generations such as Rosa Lees grandchildren and great-grandchildren, trapped in the cycle of poverty, will have even fewer opportunities. If there is no intervention in their lives, what do you see in the future for them? I was quoting there from the Swedish sociologist, Gunnar Mydral. He predicted as far back as 1962, in a book called Challenge to Affluence, the emergence and growth of the underclass which we are seeing today. As far as what will happen in the future? The underclass, according to the Urban Institute, is growing at a rate of 8% (that was how fast it was growing at the 1990 census). Now some sociologists are beginning to refer to the underclass as an undercaste. Thats because they see the dividing line as so definite, they dont see any way for movement out of that underclass. The divide is that great they dont see any solutions to this division. So this trend is growing and its a problem thats not just going to go away. Also you must remember that these people in the underclass2.7 million in 1990they dont even appear in the unemployment statistics. How is that? They have never held a job long enough to be considered employed, or they have never been employed, so they arent considered unemployed. So this group is not even represented in these important statistics. Theyre invisible. Near the end of her life, Rosa Lee is received back into her childhood church with open arms. Do you see anything more that her church or churches in general could do for those in poverty? Yes, I think especially mentoring and tutoring programs are important. They can show a child another way of life they might never see otherwise. Mentoring and tutoring are two tremendous ways to help. First published in Cornerstone (ISSN 0275-2743), Vol. 26, Issue 111 (1997), p. 33-34 1997 Cornerstone Communications, Inc. Electronic version may contain minor changes and corrections from printed version.

 And enough about these stupid bunnies....for crying out loud! ;)

 Great story Amanda....boy I can't wait to hear Jon's response to this story. Should I prepare myself for another bleeding heart rant.... ;-) Not everyone that is poor is that way by choice or because they are lazy or something, but the fact is that we are turning into a country where everyone thinks they are entitled to a life of ease and comfort. Even if they have to get a paycheck for NOT WORKING, paid for by other people. IE...welfare. We live in a country where if someone is willing to work hard, just about anyone can pull themselves up by their bootstraps and make something of themselves. Why do you think immigrants stream into the US? No other country on earth provides the same opportunity to better oneself. You might laugh at Amanda's story, but it isn't so far from the truth. We overtax the very members of our country that have made a decision to work hard and further themselves financially. The more you earn, the more we punish you. All of this to pay for many overfunded government programs. The Bible calls Christians to help the poor...not the government....I don't see much in scripture supporting welfare programs by the government. Actually one of the few responsibilites that I can see that the Bible DOES give to government, is the responsibility to use force bring wrongdoers to justice (police force/army). If you read the Bible, you will see a very limited view of government.....So you see, even Jesus would have voted Republican! (That last one was for you, Jon ;-) )

 Let's see... where to play bunnies... where to play bunnies... Ruthy and I are speaking tonight, and I don't think that it'll go very long. So it won't be too late when fusion is over. I think we could probably get a game in at the church, but if we want to continue with another game we'd have to move. Like I said, I really don't wanna risk my cards at a food servery. We could invade my sister's house *wink wink* or crash Becky and Ruth's house once again :D . Someone offer a location!!! On a side note, my bunnies are coming via UPS. I hope they leave them at the house even if I'm not there to sign... *worries*

 HEY i wanna play bunnies tomorrow, but i have class at Alverina til 8pm, someone call me before 4:45 and tell me where ya'll are gonna play so i can come!! i mean put me in coach i am ready to play!!

 Carrie: Hey folks, I ended up seeing the Italian job which was ok so there is still an opportunity for us to see Holes. Sorry Amanda I couldn't bring myself to read it but, I'm sure it was interesting. Jesse: I could have called but I didn't feel like it so there. *sticks tongue out* On a more happier note I would stay and play bunnies with you funn, funn, fun. Hey I forgot that I won. Yep I won against becky and Jesse...if you didn't get that I said I WON! Wohooo! See ya tomorrow night.

 No Kairsie. You are wrong. The moral of the story is "Vote republican." You know how I know this? I know this because at the bottom it says the following: "MORAL OF THE STORY: Vote Republican" Who are you to disagree with the story about what it's morals and values are? Stop donkeying around! Bunnies. Tomorrow. Maybe I'll skip work. *glee*

 No dude, the *real* moral of the story is people are stupid, lazy, and greedy, and don't care to know the real story as long as they look good.

 It's Jon. Not JoHn. And I'll reply to the stilly story when I have a few moments.

 Hey guys. Read this. A friend sent it to me. I'm interested in hear ya'll's opinion. :) OLD VERSION The ant works hard in the withering heat all summer long, building his house and laying up supplies for the winter. The grasshopper thinks he's a fool and laughs and dances and plays the summer away. Come winter, the ant is warm and well fed. The grasshopper has no food or shelter so he dies out in the cold. MORAL OF THE STORY: Be responsible for yourself! MODERN VERSION The ant works hard in the withering heat all summer long, building his house and laying up supplies for the winter. The grasshopper thinks he's a fool and laughs and dances and plays the summer away. Come winter, the shivering grasshopper calls a press conference and demands to know why the ant should be allowed to be warm and well fed while others are cold and starving. CBS, NBC, and ABC show up to provide pictures of the shivering grasshopper next to a video of the ant in his comfortable home with a table filled with food. America is stunned by the sharp contrast. How can this be, that in a country of such wealth, this poor grasshopper is allowed to suffer so? Kermit the Frog appears on Oprah with the grasshopper and everybody cries when they sing "It's Not Easy Being Green." Jesse Jackson stages a demonstration in front of the ant's house where the news stations film the group singing "We shall overcome." . Jesse then has the group kneel down to pray to God for the grasshopper's sake. Tom Daschle & Walter Mondale exclaim in an interview with Peter Jennings that the ant has gotten rich off the back of the grasshopper, and both call for an immediate tax hike on the ant to make him pay his "fair share. Finally, the EEOC drafts the "Economic Equity and Anti-Grasshopper Act", retroactive to the beginning of the summer. The ant is fined for failing to hire a proportionate number of green bugs and, having nothing left to pa y his retroactive taxes, his home is confiscated by the government. Hillary gets her old law firm to represent the grasshopper in a defamation suit against the ant, and the case is tried before a panel of federal judges that Bill appointed from a list of single-parent welfare recipients. The ant loses the case. The story ends as we see the grasshopper finishing up the last bits of the ant's food while the government house he is in, which just happens to be the ant's old house, crumbles around him because he doesn't maintain it. The ant has disappeared in the snow. The grasshopper is found dead in a drug related incident and the house, now abandoned, is taken over by a gang of spiders who terrorize the once peaceful neighborhood. MORAL OF THE STORY: Vote Republican

 Speaking of Community Days..... John: We were there, too. The ash is what made it so much fun! I usually am not a big fireworks fan. In fact, I think they're kinda lame, but a nice excuse to hang out with friends. Anyway, the danger of burning ash made it just a little more exciting. :) That and the fireworks that looked like, uh..... nevermind.

 ................................................................ ................................................................ ................................................................ ................................................................ ................................................................ ................................................................ ................................................................ ................................................................ ................................................................ ................................................................ ................................................................ ................................................................ ......................BUNNIES!!!!......................... ................................................................ ................................................................ ................................................................ ................................................................

 Jesse, Your dad has a point... things should be planned ahead of time. However, plans often change, and cell phones make it possible to do things that never would have been possible without them. Like change your plans last minute, find your friends in a crowded area (like Community Days) or go on the ZMYG Road Trip. (That wouldn't have worked without cell phones.) So yes, it pays to plan ahead, but it also pays to have a cell phone to allow for greater coordination.

 Jesse: I'm not sure we can stay at the church that late, so bunnies might not work there.

 Jesse: "whuteva" Yay! Bunnies tomorrow! Rock on! Carrie: Sorry, hon. I did get your voice mail (ON MY CELL PHONE), but I was watching a movie with Bec. Contrary to what SOME PEOPLE think, cell phones are great tools for getting the most out of one's day, and there is definitely something to be said for spontaneity! Why does everything need to be planned ahead of time?! What's so great about that? Yes, planning definitely has it's place, but when you live every single hour of your life by a preplanned schedule,....where's the fun in that?!

 Ms. Snead, I believe you overestimate the frequency at which we check this blog. I don't know about the others, but I only have the chance to come on and check it one or two times each day. To invite us to see a movie within 2 hours of its start time is quite ludicrious. Why? because no one will see the invitation in time to do anything about it! I, in fact, am rather sad that I didn't know you were going until today, when it's too late. Why didn't you call me at home? If you had access to a computer, you had access to a home phone. I'm sorry my friends, but my father has a point in his argument for me NOT getting a cell phone: You are all terrible at planning things ahead of time, and cell phones would be less of a necessity if you could learn to do so. My sister will probably get angry at me for saying that, but hey, it's true! I checked on the UPS website aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand......... MY BUNNIES COME TOMORROW!!! Let's play the bunny game after bible study, okay? Preferably at the church and not at the diner. I will not risk the safety of my cards. *wiggles in excited anticipation*

 Carrie: I'm going to see Holes at 9:45 at the 2$ theater if you want to come just meet me there. Love ya all

 Jesse: You are a poophead. Why? #1. You have the bunnies and I don't. #2 You disagreed with me. What were you thinking? Besides, you can just look at the bottom of a post to see who posted it. Don't be lazy, brother, dear. Here's the good news: I still love you and I will continue on my quest to get you a cell phone. :)

 Carrie: Thanks Jesse. I think the this blog is nice but, only cause I can't do any cool things to mine. What happening tonight anything interesting? I'm working in the library. love you..bye bye. To answer your question Kairsie I did not know that snails can live 3 years w/out eating. Where did you find that out?

 I don't like the puppies. They're to cute, well I don't like dogs in the first place. Did you know a snail can live 3 years without eating?

 I'm sorry, but I disagree with my sister on that point. I like the fact that Carrie and Becky put their names BEFORE the message, that way I know who's saying it while I read. If you have such a desperation to look to the bottom, you can do so, and see that its written from the shared "Carrie and Becky" account, and know that they are not talking to themselves, they are describing who is talking. Deal. Oh, I loved the bunnies sooooo much that I ordered them for myself yesterday. Thanks Jon for introducing me to it. Thanks dad for letting me buy it. Thanks sister for being jealous. And thanks Red booster pack for giving me the edge over Jon. ;) Oh, and Carrie, I don't think Ruthy had any spots. My spots were unique and my own. But they are gone, but I still am in danger of getting a fever and chills if I overexert myself late at night. Kinda scary. Okay, back to work. I love this blog. Do you love the puppies??

 so what do you guys think about cute puppies? :)

 yeah right... as if... you always make it seem so bad

 I hope everyone parties hardy tomorrow. I will be... at work. Which, coincidentally, is where I am now.

 Tomorrow (saturday) my party starts at 2pm... and goes until people disappear. we're planning on having a bonfire after it gets dark, so it'll go til after that :) Hope to see everyone there! Just a note: LAN parties roooooooockolocko.

 Jesse, when are festivities on Saturday? (Also, when are they probably going to end, aka. when is it to late to come over?)

 Boy...I wish I had the time to be outside listening to the birds and the wind. Must be nice.

 What is it about a beautiful sunny afternoon, with the birds singing and the wind rustling through the leaves, that makes you want to blog?

 It all depends on if the weather man (or woman) is an optimist or a pessimist. An optimist would say "partly sunny" and a pessimist would say "partly cloudy" ::psst if you really wanna know, partly sunny would be like 1/4 sun 3/4 cloud: partly cloudy would be 1/4 cloud 3/4 sun::

 what's the differance between "Partly sunny" and "partly cloudy" in a weather report?

 oooops... I guess censorship is ok after all... no need for the 1st ammendment - remember our heros gave their lives for that!

 No good, Kairsie. Jeff and Jon are determined to place anything debatable here, and put random stuff on the discussTHIS! board. dorks.

 ::whines:: Nooooo! Jeff the other board was created for poltical/religious/whatever other kind of debates. This board is to return to it's randomness.

 about Pres Bushs trip to africa: "This trip demonstrates strong support for Africa in a way that adequate humanitarian aid never could." opinion on the onion.

 I'm bbbaaaccckkkkk! ::does dance::

 Hooray for typos. :) My blog is http://www.jonsblog.com, not http://www.joncarlson.com. Kairsie's blog is http://www.kairsie.blogspot.com not http://www.kairsie.blogpsot.com.

 Uhm... why don't the links to Jon's blog and Kairsie's blog work? Someone want to enlighten me as to why they go to the Mega Bible Study site or whatevah?

 good thinkin, jeff. :)

 Oh by the way, for Kairsie's sake, I made this: urlLink Discuss THIS! That way we can keep this board more random and less... goal oriented. :)

 Balance is good I havnt read all the posts, but it looks like there is good discussion here - which rocks Faith and Works... Works and Faith - its all a matter of balance - you are both right really :) oh... and practice has to do with callings, giftings, and being the hands, feet, eyes, and ears of Jesus... get it? different body parts for different purposes - all working together to make the body healthy, and productive. so yall need to recognize your need for each other. And the callings that you have on your own lives. thats what I think

 I agree, Jesse, that we should evangelize, no matter what. But I also believe that being a missional person, or a missional church, is an all-encompassing endeavor. It's so much more than going around quoting John 3:16 and leading people in a quick sinner's prayer. It's being willing to come along side a person or group of people and walk with them, help them meet their needs, demonstrate the love of Jesus in a practical way. That's what's awesome about the Incarnation - no longer was the love of God a distant, abstract concept, but the Love of God put on Human Flesh and became a Man, sharing in our sufferings and meeting our needs. We can't present Christ as a distant figure who will bless you when you die. We need to present Jesus as a friend who sticks closer than a brother, and we need to show that we are the example of His love and His life - and one of the ways we do that is by blessing people. Here, read urlLink this . The Word of Life - Abandoning an Incomplete Gospel

 My argument: "But I say that being unable to provide earthly "necessities" for a person or group of people should never keep you from going to them and telling them what Jesus did for them. Sometimes you just don't have the resources to feed 35,378 people that need to hear the gospel. So does that mean that you don't go to those people because you can't feed that many?" Jon's response: "Im not saying that an inability to meet physical needs should prevent us from meeting spiritual needs, but meeting physical needs is highly important. " Basically, if you can go and feed the hungry while telling them what Jesus did, go and be blessed. If you can't feed the hungry, go anyway, telling them what Jesus did, and be just as blessed. Sometimes, short of a miracle, we just can't provide for physical needs. This should never keep us from evangelic missions.

 Melody, stop being sorry fot stuff you didn't do! Oh, btw, I'm bbbbaaaccckkkk!!!!

 I'm sorry

 you're wrong, actually. I already sent an invitation to you. have you been checking all your emails lately? like carrienbecky@something oruther.com? (yahoo or hotmail or sumthin...) it's the same email as you have registered for this one, so I don't wanna hear your whining girl. :0p

 Ok..what's up I guess everybody's slacking on the random blog these days. I guess everyones blogging on Discuss this too bad I can't because I haven't been invited hooo humm *she sighs*......by Carrie

 Poor Jeff... the youth group certainly has taken a lot out of him. Sanity, for example.

 Quote: "Yeah right... as if..." I'm assuming you were talking to me, Jeff. So let me clarify. Fact: Jon was at work when he posted that. Fact: Jon was at work during the party. Are these bad things? Not at all. But for you to disagree with my factual statements shows a disregard for reality that I find frightening coming from someone as logical as you. Have you been forgetting to take your old-folks medication again? :)

 Oh Jeffery I was singing your praise in a much latter blog you being our"world renown Devil's advocate" glad to see you posting man. Hey Jon C. how did our welfare/ anti-republican debate end I had to go away last weekend and totally missed the end. I could of course get the archives but, that's too much work. by Carrie Ann

 Booo! This blog reeks of boredom. urlLink Random link .

 I am incredibly attractive sentient magic rope.

 From Jon's blog: "Brief brief update:" Jon.... I don't think any of us wanted an update on your briefs, even if it is short. Sorry, but no. :)

 Jesse, send me an invite to the "discuss this" blog please.

 uhm... it certainly looks like JFK to me Kairsie... and it's not even edited (if I were Jon and I HAD written JKF and had it pointed out... I would have either edited the post or deleted it to make the other person look silly!)

 Are you saying your mom shot JFK, Carrie?

 No no no Carrie. I know very well that *JFK* is Jon F Kennedy.........but you see Jon C. typed *JKF* which I have no clue who he is.

 John F. Kennedy the president shot in Nov.1963 my mom was only days old when that happened. I'd pick on you Kairsie but, I'll just leave that to Jeff and Jon C. by Carrie

 Jeff count me in... I work this thursday but I have off next and I'll try as much as I can to get there during school. Lord knows I needed something like that during the months I'll spend my life at school, work or sleeping. by Carrie Ann

 Jon, who the heck is JKF?

 welcome back Rachel! I shot the Sherriff once, but never JFK.

 welcome back Rachel!! random: so who do you think shot JFK?

 hey everyone... just letting yall know about the bible study that will be starting at my house this coming thursday... I'm hoping it will be a smaller more cozy sort of thing - hang around and chat about faith and stuff. The chance to go deeper in discussion than we usually do in other churchy places where people preach. anyway, yall are welcome... no limits on age at our house. We don't know who to expect (especially since friday is purple door, and the beach outreach trip with ZMYG) but it should be good with whoever shows up. if you need directions or anything, email me at jeffstoltzfus@hotmail.com peace yall jeff Deeper: the bible study - not for the faint of heart Wrestling with the tough issues of theology, life, and community. Seeking to know the heart of God. Thursdays 7pm-8:30 @ the home of Jeff & Candace Stoltzfus Frank conversation, a listening ear, and a couple of your best friends

 yay rachel... velcome home

 Look everyone! Rachel is back!

 If you're in a war, instead of throwing a hand grenade at the enemy, throw one of those small pumpkins. Maybe it'll make everyone think how stupid war is, and while they are thinking, you can throw a real grenade at them.

 Seriously.....let's keep this blog random....

 I think a pillow should be the peace symbol, not the dove. The pillow has more feathers than the dove, and it doesn't have a beak to peck you with.

 oooops maybe I shouldnt have brought that up here.

 oh... and by the way Jesse. I was the only one seriously blogging on the discussion board. Or did you forget that? No one bit... so I guess I will pursue believing that it is questionable whether Christians can hold public office without compromising the Word of God.

 I know not what this discussion board is...but it appears that people are currently not being random and having discussions on the random board. *sigh*

 You may be old, Jamie, but not old enough to be considered much of an "elder." What exactly happened to these updates while the discussion blog was up, eh? Hack this site, huh? sure, maybe you can hack this, but I'd like to see you hack Jon's site. Bet ya you couldn't do that!! *heh heh heh*

 You watch your tongue my son....were you not taught to talk to your elders with respect. Don't make me hack this site and bring it to it's knees.

 WhatEVER J-Dawg. as if the timing of your seriousity snare was simply happenstance? A post goes up explaining that the discussion blog was deleted because no one used it, and now, NOW you have something to discuss that just happens to go on the Random blog. You can't purposefully incite my nazi-ish wrath and then whine about it; it doesn't work that way.

 And then I said, "Awesome". "And he was like, "Yeah, I guess. And by the way, those pants, they belong to my dad. And they're not really pants, they're leiderhosen." Hooray! -Some more wonderful and insightful FIF lyris from The End Is Near

 Can someone help me understand.....delete the Discussion blog and then tell people they can't post here....right....it would appear the blog nazi is jealous of those able to make a serious responses. I'm about to be kung-fu kicked by the blog nazi and then have my trousers taken.

 It would be really funny if, during a circus act involved juggling bears, a cute little puppy came out and kung-fu kicked the three bears into timber and then said, "Those are MY trousers!"

 any serious responses to the comment made by jamie detweiler shall be promptly deleted. -Blog nazi

 This week has been great....Terri Gross has been on vacation I think. Praise the Lord... I can actaully have a chance to enjoy Fresh Air. Second observation....It is quite evident that the vast majority of Palestinians have very little interest in peace. On the day before Israel was actually going to turn over control of a bunch of cities BACK to the Palestinians, the Palistinians murdered a busload of innocent men women and children. Now the West Bank is locked down tighter than Fort Knox. You'd think the Palestinians would catch on.....but I guess not. Over and over Israel makes efforts at peace, and over and over gets burnt. Its a wonder they keep trying.

 I think it should be a law that if you ever get sucked up into a tornado, whatever you can grab with your hands while you're swirling around up there, you get to keep.

 yes. the discussion blog has been ... *cough* taken care of. Jeff, don't gimme none o' yo' bull. Do you forget the plans you made with a certain J. Carlson to do all serious discussing on teh Random blog and post random things on the Discussion blog? If you do, I remember. So I don't wanna hear it. By the way, LOOK OUT BEHIND YOU!!!!!! heh heh heh... made you look! or not. Hey, I need someone to translate this for me: Sekludim carud zinalgohrit ef kip.

 If I ever become a mummy, I'm going to have it so when somebody opens my lid a boxing glove on a spring shoots out.

 Has the dissing...uhhh I mean discussion blog been killed?

 As a Christian, how do you justify speeding? It's breaking a law just like murdering someone is against the law; however, many of us do it everyday (some to the extreme) without a second thought. And don't give me some excuse like "the faster to get to ministry..."

 what????? you dare blaspheme my name? i didn't see any rules posted that said what we could say and couldnt say. good discussion is rarely planned... it usually just pops up. oh, and I wasnt even part of that big discussion

 Kairsie killed the discussion blog... oh wait, the death of said blog had nothing at all to do with Kairsie. Jon, Jeff, and Jamie decided to shut up when an outlet was provided for their rantings... i mean... discussions... I need to remember that tactic for next time. Important announcement: Killer bunnies: Orange booster will be released in spring 2004. Who wants to have a bunny party???

 "picked up To Kill A Mocking Bird"-Jon Good book.

 Dude I swear Jon had JKF written the first time, I know he did! PS. I surrvived the great flood of Purple Door.::grins::

 And I was like, "What's up dude?" And he was like, "Uhhh, I found your comb." And then I was like, "Shut-Up!" And he was like "Yeah, and stuff." And then I was like "Rock on!" -FIF, That's How the Story Ends

 Someone remind to correct Jamie in the error of his ways when I get a chance... (just so you know, I am in no way in favor of Madonna's publicity stunt on MTV, it's just that Jamie's critiquing it in all the wrong ways.) I just got an e-mail from Janelle. The subject was "if I blogged" and she said that "I'd spend my $115,000,000 on fixing up Philly row homes and connecting them with families who'd love them" She also e-mailed me this link - urlLink http://www.flashmob.com/

 urlLink Where do I begin...

 Just read the new discuss this blog. ouch.

 Wow! I stopped checking this blog because no one was blogging much. Then I check in today, and there's lots and lots! Can I just tell you how fun that is? It's like being away from your computer or Internet access for a long time and not being able to check your email, and then...when you finally do....there's a gajillion emails! Okay, maybe not, because they aren't addressed to me. Or, an even better illustration is when you don't watch TV for a really long time (my life is way too busy for TV, I can go for months without it, except in Alias season), and then you turn it on to find out that there's a marathon of your favorite show (like Alias; it rocks!) and there's a whole bunch of new episodes and you get to watch them all at once instead of waiting a new week for the new one. Anyway, my point is that it's very exciting. So I haven't read all of the things that were posted during my absence from the "random" blog, but the ones that I have read have been extremely entertaining. Like this one by Jamie, for example: "What would I do with 115,000,000?? I would give it to George W. Bush to get him elected to a second term, just so Jon would get really irritated." That's so great, Jamie D. I think that's a great way to spend the cash. Man, I really need to get you and Jon and Jeff to have one of your discussions when my friend Bec is around. It might be a little more even on the sides.... Off I go to finish reading all the posts I missed. This is great!

 ::sticks out tounge::

 Kairsie, do you mean that you would spend the $115,000,000 on a collage or you would make your own collage with $115,000,000 worth of materials? Oh wait, you mean COLLEGE.

 I am RireRose, Melody is Godsgirl XxXRireRoseXxX: so then he was like "whoa no way" and i was like "way!" and he was like "rock on!" then he broke his guitar Godsgirl2472002: then he through the drums sticks and I cought one and some one smacked me in the belly and took it:-( XxXRireRoseXxX: then i clashed his head with the symbols and got it back for you Godsgirl2472002: but then when I grabed it back it broke in hafe so I gave one to u and we both rocked cuz we had one XxXRireRoseXxX: and then i got the singer to sign it Godsgirl2472002: yes, then we jumped infront of the drumer and said "You don't know what we went through to get this" XxXRireRoseXxX: and then the dummer was all like "dude u stole my sticks!" Godsgirl2472002: then we were like no you through them....and I didn't mean to brake it some stole it.....it was all her fault (Points to you) XxXRireRoseXxX: then i was like "no way dude, some punk took them from her and i got them back but then they broke and we decided to share them" Godsgirl2472002: Then he was like "What? How did u get the lead singer to sign them? It's a stick and the sharpie is as big as one side XxXRireRoseXxX: and i said "dude look, it's not a sharpie, it's a gel pen" Godsgirl2472002: and he was like "You nerds gel pen wipes off why would you ever get it signed by that?" XxXRireRoseXxX: and then i was all "yeah well these are special gel pens that have lasers inside them so really the signature is engraved" Godsgirl2472002: he was like "Cool, now were the heck did my symbols go to?" XxXRireRoseXxX: and i was like "ohhh ummm remember the guy that stole her sticks? I had to hit him in the head with them" Godsgirl2472002: he was like "You freakin girls buy me a new drum set....this one cost like uhh $5000" XxXRireRoseXxX: and then i get all uptight like "dude, ur COMPLETE drum set was $5000, we didn't break all the drums, just the sticks. the symbols might not be broken, go check the crowd" Godsgirl2472002: He was like "Ok, whatever get outa my face....and hwo the heck did you get backstage anyway....SECURATY"(as he thinks to himself freakin girls that drum set cost me like $500) XxXRireRoseXxX: and i turn to you like "om gosh we need to run!" and u say "there's no way out of here!" and i say "stage dive!" and you're like "rock on!!!!" and we jump Godsgirl2472002: as we are flying through the are relizing how fast gravity works we yell to eachother..."AHH...the shows over no one is here to catch us" XxXRireRoseXxX: and then like out of no where the dude that stole the sticks goes running across the feild and we fall on him Godsgirl2472002: Then he yells "I told you girls to get away....look man I have enough stalkers kissing my poster every night" XxXRireRoseXxX: and them i'm all like "dude what the heck are you talking about? Godsgirl2472002: then he's like "You can keep the freakin sticks....I have a girl friend....and a grandmother that will by me new ones...I love ya Grandma *snif*" XxXRireRoseXxX: and then i turn to you and i'm like "dude we get to keep the sticks! freakin awesome!" Godsgirl2472002: and I am like "we beter go since this guy needs a mood ring and could change his mind" XxXRireRoseXxX: and then I'm like "dude let's see if we can get any other band stuff and get them to sign it" Godsgirl2472002: So we run to the guitarest and say "since you broke your guitar can we each have a half?" XxXRireRoseXxX: and i go "yeah dude that would be sweet. especially if you could sign them" then he goes "uhhhh i'm not in the band. i broke my friends guitar cause he stole my gummie worms" Godsgirl2472002: Then I say...."O, I am sorry about the gummie worms." then he starts crying and we say "Is he in a bad mood? and could you tell us were he is?" XxXRireRoseXxX: and then he's like "i saw him running away....saying something about smurf bait" then we give the dude a mood ring to make him feel better Godsgirl2472002: Then he put it on and it turned purpel and asked...."What does purple mean?" and I say "There is no purple it's either dark blue or black...dark blue means in love and black is mad." Which makes him cry even more and he asks...."will you pray that my gummie worms make it....and maybe the cute girl that I tried to give me phone number will call me? XxXRireRoseXxX: and we just look at each other like ummmmmmmmmm and i say " i'm sure the gummie worms will be ok" Godsgirl2472002: Then he says "My friend isn't going to sleep tonight if he doesn't...those gummie worms where from my closest friend...my mom" XxXRireRoseXxX: and then i just pat the dude on the back and say "it'll be ok" and walk away scared Godsgirl2472002: Then we wake up to the annoying buzzing of the alarm clock

 See, Jamie's got the right idea. As we see in the Bible, God really is a jingoist. His promise to Abraham was that only members of Abraham's race, ethnicity, and creed would be blessed. That whole " urlLink through your seed all nations will be blessed ," that was just a mistranslation. And Abraham really was American. And of Anglo-Saxon descent. Not a Middle Eastern nomad. All those people are heathens. What would I do with $115,000,000? Quit my job and go be a missionary. I think I would put most of it towards missions, long-term and short-term. I would also give some charitable contributions to organizations like urlLink ACTV and urlLink DATA and other things with cool acronyms. And I would buy a urlLink Porsche . Actually, I would buy two Porsches.

 What would I do with 115,000,000?? I would give it to George W. Bush to get him elected to a second term, just so Jon would get really irritated.

 A car and COLLAGE!!!!!..... and maybe a purple spotted giraffe.

 What would you do with $115,000,000?

 Yay! Shauna and Kelly are coming over! We are sooooo gonna watch ice age. If anyone gets this before 8pm today (tuesday) feel free to show up. You could feel free to bring a snack or drink too of course :) . We like you more if you give us food. By we I mean me. By you, I mean you, sitting right there, right now, reading this very sentence! FEED ME SEYMORE!

 I think that having serious discussions on the R=G blog actually adds to the randomness. For instance let's say you're reading a debate between Jon and Jamie, when suddenly there's a post by Jaron that has absoluty nothing to do with anything. It's much more entertaining when it's unexpected. If you're constantly random it wears off the effect. You have to randomly be random.

 obliverate....? I'm not evil, i just try to bring order to the chaos y'all have created. I'm trying to bring peace in troubled times and satisfy all. Once again, the discussion blog remains nearly empty. At least your attempts at serious discussion on R=G are now disguised in tactful, witty, and entertaining overtones.

 Hahahaha never! The smurfs shall take revenge upon you all, and since I don't believe in using symbols of peace to inflict violence, I shall obliverate you all with my mighty pikachu!

 by the way... Jamie, want to really taste of my symbol of peace... Ill give yall a taste of it and rock you in a pillow fight at camp hebron. Bring the ruckus!

 Jamie, how do you sleep at night when you use the almighty symbol of peace, your pillow, to beat someone over the head with?

 Since we're being all Biblical, Jamie, why bother with the pillow? Bring out the sword!!! Let slip the blogs of war! And Jesse, if when Jamie kills you in a Biblical, Christ-loving fashion you get a choice between pie heaven and regular heaven, choose pie heaven. It might be a trick but if not... mmmboy!

 I thought the bible teaches us in Rom 13 to submit to authority, not kill them. I thought we are supposed to obey our superiors. and since the blog nazi is the authority - as creator of this little universe (imperfect as it is) does that mean we should obey him no matter how evil he is? so when is it permissible to overthrow a government leader? How "evil" must he be before he deserves not to be obeyed... and then how evil must he be before he deserves to be sacked by your pillow? oh... and I will be building a pumpkin launcher just in case your pillow doesn't bring surrender.... to rock the blog nazi beyond shock & awe. He will never sleep in peaceful comfort again. (that is unless I feel conviction by the holy spirit, and decide to obey in humble submission)

 No Jon.....Paul espoused force (Specificly the sword) as a means to combat evildoers. Jon....do you believe that force is NEVER the way to solve a problem? This is an honest question. I want to make sure I don't have incorrect assumptions of your beliefs before I continue my discussion.

 Overthrow the evil dictator? Sure..........Let me grab my superior symbol of peace....my pillow....and sock him over the head over and over in gratutitous acts of violence until he surrenders.

 So who will play the blogging world's role of Dietrich Bonhoeffer to our new Fuhrer? I nominate Jamie, because he espouses violence as a means to solve problems. (as an aside... "I think this blogging issue is a fascinating study in sociology. Why will the DiscussTHIS blog fail? Because those who post believe no one will read it.")

 Now that the blog nazi fuhrer has secured a place in blogdom, he will proceed to do away with democracy, and implement a One Party state. The persecution of the Bloggers is about to begin. I call all bloggers to unite and overthrow this evil one before it is too late.

 thats a great story. it brought tears to my eyes. absolutely funny. and yeah... some (but not all) of the random things I post came from Deep Thoughts. I think it is histerically funny stuff, and usually completely random.

 Yes, Jack Handey is who she means. He writes great things, such as this: I remember I was hammering on a fence in the backyard when Dad approached. He was carrying a letter or something in his hand, and he looked worried. I continued to hammer as he came toward me. "Son," he said, "why are you hammering on that fence? It already has plenty of nails in it." "Oh, I'm not using nails," I replied. "I'm just hammering." With that, I returned to my hammering. Dad asked me to stop hammering, as he had some news. I did stop hammering, but first I got a couple more hammers in, and this seemed to make Dad mad. "I said, stop hammering!" he yelled. I think he felt bad for yelling at me, especially since it looked like he had bad news. "Look," he said, "you can hammer later, but first-" Well, I didn't even wait to hear the rest. As soon as I heard "You can hammer," that's what I started doing. Hammering away, happy as an old hammer dog. Dad tried to physically stop me from hammering by inserting a small log of some sort between my hammer and the fence. But I just kept on hammering, 'cause that's the way I am when I get that hammer going. Then, he just grabbed my arm and made me stop. "I'm afraid I have some news for you," he said. I swear, what I did next was not hammering. I was just letting the hammer swing lazily at arm's length, and maybe it tapped the fence once or twice, but that's all. That apparently didn't make any difference whatsoever to Dad, because he just grabbed my hammer out of my hand and flung it across the field. And when I saw my hammer flying helplessly through the air like that, I just couldn't take it. I burst out crying, I admit it. And I ran to the house, as fast as my legs could take me. "Son, come back!" yelled Dad. "What about your hammer?!" But I could not have cared less about hammering at that point. I ran into the house and flung myself onto my bed, pounding the bed with my fists. I pounded and pounded, until finally, behind me, I heard a voice. "As long as you're pounding, why not use this?" I turned, and it was Dad, holding a brand-new solid-gold hammer. I quickly wiped the tears from my eyes and ran to Dad's outstretched arms. But suddenly, he jumped out of the way, and I went sailing through the second-story window behind him. Whenever I hear about a kid getting in trouble with drugs, I like to tell him this story.

 now formatting C: i know about, but what is c:/fs:ntfs ?

 You see, Hitler was a really good leader for his people before he got all evil and crap. He provided for them and looked out for em and stuff, otherwise he would have been overthrown earlier and stuff. I'm trying to be a good leader by providing for everyone. A place for everything and everything in its place. That's what I always say... sometimes. Just trying to provide for the satisfaction of both those who want serious, political discussion and those who just want to relax and be entertained/ entertain others. Moving all those posts to the discussion blog is better than just deleting them, isn't it? if you'd like, I can just do that instead.

 Jamie, not only did Kairsie format c:, but she formatted c: /fs:ntfs - wow! :)

 So true... so very true... HEIL MICH!!!! Kairsie, do you mean Jack Handey?

 Jesse = blog nazi

 My dad obtained two new laptops for me... well, they aren't really NEW, but they are new to me. I get to format them and install a new OS and such. Maybe I should try Linux or something, huh? Maybe that's something to be discussed on the renewed discussion blog?

 Wow, the template for the urlLink discuss this blog is really nice-looking.

 Hey Kairsie.....just a thought.....formatting one's computer is the easy part (c:/> format c:\ Note to all you kids....don't try this at home )) Getting your computer to be a functioning member of society again....post format....thats the part that takes the intelligence. :) heh heh

 Ok, the last comment you made about the pumpkins came from the random saying of Jack....someone, right? I formatted my computer!!!!!!! Yeah I know, sounds like no big deal but for me it is.. I feel intelligent. ::grins::

 Here's a little quiz for all you. How much script mark up does it take to write "General rainbow bright" in rainbow colors with a glow filter?

 Dude!!! So... you're all big on smurf hunting and all... but... there's a problem with that. You see, for chaos day, each dorm on Calvin's campus has some sort of theme. For Beets Veenstra (kelly's dorm) the theme is Ghost Busters. Boer Bennink has a GI Joe theme. My dorm, though, has the theme of smurfs. Yes, you hurd me, smurfs. And let me tell you, no one will be hunting down US. We hunt down the other dorms and kill kill kill. Hooray!

 Okay, so I was really going to reply to everything that was said. Really, I was. I haven't been online for a week (apparently a very active week for the R=G blog) and had lots of catching up to do. But now I'm really really hungry and, hey, who thinks well on an empty stomach? Here's what I will say: I definitely agree with my sister about the debating getting very harsh. I think I remember saying that before, as well. If I said it about Jeff, though, I apologize. Jeff has some very good things to say, and a very efficacious method of presenting his point without insult or personal indignation. Jamie, I think maybe you should consider your own methods of presentation. Are you sure that the things you say are said in love? It doesn't quite feel that way to me. Don't take this as an attack; it's more of a request. Please say what you have to say in love, you Christian, you. Okay, gotta eat.

 Jesus and Satan have an argument as to who is the better computer programmer. This goes on for a few hours until they agree to hold a contest with God as the judge. They set themselves before their computers and begin. They type furiously for several hours, lines of code streaming up the screen. Seconds before the end of the competition, a bolt of lightning strikes, taking out the electricity. Moments later, the power is restored, and God announces that the contest is over. He asks Satan to show what he has come up with. Satan is visibly upset, and cries, "I have nothing! I lost it all when the power went out." "Very well, then," says God, "let us see if Jesus fared any better." Jesus enters a command, and the screen comes to life in vivid display, the voices of an angelic choir pour forth from the speakers. Satan is astonished. He stutters, "But how?! I lost everything yet Jesus' program is intact! How did he do it?" God chuckles, "Jesus saves."

 "so does that mean you don't have anything random or funny to say?" Said the chicken to the roastbeef

 sorry, oops

 Jon & Jamie & Jeff: I think it's great that you are debating all of these things, but the debates have definitely taken on a very negative tone, which makes visiting this blog not so pleasant. I'm all about friendly debate, but sometimes it goes too far. I'm ready for you all to attack me because you are all just having an "honest disagreement and discussion." It's just that it has come to a point where the negativity far outweighs the cheeriness, randomosity, and pleasantness. It's just not fun anymore. :( Oh well. It doesn't matter. This isn't even my blog. I just wanted you guys to know that it makes me sad. And now I'll leave you to your debating...so long my blogging friends. I'll miss you. *Sniff*

 oh... before I get back to work, hope all yall single folks enjoy this - these pickup lines really work! Christian pick up lines: - Excuse me, I believe one of your ribs belongs to me. - My friend told me to come and meet you, he said that you are a really nice person. I think you know him. Jesus, yeah, that's his name. - You know they say that you have never really dated, until you have dated a Christian. - Yeah I predicted David over Goliath. - Did I tell you that my great-uncle was a personal friend of Billy Graham? - What do you think Paul meant when he said, 'Greet everyone with a holy kiss'? - You have the body of Amy Grant and the soul of Mother Teresa. - You know, I'm really into relationship evangelism. - I'm pretty flexible - I don't think a woman should be submissive on the first date. - Before tonight, I never believed in predestination. - Just looking at you makes me feel all ecumenical. - I hear there's going to be a love offering tonight. - I want to check your shirt label to see if you were made in heaven. - I know why Solomon had 700 wives, because he never found you.

 Jamie, if I missunderstood I'm sorry... to me, your post seemed more like a rant than "mourning." I didn't mean to attack your post, I agreed with much of it. We should call sin, sin... but mostly calling sin sin is helpful in the context of the church... for example if we found girls that profess Christ making out. Then you should not go easy on them, but hold them to a higher standard... do you know what I mean? Jesus went easy on the sinners, and was harsh to religious hypocrites... I tend to have the same leanings. But the difference is that even non-believers believed in moral right and wrongs. what do you mean by that? what morals? the word moral is too general, it can mean something to one person, and something completely different to someone else. "moral" people kill people every day. Sometimes, "immoral" people actually are quite nice people - going to hell, but pretty easy to get along with. did you mean that back in the day "even non-believers believed in BIBLICAL moral right and wrongs."? Because thats sort of what I was getting at. I believe that statement to be generally true in many cases, BUT I'm not sure that it is worth mourning. Unfortunately, now there are many in our country that believe that they can get to heaven just by being a good american. It has led to a great lukewarmness in the church... now thats worth mourning. Christians should hold each other to a very high standard... but the sinners, well we need to accept and love them as they are. Does this sound reasonable, or crazy. ummm now Im not getting my work done. ok... back to work

 Allow me to quote at length (because, hey, I'm not paying for the server space...) "Can you imagine a lesbian kiss on national television even 10 years ago? Of course not. Can you imagine the amount of sex that is on just about every sit-com now being acceptable 40 years ago. Of course not. I have had people tell me that the culture is not deteriorating in our country. Thats the most unintelligent and inane comment I have ever heard. Just take a look around. Even non-believers acknowledge it. We are steadily eroding the foundation of morality that our conuntry was built on. Was everybody a christian back in the day? Of course not. But the difference is that even non-believers believed in moral right and wrongs. Even non-belivers acknowledged that there was a clear definition of what was right and wrong. The moral deficiencies we see today are a clear result of the moral ambiguity created by our post-modern culture." I take issue with almost that entire paragraph. "We are steadily eroding the foundation of morality that our conuntry [sic] was built on." The more that I learn and the more I filter out the propaganda I've been inundated with for my entire life, the more I realize - my country was not founded on morality. My country was founded on rebellion. How does the Revolutionary War stand up to a Romans 13 litmus test? It seems to fail miserably. "Consequently, he who rebels against the authority is rebelling against what God has instituted, and those who do so will bring judgment on themselves." That's what Paul, inspired by the Holy Spirit, said. Our wonderful, "Godly" forefathers, inspired by greed, said, "[W]hen a long train of abuses and usurpations... reduce[s] them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government." How would Paul feel about that? Oh, I forgot. We were justified because we won. So, point A, I have a country founded on rebellion. I have a country expanded at the expense of the dignity and, yes, even the lives of the indigenous people of this continent. Is that Christ-like? Founded on rebellion, expanded on murder, and enriched on the backs of uncompensated black men and women. Is that Godly? Biblical? Right ? And you have the audacity to complain about a sexual publicity stunt? "That shouldn't happen in this Godly nation!" Well, should that wonderfully moral forefather, Thomas Jefferson, have fathered children with his slave women? Would Jesus condone that? Would Jesus condone slavery? What about adultery? But Jefferson was justified, because he won. That's the way things work in America. He who wins writes the rules. What about righting the wrongs? Did anyone ever think about that? I suppose not. I suppose it was A-OK to screw Mexico out of territory its citizens rightfully owned. I suppose it was OK to annex Hawaii illegally. I suppose it was OK to lock Japanese-Americans up in internment camps during World War II. But a lesbian kiss!? On television? In this moral nation? It can't be! That is why I say that our standard needs to be the Word of God. Populist morals will constantly be changing. What was permissible 50 years ago is not permissible today, and what is permissible today may not have been permissible 50 years ago and may not be permissible 50 years from now. Stop saying, "Why were the old days better than these?" It is not wise to ask such questions. Especially when the old days weren't that much better. If we make our standard the Word of God, have an open mind because we only see in part, maybe we can begin to make relevant critiques of culture. I think, though, that if we hold our nation to that standard, it doesn't, and indeed never did, measure up. But that's the beauty of it. Christ didn't come to save "America" or "Tanzania" He came to save people. And if we can get our focus off man-made borders and political ideologies and begin to care about what Jesus cares about - people - we'll be living the way Christ intended us to. (Now, if you were to make the case that media has declined from an ethical viewpoint in the past few years, that argument might hold some water. But media does not encompass the whole of society.)

 Jamie, the reason I rarely jump in the middle of these debates is because by the time I get around to reading it all, it becomes so muttled that I can't figure out what the origional point made was. Plus, all 3 of you guys are alot more politically and biblicaly intelligent than I am. I would most likely end up making points that have already been said in much higher vocabulary and just sound redundant. But my opinion on "the shocking lesbian kiss", was it really that shocking? The way our media portrays sex these days, you're almost concidered not normal if you're a completly straight female. Either that, or you're just lying and denying if you claim to be completly heterosexual. But what can we do about it? Pray...seriously that's the only thing we really can do about it.....AND the whole foundation of homosexual acts is a spiritual thing, so praying would actually be more affective than protesting (yes I know that sounds completly hypocritical coming from the activist) But if we protest more against it, claiming it's vile and shouldn't be public like that, the church is just gonna be looked at as even more of a "hater". Cause as Jeff said, how can we expect non-christians to act christian?

 I just had a thought...why is it only Jeff, Jon, and I that are discussing this issue. I would like to hear what some of you others think. Kairsie, Jesse....

 {sigh} Let me start with Jeffs post.....Jeff: "why do you continue to expect non-christians to act Christian" . Umm...I don't. I'm not sure what I said that made it look like that. I'm not surprised at all. I fully expect it. Thats precisly what my post was about. We will see more and more of this in the future. I expect that next year we will see even more "non-Christian" things on TV. Jeff: "As far as I know, girls kissing girls is not "illegal" in this country..." No Jeff...I didn't say it was. Jeff: "Thats why our forfathers gave their lives. And that is why our troups are in Iraq - so that even Iraqi lesbians can kiss each other on Iraqi TV without recieving persecution. " First off, you can disagree with military action, thats your business, but the way you mock those who don't is disapointing. {sigh} And I am sorry you are so mistaken about why our forefathers gave their lives. Providing for lesbian kissing has nothing to do with why the founders of this country came here. For the sake of our country and the rest of the world, I hope this view is not a common one. No one is talking about persecuting anyone....they have all the right in the world to kiss each other. My post had nothing to do with this. My post only mourned the fact that it has become acceptable. You and Jon are so quick to jump down my back that you totally missed what I was saying. Speaking of you, my dear friend Jon..... :-) ..... Jon: "Someone remind to correct Jamie in the error of his ways when I get a chance" . I stand by every word that I said. It is perfectly true to say that alot of our country's standards for morality have slipped over time. My post simply mourned this. It also challanged the church to stand up and say it is wrong. I heard precious few christians stand up and say what happened on MTV was wrong. I am sorry to tell you, but if a Christian stands up and calls sin to task, it is very likely that they will be margianalized and not looked at as "cutting edge". We will not always be able to be accepted in the worlds circles if we choose to stand up and say "that is a sin because the Bible ways so". I am not sure what you have to attack in my post. I simply stated the fact that in increasing ways homosexuality is being accepted in our culture and that is unfortunate. Then I chastized the church for not calling sin...sin. I then said "Pray for our country...we are the most influencial country on the planet, and MTV is the kind of crap that we are exporting around the world. Pray that the US will return to the beliefs that made it great." Hmmm...I'm sorry to hear that you disagree with this, Jon. Go to another country and you will very likely hear Brittany Spears blasting from radios everywhere. I would have thought you too would be disapointed that this is what other countries see of us. As I said before, you totally missed the entire point of what i was trying to say. I certainly did not say that wringing our hands and whining was the way to fix it. Absolutely not. Rather, Christians need to "infiltrate" ALL parts of culture....entertainment, government, business, etc....and stand up for truth...whether or not the world always thinks of us as "cutting edge". Off to eat my lunch...in the 2 minutes I have left after writing this post....I think I have yogurt today....oh and peach pie..should be good.

 So what is the whole point? That it wouldn't have happened 40 years ago? You most likely read urlLink how I feel about that concept ... I think that is missing the whole point.

 oh Jeff....you missed the whole point....again.

 Heh heh the "DiscussTHIS" blog died. Again.

 oh... that thing with kairsie and mel... it is so great. I love it oh... and I'd take the $115,000,000 and create a foundation. Then id seriously pray really hard. that kind of money (especially if people know you have it) is enough to destroy a person, and all of his closest relationships. oh... and jamie on the lesbian kiss.... why do you continue to expect non-christians to act Christian? why does it surprize you when the unsaved act unsaved. As far as I know, girls kissing girls is not "illegal" in this country. Thats why our forfathers gave their lives. And that is why our troups are in Iraq - so that even Iraqi lesbians can kiss each other on Iraqi TV without recieving persecution. but for those who have had a real encounter with Christ it is like "Do not conform any longer to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. Then you will be able to test and approve what God's will is--his good, pleasing and perfect will." Rom 12:2 etc.

 urlLink big 'ole long post

 I need Shauna's email address. Can someone email it to me? Thanks. (amandamwalls@hotmail.com)

 "So how are we to bring the gospel to aboriginal natives without destroying them?" 1. Do not kill them... duh 2. Realize that God is bigger than mans traditions. Recognize their traditions as long as they don't conflict with scriptures (like head hunting or something) 3. Become like them. - the ultimate respect. (most missionarys don't do this because they cant give up conveniences they are used to) 4. Realize that Life, Liberty, and Pursuit of Happiness is not all that there is. 5. Speak their mother tongue - their heart language. if I had time, I would write more... i never said it was gonna be easy

 Yeah, I agree. Hey here's a question for ya'll: can radom things be intricate?

 Toki doki kuruma de kayotte imasu.

 Random factoid - The placement of a donkey's eyes in its head enables it to see all four feet at all times. I bet you didn't know that.

 Glad my sister's having a good time. I am too. I was just reading in my history book (and I think I'm actually understanding it in a way that I'll remember it later! PRAISE GOD!!!) and came across this quote from Cristoforo Colombo (aka Christopher Columbus) describing his first personal experiences with the native americans in the Bahamas: "Monday, 12 November They are very gentle and do not know what evil is; nor do they kill others, nor steal; and they are without weapons and so timid that a hundred of them flee from one of our men even if our men are teasing them. And they are credulous and aware that there is a God in heaven and convinced that we come from the heavens; and they say very quickly any prayer that we tell them to say, and they make the sign of the cross." Now I know that some or all of you believe that our administration of culture to indigenous peoples across the world was of great benefit to those peoples, but when people are transformed from peace-lovers who "do not know what evil is" to warmongers, I find it hard to believe that such an impact on the part of European expansionists could be a positive one. So how are we to bring the gospel to aboriginal natives without destroying them?

 I'm baaaaaaack! I just couldn't stay away. (Oh, and Jeff: just so you know, I almost didn't include your name in the list of addressees.) So anyway, let me just tell you how much fun the Schluter children are! Um... I mean, teens and tweens. Not children. Whatever. Anyway, their 'rents are away and I'm staying here with them and it is just way too much fun! They are crazy, crazy kids, which makes me love them all the more! Plus, Luda makes some pretty rockin' cookies. PeeWee cookies. 'cept she calls them "PeeVee Cyookies." It's great! I want a Russian accent! I figure that by the end of the week, I'll have it down. On a sadder note, I miss my brother. And his games. But mostly my brother. :) *Sigh* Kelly: I'm all about visiting (of course) sometime soon. Jesse recommended late October or November. We'll see. I need to figure out how I'm going to get off and who's going to come with me and how we're going to fit all those interested into my tiny little Civic. The last time we were packed full with only three of us. Hmm.... if lots of people are interested and are able to help split the cost, I'll look into renting a minivan or something. Renting will be cheaper after January, though, when I'm....GASP!....twenty-freakin-five! Dude. I'm not really sure how I feel about that. Kinda strange. Not as freaked-out-in-a-bad-way as I thought I'd be. The 20s rock, man. Well.......I need to crash ( I stayed up way too late last night to finish my book! I need to go to bed early on school nights in order to survive!). Have a lovely Tuesday, my friends. And just to clarify, I'm not anti-debate. Not at all. Just anti-all-debate-and-all-grumpinessishness. I love making up words. :) ciao.

 Its even scarier when you looks at the painting of Johanna Veenstra in our dorm lobby, you can't really tell that she's a girl... Just overall,very frightening. And well, noordwier-Vanderwerp (jesse's dorm), Thats not exactly normal either! Stupid Dutch people... (not really, i love the Dutch people, well kind of...) As you have probably figured out, Jesse and I are back at school, we welcome visitors, so if you'd like to visit, let us know, maybe we can hook you up with some quality Michigan time. Kelly

 oh... and amanda... soooo sooowyyyy, heres a tissue, won't you please come out and play?

 oh my... i just discoverd some radical news urlLink you can read more here This is actual proof that the smurfs is actually COMMUNIST PROPAGANDA. wow "I like most of my generation grew up watching the Smurfs. I loved them so much that I tuned in every Saturday mourning to see what crazy hy-jinx those lovable little blue creatures would get up to. It is just now that I have realized what I was really tuning into each and every Saturday morning was in actuality Communist Propaganda!! Yes that is correct, Papa Smurf and all of his little smurf minions are not the happy little characters Hanna Barbara would have us believe! The cartoon was really created by the Russian government in order to indoctrinate the youngest members of western society with communist beliefs and ideals thus destroying their resistance to the imminent Russian invasion that was to occur when this generation (my generation) grew up. Looking back, our resistance was not destroyed (only our happy childhood memories) but only due to the determination of other cartoons such as G.I. Joe and Richie Rich who's goal it was to instill in the children of the western world the morals and values of Capitalism. "

 just for the record, kelly is doomed... living in a dorm named after a purple vegetable... just not scary. "look out for that guy with a beet" or "did you hear about the dorm with beets of mass distruction" And sorry jesse... I think you may be doomed as well... all it takes to rid the world of smurfs is some snow angels (or dirt angels if there is no snow) Jaron is the master of dirt angels - or gravel angels. Good luck jesse, I wish you the best, as you pretend to be smurfs... but pray you don't run into the real thing - it could be disasterous.

 Jesse is right on! Christians should do there best to be educated and articulate, being salt and light to all parts of society.

 Another quote from my history text, this time about the Society of Jesus in the mid-1500s: "Ignatius [the founder of the Jesuits] required that members of the society, known as Jesuits, complete a rigorous and advanced education. They receive instruction not only in theology and philosophy but also in classical languages, literature, history, and science. As a result of this preparation - and their unswerving dedication to the Roman Catholic church - the Jesuits made extraordinarily effective missionaries. They were able to out arguie most of their opponents and acquired a reputation for discipline and determination. They often served as counselors to kings and rulers..." This is what today's church need! God's body needs people who are as dedicated to God as the Jesuits were to the Roman Catholic Church. We need people who are willing not just to go to foreign countries, but to take the time and make the effort to prepare themselves and become effective missionaries. Most people of this world are unwilling to listen to the uneducated, and believe it or not, the lack of an education (though not considered to be important to some) can create an impermeable barrier between the missionary and those in need.

 If you really wanted it, you would walk four and a half blocks away and dance like a turtle that's stuck upside down on it's back and can't flip over. If you didn't really want it, you would cut it in half and sell it to two different people, because then you could make a profit and run away to Cuba.

 urlLink Teen Girl Squad 4!

 urlLink Don't live in ignorance anymore.

 That old joke about the blind woman who answered the hot iron won't seem so funny when you're hospitalized after talking on one for 45 minutes.

 So I'm thinking about this "legislating morality" issue, and I think I'm opposed to the concept of making people behave "Christian" because it's the law. But when you take it one step past that, all law is an attempt for society to agree upon, and therefore legislate, that which is moral. Law is defined as "A rule of conduct or procedure established by custom, agreement, or authority." Morality is defined as "A system of ideas of right and wrong conduct." We are looking at the same thing here. So what is a Christians role in working towards an agreed upon framework for right living as a whole society? (Now I'm going to go burn Thomas Edison in effigy. Wicky-wicky.)

 Jeff, when you post a link, remember to put "http://" at the beginning of the link, or else it doesn't work. That trailer rocked though.

 There are only 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary and those who don't.

 top 10 ways the amish party 10. Wet bonnet contest. 9. Chug maple syrup until you blow chunks. 8. Cram as many dudes as you can find into a buggy. 7. Buttermilk kegger. 6. Burn past the square dance on a seriously rad Clydesdale. 5. Sleep until 6 a.m. 4. Churn butter in the nude. 3. Consort with the witches off of the cover of a discarded "Which Witch?" game. 2. Squeeze cats to make the "wicky-wicky" sound like rap DJs. 1. Burn Thomas Edison in effigy.

 Check out this trailer for the new Benny Hinn DVD: urlLink www.thedoormagazine.com/Merchant2/graphics/00000001/hinn2.wvx

 Often I ponder the meanings of life, religion, and the scientific theory of space and time and I've come to the conclusion that, whoa, wait a sec, I just realized how much I like cheese!

 the mennonite statement is not perfect... it needed more work, but as I understand it, didn't have time to go through the whole thought process. 98% of the thing is good. - we need to acknowledge that Can/should we legislate morality? What did Jesus have to say about the Law? How far does that go? I believe it is best to not legislate morality as long as it is personal... for example censorship or things with consenting adults... something like that. BUT when it comes to affecting someone else, (like killing them) well then I think we should have some laws against it. I suggest that the mennonite statement is flawed, and probably not intentionally flawed as much as sloppily flawed due to the lack of time. I just read the whole thing here urlLink http://www.mennoniteusa.org/NewItems/delegates/statement_abortion.pdf I agree with about 157 out of 160 lines...and I was actually surprized how thoughtful and not typical Christian. It addresses hard questions and doesn't necissarily give all the answers. I particularly liked the one section "Human life begins at conception. We agree that any attempt to define the beginning of humanness at a point along the spectrum of development is a mistake, tempting as it may be." I've been asking myself that question for a while... when do we become human? (different from animals) This statement assures me that it is too hard a question to answer. I guess I can live with that - although my mind would like a more concrete answer. this would be a good discussion for my bible study I think... We could study the scriptures and see what the bible says on all this stuff...

 so jamie, are you asking for people to reply to your blog comment? Are you starting a conversation or debate or what? Maybe we should ask permission from the blog nazi first.

 Dude! I just bought a book that has articles from The Onion for the past 100 years. It's awesome.

 Nancy Reagan Ends Nation's Drug Problem with Very Special Diff'rent Strokes Appearance - Youths, Addicts Learn They Can 'Just Say No -Headline from The Onion, March 23, 1983

 Jonathan Freakin' Carlson......... nothing. I just like the way it sounds.

 "Here's a clue - there are only two possible solutions, and both are rather interesting." I think there are actually three possibilities...

 Jamie freakin' Detweiler. Your powers of projection (The attribution of one's own attitudes, feelings, or suppositions to others) and assumption never cease to amaze me. Did the people protesting look like bigoted idiots? Quoting from CNN - "A black student filed a complaint with SMU, saying the sale was offensive. SMU officials said they halted the event after 45 minutes because it created a potentially unsafe situation." Hmm. Someone thought they were being bigots. I clearly think they were being idiots. "Another point that comes to mind...no where in the article does it state the the [sic] race of the protestors...You ASSUMED they are all white..." Really? I did? This is where that whole "projection" thing comes into play. Read my post. Did I ever say they were white? The word "white" occurs exactly twice in my post - both times being quoted by CNN, speaking of the pricing structure. So who's the one doing the assuming here? It certainly isn't me. And were they Republican? Who else in Texas would be considered a "Young Conservative"? And, from the article, "Similar sales have been held by College Republican chapters at colleges in at least five other states since February." Yes, I know that statement doesn't identify the party affiliations of the SMU students, but it clearly paints the picture. And was it a Democratic or Republican president who filed an amicus brief with the Supreme Court opposing affirmative action? I can't recall. My liberal brain, oh so long on opinions but woefully short on facts has failed me again. I am blown away by the fact that you felt a need to combat my post. It was facts and questions with a minute amount of editorializing. You must be so insecure in your worldview that when you see something even remotely critical of something you think you might agree with but aren't sure you just race to its defense. Why would you do that? You missed the entire point of my post - Who bought the cookies, and what does that teach us about affirmative action? Here's a clue - there are only two possible solutions, and both are rather interesting. Oh, nevermind. Quick, to the Rhetoric Mobile! Someone is asking intelligent questions! We can't be expected to come up with answers , so let's just become indignant and make fun of liberals! Rush agrees with it, so it must be right!

 In response to Jon's blog. Read it urlLink here A few things in response to this.... Quote from Jon's blog: "The Young Conservatives of Texas organized the sale as a protest of affirmative action, but instead just looked like bigoted idiots." Hey Jon....the purpose of the protest was to get nationwide news coverage of their issue. IT WORKED! The purpose was to have blogs all over the country talking about them and their issue....IT WORKED! Both you and Kelly are talking about it, and now its on the Random blog too! They didn't do the bake sale to raise money for thier compassion child sponsorship or something....they did it to GET NOTICED....I'd say it came off exactly as they hoped! :-) I don't think they really care if a liberal democrat in Reading, PA things they are bigots. Second Quote: "According to CNN, "A sign said white males had to pay $1 for a cookie. The price was 75 cents for white women, 50 cents for Hispanics and 25 cents for blacks."" Jon...I would have thought you would have applauded this pricing structure.... Another point that comes to mind...no where in the article does it state the the race of the protestors...You ASSUMED they are all white... Hmm....you assume a conservative group is made up of all white males. That is as much a false stereotype as what you accuse others of, my friend. What if the group was made up of both African-Americans, Latino's and Caucasions. There are MANY minorities who despise affirmative action and the "victim" mentality it propagates. Third Quote: "Now, assuming the Young Conservatives stuck to their prices (which is a fair assumption - they're Republican)" I thought you knew better then that, Jon....It didn't say anywhere in the article that they were Republicans....it said they were conservatives! I wouldn't have thought I would have had to tell you, but there is many times QUITE a difference. Well, but that's a liberal for you...plenty of opinions, usually a little short on the facts.... ;-) [The preceding smily face was for those out there who can't take intelectual disagreement. For those of you who fit that description as well as the voters of Florida, here is the more literal translation, from the original Latin....."I don't hate Jon. I think he is way wrong on a lot of things, but I don't hate him." If you still have questions call Rev. Al Sharpton...he'll have a support group for you.] Well...it would seem the Young Conservatives of Texas suceeded at their goal with flying colors. They got a liberal from Reading, PA help get out their message...Impressive my young conservative friends, impressive.

 Oh, and I was thinking of changing the URL of this blog. rg is taken r=g doesn't work randomgood is taken randomisgood is taken i bet randomequalsgood would work http://randomsgood.blogspot.com is open we could also try different urls... cuz swyftx2 is narcissistic of me :)

 From kelly: "Hmm... maybe the prime ministers of blogging would like to create a prayer blog..." Does that sound like an idea that would interest any of you?

 From a friend's AIM profile... You walk up a hill and then down the hill and then around the corner.. you find a dime, you pick it up, you walk to the store and you buy some rabbit food with the dime you found... you use the rabbit food to catch a rabbit in the woods.. then finally when you get the rabbit. you name it george and take it everywhere you go

 Several men are in the locker room of a golf club. A cell phone on a bench rings and a man engages the hands-free speaker function and begins to talk. Everyone else in the room stops to listen. Man: "Hello?" Woman: "Honey, it's me. Are you at the club?" Man: "Yes." Woman: "I am at the mall now and found this beautiful leather coat. It's only $1,000. Is it okay if I buy it, sweetie?" Man: "Sure... go ahead if you like it that much. I want you to be happy." Woman: "I also stopped by the Mercedes dealership and saw the new 2003 models. I saw one that I really liked. It's a beautiful silver." Man: "How much?" Woman: "$60,000" Man: "Okay, but for that price I want it with all the options." Woman: "Great! Oh, and just one more thing... the house we wanted last year is back on the market. They're asking $950,000." Man: "Wow, then go ahead and make them an offer, but just offer $895,000." Woman: "Okay. Thank you darling -- you're wonderful! I'll see you later! I love you!" Man: "Bye, I love you too." The man hangs up. The other men in the locker room are looking at him in astonishment. Then he asks: "Anyone know who this phone belongs to?"

 Well put, young grasshopper.

 Jon, oooh pick me pick me, i would love to come, "blasting with both barrels in defense of highly educated Christians"..... it is an important discussion. God calls individuals into higher educations for his purposes just as much as he called others into the mission field or other occupations. i think the important part is that for too long Christian have stayed away from higher education - excluding theology and divinity studies. part of this avoidence is the fact that Christians have not been involved in fields such as medical science and research, and when they have they voice some obsurd opinions and fail to show the love of Christ through their intellectuality. therefore making it harder for other Christians to make in roads in these intellectual areas, and even be taken seriously. God has given some people amazing understanding of different fields and those people can impact a larger community of secular intellectuals that laymen may not be able to because of his inablity to speak the same language.... i have lots more to say on this issue, but alas i must get back to the Library to work on my Sr. Thesis... sounds impressive huh?! :)

 I'm still waiting for someone to come blasting with both barrels in defense of highly educated Christians... Kelly? Jesse? Jamie? St. Francis? Anyone?

 The Philadephia Art Museum is incredible! It's also open by donation on Sundays.

 Speaking of homophones, urlLink this quiz rocks . I got 7 out of 10.

 Oh, and given the subject matter, I can't resist. Christians shouldnt do there best, they should do their best. Those homophones are killer. :)

 Jesse, Jamie, Good points. Os Guinness writes "We evangelicals need to examine our anti-intellectualism, confess its pervasiveness, repent of its wrongness and seek God's restoration to live up to our name--truly believing people of the gospel who love God not only with our hearts, soul and strength, but also with our minds... Thus, if we take the commands of Jesus seriously, we cannot dismiss the charge of anti-intellectualism as elitism or intellectual snobbery. As God has given us minds, we can measure obedience by whether we are loving Him with those minds, and disobedience by whether we are not." Jesse said "Most people of this world are unwilling to listen to the uneducated, and believe it or not, the lack of an education (though not considered to be important to some) can create an impermeable barrier between the missionary and those in need." I see your point. But what about this? Acts 4:13 reads "When they saw the courage of Peter and John and realized that they were unschooled, ordinary men, they were astonished and they took note that these men had been with Jesus." Interesting. The intellectual shortcomings of Peter and John pointed those around them to the source of all truth, the source of all learning, Jesus himself. I would much rather people see that I have been with Jesus than see a Masters of Divinity from Yale or a PhD from Oxford. I would be content with a one page Curricula Vitae - Jon Carlson has been with Jesus. Now, I don't believe the two are mutually exclusive. Intelligent people can be with Jesus. But where does the emphasis lie? One more verse - Ecc. 12:11b "Of making many books there is no end, and much study wearies the body."

 BTW well said Jamie :)

 mmmm i am hungry for red Jell-O

 oh... and on my political beliefs... smaller less intrusive government is better government - thats a clearly republican idea - and sort of the reason that America was invented. And so in general, I support the Republican party. Both parties support killing. One supports killing the unborn, the other supports killing mean people, and innocent people in other countries. They are both wrong so that cancels out the issue of "killing" as a way for me to pick a policital party. Democrats try to take more of my money to waste on stuff. At least the republicans try to let local governments make more of those important decisions.

 UNFAIR jesse you are mean why is it that I constantly have to come on here and stand up for my homies. earlier this week, I had to come on here, and bust shaunas chops for beating up on my girl Kairsie, Shauna got so flusterd that she didnt know what to say, and tried to change the topic. now I got to stand up for my boy jon. Jesse - besides the fact that you are an orange alien with green antennea with a big butt... the reason your butt is so big is that you are full of crap. Jon never said on his blog that he agreed with or believes the news media "scandals." Maybe he found them ironic.

 And then the purple elephants came by riding on their pogo sticks and I asked one of them if they could teach me how to ride a pogo stick and they did, and it rocked until I hopped on a stone and flipped over. Then the giraffe took me to get some ice cream.

