 In honor of the bonfire that will be happening at Bolsa Chica tomorrow, i felt it would be appropriate to show the TOP 28 SIGNS YOU'RE TOO DRUNK: 1. You lose arguments with inanimate objects. 2. You have to hold onto the lawn to keep from falling off the earth. 3. Your job is interfering with your drinking. 4. English becomes a second language to "Drunken-ese" 5. Career won't progress beyond Senator from Massachusetts. 6. The back of your head keeps getting hit by the toilet seat. 7. Sincerely believe alcohol to be the elusive 5th food group. 8. Twenty-four hours in a day, 24 beers in a case - coincidence?? I think not! 9. Two hands and just one mouth... now THAT'S a drinking problem. 10.You can focus better with one eye closed. 11. The parking lot seems to have moved while you were in the bar. 12. You fall off the floor... 13. Your twin sons are named Barley and Hops. 14. Hey, 5 beers has just as many calories as a burger, screw dinner! 15. Mosquitoes catch a buzz after attacking you 16. At AA meetings you begin: "Hi, my name is...uh..." 17. Your idea of cutting back is less salt. 18. You wake up in the bedroom, your underwear is in the bathroom; you fell asleep clothed hmm. 19. The whole bar says, Hi, when you come in. 20. You think the Four Basic Food Groups are Caffeine, Nicotine, Alcohol, and [Women or Men]. 21. Every night you're beginning to find your roommate's cat more and more attractive. 22. Roseanne looks good. 23. Don't recognize wife unless seen through bottom of your glass. 24. That damned pink elephant followed you home again. 25. Senators Kennedy and Packwood shake their heads when they walk past you. 26. Youre as jober as a sudge. 27. The shrubbery's drunk from too frequent watering. 28. You wake up screaming "TORO TORO TORO!" in the middle of the night. if you fit any one of these, put down the beer and come out and party with me... haha

 here's some food for thought, a recent study has shown that ppl with low college admissions scores tend to turn to teaching as a profession. how f--ed up is that?

 here's the DAMP (daily away message post), # 3 in the series: do you think the existence of armpit odor tends to argue against the existence of God? because why would God do that to us?

 some ppl (i.e. the women) may be offended by the following quiz, but see how well you do anyways urlLink Please participate in my quiz!

 so far, these last two quizzes have focused on the wonderful world of me so i'm gonna start to making a quiz that's all-encompassing and some ppl who i don't know at all have answered my quiz, so i'm kinda surprised that ppl other than my friends are reading this, which makes me feel kinda weird... i mean, my friends kinda know what to expect when they read my blogs, but for these ppl who don't know me it's like a whole new ballgame. oh well, loveline's on so i'm gonna listen to that for a while

 urlLink Participate in my new quiz, you bastard oh yea, i don't know why i included that fat chick thing in my last blog, but if i offended anyone i apologize. hell, i apologize to all those ppl that read it regardless... i was just babbling for no apparent reason other than to be an ass... haha. talk to y'all later

 alright, i've heard that the quiz is kinda difficult from some ppl (hi john) and so i'm gonna make another one that's a bit easier... haha. anyways, i'm gonna have to head off to class soon so i'll post the link to the new quiz like in two or three hours... just don't bitch about this one. but one thing i've learned about the larger women, they tend to be either extremely mean, bitter, and sarcastic, or really nice. i think it's because (1) they're jealous/envious of the skinny people and mad at the world for being overweight or (2) they figure they can't get by on their looks/sex appeal and so concoct this excellent personality that makes ppl like them. but i'd rather be fat than a left handed lesbian albino midget eskimo

 first off, here's the DAMP (daily away message post), # 2 in the series: WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may cause a disturbance in the time-space continuum, whereby small (and sometimes large) gaps of time may seem to literally disappear. anyways, i have 8am class MWF and so i set my alarm for 6:45am on those days. well, i woke up a lil after 6, then went back to sleep... now either my alarm didn't go off, or i'm getting really good at overextending my arm to reach the off switch cuz i ended up waking up at 7:10. which is kinda weird since i would've snoozed my alarm til then anyways

 hey real quick, if you wanna find some crazy sound files (downloaded from the web and what not) go to urlLink http://y42.briefcase.yahoo.com/bc/b511b there's not much there right now, but i'll be adding stuff every once in a while, k? k

 loveline's got some funny shit... i highly recommend it. anyways, i'll talk to y'all tomorrow with a new AMP

 damn it, john pv got me on this damn blogger thing and now i spent all damn day working on it and my quiz... but it was fun though

 alright, i just spent the last hour or so updating my quiz so you better check it out

 fuckin a... urlLink Please participate in my quiz!

 well shit, the link didn't show up... hope it does this time urlLink

 alright, go to urlLink and see if i can call you a friend, an ass, or a cab

 i just wrote a quiz and it should be up soon

 yea i know i just blogged and after that last essay i wrote i figured i be done too, but i can't help myself... www.crazyshit.com is the best website if you like to watch some crazy, well, shit... haha and although they put up a fee to view the material, at $7 a year it's so fuckin worth it...

 i just have to say that living with a girl roommate is pretty frickin cool... i mean, not only does she clean up the apartment but when she cooks, she makes me some too. damn, now i just need to find me a girl who's just like that but will let me do stuff to her... hehe. anyways, two weeks of classes left and then finals. yea yea, all those ppl who attend semester schools (like CSULB) are already out of school and laughing at us quarter folk, but come September 1 when you guys have to shuffle off to class i'll be sitting on the beach with some hot chick... or at least a cold beer. but i digress, this has definitely been the most difficult school year of my life and i hope i do a hell of a lot better this quarter than my last two ones. after finals i'm gonna go to laughlin with my best buds chris, dave, and vinicio (vee-nee-cee-o), get a lil gamblin on, go do some ski-dooing, and a hell of a lot of drinkin. and hopefully there'll be a lot of chicks there... haha. i hope i can keep my gambling winning streak up... when i went to vegas for my 21st 2.5 weeks ago, i had $120 in my wallet and over $200 when i got back... which definitely made chris a bit jealous. well, i'm looking forward to a beach bonfire this friday... which is nice, seeing as i haven't been to one in almost a year or so. and if you ever go to one, when no one is looking (or better yet, when they are looking) toss in an unopened can of soda/beer/something and be prepared for a nice lil explosion. god, i love doing that. oh well, i suppose i'll take a nap or something but i should probably clean my room and/or study. oh well, only 5 more weeks til i find out if i will start med school in the fall. which is weird, because i explicitly remember being in my 6th grade class (with Mr Konowal... big props to all those fellow Cawthonites) and he was asking all the kids what they wanted to be when they grew up... i replied, "a surgeon, cuz you get to cut ppl up and see their guts." now 9 years later i'm about ready to start my childhood dream and i honestly can't describe how that feels. first off, the whole concept of being a physician when you're 11 seems so far off in the future (as it did up until i actually applied to med school) that it seems more like a lofty and grandiose dream than anything close to reality. but as i stand here at the fork-in-the-road of life, i can't help but wonder what could have been had i not gotten sick so often as a child or had such a great biology teacher as Mr Reid. it's been a long , tough road and there's been a lot of times (mostly within this past year or so), in which the pressure has gotten to me and i think it's really changed how i perceived myself, my family, my friends, and life in general. but mostly it made me want a spry 18 year old hottie to "talk" to... so if you know someone like that, have them IM or email me (see my first blog to find that info) haha... later oh yea, and if i don't come back, avenge my death

 i was thinking that every day (or every other day) i'd let you guys out there read one of my away messages since i know a lot of my friends tend to get a kick out of them. so here is the inaugural away message post (AMP): A is for academics, B is for beer. One of those reasons is why I'm not here. ok, for all those so cal KROQ listeners (for those nonlisteners, it's not pronounced crock but like kay rock) i'm getting really pissed off with this whole Depeche Mode concert tix giveaway. i can't stand that band and wish they would just die... or just stop playing their music... ya know, which ever is easier.

 Well, this is my first blog and i felt that maybe we should get to know each other a lil better. For those who already know me, you can expect the same sort of inanity (i.e. silliness, not insanity... well ok that too) that's in my AIM away messages, which i will be occasionally putting up as i see fit. But those who have no idea who the hell i am, welcome to my odd world of babbling nonsense... haha. Anyways, that's enough of an intro and if you want to email me (b511b@earthlink.net) or IM me (b511b) feel free to. My Stats: Age: 21... which definitely has its advantages Sex: Male... and i am soooooo glad i'm not a chick Location: Riverside/Cypress, Ca... riverside during the school year (go UCR) and cypress other times

 well, i almost forgot to blog today but never fear, i finally remembered. my sunburned chest is slowly fading away, but it's very blotchy and kinda embarrassing. anyways, DAMP # 21: hey i'm not lazy, i'm just practical which reminds me of another saying: procrastination is like masturbation... the more you do it, the more you're just screwing yourself. which may be true, but they're both so much fun... good times

 all that last nite made me realize was that sunburns fade, chicks dig scars, and fireworks are more fun when you modify them... ok, so i knew all this before but i still like to be reminded of it. another thing i realized was reason #3,982,123 why i'm glad i'm a guy: if a guy wants to "chafe the chihuahua," he can do it practically anywhere... a guy could be in a foxhole during a stormy night in the jungles of 'Nam with his buddy's brains splattered all around him and all this would do is maybe add a couple of minutes to his masturbatory session. however, a chick might be going at it for half an hour and realize that it just ain't gonna happen because a candle blew out. now i know this sounds like an overdramatization, but over a 95% confidence level (god damn, i hate statistics) it holds out to be true.

 yesterday was fun... the beach was one of the most fun times i've had there in a while, then dinner at denny's with chris and his friends from work was cool, and then the best time of all: driving around irvine at 2:30 in the morning while we light modified fireworks. ah, good times. anyways, DAMP # 20: If you divide the amount of money you spend on your wife or girlfriend by the number of times she gives it up, you'll realize that hookers would actually save you money. So write your congressman.

 here's some more terms for the baseball analogy of lovin': double play: you were already on base but when you tried to "advance the runner," she shuts you down completely and sends you back to the dugout with absolutely nothing to show for it inside-the-park-homerun: you looking for a bj but ended up scoring a run batting glove: always use this so you won't get pine tar on your hands; also, you don't know where the bat's been so why not protect yourself first and third base coaches: a la American Pie and the Kama Sutra, they keep you in the game longer and try to get you farther along on the basepath 7th inning stretch: during a marathon session of 9 innings (maybe more if the score's tied), it's nice to be able to stop for a few minutes to get some food and go to the bathroom before you get back to the game stolen base: when you try to move up a base against her wishes; may end in serious legal issues if you do this too much that should be fine for now, but if you got more IM me... the beach was fun what with the waves, the sun, and the girls, but now i'm redder than before. which is ok, of course, since eventually i'll stop being red and end up a nice brown

 good morning, lovers... anyhow, i guess erika's parents saw her crying and knew that she had to tell them something very important, so they assumed that chris got her pregnant. what it really happened was that her laptop got stolen... but how funny that they assumed that chris did it. well while i'm here, might as well give you DAMP #19: Oh, you think you're so high and mighty just because you were never arrested for driving without any pants like chris' little list on what to say to end an argument with women, try saying this one too... good times. i got really sunburned yesterday but i'm still going to the beach today to get even more crisp Here's something i just thought up: We often use the baseball analogy when describing how far we've gotten sexually with another person. for a long time, this was the standard code for how well you did: 1st base: holding hands 2nd base: kiss on the lips 3rd base: making out home plate: sexual intercourse However, nowadays people are doing more things earlier in the relationship, so i (along with some assistance from loveline) have determined a new and more accurate code for how well you did: 1st base: handjob 2nd base: blowjob 3rd base: cornholin' (so those women who are virgins can technically stay virgins) home plate: standard vaginal intercourse, may also involve toys, female ejaculate, any of the above three sexual acts, and other people and/or animals Now i realize that not every swing of the bat will get a hit let alone a homerun, so here's some additional terminology and strategy for all the other possible things that can happen in the game of lovin': foul ball: you're trying to get a hit (and by hit i mean any type of lovin') and she turns you down, but you get to try again right away foul out: same as above, but you don't get to try again bunt: you try to sneak your way to a handjob walk: she's having some control problems, so you get a free handjob intentional walk: she figures if left up to you, you'll probably end up in her ass (i.e. a triple) so she gives you a handie just to satisfy you for this at-bat force out: you were trying to go up one base, but got shot down error: she's probably drunk and lets you get a free base when normally you'd be out i'll come up with more later, but i need to eat some breakfast

 oh yea, i don't think chris' friend erika likes me too much... although she's really nice to me, there's just something there. i dunno, i'm probably just talking out my ass

 first i'd just like to say that john pv is a great guy (see urlLink john's blogger for reference)... but when i read all my yearbooks, they all say, "stay sweet, stay smart" minus those from my real good friends. i just hope that people can see that there's more to me than just that... but oh well. i'm going to the beach tomorrow, and it's well-needed... i haven't gone to the beach much since that summer between my senior year of high school and my first year of college when i went once every week... damn i had a nice tan

 well, i would be sleeping right now but someone from my church decided to call and talk to me at the ungodly hour of 9am... when will people learn that there are certain times when you just don't call people? anyways, today is pretty much my first real day summer vacation seeing as i have absolutely nothing to do but lounge around... good times. by the way, DAMP #18: what's the difference between true love and a herpesvirus infection? herpes lasts forever... although according to the commercial for the herpes treatment, you still may be able to kickbox if you actually have herpes... just like how allegra used to show that even if you have allergies, you can still windsurf on a field of wheat

 i'm kinda sore from all the moving i did yesterday although i think my dad is a bit sorer, what with having a refrigerator fall on top of him... now i have the unpleasant task of unpacking all the crap that i brought home from my apartment, but i'd be content to just keep it in boxes and on the floor for the next two months until i find a new apartment. well, i should be hearing from my major department soon to see if i made it into med school for the fall... but considering i've been prepping myself for the last year in case that i don't make it, i doubt i'll go through all the different stages of grieving (remember: D rink A lcohol B efore D oing A nal = D enial A nger B argaining D epression A cceptance) and instead will just go get really drunk. hell, if i make it into med school for the fall i'm gonna get really drunk... i can't lose!! haha anyways, the all-important DAMP #17: You wanna know my definition of gun control? Being able to stand there at 25 meters and put two rounds in the same hole. That's gun control. wouldn't that be cool? haha... i think i should go to a shooting range to see how good of a shot i am

 i just spent all day moving all of my crap out of my apartment and into an 8x10 storage unit... i'm surprised that we were able to fit everything in there. but now, i'm exceptionally tired and tomorrow i feel like going to the beach, although i'll just wait til thursday when chris is off work. and i checked out dave's new place in irvine last night... mapquest was kinda confusing so we kinda got lost, although it wasn't that hard to get back on the right track. DAMP #16: "...The hottest thing out on the dance floor." -Time Magazine, on why the ladies love Ben terrific article... i highly recommend you read it

 getting ready for church, but i just had to blog. DAMP #15: When your sexual batting average is low, fat chicks are perfectly acceptable slump busters. But avoid summertime cunnilingus. again, how very true... this also reminds of something else that i heard or read somewhere (i forget which): sex is one of the few things were you can be horrible at it but still have lots of fun

 dammit people, we (and by we, i mean you) need to update our bloggers more often so i have something to read other than my yahoo articles

 well for those of you who didn't go, laughlin was a total blast and a whole lot better than when i went last time (although i'm not saying that i didn't enjoy myself last time)... even if i didn't make any money from all the gambling, but the boozin sure was fun. anyways, the much delayed DAMP #14: Recently, a scientist from the USDA suggested that men should take a look at their beer consumption, considering the results of a recent analysis that revealed the presence of estrogens. The theory is that drinking beer makes men turn into women. To test the finding, 100 men were fed six pints of beer each. It was then observed that 100% of the men gained weight, required frequent visits to the bathroom, talked excessively without making sense, became overly emotional, couldn`t drive, failed to think rationally, argued over nothing, and refused to apologize when wrong. No further testing is planned. this was originally on urlLink crazyshit.com but i changed it to say estrogens from female hormones ... i know, how creative am i? anyways, chris has this up on his blogger as well (check out urlLink bigcball.blogspot.com )

 oh yea, my brother josh went out to the desert this past weekend with my aunt and uncle (the same ones that took me to the fabulous renaissance faire) and brought along a bb gun for fun... well after discharging all but one of the bb's, he wanted to feel the blast of compressed air shoot out onto his hand. he forgot about that last one bb in the chamber, and shot it point blank onto his hand. he's pretty bruised up

 well, i've had nothing really to do now for the past six hours and i figured i'd do some blogging... good times. i really should start to think about planning to pack for the next three days, but i don't want to. and i just chatted with someone on AIM who's from cypress... which ordinarily isn't any big deal but i had never talked to her or anything before. needless to say, it was very boring (ie her pic wasn't very flattering). oh well, i think i should drink a beer today seeing as i drank at least one in each of the last three days and what with the free drinks in laughlin over the next three days, if i drink one now i would've had an alcoholic beverage every day for a week. and you know what that means? yep, one step closer to alcoholism... haha

 alright, i'm back in riverside and i'm just here to check out some storage places before i go to laughlin.... well, here's DAMP #13: Shiiiit, %n... that acky mo-fo be messing with my ol' lady, got to be laying a cord upside down his head... ya know what i'm saying, mans Hey homes, i can dig it... that brotha ain't be pickin' up a new man I say hey, %n... so to say what i wanna say, pretty jay, i did the same ol' same ol'... ay, knock yo'self a post, slick, the grey matta o' fact when my man down befo' i take t.c.b.in', man... ya know what they say, see that body get that booty yackin', ya lay her down and slack 'n yack 'em... cole got to be no man, shiiiiit this is from blink 182's chestire cat, and i think they got it from the movie airplane... remember, %n equals your screenname...

 well, i had another 8am final today and it too was surprisingly easy... but i'm still not too sure on how well i did. my sister rachel has her 8th grade promotion today, so i'll be in cypress for a couple of hours... so give me a call. but then i get to head back out to riverside to study for my genetics final... damn life sucks. DAMP #12: nothing like bombing a final to make you feel like a victim of dry anal rape... or DAR, as i like to call it how true, how very very true

 today is the only day this week (other than sunday and saturday) in which i don't have a final... but i really should get back to studying. in the meantime, here's DAMP #11: The invention of the flush toilet is widely attributed to London plumber Thomas Crapper, who patented a U-bend siphoning system for flushing the pan in the late 19th century, and who also installed toilets for Queen Victoria. the weird thing about this, other than that i'd use it as an away message, is that it's a true story. originally, Mr Crapper had the glory of being the originator of the whole toilet thing until they found a 3000yr old toilet in egypt. and if you're wondering why i use it as an away message, think about the away message's content and what it has to do with nature taking its course... got it? good times

 realized a couple things between my last blog and now... (1) women call men scum, pigs, dogs, you name it... well if we've been called this throughout history and all men are like this, wouldn't that then suggest that all (or more accurately, most) men are behave normally and it's just that women have set the bar a lil too high? ----therefore, women need to stop acting their age and live a little (2) there's nothing better than good friends, good times, and good drinks ----therefore, we need to go to a baseball game and fast (3) after this (finals) week, i'll be ready to start my fourth and final year of my undergraduate career ----therefore, i'm gonna graduate soon and pull ever closer to having a career... i think i need a drink (4) drinking by yourself or writing about drinking a lot on a website that in no way receives any form of sponsorship from an alcohol-related business is probably not a good thing for my long term sobriety ----therefore, i need a beer and fast (5) i should really stop dillydallying and get back to studying ----therefore, after this week, i'll only have two more years before i get my degree!! (what with the alcohol and procrastination) (6) procrastion equals masturbation... the more you do it, the more you're just fucking yourself ----therefore, good times

 needless to say, finals are the worst week of any quarter/semester but compound that with being sick and you're just screwed, but not the good kind of screwed.. well, i joke about him a lot but my pseudobrother chris (i still don't see much of a resemblance even though everywhere we go we get, "are you guys related?") pulled thru for me and got me a job at best buyyyyyyy (say it like you'd say west siiiiiiiiiide)... so at least i'll be making some cash this summer instead of just spending what i have left on the following in descending order of importance: booze, women, booze, vegas/laughlin, booze, storage costs, and more booze, but this time for the women... haha

 if you hadn't noticed about my last blog, my "half hour break from studying" occurred at 6:20 in the mother fricking morning... how depressing is that? well, the endocrinology final i had today was surprisingly easier than i had anticipated and the anthro final i took yesterday was exactly what i expected: easier than crap. i say this because i finished 100 multiple choice questions, plus a 10 point extra credit, in a lil less than a half hour... this may seem amazing to those ppl whose schools give only 2 hour finals (i.e. every other school but mine), but keep in mind that my finals are scheduled for 3 hours . so that makes it even more astounding... anyways, that's enough of me patting myself on the back (which reminds of a greenday song). i just got 3 cds: blink 182, mxpx, and sum 41... so far, all are kicking major ass, especially blink with its "hidden" track that has a chorus of "i want to fuck a dog in the ass"... i'd say good times, but that makes me feel creepy

 i hate 8 o'clock finals and 8 o'clock classes... hell, anything at 8 o'clock sucks ass. anyways, i'm in the midst of a half-hour break from studying endocrinology so i figured i'd put up DAMP #10: When it comes to compliments, women are ravenous blood-sucking monsters always wanting more, MORE, MORE!!!!!!! again, yet another self-explanatory statement... haha.

 this is for all the ladies out there: a recent poll of men showed that 100% responded that the only acceptable statement for a woman to tell a man about his dork is that "it's too big" and, in fact, "may cause some massive internal hemorrhaging." such responses as "it's too small" or "it's the perfect size" are considered to be equally humiliating and could potentially be used as a replacement for laughing at the man's genitalia. these responses are the equivalent of a man telling a woman (after she has asked him if the clothing she is wearing makes her look fat) that it is not the clothes that make her fat, but instead her gigantic fat ass that makes her look fat... so be kind ladies

 try this anagram out... see how many of the 44 words (that i found) you can get: B I A N L E S i found ten 3-letter words, twenty four 4-letter words, nine 5-letter words, and one 7-letter word. email your responses to urlLink me , and i'll post who gets the highest scores

 my first final is today, so i should probably start to study. DAMP #9: doing well in community college is like doing well in t-ball i think this needs no explanation

 another loveline adage: god doesn't like sinners but he hates retards... so don't do stupid stuff

 with finals this week, i doubt i'll be adding that much to my blogger, but i'll probably end up blogging more than normal. anyways, my mom got my lil siblings a slip'n'slide to play with and, let me tell you, i haven't had that much fun running in the yard since i found that hive of killer bees... good times. chris seems to be having some more girl problems, but at least he has some girls to have problems over, which reminds me. i heard this line in the nutty professor 2 where eddie murphy (as professor klump) says, "i got used to being fat, i got used to being made fun of, and i guess i got used to being lonely... but i don't want to be lonely anymore." although i can't completely conform to this statement, the lattermost phrase really struck me.

 so you may have figured that a lot of my hilarious sayings are stolen from other sources. but as long as you're not the copyright owner, keep your trap shut... haha. no, seriously. anyways, today was the last day of class and i'm so glad this quarter is over. i am, however, ditching my anthro class this afternoon so i can go to the doctors. don't fret, i should be ok... more info on this later. as an aside, for a limited time if you become an official "ben's stalker," you will receive a free tshirt with the "ben's stalker" logo on the back and on the front, your choice of either: "protect our right to arm bears" or "cornholing... not just for the fat and young anymore"

 DAMP #8: %n is not a communist!! %n may be a liar, a pig, an idiot, a communist... but %n is definitely not a porn star this makes a lot more sense if you know that %n means your screenname. anyways, this the last day of class and it couldn't have come at a better time.

 some people found the loveline anecdote about the 13yr old being cornholed to be disturbingly humorous, so i'd thought i let you know that a 350lb woman called in and said that she loved getting cornholed. adam then (jokingly) said that he doubted that the men made it in all the way, probably getting all crack and no hole. she confirmed that statement

 well i'm sitting here in my room, with the fan blowing full blast on me (i'm only in my boxers, by the way) and i can't help but think of going to the beach; if only it wasn't an hour away... anyways, i finally finished my med school app (the biomed version, that is) and now i'm gonna cut my fingernails. yea, i'm excited too. vinicio and i had an interesting conversation last nite, he made my roommate (and remember, she's a girl) read my blog about the well-endowed girl wanting to marry me. i later told him that her reading my blog aloud made me feel bad... like my christian guilt was seeping through. i then added that my guilt coming out now seems a bit odd, seeing as the years of strippers and porn should've destroyed it. we both laughed, and then i called him beelzebub... good times "you know that i know that you know that i know that you know"

 only two more days of class... anyways, DAMP #7: I like my coffee how i like my women... cold and bitter which if you saw hollow man with kevin bacon, then you'd recognize this line... but i thought it funny enough to steal and claim as my own creation... haha

 i was having a conversation with a good friend of mine today and for some reason we got onto the subject of... suicide bombing. i stated that if you're gonna be a suicide bomber, it should be for a good cause. i thought it'd be hilarious for someone to take up the "save the pandas" crusade, only to go to the panda exhibit at the san diego zoo and then demonstrate his love for the cause by blowing himself up and inadvertantly (or purposefully, you can never be too sure) a panda or two. a girl who happened to be listening to our facetitious conversation was visibly disturbed by the topic... my friend and i, on the other hand, couldn't help but laugh maniacally

 another example of how men and women are truly different from each other Blow Job Etiquette From A Woman's Perspective 1. First and foremost, we are not obligated to do it. 2. Extension to rule #1: so if you get one, be grateful. 3. I don't care WHAT they did in the porn video you saw; it is not standard practice to cum on someone's face. 4. Extension to rule #3: no, I DON'T have to swallow. 5. My ears are NOT handles. 6. Extension to rule#5: do not push on the top of my head. Last I heard, deep throat had been done. And additionally, do you really WANT puke on your dick? 7. I don't care HOW relaxed you get it is NEVER ok to fart. 8. Having my period does not mean that it's "hummer week" get it through your head; I'm bloated and I feel like shit so no, I don't feel particularly obligated to blow you just because YOU can't have sex right now. 9. Extension to #8: "blue balls" might have worked on high school girls; if youre that desperate, go jerk off and leave me alone with my Midol. 10. If I have to pause to remove a pubic hair from my teeth, don't tell me I've just "wrecked it" for you. 11. Leaving me in bed while you go play video games immediately afterwards is highly inadvisable if you would like my behavior to be repeated in the future. 12. If you like how we do it, it's probably best not to speculate about the origins of our talent. Just enjoy the moment and be happy that we're good at it. See also rule #2 about gratitude. 13. No, it doesn't particularly taste good. And I don't care about the protein content. 14. No, I will NOT do it while you watch TV. 15. When you hear your friends complain about how they don't get blow jobs often enough, keep your mouth shut. It is inappropriate to either sympathize or brag. 16. Just because "it's awake" when you get up does not mean I have to kiss it good morning". A Man's Rebuttal 1. First of all, yes you are obligated to do it. If you don't we will find someone (younger, prettier, and dirtier) who will. . 2. Second, swallowing a teaspoon of cream is a hell of a lot easier than licking a dead fish. 3. You want to talk about farting? Does the word "queef" mean anything to you? 4. I will use your ears as I see fit. Don't worry about it and be thankful I'm not pulling your hair. 5. When you're on period, stuffing something in your mouth is the only way to stop your bitching and moaning. Suck it up. 6. Speaking of which, if you are bleeding for five straight days, you need all the fluids you can get, trust me. (And if the South Park Movie taught me anything, it's that you can't trust anything that bleeds for five days and doesn't die.) 7. You bitch about the taste, but trust me when I tell you that we get the shit end of the stick in flavor country. 8. At least there is no danger of a dick bleeding in your mouth. 9. Play with the balls. 10. No matter how good you think you are at it, we've had better. 11. Caress the ass, too. WE like that. 12. It's "wide awake" in the morning now, but when you get old and fat and looking for some action, I GUARANTEE it'll be "sound asleep. 13. If you swallow, then you don't have to worry about getting any on your face, now will you? 14. Last but not least is that jizz has negative calories... so you can actually lose some weight off your fat ass if you give me enough head

 well, i had kimchi for the first time yesterday since a christian korean club from my school had a korean bbq... i didn't particularly care for the kimchi but everything else was good. anyways, here's DAMP #6: damn it, bitch! can't you see i'm busy? although in certain contexts this phrase can be very degrading and sound very abusive, when you realize that when i say i'm busy that it means i'm probably just reading some article on my yahoo... like the one john pointed out about the chicks in bogota, colombia enticing men to lick their narcotic-coated breasts so they could then rob them. ya know, important stuff like that

 oh yea, apparently some chick in the tours office at my school (yes i give tours around ucr and yes i use some of the lines from road trip) found out that i'm an aspiring physician, so she said i'd have to marry her in vegas. now she's not bad looking or anything, but her very large tatas made the decision for me. so i'll make sure to get good beer for the reception.

 i found that better cheddars and pickles taste really good together, but i don't know how healthy that is for me. well, i finally got around to filling out the supplemental med school app for ucla and, frankly, it sucks ass. but then i got about halfway thru the first page when i logged onto the AMCAS website to start that app. i'm really not sure which schools to apply to.

 good morning, my loyal subjects. DAMP #5: Men need to be more alert and cautious when getting a drink offer from a girl. There is a drug available in liquid form. The drug is now being used by female sexual predators at parties to induce their male victims to have sex with them. The shocking news is that the drug is available virtually anywhere! It goes by the street name `Beer.` All girls have to do is buy a `Beer` or two for almost any guy and then simply ask the guy home for no-strings-attached sex. Men are rendered literally helpless against such tactics. and let me tell you, i don't think that i would mind being "attacked" by a female sexual predator... unless she's horrendously ugly. in that case, i need a whole lot of beer

 i think there is something wrong with blogger, but i'm just writing this because i feel like it. so far heard on loveline: a 13yr old called in because she was getting cornholed by her 20yr old boyfriend

 ever have to memorize a long list of things for a test? such difficulties as the taxonomic classification system and the five stages of grieving are a thing of the past with mnemonic devices. for instance, everyone should know that in order to adequately categorize a species, one must designate a kingdom, phylum, class, order, family, genus, and specific epithet for it. this, however, can easily be remembered as k ids P lay C raps O n F at G irls S tomachs. likewise, the five stages of grieving (denial, anger, bargaining, depression, acceptance) can be remembered as D rink A lcohol B efore D oing A nal. so next time you have an important test, try mnemonic devices

 ok finally it was posted... so nevermind about that last blog, minus the biochem portion

 for some reason, the last blog i did didn't go up even though it says it was published... hmmm. oh well, biochem quizzes suck ass

 here's what i learned this weekend, on a day-by-day basis: Friday: 1. if you try to plan a bonfire at the beach, regardless of how much wood you bring it's never enough 2. if i don't eat essentially anything but jello shooters and beer all day, i won't get drunk but i will feel less inhibited 3. "animal-style" double-doubles at In-N-Out are really good 4. everyone at the beach learned just how much of a pyromaniac i am; however, my friends were wondering why my pyromania has decreased in intensity 5. you should really use shoes when playing soccer... you may also ask dave, chris, or john about this 6. bacardi 151 really shouldn't be used in jello shooters 7. if the beach is overcast, don't be too worried about getting sunburned 8. if the water feels like it'll make you freeze to death, spending only 5 minutes out there will get you acclimated to it 9. i want a girlfriend Saturday: 1. drinking beer at 11am is ok if you're at a wedding reception 2. you should, however, get good beer at a wedding reception 3. some women will try to hold onto their youth well into their 70s when they really should've let go when they hit 30 4. catholic weddings are waaaaay different than protestant weddings (a lot more of standing up and sitting down, followed by more standing) 5. after consuming alcoholic beverages without any real amount of food over a 36 hour period, three glasses of alcohol can make you a lil buzzed real quick 6. i really want a girlfriend Sunday: 1. drinking beer at 10:30am is ok if you're at the renaissance faire 2. the renaissance faire is much more entertaining when you have a beer in hand 3. people from all walks of life will go to a renaissance faire, but mostly they'll be fat white chicks in really revealing costumes 4. if you make fun of someone for dropping food on their shirt, be prepared for a much larger portion of your food to fall onto your clothing 5. there are a lot of hot chicks at the renaissance faire, but they're much harder to see through the crowds of fat chicks 6. if the faire is overcast, you will get sunburned pretty bad 7. i really want a girlfriend, just not a fat one i might add to this list, but i got class right now so later skater

 i really haven't added anything in a while... well, a while for me anyways. so here is DAMP #4: Whatever happened to the good old days, such as 1954, when surveys showed that 96 percent of Americans used the bathroom for what it was meant for: drinking gin in solitude i drank some sort of alcohol on friday (bonfire), saturday (wedding), and sunday (renaissance faire), even starting to drink before 11am on sunday. but i don't think i have a problem yet. anyways, even though it was really overcast yesterday, i got a lot of sun and i wouldn't mind getting a lil color before laughlin cuz i really don't want to get supersunburned while in laughlin.

 the following statements are only intended to be funny but will also be offensive to roughly 73.2% of people (i'd also like to mention that i did not think of these on my own... so don't shoot the messenger): what do woody allen and kodak have in common? both come in a yellow box (if you don't get it, just ask me and i'll explain it to you) (a guy said to a stewardess while trying to get her to go back to his place) i believe that to be honest with a woman, i first need a physical commitment... so do me and i'll tell you my name.

 i just love that lil mxpx guy... i'm thinking about getting a window sticker with that design on it but i think it costs like $5 and i don't know if i like it that much... anyways, it's kinda cloudy right now and i hope it's not like that all week cuz i want to go to the beach sometime soon. oh well, i should probably clean my room too seeing as it's, well, a huge mess. DAMP #49: getting into med school hasn't changed me and i don't think it ever will... but you do have to address me as Dr. Ben from now on me: Hi Everybody!!! everybody: Hi Dr. Ben!!

 ok something weird just happened: i was sitting at my computer playing mah jong on yahoo when i decided to get a glass of water. when i stood up, i almost fell over because it felt as if i had sprained my ankle. then after i limped from my room to the kitchen and back with a huge cup of water, i started to blog about this experience when a cricket over an inch long ambles out from under my desk; it took two smacks with my sandal to kill that son of a bitch. so now i have a huge pain in my ankle and a dead cricket that if you dipped in batter and fried it would look like a piece of shrimp... nutty times

 i really haven't blogged in a long time (in comparison to how often i normally blog). so i got a bike yesterday since i figured this upcoming school year i'd be spending all day in the same building... i also got my new financial aid package and i calculated i should get ~$3800 a quarter refund, about $1600 more than i did last quarter. of course this then means we should schedule a trip to british columbia for a few days of snow-induced fun next spring break. and since i'm almost out of away messages to post, i think i'll forego a DAMP today and put one up tomorrow... and i'm having a real hard time trying to come up with something funny to say right now, maybe i'll have more luck when i'm real tired

 san diego was fun but i after getting back home i ended up in a foul mood because i was unable to be by myself for five minutes without an interruption... and then with all that frustration i kinda went on a tear on vinicio's blogs about my blogs when i really should've just calmly clarified position. i'm still not in a great mood but i am feeling a bit better and i think some more sleep, some alcohol, and some baseball/sportscenter will make me feel just right. and by the way, other than the blog i wrote yesterday for urlLink bloggerville , i doubt i have ever wrote a blog that wasn't trying to be humorous in an off-beat sorta way and in no way should most of my blogs be taken seriously. DAMP #48: memorization is harder than bowling a perfect game

 after reading vinicio's latest blog, i have confirmed my conviction that medicine and science are for me and philosophy justs sounds like a lot of gibberish... there are, of course, people who feel the reverse is true and wouldn't attempt to understand a lot of the medical and scientific journals with a ten foot clown pole. oh well, i think i should get breakfast and pack for san diego but i'll probably put it off until 1pm. DAMP #47: while it may seem true that the "american" way of life is off of one's credit cards, the real american way of life is to do everything half-assed and to also put everything off as long as possible

 i think i forgot to blog that i won another sports watch from snapple (although i did already tell chris, john, and dave but they were drunk so i don't know if they remember it all that well)

 ok so on yesterday's DAMP: it's well known that wherever sickle cell anemia is prevalent, then there is also a high incidence of malaria since the heterozygous condition provides a selective advantage over the homozygotes (both recessive and dominant) when infected by the Plasmodium falciparum parasite. why this is so has to due with the reduced ability of the sickle hemoglobin to bind oxygen but more so with the fact that the heterozygotes contain both regular red blood cells and sickled red blood cells. this then causes two distinct environments (biochemically) for the parasite to live in and it cannot survive the disparity; this contrasts to the homozygotes in which the parasite can effectively adapt to the one environment present (either the regular or sickled). "what does this have to do with xylophones?" you ask. well, the bantu people were among the first to develop agriculture in africa; unfortunately, their specific type of agriculture tends to promote mosquito proliferation and therefore malaria. as a defense, sickle cell anemia arose to prominence within the bantu population. then when the bantu people spread across most of africa, their agriculture, and the malaria, went with them. now it just so happens that bantu tribal music uses a lot of xylophones and that too was spread along with the agriculture. so wherever there is malaria in central africa, there is a high probability that there are xylophones being used in tribal music. quite interesting, no? haha anyways, july keeps on taking forever and hopefully it won't seem like an eternity before august gets here. but i'm going with chris, patricia, and her cousin brittany to SD tomorrow... except that we won't leave til 2 cuz that's when patricia gets off work and then we have to drive out to temecula to pick up brittany, and then it's off down the 215 to san diego. hopefully traffic won't completely stop while we're on the 91. but enough of san diego... i can't wait til the week of aug. 6 cuz that's when my med school orientation is and UCR is paying for a hotel stay in LA... so i'm thinking we should all party out there for a while. but it sucks for all the people who will be starting at UCLA med school cuz they have to start the monday after orientation; i and the other UCR/UCLA med school students have to start sept. 13, which although is two weeks earlier than the rest of the school is much better than aug. 13. so DAMP #46: Think fast hot shot: You sending me a message when I'm clearly away makes me _______ a yak in heat (choose answer below) a. madder than b. the same as c. airplane d. all of the above

 well shit... nothing really going on over here. except that the dodgers and angels are just rolling along now aren't they? haha... now i really want to go to a game. alright, well i'm almost out of away messages to post (i've posted 44 already and will probably have about 10 left) so i'm trying to find something new to post. DAMP #45: did you know that the use of xylophones in indigenous music in subSaharan Africa strongly correlates with malaria and sickle cell anemia? Coincidence? I think not it's true... there's no coincidence. but i'll post that later, i need to eat

 urlLink john's right... when the girls showed up it was bad times. c'mon people, is it really that hard to be open-minded and learn a terrific game like durrock? or even six-card or richman poorman? jesus... jesus would have played. haha DAMP #44: women... can't live with them, can't solicit sex from them without getting slapped, arrested, or diseased

 after careful deliberations, i have added "tv funhouse" to the list of my favorite tv shows... i highly recommend you watch it. here's a bit of a skit they did called "the safety gang," in which actual 10/11yr. olds talked about safety: Host: It's time to dive head first into a shallow pool of safety with The Safety Gang Donny: My name's Donny, and i don't drink poison... everyday!!! Marcy: Marcy's my name and i always never spray window cleaner in my eyes!!! Cubby: ( coming out of a garbage bag ) Hi, I'm Cubby... and I know that people can fly if they jump off a 20 story building ledges but only if they have special powers, which actually no one does!!! Marcy: Rush into safety Donny: Safety's a reflex Cubby: Do it blindly!! Marcy: Now it's time to talk to Stranger Dan about safety. Hi Stranger Dan, what have you got for us? Stranger Dan: ( in a real seedy voice ) Candy Marcy: Yummy ( eats candy )... Today's Stranger Dan Safety Tip is to "Never don't not forget to look both ways when crossing the street." Thanks, Stranger Dan... Got to go. Stranger Dan: I can give you a ride in my van... All Kids Together: I'd take a bullet for safety. you can download the enitre thing, look for TV Funhouse - The Safety Gang... i also suggest TV Funhouse - Mnemonics 2 and Mnemonics 3. DAMP #43: having anal sex is a lot like fishing a watch out of a port-a-potty... either way, use protection

 i was having a snapple yesterday and when i looked at the lid to see if what the puzzle was, it turned that i'm a winner of fourth prize... a sports watch. now obviously you must be wondering how much a snapple sports watch is worth; well, fifth place is key-chain and third place is $10... so i'm gonna get a watch worth about 5 bucks. jealous? i thought so... haha. DAMP #42: I mock your value system... and you appear foolish in the eyes of others... in addendum, past instances in which I professed to like you, were fraudulent!!!

 on a long enough time line the survival curve for everyone reaches zero -Jack (Edward Norton), from Fight Club anyways, i have no idea why i wrote the last quote from homer but i felt like it. i thought of putting the above quote up after watching a discovery channel program on the possible scenarios of the extinction of neandertals in which one individual hypothesized that the anatomically modern Homo sapiens (amhs) probably had a slight advantage that over time allowed them to outcompete and reproduce quicker than neandertals (and it's pronounced "tal" not "thal" even though the species epithet for the neandertals is neanderthalensis ), meaning that on a long enough time line the neandertals had reached zero on their survival curve. kinda makes you feel good to be an amhs. DAMP #41: There are many, many things I will never understand... and they're all women

 trying is the first step towards failure -Homer Simpson

 ok so my leg is still sore but last night i found a way to help with the pain... four beers. well, not only four beers but four beers on an empty stomach. this is also the easy way to get drunk while minimizing the cost... this way you save money on food and then you need less alcohol to get drunk off of, meaning you save money on buying drinks as well. DAMP #40: you do know that you're not reproductively capable until somebody lets you try

 well the good news is that yesterday i didn't get majorly sunburned but the sun i did get just made a nice addition to my tan; the bad news is that i cut my foot at the beach and now my leg is sore from the added stress of walking with a slight limp... but i should be ok. after the bonfire (in which we had a kick-ass fire) chris and i hung out with jessica and adaines by starbucks and it was pretty fun and they insisted on hugging us even though we reaked of smoke and were extremely dirty. DAMP #39: I agree with you in theory... in theory, communism works... in theory

 people often hear voices and i'm no different. however, whereas most voices tell people to murder (ultra-secret murder, mind you) or burn people/things, mine tells me to nap... i should probably listen to it more often. anyways, i tried to post this last nite but blogger was down for some maintenance and i lost what i was originally going to post. DAMP #38: The crowns of the lower molars consist of two parts: an anterior portion, the trigonid, and a posterior, heellike projection, the talonid. The three main cusps of the trigonid are the mirror image of the cusps of the upper molar trigone: the protoconid on the buccal side, and the paraconid (which is usually absent in higher primates, including humans) and metaconid on the lingual side!! isn't that just amazing? i never knew you could talk so much about teeth until i took a physical anthro class and wow... haha. good times

 dude i think i got a mosquito bite on my neck... itches like hell. anyways, i should probably try to get a whole lot of wood for the bonfire but i'll get to it eventually. DAMP #37: astronauts get to have as much tang as they want... which is weird, cuz i didn't know they got so many chicks

 nothing much going on over here... although i did drink a snapple; they don't call me mr. exciting for nothing. DAMP #36: Well, your test results are back... and the prognosis is not good. It turns out that you have syphillis. It also appears that your syphillis is infested with crabs... and those crabs have gonorrhea you don't know how many times i've had to give this diagnosis... so people please use a condom and together we can eradicate STDs. haha... good times.

 well it turns out my mom was the grand prize winner in a nestle contest, meaning we get airfare for four, a three night hotel stay, and four 3-day passes to the wonderful disneyland resort in the fantabulous (fantabulous = fantastic + fabulous) city of anaheim. but since we live within 200 miles of disneyland, we must forfeit our airfare; which makes me think that the nestle corporation picked us on purpose so we couldn't get airfare... those bastards. DAMP #35: People can come up with statistics to prove anything... 14% of all people know that

 i don't think my day has been that much different than urlLink vinicio's ... he had a four hour chinese final; i went to the beach for an hour. same thing, right?

 well, i did get drunk last nite but no, i didn't dance... not really enough room to do that. but i did entertain myself by throwing ice at this palm tree. the verdict is still out with me and sushi, but not so for chris... i ended up eating half of his california roll. anyways, gonna go to the beach again today and hopefully meet some chicks. DAMP #34: Sorry I'm not here, but if I don't watch tv right now, the future economic potential of soy products will decrease to levels never seen in 30 years well i had better go watch right now then... good times

 first off, i'd like to say happy bday to my good friend john... you're gonna get more people asking for your ID and then telling you, "hey, this isn't you" or "nice fake ID man." luckily i haven't been put through that yet... anyways, i hope to get real drunk tonite, so much so that i'll be able to dance (seeing as the only time i dance is when i'm loaded up with alcohol). DAMP #33: If you're never sober, then you can never be hungover how appropriate for the occasion, no?

 read on a license plate frame: happiness is being plastered

 the following blog is about corn nuts and nothing else: Go to your room and lock the door Cuz when try it once you'll want to try it some more Size doesn't matter and that's a fact It might be small but it's a big impact Bust a nut, bust a nut Grab a bag of corn nuts and bust a nut They're lightly toasted and hard as hell Enjoy yourself, we won't tell Everybody does it, they like it a lot You can do it at school just don't get caught It takes a few minutes if you don't delay Take your time and it can last all day Bust a nut, bust a nut Grab a bag of corn nuts and bust a nut They're lightly toasted and hard as hell Enjoy yourself, we won't tell

 ok so blogging seems like this extra lil thing to do and read, but well below other sources of information out there and we should all spend our time reading those more valuable sources of information than this piddly lil piece of crap. but you do have to remember that a lot of what's out there is just rehashed versions of the same article/idea and after a while, it all runs together. plus i try to find some aspect of humor in other people's bloggers and, in case you hadn't noticed, the whole internet thing has done a horrible job of supplying quality jokes/anecdotes, so i'm forced to read people's bloggers so i can force the latest bit of humor into my overstuffed head. and another thing, how come i can't get any tang around here? (and vinicio, since when do you go outside?)

 i'm finally going to return to the beach today and it couldn't be any sooner... my skin was almost done peeling and i think i was starting to fade. anyways, my good friend phuc (i go to school with him for all those non-ucr people) just returned from vietnam and when i told him i had made it into the fourth year, he was shocked... he's also the only honest person since he was the only one (other than myself) who felt that i wasn't gonna make it. i think i stemmed more from me not being a "typical" biomed than me not having the stuff... in fact i know that's what he meant since he said i could've gotten into a better med school. oh well... DAMP #32: yes i know it's late in the day, but i really needed a shower... afterall, it has been shown that people of northern european descent tend to be the most naturally smelly people on earth which sucks because if i forego showering, i fucking reek like a skunk in a fish processing facility... and i think i should try to find a smoother flowing analogy for how much i smell. but i'm still available ladies, so don't be a stranger... haha. good times

 well i made out my grocery list and don't think i forgot anything: a couple of porno magazines, a large box of condoms, a bottle of ol' harper's, some of those panty shields, some illegal fireworks, and one of those disposable enemas... no, better make it two

 finally blogger is back up... i think i was starting to go through withdrawals. anyways, i believe i've been playing darts a lil too much and i may need to seek professional help. DAMP #31: Hey I'm not shallow; I just like chicks for their looks how true... how very, very true

 although that last blog is kinda funny from a guy's perspective, i have a hilarious (ok maybe not hilarious but you'll chuckle) yet true quip about women: they say that men never listen, when in fact it's the women who never shut up long enough to hear what the guy is saying

 here are some excerpts from this email i got a while back entitled: What You'd Never Hear A Man Say 1. I think Barry Manilow is one cool motherfucker. 2. No, I don't want another beer. I have to work tomorrow. 3. I think hairy butts are really sexy. 4. Her tits are just too big. 5. Sometimes I just want to be held. 6. That chick on "Murder She Wrote" gives me a woody. 7. Sure, I'd love to wear a condom. 8. We haven't been to the mall for ages, let's go shopping and I can hold your purse. 9. Fuck Monday Night Football, lets watch Melrose Place. 10. I think we are lost, we better pull over and ask for directions. 11. It's late, put your clothes back on and I'll take you home. 12. Honey, I'm going to the store, do you need more tampons? 13. What happened to my old Nancy Drew books? 14. Do these jeans come in lavender? 15. I love jogging dear, but I can't keep up with you, you go on ahead. 16. This shower curtain doesn't have enough frills on it. 17. Damn, too bad this car isn't a four cylinder. 18. My butt's too big, don't lie, it's true. I know my butt's too big. 19. It's OK; I'll sleep in the wet spot. 20. I know you just blew me, but I need a kiss. 21. I'm sick of beer, give me a fruit juice with a lemon twist. 22. Great, your mother's coming to stay with us again. 23. I wonder if my gorgeous neighbor knows that her drapes are open when she's getting ready for bed. Maybe I should tell her. 24. No way, you weeded the garden last week. It's my turn. 25. Better get rid of these old Penthouse Magazines; I don't look at them anymore. 26. I understand. 27. This movie has too much nudity. 28. Damn, we're late for church. 29. No. I don't want to see your sister's tits. 30. Damn these onions; pass me a tissue. 31. Oversized T-shirts are so sexy, especially on really fat chicks. 32. Put some panties on, for Christ's sake! ok so maybe i was gonna put only a few up there, but i got lazy about halfway through the first one i was gonna put up so i decided to post the whole damn thing

 i'm bored and no one seems to be updating their blogs as much as i'd like... damn you all.

 damn you all to hell

 originally i had intended on sleeping in til noon, but the phone in my room (which is a separate line and has no answering machine, meaning it keeps ringing until someone picks it up) started to ring. it was another goddam recording so i hung up and plopped back into bed, but i was unable to fall asleep. so here i am, barely awake, trying vehemently to keep my eyes open. i've also been watching a lot of late nite tv, but not the soft porn on cinemax; after a while, those movies all start to seem the same and it leaves me wanting to watch something funny. so i've rediscovered "the critic" on comedy central... funny stuff. another good show is "tv funhouse," which has animal puppets and tend to do dirty things. like last nite they went to atlantic city and then went to a strip club (where i saw my first striptease performed by a chimp), picked up some hookers, and partied with robert goulet and hootie and the blowfish. DAMP #30: I may be old fashioned, but whatever happened to the days of meeting a chick at a bar, buying her a couple of drinks, and then going back to her place? I mean, is romance dead in this day and age?

 ok so maybe i did a lil less drinking last nite than i anticipated... on the order of no alcohol for me. but that's ok, i'll just have to make up for it at the next party i go to (i.e. john's bday). DAMP # 29: why bother to recycle? once the sun burns out we're all screwed anyways... so why spend our last 4.5 billion years using inferior products?

 another pearl of wisdom i learned from the man show: positive thinking is a lot easier when you got a buzz going

 well, i'm still peeling like a mo'fo but it doesn't look as bad as it did before. today i'm hoping on getting a lil drunk, but maybe i'll get lucky and get really drunk. but other than that, i don't have much planned. so i might as well give DAMP #28: Take this quiz and you could win cash and prizes*!!! 1) What is wrong with this E.coli 5S RNA sequence: UGCCUGGCGGCCGUAGCGCGGUGGUCCCACCUGACCCCAUGCCGAACUCA(GA)(GA)UGAAACGCCGUAGCGCCGAUGGUAGUGUGGGGUCUCCCCAUGCGAGAGUAGGGAACUGCCAGGCAU a. There should be thymine (T) instead of uracil (U) b. There isn't the right number of bases in the sequence. c. There are parentheses in the middle of the sequence. d. There is nothing wrong with the sequence. e. How the hell should I know? 2) What color is an orange? a. Blue b. Red c. Plaid d. Black e. How the hell should I know? Just IM your answer to me, and you might be the next winner!! *odds of winning: 0, unless you're a hot chick and willing to give it up you'd be surprised how often people miss number one. i mean, what are they complete morons or something? (in case you're not sure, it's d).

 Warning If you are reading this then this warning is for you. Every word you read of this useless fine print is another second off your life. Don't you have other things to do? Is your life so empty that you honestly can't think of a better way to spend these moments? Or are you so impressed with authority that you give respect and credence to all who claim it? Do you read everthing you're supposed to read? Do you think everything you're supposed to think? Buy what you're told you should want? Get out of your apartment. Meet a member of the opposite sex. Stop the excessive shopping and masturbation. Quit your job. Start a fight. Prove you're alive. If you don't claim your humanity you will become a statistic. You have been warned.

 well, my last blog was kinda long so i edited it to what it is now... i noticed that i lost a lot of steam just writing it and that i didn't really need to post it to make me feel better, so i figured that i might as well take it out. DAMP #27: The Penis... sure, he sometimes leads you astray, but that loveable little oaf between your legs is your oldest and closest friend. And all you do is beat the snot out of him.

 here's some witty catchphrases that you can feel free to use at parties, on the job, or at arraignments: "sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken" "you ass goblin!!" "if our fathers are the models for god and our fathers fail us, what does that tell you about god?" "damn, those voices are back... they tell me to burn things" (my personal favorite) "yes my son/daughter, i damn thee" (after someone screams, "god damn it") "that makes me madder than a yak in heat" "i like to do everything half-assed" "i hope my work study involves making pornographic movies"

 i found my dog a couple of hours ago at the orange county animal shelter... cost me $81 to get her out, but i gladly paid to bail her out. while it did suck some major ass that she was missing, i was amazed at how much my family loved that dog. i mean, my dad walked from my house all the way up to lincoln ave., my sister and her friend walked all over the sorrento housing track, and my uncles went out in their truck looking for her; even my bro chris went out looking for her... and although no one was able to find her last nite, i was sincerely impressed by the show of support and dedication to finding my dog. i'd like to thank you all from the bottom of my heart... but what i thought was the most weird was that i when i found out the dog was gone, i wasn't sad or really worried all that much. for some reason i just figured we'd find her and she'd be ok. i did, however, find out that grace church (on cerritos ave.) is a lot bigger than it looks and there is a kick ass stop sign laying on the ground that i think would look really cool in my apartment.

 well, yesterday was quite fun at the los al reserve base and when i got home i expected to have some more fun with my friends while we lit some fireworks... it turns out that my dog was so frightened by all the fireworks that she freaked out and ran away. i spent the next hour just looking for her but with no luck. we're gonna try again today. but anyways, after the fireworks last nite, we taught patricia and her cousin britney how to play slam and rich man poor man; we also taught dave how to play go fish... i think the girls had an easier time picking up rich man poor man than dave had with go fish. DAMP #26: Take heed, son. Don't be a selfish lover. Remember, there is no "i" in orgasm

 i went to a dodger game with dave last nite and lemme tell ya, that was one of the best games i've ever been to. not only was a come-from-behind win, but we got free noise makers and it was against the hated san fran giants... haha. anyways, i'm gonna be hanging with my family at the los alamitos reserve base all day (they have a huge ass fireworks display) and then i'm off with my bros so we can blow up modified fireworks... good times. DAMP #25: hey, you know we need? girls, good jobs, and a sense of higher purpose... or just some good malt liquor; which ever is easier to get and i should fireworks to that list as well

 i was gonna write a huge ass blog about chris and his issues, but i decided to sum it up in one phrase: "meow meow meow meow, meow meow meow meow, meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow" thank you

 the following blog contains graphic depictions of violence and is not intended for younger viewers. parental discretion is advised:

 in case you hadn't heard, i got into medical school... and just so you guys know what school i'm going to and all, here's the low down: the biomedical sciences program at UCR provides a 7 year course to a bachelor's (B.S.) and medical (M.D.) degree instead of the traditional 8 year program. the premise of the program is a pyramid; many more students enter into the program than will finish it. for the first four years, the number of students in any particular will halve each year. my class had 250 students my 1st year, 105 my 2nd year, and 48 my 3rd year. next year, there will be only 24 and there will remain 24 throughout the remainder of the program. the first 3 three years of the program are the undergraduate portion, whereas the final 4 are the actual medical school portion; however, the first 2 years (the classroom portion) of the medical school portion are at UCR while the final 2 years (the clinical portion) are at UCLA. so all and all, 5 years are spent in riverside (3 as undergrads, 2 as med students) and 2 years at LA. at the end of my 4th year, i will attend the graduation ceremony for the undergrad portion and at the completion of the program (at year 7), i will receive an M.D. from UCLA i hoped this cleared it up some... anyways, i'm pretty damn enthusiastic about this and i feel like they made a mistake... like they sent me the wrong letter and accidently sent me the one that says i made it. eww, that would suck ass. but today i'm gonna go with dave to see the dodgers kick some giant ass (for the ill-informed, they are gonna play the san francisco giants and not some big buttocks) and hopefully we can get a free dodger noisemaker. i've talked too much already so i'm gonna say one more thing and then i'm outta here. DAMP # 24: Militants, huh? Well, if I were you I'd kick their asses...

 alright, so i woke up at noon yet again... good times. DAMP #23: Here's another fun fact: malt liquor always tastes better when you've got problems i really like this one and am amazed at how well it applies to life

 i think this week that we should celebrate the birth of our nation by blowing up a small (or large, depending on how much money you're willing to spend) piece of it... and we should try to do this every day this week.

 we've now gotten vinicio to start blogging... assimilation is imminent for all, resistance is futile. now we need only dave to start... wua ha ha ha (that's my maniacal laugh, by the way). anyways, my sunburn is only really excruciatingly painful in my upper chest region and hopefully in the next couple of days this won't be the case. oh yea, DAMP # 22: Here's a good household tip: make sure you clean out the lint trap of your dryer before going on vacation, that way in case someone breaks in and does laundry, they won't start a fire

 Homer: but that's why we have elected officials, so we don't have to think all the time

 farts are jazz to assholes

 Driven by ignorance, conservative thinking and fear of the unknown, our political leaders have undertaken to make laws that suppress this type of research - Jim Clark, founder of Netscape, on federal restrictions of stem cell research... i do believe that is pretty damn accurate.

 ok so i just made my little siblings some gladiator-style hats out of aluminum foil. it was a lot harder than i had anticipated but it was also a lot of fun... this of course just then highlighted how much my life sucks and how much i need to find me a girlfriend

 the following is a public service announcement It's a fact: stupid people have stupid children. If you're stupid, please don't have sex. If you insist on having sex, please have sex with animals... preferably animals smarter than you are. That way if by some biological fluke you and the animal actually have offspring, odds are the offspring will be less stupid than you are. One more thing, don't assume the animal is protected. If the animal has a condom, or if female some sort of intrauterine device, insist they wear it. Please help stamp out this mindless mindlessness. Keep your stupidity to yourself. This message brought to you by the Council of Concerned Citizens Who Are Smarter Than You Are.

 the one thing that i truly hate about making it into the UCR/UCLA biomed program is that i always have to explain to people that although i'm technically enrolled in the ucla med school, i will spend the next two years in riverside while i do my book learnin' and then i transfer to LA for the next two years while i do my clinical... so ucr is still my school for the time being. and the other thing i hate about the program is that as punishment for receiving my bs (which i will get in june) and md a year early is that i have to spend an extra year in the dreadful heat of riverside.

 well i found an apartment in riverside for the school year: one bedroom with walk-in closet, big ass balcony that's accessible from my room, living room, dining area, kitchen as big as my old one, and in a much nicer apartment complex. the only real problem is that it costs a bit more than i wanted it to and that it's upstairs... but a plus side to being upstairs is that there's no one beneath me (there's just a carport) and I have only one neighbor.

 i'd like to be serious for a brief period of time. if you couldn't tell, i like to use my blog as a medium for expressing my views on issues that not only affect my life and the lives of those close to me, but also those issues that will have an impact on a global scale. now back to more piddling crap about alcohol, women, and goings-on in my head...

 (to the tune of Beauty and Beast's "Be Our Guest") some men hunt for sport, others hunt for food, the only thing i'm hunting for is an outfit that looks good see my vest, see my vest made from real gorilla chest, feel this sweater there's no better than authentic irish setter, see this hat 'twas my cat, my evening wear? vampire bat, these white slippers are albino african endangered rhino, grizzly bear underwear turtlenecks i've got my share beret of poodle on my noodle try my red robin suit it comes one breast or two see my vest see my vest see my vest like my loafers? former gophers it was that or skin my chauffers but a greyhound fur tuxedo would best so let's prepare these dogs kill two for matching clogs see my vest see my vest oh please won't you see my vest

 well, after following a urlLink link on urlLink vinicio's live journal i was able to determine that my pirate name should be Mad James Flint... basically i'm kinda stern but can crack under pressure and go crazy haha... pretty accurate, huh?

 alright, so i've been unable to read vinicio's journal entries on live journal for the past two days and i'm always getting this message that live journal is overloaded... what the hell is up with that? anyways, had some bbq last nite with chris and john and then when scott came over we played two 5-game series of durrock and lemme tell you, i won both series (with the aid of my partners, scott and john)... haha i miss playing that game as much as we used to... so i suggest we get a whole lot of people together and have this massive durrock party/championship series

 ok so i watched "the others" last nite and i have to say that it's pretty good; i think what really made it interesting was that i had no idea about one single iota of the film and so every little scene in the film was made all the more interesting... so i definitely recommend it

 well i finally broke the silence on urlLink bloggerville and i figure on trying to blog more often, but once school starts up i know i'm gonna have plenty of stories to blog about. but i watched magnolia last night and it's pretty fucking crazy, but i really enjoyed the first 10 minutes the most.

 there's something i've been noticing online and it really pisses me off, and i do believe i'm not alone in this: incorrect use of common words. it's all those times you're reading something off of a website or chatting with someone and then they go off and act like idiots by using their, there and they're incorrectly, or by confusing your and you're. now i know i ain't always talkin' the goodest i could (haha), and lord knows there are some words in the english language that you could understandably mess up in spelling or usage but for christ's sake people, LEARN HOW TO USE THE SIMPLE WORDS CORRECTLY. this is like my biggest pet peeve and it just pisses me off when people don't use them right. we spent all of elementary school learning which one to use at the right time, and then we spent all of jr. high and high school learning to correct those times when we used it incorrectly. so please, just fucking use it correctly. i can excuse the occasional lapse of usage because mistakes happen. but please people, just use it correctly... otherwise you seem like a complete and utter moron.

 scientists working out of the rain forests of mexico have discovered an indigenous beverage that smells horrible and tastes even worse, but increases a woman's sex drive by 200%... it's called tequila

 well, after hearing that gary sheffield (of the los angeles dodgers if you are unsure who he is) was sent to the hospital today after falling ill, i believe it's official: god hates the dodgers this year

 alright, well chris kinda showed me how to play mah jong solitaire and so i basically spent all day (and by all day, i mean i started playing around noon and finished at 1am) playing it... i did get pretty damn good at though, and now i'm ranked 115th. but chris and i have been trying to figure out what hard liquor to buy for all of next week and i think we got a pretty damn good list; the only problem is that its gonna cost a nice chunk of change. oh well, all that liquor will be fun anyways

 ok so i'm watching this show on the learning channel that is showing all these crazy injuries, like this one guy who got shot in the head and ended up with a quarter of his brain dissolving. he then had to have an implant put in his head so he could look somewhat normal. this other guy had a 2x6 piece of wood stick through his abdomen and this other guy had a metal pole go from his underarm and then out through his neck... craziness

 well, that whole ordeal i had with losing my dog after the fourth of july and then finding her the next day at the pound has resurfaced: the pound just called my mom and after a brief interview, they have selected my family to be interviewed by the OC Register for a story they are doing. now we are on a list of potential families to be interviewed, so we won't necessarily be in the story when it comes to print... but it pretty cool anyways

 when it's my time to die, i want to go quietly in my sleep like my grandfather and not screaming and frantically trying to save my life like those people in his car

 ah, it feels so good to sleep in my own bed again... and by the way, i am republican who did not vote for bush and instead voted for gore. and i disagree completely with his stance on stem cell research. he chose the cowardly way out by not choosing to support stem cell research fully (thus appeasing the moral majority) all the while allowing it continue (therefore partially satisfying the liberals); he also angered both sides, respectively, by not outlawing it and not supporting it fully. i feel he should have supported it whole-heartedly just so we can find ways to harvest stem cells more efficiently. however, i don't hate bush for what he's done in office and i'm not disgusted by him, i'm more indifferent about everything... and complaining about how bad bush is doing isn't going to get us anywhere. he's obviously going to end up like his father (i.e. one term president) so let's just ride out the next three years and hope he either resigns or gets impeached (oh yea, the missile defense idea is the only other serious problem i have with him just because it's making us get too isolated from the EU)

 oh yea, during orientation i happened to find gilmer wandering through the medical center and talked to him for a while and then when i got back to the hotel, i turned on the tv and while flipping through the channels i saw this show on the usa network called "cannonball run 2001"... and guess who i saw on the show? steve ponce from high school... i was like, "no fucking way!!!" haha

 well, i just got back from med school orientation and i'm really tired. and i'd like to apologize to those who were anticipating partying out in LA with me... i was pretty damn busy monday and then i had to go to bed early (i had to be at UCLA by 8 o'clock for like 3 days straight... i hate those ungodly hours). but i kinda got bored with westwood after a while and i think i found an appropriate motto for my orientation week: "you'll find out just how much of an alcoholic you really are." so now i'm certified in adult cpr and if necessary, i will use it. i'm gonna go get some food now and then go to bed... oh yea, from now on only clear tequila for me (not only does it taste good but it leaves you feeling good the next morning)

 it was my sister's bday yesterday and her friend gave her a simpsons trivia game... needless to say, i kick ass at that game. DAMP #51: hey, i'd really like to want to reply to your inane and witty instant message, but unfortunately i won't

 i know i haven't been blogging as regularly as i normally do but i'll try to make up for it (by the way, the next week will have almost no blogs from me as i will be in LA for orientation week)... i went to riverside the other day to turn in my financial aid form and looked around for some apartments; i'm thinking about getting my own one bedroom at $437 a month (how's that for rent compared to irvine or santa barbara?). but i've noticed that when i'm looking at potential places, i'm checking to see if it has plenty of unreserved parking so that during the winter months they'll be plenty of parking for chris, dave, and john... which reminds me, i don't think i can go boarding during the week next quarter seeing as i will have 18 hours of lab a week (with tuesdays having 6 hours of lab) and i don't think i should be missing those labs. but with next week being my med school orientation, i came to a realization: i have to spend a week with the "biomeds." now as non-ucr students, you are unfamiliar with the insulting quality of this statement. people at ucr would intentionally not take a class that has a lot of biomeds in them; if there was a class series (such as bio 5A, B, and C), people would delay taking the series a quarter so that they wouldn't have to compete with them. this of course then leads to resentment of the biomeds as overstudied overachieving scum... now i may be overachieving and scum, but in no way, shape, or form am i overstudied. so i never really considered myself a "biomed" (i even had a dream about it but i'll go into that later) and now that i have to spend an entire week with them means that i'm gonna need a lot of alcohol. anyways, i saw planet of the apes last night and for the most part it was alright; don't get me wrong, i enjoyed it... but there were some things that just bugged me. like how the male talking chimps looked like chimps whereas the females ones didn't quite look right. but i blame that more on my strong physical anthropology background... DAMP #50: second place is just a fancy word for loser

 i'm watching south park right now and i saw cartman beat off a dog... it was disgusting yet hilarious.

 well i just got an email that stated i needed to buy my own microscope... i figured that it would be expensive, but $1200??? god damn that's a lot of money.

 (keep this in mind as you read the rest: lemonade, orangeade, and limeade.) there is a pathological heart condition which involves extra fluid being in the pericardial space and the extra fluid ends up compressing the heart and decreasing cardiac output... what does this have to with lemonade and the like, you ask? well, the condition is called cardiac tamponade. now isn't that a disturbing image?

 gross anatomy update: today we removed the right and left lungs, then cut the right lung transversely so we could see some of the branching of the primary and secondary bronchi. then we cut away the pericardium and removed the heart by severing the superior and inferior venae cavae, the aorta, the pulmonary artery, and the pulmonary veins. it's just amazing at how large these vessels are (i could stick my index finger in the aorta and follow it down past the common carotid and subclavian arteries) and how well-defined the valves are. we then removed as much fat as possible from the outside of the heart and exposed the coronary arteries and veins (which feed and drain the heart musculature) and then cut open the atria and ventricles. we then rinsed out the heart with tap water to remove any remaining coaggulated blood and the structures inside were just incredible... it's just so amazing that i'm almost speechless.

 so two weeks after my classes started, the rest of UCR decides to join in the fun of going to school and i was able to make a number of humorous observations that all pertain to the new freshmen: they all think that college is so different than high school that it's automatically fun, even though they have a class at 8am; not only do they readily and happily take 8am classes, they have no idea where those buildings are and decide that the best time to look for those buildings is 10 minutes before class starts; they don't know what building they are in even after they have read the name of the building and have entered into that building (e.g. the biomed classroom is in our statistics building and says so in big letters on two of the outside walls. so some girl comes into the biomed classroom and asks me, "where is the stat building?"... i dryly replied, "you're in it"... dumbass)... so yea, i had a lot of fun at other people's expense. but now it's weird with all these people on campus and it's a lot more difficult now to navigate my way across campus on my bike because people like to walk in front of you just because they can... now all i need is for this weekend to be fun (i.e. let's drink a lot and then play worms)... haha

 this week has been pretty damn hot... it's been at least 100 deg. every damn day and i've determined i need more shorts. but today i had my first physiology class and in lab we worked on the mechanics of cell lysis (it turns out a lot of it has to do with transfer proteins), and the nicest thing about the lab was that the air conditioning was turned on full blast.

 alright so yesterday at the freshmen biomed orientation i sat with the freshmen and when my fellow 4th year biomeds did the whole Q&A thing, another 4th year and i asked some stupid questions... mine was, "how many classes can i miss and still get an A?" whereas the other guy asked, "is there some type of dress code? cuz you guys are all dressed like nerds" my question got a lot of laughs whereas the other guy's just got "ooh"s from the crowd... but it was a whole lotta fun. but today i got to be the guinea pig for our living anatomy lab in which the rest of my group drew on me with markers so as to discern from my bony landmarks (e.g. the sternal angle, jugular notch, xiphisternal joint) the approximate location of the lungs and its pleura. the only problem was that they had a little trouble figuring out exactly where my lungs were...

 well i got to use the bone saw again today, but this time i got to cut off the ribs and expose the pleural cavity (i.e. the lungs and heart)... it was a lot of fun. tomorrow i and eleven other 4th year biomeds get to give a little orientation Q&A for the entering freshmen biomeds and i think it's gonna be hilarious... i'm hoping we'll do a lil fake Q&A first where like some 4th years will be strategically placed throughout the lecture hall and we'll ask insane questions and how it applies to college life. but regardless of what we do, i'm sure i'll have fun with it. i'll give the full details tomorrow...

 i just got back from a mandatory bbq sponsored by the 5th year biomeds and i got to meet a lot of them and lemme tell ya, there are a lot more attractive chicks in their year than in my year... those bastards (although i'm not real sure who i'm calling a bastard). but it was a lot of fun and i also got to meet my big sib... we had to guess who they were based on a clue they gave; my clue: oon-may ee-lay or for those pig-latin challenged moon lee. so for guessing right i got a snickers bar... yay me. haha

 i never realized that my apartment complex is downhill from my school until the other day, so i basically get a great workout in the morning and it takes twice as long to get to school than it does to return home. but this will definitely help my legs get ready for snowboarding season and hopefully i'll be able to pull off better tricks.... we'll see i guess

 well first off, HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAVE ... although he never goes online anymore and will therefore never ever read this (unless john, chris, or i make him look at my blog), it makes me feel a bit better since i can't go have lunch with him and chris today. but hopefully we all will do something this weekend (i'm thinking of something that rhymes with dooze) and now that the whole gang is legal, we should schedule a trip to Vegas... this way john and dave can participate along in the debauchery instead of "rudy." oh yea, one of us should remind dave to get rid of his fake IDs now

 we dissected a portion of the neck today, and it didn't help that my cadaver was a short fat asian (well, we're guessing she's asian) woman with almost no neck. so i spent a good half hour just removing fat from the front of her neck and i think that's what my group will have to do through out the remainder of the class... maybe her fat will come in handy later, just in case we have to study the ass or something... i'd like to write "haha" but it's just too disturbing

 after lisa simpson was looking out the window and laughing at nelson, the whole class said: "Lisa likes Nelson Milhouse: "No she doesn't Class: "Milhouse likes Lisa Janey: "No he doesn't Class: "Janey likes Milhouse Uter: "No she doesn't Class: "Uter likes Milhouse Teacher: "NOBODY LIKES MILHOUSE haha

 i had my first med class today, and it just so happened that it was gross anatomy. and let me tell you, the cadaver lab was quite smelly but not like the smell of decay or garbage but a strong formaldehyde odor. at first it was a bit odd being in this room with these metal tables with body bags on them, and once we opened up the bags it felt really weird. but then we spent the next 30 minutes trying to drain all the fluid from the bag and i kinda got over the whole thing about this body once being a living human being. but my body is an old woman and when you touch her arms, legs, or back, it doesn't feel real either. oh well, tomorrow should be even more interesting.

 oh yea, for some reason i have free cable in my apartment. so until the cable company realizes this oversight, i'm taking full advantage of it...

 well, i'm trying to regain some semblance of normalcy and orientation (this one actually pertained to me... amazing) really helped. i got my microscope the other day, but today i got some keys to the biomed building, a medical bag full of medical instruments (including stethoscope, opthamaloscope, blood pressure cuff, and dissection kit), a medical dictionary, some surgical scrub pants, my books, and a plastic apron so when i go to the gross anatomy labs i won't get human remains on me. i still need to put away some things in my apartment but i really don't want to and i think i'll do it next week. take care everyone...

 anger... that's all i'm really feeling right now. but when i hear about those stories in which people are just helping as much as they can even if they are all the way across the country by simply giving blood, i start to tear up. but then my anger tends to flare up again and then gets tempered by those heart-wrenching stories. i just wonder when the next strike will be...

 positive thinking is a lot easier when you got a buzz going

 ok so i heard this on conan last night by a comedian: "internet porn is not corrupting today's youth... if anything, internet porn is saving millions of trees." so just call me an environmentalist then

 i don't like to brag except when it's about myself

 ok so i'm going to try and ramble on as long as possible: i've noticed that when it comes to downloading songs, i tend to do it in waves. like i've been downloading a lot lately, but before that i hadn't downloaded anything for a month or so. i've also noticed that when i download a new song, i'll oftentimes find myself listening to it repeatedly. right now i'm listening to pete yorn - life on a chain, and i must've listened to this god damn song like 26 times today; the next most-listened-to song is travis - side... both are kind of on the softer side of "rock music," with the former more akin to folk rock and the latter like complaining-loser rock but damn it, i love those songs... for now anyways. i imagine once i download some new songs i'll listen to them incessantly. i have to move into my new apartment this weekend, and i know that it's going to be extremely tiring and extremely hot. hopefully i've have some cute and easy (but not too easy, just easy enough for me) female neighbors (i figured i had ought to throw in the qualifier "female"). but i won't have enough free time to get acquainted with my place because on monday i'll have to get a physical, pick up my microscope, buy my books, and start freaking out about school. then on tuesday i'll probably just unpack all the lil things and bring up all my clothes from home, because on wednesday i'll have an all day orientation thing with school starting on thursday and continuing hellishly on friday (the nerve!!). this pisses me off that i have to start so early as compared to the other UCs (including all the grad students), but i'm glad i didn't have to start as early as UCLA med or the cal state/community college system. and i know i've been talking about me going to med school way too much (and i apologize, especially to chris because he's had to put up with it the most... and by that i mean me bringing it up and others asking me about it), but i figure you all will have to deal with it for the next four years. i just heard a commercial on the radio for the new sour skittles and half of the dialog was in spanish and it reminded me of another commercial for clean and clear or something like that that was also partially in spanish. now i understand that by living in southern california we're all exposed to the latin influence via mexico and that this is the way for corporate america to reach out to those individuals who strattle the culture divide between their latino heritage and their american environment, but c'mon most people don't speak spanish and even those who took spanish in school hardly remember any spanish. plus i think having the commercial in two languages kinda disrupts the flow of the commercial and all it does really is anger me. that's really all for now... i think i'll add some tomorrow.

 yea so i bought a season pass yesterday for urlLink mt. high and since i bought it the first day i ended up saving like $300 on it... now the only problem is that i really want to go snowboarding... and i want to buy a new snowboard... and i need to get some new lenses for my goggles. damn i'm gonna end up spending a shitload of money.

 today was even worse in my gross anatomy class than on monday when i did the anal triangle: today we did the urogenital triangle in which i had to locate the labia majora, labia minora, clitoris, and all related musculature and vasculature. however, the groups that have male bodies actually had to remove the penis... bad times. then in my doctoring class we had a lot of fun; i actually learned how to properly take someone's blood pressure. but i'm really looking forward to tomorrow's physiology lab in which we learn how to draw blood by practicing on all the other people in the class. and i found out a couple of hours ago that i'm going to mammoth with 2/3 of my bros (dave isn't coming... damn workaholics) on nov. 10-11... i'm going to be so tired the following morning. good thing i have an 8 o'clock class.... i'll probably fall asleep in the cadaver lab.

 well i have a final one week from today in gross anatomy and this time around i'm actually going to start studying for it really early... as in today. but i figure this way i can take my time and really learn the material, and not just cram it in as fast as possible the night before. but because the stench of our cadaver drove off two of the people in my group, this one guy and i have been working on the body for the past two weeks all by ourselves... which is a good thing because i get to see everything and see how every structure is related the rest of the overall anatomy, but the table we work on is just at the most awkward height and it gives me lower back pain. so right now, my back is really hurting and carrying all my books and notebooks to school and back didn't help one iota. plus this weekend i had a major cramp in my left calf muscle, and i'm still feeling the effects. so basically i got a bum leg and a bum back. but one more thing before i go fix me some food and get to studying, i found out that the ucr/ucla biomed program always gets higher scores on the boards than ucla med. for those who don't know what "boards" means, here's the low down. in order to receive your medical degree (i.e. M.D., although M.D. doesn't stand for medical degree) you have to pass the two united states licensing medical exams (USLMEs), commonly referred to as the board exams. well, ucla med uses the pass/fail system, in which a C is considered passing and anything below a C- is failing. being a part of the ucla med school, the ucr/ucla biomed program also uses the P/F system for the two years that you attend. however, since in the biomed program your first year of med school is the same as your final undergraduate year, you also receive a letter grade that is used towards your bachelor's degree. not wanting to have all the biomed students finish their first year with straight Cs, the dean made it where you can only get one C a quarter... two or more and you have to repeat the entire year. so this in effect makes it so that the only way to finish the year is with straight Bs, and this little difference is why ucr/ucla routinely beats ucla on the boards. plus the small population size of ucr/ucla (24) as compared to ucla (120) increases the likelihood that as a group we would do better than ucla... so go ucr. haha... alright, i'm gonna study now; or at least try to study

 so the day that i had feared this whole school year came today: we had to work on the anal triangle. it was absolutely not fun and there was fat everywhere... damn it was disgusting

 i was watching the world series (between the new york yankees and the arizona diamondbacks) just now and with randy johnson pitching for arizona, i saw a sign that read, "u can't yank r. johnson." i thought that was quite humorous and just had to blog it... haha

 snowboarding season is right around the corner...

 well, i just watched the 14 second video chris emailed me, and i have to say, "HOLY SHIT!!!!" i mean, i've seen fistings and footing and insertions of a whole lot of different types of things (like that one where the woman propelled a football out of her vagina), but never have i seen an adult human head go into a vagina that easy!!! oh sweet merciful crap that was disgusting... plus you know that it must be exceptionally disgusting if i, the guy who spends 9 hours a week working on dead bodies, think it's nasty.

 as read in playboy: one day a doctor had sex with his patient and the guilt just tormented him. no matter where he went or what he did, he couldn't shake how bad he felt about his actions. this continued until one day a voice in his head said, "don't worry, doctors sleep with their patients all the time." but then another voice said, "yea, but they're not veterinarians"... haha

 testament to just how nerdy my biomed class is: in our histology class (that's the one where we look at slides all day thru our microscopes), we often find a cell called a macrophage in amongst all the different tissues. for those whose memory escapes them, a macrophage is a monocyte-derived white blood cell that engulfs foreign bodies (i.e. bacteria). so the people on our intermural basketball team decided to call themselves the "smacrophages." when one of our histology professors saw this (we keep a running tab of how well they do on a chalkboard that's used only for announcements), he said rather stoicly, "you guys need to get out of this room more often." in a related note, we came up with a cool name for the "typical biomed" (i.e. studies incredibly too much, is in the biomed room all day, and knows just about everything in the notes, but yet still feels unprepared for the midterm): the biomedicon (like the decepticons on transformers). i happen to really like this name, even though it is derogatory, and really wouldn't mind to get a t-shirt that has the decepticon logo in the front with the word "biomedicon" beneath it and in small print on the upper middle of the back, "ucr/ucla school of medicine." that would be fucking awesome...

 apparently i haven't been sleeping all that soundly because i had another crazy ass dream. this one was about my family and i being at a slide park (essentially a water slide park, but without the water) and for some strange reason we were with curt schilling (the arizona diamondback's pitcher). well, the whole group divided up into pairs and we all went onto different sections of the park. it just so happens i paired up with curt schilling, and he wanted to go down this slide that looked like another slide crossed just in front of the end of this slide, and the only way to avoid hitting this other slide was to stop early. well anyways, i go down this slide and after recognizing this design problem, stopped quickly at the end and climbed around it. so i then go wait in this bar (that happens to be right by the end of the slide i just went on) and i watch curt schilling slide down. well i guess he didn't see the design flaw of the slides and smacks right into the other slide... he then goes flying into the air a la "meet joe black" and gets seriously hurt. then this hot blond chick next to me at the bar starts screaming and i go help curt get up and make sure he's alright. then once he's up, i'm checking him for broken bones when i hear this beeping sound. i'm thinking it's someone cell phone but then i realize it's my alarm clock, so i wake up...

 well, i woke up this morning with a clogged up nose, a really sore throat, and a fever... so i finally get to school after slowly walking there (i was in no mood to be riding my bike, plus it looked like it was going to rain), and just about everyone else is sick too... at least i'm not alone in my misery

 due to scheduling conflicts that chris has, i think we're going to put off the get-together at my place until probably next week, unless no one can go to that one either... so just give me a call at home (in cypress) and we'll try to figure something out

 yea so i had a freaky ass dream last nite and it involved a lot of people i know, just not any of the people that i really hang out with... it began as like this really crappy party that more resembled a slumber party than anything else, and at the party was jon berwanger, a kristy burwell/valerie cleland hybrid, a guy from my biomed classes who's normally a really cool guy, and a lot of other people that were relatively insignificant to the dream and seemed more like space fillers. well anyways, jon berwanger really wasn't jon berwanger and instead reminded me more of phil lyle (why i'm dreaming about them i have no idea, but i think i dreamt about phil because he fits the "asshole" profile...) and he was being a complete asshole so i started to argue with him. he started calling me names and was basically saying that i was a major asshole, and i agreed with him because, well, i can be. but then i added that although i may be an asshole, that at least people still liked me. at that he scoffed, and krislerie (the kristy/valerie hybrid) told me that nobody likes me and that people were just being polite. i then started to argue with her over that when the guy from biomed told me that she was right and that the only people who really like me are kindergartners because they don't know any better. he then added that the only reason i got invited to this party was that no one was going to come and that they just wanted to have some people there, even if that group of people included me... so i was incredibly hurt by that and then i woke up feeling like shit...

 i'm trying to phase out my yahoo and netzero email addresses, so from now on send stuff to urlLink b511b@earthlink.net

 even after having been embalmed and whatnot, you'd expect some smell to be emanating from the cadavers... well, for the most part that's true, except when you come to my group's body. it fucking reeks so bad that one guy in my group puts a mask on, one girl rubs vicks vapor rub under her nose (so the fumes will hopefully block out the stench), and i put mentholated chap stick on my lips and on the septum of my nose. but to no avail, it still smells worse than a skunk in a tuna factory. which brings me to why i'm bringing this subject up: i found out how my lady died. she had a myocardial infarction and septic shock along with renal failure (i.e. heart attack, a massive infection that made her go into shock, and kidney failure, which was probably the thing that finally killed her off). so we think that the bacteria that caused the septic shock are probably responsible for the horrible smell and that a few might be lingering around, which is why the smell is getting progressively worse. but other than that, i've had a pretty good day and i just watched seattle bump off cleveland; now i'm watching oakland and ny... hopefully, there'll be an all west ALCS and an all west world series... hahahaha

 alright, so i probably should have been studying since i got back to my apartment (which was around 6pm), but instead i watched arizona make it into the NLCS and then i started to play mah jong solitaire... well, i just got my best score ever of 216,345 (i died on round 21), which makes me ranked 4th for the day and 100th for the month. i'm pretty damn proud... but apparently there's going to be a lil drinking party at my place this weekend so the guys can check my place out and so we can also play worms completely hammered. so chris, don't forget to bring your psx and worms and i'll buy some beer and some snacks on friday. john, try to get some more hard stuff and some mixers and try to get dave to come along too. and if dave comes, get him to bring some hard stuff too. directions to my place (it's basically the same as for my last place): 91e to 215s/60e (towards Indio), exit spruce at the stop sign, make a left and keep on spruce until you hit Iowa (the 2nd light) make a right on Iowa, but then make a right at the next light (Massachusetts) make a right at the first driveway you see and now you should be in my complex go over one speedbump, and make a right the first apartment on the right is mine (1311, #205) i'll have my orange cones on my balcony and my windows open with the music blasting you can park in any uncovered spot, but if you can't find any just pull up in front of my staircase (it's the one with the fake spiderweb on it) and i'll find you a place to park if you get lost, call (909)275-0378 i'll post these directions at the end of the week and one more thing, are we doing this friday night or saturday night?

 i dunno what to think right now... i kinda got to thinking about my life and all the crap that i have to deal with and, frankly, i got a lil depressed. which is really weird for me since i'm normally so jovial... this isn't the first time i've felt like this though, but it has been a while (~1year). ehhhhhhh, i feel so damn frustrated. i think i start thinking like this after i've been living by myself for a while, which would explain why i last felt like this a year ago... or maybe i need to listen to some more upbeat music (no more coldplay or travis for some time then). but what i really need is to get some fucking balls and start talking to people. maybe then i can make life less stagnant. oh well...

 well i got back my histology midterm today and after only spending 7 hours studying for the exam whereas other members of my class spent days studying, i have to say that having done research with the professor really came in handy. the professor would call individual students to the back of the room where she went over specific areas of the exam with you, and she often said to me, "the answer i was looking for was _____, but i gave you some points anyways." so i basically got the same grade (i.e. half a point less) as the guy who spent a week studying and seriously knew his shit. another funny thing was that for one 13 point question, i wrote maybe 2 paragraphs and got a 12 on it; another guy wrote over a page and got an 11... wua ha ha ha ha. now my problem is that my grade reinforces me to study a minimal amount when i should be studying for days. so essentially my laziness will come back to haunt me. that's why i say laziness is a handicap. now if i can just convince the DMV of this...

 two important rules about girls: (1) never go for a girl who outweighs you by 30lbs., otherwise you can be in for a world of hurt. (2) alcohol and girls can be lots of fun separately, but combine them and you can get yourself into a whole shitload of problems

 there's gonna be some stuff you're gonna see, that's gonna make it hard to smile in the future. but through whatever you see, through all the rain and the pain, you gotta keep your sense of humor. you gotta be able to smile through all this bullshit... remember that

 i think studying for anatomy could be a lot more fun than it is right now. for example, when my class went over the anterior fascial sheaths of the thorax, it was noted that the female breast is highly mobile due to a space between the deep fascia of the pectoralis muscles and the superficial fascia of the breast. now, i believe that in order to emphasize this mobility and truly make anatomy a great class to study for we should have been assigned attractive young ladies to fondle... err palpate this mobility.

 friday night i had a wonderful dream: i was in some sort of sporting goods store, and i saw the two snowboards that i have always wanted (which is weird because the only board that i explicitly wanted before was the ride mountain and no other) and each of those boards were on sale. the only problem i had was deciding which one to buy. on the one hand, there was the ride mountain that i knew was perfect for me but it was last year's model. the other board, whose details are hazy as of this moment, was a '02 model and also perfect for me... i then decided to buy the ride since it happened to fold into an umbrella as well, which was a nice extra function plus it made it a whole lot easier to carry. that's when i woke up. then about an hour or so later, chris calls me up and asks if i want to go to a snowboard carnival in newport that was also going to have some killer sales (not to mention the nice mixture of snowboard chicks and newport beach chicks). now i'm thinking, god must really want me to buy a board this weekend. and who am i to doubt god? so now i'm in my apartment, looking at my 162 burton canyon (it's basically the burton custom but longer and wider, just not as wide as the floater) and drooling and laughing maniacally. now i just have to wait for it to get colder and then for the snow to drop (or be made)... oh yea, chris bought himself a new floater as well, but this time he got one about 6cm longer (164 vs. the old 158) so he's going to go faster. which is fine because i know my board is going to be sick-ass fast and, with this large sidecut, ultra manueverable

 well, i had my midterm earlier today and it was a killer... i wrote soooo much that my hand cramped up so much i had to essentially perform a deep tissue massage. but now i'm just relaxing before i study all weekend for my anatomy midterm, which starts monday morning at 8am. damn medical school, i never thought there'd be so much reading... haha

 i'm having another study break while my ramen is cooking, and i made the realization that if i stay up til midnite to study i will have stayed up past my bedtime and will be essentially pulling an "all-nighter"... these damn 8am classes are messing with me and it's no fun. plus now on the weekends i have trouble staying up late and by late i mean like 12:45 or something (i can't imagine staying up any later, haha)...

 i'm in the midst of my histology study-o-rama (again, histology, or histo for short, is basically looking at slides and being able to determine what kind of cell/tissue/functions can be distinguished as well as the underlying biochemical processes that may coincide) and i decided that i'd blog something completely tangential: meow meow meow meow, meow meow meow meow, meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow. thank you. and to think, craig herrick actually questioned why i wrote that in my journal for world history some 6 years ago (i'm assuming i wrote that in the fall of sophomore year, which was 1995; damn we're getting old)... what a dumbass. haha

 midterms are coming up for me (i.e. this thursday and next monday) and in comparison to my previous years of college, i've studied ten times as often as i would have normally. this, of course, is a good thing, except when you realize that now i have to essentially memorize everything in lecture and lab... so don't be shocked if my head explodes one day

 ok so i found out that in my medical bag full of cool supplies, i also have a tuning fork. so basically i've been going around my apartment and seeing if it can make anything vibrate; so far, no luck. but when i put it in my line of sight between the me and the tv, you can really discern the vibration since it makes the tv screen look all wiggly... i went to soak city this weekend (that's the waterpark across the street from knott's) for my brother's bday, but it wasn't a whole family thing: just me, my bro, and my sister michelle. and the only reason we went because if you brought a pepsi product, you not only got in for half price (i.e. $13) but you also got a free ticket to knott's that is valid until christmas eve. plus we got there at 10am, so for two hours no one was there; so basically we went on all of the rides like 5 times each... but now my ass really hurts since the "big" slides use a strip of water at the end as a method of stopping you, and basically they work by using the friction created between your ass and the water. oh, and i got tanned again... haha (god damn it, i'll probably die of skin cancer)

 i know i've gone on and on for the past year or so about becoming a forensic pathologist, i even talked briefly about getting a masters in forensic science, but i've started to have a change of heart (more like i'm changing my mind as opposed to that god-awful show, "change of heart"... ok so my "jokes" are getting corny, which means i need to fraternize with some new people while i'm at school)... i've been thinking how great it'd be to be a trauma surgeon or a cardiologist (with the latter harking back to my high school freshman days), something where i'd specialize in a field but still get to see a lot of patients. oh well, i'm still in riverside and i'm trying to work on a cardiovascular physiology study guide but to no avail... i don't know if i'm going boarding tomorrow since i haven't talked to chris about it in a while, although i still would like to go even if chris doesn't... alright, back to cardiac output, stroke volume, systemic vascular resistance, and P-V loops

 so a cardiologist told me today that she would rather have her patients eat mcdonald's (like a big mac meal) for the rest of their lives instead of smoking a pack a day...

 A Canadian man has sued a Vancouver-area strip club, claiming he was injured by a "reckless" exotic dancer who kicked him in the head. Greg Bonnett is seeking unspecified damages from the Barnet Motor Inn, claiming it was negligent in not posting prominent signs warning the public of the risk of sitting too close to the stage. Bonnett was in the New Westminster club on November 29, 2000 when a female dancer swung around a pole and kicked him, fracturing his nose, according to the lawsuit filed on Tuesday in British Columbia Supreme Court. The Coquitlam man's lawsuit also seeks damages from the dancer, identified only as "Jane Doe," for allegedly "dancing in a negligent and reckless manner."

 alright so you know that a tv show or movie or singer or whatever is popular when it influences society in a variety of ways... for instance, for a number of years the tv show friends affected society by the throngs of women who decided to get "the rachel," a hairstyle similar to what jennifer aniston had a couple of years ago. well, i guess friends' influence is seen in areas not previously considered. like this kid who was on the news whose first name is chandler... and guess what, he's only 5, meaning that his parents (most likely it was his mom's decision) named him that after the show... i think that's pretty pathetic

 reason #6546516121344946132467934 why mom's are the best woman you'll ever find: my mom baked me a lemon meringue pie (my favorite) using fresh lemons and sent it with me back to my apartment for no reason other than she cares... now i have to find a girl that'll do that... hell, i just need to find a girl

 i read two rather disturbing articles in the LA Times today, with the first having to do with this dentist that essentially made an assembly line out of her patients... apparently she would first give her patients (mostly children and teens) as much as 6 times the recommended dosage of the oral sedative chloral hydrate, turning it into a general anesthetic. she would dope up 3-5 patients at a time, most oftentimes not even weighing them to make sure the dose she gave wasn't lethal, and then would work on them one after another while not even bothering to change her gloves. one of her patients actually had a heart attack while sedated and was clinically dead for 28 minutes, but now has massive brain damage. the judge for the case? lance ito: the mr. komatsu look-a-like from the o.j. trial. the other story involved this dermatologist whose wife was going to divorce him and he didn't want to lose all of his assets (valued at $5 million), so he shot her in the head with a rifle while his children where in the house. his lawyers said that he was suffering from temporary insanity, and that this insanity was manifested in his secret cross-dressing and his taking birth control pills to try to make him more feminine (such as growing breasts specifically), as well as using his laser hair removal instruments to remove, well, his body hair. needless to say, the jury didn't buy his story and he was convicted of first degree murder.

 well, the fall quarter is almost over with only a week and a half of classes left before finals, but i think for next school year i found a roommate... he's a 4th year biomed too and he's a pretty cool guy, plus i'll end up living closer to school since his roommate is graduating this school year and i'll just move in... and he's in a frat so we can get some good parties going on... and i just heard on loveline how a 16yr old girl was getting cunnilingus from her dog... yea, pretty sick...

 ok so we bisected the head today with a hack saw, and now i know what a nasal cavity looks like. it's also nice to finally know what i've been able to feel with my tongue for all these years...

 junkyard wars marathon on the learning channel!!! woohoo!!!... haha

 just killing time for the next couple of hours until traffic dies down enough so i can go home.... mmm, can't wait for that turkey, honeybaked ham, mashed potatoes, and stuffing... but today in the cadaver lab (nice transition from food to cadavers), i spent two hours digging out some nerves and arteries out of the side of the head and now they're going to be on the next midterm. so i better remember those really well then. haha

 Teen Celebrity Match Score! Your celebrity match is Katie Holmes! We're not saying you're really the quiet, sensitive type. But you seem to have a touch of those qualitiesenough to make Katie Holmes your celebrity match pretty nice, huh...

 well it seems like i just keep on winning. today, i received a letter from the dreyer's ice cream corporation that stated that i had won a prize in their most recent sweepstakes. my prize? a $1 off coupon for a 48oz. container of ice cream... i wonder if i have to report this on my income tax. haha anyways, i was going to post the following yesterday, but blogger was down partially... by that i mean i could post blogs, only they wouldn't be published. oh well... the seven things that are important to my education (in no particular order): 1) watching tv 2) napping 3) reading the comics 4) alcohol 5) snowboarding 6) blogging/chatting 7) girls and i guess you could add studying to that list, but then it makes my life sound too nerdy... haha one last thing, as i watched the MTV europe music awards (from which i learned that europeans are stupid and weird. but european-americans are different and aren't idiots... for the most part anyways), there was a category for best male video with a whole bunch of people in it that are very popular here in the states (but whose names escape me at the moment) and also robbie williams. well, robbie williams won and his speech was absolutely hilarious. here's the gist of it: "last year when i won this award i was very arrogant and said thanks to all the fans for my three houses, my five cars, and my wealth. well, this past year was tough and i had to sell two of the houses, as well as all of my cars, and you know, us celebrities have many divorces which are quite expensive, so please, go out and buy my album..." needless to say, chris and i busted up laughing...

 alright well the midterm was difficult but it definitely could have been a lot harder than it was, so i guess i'm happy about that. but today in anatomy lab i removed some more of the skull so i could remove the brain and once i took the brain out, i busted out a hacksaw and cut off some of the forehead so i could get to the orbit (i.e. where the eye is). then i took out a chisel and a hammer and removed the roof of the orbit and then spent the next hour and a half removing fat from in there so i could see the vessels, nerves, and muscles. and i know what you're thinking.. "that's fucking disgusting" and "is there supposed to be fat in your orbit?" well, my answers are yep and yep. but i still have some more remnants of fat left and on monday i'm going to try to sort through all that's in there so i can hopefully learn all the stuff. but other than that my day has been pretty boring...

 ok so i have a midterm in histology tomorrow and i have a lot of material to cover so i'm not going to be responding to any IMs sent my way. but i did feel obligated to mention that today in the cadaver lab i used the bone saw on the skull and i actually removed the skull cap. so after i sawed thru that sucker i used my trusty wooden mallet and a chisel to pry off the skull cap. interestingly enough, my body is the only one in the class to actually have a metal plate in her head. it looked more like metal meshwork than an actual slab of metal, and it came off a lot easier than i had anticipated. and once the metal plate was off, i was looking right at her brain. anyhow, once i pried off the skull cap i cut off the outer membrane of the brain (the inner dura mater... the outer dura mater is fused with the internal periosteum of the skull) and just started messing with the brain. i was supposed to cut more off of the skull so i could actually remove the brain, but i wanted to leave lab early so i could go study histology. so on friday i'll go into detail on how i removed the brain... oh yea, i don't know when was the last time you went to the dentist and he actually drilled your teeth, but considering bone and teeth are made of the same material (hydroxyapatite, or calcium phosphate that has incorporated water into its crystal lattice... but teeth are modified to be harder than bone) when i was sawing into the skull it smelled the same as when you get your teeth drilled. plus on one part of the skull i pushed too deep with the saw and accidently went into the brain and when i did, a whole mess of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) came out. the really bad part was that it was draining over the area i needed to saw thru next so when i tried to cut thru it, CSF was splattering all over the place. luckily i had a surgical mask and some goggles...

 A grade school teacher gave the assignment to her class, that each student should think of a story and then a moral for that story to share with the class the next day. The following day the teacher asks for the first volunteer to tell their story, and little Suzy raises her hand. "My dad owns a farm and every Sunday we load the chicken eggs on the truck and drive into town to sell them at the market. Well, one Sunday we hit a big bump and all the eggs flew out of the basket and onto the road." The teacher asks for the moral of the story and Suzy replies, "Don't keep all your eggs in one basket." Next little Lucy offers to tell her story Lucy, and she says, "Well my dad owns a farm too and every weekend we take the chicken eggs and put them in the incubator. Last weekend only 8 of the 12 eggs hatched." The teacher asks for the moral of the story and Lucy replies, "Don't count your eggs before they're hatched." Finally it's little Billy's turn and he says, "My uncle Ted fought in the Vietnam war, and his plane was shot down over enemy territory. He jumped out before it crashed with only a machine gun, a machete, and case of beer. On the way down he drank the case of beer." "Unfortunately, he landed right in the middle of 100 Vietnamese soldiers. He shot 70 with his machine gun, but ran out of bullets, so he pulled out his machete and killed 20 more. The blade on his machete broke, so he killed the last ten with his bare hands." The teacher looks in shock at Billy and asks if there is possibly any moral to his story and Billy replies, "Don't mess with Uncle Ted when he's been drinking."

 the guys came over, we drank, played some worms, and then decided not to go to mammoth. i mean, there was snow at mammoth but considering there's only one run open, the 4-5 hour drive really wouldn't be worth it. so we stayed up later and finally went to bed at like 3:30am... the time that we should've woken up at had we still planned on going to mammoth. when we finally woke up, we deliberated for 10 minutes on what to do and decided on vegas... haha. the whole day ended up being a ton of fun, but very tiring. so now i'm going to try to study, but i just want to loaf around for another couple days...

 ok so i don't know if we're still on for mammoth or not because chris doesn't seem to ever be home long enough to IM me or blog anymore (damn that patricia), but just in case i figured i'd post the directions to my apartment yet again. 91e to 215s/60e (towards Indio), exit spruce at the stop sign, make a left and keep on spruce until you hit Iowa (the 2nd light) make a right on Iowa, then make a right at the next light (Massachusetts) make a right at the first driveway you see and now you should be in my complex (Oak Park Apts) go over the speedbump and make a right the first apartment on the right is mine (1311, #205) i'll have my orange cones on my balcony and my windows open with the music blasting you can park in any uncovered spot, but if you can't find any just pull up in front of my staircase and i'll find you a place to park if you get lost, call (909)275-0378

 A guy picks up a tipsy babe in a bar. They go to her place, and to warm things up, he starts to go down on her. He's eating away, when suddenly out pops a little green pea. "Hmm," he thinks, spitting it out, and then he continues to eat her. A few moments later, out comes a piece of corn. "More veggies, this is weird," he thinks to himself. Once again, down he goes. This time, out pops a small noodle. This is too much for the guy. He looks up at her and says, "What's the matter? Are you sick?" "No," she says, "but the guy before you was"

 some pick-up lines i heard on family guy: you must be a parking ticket because you've got "fine" written all over you. (to two girls talking to each other) pardon me but i don't want to come between you two. or do i? if you don't understand that last one, just think about it and it'll come to you... haha

 well i'm still sick and all i ever seem to do is cough like every few seconds... it's getting really irritating. but school was rather uneventful as was the rest of my day, so i'm going to watch the simpsons, maybe clean up my apartment, and then probably go to bed...

 i went over all my old blogs not too long ago and here's basically a list of stuff that i tend to do too much in my IMs and in my blogs: 1. display my amusement by a four letter word: haha 2. separate thoughts by ellipses (i.e. "..." and not the geometric shape) 3. use parentheses way too much 4. use latin abbreviations like i.e. and e.g., which mean "that is" and "for example" respectively just in case you didn't know 5. make lists of things i do or have done 6. write about school/drinking excessively (although my misadventures in the cadaver lab are apparently quite entertaining to you guys based on some of the feedback i've received) 7. start off a blog by saying, "well" and then going off on something stupid that's all for now... haha.

 fuck the fucking fucked-up fucks, cuz fucked-up fuck-ups fucking suck. i told you once you stupid cunt, you fucked-up fuck-ups fucking suck. --Mr. T Experience (it's a band) sorry for that. i just felt like writing something stupid.... oh well. i registered for my classes today and it's pretty much going to be the same stuff: human gross anatomy (the second part of the series), physiology (the second part of the series), medical immunology, medical microbiology, and doctoring. but anatomy actually starts tomorrow and ends in the beginning of february, after which medical microbiology will start in its place. in physiology i hear that in the kidney section we actually experiment on ourselves by testing our own urine under normal conditions and then after we drink a lot of water, a lot of juice/soda, some beer, and then some poor soul who can't drink anything. but in the meantime school has once again gotten hectic since i have another midterm coming up (next thursday) and so i'm going to try to start studying either tonite or tomorrow. and on thursday in physio lab i'll be taking my own EKG, so i should find out if i have any serious heart conditions.

 these past few days have been pretty damn interesting. i actually was a (semi-)good student and started studying for my anatomy final on thursday and i really got a lot done on friday. then when i got home on saturday, i found out that my parents just got digital cable; so now i have to learn all the channels all over again. but while i was watching "stir of echoes" on one of our 7 HBOs, dave came over and then we went out to lunch where some guy overheard our conversation and started going off on the old game show "double dare" and how a great way to get supermodel-esque girls is by keeping your nails clean. then i went over to john's for a quasi-bbq (even though i was the only one on time... i was there even before john was) and then after some time i finally had some steak, some drinks, and some games of worms. and dave and i created a new drink based on odin from worms: mix 1 shot each of citron, bacardi, triple sec, and captain morgan, the juice from a lemon wedge, and some powdered sugar and then distribute into shot glasses (and if you're wondering what that has to do with odin: citr O n, bacar D i, tr I ple sec, captai N morgan). it's quite good and rather smooth. sunday was rather boring, other than the world series, but mostly because i had to get back to my apartment to finish studying. but now i'm really sick again; it's the second time within the past three weeks that i've been sick. and i know i must be really sick because i'm coughing every couple of minutes and nothing tastes good... dr. pepper and 7-up practically taste the same to me right now. which is really weird cuz my nose isn't plugged up at all, and that's what normally hinders your sense of taste (considering that smell is a big factor in taste sensations). but i dropped off my skull from my bone box off at school so on wednesday i can know what the hell the professor is talking about... all i know right now is that we're going to be working on the face. ok, so i wrote a lot more than i had anticipated and now i'm really tired. so i'm going to watch boston public, and maybe ally mcbeal if i feel like it, and then i'll probably go to sleep. although i wouldn't mind going to bed like right now...

 ok so maybe i was a bit excited about the dbacks winning the world series considering that as loyal dodger fan i must therefore hate the dbacks (seeing as they're both in the NL West division and pretty fierce rivals... although not as fierce as the dodger-giant rivalry), but the yankees have been a longer nemesis of the dodgers and i just love to watch the yankees lose... plus it's nice to see all those guys on the dbacks who've played over a decade and never made it to the world series finally win a ring... alright, i'm about ready to head off to school for my anatomy final and i'm feeling pretty good; definitely a lot better than last time for my anatomy midterm. but i just know the professor is going to write a question or tag a structure on the cadaver that i'll have fucking clue what it'd be... those bastards!!! haha

 DIAMONDBACKS WIN THE WORLD SERIES and it's about time that the fucking yankees lose too... haha. and this was a great game too. arizona won it in the bottom of ninth off of some really clutch hits and it was so freaking fun to watch. now back to studying for anatomy...

 i just got home from school and i was shocked to find that i am no longer getting free cable... those bastards. always trying to keep me down... haha. anyways, i'm going to stay at my apartment tonite so i can study as much as possible for my anatomy final and then i'm coming home tomorrow morning, that way i can show up at john's for that barbeque he's throwing. then hopefully sunday i'll go to the freshtrax convention at the long beach convention center and maybe i'll get some free gear...

 ok so today i drew some blood from another student today and i had my blood drawn too... it was fun but nerve racking at the same time. oh well, i'm going to get back to studying now.... freakin' med school making me read so damn much

 in honor of "the gods" from worms: armaggedon, we made this drink in early november we called O.D.I.N.: equal parts citrOn, bacarDi, trIple sec, and captaiN morgan. then just add some lemon juice and some powdered sugar to the shot glass, and then down the sucker...

 as heard on the family guy: christmas is that time of the year when jesus' ghost rises from the grave to feed on the flesh of the living, and only the singing of christmas carols can banish him back to the grave... haha. blasphemous, yet hilarious

 what if the hokey-pokey really is what it's all about?

 i'm all done with my tests for this week, but i still have an anatomy lecture to attend tomorrow morning since we moved our anatomy midterm that was scheduled for tomorrow to the first monday after we get back from christmas break, so the lecture that we were supposed to have on that monday we get back is tomorrow instead... but then we're having a potluck afterwards so it's all good

 i just saw the urlLink video on urlLink Nice Guys and Nice Girls and i have to say that it was hilarious yet true. i loved how the guy totally disses the fat chick and how the only way for him to find someone was to say he's got money.

 ok so i took my doctoring "final" today, i only took 17 minutes to answer all 50 questions and i sincerely believe that some of those tests on emode were more difficult. here's some of the questions that were the most hilarious: A 30 year old woman comes in for an appointment complaining of headaches that have occurred over the last 3 days. You should: a. Perform a physical b. Ask her to undress c. Get her medical history d. Do a detailed neurologic exam so obviously the answer is b if she's an attractive lady, but c in all other cases... An 18 year old girl comes in complaining that she hasn't had her period in 8 weeks. You order a urinary pregnancy test and it comes back positive. You should: a. Tell her parents immediately b. Refer her to psychiatric counseling c. Discuss her options with her d. Tell her school counselor e. Tell her to terminate the pregnancy and the funniest one by far... Which of the following are true about male condoms? a. Natural condoms are more effective than latex condoms b. Male condoms are the most effective form of contraception c. Female condom use is greater than male condom use in the U.S. d. "Anal qualified" male condoms are more effective in preventing STDs e. Spillage and breakage are the least common reasons for condom failure i honestly started busting up laughing when i read this question

 alright so i used the translate button on my browser to see if prospero ano y felicidad would mean anything different seeing as i didn't use the tilda (~) over the n, and it gave me, "Prospero anus and happiness." haha... now i'm watching a rerun of Cops and a guy tried to kill himself by shooting himself in head with a .38 caliber handgun, but he didn't die and was able to call 911. the weirdest thing though was that he tried to stop the bleeding from his head by putting the telephone cord in there... and i guess the bullet's path was from behind his ear out thru his mouth, so he ended up taking out some of his teeth too

 so why watch trashy city folk bicker over failed relationships or fender benders when you can watch trashy texas hicks bicker over damage to dirt bikes and beauty shops with an amusing twangy accent? tune in to texas justice on channel 11 to find out more...

 a punk rock take on a modern classic... feliz navidad, feliz navidad, feliz navidad prospero ano y felicidad feliz navidad, feliz navidad, feliz navidad prospero ano y felicidad thank you for breaking up with me at christmas you picked a perfect time to break it to me right after i bought ever gift you wanted i guess just that's the bitch you are you changed your pager, home, and cell phone number you even took out a restraining order i can't be within five hundred feet of ya i think you've gone too far feliz navidad, feliz navidad, feliz navidad prospero ano y felicidad feliz navidad, feliz navidad, feliz navidad prospero ano y felicidad i'm really sorry that i fucked your sister i can't believe she even let me fist her i even hooked up with your best friend esther yea she blew me in your car i guess i'll never ever learn my lesson just bought a brand new shiny smith & wesson i'm gonna keep your boyfriend second guessing i hope i see him at some bar somebody told me he was born a woman they said he changed his name from rachel to ruben you must be the only bitch he's foolin' you should check him for some scars i hope you get a fucking yeast infection or some disease from using no protection you know your boyfriend can't get an erection yea his "weewee" won't get hard merry merry christmas oh yeah merry merry christmas oh yeah merry merry christmas oh yeah merry merry christmas oh yeah merry merry christmas oh yeah

 well i only have three tests this week, and only two of those are finals... that's because my physiology class is a two-quarter class, but i only get one grade for both of them (so for this quarter my grade in that class will be IP: in progress), so the test for that class is only a midterm. but i had my histology final today and i knew the material pretty damn well, it's just that the stuff i didn't think was all that important had some major questions on the test. hopefully i didn't do so bad that i can't get at least a B... but i have tomorrow off and i'll probably use that time to study for physio but i'm not too worried. and as for my other final this week in doctoring, you basically don't even need to do any reading to get an A in the class and even if you don't pass the final, you get to take it over until you do... oh well, i should get back to cleaning up my apartment. one last sidenote: mt. high just got 5 inches of snow last night

 SEATTLE (Reuters) - Even the best surgeons occasionally leave foot-long metal instruments inside their patients -- though it happens very rarely, officials at a Seattle hospital said on Friday. Just days after announcing they were paying a tumor patient $97,000 for leaving a retractor inside him after surgery, the University of Washington Medical Center said similar accidents happen about once a year. Specifically, the hospital said four similar accidents had occurred there since 1997, or about once every 12,000 operations. As a doctor stitches up an abdomen, he gradually pushes the patient's bowels back in, leaving just a tiny portion of the retractor extending from the incision, said Carlos Pellegrini, chairman of the surgery department at the university, as he demonstrated on a mannequin for reporters. ``As you can see it is relatively easy to leave this instrument in an incision like this,'' Pellegrini said. The hospital on Tuesday said it apologized to Donald Church, 49, for leaving a 13-inch retractor inside him for 30 days in June 2000, despite his complaints about pain. Hospital officials now plan to hire extra nurses to count retractors to ensure no more are left behind. Until now, the hospital has counted needles, sponges and other small surgical items, but not larger instruments, of which doctors might use as many as 600 in a single surgery.

 i received like 30 emails with that new "goner" virus in them, but luckily my friend (the one i'll room with next year) told me to look out for some suspicious email since he received the same thing. but the only reason i got so many emails is that my email address is on the ucla med school listserv, so one mormon, i mean moron (damn those freudian slips), opened up the email and the virus sent itself out to everyone on the list. then some more morons opened their attachments and the process was repeated. the really pathetic thing is that i was still receiving the infected email after the webmaster for ucla sent out an email saying what's going on. so in spite of this warning, they still opened their attachments... hell, i barely open attachments i receive from people i know. and even worse, these people are going to be doctors, going to be seeing patients, and are going to try to save lives!! i think i need to go lie down...

 ok so this weekend has been pretty damn hectic: on friday i did half of my portion of a study guide for cardiovascular physiology, and then after sleeping in on saturday, i finished up the study guide. then after i got back home to cypress i cut my hair and then went off with the boyz to play cards/worms with some casual drinking. but i ended up staying up too late that night (~3am), and i kinda overslept... i wanted to head back out to riverside at 11, but i that's when i woke up. my goal was to be back in riverside with plenty of time for me to get some lunch before i went to school for my study group, which was meeting at 1pm. well, i ended up not getting on the freeway until like 12:15 but i was able to arrive at 12:50... by far my fastest time. so after i put away my perishable groceries, i was able to make it to the study group on time. the study group lasted for the next five hours... needless to say, i was incredibly tired. so i went to bed early last night (or rather the regular time for me now, ~10:30), but i forgot to set my alarm clock so i woke up like a half hour before class started... but i napped earlier today and so i'm feeling a bit better...

 ok so now more and more biomeds are reading my lil blog here (in addition to my friends from back home), so now i'll have to be instituting a bit more anonymity when i tell tales of goings-on at school... but just remember, this is just a forum for me to express what's on my mind... as sad and horrifying as that may sound. so anyways, i had a respiratory physiology midterm this morning at 8 and then instead of lab, we had our renal (i.e. kidney) physiology lecture. and since physio is taught by this guy who loves pop quizzes, we had a renal pop quiz right after our midterm.. AAARRRGGGHHHH!!! oh well. life goes on... slowly. but after physio the day was pretty lax. matt and i had jade (another biomed) drop us off at the uv (non-ucr people: where the bank and denny's are) where we had quiznos and starbucks... plus while we were eating we saw a hearse drive past us as well as a potential accident. we then walked back to class (after strolling to the snow that some club dumped in the commons from yesterday... surprisingly, i don't think much of it melted) we napped for a good 40 minutes. then immuno started and we basically napped for another hour and a half. but i got back my immuno quiz from last week and i decided that for my research paper, i want leprosy...

 so other than the fact that mt. high has already received 14" of new snow this week (keep in mind it's only tuesday ), plus the snow that fell today (i'm assuming a lot fell considering the snow level dropped to below 1500 feet), i've got tentative plans for boarding on friday... which would be a welcomed study break since i have an anatomy final and an immuno quiz next week

 when matt and i left the library at 5:20pm, we could tell that it was going to rain tonight, and maybe even on us while we walked home... well, a couple drops fell here and there, but then i noticed that the drops on my jacket had a little more substance to it: ice. as i kept on walking, it started falling harder and i realized that it was snowing... craziness

 overheard in the cadaver lab today (it was said by matt... my possible roommate for next year): "women are so emotionally unpredictable... one day they're cooking and cleaning the house, the next day they've got your 5 kids [floating] in the bathtub." the latter is a reference to that lady who drowned her 5 kids in the bathtub, and i thought i should at least semi-modify the statement so those who don't follow the news that much can get the joke. ah, good times. anyways, also in the cadaver lab today, my lab partner paul (and guess what, he's just as irritating as the other paul we know and love) picks up a string that came off of the cheesecloth we use to cover the cadavers (so we can keep the important areas and structures moist) and jokingly says, "what nerve is this?" i chuckle halfheartedly just so paul will notice that i did hear his joke and will therefore stop telling me any more jokes, but then i place the string on the front side of the leg and make it look like it's exiting the abdomen and ends at the big toe. i then tell paul to call seymour (a guy who has the funniest sounding voice ever... plus when we try to imitate him we sound like we have down syndrome) over because during lab all he ever does (outside of ruining good nerves, vessels, etc.) is go around to all the groups and asks to see what structures they've found on their cadavers. well, paul calls seymour over and i ask him, "what nerve do you think this is?" he looks at it and says, "i dunno, superficial peroneal?" then he picks up the string near the foot and tugs on it to see where it innervates... seeing as the "nerve" isn't attached to anything, it just comes loose and i say angrily, "you broke it!! well, we don't need this fucking thing anymore!" and then i just act like i'm tearing off the nerve and the just throw it on the table in a fit of anger. then paul and i start busting up laughing and i confess that it's just a string from the cheesecloth... seymour's embarrassment and horror yields to embarrassment and anger, and he tries to kick my stool like a three year old girl. well, apparently when i got "pissed off" i kinda said it really loud, so when i turn around the whole class is watching seymour freak out... haha. seriously, that was one of the funniest times i've ever experienced...

 20 things you didn't know about political assassination: 1. in 1976, the senate's church committee determined that the CIA had planned to assassinate cuban president fidel castro, congolese prime minister patrice lumumba, chilean president salvador allende, dominican president rafael trujillo, and cuban revolutionary che guevara 2. following the assassination of egyptian president anwar sadat in 1981, the egyptian gov't detained over 2500 "participants." it was the largest murder conspiracy ever 3. in the 15th century, caterina sforza, the countess of imola and forli in what is now italy, attempted to kill pope alexander VI by mailing him letters wrapped in the bandages of plague victims. the pope remained in good health 4. rigoberto lopez not only shot and killed nicaraguan dictator anastasio somoza in 1956, but he also won a newspaper contest for the best poem eulogizing the murdered leader 5. the first major soviet defector during the cold war, trained assassin nikolay khoklov, had a weapon of choice: an electrically operated gun, fitted with a silencer and concealed in a gold cigarette case. the gun fired cyanide-tipped bullets that would lead a pathologist to diagnose the cause of death as heart failure 6. an early version of the KGB-invented "umbrella gun" may have been used on nobel prize winner aleksander solzhenitsyn in august 1971. (while waiting in a food line, solzhenitsyn was stricken by a strange ailment and was covered in blisters and bedridden for three months.) 7. in september 1978, KGB agents used a poison-tipped umbrella to murder bulgarian rebel georgi markov, jabbing him in the leg as they walked past him on london's waterloo bridge 8. senior CIA official john paisley was found floating in chesapeake bay in 1978. he died of a bullet wound to the head and had 38 pounds of weights around his body. a life insurance company withheld a $100,000 payment when the FBI declared paisley's death a suicide 9. a lawyer hired by mrs. paisley said, "jumping off a boat with a gun in hand, pulling the trigger while in the water is, to be charitable about the matter, a weird way to commit suicide." 10. in 1938, ukranian nationalist yevhen konovalets was assassinated by a soviet agent who presented him with a box of chocolates, which exploded and killed him 11. after shooting pope john paul II twice in 1981, mehmet ali agca dropped his gun and fled, only to be knocked to the ground and subdued by suor letizia, a fairly large and robust nun 12. the chicago tribune ran a front-page story in 1975 about an unexecuted CIA plot to assassinate french president charles de gaulle in the late '60s after he ordered all u.s. troops removed from french soil 13. a plot to kill hitler with a suicide bomb in 1944 took six years of planning and involved nearly 200 german officials. it failed 14. in 1916, the son of the russian czar tried to kill the influential politician rasputin by lacing his dinner with enough potassium cyanide to kill six men. after dinner, rasputin handed the prince a guitar and asked him to play a song. enraged, the prince shot rasputing in the back, left him to die, and returned to find rasputin still alive 15. one of the prince's co-conspirators then shot rasputin in the shoulder and the head, tied him up, and threw him in a lake, still alive, where he drowned 16. after an attempt on her life in 1972, imelda marcos, first lady of the phillipines, wore her injured arm in a sling made entirely of gold. 17. leon trotsky was killed in mexico city while reading a magazine article written by his icepick-wielding assassin, ramon mercador del rio, a KGB agent sent by stalin 18. saddam hussein runs his food through chemical analyzers before he eats. his hats are all bulletproof, and his visitors are x-rayed to weed out potential bomb-swallowing assassins 19. it took three different pistols, fired at point-blank range, to murder benito mussolini on april 28, 1945. walter audisio, who had kidnapped the fascist leader from italian partisans three days earlier, fired on pistol that jammed, then a revolver that also jammed, before succeeding with a third gun 20. in 1966, mussolini's widow received an envelope from an american diplomat containing fragments of her dead husband's brain. mussolini's body had been transported to various burial sites, and the americans had taken a piece of his brain for experimentation in 1945

 the following i've taken from the dec. 2001 issue of gear magazine, and only loosely applies to my life... afterall, i have started my way to a career. you know, i just realized that i've been coasting through my whole existence. instead of going out and seizing the day, i stayed in and slept through it. instead of getting high off life, i got drunk off moonshine and the power i have over small animals. instead of getting my foot in the door and starting a career, i stuck my penis in a watermelon and frightened the neighborhood children. it's time to make some changes. from this point on, you're going to see a whole new me. you're thinking, "what? you're going to start fucking a different kind of produce now, right?" to that all i have to say is that it helps if you warm it up first...

 alright, well i'll catch you all up to speed on my life since the last time i blogged: on thursday after class i went snowboarding up at mt. high. it was fun since it was the first time since tahoe that chris, dave, and i went boarding together. we only got to go for like 2 hours since the guys didn't leave cypress til 5. but when we got up there it was cold enough for them to be blowing snow all over the mountain, so we all layered up and damn it if it still wasn't really cold. dave was kinda disappointed that he would have to buy a $35 ticket for 2 hours, so instead he bought one off of a guy in the parking lot for 6 bucks. and as we were walking through the parking lot, we noticed that the junkyard wars van was there... when i saw that i was thinking that maybe they had the teams make their own snowmobiles to go up the slope, but instead i settled with the idea that the guy who drives the van just wanted to get some boarding in. anyways, mt. high was more crowded than i expected, but we basically walked onto the lift each time. oh yeah, we determined that it took us 8 minutes from the time we got on the lift to the time that we ended right back at the lift line... so yea, we basically got in a whole mess of runs in the short span of time that we were there. but dave's lower back started hurting him (he first hurt it in that car accident we were in that involved us being hit so hard by an accord that it pushed us into another accord, all in front of honda world in garden grove) and so we decided to take off. we stopped off at the del taco by the 15, where we bumped into jon berwanger... he recognized us first and came over and started talking to us... i recognized him immediately, but chris and dave i guess took a few minutes before they remembered who he was. on friday i went to class after a restful night of sleep (i'm thinking i should snowboard after class from now on just so i can sleep so well), but i didn't stay in lab for too long and instead went over to the honors office for some free donuts and orange juice. i chilled there for the next hour with matt and heidi, managing to spill OJ on the floor and making an idiot out of myself. but then i went back to the classroom and got my preceptor assignment (he's basically a physician that critiques my interviewing skills)... the day was pretty uneventful after that, although i started coughing like a mofo again on saturday dave called me up and we went out to lunch at cheng's kitchen (it's over by the volunteer fire dept. on lincoln and walker)... i had mongolian beef (ingredients: beef, onions, bell peppers), dave had ginger beef (ingredients: beef, onions, bell peppers). we then went back to my house and i showed him simpsons road rage... he was quite impressed by the level of detail in the game. but after that my cough got worse and i spent the rest of the day pretty much just lying around. dave called me up after he got off of work and wanted me to go down to irvine, but i really wasn't feeling it... sunday was a bit different in that i finally went back to church after a month's absence (which is not much of an absence compared to some readers of this blog...), and then after playing a whole mess of darts i went over to chris'. we then went out to the casa gamino in westminster (i still prefer the one in anaheim because at the anaheim location you get a salad with your fajitas) and met up with ellen and randi at starbucks. we all then went back to my house and played scrabble, rich man poor man, and king's cup, during which ellen got drunk. chris and i really didn't drink enough to make us drunk, although i think he was a bit buzzed (i, on the otherhand, was not feeling much different than normal... damn that tolerance). we then walked up to cawthon elementary and played a rousing game of truth-or-dare... monday, i did shit. i was hoping to get back to my apartment early in the day (~noon) but i got there about 3, and i didn't start studying for my immuno quiz (which i had today) until 10. but i did nap from 6:15 until 7:45... so basically i fell asleep with one episode of the simpsons on and woke up with another episode of the simpsons on... today: immuno, immuno, immuno.... although i did spend 10 minutes studying for the "pop" physio quiz... i say "pop" instead of pop because we've had these unscheduled quizzes every class so far. then i spent my lunch studying immuno, and it turns out i still wasn't completely prepared for the quiz... but i just finished doing my topic on alcoholism screening for my doctoring class, and i've been able to determine that i'm at risk for alcoholism (due to my family history and tolerance)... now i'm listening to loveline but i'm just about ready to go to bed...

 not to rain on your parade vinicio, but simplex is already a word and it means simple, single, or allowing telecommunication in only one direction at a time... it comes from Latin (circa 1594). but when i first saw that you put "simplex," i instinctively thought herpes simplex (you know, genital herpes and cold sores)... and it was a physics trip to universal studios through, i believe, the physics club (motto: we'll give you extra credit if you join) and all i remember about that day is getting stuck on the tram ride because the avalanche part of the ride didn't start, so we had to circle round and then come back to it... and then finally getting off the tram and then running back to the bus where everyone was waiting for us... yea, they were kinda pissed

 so far the plan for boarding tomorrow after class is still in effect, but we'll see... oh yea, i bought some rose-colored lenses on sunday for my goggles, so i think i should be able to handle shadows and especially night boarding. anyways, chris did his monthly blog, but he messed up the link because all it shows is the html tags... oh well. and one last thing, i forgot to mention what's so interesting about my physiology class setup for tuesdays. well, our professor has a mild form of CF (cystic fibrosis) and living in riverside all these years kinda got to him... essentially all the smog out here was killing him quicker than just time and his disease could by themselves. so he moved his lab down to UCSD but still kept his position here in riverside. anyways, driving from san diego to riverside and back every tuesday and thursday (that's when i have physio) wouldn't be so much fun, and being out here on non-lab days (i.e. tuesday) probably would be more harmful to his health than helpful to the students... so on tuesdays, the professor lectures from UCSD. just how does he do this, you ask? well, they first connect this camera unit to a data port in our classroom, and this camera unit then directs the incoming video and audio to the four monitors in the classroom. the camera of the unit is aimed at the students (1) to make sure we're actually in class and that the professor isn't just lecturing to himself and (2) in case we have questions, to provide a means for us to ask the professor. apparently, the camera is sound-sensitive and if a student were to ask a question, the camera would aim at the direction of the sound's source and then focuses on the this source. so basically if i were to ask a question, the camera would pan over to my seat and then focus on my face. plus, the data port that this whole set-up is run through is pretty damn fast since when we ask a question, the professor stops his lecture right then with (almost) no delay... pretty freaky stuff, no?

 well i'll be damned... your's truly is actually studying for a class even when there is no midterm or quiz due to happen within the next couple days. i'm studying for immuno and it has been, well, boring but yet complexly simple. for instance, we're going over the innate immune system and we've started with the complement system. here's basically how it works (or at least how far i understand it): C1q is bonded to C1r and C1s, and after C1q binds to an antigen-antibody complex, C1r cleaves C1s which then cleaves C4 into C4a and C4b. C4b then binds C2 so C1s can cleave it into C2a and C2b. This C4b, 2b complex then cleaves C3 into C3a and C3b. C3b then binds to the C4b, 2b complex, and this C4, 2b, 3b complex can then cleave C5 into C5a and C5b... and this is only the "classical" pathway (there's a total of 3 pathways), and this keeps going like this until we get to C9. anyhow, back to studying...

 A young man had seriously dated three girls and was finally faced with the dilemma of which to marry. As a test he gave each of them one thousand dollars. The first girl went for a complete hair and face make over, new clothes, and new shoes. She returned to show off her new look saying, "I want to be at my most beautiful for you. Why? Because I love you, dear." The second girl returned with new hockey and golf equipment, a new stereo, VCR, and month's supply of beer saying, "I bought all these things for you. They're my gifts to you, because I love you so." The third girl invested the $1,000 wisely and very quickly doubled her original amount. She reinvested the profits which continued to multiply and returned the first thousand to the young man saying, "I have taken your money and made it grow as an investment in our future together. That's how much I love you, my dear." The young man was very impressed by all of their responses. He then gave long and careful consideration and finally married the one with the biggest breasts.

 not much has happened since monday, although i did go boarding right after my midterm with chris at mt. high... and seeing as no one was there, it was pretty damn nice. i'm starting to like the east resort a lot more now... but classes have been pretty interesting and i'll have to blog later about the cool setup for my physiology class (that's because on tuesdays the professor teaches from UCSD). immunology is going to be a pain in the ass but anatomy is going to be easier for the remaining month that i have it (after which i start medical microbiology). i've been playing spaced penguins some more and now my high score is an astonishing 1,287,332... i'm very proud.

 ok so i studied for like an hour before i took a break to play space penguin, and let's say i just shattered my last score (my best is now 525408)

 alright so that penguin game is addictive... and this will definitely not help my hopes of studying this weekend. but my high score (on my first try, by the way) is 181,058... haha

 let's face the facts: one day robots will take over the world and enslave us. but right now, for $695, you can have one mow your lawn. Friendly Robotics introduced this device earlier this year, after a two-year run in Sweden, where the company claims to have sold more than 5,000 of them

 it's the first day of school for me and today all i had was my anatomy class that is carrying over from last quarter, so nothing new today. except that some girl that i've never seen before walked into the biomed room 10 minutes before class, and since i was the only one there, she started to make small talk with me. the only problem is that she was definitely in the wrong class (considering our midterm is monday), but she asked me, "you got the books already?" "yep" "when'd you get 'em?" "i've had them..." (since september, when school started... and i said it in a tone of voice that equated to "hey dumbass, you're in the wrong class") "can i look at 'em?" "uh..." at which point i was hoping that she would glance at my open books and see that they weren't for the class she intended to go to, or that my "uh..." meant that no, she couldn't look at them. but apparently neither one of these came true. i guess she figures that my response meant she can just go ahead and pick up my books while i'm studying them. but after seeing that they are entitled Human Gross Anatomy and Atlas of Human Anatomy , she must've figured that i was looking at them for another class. at this point i think she could notice my disdain since she introduced herself right then, hoping that if know her name (it's annette by the way) it'd make it ok for her to just pick up my books. now if she was hot then i wouldn't mind her bothering me and i probably would've personally guided her to her appropriate class, but since that wasn't the case, i figured my curt attitude was sufficient... stupid undergrads... haha anyways, i've been home from class for the past 2.5 hours and i really need to get studying, so i'll leave you with what i've been calling my winter break: short and unproductive.

 alright so after my last spiel about not getting any studying done, i just found this joke that i just had to blog... A woman pregnant with triplets is walking down the street when a masked robber runs out the bank and shoots her three times in the stomach. Luckily the babies are OK. The surgeon decides to leave the bullets in because it's too risky to operate. All is fine for 16 years, and then one daughter walks into the room in tears. "What's wrong" asks the mother. "I was taking a pee and this bullet came out," replies the daughter. The mother tells her it's okay and explains what happened 16 years ago. About a week later the second daughter walks in to the room in tears. "Mom, I was taking a pee and this bullet came out". Again the mother tells her not to worry and explains what happened 16 years ago. A week later the boy walks into the room in tears. "It's okay" says the mom, "I know what happened, you were taking a pee and a bullet came out." "No," says the boy, "I was jerking off and I shot the dog." which makes me wonder why he was jerking off with the dog in the same room...

 ok so school starts up for me tomorrow and seeing as i've been going to bed around 2 this whole winter break and then waking up at 11:30, i figure on having a difficult time going to bed tonight and especially waking up tomorrow morning for my 8 o'clock class. but i was supposed to have been studying the past two days (that's why i came out to riverside early), but i just haven't been able to motivate myself to study... i'll end up studying for a couple hours and then i get distracted by one thing or another. sigh. oh well, i figure i'll study a lot more on friday and some saturday, followed by intense studying sunday. damn, life sucks right now...

 so far the lemon vodka infusion is tasting like lemonade...

 oh yea, i'm making lemon-infused skyy right now... but so far here's my list of flavored liquors that i want to make: lime tequila pineapple/coconut rum strawberry vodka/rum vanilla vodka/rum any other ideas, just send 'em my way... and i plan on making a some new year's resolutions and posting them later.

 ok so i haven't blogged anything new in 10 days and even those blogs were done half-assed, so here goes: once finals were over, i expected to get two things done over break... studying for gross anatomy and some snowboarding. i didn't get much of either. but on the 18th the boyz and i had a kick ass barbeque over at dave's place, at which we opened all of the presents we got for each other. chris got some new gloves, john got a radar detector, dave an electronic dartboard, and i got the coupe de grace, a 1.75L bottle of grey goose vodka... the very vodka that we have striven to get ever since we determined that (1) popov is shit, (2) vodka in plastic bottles is slightly better (under these vodkas we group smirnoff and not "albertson's select"... those grocery store-brand vodkas belong in (1)), (3) absolut and (4) skyy are progressively higher steps towards good tasting vodka. then we also determined that although not a great vodka, fris vodka has a nice bottle thus making it look like a higher quality liquor. but when i uncorked my bottle of grey goose, i then knew that i could never step down to "rubbing alcohol land." it was the smoothest vodka, for that matter hard liquor (at least that i can recollect at this moment), that i have ever had and i know i could get into a lot of trouble with this bottle of vodka. anyways, we then barbequed up some steaks, potatoes, and corn and it was some good food. we then proceeded to play worms until 1am, even taking the time out to teach dave's brother chris how to play once john left to go program. i had planned on going boarding with dave the following day, but he had to back out since he had an eye doctor appointment or something. so then i waited til thursday when chris, patricia, and i went up to mt. high. i was hoping that we'd leave from my apartment so we could get a good night's sleep and not have to drive for like 2 hours straight, but chris said he doubted if patricia's parents would let her spend the night at my place... which also really sucked since all my gear was at my apartment. so we basically detoured over to riverside so i could grab my shit and then we headed off to the mountain. it was an alright day of riding seeing as i was tired, it was cloudy, i was trying to get used to my new board, and the only lenses i have are tinted grey and not the amber i need. so basically every little fluctuation in the snow cover looked flat to me... bad times. anyways, it was a bit crowded and seeing as we have season passes we decided to cut it short. but not before this little adage that darryl once told me came true: "Don't ever go snowboarding with your girlfriend. It never ends well." that's because the guy is almost invariably a better boarder than his girl and he ends up hanging out with her for a couple runs while she tries to slowly plow down the hill. he gets pissed because he's not boarding like he wants (i.e. racing his friends down or going off jumps), his girl gets pissed because he's getting pissed with how poorly she boards, and his friends are pissed since he's not there with them... ok, so it wasn't that bad but i could tell chris wasn't having the best time of his life (although he'd probably say it was a lot of fun just to cover his own ass). after that, no talk of boarding came up again. i mostly sat around my house sleeping in til 11am and then watching tv all day. that went on til christmas eve, when my dad's side of the family came over. we opened the presents they brought for us and it ended up somewhat alright. i got a cutlery set from my grandma (which is good because before i only had 2 steak knives) and a funky brown and green sweater from my aunt and uncle... i was not pleased with this present. my uncle told me later that he had tried to change my aunt's mind about getting me a sweater but to no avail. but they also bought my dad his own brewing kit, so in a couple months we should have our own beer. i then went back to my routine of watching tv until i fell asleep. but when i awoke, it was christmas. christmas was a hell of a lot better than christmas eve. i got a collection of dvds (the whole nine yards, dumb and dumber, monty python and the holy grail: special edition, the simpson's first season, toy story/bug's life/toy story 2 pack, groundhog's day, and office space), some pairs of pants, a new sports watch, and a vodka infusion jar, which deserves a blog all to itself. with this you basically soak fruit in vodka for a week or two, then toss out the fruit. but i'm going to use it to make some flavored rums and tequilas as well. my brother josh got ps2 along with simpsons road rage (just like crazy taxi but with the simpsons), and we basically played that for the next week. but on chrismas night, i further celebrated the birth of our lord by making my first vodka infusion: citrus. since the infusion jar came with a 1.75L bottle of smirnoff, i figured i'd better use that one since if i screwed it up i didn't want to ruin some good vodka. i put in three pounds of oranges, a half pound of lemons, and a lime in the jar, then i covered it in two cups of sugar to set the fruit (the sugar basically acts to extract the natural juices of the fruit) and let that sit for two hours. i then covered the fruit with half the bottle of smirnoff and let it sit in my garage, taking it out every day to mix it up. on the 26th i drove out to riverside with my brother's ps2 (and my brother), and basically just checked out my apartment to make sure i still had all my possessions. we basically played ps2 all night but i did have to stop off at school to pick up my skull which i made josh carry (we was visibly disturbed by that). a couple of days later (i'd like to say saturday but i've been getting the days of the week messed up), patricia let chris out of her grip long enough for him to go out to starbucks with scott, daniel, valerie, her boyfriend nick, and i. by the way, while i starbucks i thought i saw these two blond chicks who i thought i looked familiar but after i got done ordering they were gone... it turns out it was jamie and amberlee (some friends of jessica swenson and my sister michelle). but i didn't recognize them because, well, jamie got fatter and apparently all that fat went to her face. amberlee i haven't spent that much time with her so i didn't recognize her at all, but they were also with my sister's good friend heidi, but i didn't see her at all. had i seen heidi i would've stopped ordering my mocha frap and talked to them (plus i didn't realize that they were going to leave right as i was ordering), but i guess they recognized me too but didn't say anything because scott and daniel were blocking their view of me... oh well. it was great getting to hang out with scott again even if he gets noticably uncomfortable when we talk about sex or alcohol or any non-mormon thing, and i always have a blast with daniel. but valerie and nick were another situation. i got the feeling that they were trying to avoid talking to me, and i felt very awkward. like when we basically went around the room talking about what was going on in our lives, valerie (who started the topic) changed the topic when it would have been my turn. plus i felt that nick was talking past me and never too me... it's kind of hard to describe but i could definitely tell val and nick didn't care for me. then when we played scrabble at chris' later, the rift between us got a bit coarser as i was called the "scrabble nazi"... just because i didn't want them to look up words in the dictionary and i didn't want them to switch letters between players... sorry if i just fucking want to play by the rules... so yea, i left chris' house cussing at them under my breath. but i must apologize to chris: i didn't purposefully try to screw you over in any way with scoring, although i doubt i had much impact on scoring anyways. so next thing you know it's coming up to new year's and i have absolutely no plans. all i know is that dave wants to go somewhere, john and i were hoping to minimize expenses, and chris only had an hour of free time for us. so we basically end up at chris' playing scrabble but this time i arrived after the game had started (although i did get there before everyone else at 8:30... the time when i was told to be there, but i figured if i was going to wait for them i'd rather wait at my own home), and it was chris/patricia vs. vinicio vs. john vs. dave. i basically went from team to team trying to help out and it was fun. dave, john, and i then rolled down to irvine so patricia and chris could spend new year's with each other (and vinicio too), and then we went to some party in south coast that was ok. the girl scene was noticably absent so we just ended talking to each other about more stuff going on in our lives and other whatnots... so now i'm in riverside, with a gross anatomy midterm on monday and i haven't studied a lick of anatomy and i only went boarding once. i was also supposed to go boarding tomorrow but i seriously doubt that's going to happen... shit

 well i got my score for my renal physio midterm, and i was pleasantly surprised... which really helps my plans for this weekend (which are to basically do nothing) by not making me excessively depressed

 ok, well i was going to go off on how bad this idea is to change biomed but i kinda ran out of steam between last night and now... so lemme just say i think it's an absolutely horrid idea that is nothing more than a knee-jerk response to criticisms of the program by individuals who didn't make the program. granted, i tend to view the program in a kinder light than those who didn't make it (i.e. 4 groups of individuals, in order of increasing bitterness towards biomed: 1st year dropouts, 2nd year dropouts, 3rd year dropouts, and 3rd year rejects), but i don't think people whining about why they failed biomed is a good reason to change it. either way, unless ucr gets a real medical school & complex, i doubt biomed will stay around indefinitely (i figure if we do get a real med school & complex, then biomed would be a means for certain qualified ucr undergrads to finish their BS and MD in 7 years while spending the entire time at riverside)... hell, riverside needs a medical school regardless of biomed. did you know that the only university medical complex for san bernardino and riverside counties (the fastest growing counties in the US) is loma linda?... there definitely needs to be something done

 today we (and by we, i mean my classmates and i) had a meeting with our beloved dean... many people are intimidated, afraid almost, by him because he's, well, the dean and can basically run our lives. anyways, we discussed issues with our classes that need to be fixed/modified and for the most part i agreed. but then he changed the discussion to how the UCOP (univ of calif office of the pres), the california state legislature, and the biomed dept were beginning discussions on restructuring this wonderful program that i'm in. as you know, this program makes the first year of med school my 4th year of my undergrad curriculum (even though i pay grad fees), so after i graduate this june with my BS i'll return in the fall for my second year of med school. after this 5th year at riverside, i then transfer to LA for the third and fourth years of med school. well, one big problem with the program is that it's a pyramid... and a rather steep pyramid at that, with roughly 10% (24 out of ~250) of the incoming 1st year biomeds eventually making into the med school portion. this pyramid is good for a few reasons: (1) it fosters a competitive atmosphere so students are more likely to study hard to maintain their GPA, do well on the MCAT, and do a lot of extracurriculars (lab research, clinical volunteerism, clubs, etc); (2) it provides an out for those students who thought medicine was for them and decided it may not be all that; (3) the inflexible required-course schedule prompts students to use what available electives they have in areas that truly interest them; and (4) most importantly, it allows students the opportunity to receive their BS and MD in [at least] a year less other students not in this or similar programs. but there are some inherent problems that come with these "advantages": 90% of students who start out as biomeds don't make it into the program; historically there hasn't been a very diverse group of individuals accepted into the med school portion; and while the inflexible required-course schedule may prompt students such as myself and some of my friends into using electives as an opportunity to explore other areas of academia, biomeds are for the most part unable to fully explore other subjects. in fact, minoring while a biomed is difficult and only a handful can pull it off, whereas double majoring is practically unheard of (i know of only one guy that did it and he has said he had to take upwards of 30 units some quarters to accomplish this [note: some were research units]). the high dropout rate is due to stringent GPA levels that basically say, "if you're below this GPA, drop out or we'll put a hold on your registration and financial aid until you do drop out." there is bound to be some percentage of individuals who feel that medicine isn't for them and will drop out regardless of how the program is changed. so if you remove those people from the dropout rate, it may drop to 75-80%. that's still a large number of individuals (~188-200) that want to become physicians but were denied that opportunity through this program. now if you compound this dropout rate with the fact that even though ucr is the most ethnically diverse uc (asian ~40%, white ~25%, hispanic and black each ~18%), the biomed program still ends up with a disproportionate number of white and asian individuals making the med school portion. now this most certainly a function of how many underrepresented minorities enter the biomed program their first year, which itself is a function of the quality of high schools these individuals come from. this could very well mean that the percentage of ethnicities that enter the biomed program is radically different that the overall ucr population, thus making the "disproportionate" number of whites and asians in the program not so disproportionate. anyhow, a lot of people are dissatisfied with the way the biomed program works and the leading idea for change is to basically not kick as many people out. this would work by basically making three plans that finish in 3, 4, or 5 years. you'd be free to choose the length of your degree plan, and you'd be able to apply to the med school portion at the end of your plan. now since currently the program ends up with roughly 40 students applying for 24 spots and the new plan would result in 475 students applying for 24 spots (200 from 3 yr. plan, 175 from 4 yr. plan, and 100 from 5 yr. plan... assuming certain number of individuals from each plan would be ineligible to apply (i.e. GPA too low), decided against medicine as a career, graduated (mostly seen in 5 yr. plan), or decided to apply to other med schools (mostly 5 yr. plan, some 4 yr. plan)), there would be a preselection committee that would screen the available applicants from each plan and choose about 40-50 from each plan... so basically you apply to apply. then from these 120-150 students, there would be 8 spots for 3 yr. plan biomeds and the remainder for 4 and 5 yr. plan biomeds. but if you were not selected into the med school portion, you'd then either reapply the following year or graduate with a degree in biomedical sciences (this differs from the current program in that only the 24 students who were selected for the med school portion get a BS in biomedical sciences, whereas those not selected have to change to another major (mostly bio or biochem)). with this system, they keep their dropout rate low and there's a better chance that underrepresented minorities would be selected for the med school portion. also, those students who decide (or are forced due to not making the med school portion earlier) to take a 4 or 5 yr. plan would be able to double major or minor and be more exposed to life outside of biomed. damn it, i just realized how late it is (the ungodly hour of 12am) and i have an 8:30 class tomorrow, so i'll cut it off here... but tomorrow i'll continue on with this discussion (mostly on how this proposed program is a horrible, horrible idea)... anyways, i know this was a lot to read but, eh, what are you gonna do...

 so i had sushi with the biomeds on friday night, and it was a good turnout... like 13 of us (out of 26). so we all met up at the biomed classroom and we were still undecided about where we were going to go. i was thinking that we'd be going out to ontario mills so if we still wanted to do stuff afterwards we could just walk around the mall. instead, we drive to buena park... BUENA FREAKIN' PARK!!! beach blvd. at that... two more exits and i could've gotten off at valley view and been home. in fact, i known we were going to go to buena park, i would've drove myself and just gone home that night... anyways, we finally get to the restaurant and we thought that we had reservations... well, our classmate who went ahead just got a reservation for him, his girlfriend, and his buds... so we ended up waiting for like an hour and a half for a table. anyways, we finally sit down at a table and it turns out this place is like a benihana/sushi bar. i ended up spending a wad of cash on sushi, teriyaki steak, and sake bombs, but it was a blast. oh yea, with those sake bombs... my friend matt and i each ordered a 20oz sapporo and we shared a decanter of hot sake (since they didn't actually have a "sake bomb" on the drink list). when we finally set up our drinks (with the shot of sake resting on chopsticks atop the glass of sapporo), we pounded the table in unison whilst shouting, "SAKE BOMB!!" at which point the entire restaurant looked our way as we chugged our drinks. needless to say, i outchugged him. we had enough beer and sake for one for sake bomb, during which the restaurant was again enchanted by our beverage consumption. i won again, by the way... i guess that's what i get for coming from a long line of alcoholics. GO IRELAND AND GERMANY!!! anyhow, neither one of us had eaten anything for like 9 hours, so those sake bombs hit pretty quick. but then the food came and we spent the next hour just stuffing ourselves. i was hoping we'd get more people to sake bomb with us, but twas not so... so i got back to my apartment a lil after midnight and i was out before my head hit pillow. and then i didn't wake up till noon... so i had a real good time. then after that, my weekend was pretty ho-hum. although i did start planning my graduation party with my parents. i think i put down like 50 people who i'd like to come and give me gifts... nah, i wouldn't make that a requirement; you can just mail your gift. haha... well, my graduation date is june 16 (at 8:30am ) with the party that afternoon. and with dave and john graduating the same weekend, it'll be a blast all weekend long...

 need a laugh at the expense of achrondroplastic individuals? then download "If I owned a midget" by Benefit...

 well i had my renal physio midterm today and it was quite, umm, interesting... i think i did fairly well, but all that means is that i'm good at self-deception. i think i'm gonna head off to bed soon to catch up on my much-needed sleep... and tomorrow i'm going out with some of the biomeds for sushi and more importantly, sake bombs... ah, good times

 i've pretty much come to the conclusion that life is bipolar... it can't have a manic episode without a bout of depression

 decided to take a break from studying to impart some knowledge and, well, common courtesy. i interviewed a standardized patient (i.e. an actress portraying a patient) today in which her LDL ("bad") cholesterol was too high, her HDL ("good") cholesterol was too low, she smokes a pack and a half a day, she barely exercises (i.e. walking in the mall while she shops on saturdays), and has a family history of heart disease. i suggested that she just mildly change her behavior by buying low-fat snack foods, low-fat salad dressing, and chicken or turkey instead of steak and ground beef, by exercising a bit more, and by cutting down on her smoking. and of course, to everything i suggested she said that she was either too busy or her son wouldn't like that food or blah blah blah blah blah.... GODDAMMIT!!!! I'M TRYING TO KEEP YOU ALIVE A FEW MORE YEARS AND MAYBE EVEN PREVENT YOU FROM HAVING SURGERY OR TAKE MEDICATION!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!! for you non-med people, i just can't fully convey the degree of my frustration and anger with this noncompliant tart.... i just want to beat the crap out of something or run so hard that my arteries pump acid... and i got this frustrated over a bleepin' actress! an ACTRESS!!! when i actually have real patients and this happens it's going to be even worse... damn damn damn damn damn. so here's some advice for you all: be honest with your doctor...that includes your sexual history and any and all drugs (prescription, over-the counter, elicit, or herbal remedies). and please please please do what he/she says even if you don't think it's best (well, if that's the case, get a second opinion and if the diagnoses are the same... then follow orders).... this is one of the [many] reasons why doctors become disillusioned with what they do... and to add to this frustration, i have to get back to studying for renal... crap

 so i studied a little bit today for renal, but i still find that subject to be incredibly boring... hmm, what else did i do today? oh yea, i registered for next quarter and i'm taking general pathology, neuroanatomy, medical microbiology, and doctoring. it's only 14.5 units, and i'm glad to be having such a light load next quarter (compared to the 19.5 this quarter). but i also got back my immuno quiz today and considering the difficulty of the questions (they were fill-in-the-paragraph... basically like this: the ___ and ___ can ___ or ___ ___ ___, but ____ is _____. ok maybe not that bad, but pretty damn close), i feel i did ok. i also was in a panel of med students for a Q&A session for freshmen and sophomores, and i had a good time. we basically just related our stories on the whole application process and basically just general tips for applying and taking the MCAT... oh well, i should probably study some more but i'd rather do something more unimportant...

 in an effort to delay my studying, i've decided to retell some of my weirder dreams, including the approximate age i was when i had these dreams: age 9 or 10: i was running through this martian-esque landscape (i.e. red everywhere, funny looking rocks) while i was screaming that there's a man-eating lobster in this boiling lake... apparently i was running from this lake and its contents for fear of death. i was screaming for what seemed like an eternity until i appeared at the lake with tv dad alan thicke (from growing pains). he kneeled next to the lake and pointed at it, saying that there's no man-eating lobsters in there. just then a giant lobster pops up from the water and devours him... that's when i woke up. age 15, 9th grade: i was in my living room watching tv when i decide to walk out to my backyard. for some reason all my friends are back there, just standing around, with no one talking to each other. each one of them is a ghostly white/grey color and all look very somber. i then go over to our shed, which is now the size of a garage, but i can't open the door. so i climb on the trash cans next to the window to get a good look in. that's when i notice that the entire shed is packed to the rafters with dead people. i think to myself how odd that was, but not odd enough for me to scream or call the police or anything. i then climb down and look next door, and the brick wall had been changed to a chain-link fence. i crawl under where the fence had become unfastened and had curled up and walk over to this school bus that my neighbor had started storing in his back yard. i climb up on one of the tires to get a look inside the bus only to discover that the bus is also packed full of dead people. i then decided to go back to my yard since my neighbor didn't care for me when i see that he's on his patio with a shotgun. i quickly crawl under the fence into my yard but my dog, who followed me into my neighbor's yard, won't follow me back into my yard, and all i could think was that if i could get my dog behind the safety of the chain-link fence then we'd both be ok. i'm trying to pull my dog under the fence when my neighbor shoots and kills my dog.... that's when i woke up age 16, 10th grade: i was in my living room watching tv, waiting for my friend dave to come over so we could hang out. he finally shows up and my dad, who was barbequeing out back and was been a complete ass, tells me to go watch the steaks cook because he has to run to the store real quick. well, dave and i go back there and we see that my dad for some reason has a biplane in the yard. dave climbs in and wants to know how to start the engine, but doesn't actually want the engine to come on... i decide to be a prick and tell him this weird way of starting the engine, but tell him to push the button that reads, "engine start," just for the hell of it. he looks at me funny and i say, "it doesn't actually start the engines..." so he pushes it, and we start flying around the backyard until my dad gets back from the store and i get in trouble for playing with the biplane... age 18, 12th grade: i was in this dark office building which apparently was supposed to be cypress high school, it's just that the hallways weren't hallways and instead were streams like those in the tomb raider games. i was swimming to class when i rounded a corner and was stuck up against a wall with alina and lucia... they started coming on to me, but i tried to get away... that's when i woke up age 20, 3rd year of college: last winter quarter i had a class at a hospital, where we followed doctors around and it was only for the biomeds. well, it was time to drive to the hospital, but for some reason the biomeds were going to share a bus trip over there. my friend and i decided against that and instead chose to drive our own cars... it's just that both of our cars were like the slick-track go-carts from malibu speedzone. so then the bus, my friend, and i all start driving to the hospital but the trip there ends up looking like mario kart 64. anyhow, the bus beats us both there, then my friend showed up a moment later, but i ran out of time before i could get to the hospital ok this last dream i think had meaning (like how i used to feel that my friend and i didn't fit in with the other biomeds and that'd i'd never make it to the 4th year), but my other ones better not have any meaning because if they did, then damn my mind is really messed up...

 ah, what a relaxing weekend this has been. i did absolutely nothing productive and it was everything i thought it could be. now i just have to start cramming in some studying for renal physio... damn. but when it comes to studying, it's not that i'm lazy, it's that i just don't care. anyways, i've been know to have some pretty weird dreams and i had yet another odd dream the other night. first off, i've never felt that dreams were a reflection of what we really want in life or a window into our mind, but more like a brain is just running a systems check and seeing which neural pathways are still working... because if the former was true, then i have even more serious deep-seeded emotional problems than those i currently am willing to share with you all. but anyways, here's my dream. i'm at this club dancing with this girl from my class who, in my dream, i think is cute and really want to get with (which is weird right off the bat because (1) i don't club or dance without an immense amount of liquor in me and (2) i didn't know i felt this way about this chick, even if this was just a dream), and then she's rubbing up against me and we keep getting closer and closer and we're just about to hook up when she starts going off on how she likes this other guy and how great he is. i look at her in disbelief while we're still dancing really close to each other, and then i just get pissed off and walk away and somehow end up in my apartment in my recliner... well, she ends up mad with me because i left and then i woke up. not one of my weirdest dreams, but certainly unsettling that i'd get rejected in my own damn dream. in my second dream that night, my family and i where repairing this large freeway overpass, but instead of being made of reinforced concrete, it was made out of wood. well, the overpass went over a fairly shallow river and the river had a freeway offramp so caltrans could drive down there and do clean up on the river, bridge, etc. anyways, i've examing the south side of the bridge support beams when the freeway overhead quickly develops into rush hour traffic. i guess that since this river is so shallow that big rigs and full size trucks/suvs like to use this river as a shortcut. well, these trucks start coming down the caltrans offramp but keep going north... right them i'm thinking i'm glad that none are coming down here where we're working. just then this huge mess of trucks come right towards my family, but my family doesn't notice them coming and before i can say anything to them, the trucks all slam into the bridge supports causing the bridge to collapse on my family. i start looking for them when i see my mom's arm sticking out of the wreckage... i go over there to start digging her out when i say to myself, "this is pretty fucked up, ben... just wake up..." and then i did

 first off, happy valentines day... apparently just another day in my life, but i'm ok with that. well, i woke up this morning feeling like shit: congested nose, sore throat, slight fever. so my nerdy mind went to work... i was thinking i had an upper respiratory tract infection. i still went to class even though i really didn't feel up to it, but the sad thing is that i wouldn't have missed anything had i not gone (well, except that interleukin-1 is why you get a fever and it's the cytokines you produce that make you feel like shit when you're sick, not the actual infection). i'm telling ya, physio is getting painful and immuno just covers all the crap that never wanted to know. so right now i'm studying for my quiz in medical microbiology, and i don't think that the quiz is going to be all that difficult. but there's still a lot that i have to memorize so i'm gonna have to cut this short. and one disturbing thing i've learned over the past week: the family guy and futurama are cancelled. futurama i can handle; but not the family guy. it's like the funniest show in the history of television (especially since the simpsons have been going downhill over the past couple of seasons), and i hope that if fox doesn't change its mind that maybe comedy central will pick it up and make new episodes or at least play reruns. and then i realized something especially frightening now that futurama and the family guy are going off the air: with the impending end of the simpsons (which has maybe another season left), the only animated show on fox will be king of the hill... how horrible is that? ah ok, now i gotta go study. but i did find out that the 2nd season of the simpsons is coming out in mid-may...

 ok so i haven't been blogging all that much but that's because this past week and a half have been pretty hectic. on last monday i basically woke up late and then studied all night, only to study again all night on tuesday for my anatomy final that was wednesday morning. normally i would've spent the next couple of days goofing off, but right after the final i went to the library and studied for my immuno quiz that i had the next day... well, after that crapfest on thursday, i did nothing all weekend... and it was everything i thought it could be. but come monday i was back at it studying for my immuno midterm that i had today... and lemme just say that the professor is a liar. we were told that the midterm was going to be multiple choice, fill in the blank, and free response. instead, we got 6 free response... that bastard! and i know what you're thinking, why the hell did i have a quiz on thursday only to have a midterm on today? well, it was either that or have the quiz right before my anatomy final, and the whole biomed class wasn't gonna have any of that... so now i'm just going to goof off until thursday night, when i'll study for my microbiology quiz on friday. (micro started once anatomy ended... so no more cadavers for me, unless i have to repeat this year)

 yes i know that last blog makes me even more of a nerd...

 i'm sure you've heard of the adage, "beer before liquor, you've never been sicker... liquor before beer, you're in the clear." well, apparently there's a physiologic cause to that saying. alcohol is an inhibitor of antidiuretic hormone (ADH) secretion, and ADH normally promotes water reabsorption in the collecting duct of the nephron (i.e. the kidney). so under conditions of dehydration, ADH secretion is high thus making you urinate concentrated (i.e. yellow) urine, because you want to conserve as much water as possible. however, under conditions of excess fluid intake, ADH secretion is inhibited and you urinate dilute (i.e. clear) urine. therefore, since alcohol inhibits ADH release, your kidneys essentially work like a pipe and dump out whatever they filter. now this is where the opening statement comes in. while a shot of hard liquor and beer each have the same amount of alcohol, their concentrations of alcohol differ markedly. and since very few people can drink a beer in the same amount of time they can drink a shot (the only person i can think of is the Fox from the first season of the man show, but he died of pancreatic cancer), the amount of alcohol that you consume in one swig of a beer will be less than the shot of liquor. well, this large, rapid infusion of alcohol then suppresses the ADH secretion, and you can then drink [almost] as much beer as you want... because you end up just peeing it all out (minus what gets metabolized). however, when you drink a beer, it takes longer to suppress ADH release, causing you to retain the alcohol longer thus increasing the chance that you're gonna get sick.

 i've always said that i want a girl with a sense of humor... by which i mean that she laughs at my jokes

 some people have complained about the disgusting nature of the previous blog, but what's so offensive about procrastinating?

 with studying comes procrastination, so i thought i'd blog a few choice phrases... procrastination is like masturbation... the more you do it, the more you're just screwing yourself procrastination is like masturbation... the longer you do it, the more it hurts procrastination is like masturbation... the more you do it, the more fun it is procrastination is like heroin... once you start, you just can't stop cold turkey procrastination is like heroin... once you start, you're more willing to kill some drifter you met down at the Y just score a dimebag only to find out that the stuff you just got is really prozac and baking soda... ok, so maybe the last one may not apply to everyone, but you get my drift. now i should really stop procrastinating and get back to studying... hmm, i wonder if there's any new articles on my yahoo...

 First hospitals in the Middle Ages were places where poor people went to die. It has been pointed out the great difference was they were poor before they got there.

 got dents? yes? then call joe's body shop. got ink? then get a tattoo at any licensed parlor. got sand? blah blah blah blah... got an original marketing idea? didn't think so. i'm so fed up with these damn "got...?" knockoffs that i just might snap. damn it people, come up with something that will draw attention to your product without blatantly plagiarizing someone's idea!!!! i'm ok with the milk advisory board still using this dated marketing ploy, and i'm semi-ok with the whole chocolate milk version (it just doesn't flow that well... the slogan, not the beverage)... and i know i'm no one to judge others on plagiarizing (this blog for example and it's excessive use of sayings from the simpsons and what not), but c'mon people just try a bit harder. i mean, would you still use a marketing gimick that played off of "where's the beef?"... no, i didn't think so.

 well i didn't get as much sleep as i had wanted last night, but i was feeling pretty good today. after i got out of the cadaver lab at 11:30, i went home and decided that even if chris wasn't feeling up to going boarding today that i'd still go... so i basically ate a bowl of chili, stuffed my gear in my backpack, and drove up to mt. high. it only took like 40 minutes to get there, and my car performed pretty good. on the way up, i decided that i was gonna ride at the east resort since mt. high got over a foot of powder this week and there would invariably be a lot more people riding today.. so the east resort's history of having less people ride there on any given day as compared to west resort really made up my mind. plus i've only been to east 2 times before and i figure what the hell. well, as i got closer to east resort i noticed that there was a whole mess of cars parked on the highway and i thought, "ah shit, i don't wanna walk..." so i turned in the parking lot expecting to be told that it's full and that i'd have to park ass far, but the guy said second row on the right... so i ended up parking the closest i've ever been to the entrance of any resort i've been to. there were a lot of people in the lift line (for what i'm accustomed to at east that is, but far less than what i've seen at west), and i eventually got up to the top of the mountain. lemme tell ya, you could still feel the hardpack beneath but the snow was pretty nice and tasted great too... haha. i only went on 6 runs because more and more people started showing up and the lines just kept getting longer... if i didn't have a season pass, i would've felt gipped. so it basically took 2 hours just to do those 6 runs, much unlike when dave, chris, and i did 6 runs in 48 minutes (we calculated 8 minutes for each run, meaning from when we went through the turnstile to when we got back there). so then i drove home, took a shower, and now i'm just going to relax and maybe clean up my apartment...

 well well well... apparently the hives are now being played on the radio. i'm ok with that, even though i did discover their swedish brand of punk about a year ago... so that makes me cool, right?

 i haven't blogged in a while, but i was going to mention that yesterday was vinicio's bday... so happy birthday vinicio!!

 oh yea, chris told me an important mnemonic for remembering pi to 7 digits: man, i need a drink. alcoholic, of course. now just count up the numbers in each word... 3.1415926. then i told him how to remember positive and negative single strand RNA viruses... yes, i know just how nerdy i am. by the way, here's how to remember which is which: I'm Positive Pico, Cali people like to drink Flavorful Coronas at Retro Toga parties. (courtesy of matt... although i changed it some). Picornavirus, Calicivirus, Flavivirus, Coronavirus, Retrovirus, Togavirus. and then there's more, but i won't torment you all...

 it's a little late for finals week, but next time you have a big test and the only way you are going to do well is through divine intervention, say this simple prayer: "jesus, buddha, allah... i love you all!!" this way, you can suck up without alienating the deity that really is in charge...

 well apparently the glory that is cypress high school again has made it into the news. in addition to its near-annual student deaths, student-teacher relations have yet again to be seriously monitored. this is because a special ed. teacher was having a sexual relationship with one of the female students. now the student wasn't in special ed., but he was her coach on a soccer team when she was 11 (she's 16 now and they only started having sex last year). other news-worthy stuff that's happened at cypress high over the past few years: mr. scofield getting it on with a student (her name rhymes with besiree britz) that kid that tried to blow his brains out in the quad, but failed since the bullet was not only too old to fire correctly but was also the wrong caliber mr. freeman's son being in that suv that rolled in newport beach, killing about 4 people in the car all the various other students that died in car-related mishaps during our tenure but seriously, i believe at least one student died every year at cypress while we were there...

 my doctoring "final" lasted all of 20 minutes this morning, but i didn't get back to my apartment until 10 because i was daudling so damn much. anyways, i haven't done much since then other than lunch and a 2 hour nap, and so now i'm going to try and focus on microbiology...

 in the spirit of procrastinating, here's some interesting tidbits... --In the college of romance, tousled hair signifies. Or so an expert informs our Love and War man. If a young lady tousles her own hair in the presence of a man, says this authority, that's straight from Flirtation, Advanced, and is almost always preliminary if not prerequisite to Physical Education, Basic. --Alligators grow 8 inches a year. --Q. Who invented felt? A. A herdsman in Mongolia, name unknown. As insulation for his tent. --Q. Did you say an ant has five noses? Why? A. Each nose is designated to pick a different odor, that's all I know. --Recall that musical piece known as "Dueling Banjoes"? It brought back the sale of sheet music, long near dead because of the record business. "Dueling Banjoes" sold more than any other sheet music ever printed. --In a classroom of 35 students, odds are at least one is color blind. --Q. What's meant by "sallying a ship"? A. Rocking it back and forth by shifting weight. In bygone days, crews aboard grounded sailing vessels ran from one side of the deck to the other to "sally" it free. Today icebreakers stuck on the ice are "sallied" loose with powerful pumps that move water between bow and stern. --A dactylogram is a fingerprint. --Starving artists may long for the previous century, when some big newspapers sent not photographers but illustrators all over the world to draw what they saw. One such, Frank Vizetelly, was given a knapsack of cash and told to go sketch the Civil War. --Bats are more closely related to humans, biologically, than to mice. --The best routes westward across North America were selected by bison

 that cursed physio!!! i will seek my revenge.... but hopefully by revenge i mean doing well on the boards and not taking the final next year as a returning 4th year. my biggest complaint was that there were a lot of endocrinology questions and thanks to dr. norman, i absolutely hate endocrinology... oh well, i should probably start studying for micro but i really need a nap

 well i spent three hours studying physio and yet only got through one chapter (well, cardiovascular is a big chapter)... but if you take out the hour break heidi and i took, then it seems like we got more done. oh well, i'm just going to have to cram as much physio as possible in tomorrow...

 alright, well i finished one final... now only 3 more to go. well, actually 2 finals to go (i don't consider doctoring to be a real final). anyways, the final was easier than i expected and i felt like i studied too much. but had i not studied that much, it would have been incredibly difficult. i'm going to start studying for physio later this evening even though it's not til wednesday. but considering the final will cover two quarters' worth of information, i better do well on this one.

 happy st. patrick's day and erin go braugh

 well, i'm taking a quick break from the wonderful world of immunology to make some coffee and see what's going on in the rest of the world... first off, there were 32 earthquakes of 3.0 or larger at mammoth mtn. the other day, so i'm thinking i should go up for a few more runs before it's covered in lava. i'd also like to mention that yesterday i was playing my sister's boyfriend, kyle, in a friendly game of darts, he needed 140 points to go out and i needed 125. so i step up to the line and jokingly say, "all i need is three darts." well, my first throw was a single bull's eye worth 25 points. kyle was a bit irritated by that, and with my second dart i hit a double bull's eye... and with my third dart i get another double bull's eye. i screamed, "holy crap!!" kyle was noticeably upset and flabbergasted, i was ecstatic, and my dad and brother were like, "that's ben for you..." haha. alright, coffee's done. back to studying... man, life sucks

 hey john and chris, this occurred at the resort we went to with my uncle that first day of boarding... Two Killed in Utah Avalanche Sat Mar 16,11:27 PM ET SALT LAKE CITY - An avalanche fell in the backcountry near a Utah ski resort Saturday afternoon, killing two people, authorities said. The two buried in the avalanche, ages 18 and 19, were in a party of about a dozen snowboarders, said sheriff's spokeswoman Peggy Faulkner. The victims left a chair lift at Brighton Ski Resort to traverse 10,321-foot Pioneer Ridge. They triggered an avalanche 6-8 feet deep that swept 800 vertical feet down a slope. The avalanche happened near Pioneer Peak, off Brighton property, Faulkner said. She said the party kept in contact with authorities using cell phones as they searched for the skiers. Searchers used dogs to recover the bodies of the two snowboarders.

 just got back from an extremely enjoyable evening... went to cucina cucina in ontario mills; food was ok, but definitely drawing random stuff on the "tablecloth" (it's a sheet of butcher paper) with heidi was a lot more fun. then we went over and saw 'ice age'... that was one freakin hilarious movie, although it has the basic story line as jungle book. oh well... but since i have a final on monday morning, my mom is going to make st. patrick's day dinner a day early, so tomorrow evening i'll be eating some corned beef, potatoes, cabbage, and biscuits... oh yea.

 i'm kind of tired of people believing that corona is like the best damn beer in the world. i mean, obviously these people haven't been drinking (beer) all that long, or they would have discovered other kinds a long time ago. don't get me wrong, i like to have a corona every once in a while... but it feels more like mexican water (with the noted absence of bacteria and other parasites). and it's not like i'm a connoisseur of beer... in fact, i'll just about drink anything. but corona to me is like a tricycle... ride it around a while before you step up to a bicycle, a moped, or jet-powered monkey-navigated motorcycle; but just don't stay with the tricycle because you think it's the best out there without trying other stuff

 i forgot to mention that yesterday, one of the immuno professors said that her daughter had come down with massive edema in her hands and feet, along with vesicles along her forearms. being an immunologist, she automatically thought it was some funky immune complex disease but when she took her to the doctor's the following morning, the doctor said it was fifth disease. my professor then asked our class what it was because she truly had no idea, and we were able to tell her that it's also know as erythema infectiosum, what kind of virus causes it (B19 parvovirus, a single strand DNA virus), and that her daughter isn't infectious any more... so it was quite interesting to have the roles reversed

 well, today was rather long... we had about 3 hours or so of physio lecture, and then we had to present our topics. mine went pretty well, although i accidently skipped a slide. then we had a q&a review for immuno that wasn't entirely painful. after i got home i didn't do much other than my normal routine... oh well, i guess i should study

 Miss Cleo Actually Born in L.A. FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) - A birth certificate obtained by the state shows the woman marketed on cable television as Jamaican psychic Miss Cleo was actually born in Los Angeles, the daughter of American parents. Miss Cleo - Caribbean accent and colorful clothing aside - was born Youree Dell Harris on Aug. 13, 1962, in Los Angeles County Hospital, the document shows. Her parents were from California and Texas. The state has sued Harris challenging her to prove she really is a renowned shaman from Jamaica. At the same time, the state and Federal Trade Commission have sued two Fort Lauderdale companies - Access Resource Services Inc. and Psychic Readers Network - for fraud. The FTC says it acted after getting more than 2,000 complaints. ``We sought this document because the company has gone to great lengths to say that Miss Cleo is a master shaman from Jamaica,'' David Aronberg, an assistant attorney general, told the South Florida Sun-Sentinel for a story Thursday. The newspaper used Florida's open records law to get a copy of the document from the state. Harris appears on national infomercials promising insights into love, money and other personal matters. Authorities allege the psychic service misrepresented costs, billed customers for services they never bought, harassed consumers with unwanted telemarketing calls and responded to complaints with threats and abuse.

 physically handicapped? call yourself disabled. short? try vertically-challenged. terminally ill? no, you're just survival-impaired

 so life's been kinda frustrating lately and it's easy to see why... after having a midterm, midterm-esque quiz, or paper every week for the past 7 weeks, i thought the only thing i'd have to worry about as it pertains to my education is finals being next week. well, i'm doing this presentation in physio and it's not coming along as i would have liked, plus i'm trying to complete my biomed healthcheck before the upcoming deadline, i have to start looking for an apartment for next year, money is getting tight, bills are piling up, and i still have to find a way to pay for spring break (luckily financial aid comes in soon). also add in the fact that this week and next isn't going to help my social life as much as i'd like, and so basically my life isn't going very smoothly... plus i seem to not be able to articulate myself as i would like when talking to certain individuals (even more so than my normal flustered speech). but i did find out that every time you masturbate, god kills a kitten. so save a kitten's life and stop masturbating... (although some people are single-handedly controlling the pet population)

 apparently in the Feb. 22 issue of science, a research group developed mice that were deficient for a receptor in their olfactory bulb (i.e. where you detect smells) that ordinarily detects pheromones. well, when normal male mice are put in the same cage, they exhibit signs of aggression and tend to fight each other and will only mount females (except in mishaps where males mount males). however, male mice lacking this receptor (called the TRP2 receptor) put in the same cage lose all signs of aggression and are equally likely to mount males as they are females. when females lacking this receptor are put in the same cage, they too are just as likely to mount males as females (but there is no change in aggression since females tend to be docile anyways). since humans also have this receptor, this could in fact be the genetic basis of (at least) bisexuality... but i'd rather not work on finding this out. it'd be more fun to work on chris' plan of testing whether or not vodka and redbull is more dangerous than normal consumption of alcohol... now that's research i can get behind

 oh yea, i went to the batting cages on sunday and it was a blast... i want to go again soon. while my form needs some tweaking, my bat speed was great...

 didn't do much today... well, that's a bit of a lie. i spent almost my entire lunch (which is normally 10:30 to 2 on tuesdays) doing research on absorptive malabsorption and decided that i'd do my GI physio presentation on celiac sprue (it's where you can't eat wheat, rye, or barley without getting diarrhea). but i did find out some interesting things today, and i'm hoping everything turns out great...

 i had my final preceptor visit this afternoon and instead of going to the clinic in moreno valley, i had to go to riverside kaiser hospital... i didn't get to see as many patients as before, but these were a lot more exciting. like the guy that was possibly having a heart attack right in front of us or the patients we saw down in the cancer ward. the last patient i saw was a 25 year old who was just diagnosed with type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes and i got to watch the 'diabetes education' lady in action... i'm relieved that i don't have to preceptor again until next quarter, but that also means i have to start studying (or at least start to think about studying) for finals. damn, this crap never ends...

 so i didn't sleep that well last night and i ended up waking up earlier than i had hoped, so basically just downloaded some songs and burned cds all morning. then heidi and i went out to lunch and basically just delayed studying or doing anything productive for as long as possible. then i came home and just talked to my sister michelle for like an hour or two about basically nothing.... good times.

 well me and my posse (i.e. the biomeds) went out last night for dinner and movie... while not everything went according to plan, it was still an enjoyable evening. we ended up not going to irvine as matt had wanted, so we ended up going to claim jumpers in san berdu. then we drove back to riverside so those people who didn't want to go to the movie could get their cars, and then the remainder of us carpooled down to the theatre. we ended up watching 'i am sam' and it was a very good movie... i think my eyes teared up a couple of times. unlike matt, who was a crying like a little girl when we left the theatre...haha. nah, his eyes were just starting to tear up so yea... only one week more of class and then finals, and then the all-important spring break

 one more thing... i found out that in the mid-80s when George Dubbya Bush was about to get into the oil industry, he was given a sizable loan to purchase a stake in an oil company... a company that ended up making him millions. just who gave him this loan? the bin Laden family

 urlLink matt , you forgot to mention how the dreaded Birdsall Virus (the Ben serotype, by the way) also makes you incredibly handsome and witty... oh, and modest.

 low on cash but scared by the idea of a "real" job? well, follow these simple steps and i guarantee you'll be making money in no time!!! (not actually a guarantee): 1. scatter poppy seeds across the surface of a freshly cultivated field (preferably at least one acre in size) 2. wait three months 3. once mature flowering plants are present, wait some more until all the flower petals fall off 4. cut shallow vertical incisions into the seed pod before the pod is ripe 5. the next morning, scrape off the gum that has oozed out with a dull knife 6. dissolve this gum in hot water and add lime fertilizer (calcium oxide) 7. this solution should then be allowed to separate into two layers 8. remove and save the top layer (i.e. the supernatant); the bottom layer can be discarded 9. heat the supernatant and mix with concentrated ammonia. 10. allow to cool 11. filter solution and discard the filtrate (i.e. the fluid that passes through the filter) 12. dry the filtered solid 13. weigh the dry solid and add an equal mass of acetic anhydride 14. heat the mixture at 185 deg. C for six hours; warning: beware of overheating the mixture 15. add water and chloroform to the solution upon cooling; allow particulate to precipitate out 16. filter solution and save filtrate 17. add sodium carbonate to filtrate until precipitation occurs 18. filter solution and discard filtrate 19. add filtered particles to solution of ethanol and activated charcoal 20. heat solution until ethanol evaporates 21. dissolve granules in solution of ethanol and ether; add hydrochloric acid until white flakes appear on the surface of the solution 22. dry the flakes under pressure 23. distribute substance in areas of high drug use 24. make tons of cash with your do-it-yourself white (No. 4) heroin factory!!! (note: you could stop at step 8 and just have morphine or stop at step 20 for No. 3 [black tar] heroin) by the way, this info is readily available in any number of books and websites, so don't have the FBI come after me for posting this... afterall, this blog is a just a satire and i'm just expressing my first amendment rights

 first off, i'd like to say that you can't contract rabies from a rabid rodent... so if you get bitten by a squirrel, don't worry about it. second, in response to your question vinicio: there's no way in hell that i'm going to be a general practitioner. i've seen enough of it already to know that i just can't do that with my life... i'd much rather specialize in something, that way i can know one subject really well. so far, cardiology/cardiothoracic surgery is looking very interesting, and my old stand-by of pathology is still lurking around... but we'll see about that after i take general pathology next quarter and pathophysiology next year. anyhow, i still have three years of school before i have to decide, and i'm going to definitely use that time to sort out what i'm good at and what i can picture myself doing until i'm an old man... but i've been putting off studying for long enough, so i'm going to get back to medical microbiology...

 the previous blog was an homage to urlLink john ...

 BigCBall: do you ever ride in a car with your sister driving b511b: yea BigCBall: i thinks she drives about the same as me BigCBall: we were goin 55 down cerritos after school today b511b: you guys drove together? BigCBall: well we ended up parking next to each other and left school at the same time b511b: ah b511b: yea, you're both crazy drivers BigCBall: haha... so are you BigCBall: i think it runs in the family

 i'm not doing much, so i thought i'd blog some more... hmm, i can't think of anything particularly funny to write about and i'm getting bored with retelling my rather boring adventures. well, i downloaded "dueling banjos" a while back and lemme tell ya, that is freaking hilarious... i wouldn't mind learning the banjo just so i can play that song. i downloaded quite a number of songs today, and i have to recommend white stripes - fell in love with a girl... it's only a minute 45 long and sounds like it was recorded off an answering machine, but it's catchy. (man, i'll do anything to put off writing my immuno "paper.") ah, here's something interesting that i meant to blog a while back. according to a survey, about half of women polled believed they would die from breast cancer whereas only a fifth thought they die from heart disease. in reality, 1 in 28 will die from breast cancer (which is still quite high as compared to your chances of dying from anthrax or some other agent of bioterrorism), but 1 in 2 will die from heart disease. that's a staggering statistic. i guess that's why whenever i hear or see a commercial promoting breast cancer research i chuckle at how you rarely ever see or hear a commercial promoting organizations that are in the fight against heart disease even though women have a 14 fold higher chance of dying from heart disease. but then i realize that the breast cancer is a rallying point for these organizations since women have a special connection to that aspect of their anatomy (well, women and obese men)... but i'm rambling. another interesting fact i've learned is that there is a population of individuals who are naturally immune to HIV infection (be warned you immunophobics of the upcoming discussion). you see, when HIV is about to enter a cell it must first bind to the CD4 protein on T-cells. it must then bind with another surface protein called CCR5 (refers to cysteine-cysteine type 5 chemokine receptor) to uncoat and enter the cell. well, approximately 2% of scandinavians have a mutation in their CCR5 protein that makes it nonfunctional. therefore, these individuals are resistant to HIV primary infections. also, 25% of the scandinavian population has only one copy of this mutated gene, resulting in their T-cells having only 50% of their CCR5 being functional. this then causes a delay in infection of these individuals by HIV. it's also noted that these people with the defective CCR5 are also resistant to infection by a variety of other pathogens

 so a woman is 5 months pregnant and tells her husband, "once i get really big, you're not going to find me attractive anymore." the husband replies, "honey, no matter how big you get or what you look like, i'll always love you." the wife is very happy with his answer, but the husband feels the urge to elaborate, "plus it's not i've never slept with a fat chick before... i mean, this is America and i do drink a lot"

 hello my loyal fans... i had an immuno take-home quiz due today, and mine was only a page and a half whereas others had in excess of four pages. but i feel like i answered the questions sufficiently, so we'll see about that. in more immuno news, we got back our midterms today and although the exam had 120 points on it, the professor made it out of 100 instead, meaning that my C+ on the exam became an A... woohoo. i saw my preceptor again yesterday (he's an area physician that i follow around so i can learn how real doctors work), and although the patients had the usual complaints, he did go off on one of his patients... he basically called her a crock of shit and whatnot, but i found it to be rather humorous. also, two individuals in the class have come up to me in the past two weeks and asked what i thought about a particular female in the class... i never respond well to these types of questions at first (i.e. i respond with lots of ambiguity to protect myself), but i eventually i just said what was on my mind (nothing bad though).

 urlLink vinicio , i completely agree with you

 angels kicked some major ass against cleveland... 21-2

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY DANIEL ... although he'll only see it if chris shows my blog to him. i bought my cap and gown today... i'm special since i get to wear a green tassel while most of the other departments wear white or gold (although i did notice that the music dept wears a pink tassel). why green you ask? green is the color of phoebus apollo, god of light (note i said light, not the sun [the sun god was helios]), god of truth, and was also known as the healer since he taught men the healing art. so yea, it's a reference to the fact that we're in med school. but i studied like 3 chapters today for neuro, only it was at the expense of hanging out with the boyz for daniel's and chris' birthdays... and i really feel bad about missing it. oh well, i guess we'll have to do something this weekend.

 well damn it... the simpsons: season two was supposed to come out on dvd in may (at least that's what fox.com said). now it's not coming out until august 6... AARRGGHHH!!!!

 a good antibiotic is one that is specific for bacteria and won't hurt your own cells, and most do... the only problem is that your mitochondria were once free-living bacteria. so basically when you take an antibiotic, you're not only killing off the invading bacteria, but you're slowly damaging your own mitochondria at the same time

 ok well my housing situation for next year has gotten a bit more complicated... a guy in my class asked my roommate for next year and myself if we'd be interested in moving into a 4 bdrm, 3.5 bath house that's about 5 min from campus. the rent's only 1200 and after utilities, cable, and cable modem, it'd only come out to 500 or so (less if we find a fourth roommate). the only problem i have with it is that the apartment i'm supposed to move into is owned by ucr, so i get free rent for july and august and electricity is free year-round... so we'll see

 A first grade teacher explains to her class that she is a San Francisco Giants fan. She asks her students to raise their hands if they were Giants fans too. Not really knowing what a Giants fan was but wanting to be like their teacher, their hands explode into the air like fleshy fireworks. There is, however, one exception. A girl named Lucy has not gone along with the crowd. The teacher asks her why she has decided to be different. "Because I`m not a Giants fan," Then, asks the teacher, what are you?" "Why I`m proud to be a Dodger fan," boasts the little girl. The teacher is a little perturbed now, her face slightly red. She asks Lucy why she is a Dodgers fan. "Well, My Dad and Mom are Dodger fans, and I`m a Dodger fan too," The teacher is now angry. "That`s no reason," she says loudly. "What if your mom was a moron, and your dad was a moron. What would you be then?" A pause, and a smile. "Then," says Lucy, "I`d be a Giants fan."

 wow, almost a week since i last posted... anyhow, i've been buying dvds lately. i got the jerk last week and i got dirty work and jay and silent bob strike back on sunday... that's some hilarious shit, yo. haha. jay is so damn hilarious, but it's a bit too vulgar to repeat... so here's just a smidgen: you are the ones that are the ball lickers. we will fuck your mothers while you watch and cry like bitches... and it goes on like this. but we won our softball game yesterday (because the other team didn't show), and then we played a pick-up game with some people who were just hanging around the field. heidi and i were going to go to a noontime concert today, but the unexpected rain kinda put a damper on that plan... oh well. and i just realized that once the 5th year biomeds go off to LA in a couple of weeks, then we get the biomed trailers all to ourselves (they have 7 ethernet-connected computers, a laser printer, a big screen tv, a full-size fridge, a working microwave...). and we're also coming up on the one-year anniversary of my blog, along with the birthdays of daniel, chris, myself, and my sister michelle.... plus i have to start studying. damn it, i'm rambling

 so yesterday goldfinger played at my school during lunch and lemme tell ya, THEY F--ING RULE!!! haha... i was jumping to the beat for like 40 minutes straight so my calves and thighs were starting to ache. and since a lot of people who attend ucr didn't have ucr as the school that they really wanted to go to, student apathy is really high and most school-sponsored events generally have low attendance... but not this one. there were so many people there but heidi and i got pretty close to the stage... so close i even got a free ucr t-shirt. ah, good times (by the way, the two previous blogs were from "the jerk" with steve martin). anyway, tomorrow's the bonfire and i'm thinking we might have a pretty good turnout, but we'll see...

 I know we've only known each other for four weeks and three days, but to me it seems like nine weeks and five days. The first day seemed like a week. And the second day seemed like five days. And the third day seemed like a week again. And the fourth day seemed like eight days. But the fifth day, you went to see your mother, and that seemed just like a day. But then you came back, and later, on the sixth day, in the evening, when we saw each other, that started seeming?like two days. So in the evening, it seemed like two days spilling over into the next day, and that started seeming like four days. So at the end of the sixth day, on into the seventh day, it seemed like a total of five days. And the sixth day seemed like a week and a half. I have it written down, but I can show it to you tomorrow if you want to see it.

 I'm picking out a thermos for you, Not an ordinary thermos for you, But the extra-best thermos you can buy, With vinyl and stripes, and a cup built right in, I'm picking out a thermos for you, And maybe a barometer too, And what else can I buy, So on me you'll rely, A rear-end thermometer too.

 well they're going to make a sequel to "dude, where's my car?" entitled "seriously dude, where's my car?"... i might just have to see it. but anyways, i'm supposed to head over to the softball fields in an hour or so for a rousing game of softball with some biomeds, and it's going to be rather interesting considering a number of them haven't played softball/baseball before...

 i was sitting in class today and the professor was lecturing on visual pathways when i realized i have absolutely no idea what the hell he was talking about. i guess that means i should try to study some... oh well.

 oh yea, i got harrassed by a monk when i was walking home from school today. he was kinda like the jehoviah's witnesses in that he stopped me in my tracks and tried to give me a book on how to reduce stress. he even offered to sign it for me. but then he told me he was a monk and started going off on how his book is supposed to help reduce stress but i just stared back at him, gave him his book back, and said no thanks... what a weird day

 i think there was a fire somewhere in riverside because when i left my apartment this morning, the aroma of burnt wood was everywhere... very reminscent of a bonfire. anyways, i went to the noontime concert at my school today and it was a 70s-style classic rock band (with some punkish leanings) from oslo, norway and they were ok...

 dude, morpheus preview edition is really pissing me off... so i guess i'll just have to stick with audio galaxy then

 alright so on friday i went to the doctor's and it turns out i have subacute bronchitis. well, the most irritating part of this condition is all the coughing i'm doing, so i was prescribed three meds to help combat this. one is an inhaler for bedtime (that sometimes makes my hands tremble), a pill i have to take once every 12 hours (which makes me drowsy), and another set of pills that i have to take 6 of the first day, 5 the second, and so on until i'm done (these make me flushed)... so over the weekend i had thought i had got used to them, until class started this morning. that's when i realized that i'm not quite feeling the same as i usually do... so only after 3 more weeks on this stuff (other than the medrol pack which i'll be through with in 3 days), i should be feeling better... oh this is gonna suck ass

 i don't believe in violence. whenever my brothers and i would play cowboys and indians, i was always the chinese railroad worker. --edward norton in "death to smoochy"

 hmm, got out of class at 11 so i'm already on my weekend... this quarter is great

 well, today i found out that i have a whole plethora of interesting bacteria in my throat. i found this out because in micro lab we swabbed our throats, cultured it, and then got to gram-stain it today. it was especially nasty since we cultured it on blood agar, and i had some strains of bacteria that consume red blood cells... but thursdays and fridays are looking good this quarter, seeing as i'm scheduled to get out by noon (but i can get out earlier if i choose to leave lab early). anyways, i had a rather odd evening last night that involved arby's and then bowling... not my standard fare for riverside. but then i watched greg the bunny, and that show is just getting better and better. like this one part where the cast had to go play paintball in an attempt to build unity, the male director told the female executive, "when i'm out for blood, i don't let [someone's] sex get in the way." then a large freakish female puppet says, "that's funny, for me it's normally the other way around." i almost started rolling on the floor laughing...

 courtesy of heidi... urlLink peanut butter jelly time

 ok, so it's day #2 of this fantabulous quarter and so far it's looking pretty good. neuro may end up reaming us all, and microbio might do the same... but i'm hoping that path will be great. who knows, it might just help me decide whether or not pathology really is for me or not... but so far i've only had to buy one book and i might just have buy only one more, so i'm getting off light this quarter. plus i'm probably gonna sell some books from last year to some unsuspecting 3rd years... haha. anyways, during the spring quarter my school has the wednesday nooner series in which bands perform during lunch on wednesdays (hence the name). well, goldfinger is performing april 17, kroq is showing up may 15, and fenixtx is may 22, so i figure we should try to catch these ones.

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO.... MY BLOG . one year ago today, john got me blogging... so basically whenever i had the urge to study, i repressed that feeling and wrote some insanity on this crappy little website...

 well the blog that was going to cover the 9 days between my birthday and my last blog will now be expanded to 18 days... so here goes: -my birthday (the 11th) was alright, and i'm ok with that... afterall, it's not like 22 is a major milestone. i was kinda disappointed in my gifts, although i was really happy i got some new clothes. my grandma bought me a george forman grill along with some meat, but i was more happy that i got the meat than the grill (by the way, the grill is a pain in the ass to clean). after i had dinner with my family, i hung out with the boys, so good times. -on monday (May 13) my group for PBL (i.e. problem based learning... that's where we get a clinical case, try to figure out what's going on, and then report on stuff we don't know the following week) presented a case on diabetes, and since the previous group's presentation was very boring, we tried to liven it up by playing a gameshow... it turned out really well and everyone was paying attention -on tuesday (May 14) i had a pathology "midterm" that was only 30 multiple choice questions that took about 6 minutes to finish. afterwards, matt, alfredo, his sister, heidi, and i drove out to dodger stadium and watched them get beat 2-0 by the mets... interesting how that day was the 4th anniversary of the trade that sent mike piazza to florida (who then traded him to the mets), yet piazza chose not to play that day. i was ok with the dodger's loss (lord knows i've seen enough of them), but what really irritated me was the chick behind me (who must have been from freakin' jersey) who wouldn't SHUT THE FUCK UP... i finally had enough of it when she started saying that the mets were an overall better team because they last won the world series in '86 and she assumed the dodgers hadn't won in an even longer time. that's when i turned around and said that no, the dodgers last won in '88... what i failed to mention is that the dodgers beat the mets in the NLCS that year to advance to the world series. -the rest of the week was uneventful until the weekend when my mom bought a fruit press and sieve, so sunday (May 19) i got to filter the berry vodka (which smells like a fruit roll-up) and the coconut-pineapple rum. but we also had a small bbq for my sister's bday, and i watched my sister's boyfriend drink too much and then pull a ben in the bathroom. the only difference is that he didn't get it all in the toilet whereas i have only not hit the toilet once and that was only because i was in a car... -the next monday (May 20), it was a classmate's bday but heidi and i had to leave early so we could go work on our presentation for micro. i did like two hours of research for it, and we ended up working on the powerpoint for another 2 hours... yet there was still stuff we could've mentioned -on tuesday (May 21), heidi and i are all ready to present on Yersinia pestis (the bacterium that causes the plague) and when i look at the lecture notes for that day, i notice that the professor goes into the most detail on Y. pestis ... in fact, he covers a lot of stuff that we were going to go over. but when we actually did the presentation, we tried to focus more on stuff that he glazed over so it ended up pretty well... in fact, cedric came up to me afterwards and said, "i was thinking that there'd be nothing left for you guys to go over, but you did it..." -wednesday (May 22) dragged on forever, but only because i was waiting for... -thursday (May 23). my sister's bday... and my dentist appointment. it was the first cleaning i had in four years (because of lack of dental insurance and NOT due to poor dental hygiene), but the hygienist said i had very little plaque... of course that didn't prevent her from mercilessly attacking my gums. later that day i hung out with chris, and then dave, chris, scott, and i drove down to BJ's brewery and ate some food and drank some beer (scott had root beer of course... crazy mormon). john met up with us after dessert, and we then went over to dave's and played some durrock... -friday (May 24)... i had ditched class that day because i had thought that we'd be leaving for vegas early enough that i couldn't possibly make it back from riverside in time... turns out i could have gone to class, but seeing as i had gone all year without ditching i think i deserved it. anyway, that morning i filtered the lemon vodka, then i packed for vegas.... then i waited for a couple of hours. when we finally left, traffic was ok until we hit the 57 in which a saturn had thought it could pass underneath a semi, but to our delight it failed. (we took the 91 to the 57 to the 60 because my uncle thought it'd be faster than the 91 to the 15, even though the 15 and 91 were perfectly fine and moving rather well... it wasn't the first time that weekend he was a fucking moron). however, once we finally made it to the 15 (2 excruciating hours later) we noticed that the 15 was also backing up near the 10... it stayed that way until we passed the truck scales out near the exit for mountain high. after that, traffic was going nicely until we got about 30 miles past Baker (claim to fame: world's largest thermometer) when we noticed a column of thick black smoke about 3 miles ahead... ended up being a car fire. we got about a 2.5 miles before traffic came to a complete standstill and people started getting out of their cars... oh well. we finally get to vegas around 8, and it didn't take us long to get something alcoholic to drink. that's when we started to gamble... the funniest part of that evening was when i watched my mom's friend pump about $15 into a wheel of fortune game, get frustrated, and move over a machine. i promptly sat down, inserted a dollar, bet the max, and quickly won $25. yay me. at the very same moment, her husband won $25 on a machine that was to the right of her... haha. -on saturday (May 25), i woke up early because i couldn't sleep all that well and my dad (who normally gets up at 3:30am for work) couldn't either and was talking very loudly to my uncle who had stayed in the casino all night and was just returning at 8. so everyone then gets up and we head over to the rio (we stayed at the tropicana) for breakfast buffet... and i was all about the bacon and eggs until i saw the sushi... now you're thinking, "sushi at a breakfast buffet?" keep in mind that people stay up all night gambling, so they just might not be in the mood for breakfast but dinner instead. so later michelle, kyle (her bf), and i went down to the pool where we had a 44oz. long island ice tea for $12. best $12 i've ever spent. that night we went back to the rio for the seafood buffet which was rather good, and after stuffing myself with a plate of lobster, we went back to the tropicana. we were only there to change clothes before heading out to walk the strip, where i saw james (chris' friend, formerly of best buy). we then went back to the tropicana and my dad, kyle, and i played blackjack... i lost $20 but i helped my dad win $80. alright, i'm going to go eat now... i think this blog is long enough

 whoa, i haven't blogged in an eternity... well, i'm going to make this brief (i'll have a longer blog that covers my life over the previous 9 days) but i'm getting published for the work i did over the summer of 2000... it involves mammary duct connective tissue and pseudophosphorylated prolactin, and it is being published in cell tissue research

 happy birthday to me...

 the ucla school of medicine is now known as the david geffen school of medicine... which means that right now i'm in the "ucr/ucla thomas haider program in biomedical sciences of the david geffen school of medicine"

 since the ucla school of medicine just got a $200 million donation, i guess that means that when i get to ucla next year i could get some extra benefits like more financial aid or something...

 week 6 of this fantabulous quarter, and i had my first midterm today in neuro... i dunno how i did, but when i was studying the material i felt like after i had read through everything, i hadn't learned a damn thing. my next midterm is on thursday, and i have a lot to read. but today in pbl we had a great time, and when we present our case next week we're going to do it in a game-show format. so hopefully it'll work out alright...

 last weekend i started the infusion jars for my grad party: pineapple-coconut rum (whole fresh pineapple and a whole coconut), berry vodka (16oz. of strawberries, 12oz. of raspberries, and 12oz. of blackberries), vanilla rum (two vanilla beans), lemon vodka (3 lbs. of lemons and 2 limes), and citrus vodka (2.5 lbs. of oranges, 1 lb. of lemons, and 3 limes). all but the vanilla rum (which takes a month) are ready now to drink, but i'm going to let them infuse for another week or two so they can get a bit more flavorful.

 although i didn't post a happy bday message to chris yesterday, i did IM him at 12:08am on his birthday (i would have IMed him at 12:01am, but i had connection problems...). anyways, i'm studying for neuro right now and i thought i'd impart some medical knowledge amongst you all: diabetes mellitus and smoking are risk factors for just about every disease out there...

 well yesterday was an awfully long day... i went to bed at 2:30am, woke up at a quarter to 6, went over to my grandma's house, and painted until 2 or so. then after a small nap, i went out to woodranch bbq in anaheim hills with some people from school, and then we saw mr. deeds. it was your standard adam sandler film, so kinda dorky but funny at the same time...

 i was thinking of buying a still so i can make my own liquor but seeing as a nice copper one will cost about a grand, i figure i'll wait til i have my own house...

 man, i loooooove this laptop...

 crap, i just lost my last blog... well, i'll sum it up: moved into a new apartment, bought a laptop, bought a leather deskchair for $60, gave a powerpoint presentation to high school students on embryology, histology, and pathology, and saw "the bourne identity" which was definitely one of the better movies i've seen in a long time... really wants to make you become a black ops operative

 well, dave graduated two days ago from UCI and it was so great to watch him up there, all smiles, as he walked up the platform and got his handshake... the only weird thing is that they didn't give him anything to hold so it at least looked like they gave him a diploma. but after enduring the several-hour-long ceremony, i prayed that mine wouldn't be quite so long... especially since it was to be held under the sun in riverside. but after an intensely hot 2 hour ceremony, i finally have my bachelor's degree (even though i don't technically pick it up until october). the party at my parents' house afterwards was really good and i had over 30 people come over... but now i'm really tired (from the lack of sleep from the night before graduation and the ensuing sunburn-esque state of my face), so i'm pretty much going to just hang out in cypress, maybe go shopping for a laptop, and then head back out to riverside so i can start packing up my crap...

 some say i have a problem with alcohol. but the only problem i do have with alcohol is that it's too damn expensive...

 i brought my rubber band ball from home to my apartment, that way i'm even more distracted and can't get any worthwhile studying done... but neuro wasn't all that bad, so now i'm focusing on microbiology...

 so yea, it's approximately 5:53 in the morning and i've been up for the past 53 minutes going over the review packets for my neuro final which is today at 9. i'm starting to know this stuff, which is good seeing as neuro is as painful a class as ever... oh crap, i have to go over the cranial angiograms. back to studying...

 stupid neuroanatomy...

 well, fenixtx played a free concert today at my school and lemme just say, THEY KICK ASS!!! although it was incredibly hot out there and i got a lil sunburned, i really enjoyed seeing them... it was a nice distraction from the thought of studying. plus, some girl flashed the crowd during the encore and that was just, well, great. she was pretty good looking and her nipples were pierced...

 so you say you haven't seen gilmer in a while? well, just go to urlLink ucla's website to catch a glimpse...

 i learned in pathology that seeing people who've hung themselves (or been hung by others) isn't nearly as common as it once was. as a result, there's only two major presentations of hanging deaths: the individual in prison or psychiatric ward who couldn't stand it anymore, and the autoerotic asphyxiation death. if you're not familiar with the autoerotic asphyxiation, it happens when a man ties a belt (or whatever) around his neck and ties the other end to something to keep him up. his goal isn't to kill himself but to deprive his brain of oxygen for a long enough period of time to induce a state of euphoria, in which he masturbates. every once in a while, the man will then pass out and never regain consciousness. this happens a lot more frequently than you'd believe, and the only reason that you don't hear about this in the news is that not only is this an embarrassing way to die in general, but the fact that the men almost always are dressed in women's clothing...

 i forgot to mention that when i was in vegas (in the paris hotel to be exact), i got my ass pinched. i was standing by a $25 minimum blackjack table with my dad, my uncle, and my sister's boyfriend kyle, and we were waiting for my mom and my sister to get out of the restroom. so i was watching the table when i felt a pinch on my ass, right next to my wallet, and once i felt it, i jerked my head around and i saw an attractive older lady (i say she was 30 or so) take off really quick and go into the bathroom. i then tell everyone that my ass was just grabbed, and my dad gets suspicious and says that she was probably going for my wallet... luckily i was wearing my cargo shorts with the velcro pockets. but then about 5 minutes later, she comes out of the restroom all smiles and trying to contain her laughter, walks right past us to the nearby bar, where she meets up with her friends and they all start laughing... so i guess she was put up to it. this then leads me to two different conclusions (both involving a large intake of alcohol): (1) she saw me, remarked to her friends how attractive i was, and her friends then dared her to pinch my ass; (2) she saw me, remarked to her friends how unattractive i was, and her friends then dared her to pinch my ass. oh god i hope it was the former...

 i like how the sacramento kings were supposed to be unbeatable at the arco arena... GO LAKERS

 i don't like to go to vegas because i don't like to gamble with money... i'd rather stay home and gamble with people's lives

 my roommate pete said today, "you don't go into medicine for the money... you go in for the women"

 hey, i'm not crazy... sure, i let my dog drive every once in a while, but he's never, ever off his leash for even a second

 Transvestite Girl Scout Identified MANCHESTER, Conn. (AP) - Police say they've solved the mystery of a cross-dressing Girl Scout cookie salesman. Someone complained last week that a young man in a big, blond wig and red pleated skirt was going door-to-door taking orders for Girl Scout cookies. Police say they learned the seller, who resembled country star Dolly Parton, was taking part in a summer camp initiation. "It was kids goofing off," said Detective Sgt. Mike Ludlow. He said a camp counselor called police to tell them it was all a prank and apologized. The counselor also promised they've seen the last of door-to-door Dolly.

 getting stuff named after you once you die is pretty cool. except when you get a disease named after you, because that means you died from it... like Lou Gehrig or Bob Aids

 gentlemen, next time you're out at a bar or wherever it is you pick up chicks, go up to one and ask, "if you and i were squirrels, could i bust a nut in your hole?"

 everyone should try for the american dream as typified by michael jackson: born a poor black boy, he eventually became a very rich and powerful white woman

 oh yea, i also went to the driving range for the first time on monday... lots of fun. my only problem was that i was using heidi's clubs and she's probably a good 6 inches shorter than i am, so i wasn't always able to get the best contact between the ball and the club. but when i did, the balls went far...

 so yesterday was quite an adventure. i woke up at 8 so i'd have plenty of time to eat breakfast and get everything ready for NYLF (that's where i teach high school students a med school class), with some time left over so i could fix my powerpoint presentation. now, i've had a short in my radio's amp for a good 8 months, and as long as i'm driving my car at least every other day or i disconnect one of the cables to the battery, everything's ok. however, this past friday i noticed that someone had moved my car and hadn't closed the door all the way... which drains the battery as well. so when i had to go pay the cable bill, i went out to my car and it wouldn't start. normally, after i jumpstart it and then drive it, the battery works fine. so i assumed that after i had driven my car all the way out here to riverside, it would be fine. but god had other plans. so back to yesterday, it's time for me to head over to ucr and i put all my crap in my car, only to find that it won't start. so i call my roommate matt to have heidi come and pick me up (since matt is in charge of the program, he couldn't leave to pick me up, but since heidi's portion didn't start until after lunch she could come and get me), and from then on my day's going great. the kids really liked my presentation (my goal is to educate as well as horrify), and i was feeling tired and hungry, but good. all i wanted to do was nap, eat, and then jumpstart my car so i could drive aimlessly around riverside so i could charge my battery. but why would life be so easy? once i got into my room, i start changing into some more comfortable clothes when i hear matt exclaim that his room is full of ants. i then just so happen to look down to my left and see this giant swarming mass of black on my printer box. the ants where clustered at one corner of the box, but had a line running almost the entire length of my wall. so matt then begins to spray all the ants while i run up to the office to see if we can get an exterminator... which we can, but he only comes tuesday mornings... greeeaat. so i go back and tell him the bad news, and we just end up using almost a whole can of ant spray. we vacuumed up the dead, and then went to dinner. dinner was actually quite good, and when i got back, i used heidi's car to jump mine. we then drove around riverside for a half-hour, and i figured that if i disconnect the cables after i charge it, everything would be good to go. well, heidi and i go back into my apartment and while i'm lying on my bed, i see a couple stray ants here and there. i then look behind my desktop tower and see another swarm of ants. life just keeps on getting better. we then determined that they were coming from under the baseboards from outside, so we sprayed outside too. now all that ant spray going around isn't really good for your lungs, so heidi said i could sleep at her place. i figure that's probably best, but then as i get into my car, reconnect the cable, and try to start it... nothing. piece of mother f--ing shit. so i figure that the open door, the short, and the unbearable heat of riverside killed my battery. i think i'll drink something tonight... (well, i was going to anyways since it's a [ucr] friend's bday today)

 i'm at my apartment and i've been using our cable modem ever since i got here... it's just enough to make me stay in my apartment all summer

 i've never fucked a "10," but i have fucked 5 "2's"--george carlin

 not a whole is going on in the land of ben, although i did buy some books for school, play an incessant amount of monkey ball 2, and go to knott's...

 there once was a man from nantucket, who kept all his cash in a bucket, he had a daughter named nan, who ran off with a man, as for the bucket, fuck it... there once was a man named enis, who said, "men are from mars, women: venus" and i bet you thought, that i had been caught, and would be forced to say penis...

 Early Pot Smokers Become Addicts, U.S. Study Says WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The younger someone is when first trying marijuana, the more likely he or she is to become dependent on illegal drugs later in life, U.S. government researchers said on Wednesday. They found that 62 percent of adults aged 26 or older who first started using marijuana before they were 15 had also tried cocaine at some point. More than 9 percent reported they had used heroin and more than half had used prescription drugs for recreational purposes. Less than 1 percent of those who said they had never tried marijuana reported having tried cocaine or heroin and just 5 percent had abused prescription drugs, the report, by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, found. "These findings are of grave concern because studies show smoking marijuana leads to changes in the brain similar to those caused by cocaine, heroin and alcohol," SAMHSA administrator Charles Curie said in a statement. "Heavy marijuana abuse impairs the ability of young people to retain information during their peak learning years when their brains are still developing," Curie added. "Every day in this country, more than 3,000 people -- most of them under the age of 18 -- use marijuana for the first time. Their early marijuana use exposes them to risks of drug dependencies, long-term physical and cognitive consequences, and social problems," White House Office of National Drug Control Policy Director John Walters said in a statement. The report, based on National Household Survey data, found that 18 percent of adults who said they first tried pot before the age of 15 met the criteria for either dependence or abuse of alcohol or illicit drugs, compared to 2.1 percent of adults who said they had never used marijuana. The survey also found that an estimated 2 million Americans 12 or older said they had used marijuana for the first time in 1999, down from 2.5 million in 1998. Other researchers have found that teenagers who start smoking are more likely to become addicted to nicotine than people who wait to try cigarettes when they are adults.

 i shot a man once, just to watch him die... then i got distracted and missed it. my friends tried to describe it to me, but it wasn't the same...

 freklfrnzy: so, what have you been up to since i talked to you last? b511b: i started writing the great american novel freklfrnzy: oh, good. you done yet? freklfrnzy: what's taking so long b511b: and after 3 pages i figured i'd just use a thousand monkeys at a thousand typewriters... freklfrnzy: and something was bound to make sense... b511b: then there was all this bureaucratic red tape b511b: and then i got calls from PETA... [People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals] b511b: so i just went to the pet store and bought all the mice they had freklfrnzy: yeah...i bet they said that you were giving the monkeys carpel tunnel syndrome... freklfrnzy: ah...so then they can just step on the keys and not get any nerve damage... b511b: so i had 37 mice in my living room, and figured it would be more fun if i raced them freklfrnzy: so you set them all free and now you only know where 3 of them are... b511b: so then i went to the hobby shop and bought 37 minirace cars freklfrnzy: oh, geez...i forgot... freklfrnzy: sorry b511b: i know freklfrnzy: i'll let you tell your story...i'll stay out of it. b511b: so i go to signal hill in long beach, where's this really steep hill, and i'm letting these suckers fly down it... b511b: when i realize, man, i'm a weird guy... freklfrnzy: i realized that at: "i started writing the great american novel" b511b: haha b511b: but i bet you didn't know where i was going with my story freklfrnzy: haha..yeah, i'm kidding freklfrnzy: i realized it LONG ago freklfrnzy: nope...quite imaginative... b511b: my novel was going to be called," billy and the brass horse" freklfrnzy: and the main story line was...? freklfrnzy: dare i ask... b511b: an elite black ops cia agent loses his leg while square dancing.... it's your classic triumph over adversity story freklfrnzy: ah...and it goes with the title so well... b511b: i thought so too freklfrnzy: now, did you think of the title first or did the storyline come to you first? freklfrnzy: let me guess...the title came first... b511b: actually, i thought of the ending to the story first freklfrnzy: ah...working backwards. b511b: he ends up working in a donkey show in tijuana... the donkey's name is billy freklfrnzy: i see...riveting. freklfrnzy: can't wait to read it... b511b: you're probably thinking, "aw crap, he's gone even more psycho... how am i going to break up with him and not have him go berserk and blow up my house..." freklfrnzy: wow. you can read my mind too.

 word to the wise: if you're nose starts to bleed, you're probably picking it too much... or not enough

 apparently this is baseball week for me. i went to the angels' game on sunday, the dodger game last night, and yet another dodger game is this friday... but so far, my teams are 1-1 when i've gone this week, 1-2 for the season...

 LONDON (Reuters) - Want to be more attractive? Make sure those around you are having a drink. British scientists have found even modest amounts of alcohol will make the opposite sex appear better-looking. "We have carried out experiments which show that what is known in the trade as the 'beer-goggle effect' does actually exist," Barry Jones, professor of psychology at Glasgow University, told Reuters Monday. The study of 120 male and female students found drinking up to four units of alcohol -- about two pints of beer or four glasses of wine -- increased the perceived attractiveness of members of the opposite sex by about 25 percent. Jones said alcohol apparently stimulates a part of the brain called the nucleus accumbens, which judges facial attractiveness. "There is a strong link between facial attractiveness and signals about the quality of a potential mate," Jones said. The professor said the study had been prompted by the causal link between risky sex and alcohol consumption. Its findings come at a time when young Britons are increasingly binge drinking, which has serious health risks.

 oh yea, i forgot to mention that i had my wrist x-rayed and it turns out i broke the tip of the ulnar styloid off, so i have to wear an arm brace for two weeks to allow it to heal...

 I really wish we could be together, and sometimes I get so distraught by this that I solace myself by driving erratically and slamming on my brakes... just like when you drive

 i went to the ventura county fair yesterday with heidi, and it was more like a real county fair... unlike the oc fair, which is more like a big carnival. and my wisdom teeth holes are really bugging the hell out of me... even time i eat i have to make sure i don't get too much food stuck in there. but at least they're not hurting as much...

 Pfizer 'Good' Cholesterol Drug Could Revamp Therapy NEW YORK (Reuters) - Lowering "bad" cholesterol is the holy grail of cholesterol treatment, but boosting "good" cholesterol could become an equal pillar of therapy if a ground-breaking drug being developed by Pfizer Inc. succeeds in clinical trials. Cholesterol is a blood fat the body needs for its metabolism. But when it's too plentiful it clogs arteries and becomes a major cause of heart attacks and strokes. It consists of a good form called HDL (high density lipoprotein) and the bad variety known as LDL (low density lipoprotein) which both interact in the bloodstream. The experimental drug, code named CP-529,414, raised levels of the good form a whopping 55 percent in clinical trials -- about ten-fold higher than elevations typically seen with today's leading cholesterol treatments, called statins. In addition to boosting protective HDL, the Pfizer drug also lowers harmful LDL up to 20 percent. That's about a third as much as the world's two top-selling cholesterol drugs, Pfizer's own $7 billion-a-year Lipitor ( news - web sites) and Merck and Co.'s $6.5 billion Zocor. The new drug would be used in combination with Lipitor, but it will be at least several years before it becomes available, assuming it clears all regulatory hurdles regarding safety and effectiveness. New York-based Pfizer plans to put CP-529,414 and Lipitor into a single potent pill, a move that could also extend the U.S. patent life of Lipitor from 2011 to 2018. "The combination of Lipitor with this new drug offers the potential of raising HDL cholesterol by 50 percent and lowering LDL by 70 percent to 80 percent. No other combination of drugs can come close to doing this," Pfizer research chief Peter Corr recently said in a meeting.

 i had my wisdom teeth removed today, and so far it's not too bad. i mean, i can't eat anything really, but the pain isn't all the bad...

 a little piece of us all died today with the passing of chick hearn... watching a lakers game will never be the same

 went to mad greek today and damn, that was a good gyro. but my molar is bugging the hell out of me and i'm going to get my wisdom teeth removed in five days. two of them will be easily removed, and the third (for some reason i only have three) is a partial bony obstruction, meaning that half of it's exposed while the other half is still stuck in my mandible... and it's because of this one tooth that the operation is going to be more expensive and more painful.

 i completely forgot to mention that i started a new infusion jar a couple of days ago: sour apple vodka. the only nasty part is that the apples turned brown, so it looks like crap but smells great. and as i told chris last night, i have a craving for some monkey balls... the game, that is. but nothing's really been going on lately, more of the same old crap. school starts up in a month or so, so i'm kinda torn about that... i'd like to go back and learn some more, but i like just lying around. oh well. i want to go to a party of some sort...

 AQUABATS FUCKING RULE!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 well, today in pathophysiology of disease we had a lecturer who made quite a stir a couple of weeks ago at our orientation since he tends to say, "sit and ..." for example, he would say, "i'll be sitting here and talking to you" or "the heart muscle will sit and contract" and so on. well, within the first 10 minutes of class he had already said that phrase (or conjugations of that phrase [sitting, sit, sits, sat, and oddly enough, sittering]) at least 10 times, so i decided to mark down how many times he says it during the course of the 3 hour class. after an hour, we had our first break and he was up to 141. so we then decided to have a pool, in which the winner would get a free burrito from the courtyard taqueria courtesy of the other members in the pool... and if you got the exact number, we'd also buy the winner a soda. well, there were only 4 of us in the pool and we set our scores a la the price is right (in case we all bid over the total, we would declare a draw). the total ended up being 303 times and heidi was the lucky winner with a bid of 300... the rest of the pool all bid higher. i still think if we spent less time on breaks the lecturer would've gotten higher...

 one good thing about people thinking i'm such a good guy is that they never check my backyard for bodies

 yea, so i wasn't supposed to go over the heart but the eye instead... it's all good, i caught my mistake early enough.

 well, i'm now in week 3 of the new school year, and i'm starting to fall behind already. pharm... i've actually kinda kept up on, i just need to go over the chapters a bit more so i feel more comfortable with the material; ppd (pathophysiology of disease)... i read the first packet but that's it... i just can't seem to get motivated for that class; ipe (intro to patient exam)... i have to read the chapter on the heart and go over the pulmonary skills so i don't feel uncomfortable trying to examine the patient; doctoring... i need to do my learning issue before thurs... plus, i need to sleep more and i'd like to start waking up a bit earlier each morning so i can go jog a bit... i talked to vinicio for the first time in a long time last night, and it was really good to hear from him. the only problem is that i said we had asked how school's been going, and i had complained (well, sort of complained really) that we spend a lot of time on single subjects in ppd, like when we spent a week on atherosclerosis... he wasn't quite so sure what that meant exactly... oh well, they say becoming a physician practically encompasses learning a new language that we need to converse with colleagues, but we mostly learn these words so we can later explain them to patients...

 Man Divorces Quarrelsome Wife for Mute Woman SANAA (Reuters) - A Yemeni man divorced his first wife because she was loud and argumentative and picked a deaf and mute woman as his new bride, a local newspaper said on Monday. Al-Thawra daily said a 40-year-old man named as Yahya from the southern Dhamar province so tired of his wife's "screaming and endless disputes" that he left her after 15 years to remarry. "He chose one deprived of hearing and speech and who is quiet and mild-mannered," it said.

 The Spicy McHaggis Jig by the dropkick murphys... a perfect irish drinking song i'll tell you a story, believe me it's true. a tale you'd best hope never happens to you. old spicy mcHaggis, how he met his fate. you I can save, but for him it's too late. Spicy was big, burly and strong. his pipes were gigantic, and so was his schlong. from city to city, running around, always looking for chicks over four hundred pounds. One night at the pub a girl caught his eye. big as a house, just the right size. the broad was enormous, stacked to the hilt. spicy soon noticed a bulge in his kilt. the piper delivered his best pick-up line, thought to himself, "this beast is all mine." the portly young lady could stand for no more, grabbed his cojones and went for the door. They got to her house and dimmed all the lights. Spicy was in for one hell of a night. he said that he loved her, he'd always be true. "But Mr. McHaggis, I've only just met you!!" By now he saw double through his drunken eyes neither had looks or appropriate size he came to his sense, thought to himself, "At this time of night I won't find nothing else" he took off his shirt, she lifted her skirt, they pulled out his unit and stared to play she asked for a glove, he gave her a shove, had baby McHaggis nine months to-the-day. Three packs a day, he'll smoke 'til he dies Spicy McHaggis, one hell of a guy!

 Research Holds Hope for Genitally Challenged Men Scientists in the United States have come up with news that may help millions of men -- they have succeeded in growing major parts of penises in the laboratory. The test tube penile parts were successfully used to rebuild the members of rabbits who -- after rest and recuperation -- put them to the use that rabbits are famous for. "They were able to copulate, penetrate and produce sperm," Anthony Atala, whose team at Harvard Medical School ( news - web sites) carried out the experiments, told New Scientist magazine. He said the researchers were now trying to grow entire penises in the test tube. But he also said the technique was at an early stage and that it would be a while before the technique was tried with human tissue. The scientists had only been successful in growing the erectile tissues of rabbit penises -- not the entire organ -- and in all cases the erect member had the reduced firmness of a 60-year-old against that of a more virile 30-year-old.

 today is my first day of school... let the pain begin. nah, it should be fun...

 what with football season starting and millions of people babbling about how great the sport is (just tune into espn to watch any particular team's previous season portrayed essentially as countries that are fighting for dominance... please people, it's a fucking sport...), i just have to mention how great baseball was, is, and always will be by quoting from an article from espn: (it also compares baseball to basketball, but football seems to make people go nuts) The game is great Boring? Irrelevant? What are these people watching (or not watching?) There is no other sport that produces the infinite possibilities, never-ending plot lines and cerebral joys that baseball does. None. Think about the last week or so: --Kerry Wood struck out four hitters and hit a home run in the same inning. --A starting pitcher (Aaron Myette) threw two pitches all night and still got charged with a walk. --A guy with more than 2,400 hits (Mark Grace) made his pitching debut. A shortstop (A-Rod) hit his 50th homer. --The Phillies whiffed into a triple play. --And the team that began the season with the 29th-highest payroll in baseball (the A's) won its 20th game in a row... after blowing an 11-0 lead. Maybe it's just us, but all of that's way more interesting than a 24-second violation The players are great We keep hearing how players today can't play like they did in the olden days. Give it a rest. In Babe Ruth's day, the game was played by a whole lot of slow white men. Players today are far better athletes and are vastly more culturally and ethnically diverse than they are in any other major sport. Let's broadcast that to the world, huh? So this isn't an embarrassing age for baseball. In many ways, it's a golden age Business ain't so bad, either We often wonder how much abuse the sport of baseball would take if it went seven years without a team in the second-largest city (los Angeles) in the country. Or if it moved a team out of the fourth-largest city (Houston) in America to, say, Tennessee. Or if it played the World Series in a neutral site, and played the All-Star Game on an island 5,000 miles from some of its biggest cities. Or if the trading deadline came and went but nobody got traded. We are led to believe these days that the NFL can do no wrong and baseball can do no right. But in fact, baseball is judged far more harshly than any of the other sports. A lot of that is baseball's own fault, obviously. But it's time for the sport of baseball to remind people it isn't as big a disaster as it often portrays itself. It's more affordable than those other sports. It has the greatest history of any sport. You don't have to wade through a week of hype waiting for somebody to actually throw a pitch. It's bursting with cool and beautiful ballparks that blend into the fabric of their cities and neighborhoods. To sell baseball, no one needs to reinvent the wheel. Just shine up the prettiest wheels in sports and roll them down every street corner. Do us that favor: Let's try it and see what happens. and finally, people gush over the parity in the NFL. but why? The NFL system penalizes excellence by prohibiting successful teams from keeping top players for any length of time. And let's stack up baseball's competitive-balance record with the NBA's any time anyone wants to play that game.

 getting drunk off of dollar drinks is great...

 there was a south park episode a while back in which dr. mephisto (the marlon brando-esque character) told cartman to attend the NAMBLA meeting... dr. mephisto meant the North American Marlon Brando Look-alike Association, cartman accidently went to the North American Man Boy Love Association. i had a good laugh at the time because both of those group names are rather funny and rather creative on the part of the south park writers. but it turns out there really is a North American Man Boy Love Association...

 WOO HOO ANGELS!!!

 there's only a couple of things i can never get enough of... boobs is one. another is watching the giants lose...

 if you're wondering how i'm doing, i'm bloated, constipated, and i have a boil the size of walnut on my ass... you know, the usual...

 oh yea... urlLink vinicio , in reference to your race query, if you were to compare the traditional three races (traditional, mind you, means politically incorrect) of mongloids (asians), caucasoids (whites), and negroids (blacks), only 8% of the differences between groups can be attributed to their race (e.g. higher incidence of insulin dependent diabetes in whites, sickle cell anemia in blacks, and lower amounts of alcohol dehydrogenase in asians). In fact, other than the obvious differences in skin color, hair type/texture/color, and eye color and less obvious differences in rib cage size, nose size, earwax type, and height-to-weight ratio, we are overall a very homogenous bunch. This is especially true of whites (which includes arabs and asian indians) and asians, who are more likely to be related to each other than two individuals from neighboring tribes in africa. Compound this with the fact that humans and chimps share 98% of the same DNA... so of the 2% of our DNA that specifically makes us human, only 8% of that can explain racial differences (~.16% of our total DNA). so you are right in saying there are no races...

 i spent the past two days studying pharmacology, because today was our midterm, which was worth 30% of our grade... mind you that this class is cumulative for the year, and i only get a grade after the whole year is done. oh, and every other test i have in pharm is worth about 10% of our grade... so today was basically a final. but i felt i did fairly well on it (i know i passed, which is the most important thing since this year is pass/fail), and as chris pointed out, i better have done well considering i chose to study pharm instead of attending game 2 of the world series... although whenever the series has been on tv, i tend to pay more attention to it than my notes. which is good for today, since the world series isn't being played today and i have to study for my midterm that i have tomorrow in pathophysiology of disease....

 that's right, bitches!!! GO ANGELS

 die giants, die!!!!!!!!!!

 angels in the world series and me studying prior to the day before the exam: two horsemen of the apocalypse. i guess armageddon isn't all that far off. i don't mind as long as i pass my tests and the angels win. i think it'll make the next thousand years of torture a lot easier to handle...

 stupid charter communications... the cable modem was out from 6pm to 9:30pm because of "some technical problems [they] are currently experiencing in Victorville." bastards... oh well, back to the trenches. freakin' ppd (pathophysiology of disease)

 at any given time, 0.7% of the world is drunk

 HEALTH WARNING Watching the new Christina Aguilera video entitled "Dirty" will expose your computer to sexually transmitted diseases, such as (but not limited to) genital warts, herpes simplex II, and chlamydia...

 i went to the angel game yesterday (ALCS game 4), and i saw two great signs: Things to do today 1) Fuck Twins and You Can't Spank R Monkey

 i'd just like to restate my previous blog...

 oh yea, GO ANGELS!!

 thanks a lot urlLink vinicio ...

 the nice thing about pathology is that you're always right... you are, however, always 24 hours late with your diagnosis... but always right, nonetheless

 urlLink Stick this quiz in your pipe and smoke it

 the penis: that loveable little oaf between your legs is your oldest and dearest friend... and all you do is beat the snot out of him

 Wynona's got herself a big brown beaver and she shows it off to all her friends. One day, you know, that beaver tried to leave her, So she caged him up with cyclone fence. Along came Lou with the old baboon And said "Recognize that smell?" "Smells like seven layers, That beaver eats Taco Bell." Now Rex he was a Texan out of New Orleans And he travelled with the carnival shows. He ran bumper cars, sucked cheap cigars And he candied up his nose. He got wind of the big brown beaver So he though he'd take himself a peek, But the beaver was quick And grabbed him by the kiwis. Now he ain't pissed for a week. (And a half!) Now Wynona took her big brown beaver, And she stuck him up in the air. Said "I sure do love this big brown beaver And I wish I did have a pair." Now the beaver onces slept for seven days And it gave us all an awful fright. So I tickled his chin and I gave him a pinch And the bastard tried to bite me. Wynona loved her big brown beaver And she stroked him all the time. She pricked her finger one day and it Occurred to her she might have a porcupine.

 the statistics on sanity are that one out of every four americans is suffering from some form of mental illness. now think of your three best friends. if they're ok, then it's you...

 if surgeons are god and internists are the angels, then pathologists determine when god and his minions screw up

 stupid weather... where's all the snow at?

 If you give up smoking, drinking, and sex, you don't actually live longer... it just seems that way

 after spending about an hour and a half on my drive home yesterday (which normally takes about 50 minutes), i decided i'm a rage-aholic... i'm addicted to rage-ahol...

 time for some liquor and hoes... in other words, clubbing...

 Ya pohozhoo na moee otnoshyeneeya s nyekotorim, kto zakonchyen. Ya choovstvoval etot poot v tyechyeneeye proshlih dvooh eelee tryeh nyedyel, ee tyepyer eto dyeystveetyelno nacheenayet dobeeratsya ko mnye. Nye to, chtobi ya nye lyublyu yeye bolshye, tolko, chto ya choovstsooyu, chto ya sdelan s otnoshyeneeyamee. Ya hochoo so`obshyeet yey ob etom, no ya nye oovyeryen, kak eedtee ob etom

 Q: I've heard that cardiovascular exercise can prolong life. Is this true? A: Your heart is only good for so many beats, and that's it ... don't waste them on exercise. Everything wears out eventually. Speeding up your heart will not make you live longer; that's like saying you can extend the life if your car by driving it faster. Want to live longer? Take a nap. Q: Should I cut down on meat and eat more fruits and vegetables? A: You must grasp logistical efficiencies. What does a cow eat? Hay and corn. And what are these? Vegetables. So a steak is nothing more than an efficient mechanism of delivering vegetables to your system. Need grain? Eat chicken. Beef is also a good source of field grass (green leafy vegetable). And a pork chop can give you 100% of your recommended daily allowance of vegetable slop. Q: Is beer or wine bad for me? A: Look, it goes to the earlier point about fruits and vegetables. As we all know, scientists divide everything in the world into three categories animal, mineral, and vegetable. We all know that beer and wine are not animal, and they are not on the periodic table of elements, so that only leaves one thing, right? My advice: Have a burger and a beer and enjoy your liquid vegetables. Q: How can I calculate my body/fat ratio? A: Well, if you have a body, and you have body fat, your ratio is one to one. If you have two bodies, your ratio is two to one, etc. Q: What are some of the advantages of participating in a regular exercise program? A: Can't think of a single one, sorry. My philosophy is: No Pain .. Good. Q: Aren't fried foods bad for you? A: You're not listening. Foods are fried these days in vegetable oil. In fact, they're permeated in it. How could getting more vegetables be bad for you? Q: What's the secret to healthy eating? A: Thicker gravy. Q: Will sit-ups help prevent me from getting a little soft around the middle? A: Definitely not! When you exercise a muscle, it gets bigger. You should only be doing sit-ups if you want a bigger stomach. Q: Is chocolate bad for me? A: Are you crazy? Cocoa beans ... Another vegetable. It's the best, feel-good food around!

 ok so here at my apartment (officially called Casa de BMP... ben, matt, and pete), we have three special themed nights based on what we have for dinner. last night was healthy night, and we had baked chicken with spaghetti. today is angina night (angina is chest pain that is due to arteries being clogged and causing blood supply to your heart to decrease, which can then lead to a heart attack), and we'll be having roast with mashed potatoes and gravy... plus we had kielbasa sandwiches for lunch. then tomorrow is cirrhosis night, and we'll be drinking the berry vodka...

 BwoozKwooz: but how many john l phamvan's could there be? b511b: uh, 6 BwoozKwooz: lol BwoozKwooz: thanks for clearing that up for me

 i removed the blog that was here because i got more off my chest just by writing it out...

 what makes america so great? that you can eat a t-bone whenever you want? or shoot a gun? or download porn?... how about entering poorer nations and telling them what to do? i say yes to all of these

 alcohol is a horribly dangerous and addictive drug that should be avoided at all costs... until you turn 21, that is. because that's the age at which it becomes very good for you...

 this and the previous entry are being republished from my blog from a year ago a punk rock take on a modern classic... feliz navidad, feliz navidad, feliz navidad prospero ano y felicidad feliz navidad, feliz navidad, feliz navidad prospero ano y felicidad thank you for breaking up with me at christmas you picked a perfect time to break it to me right after i bought ever gift you wanted i guess just that's the bitch you are you changed your pager, home, and cell phone number you even took out a restraining order i can't be within five hundred feet of ya i think you've gone too far feliz navidad, feliz navidad, feliz navidad prospero ano y felicidad feliz navidad, feliz navidad, feliz navidad prospero ano y felicidad i'm really sorry that i fucked your sister i can't believe she even let me fist her i even hooked up with your best friend esther yea she blew me in your car i guess i'll never ever learn my lesson just bought a brand new shiny smith & wesson i'm gonna keep your boyfriend second guessing i hope i see him at some bar somebody told me he was born a woman they said he changed his name from rachel to ruben you must be the only bitch he's foolin' you should check him for some scars i hope you get a fucking yeast infection or some disease from using no protection you know your boyfriend can't get an erection yea his "weewee" won't get hard merry merry christmas oh yeah merry merry christmas oh yeah merry merry christmas oh yeah merry merry christmas oh yeah merry merry christmas oh yeah

 christmas is that time of the year when jesus' ghost rises from the grave to feed on the flesh of the living, and only the singing of christmas carols can banish him back to the grave...

 went snowboarding yesterday, and it was one of the coldest days of my life... but it was really nice to get back out there

 so yea, finals are over, i know i've passed at least 3 of my 5, and now i'm going to get ready for a night of drinking and debauchery...

 Snow is more important to me than sex, drugs, or rock and roll... I will not travel a thousand miles to have sex. I will not travel a thousand miles to get drugs. I will not travel a thousand miles to go to a concert. BUT I have traveled a thousand miles (or more... on several occasions) to go snowboarding... Courtesy of John

 it's well known that med students lead stressful lives... especially around test time. this has been well documented in the higher incidence of ulcers and anxiety attacks we experience, and by the fact that male med student sperm counts are lower than their non-med student counterparts. further evidence of the high stress level was recently brought to my attention (other than first-hand experience). when an individual is experiencing high levels of stress, blood levels of corticoid hormones are elevated. when med students' blood serum levels of these hormones are analyzed, the average level of these hormones mirrors another group of individuals who are undergoing high stress levels: people who are training to be astronauts...

 adjunct to what i said a bit earlier... if rats can't vomit, then how do they know when to stop drinking?

 we've all heard how after people stop smoking they gain weight and how alcohol can give you a beer gut... well, if you give an individual who smokes a pack a day a 2000 calorie diet and then have him abstain from smoking (while maintaining the same diet), he will gain weight. apparently the inhaled smoke is so caustic to lung tissue that a person uses a large percentage of the caloric intake to simply repair the damage (and it's this constant need to repair the lung tissue that leads to the development of cancer). so once the trama-inducing substance is removed, the body now has excess calories that end up being stored as fat. as for the beer gut, ethanol metabolism lowers the reduction potential of liver cells, thus making the synthesis of fatty acids much easier. which is why in chronic alcohol use, the first sign of damage is a yellow, fatty liver. MORAL OF THE STORY #1: smoking and ethanol can fuck you up MORAL OF THE STORY #2: overweight? then become anorexic and take up smoking... if the smoking itself doesn't help you lose weight, the lung cancer will

 if the FDA was asked to approve ethanol's use as a medicinal drug, they legally could not because it is neither safe nor effective... that's why i like to consider it a foodstuff

 Physicians in Colonial America carried gold-headed walking sticks. To reveal themselves as doctors. Earlier practitioners had started it in London. The affectation fell out of favor. The medicos took up little black bags. But bags meant house calls, and that wouldn't do. Some of the entitled still make the public announcement with special license plates. A stethoscope sticking out of a jacket pocket works. Nothing beats an exposed stethoscope to proclaim: "I am not a male nurse!"

 weirdness alert this is how important a man's testes are to him: scientists have only formulated drugs that contain platinum to combat testicular cancer... and by the way, don't call your balls testicles because "-icle" is diminuitive... thus, testes + icle = testicle = small balls... that is, unless you're packing pebbles instead of rocks... weirdness over... go back to your normal routine

 rats can't vomit

 ok so i had my first final today for intro to patient exam, and although i got a bit flustered during the history taking portion of it, i think i did a real good exam and i know i passed... now i just have to spend the next couple of days studying my ass off for my four other finals in pathophysiology of disease (ppd) lab, pharmacology, ppd didactic, and doctoring... and i have no one except myself to blame for the mess i've gotten myself into. i'm the one who thought, "hmm... study my ass off for two years straight, then try to apply that to real patients, and then when i actually get my degree, work 100hr shifts for less than minimum wage. sounds like a great idea!!" all i'm saying is that it better be worth it... (i think it will)

 In laboratory experiments, paired mice produced 180 baby mice in a given time. Then the male mice were separated, fed alcohol, and returned. And the paired mice produced 220 baby mice. What do you make of that?

 here's some pick-up lines for those of you out there who are all alone... so sad and alone "You must have horrible, painful blisters on your heels. Because you've been running through my dreams all night. In uncomfortable shoes." "I must've died, changed religions, and spent 127 years in purgatory because I see an angel standing in front of me." "You're so fine, I bet you'd slip through a colander." "If I had to choose between being with you for one night and winning the lotteryI'd take the lottery. But it'd be close. Real close." "You remind me of my fear of snakes." "Once I knew two people who didn't fall in love. They both died horribly the following day. Makes you think."

 Police in Mansfield Township and Hackettstown, N.J., charged Emmanuel Nieves, 23, with aggravated assault on Nov. 13 after he allegedly slashed the face of his friend Erik Saporito, 21, as the two men fought after arguing over which one had more hair on his ass

 freakin' med school... if it's not one thing, it's another...

 so yesterday in my class entitled "intro to patient exam," we worked on our blood drawing, intramuscular injection, and subcutaneous injection techniques... when i did the blood drawing i was a bit nervous seeing as i hadn't done it in a year and i had a nurse watching and grading me, but i did a real good job and i didn't hurt the patient (who was my roommate, pete)... the nurse then asked if i had ever drawn blood before, and i said, "only once and it was over a year ago." then she said that i'm a natural... so yay me!!

 so i was able to make it this far in the year with my new year's resolutions... that's right, last night i broke my last one: i murdered a hobo

 ok, so i finally watched american idol and i saw someone thank jesus for her making it into the second round... which makes me think, why don't people blame jesus for them failing...

 i bought the bourne identity today... great ass movie

 a loving tribute to california... What's a 'wind-chill factor' anyway? By Jim Caple SAN DIEGO -- The predictable, patented formula for an early Super Bowl column is for the writer to fly into town and immediately rip the host city. You won't read that here though. How could I? It's San Diego. As soon as I landed here Sunday, I made my way to the bar at the famous Hotel Del Coronado, arriving just in time to watch the Raiders score 10 quick points to take a lead they would never surrender, glance westward at the sun setting over the Pacific and offer a small salute to the state that offers the absolute best in American sports: California. Aside from offering a fabulous sunset view, the Del Coronado was an appropriate place to watch Oakland clinch the AFC title. The hotel supposedly inspired L. Frank Baum's vision of the Emerald City for his "Wizard of Oz" books, and for the past year, the yellow brick road of American sports that is Interstate 5 has been leading right here. Just two hours north of here, the Los Angeles Lakers won their third consecutive NBA championship last spring. Just a little ways from there, the Anaheim Angels won the World Series last fall. And this week, the Oakland Raiders will roar down I-5, wave to their former home in Los Angeles, arrive in San Diego and win the Super Bowl, once again crowning California as the king of American sports. No wonder California bottles so many sparkling wines. It has to, what with all its teams constantly celebrating new championships. Sure, Los Angeles lost its two NFL teams, but who would notice? California still has three NFL teams to follow, five baseball teams, three NBA teams (plus the Clippers), four Pac-10 teams and three NHL teams. California also is home to the greatest venues in all sports: the Rose Bowl, Pebble Beach, Dodger Stadium, Pauley Pavilion, Santa Anita, Surf City, the Los Angeles Coliseum (host of two, count 'em, two Olympics), McCovey Cove and Rubio's fish taco stands at San Diego's old Murph. What other state provides palm trees in center field, Vin Scully on the car radio and the USC song girls on the sidelines? What other state can claim Tiger Woods and Torrey Pines? What other state gives you the Rally Monkey? Oh, I know. Fans back east think they're more passionate about sports than Californians. But I dare them to say that to a parking lot full of bearded, chain-wielding Raiders fans dressed in black leather, spikes and Darth Vader masks. (The male fans are even more intimidating.) Passionless? Remember, Californians are so serious about their sports that they go to court over who caught a baseball. If California fans don't always seem to live and die with their teams quite as vicariously as do Easterners, it's because they don't feel the need. Sure, East Coast and Midwest fans get all weepy when their favorite teams lose -- after all, once the season ends, those poor devils have nothing ahead of them but months of shoveling snow and moaning about the price of heating oil. On those rare occasions when California teams lose -- usually to other California teams -- their fans feel bad for a minute or two and then remember where they live. And then they go run on the beach or ski in the mountains. Eastern fans also think they are more knowledgeable about sports than Californians. It's nonsense, but if that's the only way they can soothe their wounded pride, that's fine. When it comes to trivia, Californians are content to know that the records for longest hitting streak (Joe DiMaggio), most home runs in a season (Barry Bonds), most career touchdowns and receptions (Jerry Rice), most points in a career (Kareem Abdul Jabbar), and the last .400 season (Ted Williams) are all held by athletes who grew up or played in their state. Easterners no doubt will point out that sports success is cyclical, that the Patriots won the Super Bowl last year in New Orleans and that the Yankees have won the World Series far more than anyone else. Which is true ... but so what? Regardless of which teams are on top, their best players likely grew up in California. UConn may have just won its NCAA women's record 55th consecutive game, but they rely on Diana Taurasi to keep it going, and she's from California. As are Tiger, Barry, the Williams sisters, John Elway, Mark McGwire and the Waltons (the basketball family, not the television series). In fact, California athletes have won so much hardware in the past couple years that not even Shaquille O'Neal's crib could hold it all. The reigning Heisman Trophy winner (USC's Carson Palmer) and the MVPs of the NFL (Oakland's Rich Gannon), the American League (Oakland's Miguel Tejada) and the National League (Bonds) all play for California teams. True, San Antonio's Tim Duncan won the NBA's MVP award last spring, but that's only because voters probably grew tired of giving it out every year to Shaq. And let us not forget that Eddie Murray, just elected to the Hall of Fame on the first ballot, grew up in Los Angeles. The best thing about California sports, however, is the Pacific Time Zone. Here in California, they laugh whenever East Coast fans whine about playoff games that end near midnight. At the same time, Easterners are wondering how they're ever going to be able to finish Lumbergh's TPS report on three hours' sleep, California fans are wondering which movie to go see after the game (they'll probably go see one which hasn't even opened in the rest of the country yet). So here's to California, the superb host of the NBA Finals, the World Series and the Super Bowl. And if you still aren't convinced that California is the place for sports and for sports fans, consider this: While the Raiders rolled to victory on hotel TV screens Sunday, five guys in shorts played beach volleyball in the January dusk. "The only bad part about living in San Diego is sometimes you have to go away from it and you don't get to be here all the time," Pittsburgh native Jerry Bremmers said after the volleyball game. "But then you get to come back." And just what is the wind chill factor in Philadelphia this morning?

 sitting on my ass, not studying... not doing anything, really...

 life kinda sucks... but at least i'm going to big bear this weekend

 ok, to make it brief, i was in vegas for new year's and it was fun and all, but my highlight was when i saw tv celebrity dennis haskings... aka mr. belding on saved by the bell

 Scientists say the brain of a chimpanzee completes its physical growth at age 1, but a man's brain keeps on growing until about 10 years after sexual maturity. That's proof that man's driving interest in sex develops long before his brain does

 i mean, who doesn't like watching urlLink four swedish horses sing? (just click their heads)

 for some odd reason, i'll never know why, they decided to come out with one-time-use g-strings for women that are made entirely of paper very similar to paper towel fabric. as a bonus, they can be used as a napkin after eating...

 31 days, 21 hours until opening day...for the dodgers, that is

 it's not such a beautiful day in the neighborhood...

 in case you never heard or had forgotten, putting duct tape on warts works better than removing them by liquid nitrogen or topical anti-wart cream. well, if you were wondering how you can treat yourself with this incredible therapy, just cut the duct tape to the size of the wart and leave it there for 6 days (if the tape falls off during that period, just put on a new piece). on the seventh day, remove the tape and soak the affected area in water for a half hour. then gently debride the wart with an emory board or a pumice stone. then apply a new piece of tape and continue with this plan until the wart is no more...

 i once walked in on my grandparents having sex... and that's why i can't eat raisins.

 one day Bruce was at work when a voice popped into his head, "quit your job, leave your family, take your life savings, and go to vegas." he was a little disturbed by this, but kept on with his work. the next day, he heard the voice again, "quit your job, leave your family, take your life savings,and go to vegas." again, he was a bit disturbed by this, but kept on with his work. the next day, he heard it twice... the next day, three times. every day he heard more and more, until he couldn't go more than a few seconds without the voice saying, "quit your job, leave your family, take your life savings, and go to vegas." after a couple months of this torture, he couldn't take it anymore... he quit his job, left his family, put his life savings in his briefcase, and boarded a plane to vegas. when he finally arrived at vegas, the voice now said, "get in a cab and go to caesar's palace." so he gets into a cab, goes to caesar's palace, and now the voice says, "go to the high limit roulette tables." Bruce is a bit bewildered by what the voice is telling him now, but he figures he'd do anything to make the voice go away. so he goes to the high limit roulette table and the voice tells him, "put all your money on red." Bruce opens up his briefcase, pulls out ten thousand dollars and puts it all on red. the dealer then sets the ball in motion and the ball lands on black. the voice then says, "FUCK!!"

 found out today that i got the track schedule that i wanted for next year when i'm at ucla... for you see, all the required rotations are set up into two tracks: A and B. A is pediatrics, ob/gyn, and surgery, while B is family med, internal med, neuro, and psych... i picked A. now hopefully i get my rotations in the order that i want them (peds, ob/gyn, then surgery)...

 do you constantly complain about wanting to learn about the Bible but are still waiting for someone to use Legos to accurate depict it? i thought so. go urlLink here , then

 well, you can now see how well your elementary school, junior high, and high school perform against all the other schools in their districts and the state by going urlLink here ... the test scores range from 200 to 1000, with 800 being the goal. now the rankings are weird... it's on a scale from 1 to 10 with 10 meaning that school is in the top 10% of schools, 9 is top 20%, and so on. So for vinicio, chris, and i... Cawthon got a 843 (2nd highest in the district) which made it a 9 (top 20%) when compared to all elementary schools in the state Lexington got a 736 (highest in the district for jr. highs by 124 pts), so an 8 (top 30%) statewide Cypress got a 706 (2nd highest in the district for sr. highs), so an 8 statewide only oxford got a higher score than cypress (a whopping 916)... freaking overachievers. although, i probably would've gone to oxford if given the chance...

 A flasher walks by two old ladies sitting on a park bench and exposes himself. One of the old ladies has a stroke. The other one can't reach it

 yes we all hate the french, for good reason too... and with their militant anti-americanism reaching a fever pace, i have a question for you... what do you call 100,000 people in France with their hands in the air? Answer: The French army... thank you. i'll be here all week. try the veal.

 umm, i dunno, maybe this is a good reason to really pay attention to what supplements you take... Physician explains Bechler's death By Becky Dubin Jenkins / MLB.com FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. -- Orioles right-handed pitching prospect Steve Bechler, 23, died of multi-system organ failure resulting from heatstroke Monday morning at North Ridge Medical Center, team physician William Goldiner said at a team-called news conference Monday afternoon. Bechler, who was rushed to the hospital early Sunday afternoon after becoming notably winded and reportedly suffering from dehydration and heat exhaustion after participating in some team running drills, died at 10:10 a.m. Bechler's pregnant wife, Kiley, was at his bedside when he died. The physicians treating him think he died of multi-organ failure due to heatstroke -- heatstroke being a clinical syndrome in which the body overheats," said Goldiner, who did not attend to Bechler in the hospital. "And this is often followed by cell death and multi-organ failure. Usually, one organ system and then another [goes], and often times the result is what happened. That was despite aggressive intervention." The Washington Times reported in Monday's editions that a supplement containing ephedrine, an amphetamine-like stimulant that has been linked to heatstroke and heart attacks, was found in Bechler's locker after he was rushed to the hospital Sunday. Ephedrine can help quell fatigue and aid weight loss, as well enhance performance. The Times also reported that the supplement found in Bechler's locker was thrown into the garbage as soon as it was found. Manager Mike Hargrove denied the report, and an Orioles spokesman said the team would not comment on the matter. Bechler was on respiratory support and was not conscious at the time of death because attending doctors in the intensive care unit had sedated him. Sedation is routine when patients are put on respiratory support because it eliminates pain and allows the machine to support the patient. At one point, Bechler's temperature reached 108 degrees. "He would rebound at times, and [the doctors] thought they were getting ahead of it," Goldiner said. "Invariably then, and what is characteristic of this syndrome, another organ system would fail. And eventually, it led to his death this morning." An autopsy was being performed, and the results are expected to be released Tuesday, according to Broward County medical examiner Joshua Perper. Bechler underwent a routine physical examination on Friday, as did the rest of his teammates, in the Orioles' clubhouse. Player examinations were administered by a few doctors, including Goldiner. Another doctor -- not Goldiner -- examined Bechler on Friday. Bechler passed his physical, which routinely takes about 20 minutes, on Friday. If a player reports any physical problems to the doctor, he is further examined. But Bechler did not report any problems to the doctor who examined him and was deemed "fit to go" and "fit to play." Bechler did have a routine EKG in 1999, and it, too, was normal. Because of federal guidelines regarding patient confidentiality issues, Goldiner could provide no further information regarding Bechler's health or physical condition, such as whether he had asthma. Goldiner also could not comment on whether he made any supplement usage known to the medical examiner's office. "I don't know personally if anything was being taken," Goldiner said. "If the medical examiner asked for it ... you know, I've held nothing back from the medical examiner." Bechler reported to camp this year heavier than he was at the end of the 2002 season, when he made three relief appearances for the Orioles after a Sept. 3 callup from Triple-A Rochester. Bechler, who was 6-foot-2, was listed as weighing 239 pounds in the Orioles' media guide. Bechler's weight was questioned by some members of the Orioles. Such weight-loss supplements that include ephedrine are legal and can be purchased at health food stores. But the O's say they do not condone them or anything like them. "As far as we're concerned, ephedrine, obviously amphetamines [and] weight-loss drugs are never prescribed by us," Goldiner said. "They're never condoned by us, and our policy in the clubhouse has been for years -- it's a written policy -- that we do not allow any products that contain ephedrine, ephedra, pseuephedrine, except for the case that they're prescribed for colds. "We certainly had no evidence from the physical exam that he was taking ephedrine. Having said that, we do know that players do take things, vitamin supplements. We try to educate them as to the dangers of ephedra and ephedrine. As far as we can go, these are legal substances, available in health food stores. They're made by companies, and they are there and there's nothing illegal. You do not need prescriptions [to get them] and can walk [into a store] and get it yourself." Executive vice president of baseball operations Jim Beattie said he was not aware of any supplements Bechler may have been taking but that "whatever is [there], whether in his room ... we will certainly cooperate with the investigating fully so if anything does show up, then they will have that information, if not now [then] at a later date." San Francisco Giants trainer Stan Conte said the results of a player's physical can sometimes be deceiving. "There are a lot of things that cannot be picked up on physicals that are going on with people," Conte said. "The question is if it's preventable, and I doubt very much it is. Each case is individual. The reports I read about [Bechler] with dehyrdration is [that] the minute he had dizziness and stuff, they stopped and got an ambulance and did everything they're supposed to do. If nothing had happened, they might have been criticized for overreacting." Florida Marlins trainer Sean Cunningham said his team takes the same precautions do the Orioles regarding players' usage of stimulants. "We know there are inherent risks with the use of ephedrine and ephedra," he said. "We try to educate the players to the use, to make sure they are aware of it. "The bottom line is you can get similar effects from coffee from the caffeine. They have to be aware there are effects from stimulants, and they need to be cautious. We try to educate them." Bechler is the second Major League player to die in six months. Former St. Louis Cardinals pitcher Darryl Kile died June 22 in Chicago of heart arrhythmia caused by blockage to his coronary arteries

 i freakin' knew Joe Millionaire would pick Zora...

 hope everyone enjoyed VD yesterday...

 i realized last night how grown up we're all becoming... it's kinda scary concerning the amount of responsibility we'll all have, but at the same time i can't wait to embrace it.

 performed a d.r.e. today... and i don't want to say anything more than that

 went to the hospital today and i saw an 18 yr old guy who had been 5150'ed (meaning he was institutionalized against his will for 24 hrs)... we couldn't get a history out of him, so i had to call his father and try to get as good of a history as possible... very odd day

 urlLink want to get mad at a game?

 so kaplan test prep gave my med school class an informative talk on what they offer for the united states medical licensing exam (USMLE), and at the end they gave away a free subscription to their online services and i won... so i picked the most expensive one, naturally.... woohoo

 A well-known cardiologist died and was given an elaborate funeral, with many of his fellow MDs in attendance. A huge heart covered in flowers stood behind the casket during the service. Following the eulogy, the heart opened, and the casket rolled inside. The heart then closed, sealing the doctor in the beautiful heart forever. At that point, one of the mourners burst into laughter. When confronted, he said, "I'm sorry, I was just thinking of my own funeral -- I'm a gynecologist." At that point, the proctologist fainted

 let's consider the phrase, "my parents couldn't be prouder of me." that means that no matter what you do from then on, you're parents can't be any more proud than they already are. so basically everything from then on will be a disappointment to them...

 highlight of my day: wearing fish slippers while i study

 i found out today that i might be followed by the feds... because my mom works for the federal govt (in the transportation security agency at LAX... she's a bomb screener), during her probationary 6 months the govt does intensive background security checks on everyone she listed on her application. my uncle and her best friend have already been contacted by the govt... i might get a letter or they may call my apt... they might even come up to me in a fastfood restaurant while undercover and gauge what type of person i am by making small talk with me. so since i really am being followed by the govt, i've decided i'm going to act like a paranoid psychotic. now i just have to fashion a hat out of aluminum foil so no one can read my thoughts

 girls require time and money Girls = Time x Money and "time is money" Time = Money therefore Girls = Money x Money = (Money)^2 money is also the root of all evil Money = (Evil)^0.5 therefore Girls = ((Evil)^0.5)^2 so by cancellation we get Girls = Evil so no more girls for me, just women... and maybe a midget or two

 please say a prayer for those seven brave men and women who died today on the space shuttle columbia

 urlLink some cool pics i "stole"

 have you ever suspected something was up and then have your fears realized... happened to me today. maybe i'll just bury myself in academics for the next couple of months... but i still think that everything that's gone on over the past couple of months was for the best

 so i went shopping today at ontario mills, and i spent a good portion of the $200 i won... mostly clothes, although i did buy 2 dvds and a cd. in fact, i think the cashier at virgin megastore was flirting with me (probably just being extra nice, but i'll take that to mean flirting)... now i think i'll just spend the rest of the cash (i used all the gift certificates and now have a sizable lump of cash that i got as change) on steaks and beer...

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY, VINICIO!!!!

 i took the urlLink belief-o-matic quiz and the results were SHOCKING!!!! apparently, i'm either a "mainline to liberal christian protestant" (100%) or "mainline to conservative christian protestant" (94%)... absolutely amazing

 Morocco offers US monkeys to detonate mine RABAT, D.C., Morocco, March 24 (UPI) -- A Moroccan publication accused the government Monday of providing unusual assistance to U.S. troops fighting in Iraq by offering them 2,000 monkeys trained in detonating land mines. The weekly al-Usbu' al-Siyassi reported that Morocco offered the U.S. forces a large number of monkeys, some from Morocco's Atlas Mountains and others imported, to use them for detonating land mines planted by the Iraqis. The publication quoted a highly-informed source as saying, "that is not a scientific illusion but a well-known military tactic."

 with the ducks having secured a playoff spot a couple of days ago, how great would it be if they won the stanley cup? anaheim would be the new sports capital of the US

 i bought the new linkin park today, along with the first season of futurama... i felt bad since i spent a grip over the weekend, what with boarding and all. but then i remembered financial aid comes in tomorrow... so yay for me

 the hardest part isn't finding out who we ought to be, but being content with who we are

 wish i'd thought of urlLink this

 FINALS ARE FUCKING OVER... i was so fucking giddy after my last final i just strutted all the way out the door. now it's time for some snow, LET'S SEE SOME FUCKING ACTION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i don't want to sound like a queer or nothing, but i find fire completely erotic... (orgazmo reference)

 fucking hilarious... urlLink http://titaniumcounter.com/temp/emergency/

 i just won a $200 gift certificate to ontario mills from the parking and transportation services here at ucr... how odd

 i hate people who are intolerant of other people's beliefs

 having studied for almost half a day for my final this morning, i felt really prepared going into the test and i felt pretty good afterwards... but now it's back to the grind

 so i just got back from studying at the biomedical sciences teaching complex (i.e. the trailers)... and i had been there studying since 2pm for ONE CLASS. this is an important class mind you, since it covers just how diseases and normal processes work in each system, but we only covered half of kidney, all of hormones, and pregnancy... so we figured if half a quarter of material meant 11 hours of study, at the end of this quarter we'd need to study 44 hours straight to go through all we've covered this quarter and last quarter. but with next quarter ending early (~middle of may), we end up having to study 55 hours worth of material for our cumulative final at the end of the school year (2 full quarters, 1 half quarter)... why am i doing this again? oh yea, that's right... semper poon

 urlLink Joe Intern drops the question By JEFF KRAMER The Orange County Register Joe Intern had a problem. He liked Rachel and the feeling seemed mutual. But propose marriage to her? At the end of their first date? In public? At an overpriced theme buffet called Goofy's Kitchen? Hey, those were the rules. As creator of the "Joe Intern" contest and a co-chaperone for Sunday's Disneyland dream date, I summoned my squirrelly 18-year-old intern to my table. Rachel sat alone, picking at her dessert while Kevin Beckman and I talked business. "You need to decide now," I gravely instructed. "Do you want to marry the girl or not?" Moments from now, I'll reveal Beckman's shocking decision and Rachel's response. But first let's review how we got to this point. Two Sundays ago, Rachel Birdsall , a 16-year-old Cypress High student, entered my small guesthouse not knowing what to expect. She endured tuba practice, a screaming baby and sardine odors for 3 1/2 hours - outlasting four rivals to win an all-expenses-paid date with Joe Intern. When date night finally rolled around, Rachel looked lovely, her luminous green eyes accented by a cozy brown sweater. Beckman, too, had managed to pull it together, somewhat. He wore a jacket and obsessively popped mints to hide his smoker's breath. "You look nice," he told me. "You shouldn't be telling me I look nice," I scolded, nodding toward Rachel. "I already told her she looks nice," Beckman replied. Then panic crossed his face. "Didn't I?" We looked at Rachel, who sadly shook her head "no." Still, Beckman was an operator. The young couple strolled through the park, with me and Pete (my friend and co-chaperone) watching Beckman's every move. When Beckman casually put his arm around Rachel, I screamed. As the father of two young daughters, it was not an easy thing to watch. "Beckman!" I said. "If you mess up, the company that buys the Register will be liable for your actions!" Eventually, we found our stride as a foursome and even went on a few rides. But fantasy and reality-programming were on a collision course. Disneyland was closing. It was time for the thrilling Goofy's Kitchen climax of Joe Intern. "I wouldn't marry anyone," Beckman whispered across the table, looking whiter than usual. So be it. I stood up in the dining room, introduced myself and said that my intern had something important to announce. "I'm announcing that I'm quitting my internship,'' Beckman quipped, which got a laugh but resolved nothing. "But what do you have to say to Rachel?" I persisted. A man got out his camcorder. A woman advised Beckman to, "Say it from the heart." Beckman looked like he was about to faint. Rachel hid her face in embarrassment. Finally, Beckman blurted, "Do you want to go out next weekend?" "Yes," she said. Cute. Unfortunately, Beckman's refusal to obey my orders to propose will result in disciplinary action - perhaps in the form of an even more degrading reality-TV-style debacle: Joe Commitment-phobe.

 instead of studying, i've been reading a lot of articles from yahoo and going over all the posts i've missed on vinicio's livejournal... but one of his posts troubled me. i'm a republican, but a liberal one at that. i favor environmental protections, abortion rights, minority protections, and keeping religion out of gov't (i'm against having the ten commandments posted in gov't buildings, although i'm ok with the pledge of allegiance as it is). i also favor a strong military, minimal socialization (especially when it comes to medicine cuz i gots to get paid), and i'm relatively against affirmative action (i can sympathize with both sides on that one). and being from oc, being a republican was no problem. i fit in just fine. but go to riverside, i'm the outcast. i've seen and heard a lot of republican bashing... mostly to the point that we're all white males and that's only who we look after. this point was emphatically demonstrated on vinicio's livejournal when he unwittingly answered questions to a quiz that deemed him 86-100% republican... the equivalent of pure evil. I would however, like to point out a few things. first off, while the republican party has changed since its inception, let us not forget the greatest man in the history of america was a republican. that man? Abraham "i may have marfan's" Lincoln. it's hard for me to imagine anyone equating emancipation with evil (unless you're in the KKK). and now for a big sticking point with bush being president. yes, he lost the election in terms of total votes (~500k). but had gore won the florida debacle, we would've had 50 million pissed off bush supporters. so either way, half of the nation was going to be pissed with the election's outcome. it's just that the pro-gore people tend to have greater access to the media, so we heard from the them. (if democrats where truly as pissed off as their most vocal members are about that election, why a republican sweep in the midterm elections?) which leads me to my next point: i just deplore how liberals automatically dismiss the viewpoints of those 50 million bush supporters (i voted for gore, by the way). they assume middle america is a bunch of inbred hicks incapable of making the "right" decision. and i'm seeing a lot of this with the soon-to-be war with iraq. what would you say is the approval rating of a war with iraq? 15%? 30%? how about a whopping 66%. and frankly, i have to agree with them. i do believe the saddam has weapons of mass destruction, or at the very least chemical/biological weapons. and i think inspections are a good idea. but if we were simply to let these inspections go on forever as germany, russia, and france would like, i can envision saddam simply hiding all his weapons, because quite frankly people are very smart under pressure. however, i do think we should have UN backing for any force against iraq. i think we should have set up a plan where iraq has 6 months to 1 year to disarm and prove it to the world. if not, we should go in there and run the country. and two points about war with iraq--in a country where the leader is already torturing and killing his own citizens, should we not step in to stop this? i know we're going to kill people when we invade iraq, but people are going to be killed regardless. it's as if we shouldn't have invaded nazi germany to save the jews because we were going to kill german citizens too (that's an extreme example, but a similar situation... plus i like hyperbole). my second point is this war is not about oil. if it was, we would've taken saddam out after the first gulf war or any other time he pissed us off since then. the US is the second largest producer of oil in the world, and we get most of the oil we import from venezuela, mexico, and indonesia. which country gets most of its oil from iraq? france. that's right, france. makes you wonder what their ulterior motive is. so i'm tired of seeing "no blood for oil" or "blood only 1.69 per gallon" cuz frankly, that's a really good price. i'm not trying to sway anyone one way or the other, i'm just telling it the way i see it... sorry if i offend anyone

 oh yea, all the rain has caused a giant lake so form in the valley next to my apartment... and i don't mean a little puddle... this sucker has to be like 7 feet deep. we were thinking of stocking it with fish and then grabbing a couple of brewskis and chilling out there all day... but then we realized we don't know where to buy live trout and there are five more finals to worry about... damn biomed

 just the other day i was lamenting the loss of vinicio's insight into life, politics, and drinking by the closure of his livejournal... well, it turns out the bastard has been livejournaling it up for close to a month and a half... that's what i get for deleting bookmarks

 1 down, 5 to go

 In Manchester, England, in December, Thomas Clark, 30 (described by his lawyer as "intelligent" and "highly educated" but spiraling into depression), was convicted in the stabbing death of a 71-year-old man. Among the evidence against him was the result of an Internet search he had performed on his computer: "What sentence would I get for stabbing somebody in an unprovoked attack?" (The response, from the "Ask Jeeves" Web site, was not introduced as evidence, but the correct answer, it turns out, is "life in prison.") [Daily Telegraph (London), 12-20-02]

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY MATT!!! and have a good finals week... haha

 this week i have 6 finals in 5 days... and now there's fresh powder at mammoth. god is making up for where biomed fucked with me...

 freakin financial aid... if it wasn't free money, i'd sure be pissed. wait, you mean i have to pay it back? shit

 i'm using blogger for evil... well, not evil per se... but i'm being crafty with it. yea, crafty sounds good

 the house of representatives just changed the names of two food items on their congressional menus because of this whole "god i hate the french" thing... so now they call them freedom fries and freedom toast. i don't know, however, if they'll change it to freedom kiss...

 urlLink So many sardines, so little time By JEFF KRAMER The Orange County Register "Joe Intern" slumped miserably on the beige sofa in my living room, looking more pale and distressed by the minute. "I get sick in the heat," the native Southern Californian whimpered. "Headache, nausea." Odd. The high temperature in Los Alamitos Sunday was 77 degrees not exactly heat stroke country. Perhaps my laptop-toting, chain-smoking, skateboarding 18-year-old intern, Kevin Beckman, was feeling hot for a different reason. Four arrestingly beautiful young women had just arrived to vie for Beckman in the latest installment of "Joe Intern" the most compelling reality TV drama ever to appear exclusively in print. The stakes couldn't have been higher. First, the lucky winner would score a dream date with Beckman to Disneyland, chaperoned by yours truly. Then Beckman and I would decide if he would propose marriage. Finally, the young lady along with the rest of Orange County would be informed of our verdict in dramatically brain-dead and exploitative fashion. But we're getting ahead of ourselves. About a dozen women submitted applications to be in "Joe Intern," but of the five finalists chosen by Kevin, only two showed. Luckily, one of them, Rachel Birdsall , 16, of Cypress, helped out the cause by inviting her sister, Michelle Birdsall , 21, and best friend, Heather Whittaker, 16, of Lakewood, to compete. Rounding out the field was Molly Coon, 21, of Garden Grove. "I just became single and I enjoy meeting people randomly," she explained. Enjoy? Not this time. "We have a little guest room back here," I said, nodding toward the detached structure that serves as my domestic escape hatch. "All four of you will go in. The last one out wins Kevin." No food. Only water tap water. Dutifully, the girls marched inside. Their faces were somber and intense. The big screen was turned to a replay of a Los Angeles Unified School Board meeting. Channel changing not allowed. Beckman and I relaxed on the patio, sipping cool drinks and assessing the "talent." Then I remembered: It was time for tuba practice! I entered the guesthouse, apologized for any intrusion and performed a series of thunderous long tones. Already, the girls were getting that glassy-eyed look one associates with prisoners of war. Living with Jeff Kramer, they were realizing, was a challenge unlike any they had ever encountered. Next, I left them with a tape playing children's music that features hellishly unlistenable songs such as "Find Your Elbows." That did it for Heather and Michelle. Not even a full hour into the contest, both cracked. "The (children's) music really got us," Michelle said, pressing her hand against her temple. "I thought we were going to be, like, asked questions or voted off or something. I have a boyfriend." Malnutrition proved Heather's undoing. "I'm not really into the whole idea of staying in there, because I'm starving," Heather said, reaching into a tub of chocolate-cheesecake brownies offered as an incentive to surrender. Back in the guesthouse, things were getting interesting. "I'm just doing this for your column," Molly confided. "Thanks," Kevin interjected. "My self-esteem is just rising." Then he insulted her by calling her "ma'am." Serious chemistry there. Nate the dog hopped up on the couch where Rachel sat. She tried to scoot away, but Nate snuggled closer. "He sheds," she complained. "I'm wearing black." Then she relented and gave him a few desultory pats. "He's soft," she said. "That's because dogs roll around in their own pee," Beckman said chattily. Long silence. Our newborn, Lily, has colic, so I brought her into the guest house hoping the change of scenery would help her stop crying. No luck there. Then I played more tuba, put on more annoying kids music and offered the two holdouts a tin of freshly opened sardines. "Ohmygod, it really smells," Molly shrieked. Ten minutes later I found her and Rachel hiding in the guesthouse bathroom to escape the smell. Go figure. I love sardines. Both girls were warriors. That was clear. But earlier in the day, Molly had committed a major tactical blunder when she blabbed that she had to leave by 8 p.m. for work. Rachel knew if she held out until then, she'd win. Molly must have seen the steely resolve in Rachel's eyes. Sensing defeat, unable to bear the messianic ranting of a televangelist on the big screen, perhaps catching the scent of consolation barbecue sizzling on the grill outside, she straggled out of the guesthouse at 5:30 p.m. 3 hours, 15 minutes into the ordeal. "She (Rachel) really wants to go to Disneyland, and I have a season pass," Molly reasoned. Rachel could hardly believe her good fortune. She'd been in the bathroom when Molly gathered her belongings and bailed. Imagine the thrill Rachel felt when she opened the door to find the guesthouse empty. "I was confused," Rachel, who swims for the Cypress High swim team, said later. "I thought you guys were just messing around, trying to get me to come out." Nope. Beckman and Rachel it is. I'll report in intrusive detail on our big Disneyland date when it happens. Meanwhile, I've tentatively scheduled the wedding. It's July 18 at L.A.Unified School District headquarters.

 i just spent the last five hours figuring out electrolyte disturbances and how they affect the kidney... the good news is i still have more to cover. yay me... pardon me while i weep.

 you ever been so drunk you wet the bed? and i don't mean while you're sleeping, but standing over your bed pissing all over the place

 i used to pray ever night before i went to bed for a new bike... then i found out that god doesn't work that way. so i stole a bike and then prayed for god to forgive me thanks to chris

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY DANIEL

 PETA just doesn't give up... Welcome to 'Veggieburg' By Dave Graham HAMBURG (Reuters) - The German port of Hamburg has been offered $10,500 to change its name to "Veggieburg" by animal rights activists who are unhappy about the city's association with hamburgers. "Hamburg could promote animal welfare and court sympathy for animals by changing its name to Veggieburg," the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) wrote in a letter sent to Hamburg Mayor Ole von Beust on Monday. The German chapter of PETA, which claims 750,000 members worldwide, said the organization would give Hamburg's childcare facilities 10,000 euros worth of vegetarian burgers if the city changed its name. But city officials in Hamburg, Germany's second largest city which traces its roots the ninth century, were unmoved. "I cannot afford to waste my time with this. I don't even want to look at nonsense like this," said Klaus May, a city government spokesman. "But that doesn't mean we Hamburgers don't have a sense of humor." In its letter, PETA said the name Hamburg conjured up images of "unhealthy beef patties made of pulverized dead cattle. "Millions of people fall ill each year with fatal ailments like heart disease, cancer, strokes and diabetes from eating hamburgers," PETA said in the letter obtained by Reuters. The original "hamburger steak," a dish made of ground beef, traveled west with German migrants to the United States in the 19th century. The first mention of "hamburgers" appeared on a menu in a New York restaurant in 1834. Some historians trace its origins to a minced beef sandwich once popular with sailors in Hamburg. The city name "Hamburg" comes from the old Saxon words "ham" (bay) and "burg" (fortress). PETA recently made a similar offer to the U.S. town of Hamburg, New York. But their $15,000 bid was rejected.

 In Hamlin, W.Va., in January, a 19-year-old driver survived having her car hit by trains on two separate tracks (being knocked off one track onto another and then hit while on that track). She was in that predicament only because she had followed safe-driver guidelines by pulling off the road to make a cell-phone call, but the place she pulled off onto was a railroad track.

 what the hell is wrong with Texans... In Lufkin, Texas, in January, Cody Carver, 19, was sentenced to eight years in prison for impregnating a 13-year-old girl but continued to insist that he and the girl could raise their child "if the world would only back off." The girl's mother knew the pair were sleeping together, according to a Child Protective Services report, but since she herself had had a baby at age 14, and her mother had had a baby at 14, and her grandmother had had a baby at 14, she thought there was nothing unusual. In a polygraph test, Carver admitted that his sexual partners had included two other underage girls, as well as a dog that's just nuts... being a a greatgreatgrandmother at 56, greatgrandmother at 42, and grandmother at 28...

 holy crap, the ducks did it again

 after the ducks' stunning play the other night, i decided to submit a comment to urlLink The Sporting News and they would then have the luxury of deciding if my comment is worthy enough to display on their website... apparently it is: Choice Voice "If the Ducks keep this up, Anaheim will be the new sports capital of the world." -- Ben Birdsall, Anaheim, Calif. >>Submit a Choice Voice and i know i'm not from anaheim per se, but i figured by putting that i'd increase my chances of being posted...

 there's been a lot of complaints about how the US did nothing to prevent the looting of iraq's 5000 year old treasures... well, all that oil we we're guarding is over 65 million years old and is made from dinosaurs... that's actual dinosaurs, people!!!! so you tell me which is more priceless...

 urlLink funny stuff...

 simpsons: season 3...............august 26 futurama: season 2...............september 2 family guy: season 3..............september 9 damn, that's a lot of cartoons to buy

 there's a bunch of loud unattractive asian females who are my upstairs neighbors and apparently one of them is dating a guy... i guess they're getting more serious because he wrote "WILL YOU B MY GF?" in blue spray on the part of our lawn that is right in front of our patio/their balcony... is that supposed to be romantic? what a dork...

 ok, PETA is seriously going crazy... PETA Urges Hamburg, N.Y., to Change Name Tue Apr 22, 4:46 PM ET HAMBURG, N.Y. - A national animal rights group has offered Hamburg officials $15,000 to change the town's name to Veggieburg. "The town's name conjures up visions of unhealthy patties of ground-up dead cows," said Joe Haptas, spokesman of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, or PETA, in a letter faxed Monday to Hamburg Supervisor Patrick Hoak. PETA offered to supply area schools with $15,000 worth of non-meat patties for the name change. "Our offer is serious as a heart attack," Haptas said. Hoak immediately declined. "With all due respect, I think it's a delicacy in our community," he said about hamburgers. "We're proud of our name and proud of our heritage." The Buffalo suburb, named Hamburg since 1812, claims to be the birth place of the American culinary staple. Hamburg commemorates the birth of hamburgers at the annual Burgerfest. In 1996, PETA proposed that the Hudson Valley town of Fishkill change its centuries-old name to Fishsave, since the group believed the name conjured up violent imagery of dead fish. The town was named by Dutch settlers in the early 1600s. "Kill" is the Dutch word for "stream."

 i don't care about the preconceptions of Left or Right. i take each issue on its own merit and support the side that has the hottest chicks at their rallies

 i'm supposed to be studying, but you know how that goes...

 the earth might be coming to an end because i finally got a cell phone... i know, i'm shocked too

 urlLink chris... 1) yes, but she'll suck 2) no, because you've probably been drinking 3) yes, you faggot

 so i drank 6 beers and watched beavis and butthead and the family guy on dvd while i should have been studying for the boards... at least i'm still buzzin nicely...

 don't mistake the following comments for misogyny... 1) more men are mentally retarded than women but here's why: a lot of mental retardation is due either to faulty X chromosomes or extra chromosomes from nondisjunctions. so women give men crappy X chromosomes, or their meiosis is messed up... so women start messing with men brains from the getgo. 2) men are supposed to be dominant over women and here's why: no matter how many X chromosomes a person has, throw in a Y and you get a man...

 one quick note about the proscrastinator's convention that was supposed to be held tomorrow: it has been postponed. keep checking this blog for further updates...

 ducks just kicked detroit's ass in the western conference series, winning 4 games to NONE!!!! get out those brooms (i.e. in reference to the sweep they just performed)... hell, all LA/OC teams won today, even the clippers!!

 some mormon missionaries just came to my door because some dickhead probably gave them my address (they were looking for a guy named kurt)... but i listened to their spiel just because i wanted to know why they're called mormons: it's because the father of the angel that gave joseph smith the gold plates was named mormon. yea, i was disappointed too. anyhow, i told them to come back at the end of may because "i'll be away on rotations until then"... actually, i'll be sitting here til may 10th when i move out to LA. haha. and i told them my name was scott, so good times for all...

 so i got half of what i wanted next year schedule wise, so i'm going to try to change up some of the locations for my rotations... and i might have won a trip for two to jamaica or cancun, although i think it might be a ruse just so i can purchase a timeshare... but the best thing by far is: FAMILY GUY ON DVD!!!!!

 LET'S GO DUCKS!!!

 i was watching mtv2, hoping to see that stupid vitamin commercial again but instead i watched kylie minogue sway that nice lil ass of hers and that got me thinking... i should do one of my fourth year clinical rotations in australia. so, i've been finding applications all day... hopefully i'll end up going for six weeks in july and august and get a clerkship in gastrointestinal surgery. plus with those two months being their winter, i could get some snowboarding in...

 i just saw a commercial that said that i should stop wasting my money on hard pill vitamins because most of them don't get absorbed into your body. the spokesman (portrayed as a doctor, although you don't know if he's supposed to be a MD, chiropractic, or herbal doctor) then poured some pills into a glass of water and said, "this mimics your body." he then proceeded to stir the fluid with a glass stirring rod, although he only stirred the water above the vitamins and never actually moved the vitamins. then they showed a picture of the vitamins "2 hours later" with the vitamins still intact and used that as proof that hard pill vitamins are just a waste of money. they then showed their liquid vitamin mix and had some testimonials about how healthy these people are now that they use this liquid vitamin mix... i just have a few problems with is: 1) if you're going to mimic your intestines with a liquid, use a liquid that actually is in your intestines... highly acidic at first, then alkaline, but always full of digestive enzymes... and unless they have some funky tap water, i doubt they used anything near what your body secretes 2) if your intestines only swished around the fluid in their lumens, we'd all be dead from starvation... so the "doctor's" crappy attempt at mixing the solution was duly noted 3) last time i checked, it took about 8 hours for food to go from mouth to anus... so if you're only at 2 hours, man you got some massive diarrhea 4) how often do you find vitamins still intact in your feces? i mean, it's not like it's corn or anything 5) there's only two ways vitamins can effect your health: you're deficient or you're in excess. taking extra vitamins on a western diet will not make you healthier. and you're most likely not vitamin deficient unless you have some major symptoms, such as night blindness or loose teeth with bleeding gums or rickets... 6) never trust a "doctor" who earned his degree at a mini-mall

 school sucks... nuff said

 pete and i got a place in l.a., it's just south of santa monica blvd by the 405 in a section of l.a. called sawtelle. it's a really good location (right near brentwood, santa monica, and westwood), and the building is pretty new. i got my own bathroom this time around, and we have a fireplace. so make sure you stop by before i set the place ablaze...

 i like coldplay and all, but whenever i listen to their songs i start to get depressed... i just need to listen to some perkier music

 talking about how great emedicine.com is... BigCBall: can you sign off prescriptions for yourself b511b: not til i have a medical license BigCBall: i mean thru the website b511b: nope b511b: you'd have to go to a canadian pharmacy website BigCBall: nice... canadamedicine.com b511b: apparently canada is good for something

 i enjoy watching american idol... mostly when they get voted off. but i can't stand the little skits they do where all the contestants are shown hanging out together and singing and crap... just completely irritating

 some comedian on comedy central's "tough crowd with colin ferrell"-- i think i was born gay, but nine months of sucking on a tit cleared that up

 smoking is the only socially acceptable form of suicide

 hbo has a show entitled "autopsy" in which murder cases are presented and actual autopsy photos are shown. one particularly struck me the other day because it dealt with something my roommate pete and i joke around a lot with. there's a drug called succinyl choline which causes paralysis and is used in surgery... the paralysis is necessary because you don't want your patients moving around during surgery and the paralysis is completely reversible by an enzyme in your body. it used to be that anesthetics were used alone because they cause loss of pain sensation at low doses and paralysis at high doses. however, these high doses tend to cause more side effects. so instead, they use succinyl choline to paralyze the patient for surgery and then use anesthetics for pain. if you give enough succinyl choline, you'll eventually paralyze all the muscles in the patient, and this will cause them to die from suffocation. but you have to give a lot of succinyl choline for this to occur, because it gets rapidly degraded. so in surgery, they put the patient on a succinyl choline IV bag and a ventilator, so that the machine will breathe for the patient pete and i joke about this all the time... like if we're dealing with a patient that's being a dick, just inject him with some succinyl choline. need to look into a child's ear but don't want him moving all over the place? succinyl choline. anyway, about 15 years ago there was a pathologist out of washington whose wife had died all of a sudden. she was in her forties, had no chronic diseases (heart disease, diabetes, cancer), and was completely healthy. the coroner wanted to do an autopsy, but her husband said no. so she was being embalmed at the local mortuary when the coroner and the DA got a judge to order that the women be given an autopsy. since she was half full of the embalming fluid (formalin), the labs at the time lacked the equipment and tests to accurately perform a toxicology screen. so all her organs were placed in jars filled with formalin and the death was ruled as sudden unexplained death due to undetermined causes. 9 years later, some new tests showed up that could test the organs and they all tested positive for succinyl choline. apparently, the formalin had degraded the enzymes responsible for degrading succinyl choline, so the succinyl choline just stayed put. so he was then sentenced to life in prison. i just thought it was kind of funny that pete and i had always joked about using succinyl choline for "evil," when someone already had... basically the moral of the story is if you're going to kill someone with succinyl choline, make sure they get cremated

 ok, i'm gonna go on another rant, but this time it's not about the iraq war. this one is about cheap HIV drugs for africa. as you may or may not know, africa is home to 28 million of the 42 million HIV patients. some countries are absolutely devastated by this epidemic and rates of prevalence get as high as 36% of the population being infected. essentially what will happen is the whole middle-aged population will die off, leaving countries filled with the elderly and children. this will also lead to the evolution of naturally resistant people since these people will be selected for. some celebrities have taken this epidemic up as their cause and have demanded drug companies and the UN to provide anti-HIV meds to these countries for free or at low prices, a major demand considering these drugs cost around $12-15k per year. this, of course, sounds good in theory (just like communism). and sadly, a lot of people are getting involved in this movement, because frankly it's simply a horrible idea. i'm not saying this because i think these poor people should be forced to pay the same amount as we are, but because giving the drugs to these people will not help in the least bit. let me start off by telling you some important info about HIV: there are two major types, HIV-1 and HIV-2 HIV-2 is mostly seen in africa and is rather different in disease progression. It is not as infectious in the early stages of the disease, and oddly enough increases in infectivity as time goes on. both are retroviruses, meaning that their genes are stored as RNA. once the virus enters the cell, the RNA is released and an enzyme called reverse transcriptase converts it to DNA. this DNA is then used to make RNA for viral protein production and for inclusion in the new virus particles. this enzyme is inherently sloppy, so every day in every HIV-infected person every possible point mutation is occurring in the virus's genome. so basically every day an infected person ends up with 10 billion slightly different viruses. this allows for easy development of strains resistant to medication (some medications can induce resistant strains in as little as 2 weeks). what this boils down to is that HIV is a bitch-ass virus that will invariably become resistant to all medications thrown at it. this is why the current treatment regimen is to give three drugs at once, which can delay the emergence of resistant strains. and for some reason, HIV-2 isn't as susceptible to the current antiretroviral drugs as is HIV-1. this means that you either have to take a lot more drugs (thereby increasing the number of side effects) or taking larger doses (again increasing the number of side effects). so this is reason #1 that giving these drugs to the impoverished african people is a bad idea. reason 2: with HIV-2 becoming more infectious as the disease progresses, extension of these peoples' lives increases the likelihood of more infectious strains. so you'll get a population that is living longer but is more infectious. this could potentially lead to low risk exposures (kissing, for example) becoming higher risk exposures. reason #3: not all medicines can be kept out in the cupboard. this is especially true of a number of these antiretrovirals... they simply need to be kept refrigerated if they are going to work. and last time i checked, africa isn't a place that's loaded with refrigerators. reason #4: these countries simply don't have the infrastructure for administering these drugs. i mean, it's not like they can just give the patients their pills and let them go on their merry little way. these patients have to be constantly monitored to make note if any adverse reactions occur and if the drugs are even effective against the particular type of HIV that the patient has. reason #5: the people themselves. now i'm going to be generalizing a LARGE number of people, but it's safe to say that these people are from a different culture that has a very different view of medicine than we do. these are the same people that stoned three teachers to death because the people believed that the teachers conjured up some evil spirits... these spirits are the cause of the current outbreak of ebola. so they may be of the mindset that they only need to take medication when they are feeling symptomatic. this is the case in a number of non-western medicine cultures (read Medical Choice in a Mexican Village by Young and Garro). so the infrequent use of medication is a BIG concern. reason #6: comorbid exposures. i'm not talking about these people getting attacked by lions or crocodiles, but these people live in an area where they are consistently malnourished and exposed to malaria, tuberculosis, water-borne parasites, and other microbial diseases. these other diseases strain their ability to fight off infection and have been statistically shown to speed up the time course of HIV. so they die earlier even with the proper treatment. reason #7: failure of education programs. these governments simply don't put enough of their resources into education about HIV and because a lot of the people still have the belief that diseases are caused by spirits. but you can blame a lot of this on these governments' limited finances . this is the one area where action can be easily made. if the UN could finance education programs in these countries and provide condoms, then i think everyone will be better off. one study among prostitutes showed that those that always used condoms, none became infected with HIV as opposed to the 24% that became infected when they never or infrequently used condoms. so in synopsis, giving these people free/cheap drugs is a nice idea, but won't work. all you'll end up with is the emergence of resistant strains that could possibly spread throughout the entire world because these countries don't have the infrastructure and financial resources to make sure these infected people get the treatment they need. sure, the drug companies could come up with new drugs, but at a cost of $0.5-1 billion dollars per drug and a 10 year time frame for a drug to go through all the necessary clinical trials, it just isn't likely. plus as of now, once you're infected you're basically counting down the days until you die. there is no cure, and all these drugs do is extend life. they might decrease the chance of infection, but they're not nearly as effective as a cheaper alternative: a condom... so the synopsis of the synopsis: don't be a fool, wrap your tool

 you can get rid of bedbugs by putting cockroaches in your bed. you can get rid of cockroaches by putting toads in your bed... might be easier to sleep on a wooden plank. now just watch out for termites...

 slot machines produce a gross profit margin of about 70 cents on the dollar even after the state gaming tax Anheuser Busch owns a stake in Corona beers

 my blog is a lot like porn, only with slightly less sex

 BigCBall: would it be wrong of me to sit out in my front yard... and drink beer alone? b511b: don't forget, god is always around... so you wouldn't be alone BigCBall: hey ... you got a good point there

 urlLink this is the most disgusting yet hilarious animal cracker i have ever seen

 combine an electron and a positron (an anti-electron), you get 2 gamma ray photons... so what happens when you put pasta and antipasta together?

 i hold great disdain for vegetarians, especially vegans and the like who claim that killing an innocent living thing is wrong. to which, i reply, "and a plant isn't an innocent living thing?" and "besides, i'm hungry and those animals are better off dead." but what really emboldened my disdain of vegetarians (except for those that are doing it to lose weight) was this recent news story... Vegan parents on trial for baby's severe malnutrition When Silva gave birth to a daughter, Ice, in July 2000, they put the newborn on the same plan. Instead of breast milk or baby formula, Ice Swinton got herbal tea, flax seed oil, fruit juices and a homemade soy drink. The result, authorities say, was a health catastrophe that rises to the level of a crime. At 15 months, the girl weighed only 10 pounds and had no teeth. She could not sit up or talk and had a swollen abdomen. Doctors diagnosed her with severe malnutrition and rickets, and the Queens district attorney said it was one of the worst cases of neglect he'd seen. Her parents are now on trial in Queens Supreme Court on first-degree assault charges that could land them each in jail for 25 years. The Swintons, both 32, maintain they are loving parents who doted on Ice and thought the diet was best for her and her little brother, Ini, who was born after the couple's arrest. Both children are in foster care. In his opening statement last Tuesday, Silva Swinton's attorney, Christopher Shella, told the jury of nine women and three men, "At the end of the trial, you'll find that the choices they made were not criminal, but human." The Swintons may take the witness stand in their own defense later this week. According to her lawyer, Silva Swinton suffered from medical problems, including obesity, before becoming a vegan. Both parents were suspicious of doctors and medicine, and Silva Swinton delivered Ice at home. The girl weighed three pounds, according to a bathroom scale, Swinton later told a social worker. The Swintons also refused to have their daughter immunized. The prosecution's case has focused on the severity of Ice's medical problems and her parents' apparent lack of concern. The doctor who examined Ice in November 2001, after an anonymous tip about neglect led to the intervention of children's services, testified last Wednesday that the girl, then 15 months old, looked like a newborn. He said her spindly arms and legs were bowed by rickets, her belly was distended and her skin covered in "the worst diaper rash you ever saw." Ice "looked like someone you'd see coming out of a famine in a far-off country," Dr. Jay Berger of Long Island Jewish Hospital testified. The EMT who took Ice to the hospital told jurors her hair was matted and filthy and her fingernails were so long and dirty as to resemble "claws." The girl spent nearly four months in the hospital and in a rehabilitation center. Another physician, an expert in childhood malnutrition, testified Monday that Ice was "at a severe and critical risk of dying" when removed from her home. Dr. Roy Brown also said Ice may be dogged throughout her life by developmental delays caused by a lack of nutrition to the brain during her infancy. Prosecutor Eric Rosenbaum also called a nutrition expert and practicing vegan who said the couple did not seem to be practicing a mainstream vegan diet. Amy Joy Lanou, of the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine, said that vegans are encouraged to breast feed their children or use a manufactured soy-based formula instead. She also pointed out that the Swintons gave the baby cod liver oil, an animal product vegans avoid. Throughout the testimony, Silva Swinton, who is free on $20,000 bail, and Joseph, who remains in jail, whispered to each other at the defense table and wrote notes to their attorneys. Some prosecution witnesses have described the couple as deeply caring but oblivious. A doctor who treated Ice said the couple expressed "paranoid themes" about the hospital's treatment of their daughter, but also seemed loving. The mother, the doctor testified, was taking care of Ice "according to her belief" without realizing the harm done. A social worker who insisted Ice go to the hospital testified Monday that while she had grave concerns about the girl's health, she was certain the parents were devoted. "I was really going to try to work with the family. The mother and father obviously do love their child a lot," said social worker Kelly Harris. Shella and Joseph Swinton's lawyer, Ronna Gordon-Galchus, have suggested both that the Swintons did not realize the danger of the diet and that Ice's problems have more to do with her premature birth than with malnutrition. the baby's bloated abdomen is a syndrome called kwashiorkor in which the diet meets the caloric necessities of the child, but it does not have enough protein in it to allow for the synthesis the major blood protein albumin. one of albumin's key functions is to hold onto water in the blood, so lack of this protein causes water to leak out into the belly... and true, these horrible people weren't true vegans (because of the cod liver oil thing), they're still crazy vegetarians... oh yea, they both got 5-6 year sentences...

 update over the past couple of days: been studying some, got a haircut (i actually look like the ben of old), and i got a sunburn... so that's basically been my life over the past 5 days. damn, what a crappy life

 total lunar eclipse tonight around 9:00... totality will end around 9:06, so be sure to watch it. you'll know it's the total eclipse when the moon looks red

 riding a moped is a lot like riding a fat chick... it's fun until your friends catch you

 happy bday to me

 after today's final, i'm officially halfway through medical school, plus i have a pitcher of beer running through me... DAMN DO I FEEL GREAT!!!!!!!!

 that was an odd final to take... first off, it was in groups and it was open note and open PDA. so good times. but we were presented with three patients and we had to write hospital admission orders... what a pain in the ass

 Man Slices Own Head Off in Supermarket Suicide Wed May 7, 9:17 AM ET JOHANNESBURG, South Africa (Reuters) - A South African man died trying to cut his own head off with a butcher's band saw in a major supermarket, police said on Wednesday. Superintendent Jay Naicker said the Shoprite Checkers store in Richards Bay had been ready to close on Monday when the man wandered in and headed for the meat department. "He just walked in, went to the band saw machine and switched it on," Naicker told Reuters. "Apparently he knew what he was doing. He put his neck to the blade and it cut about half way through before he fell to the floor." Naicker said the man, later identified as 31-year-old Emmanuel Gumbi, was pronounced dead at the scene. He said police had turned up no motive for the suicide, which stunned staff and shoppers at the store in northern Kwazulu-Natal province. more proof to the fact that men kill themselves with more lethal means... i think women are afraid of inflicting pain on themselves, so they figure, "i'll just take a bottle of aspirin... that'll kill me quick and painless." if by quick you mean a week later from liver failure and by painless you mean chock full of hearing loss, nausea, vomiting, hyperventilating, a high fever, and possible neurologic abnormalities...

 there's only so much you can read about cardiac dysfunction before you just want to shoot yourself...

 ok now i'm fucking pissed off... it turns out that on april 23, unwritten law played a FREE SHOW AT MY SCHOOL!!!!! damn it... stupid med school

 congrats to the ducks on their first trip to the conference finals... i was just glad to see dallas get a taste of its own medicine when their goal was disallowed. i still think their last goal should have been disallowed too...

 i took a final for behavioral sciences today... i think i did alright. but i found out that one of my classmates failed the final on physical exams... i'm surprised anyone failed it because we've been doing physical exams since the first week of september and we're supposed to be exposed to this crap since january of last year while we preceptor (i.e. follow a doctor around)... and it's not like it's hard to do or anything, sure they make you do crap no doctor does but just go over it before the test and make sure that you get a routine down. so although i was surprised someone failed it, once i found out someone had failed, i was able to guess who it was... then again, anytime anything goes wrong or someone does poorly, i assume it's him...

 Happy Drinko De Mayo... Let us celebrate the independence of 6-Packistan

 apparently you can patent anything, because someone decided to patent shining a laser in front of a cat so that it will chase the dot... this is then exercises the cat. but this also applies to any other animal that has a chase instinct. read more about it urlLink here

 A 17-year-old boy lost sight in both eyes in a "potato gun" accident in Denton, Texas, in April. The "gun" (a length of pipe in which a household explosive is ignited, propelling a potato out the other end, although in this case, it was not a potato but a frog) was being experimented with by several teenagers but failed to fire, and the victim, who had been a mere bystander, stepped up to have a look down the pipe to see what might have gone wrong, just as the gun finally fired. Jeannie M. Patrinos, 32, was sentenced in February to five years' probation for sexual assault. A judge in Lancaster, Wis., found that Patrinos, who was estranged from her husband, broke into his home, climbed into bed with him, and was "having sex" with him, against his will. The husband's girlfriend was asleep in the same bed, until the man's protests woke her up.

 it's a very sad day today considering the man that wrote the greatest theme song ever, "The Ballad of Gilligan's Island," has passed away at the tender age of 83. this is an especially sad day for me, considering i have that song as my ring tone...

 the current trend in insect control is by using other organisms to kill them off instead of spraying large amounts of chemicals (like they did in the early 90s with malathion in so cal... by the way, malathion is the insect equivalent of sarin nerve gas)... the US dept of agriculture has been working on a way to control the fire ant and have bred the phorid fly. this fly injects its egg into the abdomen of the fire ant, and once the egg develops into a maggot it burrows its way to the ant's head, where it then eats the entire contents. since the ant's head is really only there for vision and eating, the ant then stumbles around for a few days until its head falls off. a few days later, the maggot emerges from the head as a young fly. it's really quite an interesting sight, and you can check it out urlLink here ... you don't actually get to see the head drop off, but when the fly injects the ant with its egg, it's freaking quick...

 Couple homeless after fire and flood triggered by cat A German couple have been left homeless after their pet cat flooded the property, which then burned down. Elsie and Walter Kochentopf's cat Robbie had been playing with the bath tap and accidentally switched it on. The couple only noticed when they stopped cooking in the kitchen and went into the front room to watch television - where they saw water dripping from the ceiling. The water had already flowed down the stairs and had started to fill up the cellar. In a bid to save some of their possessions the couple started to evacuate the cellar, and forgot about the dinner cooking in the kitchen - which started a fire that destroyed the kitchen and hallway. The couple and their cat are now homeless while repair work on the damaged property is carried out.

 supposed to be out, celebrating daniel and chris' birthdays... instead, i'm learning pharmacology...

 all this studying has warped my fragile little mind... but on the plus side, it appears i actually remember a lot of the stuff i've been taught over the last two years because i took a practice board test without any previous studying for the boards and i came very close to passing. so yea, i failed it but just barely... i think after a month of solid study i'll freaking rock that test....

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHRIS

 i go out of my way to not treat women like objects... but that means i end up treating objects like women

 ok, so last time they switched my to the new blogger, my blog was fucked up... so i'm a little nervous about posting. anyways, my first week of orientation is over and i'm getting used to the whole ucla thing. i just got cable and internet like a half hour ago, so i'm finally able to watch tv and go online... but i'm so fricking tired. good thing i only have 7 more years of this crap...

 funny thing, those electrons. so small, yet so powerful. easily lost or gained, but still able to prevent me from sticking my finger into the wall... and they only exert their effects over small distances. gravity's pretty cool too, and works on a much larger scale. (if you're wondering where i'm going with this, you'll see in a sec) ever notice that if you, or someone else if you prefer, were to jump off a 9 story building, gravity will have you back on the pavement in 3/4 of a second. but it's those darn electrons that prevail in the end and keep you on the pavement... otherwise you'd be on your way to the center of the earth. don't know why i thought of this, but i did... it'd probably be best if i met some girl so she could distract me enough to prevent me from writing this crap, but girls never seem that interested in me when i'm out and about... oh well.

 i figured that with the week left of vacation that i have, i'd go to the beach, get tan, and do some swimming... well, it was incredibly overcast. i basically swam in freezing cold water... lots of turtleage going on (like when a turtle puts its head in his shell when scared... an unpleasant visual but very accurate). so i came home and laid out in my backyard and got a bit burned... getting skin cancer is so much fun!!!

 my mom showed me this nice little article from the OC Register in which it said how mexican vanilla extract may not be true vanilla due to their lax labelling laws... so the vanilla you get from mexico may be real, imitation, or not even vanilla but instead distillations from the tonka bean. now here's where it gets nasty: the tonka bean is loaded full of coumarins. "what the hell is that?" you say. well, coumarins are a class of molecules that are anticoagulants (i.e. they make you bleed) by inhibiting your liver from making the vitamin K coagulation factors. so basically you can't clot your blood. now you may think that you need not worry as long as you don't get cut, but let's think about that for a minute. basically everything you do can cause you to bleed. eating... acid gets secreted, so you could develop ulcers in your stomach or small intestine. walking... you're putting a lot of weight on your joints, so bleeding into joints is a serious problem. sleeping... you... uh... could... uh... fall off your bed and land on something sharp. so anyhow, coumarins are used in medicine for this purpose. the principle one, warfarin, is used in long term treatment of lung clots, deep vein clots, and congenital pro-coagulation states (factor V leiden, prothrombin 20210A), as well as in therapies for people post-heart attack and post-stroke. but coumarins are also used in rat poison. rats can't vomit, so they have to absorb it and then they bleed to death. you can treat coumarin toxicity by taking vitamin K, but have fun getting it yourself cuz it's the only vitamin not sold over the counter. the only other way to treat it is to get infused with fresh frozen blood plasma at a couple thousand dollars per bag... basically, go to the doctor either way. but good times, and just watch where your vanilla extract came from. (the vanilla rum that i made had madagascar vanilla beans, so it was ok)

 i got back from taking the boards like an hour and a half ago...they were supposed to take 8 hours, but i was able to finish it with 3 hours to spare. there were 7 sections of 50 questions each, and you can take a break after each section but i decided to go through 4 or 5 sections before i took a break. then i came back and did a few more sections and decided that i should eat lunch cuz i was making excellent time. so after i spent 10 minutes eating lunch, i went back in and started up again only to find out that i had finished it... maybe i should have kept track of how many sections i had gone through. but all in all, not bad...

 i found out that my aunt died recently from old age... she was 104. i got the glorious job of cleaning out her house, so i called up my cousin stu to help me. "Aunt Tique died," i told him, "she was 104." "wow, really?" he said amazedly. "how'd she die?" "uhh, her parachute didn't open... seriously stu, she was trampled at Ozz Fest... her harley flipped over on the 405... she scored some bad crack and they found her in Compton... she died giving birth, stu... how'd she really die? she turned 104, the whole family got together, we took a vote, and we shot her..." that was a joke, by the way

 i just watched this tv show on channel 11 that was an IQ test... i scored a 130. so had this been a mensa IQ test, i would have been accepted... but instead, i'll go back to studying medicine

 i feel sick to my stomach after watching the ducks lose, but i have to commend them on a valiant effort for all that they've done during these playoffs... and i'd like to thank them for reinvigorating my interest in hockey. CONGRATS DUCKS!!!

 US News just came out with their best and worst jobs of 2003. while the best job didn't change, the worst job did... last year it was "Assistant Crack Whore," whereas this year it's "Crack Whore Trainee."

 oh yea... last night's ducks game was great, my dad's finger is doing a lot better, i found a new beer, and i'm taking the boards this week. so my life's been quite interesting

 OH THANK GOD... that was a scary couple of days... that would have been two years of inanity lost. but now i lost those last three blogs i did, so i'll just post them here... Thursday, June 05, 2003 somehow with blogger converting over to this new posting interface all my previous blogs were lost and i don't know how to bring them back... ARRRGGGGHHHH posted by Ben Birdsall at 4:53 PM [edit] oh yea, a happy belated birthday to my blog... it's been a glorious 2 years. posted by Ben Birdsall at 11:51 AM [edit] what the hell happened to blogger? this new posting interface will take some getting used to posted by Ben Birdsall at 11:46 AM [edit]

 well, my dad nearly severed his finger off today at work. he's a diesel mechanic at a construction company in brea, and he was jacking something up when the cylinder in the jack broke and it came down. the distal phalange (the very end bone) of his right middle finger was practically crushed between the jack and the lever. he ended up with 8 stitches and he lost his nail... on the plus side, i now have access to vicodin

 in case you didn't know, the G-8 has been having meetings over the past couple of days. The G-8 is a group of the leaders of the 8 most powerful economies (United States, Japan, Germany, United Kingdom, France, Canada, Russia, Italy) whose combined wealth is roughly half of the world's total wealth. this latest meeting is on how to get the other half...

 SWEET MERCIFUL CRAP!!!! WHAT A GREAL GOAL!!!!... i'm rooting for the ducks, if you couldn't tell

 Rat Healing Raises Hope for Spinal Cure LONDON (Reuters) - Scientists said on Monday they were closer to finding a cure for people paralyzed by spinal cord damage, following the successful healing of an adult rat. Pilot trials for human patients will begin within three years, research team leader Dr Geoffrey Raisman told Reuters. "This is ground-breaking evidence because it will help people with spinal cord injury who have previously had no hope of recovery," he said. The trials will involve transplanting cells from other areas of the body into the spinal cord so they can provide a bridge over the spinal cord blockage and provide it with a channel to repair itself. Currently there is no cure for patients who suffer spinal and brain cord injuries, which depending on the severity of injury, leaves them paralyzed, without control over their bowels, bladder, blood pressure and with no sexual function. Scientists healed the injured spinal cord of a rat by growing a bridge of olfactory nerve cells across scar tissue, which acted as a guide so the severed nerve fibres were able to find their way to the right targets in the rat's brain. If the human pilot trials are successful, patients will be able to make important movements like reaching for and picking things up. The restoration of other functions like bladder control require further research, Raisman said. The pilot trials will involve transplanting cells from the patients' nasal lining into the spinal cord. "Until we carry out the tests in humans we do not know if it will work, but the organization of the rat's spinal cord and its control mechanisms that we have looked at are essentially similar to those found in humans," said Raisman. The trials will take at least three years to be carried out because the research team needs to be sure that the cells used for repair are present and in the right numbers, he said.

 here's how the chain of command went while i was on the wards (lowest to highest): med students, interns (1st year residents), 3 year resident, and then the attending physician. the attending is the one who's actually in charge of managing the patients, so what he says in terms of care for the patient is final. he's also the one who writes my evaluation. yea, well he's not going to write mine considering he passed away on friday from septic shock...

 Earlier this year in Mobile, Ala., Daina Sancho, 42, and Irwin Vincent ("I.V.") O'Rourke III, 14, were married after a several-months' courtship. Said the boy's approving father (of Sancho's infatuation), "If you've met the man of your dreams, why wait?" The couple live in Gonzales, La., but I.V. could not marry there until he turns 16; Alabama permits 14-year-olds to marry if they have their parents' permission. [Birmingham News, 3-30-03]

 it's a little early, but i've started looking ahead to next year and the schedule that i will have in terms of rotations. the nice thing about the 4th year is that it's all electives, so i get to pick whatever the hell i want. i do, however, have some requirements that i have to fulfill. one of which is having 30 weeks of rotations, 6 weeks of which can be either research or lecture (you can pick the type of research, and lecture-wise you can pick medical spanish, organ-based didactics, and a whole spectrum of other classes) and another 6 must be sub-internships. these subinternships (sub-i's) are basically where you're treated as if you're a resident, so they expect a lot more out of you. most rotations are 3 weeks in duration, i basically have to take 10 classes next year. here's my prospective schedule as i'd like to have it now (keep in mind i've only been exposed to pediatrics, so i don't know how i'll enjoy any other field of medicine): 1. Medical Spanish 2. Autopsy Pathology 3. Cardiology 4. Gastroenterology 5. Nephrology 6. Nephrology Sub-I 7. Emergency Medicine 8. General Surgery Sub-I 9. Trauma Surgery Sub-I 10. Infectious Disease 11. Neuropathology yes, that's one more than i'm supposed to take, but if i can't take medical spanish, i'd take neuropathology or vice versa.

 the protozoan Giardia lamblia causes diarrhea in people who were recently in a mountain stream. it is therefore given the term camper's diarrhea or beaver fever, because this protozoan is always found in beavers... it's funny though, i thought i got beaver fever when i went through puberty

 On June 28, as Orange County sheriff's deputy Owen Hall was standing beside a car he had stopped, he was shot in the leg with an arrow. After Hall pulled the arrow out and reported to a hospital, deputies combed the neighborhood and finally located archer Tri Thanh Lam, who had apparently been practicing in his back yard when an arrow got away from him. Lam was arrested, but he went free two days later when authorities realized that he had committed no crime, since the state's negligent-shooting law applies only to guns.

 my aunt's boyfriend called my house today, asking for my mom. but she was at work, so my dad took a message and i got to break the news to her that my aunt, her sister, has cancer. i actually asked my dad to let me tell her, because i felt i've practiced enough on delivering bad news that i'd be well-equiped to do so. after i told my mom of her sister's diagnosis, my dad said i have an excellent "bed-side" manner but it simply tore me apart inside to tell someone that...

 some thoughts on my (love-)life by NOFX Go away sunny day, Go away sunny day. All the horny people sitting in front of their tv and thinking, "What is wrong with me? Im not a monster. Why wont anybody fuck me, I dont wanna live life lonely, Why does everyone have to be perfect." Go away sunny day, Go away sunny day. All the barflies sipping whiskey, Fighting ever-present pity, Wondering what they keep sucking back for. Is it the drink or trepidation? Watching all trains leave the station, Left standing alone without a ticket. You light up my life You give me hope to carry on You light up my days And you, you light up my life Stop searching cause theres no answer, Just a long line of disaster. Theres no simple way to stop the sadness. Lifes not fair, Im glad its not this. Isnt heaven just a lonely planet On the verge of self destruction?

 i just learned that you shouldn't go down bear mtn express (the major run at bear mtn). that run's got a history. 35 people have died going down it, and some say you can still see their ghosts up there. it was on that very ski run that a group of students were killed by a wolfboy who escaped from a mental institution. you see, that ski run was once the bural ground for a band of vampire wichikah indians who ate the flesh of children with no eyes... yep, a lot of history on that ski run

 starting to get the hang of this whole pediatrics thing... plus i think my resident and attending like me more than the other med student, so that's always a plus

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY JOHN

 i was on call last night until nine, so my workday (and yes, it's work) yesterday was a lovely 14 hours long... so tonight i'm gonna try to fall asleep at 9:30

 ever feel just incredibly beat at the end of the day and then realize that you actually hadn't done that much? yea, that happened to me today after prerounds, team rounds, lecture, attending rounds, physical exam class, and then having to write up my one patient... although i did get to do an injection on one kid and take another down to xray... it's crap work but i enjoyed it

 holy crap... Driver Hits Man, Body Stuck in Windshield DELEON SPRINGS, Fla. - A motorist drove home about a mile with the legless body of a pedestrian in his front windshield before calling authorities to report that he had struck the man with his car, officials said. Deputies first learned of the accident, which happened about midnight Friday, from bar patrons who called to report finding two legs near the parking lot, according to sheriff's reports. With Joseph Markert's torso lodged in his windshield, Daniel Dradeen, 19, drove a mile to the home he shared with Ronald Brownie and Brownie's son, who called 911, the reports showed. Dradeen didn't stop to report the accident because he didn't have a cellular phone with him and Brownie's home was only about a mile from the accident site, Brownie said. "A guy coming through your front windshield tends to rattle you," said Brownie. Markert, 57, was trying to cross a roadway in DeLeon Springs, about 40 miles north of Orlando, when he was struck, the Florida Highway Patrol said. The medical examiner will determine if Markert survived the impact, but he likely died immediately, officials said. Investigators believe the legs were severed by the impact with the car, not the windshield. One of Markert's arms was also severed and was found with his torso in Dradeen's blood-covered car, officials said. Kim Miller, a spokeswoman for the highway patrol, said Dradeen was not impaired and no hit-and-run charges will be filed. She said the case is under investigation. "It's the pedestrian's fault. He was wearing dark clothing," Miller said. "The poor kid (Dradeen) was in the wrong place at the wrong time." Last month in Fort Worth, Texas, a jury sentenced Chante Mallard, 27, of Fort Worth to 50 years in prison after convicting her of murder in the death of man she struck with her car and left to die in her windshield in her garage.

 well, this week i will finally be completely responsible for the health and well-being of a patient. kinda scary... i mean, it's as if i've spent the last few years learning how to swim by only reading about it and now i'm gonna just jump in to the river... hopefully the current won't pull me under

 i was feeling pretty good about this weekend cuz after i went to the beach thursday, i came home to find that i had received my financial aid check. the following day i spent the day with my family celebrating the 4th at the los alamitos reserve base. me and the boys then went out to buena park where we made safe and sane fireworks more fun. after getting kicked out by the buena park pd, i went home and finally fell asleep around 1am. at 4:30, my parents' phone rang... it was my mom. you see, she had taken my car to work because the van was still full of crap from the 4th, and she didn't have much time to clean it out before she had to leave for work at 4am. apparently, while she was cruising down the 105, some guy in an suv didn't see her, cut in front of her, and then slammed on the brakes. she slammed on the brakes but still hit the driver and got pushed from the fastlane into the center divider's emergency lane. the guy then proceeded to drive off (we think he had either stolen the car or had been drunk)... so in the end, my mom's arm is hurt, my car was totaled, and i'm fucked since i have class monday morning... or at least i was, until my dad called his brother-in-law to see if he knew anyone that had an extra car. it turns out his mom has a 93 plymouth acclaim that she has as a backup car... so we bought that for 800 and now i have a new car...

 found out two important facts today... one, my work week is now 6 days on, 1 day off. two, i'm on call an average of once every 4 days. so that could mean i'm on call once every 3 days for a number of days and then once every 6 afterwards or something similar to that... so basically i got a lot of work ahead of me...

 now i feel even more important... i picked up my pager today. all for the low low price of $120, which basically translates out to $10 per month for a year. oh, best yet i don't get to keep it. yay me!! and the even better part is that on last thursday i had asked for my financial aid to be held at the financial aid office so i could pick it up and deposit it on the following monday (yesterday). instead, they mailed it monday morning to my parents' house... so they should be getting that in 3 to 7 business days. good thing i don't have rent and bills to pay or that this weekend isn't some major holiday. then i'd really be screwed... haha (in reality i'm sobbing). the worst part in all of this? this is only the beginning...

 things i've learned so far: how to start an IV how to inject into the skin for TB testing how to draw blood in multiple tubes CPR how to intubate someone (put a tube down someone's throat) cricothyrotomy (make a hole in someone's trachea because their pharynx is too badly damaged for intubation) read EKGs not bad for 6 days of orientation...

 you'll never guess who i ran into today at the hospital... if you guessed the zombie jesus, you're close. melissa kuo. she's doing an away-rotation here at cedars in infectious disease and she's about to move on to olive view hospital (it's near thousand oaks kinda). she's looking pretty good, too...

 i was watching the always funny dave attell on insomniac last night and here's a few of the phrases he said that i found to be incredibly funny: "my apartment is haunted... haunted with the screams of a million fat girls all begging me to call them" "i feel so fresh and confident, it's almost like this is a tampon commercial" "edgar allen poe and i are connected... i was born january 18, he was born january 19... so we're both capricorns. he married his 15 year-old cousin, i'm working on it"

 i bought some cds this past weekend, and i have to say that they're pretty good considering they're lesser known bands (other than rancid)... brand new - your favorite weapon. brand new - deja entendu. taking back sunday - tell all your friends. rancid - indestructible. i do prefer brand new's 1st album (your favorite weapon) over their 2nd, though...

 women have a 8.6%chance per year of catching herpes if they have sex with any random person, which averages out to 0.089%per sex act. men have a 1.5% chance per year or 0.015% per sex act... overall, if any person were to have sex with any random person, it would be a 5.0% chance per year or 0.05% per sex act. the reason for the discrepancy between men and women is that women have a much larger surface area of mucous membranes than men do, and vaginal mucous membranes tear much easier than penile skin. so that also increases the surface area capable of being infected by the herpes virus...

 urlLink check this out

 yesterday unfortunately was the last day of the gynecology part of my rotation, which sucks because they just started to let me do shit. like yesterday, as we were closing the abdomen, they asked me if i'd like to throw a couple sutures on the fascia. and the reason they asked me to suture was because i was doing such a great job at suctioning during the hysterectomy... plus they liked how steady my hands were when i was cutting the sutures. so i jumped on the opportunity to sew up the fascia and as i was doing it, the attending and the resident were just astounded. they called me a natural surgeon and told me that i should seriously consider going in to surgery, which is something i've been toying with for the last couple of months. so after the surgery, my resident couldn't stop raving about me. she even went and told the chief resident how impressed she was by my skill. she just couldn't believe that with my ability i'd never sutured human tissue before. then she went on to say that i'm doing an incredible job overall and that she wished i could stay longer on the service. then she gave me two 8-packs of suture thread so i could practice my knots at home... and after all that praise, i have to switch to night obstetrics. this blows

 i'm getting too used to waking up at 4:45...

 by the way, don't get me wrong i support breast cancer research. but while i'm on the subject of my pet peeves, just think of me next time you forget your seatbelt and again when your head goes through the windshield...

 today, i got a chance to sit outside and read while i was waiting for the surgery scheduled at 9:30. unfortunately they let people smoke in the hospital's courtyard, so it was rather unpleasant. but then i saw a married couple smoking together, with their 5 year old daughter standing right beside them. and i thought to myself, "that poor child." i then looked down at my book and noticed out the corner of my eye a piece of rebar that was barely sticking out of the concrete planter i was sitting on. that's when it dawned on me. when we are given the gift of a child, we need to go above and beyond to make sure that the child is able to take full advantage of the world. for example, if i were to build my own concrete planter, i would need some materials. notably, a wood frame, concrete mix, water, rebar, etc. if one of those components were to be defective, you can rest assured that the planter isn't going to last long. whether i set the rebar incorrectly, or the frame was angled to make the planter unstable, or whatever. and while this crappy analogy is barely holding together, let's think about it. by smoking in front their child, they're causing this poor little girl's lungs be exposed to horrible cancer-causing chemicals that do not only cause cancer of the lungs, but of the urinary bladder, breasts, cervix, and if she were male, prostate. she's at a higher risk of developing life-threatening asthma and of having less growth than her friends who are never exposed to the level of smoke she endures. plus, growing up in that type of environment only increases her chance of starting smoking and perpetuating a horrendous cycle of cancer, lung disease, and heart disease... and while i applaud the efforts of those who try to end breast cancer (which included myself a number of years ago), i feel we need the same kind of commitment for lung cancer and heart disease. you never see a "run for the cure" fund-raiser for either one of those, even though they are the leading causes of death in the united states for men AND women. now i just hope that little girl doesn't decide one day, "hey, i wanna be like mommy and daddy"...

 All the letters in our alphabet, in order of frequency of use, are: e t a d i n s h r d l u c m p f y w g b v k j x z q.

 i got to remove a tumor from a uterus today... so i'm pretty stoked about that. ok, so i like gyn, but i HAAAATE ob. it's not that delivering babies isn't fun, but there's a whole bunch of crap you have to deal with before the baby tears its way through the pelvis

 The family of teenager Amy Woods, who was left brain-damaged when hit by a car seven years ago in Springfield, Mass., will finally get to trial in their lawsuit, which names not only the driver who hit her but also a driver who didn't. Roger O'Neil, a repairman for the NYNEX telephone company, had just stopped on a residential street and courteously motioned Woods and a friend to cross in front of him, but as soon as Woods cleared O'Neil's van, a less courteous driver smashed into her. Woods' family said that if a driver wants to be courteous, he must be responsible for knowing that crossing the street would be safe

 important to note that Season 3 of the Simpsons will be on sale this tuesday...

 so today was a very interesting day. i got to the hospital by 5:45am to check on my two patients. turns out, one of the them had gone home the night before. so i basically sat around for twenty minutes after i had written my progress note for my one remaining patient. once the rest of the team showed up, i waited for them to write their notes and i told my chief about my patient. by this point, it was around 7:15 and i had done crap. luckily, i had my book and started to read. i was then going to write a pre-operative note on one patient who was scheduled for a 7:30 surgery but by 7:25, she wasn't there yet... apparently she was still at home. i then told one of the 4th year residents that i had an hour and a half lecture at 8, so she told to just come back afterwards and i'll probably get to scrub in at the surgery at 10. so it's 7:30, i figure i'll go downstairs to the cafeteria and get some breakfast since i have even more time to kill. breakfast consisted of a chocolate donut and a LARGE coffee, and i eventually waddled my way over to my lecture only to find that the doctor was running late and it wouldn't start til 8:30. but lecture actually ended up being only an hour long, so i amble back to the gyn floor, find my chief, and she tells me the 10 o'clock case has been postponed, so i should go read. i then chill at the library reading anything but gyn stuff, and go down to the cafeteria at 11 to get some lunch. i try to read my book during the hour that i'm in there, but CNN was on and well... i read half a chapter. anyhow, i get my lazy ass up and go to my next conference at 12 only to discover that it actually starts at 12:30. so i get to hang out in the midday sun for a change, and it felt great. after the conference, i paged my chief and she told me to go home. so yea, i basically did 25 minutes of work, sat through two hours of lecture, but was at the hospital for close to 8 hours... and i'm on call tomorrow from 8am until 8am sunday. ob/gyn is such a waste of time...

 better yet, in that joke just replace lyin' with lion

 my first patient at the LA free clinic was a 19 year old heroin-addicted dominatrix who said she had been doing it "for years" and been buying heroin off the same dealer for "ten years"... i wasn't sure if she was exaggerating those time estimates, lying about her age, or had truly done this crap...

 so ob/gyn is going pretty well so far. i'm on the gyn part, so i've seen two hysterectomies and a myomectomy (where they remove benign tumors from the uterus). plus, one of the physicians gave me his tickets to last night's dodger game... so i got to sit on the second level, between home and the third base dugout. PLUS i got free, reserved parking. but the bad news: i had to leave my apartment this morning at 5:50. i had almost forgot there was a 5:50. now the better part: i have to leave my apartment by 5:30 tomorrow morning. and then probably stay until 6 pm. oh joy

 if you didn't get that last joke, just read what the bartender said aloud to yourself and listen to the words outside of the context of the situation... get it?

 so a man walks into a bar with a giraffe. he orders a pitcher of beer for himself and another for the giraffe. they both guzzle down those, and the man keeps on ordering pitcher after pitcher until the giraffe passes out and lies motionless on the floor. the man then gets up and heads for the door when the bartender yells, "HEY!! you can't leave that lyin' around here!!!" to which the man replies, "that's a giraffe, you idiot!"

 real quick: had a kick ass weekend, and i got to test drive a hummer and a corvette. but i really love the new chevy truck with quadasteer.

 don't forget that no matter how crappy life gets, no matter how much of a struggle you have to put up just to get to the end of the day, that there's always beer

 On land, sea lions walk, seals crawl.

 Four of five 11-year-old girls nationwide think they're overweight. considering half of americans are overweight, two of those girls are dead-on, but the other two are just crazy

 i haven't had a real blog in a while, so here's a short one. my family minus michelle and i are in ohio visiting my mom's sister and burying the ashes of my great-grandma. sounds like there should be a party at my house, but i'm too tired for anything. oh yea, this is also my last week of peds. i start ob/gyn on monday, so i'll be up to my elbows in vah-jay-jay for the next six weeks. the crappiest part is that while ob/gyn docs are generally man-haters, the director of the ob/gyn rotation that i will be doing is dr. michelle bergman of the discovery health tv show, "bergman and bergman." that show is basically a sex-oriented oprah-esque show, so i just hope she's not a nazi feminist

 in charleston, w.va., a 30-year-old man was sentenced to probation for entering a funeral home's living nativity scene last Christmas and having sex with one of the sheep

 It turns out that different placebos have different efficacy... capsules containing colored beads are more effective than colored tablets, which are superior to white tablets with corners, which are better than round white tablets. Beyond this, intramuscular saline injections are superior to any tablet but inferior to intravenous injections. Tablets taken from a bottle labeled with a well-known brand name are superior to the same tablets taken from a bottle with a typed label. One doctor is reported as always handling placebo tablets with forceps, assuring the patient that they were too powerful to be touched by hand.

 a great thing happened yesterday and i had never thought anything like this would have happened to me. as i was walking to my car, i was wearing my scrubs, my stethoscope, my pager... my whole doctor getup. well, a car drove passed me with a little boy in the passenger seat and he waved at me. so i smiled and waved back. you should have seen that boy's face light up. he turned to his mom as if to say, "wow, that doctor waved at me." and you know what, that was a truly great feeling. i expect cops and firemen to get that a lot more often, but now i know how that feels...

 i found out i got a $12000 scholarship over the weekend because my parents don't make enough money. so i had to write a thank you note to the person who donated the money. that person? senator edward kennedy of massachusetts. i wonder if he knows i'm a republican...

 "Gravel" is rounded rock fragments an eighth of an inch to a foot in diameter. By size, they're "pebbles," "cobbles" and "boulders," all gravel. A redwood tree's roots are only 5-6 feet deep. What keeps the tree from falling, though, is how widely the roots spread. Over an acre. Each redwood is anchored on its own platform of roots

 The Salon Mexico restaurant in New York City introduced a $45 burrito in July, with a filling of filet mignon and truffles

 haha... just did a spinal tap

 i saw a headline yesterday on Yahoo that read, "Large Wild Fire Leads to Evacuation of 1800 in Canada." to which i thought, "wow, that' like half the population of Canada."

 it's day 2 of surgery orientation, and i've been sick since yesterday morning. orientation blows, but i'm really looking forward to monday when i actually get to do surgical stuff. hopefully i'll get over this cold soon enough...

 have you ever been with a large group of people and wanted to talk about something completely disgusting without making yourself look like a pervert? well, preface your statement with the following phrase, "according to an article i read..." this way you can say "according to an article i read, the best way to get peanut butter off your balls is to have your dog lick it off" and not feel like a social outcast... enjoy

 the mohawk did start out by the native americans, only they didn't shave it... they plucked it.

 guess who i saw today? future governor of california gary coleman!!! it was great.

 oh glorious day!!! today was my last day on ob/gyn!!! never again will i have to deal with these people who claim to be surgeons but aren't... until i have children of my own

 my dad witnessed a murder today... want more info? you'll have to IM me

 autumn began today at 3:47am

 WORLD'S EASIEST QUIZ (Passing requires 4 correct answers) 1) How long did the Hundred Years War last? 2) Which country makes Panama hats? 3) From which animal do we get catgut? 4) In which month do Russians celebrate the October Revolution? 5) What is a camel's hair brush made of? 6) The Canary Islands in the Pacific are named after what animal? 7) What was King George VI's first name? 8) What color is a purple finch? 9) Where are Chinese gooseberries from? 10) What is the color of the black box in a commercial airplane? All done? Check your answers below! ANSWERS TO THE QUIZ 1) How long did the Hundred Years War last? *116 years 2) Which country makes Panama hats? *Ecuador 3) From which animal do we get cat gut? *Sheep and Horses 4) In which month do Russians celebrate the October Revolution? *November 5) What is a camel's hair brush made of? *Squirrel fur 6) The Canary Islands in the Pacific are named after what animal? *Dogs 7) What was King George VI's first name? *Albert 8) What color is a purple finch? *Crimson 9) Where are Chinese gooseberries from? *New Zealand 10) What is the color of the black box in a commercial airplane? *Orange, of course.

 my family went to maggiano's in costa mesa yesterday for my brother's 15th bday and it was pretty damn good. for $23/person, get a family-style all-you-can-eat meal that consists of two appetizers, two salads, two pastas, two main courses, and two desserts. we got, respectively, mozzarella marinara, calamari fritte, caesar salad, italian salad, fettucine alfredo w/broccoli, spaghetti w/meatballs, chicken parmesan, lemon herb salmon, tiramisu, and portefilinos... we were all stuffed. and we had leftovers for lunch today, because you can take home as much as you like. and i think there's some more fettucine left over too...

 Arrr, matey, arrr...

 wow... found out dave does read the blogs... shocking

 chris and david came out here last night to celebrate dave's bday, so we went to Q's. damn, there were some hot ass chicks up there. so even though i told him last night and he'll never read it here (lord knows he never goes online and if does, he has no idea what a blog is), HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAVE!!!

 today was a bit nicer seeing as i'm not on obstetrics anymore. i switched to clinic, and i have to say i do enjoy getting there by 8:30 and getting out around noon. although doing the pelvic exam on the 350 pound chick sucked...

 ok, so now i'm really bummed... i delivered a baby today (and when i say i, i mean i did it all) and it had infantile polycystic kidney disease. it's an autosomal recessive condition in which there is a defect in the PCKD1 gene, and basically your kidneys don't work because they're just full of cysts. now, amniotic fluid is made by the kidneys and the fluid helps the lungs develop. well, non-functioning kidneys = no amniotic fluid = almost no lung. so right after the baby was out and the cord was clamped and cut, it started turning purple. so it got intubated and taken off to the NICU... i doubt it'll live much longer. we knew it had polycystic kidney disease, but not all newborns with this disease have it this bad. some end up living normal lives, but the average life expectancy is a couple of years because their kidneys miraculously have some function. but we didn't know its lungs were jacked up. so i was concerned when it turned purple, but what really got to me was the look on the mom's face and her prayers... that almost made me cry. i just looked into her eyes and tried to solace her by placing my hand on hers. the tears were already flowing from her eyes when she told me, "thank you"...

 the poet Thomas Wolfe once wrote: "There is no spectacle on Earth more appealing than that of a beautiful woman in the act of cooking dinner for someone she loves."

 Heroin started out as a trademark name

 so i show up to work today to hear some crazy news... apparently, a 16yo girl delivered a cyclops baby the night before. she had shown up to a clinic yesterday afternoon, where they scanned her uterus and found excessive amniotic fluid. so they sent her over to cedars to be worked up, and we confirmed (i was already home by the time she presented, but my roommate got to work her up) that she did in fact have too much fluid. so as we were also checking out the fetus's heart rate, it was noted that it was very low. well, polyhydramnios (i.e. excessive fluid) + bradycardia (i.e. low heart rate) = crash c-section. so they rushed her into the operating room, called up the NICU team (i.e. neonatal intensive care unit), and proceeded to surgically deliver this baby. now, we had no way of knowing this fetus was a cyclops because (1) mom hadn't been to a doctor the whole pregnancy, (2) facial abnormalities are difficult to pick up on ultrasound, and (3) we wouldn't run a genetic analysis on the fetus because mom is young (most karytope abnormalities like Downs syndrome [trisomy 21] occur with maternal age>35) and it's a bit late in the pregnancy to be getting an amniocentesis. anyhow, out comes the baby and everyone freaks out... no one was expecting this. so the NICU team panics, intubates the kid (i.e. puts a tube down its throat) but has difficulty getting it in because its pharynx is all messed up, and whisks it away to the NICU. and mom does fine other than some high blood pressure. i saw the baby this morning, and it was nuts. small head, one gigantic eye, two eyebrows, and no nose. the eye was closed, and from the eyelid you could tell it wasn't just a simple giant eye but instead the eyes were fused together... pretend your fists are the eyes, now place your fists next to each other... kinda like that. this presentation is called holoprosencephaly and is found in Patau syndrome, where you have trisomy 13. this is the most rare of the viable trisomies (Downs [21] live the longest, then Edwards [18, they die by 1 year], then Patau... they die in 3 days) and in the 15-19 year old mothers group the incidence is 1/33,500. Holoprosencephaly literally means the forebrain is fused together, so everything that originates from the forebrain is fused as well. Now this explains the cyclopia because normally the two halves of the forebrain individually develop embryologic optic cups (i.e. primitive eyes) which start on the sides of the embryonic head near the future location of the ears and migrate towards the midline, while the nose actually starts near the forehead in the midline and migrates downward to its normal location. now in holoprosencephaly, failure of the forebrain to divide causes the optic cup to develop in the midline in the same plane as the ears. only now the embryonic nose develops directly above the optic cup, so the embryonic nose has no place to go and generally a proboscis develops (basically it's a lump of tissue that was to be the nose, but has no function). this child however, may have had a partial halving of the forebrain, which explains why the eyes look as they did. the family was unsure of what to do and being catholic, felt they couldn't pull the plug on the baby until they consulted a priest. so a priest or two came in, saw the baby, talked to the family, and the decision was made to baptize the baby, extubate it (i.e. remove the tube from its throat), and then let mom hold it until it expired. but before they could do that, the baby's dad, who has a history of seizures, saw the baby and what with the stress of having a baby and then seeing what he fathered, had a seizure in the NICU. so the NICU people called a code and other doctors showed up to make sure dad was ok. afterwards, they extubated the baby, sent it down to be with mom, and it died within a half hour from inability to breath...

 something came up recently, and now i need $50,000. so i figured i'd whore myself out to 1000 fat chicks for $50 a pop, or 50 really fat chicks for $1000 each. what? i'm not being insensitive. fat chicks need love too... they just gotta pay

 i'm a little out of it right now... i kinda just got off a period in which i spent 27 hours at the hospital doing OB straight through. the only time i got to snooze was when i was in a surgery at 4 o'clock this morning and they were trying to remove an ectopic pregnancy. it was hard to get any quality sleep during the surgery considering i was scrubbed in and was supposed to be assisting... but i've been sleeping since i got home, and i feel like crap

 i don't know if you've ever seen the show "scrubs," but it's a hilarious show and i highly recommend you watch it... anyway, the actor who plays Dr. Dorian (the lead character) was at a resort near santa barbara with his wife when one of my classmates and her husband met them while in they were in the jacuzzi. my classmate proceeded to tell him how great the show is and seeing as the show started right when we started our first year of med school, it's great to watch the same situations we experience and then be able to laugh about it. Dr. Dorian (i'll just call him that from now on) became really excited because i'm assuming most of the fans he meets aren't in medicine, but he started asking if we really had attending physicians that were as bad as on the show (the attendings are the full-fledged doctors, and yes, we do) and he asked if we carried the same books around in our pockets that he has to on the show... i enjoyed hearing about this story because it's not often you hear about a celebrity being truly excited to meet a fan. so in summary, WATCH SCRUBS, CHANNEL 4, THURSDAYS 8:30 i also just realized that i'm totally OCD when it comes to spelling, but i don't care so much about grammar (run-on sentences are my friend)...

 i bought some goggles today for when i'm in the operating room... don't want blood or other bodily fluids getting into my eyes...

 massive headache... need beer...

 A woman smiles with a closed mouth to signal she's ready to be kissed, but shows her teeth when she initiates a kiss.

 this is such an awesome story... a no-hitter is a news making achievement; a perfect game is historical (for those who don't know, no hitter means you didn't give up a hit but you either gave up walks or batters reached on errors by the fielders; a perfect game is no batter got to first the entire game... you can throw a no-hitter and still lose (e.g. walk the first four batters while your team ends not scoring at all) but you always win if you throw a perfect game) This Day in Dodger History September 9, 1965 Sandy Koufax reaches the pinnacle of his remarkable career as he fires what remains the only perfect game in franchise history, a 1-0 masterpiece over the Chicago Cubs before 29,139 fans at Dodger Stadium. Koufax, who had already thrown three no-hitters during his Hall of Fame career, struck out 14 Cubs, including the final six to come to the plate. One of the batters to strike out in the ninth inning was pinch-hitter Joe Amalfitano, who struck up a brief conversation with the next hitter, Harvey Kuenn, as he walked back to the dugout. "Be ready up there," Amalfitano warned. Responded Kuenn: "Save me a seat; Ill be right back." The game featured high drama for both teams as Cubs left-hander Bob Hendley nearly matched Koufaxs stellar performance by allowing just one hit Lou Johnsons bloop-single -- and a walk. The Dodgers run came in the fifth inning when Johnson opened with a walk, went to second on Ron Fairlys sacrifice, stole third and scored on the same play when catcher Chris Krugs throw sailed into left field. Koufax became the first pitcher in major league history to throw four no-hitters. One of the most dominating pitchers of his era, Koufax was inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1972 in his first year of eligibility.

 so i switched to the day shift this morning, and it sucks. mostly because i worked last night until 11:30, came home, had dinner, and then fell asleep at 12:30. i then woke up at 5 so i could get to the hospital by 6. i then worked for 13 hours... but i did get to deliver a baby all by myself.

 During the first 13 years of marriage, unhappy wives gain 42.6 pounds. So it's reported in one university survey. Not made clear is whether it's the unhappiness that makes them gain weight or the weight gain that makes them unhappy. Both, maybe. In that time, happy wives, it's reported, put on only 18.4 pounds.

 A disemboweled sea cucumber can grow new intestines.

 one of the second year residents told me a rather interesting story the other day. apparently a 20 year old woman underwent in vitro fertilization and became pregnant with triplets. as is the case with a multiple gestation, she went into preterm labor at 27-28 weeks (term labor is 37-41 weeks, postterm is >41) and gave birth to a set of identical twins boys and another boy. so basically they placed numerous fertilized embryos in her uterus, only two were viable and one of those just happened to split to form two identical embryos for a grand total of three. now here's the really interesting part. the identical boys have klinefelters syndrome (XXY) and both have an abnormal connection between their esophagus and trachea. the other boy was completely healthy. now, you must be asking, "how often do 20 year olds need in vitro fertilization to get pregnant?" the answer: beats the shit out of me, but a standard, bull shit answer is, "not very often." so this mom is pretty crazy as noticed by her desire to get pregnant using a $10-15k procedure, but she also named her boys chandler, joey, and ross...

 so after forcing myself to listen to the newest cd by brand new, i have to say i like it a lot now...

 according to kevin and bean, today is "talk like a pirate day." so here's a joke that goes along with that: what do you call it when a pirate sets fire to his own ship? Arrrr-son. thank you, i'll be here all week. be sure to tip your waitress

 in regards to the last blog, texas is a prime example of a place i'd seriously consider having a practice. this is because the cost of a practice and the cost of living is half of what it is in california AND salaries for physicians tend to be twice what they are out here. so what would be a good idea is spend residency and then the next 5 years out there, build up my bank account as i'm making at least 300-400k, marry a southern belle, then sell my property and practice, and move back to huntington. but to spend 10 years outside of california would be tough... especially in a state that is so flat. i don't know if i could stand every snowboarding trip being a pain in the ass to set up. i wonder how much physicians make in colorado...

 now that i'm seriously considering becoming a surgeon, i looked into the basics of surgery residency and found that residency programs generally have more spaces available than there are applicants. so if i want to go into surgery, i can. but here's the problem: i can try to stay in california and have to actively compete against incredibly qualified people, which would make it most likely for me to get one of my lower choices for residency (i.e. i'd like to train in long beach or irvine, but i'd be more likely to get fresno since there will be many qualified people going for long beach or irvine over fresno); or, i could go out of state. the midwest tends to have a lot of openings and great career opportunities, but i don't want to leave california. i mean, my whole life is out here. i have a hard enough time trying to hang out with my friends and seeing my family as it is and i only live in los angeles. imagine if i lived in ohio...

 so i had a celebrity sighting last night, but to avoid any breech of confidentiality issues i won't say where i saw this particular celebrity. all i can say is that i saw marky mark last night while i was at the hospital.

 so it's labor day, and while a lot of people get today off, i get to work. although i do have to come in two hours later than normal...

 Why did the zombie baby cross the road? To wreak an unholy vengeance upon the driver of the car who's standing there, scratching his head, trying to figure out how a zombie baby's head can be beneath his car tires but the rest of the body is nowhere to be seen-- unless he were to turn around and notice the zombie baby body bearing down on him, coming ever closer, ready with grasping, pudgy zombie baby fingers to tear and rend at the flesh of this self-same driver who ran his head over, on the dark and rain-swept road that snakes down from the castle of the madman who's creating an army of zombie babies to do his dark, libidinal bidding.

 What is it when a man talks nasty to a woman? Sexual harassment. What is it when a woman talks nasty to a man? $3.99 a minute.

 dude, i'm going over my old blogs from when i started and wow... i talked about alcohol a lot. i think more of it was fanciful daydreaming, because i never got drunk that much. i also think it had more to do with the fact that i had been 21 for only a few months and the prospect of purchasing liquor was still quite novel. oh well, tomorrow night will be fun...

 sex is one of the few things were you can be horrible at it but still have lots of fun... as for the other person, they may not appreciate your effort...

 i had an interesting conversation online yesterday. apparently, a girl that i gave a tour of ucr to while i was in my 3rd year, decided to go to ucr, become a tour guide herself, and eventually looked me up to say hi. now, i don't know if she reads this blog or not (she might be "anonymous," although she denied it when i asked her)... so i don't want to embarrass her too much. but she basically said she looked me up because i made such an impression on her that she really wanted to get to know me better. after talking to her for a while, i've come to the conclusion that she's freaking awesome... for being a stalker and all. but we have a lot in common, and i like where this is going... hope i'm not getting too far ahead of myself though

 so an internist (i.e. internal medicine doc), a surgeon, and a pathologist are all out on a duck hunting trip when the internist sees a duck fly by. he aims his gun and is about to shoot when he says, "that's duck, but i guess it could be a goose... or a pheasant... or a quail... or maybe one of those rare south american birds, but that's so unlikely" but by the time he says all that, the duck flies away. then the surgeon sees a blur fly across the sky and without hestitating he shoots and kills it. he then retrieves the bird, hands it to the pathologist, and asks, "is it a duck?" which basically sums up physicians. internists think their way through everything, oftentimes waiting too long before they can make a decision, whereas surgeons just shoot first, ask questions later. but the pathologist knows all...

 Did you know... 1) "Democrats Cause Cancer" 2) "Study: 92 per cent of Democrats are gay 3) JFK posthumously joined the Republican Party 4) Oil slicks found to keep seals young, supple 5) Fox News was going to sue The Simpsons because of a parody Fox News report that ran as part of an episode of the Simpsons last season in which the news ticker at the bottom of the screen displayed the above statements... how hilarious

 what's the difference between a urologist and an anesthesiologist? the urologist plays with the patient's penis during the operation.

 opportunityisnowhere... any thoughts?

 after reading how john messed up his dinner the other night, i couldn't help but feel compelled to write about a recipe i thought of a week or so ago. get some chicken, some hefeweizen, and lemon juice, preferably fresh squeezed. put it all in a bowl and let it marinate for a couple hours or so in the fridge. oh yea, and rub some salt and pepper on the chicken first... and make sure the chicken has skin since the skin tends to hold the marinade the best. after it's marinated, throw the chicken on the grill and voila. either absolutely delicious or absolute crap... i'm tempted to try it this week. and regarding the grocery strike, i supported them in the beginning... mostly because i was buying all my necessary food at stater bros. in cypress. but i've basically had to spend all my time in LA for the past week and i've crossed the picket line twice to buy food. but you know what? i don't care anymore. sure these people are getting the ass end of the deal with their medical insurance... but it's not like everyone else in the nation isn't having to pay more for health care. and frankly, groceries are not a luxury item. i mean, i ate today and i'd like to eat something tomorrow too. and there's only so much fast-food or dining out my wallet can take.

 ok, so my day's not too bad today... it's just that there's nothing to do. hopefully there won't be any trauma call and the laparoscopic cholecystectomy won't go to the OR, because then i'd have to actually leave the library. (note: laparoscopic procedures suck for med students because everything's done with probes and a camera, so we don't do shit). so i'm basically just killing time for right now, looking up lab values, doing some casual reading on surgical problems, and just waiting for the right time to go get lunch. my chief resident changed on sunday, and this guy is actually cool with us and wants us to learn. but he did tell us what we already know: the pink service (i.e. trauma) at ucla is a bad one for med students.

 this is really funny that i ended up being this particular irrational number because in 7th grade i memorized 2^.5 = 1.414213562... why'd i memorize it? because i knew the ladies couldn't resist a man who knows that... oh wait, that explains the complete lack of interest women showed me. damn...

 What Irrational Number Are You? You are &radic;2

 ever stop to think that Push Pops have taught an entire generation of children how to finger a small hole?

 In widely publicized criticism in August, the Arab League (22 nations, all of which are governed by monarchies, clerics or military dictatorships) charged that the new American-installed Iraqi Governing Council was illegitimate because it was not freely elected but consisted only of appointed representatives from various interest groups. The league's secretary general announced that Iraq's former seat in the Arab League would therefore remain vacant until the country has an elected government (which would then make it the league's only elected government). [Washington Post, 7-30-03]

 so i had an interesting week in terms of the ladies... interesting meaning it should've gone a lot better. during the week, i saw this one chick that went to ucr with me, and i've always thought she was absolutely gorgeous. well, she was in the cafeteria and she waved at me, but i had to go sit with my team for lunch. i was planning on going over after we ate and saying hi, but alas, she was gone. hopefully i'll see her again sometime this week. the other thing that happened to me was that i saw a certain ex at a classmate's bday/house party. she came with another guy, but i'm not sure if they just drove together or if they are together together. so yea, that party blowed. now i need to find a good party for halloween... any suggestions?

 congrats to the marlins on their 2nd world series championship. i am not a marlins fan, however, i do enjoy rooting for whatever team plays against the yankees... unless it's the giants versus the yankees. in which case, i hope an asteroid slams into the stadium.

 today was nice. we had trauma clinic this morning... basically we follow-up on them after they've been out of the hospital for about a week or so. i got to remove some staples, so that was fun. but since there's not a whole lot of patients for our clinic, the rest of the morning is colorectal clinic. seeing as i just finished 2 weeks of my colorectal rotation, i made a huge impression on the attending... yep, i played with more ass today. hopefully i'll get to play with some more tonight... but not too much drinking for me. i'm on call tomorrow. damn

 today we got our first OR case... what is this marvelous urgent procedure that actually meant i got to go to the OR? an appendectomy. hell, i saw an appy (short for appendectomy) in colorectal... this blows

 anal compulsive... as in wanting everything to be completely clean. stop thinking about it and go back to studying...

 i was talking to my neighbor yesterday, and she asked me to do her a big favor. i agreed, but i told her, "if i do this for you, i get anal..." i paused, she gasped, i continued, "you heard me, i want you to clean my car and make it spotless!" haha... get it?

 well, my first day of trauma at ucla and it blows... not because it's hard, just boring. we got one trauma call all day and the chick didn't even need surgery!!! i mean, what's up with that? although i did get to place a catheter in her. and here's another reason why i hate ucla: they schedule a tremendous amount of lectures for us, but they want us working here until at least 5. so when do they schedule this crap lectures? 5-6 or 6-7. it's fucking bullshit is what it is... i think i'm just extra cranky because i didn't get to eat lunch until 4...

 i'm not bitter because i'm single. i'm single because i'm bitter...

 i went to a new church today... very different from what i'm used to. very, very casual. but the sermon was practical, and there were a lot of cute chicks. plus i saw anna festa from cypress high school... she's married now. i didn't talk to her naturally, but i saw the ring and her husband. i hope there's more cute chicks next week...

 so i start the all-impressive pink service at ucla come tomorrow morning. and what do i mean by pink service? you'd think pediatric surgery, but alas, it's trauma. why is trauma the "pink" service? rumor is that this service, which runs from 6am to 6pm, made several horrible mistakes in regards to patient care which then lead to its demotion to pink from red. oh well. i've heard from other students that the pink service is incredibly light at ucla (probably because it's a bitch to get thru westwood in the middle of the day) and i hardly get to go to the OR... which blows. but that means i won't have to work hard, which is always nice...

 maybe 4 32oz. beers are way too much for me... and I'M SORRY CHRIS.

 just added a chatterbox... add a comment or 4

 MOTHERFUCKER!!!!!!!!!! damn yankees....

 in regards to all my failures in relationships, i remembered one more thing on my way home today. i wish i had tried to hook up with my roommate jeanette. that's something i truly regret...

 oh yea, for BMIs: weight in kg/(height in m)^2 >19--underweight 19-25--normal 25-30--overweight >30--obese >40 or >35 w/symptoms--morbidly obese and yes, muscle weighs more than fat so strong, buff guys have larger BMIs than they should if they were scrawny and had the same % body fat. it's just a limitation of the equation...

 i think the best thing you take from my insult-a-thon earlier is that when you are researching a medical condition on the internet, please take some things to heart. 1) if you have a number of symptoms, write those symptoms down. write down that you can't go up a flight of stairs without stopping and catching your breath. or that you've had 3 episodes of blood in your stool within the past week. don't write down stuff that only happened once a long time ago. and if you decide to write down on your symptom list that you had one episode of heart burn following a night of mexican food and beer, don't think that your "chest pain" is the same chest pain that the article you're reading is referring to. 2) look at the source you're reading from. emedicine, webmd, cdc are excellent sites. going to google and finding some article written by a PhD in god-knows-what from bangladesh is probably not the best place for medical advice. neither are testimonials. 3) look at the date of the source. oftentimes disease definitions and treatments change year-to-year 4) if you decide you have a disease, think to yourself, "am i likely to have this disease?" by this i mean look at the people who are affected by the disease ***epidemiology***. if you think you have tay-sachs disease, maybe you should think, "am i a jewish person from eastern europe?" if not, then maybe you don't have the disease. REMEMBER: COMMON THINGS ARE COMMON. the old adage holds true: if you hear hoofbeats, think horses not zebras. 5) maybe you should know what's normal before you figure out what's wrong. knowing what causes diabetes mellitus and how your body normally processes glucose is more important that a list of things that sugar can do to you... doctors are actually happy to find that a patient has done research into their disease. it shows that you're more likely to be a good patient and follow the advice we give you and take all of your medication. just don't be so set on what you've determined you have versus what the doctor tells you what you have. afterall, you came to us for our opinion and we didn't spend the four years of med school and 3+ years of residency twiddling our thumbs. we know medicine or at the very least who to contact so you can be treated. just remember to be honest with your doctor. it may be embarrassing, but we've heard more embarrassing things and seen people in worse situations. and finally, you may think that every cold you get is caused by bacteria, so therefore you need antibiotics. but there's a huge difference between the two. people who have a bacterial infection are SICK. you look at them and you just know they're sick. sure, you get the occasional person who presents with mild symptoms and has a crazy bacterial infection, but these people normally have a lot of other things going against them. so if after a week of a crappy ass cold you go see your physician, he'll give you antibiotics. why? because patients aren't happy unless we give you medication, specifically antibiotics. and true, there are a subset of people with a viral illness who need prophylaxis against a bacterial superinfection. but again, in all likelihood, it's not you. besides, with all the medication you take while you have a cold, you'll probably feel like crap for two weeks. without the meds, 14 days. so go ahead and do your research, but don't trust everything you read... except this.

 well, i can still root for the red sox to beat the yankees...

 sugar has gotten a bad rap, and for good reason. it's because of high calorie sodas, juices, and snacks that a majority of americans are overweight and 1 in 50 are morbidly obese (meaning your Body Mass Index [BMI=Weight in kilograms/(Height in meters)^2] is greater than 40). however, there's nothing more than i hate than bad science. and urlLink this , my friends, is BAAAAAAAAD science. or at least poor reporting of scientific information. so i'd figure i'd impart some of my own knowledge to counteract this MORON's diatribe. 124 Ways Sugar Can Ruin Your Health Contributed by Nancy Appleton, Ph.D., www.nancyappleton.com Author of the book "Lick The Sugar Habit" In addition to throwing off the body's homeostasis, excess sugar may result in a number of other significant consequences. The following is a listing of some of sugar's metabolic consequences from a variety of medical journals and other scientific publications. look at the references this chick uses... i doubt the San Jose Mercury News is at the forefront of medical journals. and the journals she does cite are either unheard of or are from issues from waaay back. Sugar can suppress the immune system maybe if you're diabetic Sugar upsets the mineral relationships in the body which minerals? what relationships are you talking about? Sugar can produce a significant rise in triglycerides considering a sugar load causes an increase in insulin secretion, which then causes the body to decrease the level of triglycerides in the blood, i wonder where she got this info. unless she's thinking about it the other way: low sugar causes the release of glucagon, which releases sugar and triglycerides from the liver... Sugar contributes to the reduction in defense against bacterial infection (infectious diseases) again, only in diabetes Sugar causes a loss of tissue elasticity and function, the more sugar you eat the more elasticity and function you loose uh, that's diabetes too Sugar reduces high density lipoproteins uh, no Sugar leads to chromium deficiency i didn't think chromium was that essential of a vitamin... even so, any data on these micronutrients are scant Sugar leads to cancer of the breast, ovaries, prostrate, and rectum are you sure you're not just making this shit up? Sugar can increase fasting levels of glucose HAHAHA. there's only ONE form of sugar your body uses for metabolism. it's called glucose. every sugar gets modified to glucose or if it can't, gets excreted. so if i were to give you any type sugar, your non-fasting glucose will go up. but your fasting glucose, meaning you haven't eaten anything in 12 hours or so, should only be elevated in diabetes. Sugar causes copper deficiency see my chromium note Sugar interferes with absorption of calcium and magnesium imagine this scenario. 100,000 years ago, a toddler is given a piece of fruit go to along with his standard diet of breast milk. but all that sugar he just ate interferes with his calcium absorption. next thing you know, he's got rickets and his bones are breaking like crazy cause he can't absorb the calcium. DAMN IT ALL!!! Sugar can weaken eyesight it's called diabetic retinopathy. it takes years Sugar raises the level of neurotransmitters: dopamine, serotonin, and norepinephrine got it backwards. dopamine, serotonin, and norepinephrine (norepinephrine=noradrenaline=one step behind adrenaline) cause an increase in blood glucose. besides, those neurotransmitters, especially serotonin, make you feel goooood. Sugar can cause hypoglycemia hypo-glyc-emia=low-glucose-in the blood. so by taking in a glucose load, i somehow am able to decrease my blood glucose. what is this, some glucose made of antimatter? Sugar can produce an acidic digestive tract sugars are inherently acidic. no way around it Sugar can cause a rapid rise of adrenaline levels in children you're making my head hurt with your idiotic rambling Sugar malabsorption is frequent in patients with functional bowel disease i've never heard of a functional bowel disease. Sugar can cause premature aging then cut every single last sugar from your diet. enjoy your early death. Sugar can lead to alcoholism yea, and smoking pot makes you a terrorist. Sugar can cause tooth decay finally, a valid point. Sugar contributes to obesity wow, two in a row. keep it up High intake of sugar increases the risk of Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis from "the essentials of general surgery," page 281:the exact etiology=cause of ulcerative colitis is undetermined but has implicated an infectious, inflammatory, genetic, and environmental etiologies. crohn's disease is practically the same. Sugar can cause changes frequently found in persons with gastric or duodenal ulcers what changes are you talking about Sugar can cause arthritis another disease with an unknown cause Sugar can cause asthma i also hear it will eat you and your entire family ok, i'm going to stop there because i simply can't make fun of this bull shit article anymore without having to thank this author. plus i'm starving and i think you all got my point. but if you any questions about any more of the feces that this woman is pouring out of her mouth, IM me and i'll set you straight...

 i was sitting in grand rounds when my mind started drifting to my last few years of life... i've spent my time watching tv, listening to music, drinking, watching porn, etc. basically just goofing off and not devoting my time to my education as i should. sure i learned a good amount of material, but i've done just enough to get the mean. nothing to be ashamed of, but nothing to be proud of either. and as i sit here, listening to some doc from medicine blabber on about ventilator controls, i realize that i don't want to be an internist, and i can't picture myself being a general surgeon either. So far i have more in common with the ER interns who are rotating thru our service than with the g-surg residents... So i'm thinking that at the end of this semester i'll switch my preceptor from plastics (which is a subspecialty of g-surg) to urology, try to hook up some research in uro, kick ass on step 2, and then pray this is good enough to place in a decent uro program. If this doesn't work, then maybe ER is for me. I was also reflecting on the women i've dated... how i wish i had the balls to ask jessica johnson out in high school or spent less time chasing after kristin or being so petty after my first gf in college humiliated me. or not being so desperate to be in a relationship that i spent about 6 months too many with heidi. or being so ready to ditch out on her that i jumped to the next girl that showed interest in me. or being so afraid of actually getting off my ass and meeting women that i blame my female woes on a "crappy schedule" that prevents me from going out. and now i feel it's this mentality that may keep me all alone for the rest of my life... i need to get motivated and keep motivated in my academic and personal life and then i got to thinking what powers i would have if i was a mutant, xmen style. i thought it'd be cool if one hand could form ice a la iceman while the other could do fire in a similar fashion. and if i put my hands together, i could form water and fire it out like a fire hose... now that'd be tight

 freakin' cubs...

 i've decided to give up medicine... my new job? CEO of the Milky Way. i hope the pay is good...

 those familiar with baseball know of the three great rivalries: yankees and red sox, dodgers and giants, and cubs and cardinals. well, the dodger/giant rivalry reached its zenith this year when some dodger fans sorta kinda shot a giant fan. but i just found an interesting tidbit about this rivalry involving the first African-American baseball player to play in the major leagues (before that they had the negro leagues): When the Dodgers traded an aging Jackie Robinson on Dec. 13, 1956 to the New York Giants for Dick Littlefield and $35,000 cash, Robinson balked at playing for any other club, especially the rival Giants, and he vetoed the move by announcing his retirement on Jan. 5, 1957 so i thought it was cool that he was so into this rivalry that he'd rather quit baseball than play for the giants... wish the players today had that mentality

 so i bought my halloween costume yesterday... i'm going to be a 70s police detective. so i went to the thrift store and bought some crappy light blue dress pants, a striped shirt, a striped tie, and a moustache. and with my cool sunglasses, all i need is some suspenders, a gun, a badge, and a funky wig... oh, and a coffee stain for my shirt.

 i'm thinking of going to oktoberfest this saturday with my sister, and i hear if you bring your own 1 liter stein they'll fill it up with beer for $8... mmm, i could really go for some bratwurst too. i was trying to get chris to go, but he has stupid best buy holding him up. what a crappy excuse. haha. so i'm thinking i'll go to oktoberfest with the sis, and then hit up a party some where... hopefully i'll find me a lady

 The Dodgers drew 3,138,626 and the Angels 3,061,094, marking the first time in major league history that two teams in the same market each drew 3 million fans

 today was a nice day too, but i didn't get to do much other than staple up a wound following excision of a large cyst on someone's thigh. i did, however, watch a 3.5 hour surgery where this guy had colon cancer. the cancer was pretty close to his anus (the anus is actually the sphincter and the 3-4cm (1-1.5") behind it), so they were unsure if they would be able to remove just the affected portion of colon and then reconnect the upstream portion to the downstream portion or if they would have to remove everything from where the cancer starts on down to the anus. once they got down there, they realized that they couldn't save his anus... so they removed it all. now he has what's left of his colon protruding through a hole in his abdominal wall where they attached a colostomy bag. it's funny in the sense that we were playing with a guy's ass for close to four hours, until you realize he's 47, lost his colon to cancer, and almost lost his prostate, seminal vesicles, and most importantly, his life...

 ok, so i'm on colorectal/ambulatory surgery and i know there's a lot of jokes to made at my expense, to which i'll allow in due time. but today was ambulatory surgery clinic and it was nice. basically we evaluate people who might need a surgical correction for whatever it may be... we may decide they don't need surgery or, better yet, that they do. if they need surgery, then we need to know if we can do it at the clinic or if they need to be admitted so we can go to the actual OR. my first patient was shot in the right thigh in june and luckily the bullet didn't hit any major structures as it passed next to his right femoral artery, exited his thigh, passed through his scrotum WITHOUT hitting a damn thing, and then entering the left thigh, where the bullet again missed his femoral artery, finally stopping right at the skin on the lateral aspect of his upper left thigh. they don't normally remove bullets when they first happen unless it entered a major structure/vessel because the removal of the bullet may actually cause more damage. so he's had this bullet in him for three months and it's been causing him a lot of pain... and damn, dude, just pressing on his skin you could wiggle the bullet around. IT WAS SO AWESOME. the second patient i saw today was by far the highlight of my day. he came in for a scheduled excision of two benign fat tumors that he had in his abdominal wall and the right side of his back. the resident drew a line over each tumor and had the patient lie down on the examining table. he then told me to put on my gloves, and i thought he needed me to assist him. Instead, he had me DO THE FRICKIN' PROCEDURE!!!! HAHAHAHA!!!! i was so excited. i injected the line the resident drew with so much lidocaine cuz i didn't want him feeling a damn thing, and then i cut through his skin down to the fat. the resident was surprised i was able to make such a straight incision.... RIVERSIDE REPRESENT!! haha, it was a great day today. and tomorrow i get some real OR time.... good times.

 just got back from vegas a few hours ago, and seeing as i was drinking, gambling, and sinning it up all weekend, i'm pretty freakin' tired. i thought it was 10:30 like 20 minutes ago... so tired. and i start doing colorectal surgery tomorrow. life's grand, ain't it?

 one last thing, yesterday while on the bus home my roommate pointed out this mid-20s guy driving a porsche. he stated that guy must have a killer job to afford that and how he wouldn't mind having a porsche. i said i can't picture myself in a porsche. he thought about it for a minute and said, yea, he couldn't picture me in a porsche either. but instead he pictured me in a late-60s chevelle or gto or a truck. and i have to say, i totally agree with that. so i've decided i will buy a chevy fullsize pickup with quadrasteer and an old pontiac gto. this way i get the cool muscle car and the practical truck for snowboarding, hauling lumber, and dumping bodies...

 i was talking with one of my married classmates today, and i don't think i could be married and in med school at the same time. it'd be just too hard. but i think part of that is that i'm still only 23 and i can't imagine being married at this age regardless... i still feel too much like a kid. but what i think is really weird is that my roommate is contemplating what he should do with his girlfriend. they've been together for almost 3 years, and she wants to get married. he wouldn't mind marrying her either, but he'd like to finish med school first. and while i understand his predicament, i can't help but think i wish i had this problem. i wish i had someone that i cared for so much that i would want to spend the rest of my life with... i mean, i'm a shy guy and so i've never been one to have loads of chicks around me but with my crappy schedule, i have no real opportunities to meet any girls. part of this is due to the fact that this portion of school is crazy hectic, but part of it is i don't really know where to meet any girls. i guess i'll just have to wait until surgery is done and i can actually go out. and i realize that i was in a committed relationship and then abandoned ship, but that relationship was destined to fail she wasn't what i wanted in a girl. she was more of the right-now girl as opposed to the right girl... anyhow, i'm gonna go get some thai food.

 feeling a bit better, which is good. surgery orientation still sucks, but luckily today's afternoon portion was cancelled. otherwise i'd be in a tad fouler mood. i just have to say one thing about westwood/ucla... DAMN, are there some hot women here. i'd like to find a place to meet them (party, bar, etc.), but with my crap schedule, i don't have much time for socializing with the opposite sex. hopefully vegas this weekend will be beneficial in that department.

 forgot to mention that the night i saw the matrix chris, vinicio, and i stopped off at the mad greek in corona and ran into kristin's grandparents (the girl i took to winter formal and the prom and then subsequently quasi-dated for the next 2 years or so). well, they go to my (old) church where my dad still attends and they told him that kristin is getting married this saturday... to a late 20s half-black, half-mexican man who already has 3 kids. i've only met the man once and i haven't spoken to her in over 6 months, but DAAAAAAAAAAMN. she always told me the only way her mom would let her move out of the house was if she got married, so i wonder if this has anything to do with her decision... especially since i've heard they really like to argue with one another. an interesting note about this was kristin and her family for some reason attended my college graduation (i sent them an invite to my graduation party, but they showed up to the ceremony) and kristin was acting very flirtacious towards me... that is, until i introduced heidi to them all. oddly enough, two weeks later at church she had her future husband. so in my ego-centric mind, she saw that i finally had someone and was no longer interested in her (which i hadn't for quite some time, but it was just easier for me to try to date her occasionally than make the effort to meet new people), so she tried to one-up me and say, "hey, i'm not interested in you either." oh well... and although i doubt kristin is marrying this guy just for love (i'm basing this off of absolutely no solid information other than my own mind's meanderings), i hope it works out for her... the whiny, frigid bitch that she is. haha yes, i know that was mean... but c'mon. i enjoyed it immensely

 i was at the spectrum the other night, and i passed by the store entitled "Gary's Island: Dick's Last Resort." they sell hawaiian t-shirts and crap like that. their neon sign is rather boring, except for the fact that the R was out in the word Gary. so it read "Ga_y's Island: Dick's Last Resort"... hahahaha

 saw the matrix last night... and it blew. waaaay too much talking, not enough stuff actually happening in the matrix. plus it felt like matrix 2 opened up a can of worms what with all the extra characters and the idea of multiple matrices, but the third installment kinda just glossed over it all and tried to wrap everything up as crappily as possible. i guess i was just really disappointed the twins (those two all-white guys who could go through walls in matrix 2) weren't in it...

 it's almost december, and i'm in my "no-baseball-for-3-more-months" funk: the time when i yearn to hear the latest rumors about free agents and trades. but also because yesterday all my family was over and we sat down to watch... football. don't get me wrong. football's great. i hear they still play some of the game in between the vast stretches of commercials. but growing up in southern california (the part that matters to the rest of the country: LA/OC), we have two sports: baseball and basketball. everyone here knows basketball doesn't matter until april when the 2 MONTHS of playoffs begin and lakers put a little more effort into it. hockey is great, but again, it boils down to the postseason and still too foreign of a game for me to completely understand. football? i hear san diego has a remnant of a team, and the omnipotent BCS will fuck USC again (even though i go to UCLA, i feel no affliation to their "team"). but baseball is great throughout the season and year after year. sure, it gets a lot of flak and rightfully so, but we still keep coming back. so in my tradition of bad-mouthing all other sports ad nauseum (mostly football, though), i've decided to post another column that i found to be delightfully invigorating for the true baseball fan. From Jim Caple I love baseball. I love baseball because I love history and, in a culture plagued by amnesia, history still matters in baseball. Basketball and football start fresh and new every year, but baseball never forgets last season or the season before or the season before or even the season before Pete Rose's last decent haircut. What happened 80 years ago is as important as what happened yesterday. This year's postseason was so compelling not just because of how incredibly close each game was, but because we all knew the Red Sox hadn't won a World Series since WWI, the Cubs hadn't played in a World Series since World War II, and neither will win one before WWIII. I love baseball because Hank Aaron is the first name alphabetically, because of Steve Bartman and Pedro vs. Zimmer, and because of all the other many bizarre circumstances and moments that make it clear that, while God doesn't play dice games with the universe, he does play Rotisserie Ball. I love it, not just because of the numbers, but because they're the only numbers people recognize, because .406, 56, 755 are more familiar than our cash machine numbers. I love it because where the game is played is almost as important as the game itself. I love it because they let you keep the ball when it goes into the stands. I love it because of the home run trot. I love it because of box scores. I love our national pastime because a Japanese player was the American League MVP two years ago and a Dominican player won it last year while a French-Canadian just won the Cy Young and an African-American just won the NL MVP for the third year in a row. I love baseball because, as the national pastime, it is held to a higher standard than the other sports. I love it because even with all the anguish over steroids, one of the best players in the world is 5-foot-9 and weighs 170 pounds. I love it because you almost never see players taken off the field in a stretcher. I love it because even though there are the same number of boors and SOBs as anywhere else, more people laugh and joke about themselves than in other sports. I love it because it's fun. I love it because when players talk about baseball, they refer to it as a game instead of a war.

 standard... i ate waaaay too much stuffing and honey baked ham for my own good. i guess that's my reward for dropping another 5 pounds (my secret? high levels of stress, little sleep, and no time for meals). but michelle's friend heidi got her car stolen today, so we were going to try to solace her by taking her to a bar but she has to work tomorrow morning. so i think michelle and i might just have to go out by ourselves and drink in her honor... anyone wanna come?

 i've decided this year to do all my holiday shopping via Larry Flint's fabulous hustler.com. i figure christmas only comes once a year, but that doesn't mean you have to. so just contact me with your porn movie request and i'll be sure to send it out to you. there's only one limitation, however. the movie must be christmas-themed... but instead of you frantically browsing through all of hustler's titles for the XXXmas-themed ones, i have kindly done the work for you. so here you go: Here Cums Santa Claus Santa Cums Down Her Chimney The Fist Noel The Big, Black Yule Log Jingle Balls Face Full Of Egg Nog The Lil Hummer Boy Oh, Cum Like Old Faithful Fisty The Snowman Dick The Halls I Saw Mommy Fucking Santa Claus The 12 Lays Of XXXmas White XXXmas, Sticky XXXmas All I Want For XXXmas Are Your Two Front Tits Sleigh Ride Up The Ass these are all the ones i could find, and if i missed any, be sure to inform me and i'll gladly post any additions. HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!! don't be too offended, by the way. this is only a joke. on the plus side, my blog will probably now come up in any porn search through google

 i'm in the middle of head and neck clinic up in the valley, and i'm enjoying it. but only because it's a pretty light clinic and the resident told me straight out, "we don't expect you to know anything, really, so just get their history and do as pertinent a physical as you see fit." which makes this so much fun because i can take a leisurely attitude towards this and not feel like i'm slacking off. in other news, i finished out my snowboard shopping for the year. i ended up buying boots and pants with dave on saturday and then on sunday i went to sport chalet with my mom and bought me a burton helmet. the helmet was inexpensive as helmets go, and my mom had a coupon where you get a $20 gift certificate if you spend $100, so i picked up a camelbak too. i think the weird thing is that for my whole snowboarding career, i've worn only dark blue and khaki. but now with my new helmet, mittens, pants, boots, and bindings, i'm gray and black with a number of shades in between. so now just my goggles and jacket don't match... but i'm not in the spending mood for either. unless one of you feel it enough in your hearts to buy me a jacket...

 just got back from a pre-thanksgiving thanksgiving dinner thrown by some riverside classmates and it was fun. although the guys lost at taboo, we kicked ass at cranium. all i have to say is that i freakin' rock at the word questions. there was one anagram where the clue was "electronics" and the phrase was "start or sin." within 15 seconds i said transistor. more importantly, i was right. the other kick ass question was "fill-in the blank" and the hint was "surrender site." they gave us "A _ _ O _ _ _ T O _". the answer? appomattox. only myself and another guy knew what the hell that was... makes you wonder how many people actually know US history...

 The Geography of Men and Women The Geography of a Woman Between the ages of 18 - 21 a woman is like Africa or Australia. She is half discovered, half wild and naturally beautiful with bushland around the fertile deltas. Between the ages of 21 - 30 a woman is like America or Japan. Completely discovered, very well developed and open to trade especially with countries with cash or cars. Between the ages of 30 - 35, she is like India or Spain. Very hot, relaxed and convinced of its own beauty. Between the ages of 35 - 40 a woman is like France or Argentina. She may have been half destroyed during the war but can still be a warm and desirable place to visit. Between the ages of 40 - 50 she is like Yugoslavia or Iraq. She lost the war and is haunted by past mistakes. Massive reconstruction is now necessary. Between the ages of 50 - 60 she is like Russia or Canada. Very wide, quiet and the borders are practically unpatrolled but the frigid climate keeps people away. Between the ages of 60 - 70 a woman is like England or Mongolia. With a glorious and all conquering past but alas no future After 70, they become Albania or Afghanistan. Everyone knows where it is, but no one wants to go there. The Geography of a Man Between the ages of 15 - 70 a man is like Zimbabwe - ruled by a dick.

 i'm indecisive... i know.

 so i'm in the midst of my plastic surgery rotation and i'm enjoying it, but i've come to the realization that i am no surgeon. i'd rather stand by and watch than be scrubbed in and retract. i don't feel too compelled to get in there and prep the patient for surgery. i don't care if i put the foley catheter in, i don't care who scrubs the patient, and i don't care what's going on unless it's a crazy case with weird anatomy. sure, i enjoy the time in there because that means that i'm not wasting time in the library or trying to take some patient's history in clinic (the reason i hate clinic so much is that even after i get the history from the patient and present to the resident or attending, they inevitably ask the patient the same questions that i did... so it makes you wonder why the hell i even bothered to see the patient in the first place). but the spending time in the OR is draining and i dread going there. i know you're thinking, "wasn't this fool bitching only a couple weeks ago how he didn't get to go to the OR?" yes, yes i was. but that was at a time when i had absolutely no OR time. so i enjoy the OR, but in small doses and only then if i get to do something. so i think i'm heading back towards the land of pathology. but i dunno, i think i'll change my preceptor for next semester and then go from there...

 i'd really like to help, but what i'd like more is to not help

 Man Dies After Winning Vodka-Drinking Contest MOSCOW (Reuters) - A vodka-drinking competition in a southern Russian town ended in tragedy with the winner dead and several runners-up in intensive care. "The competition lasted 30, perhaps 40 minutes and the winner downed three half-liter bottles. He was taken home by taxi but died within 20 minutes," said Roman Popov, a prosecutor pursuing the case in the town of Volgodonsk. "Five contestants ended up in intensive care. Those not in hospital turned up the next day, ostensibly for another drink." Popov said the director of the shop organizing this month's contest had been charged with manslaughter. He had offered 10 liters of vodka to the competitor drinking the most in the shortest time. Russians drink the equivalent of 15 liters of pure alcohol per head annually, one of the highest rates in the world. Some experts estimate one in seven Russians is an alcoholic. this guy drank 1.5 liters of vodka in 30-40 minutes? that's about 1 shot of vodka per minute (assuming 1 shot = 1.5 oz, then 1.5 L = 50.721 oz = 33.814 shots). and did you notice that the lawyer's name is Popov? so a man dies from drinking vodka and Popov is involved... no surprise there.

 when dirty jokes go nerdy... b511b: what's the square root of 69 b511b: ate something BigCBall: 8.3 BigCBall: 8.35 b511b: it was a joke BigCBall: haha BigCBall: quit it... you cant ask a math major a question like that and not expect an answer b511b: haha

 are you a risk-taker? do you change your oil every 6000 miles instead of the normal 3000? ever eat a bacon-wrapped hot dog from a street vendor? do you go on internet dates? have you seen a Jennifer Lopez movie? did you vote for Schwarzenegger?

 i'd like to take credit for this and i would have, except i read it out of a book and told vinicio first: endangered animals have consistently proven themselves to be so stupid and/or slow that maybe they were designed to be eaten or hunted out of existence...

 ever stop to think that the cookie monster pretty much got it all right?

 WOW. i just got scott's invite to his reception. i'm assuming i wasn't invited to the wedding cuz i'm not mormon or anything, but DAMN i can't believe he's getting married...

 so ortho's done, and i'm moving onto plastics. i really enjoyed ortho, even though there was just way too much clinic. on thursday i scrubbed in on two cases: a knee replacement and a hip fracture repair. i had never scrubbed in on an ortho case before, and i was about to go in when the 4th year resident said i should really put a mask on with eye protection. good thing i did because i walked out of there with my mask covered in bone bits and fat pieces...

 i received an email trying to get me to join in a boycott of sean penn and tim robbins' new movie, mystic river. the premise of the boycott was that these two individuals spoke negatively of pres. bush and the war on terror (even going so far as to visit with saddam before our invasion to show that iraq is an ok country), therefore they are unpatriotic and we need to show them a thing or two. and while i did disagree with sean penn's visit to iraq and i support the war on terror (although i hate how poorly the bush administration has handled it so far in iraq), i have to say this boycott is unamerican. the premise of our country is simple: i may not agree with what you say, but i'll fight to the death to protect your right to say it. that, my friends, is patriotism. so continue on, mr. penn and mr. robbins...

 that's a definite yes on the hef chicken... it was pretty good. the skin held the flavor pretty well, and you could still taste the beer. i just think next time i should marinate it for a couple hours longer, just so the marinade has time to penetrate it completely...

 the hefeweizen chicken is currently marinating and will be placed on the grill in one hour... taste results are therefore pending. stay tuned on further developments... oh yea, i guess i kinda sorta broke my car key in half as i was unlocking my trunk this morning. luckily i have a spare...

 so pete sort of found a way to make $1500 a week (tax-free, no less)... i'm gonna try to get him to spend some of it on steaks and beer...

 What did the deaf, blind, mute kid get for Christmas?... cancer.

 The fact that you gambled away your little sister's bicycle should tell you that you have a problem: Your sister doesn't have enough bicycles.

 A man was digging in his garden, when his shovel hit a hard object buried in the earth, which revealed itself to be an old bottle sealed with a cork. The man wrenched the cork free and, to his astonishment, there was a cloud of smoke and a clap of thunder. Standing before him was a genie. "As a reward for freeing me, I shall grant you three wishes," said the genie, "But understand, whatever you wish for, your most hated enemy shall receive twice over." The man's most hated enemy happened to be his next door neighbour, Jones. "Let's see. My first wish is..." He looked at his weather beaten bungalow, "...to live in a ten story luxury mansion.' The genie clapped his hands and suddenly his minute shack transformed into the most beautiful house he had ever laid eyes on. He heard a cry of astonishment from next door and looked over to see Jones standing in the doorway of his new twenty story mansion. "Now I want fifty of the most beautiful women imaginable." said the man. There was a puff of smoke and his wish was granted. He was annoyed, however, to see Jones grinning and waving, surrounded by his own harem of 100 women, all twice as attractive. "What is your final wish, Master?' asked the genie. "I want to lose a testicle," said the man.

 i was going to ramble on about how i've come to the conclusion that i'm almost a full-on grown-up, but that was boring me. so instead, i'll tell you about orthopedics. i had my first day on service yesterday at the VA in West LA, and it was an alright experience. it was all clinic, and clinic sucks. not because i hate patients or anything, it's just that they constantly overbook surgery clinics. we had 33 people scheduled for the afternoon spine clinic and there were only 3 no shows... that means we had to see 30 patients in 4 hours. plus we had the standard complaints of, "i'm in pain... i need oxycontin!!" and when a patient demands a narcotic, doctors don't respond as empathetic as usual. so yea, that patient was a moron... ok, so maybe i do hate patients

 Lions near Lake Manyara in Tanzania climb trees. Why? To get above the flies. They're the only lions that do it.

 In Easton, Pa., in July, Robert M. Peters Sr., 47, became the latest man to be acquitted of indecent exposure by persuading a jury that his penis is too small to have been seen by the complaining witness. A woman testified that she had seen "3 inches" of erect penis beyond the bottom of his shorts while he was working in her home, but via photographs and a brief trouser-dropping in the courtroom, Peters convinced the jury that he is very modestly endowed and that she must have seen something else, such as a fold of fat on his 312-pound body.

 i've been informed that since i've been hanging out with lindsey, that my blog has just been, well, crap. so i'm gonna try to perk up my babbling with some more inanity...

 i bought some flow bindings today... now i just need some boots, gloves, a helmet, new pants, a truck, some snow...

 last day of trauma service at ucla, and i'm so glad... i enjoyed my team (other than one intern), but the service just blew. hopefully i'll have an enjoyable weekend, what with the prospect of purchasing boots and bindings, the matrix, and possibly some boarding sunday morning...

 The center of the earth is hotter than the sun.

 my patient (i.e. the one i put the arterial line in) isn't doing so well. he's going into kidney failure, he's got pneumonia, we can't control his heart rate or blood pressure, and we'll probably have to intubate him tomorrow. i just watched him lie there, his wife by his side, her face full of fear and sadness but too brave to cry. she looks lost, longing for the days of their youth when they were both healthy and happy but now staring at her love's deteriorating exterior. he's normally very confused and practically comatose: just a body, hooked up to machines, that only moves when someone is trying to stick yet another needle in him. but when she's there, he's like his old self. he responds to commands and can communicate very well for someone as sick as he is. and considering he's blind in both eyes, just the gentle caress of her hand on his and her soothing voice is enough for him to muster the energy to show her, that while not looking so great, he's still there and fighting. when i check up on him in the morning, i hold his hand as i'm examining him... so he can feel some semblance of humanity. and when i saw his wife's eyes start water and her facade about to crack as my attending was explaining his worsening condition, i just wanted to give her a hug and tell her it's going to be all ok. God will make sure he's healthy again in this life, if not the next...

 are you always forgetting where you put everything, like your keys or your tongue?

 just got off the phone and after mentioning my 12-14 hour days and 70 hour weeks to lindsey, how does that compare to your life?

 ok, so today i didn't get to go to the OR, but i did get to do a couple of procedures. i got to place an arterial catheter in my patients forearm so we can monitor his blood pressure better, and i was able to do it on the first try and without the intern coming to my rescue. i was able to impress not only the intern with my mad skills, but also a nurse and two attendings who just happened to be watching me. then on rounds, my intern mentioned to my team that i was able to do such an excellent job that my attending and my chief resident were visibly astounded... not because they think i'm an idiot who can't do any procedure or anything, but because placing an arterial line is one of the hardest vessel procedures (that's non-operative, such as suturing a vessel back together) to perform. did i mention that my patient is 90 and this procedure on an elderly person is often described as trying to stick a needle into a thick cord? but then i also showed off my suturing technique because i had to fix the catheter in place to his skin... so today was actually better than i had expected. but now i have to wait for a conference at 5 and then lecture at 6...

 i didn't realize how many people actually read my blog until i put up that chatterbox... there's probably more people out there too

 i may kill people out of anger or to prove a point, but i never do it for fun... ok, well occasionally it's for fun

