 Wow. It's like the old BOA, but slightly more confusing.

 don't have scales, urlLink it turns out . i was as surprised as anyone.

 damn you all. i'm still here for an hour yet. but i have read the review, and pronounce it Unforgiving.

 I'm going home.

 It works for me. Shall I just copy and paste it?

 Yeah, OK, it's not working and I can't be arsed to fix it. It's been a bit temperamental recently. I'll e-mail a draft of it to you instead dave.

 Christ I'm having a stressful day. I'm pretty much legging it now to get my scarecut before I leap on the train at Broadstairs to bum Dave. The TDAT review should be working, if not, it's not my fault and I have no inclination to do anything about it. urlLink So there

 I've done shockingly little work today. I have, in fact, spent a large proportion of it on the interweb. I also downloaded the 14 day trial of Star Wars: Galaxies last night, all two gig of it. I'm moist with anticipation. I think I may create a wookiee exotic dancer.

 i never got to see it. is your site working again yet, uncle fonz?

 watch me as i monkey around with your post. tee hee.

 Ahh. I was just trying to find an appropriate size, but you done beat me to it.

 that's you, that is.

 I broke it. But tee hee anyway.



 Whilst and amongst are archaic versions, apparently. But still equally valid.

 this is becoming some kind of necessity here too - this fecher is just a bit too bright and obvious. i'd like to leave this template for posterity if possible and come up with some alternatives for the more sensitive among us, so does anyone know how to take the blogger output and run it through another page? anyone? christ, customising the boa was hella-easy. i miss that boa. well, in a way. and what's the difference between among and amongst? anyone? and while and whilst? someone should know.

 or poor eyesight. you've probably got great big godzilla eyes too, haven't you?

 I see. The other its. Piss off. Why do I sometimes see the XML buttons, and sometimes not?

 As in 'it is the future'. Or were you talking about something else?

 you need a rest, guy. why has no-one complimented me on my nice buttons? or the johnson quote about yoav at the top? why am i always doomed be ignored, and my art overlooked in favour of crude populist hackery?

 That's because your reader is Too Straight, like you. You need to loosen up. Hey relax, fella.

 my reader doesn't. anywoo, you can just click on one of those XML links over there, and things will look hella different. honest.

 Most feed readers will work with Atom, anyway.

 blogger uses atom xml, rather than rss. but fear not - i've just converted it to rss with feedburner. take a look at the cheeky XML link on high on the right. there you go. that's not so bad, is it?

 It's the future, man. Fonz, you could get yourself a feed reader (Google for it), and then look at the BOA using it's RSS feed. It'll just look like you have an email program open, or somesuch.

 there must be another way to get at the content of the site without all the botting. i'll have a luke.

 It's no good, this site is drawing too much attention. I can't look at this at work, I've already got in trouble once today. If I don't get something as inconspicuous as PISS back, I'll have to stop using it.

 Having misspelled 'Fonz' in an earlier post, I have decided to complete the job. From now on, I shall refer to him as 'Diddy Bot Fonx'.

 i am a pulling 66%er. that makes me a little better than ross. which makes sense to me. i am also 30% gay, which is too straight. i think that these tests are indeed "balls".

 I didn't half panic when that needle went all the way up to 100% gay, til I realised it was just calculating my score. I am 26% gay, which is apparently &quot;Too Straight&quot;.

 Drunk Fonx would get 4% and irreperably stained trousers.

 I was brutally honest in the pull-o-meter, and I got 54%. I am a Shy Guy. Seems about right. Of course, that was Sober Fonz taking the test. If Drunk Fonz were taking the test, who knows what score he'd get?

 I'm 43% gay, and apparently a 'happy and well adjusted hetero man'. See, it must be true if Channel 4 says it. I also have a 62% chance of pulling, and it says: 'Always in control, and that often works out the best on a holiday night out, But stop playing it so safe! We know its not cool to get wasted, but you need to let down your hair and live a little! Perhaps a bit of dutch courage will give you that pep you need to go for it a bit more.' I'm a little confused by that, as I chose to go without food and went for the beers, so would be legless by about half way round.

 I took one of those gay tests before, where it reckoned everyone was at least 37% gay on average. I think I was 1% nmore hetero than average, which surprised me as much as anyone.

 See if you are urlLink good at pulling ...I got 81%. Go here to see how urlLink gay you are Fonz anything less than 50% and I know you are lying! I got 29% which is just the right amount of gayness. If the above links come out stupid apologies...I just copied fonz's code and pasted

 If you use the 'post a full message' link, and use the interweb link button to insert the hutchtemel for you, it doesn't add the target=blank shiznit by default. Is there a way to change that, or am I going to have to learn something, and do my linking myself?

 makes the target of the link open in a new window. thing is, my work pc usually has about 9 ie windows open at any one point, and takes 30 seconds to open another one. whereas i don't mind hopping forwards and backwards in my "leisure" window. hence my behaviour. no problem to watch the botter; it's shorter than the other two, and apparently better - i watched the second one the other day, and pronounced it "meh". you know, like ross would have done. only not as well.

 It makes the link open in a new window, standard practice if you are linking to a page on an external site. i.e. &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.bbc.co.uk/&quot; target=&quot;blank&quot;&gt;BBC&lt;/a&gt; I think. It's not easy typing that in html.

 What does that target=_blank thing do? I don't know much hutchtemel.

 I demand when you post a link next time dave, that you use a target=&quot;_blank&quot; thing. Do it. Now then, to importnat matters. I think I need to see Larry Botter and The Prisoner of Azerbaijan this weekend, for reviewing purposes. What are the chances of us catching a showing, maybe you'll see me at the mattinee on Sunday?

 they're considered a delicacy in many cultures, i'll have you know.

 I don't think that's a problem you need worry about, Dave. Unless pots of jizz become a valuable art form.

 someone find me a bittorrent/e-donkey/something link to download this for my zboz. it's not out here until august, and i'd never pay for it anyway. i wonder whether, should i ever produce anything of any artistic merit whatsoever, i'll still be so blase about other people's intellectual property rights?

 matters dick. i've got an xp pid changer, and i can't be the only one. there are always pure pids out there. mmm. pure pids.

 urlLink Microsoft bars Windows pirates I don't want to have to give Billy Gates my money.

 If putting my name in the title had been deliberate, it would have been acceptable. But it wasn't. I just spacked it. I feel so Yoav.

 I got six out of seven on the BBC news quiz, because I always have to guess at the last question, about the ages of people I don't know. I actually knew the people today, but misread the question, and put them in order of oldest first. Tits. Dave, your eye is bloodshot because you burst a blood vessel through overly vigourous wanking.

 What's the fucking deal with all this work I have to do? It sucks.

 me, up the knightley. hypothetically, unfortunately, but the theoretical evidence is strong. and i'm looking forward to comissioning a full practical study. again and again and again and

 CHOO CHOO CHOO CHOO CHOO Choo Choo Choo Choo choo choo choo choo choo That's my impression of a train nearby getting further away

 i just got me 7 out of 7 on the bbc news quiz this week. i don't think i've ever managed that before.

 is really bloodshot today. why would that be? i want ross to give me answers.

 that's no problem. last night, i accidentally missed the gym and went home and played kevilisation for hours. i'm not proud. a mighty wind is a good film, though.

 On a scale of one to 10 of getting completely wasted, dancing like a fool and then pulling womens I'm going to be hitting a fat 10 tonight...I'm very much in the mood and it's only just 9.

 Right, Dave, I'm warning you now, I'm coming to your house later, and I might require food and water. I'll let you know what time I'm arriving when I'm on the train, but it'll be between 7:30 and 8:15 I should think.

 I've been at work for about half an hour, and already I'm bored shitless. I want to go home.

 I still make that only 14. And that Kingston one obviously doesn't count. Although now you mention it, I've been to Kingston-upon-Thames too.

 screw you guys, i'm going to the gym.

 although i've been to kingston upon thames, rather than kingston jamaica... does that matter?

 Paris Rotterdam Mauritius Kingston Kentish Town Felixstowe Brixton Antwerp Edinburgh Tokyo Amsterdam Manchester Dublin Tooting howzat?

 I don't believe you have been to 15 of those places. I dispute it. List the ones you've been to.

 Wow, that took quite a while to turn up didn't it?

 It seems to me that we humans are trying to divorce ourselves from the other animals on the planet as much as possible.&nbsp; We buy our food in supermarkets and cook it, we sleep in well built houses on beds.&nbsp; We speak to each other and wear clothes. &nbsp; However, it seems to me that we are still linked to the animal kingdom, because we shit.&nbsp; It is a distinctly animal trait to just wander off to a corner somewhere, squat and curl one down.&nbsp; It produces no useful output, it's waste we have to deal with, and it's a waste of our time too, so my question is this: &nbsp; Do you think a time will come when technology advances enough that humans don't shit anymore?

 i was talking to him only a minute ago, and he was about to sign up properly. but then i had to sign out of messenger, and i lost him. goddamit. if anyone sees him lying around, give him an encouraging poke with a sharp stick.

 I've been to 8 places on that Rambling thing.

 Yes, I'm not sure why it's doing that. I need to Sort It Out, but I don't seem to have time right now. I'll fix it at home later. The film is precisely that bad. My browser is crashing left right and center. I can't wait for a new computer. You know, one that works.

 again. we need a poll or something.

 Yes, I'm not sure why it's doing that. I need to Sort It Out, but I don't seem to have time right now. I'll fix it at home later. The film is precisely that bad.

 I got to the review eventually, but everything else I touched turned to server error.

 the film was better than HTTP Status 500 - Internal Server Error

 Who's is that site, Fonz? Why is so much of it wanged up? I disagree with your review. The film is Not That Bad™.

 kentish town and tooting

 I have been to precisely two of those places. Guess which ones.

 I've been to 15 of the places mentioned in the urlLink Ramblin' Man lyrics. I bet that's more than Ross. Fonz, your web site isn't working at me.

 Comments are cack, turn them off now. I can't believe how long it took me to do this, but here's the review: urlLink Fonz tells it like it is It didn't help that my computer kept crashing.

 I posted this from my mobile. I wonder if it will work?

 looks familiar. i demand that we change it every so often for the purpose of our own amusement.

 This is a regular email, like they used in the 1800's. Not a fancy mobile one like nowadays.

 I tried to email post from my mobile, and it seems to have spectacularly failed.

 but if no-one likes them, we'll get shot of them again. i thought we might need them to comment on fonz's review, though... ho ho.

 and yes, because it will all come out of our mouths when we talk. this is a condition known as being an MBA student. tee hee.

 post your emmerich-slaying review, whydontcha?

 i've set it to limit the front page to three days' worth of output, but at this rate that's still an offal lot. there's a link on the right hand side to jump straight down to the posty bit, though. the one that calls you a whoo-er. you whoo-er. urlLink click me and jump southwards

 Cause I can post stuff. Im not going to though. So there. Oh yeah. make the posting box at the top so in a years time we don't have to spend a day scrolling to the bottom of this page.

 It seems to me that we humans are trying to divorce ourselves from the other animals on the planet as much as possible. We buy our food in supermarkets and cook it, we sleep in well built houses on beds. We speak to each other and wear clothes. However, it seems to me that we are still linked to the animal kingdom, because we shit. It is a distinctly animal trait to just wander off to a corner somewhere, squat and curl one down. It produces no useful output, it's waste we have to deal with, and it's a waste of our time too, so my question is this: Do you think a time will come when technology advances enough that humans don't shit anymore?

 Hmm, I tried another e-mail post, it totally didn't work. Poo. I'll post it the regular way instead.

 and that's not all i invited dave, too

 when i post by email. like this.

 You go to settings, then e-mail. Then there are two address options. As dave says, the bottom one has a box in the middle of an e-mail address for you to put a password in. Then you e-mail to that address, and bob is etc..

 i tried an email post and nothing happened. bah and double-bah.

 plus a min four-character .code in it, to stop damo guessing it and posting as them. then all you need to do is send something to that address, and bob's your proverbial. mine is dave_mf.lovesross@blogger.com. or is it blogspot.com?

 El Finz, what address did you send to? I just looked at the settings, and it didn't seem to be set up yet. It also has my name in the address, unfortunately. Sac du ballons!

 hmm. it worked. maaaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnnnxxx!

 It does mean clever people can do it via telemophone.

 This is me posting via e-mail. &nbsp; Can't see the point of it myself.

 maaaaanx!

 I tell you what Dave, you stand over there and call manx, and I'll stand here and call him, and who(m)ever he comes to first, he must like the best. Manx!

 Someone should try posting via email. Go on, try it.

 I, for the most part, concur. Especially about the Brocolli thing. I demand Dave make this page... you know... different. And move the posting box at the bottom of the page over to the left. I don't like it centered. [If any mofo mentions the spelling of that word, I will have to open up a can of whoop-ass on them]

 The page that is Any idea what time we are due in Epson? I will be nursing a hangover undoubtedly so need to mentally prepare myself for an hour long train trip from Angel. I just ate a load of broccoli...I remember a few years ago I was like "what the fuck is a broccoli?" not believing anything could be so disgusting. Gradually over time it's become my favourite vegetable. I think we should feature up this page a bit so we can see some distinct advantages over the old one. Maybe an option to upload pictures etc. to the right of the message entry box

 'm scared for england. watching greece bum portugal has reminded me how easy it is to lose a football match. shall have more wine and try to forget.

 The incredible feeling of excitement I've had all week about the England game tomorrow is slowly starting to be replaced with dread, fear and anxiety. I hate that.

 I'm only getting about three a day at the moment, but it still annoys me. Plus, it can't be long before I'm getting a lot more. SPAM = GAY

 I'm only getting about three a day at the moment, but it still annoys me. Plus, it can't be long before I'm getting a lot more. SPAM = GAY

 Yeah...spam is a fucker and there is nowt you can do about it really. There is one reasonably effective method which is a plugin for outlook which my old man used for a wile. (Can't remember what it is called or where I got it from so you'd have to research it a bit!) It's kind of similar to adaware in a way though. First it aloows you to specify basic rules (which you can do in outlook already) i.e filter out emails with abnormal characters in the address field/emails with certain attachments etc. The best bit is log file that you download every day from the plugin server which contains a relatively up to date list of spam addresses/domains/subject titles (new ones are created every minute so it doesn't catch everything) He was getting somewhere in the region of 100 spam mails coming from jap domains through to standard "porn" domains...when he slammed this on he got it down to about 10 a day. I spoke to him about this already as I need it but he doesn't have it anymore...anyone tracks this app down or something similar let me know as I also want to break things at the moment.

 outlook 2003 is pretty good at detecting and removing spam, but not 100%. about the only thing you can do is tell it to accept mail only from people in your address book, like on hotmail.

 That was not the answer I was looking for. It seems to me, the smart spammer could send out an html e-mail, and the server would register the e-mail address was valid when the user read the e-mail and the html got served. Which is pretty much what I expect they do. So as you say, you can't stop the flow of spam. I thought there might be some sort of blocker I could get.

 if you're being spammed, you're effectively bummed. there is no escape. if you click the Remove Me links, you just confirm to them that your email address is active, and they redouble their efforts. the only solution is to close the account and start another. it annoys the shit out of me because i had a perfectly good email address for 6 years, then some cunts got hold of it through a whois record and now it's 50 spam for every proper email i get. it gives me the rage.

 Yes, I don't think anything will appear until we start scoring. Either that or we've fucked it. Why aren't I drinking beer yet?

 When i go to 'my mini-league' in the fantasy football. Theres mostly nothing there

 Jubus CHRIST, I've been working ALL AFTERNOON on a FRIDAY. and i had to work late as well. I need to serously chill out with some whisky and badgers re Ledley King: 5 Caps comprise one start and 4 second half appearances in Svens 22 man friendlys. Truth of it is (22 per team that is. not 22 on the pitch, cos thats quite standard)

 is this working now

 Here's what I keep meaning to ask: one of my e-mail accounts has started getting the shit spammed out of it. What can I do to stop this?

 dear me, i pushed the envelope a bit with the amazon "things you might like" bug, and then went to The Page I Made. i was surprised, to say the least. and a little scared.

 i had a shave this morning. i resented it as a waste of 5 minutes, but at least i looked less like ross as a result. the bearded, hairy godzilla scot.

 I just went to the bog and looked in the mirror. It seems my ratty whiskers, over the course of the day, ahve gone from &quot;I really should shave, but i'll just look ratty&quot; to &quot;I definitely should have shaved I look like Gary Neville's best attempt at a 'tache and goatie&quot;. This embarasses me.

 Have any of you seen this? Go to Amazon, and search for 'Sennheiser HD202 Headphones'. Then look at the 'you may also like...' panel. Apparently Amazon have been having quite a few problems like this, recently.

 manx looks like he's been added to the fan foot league OK now.

 a wise man once said "the yoav is smelly." it's an eternal truth, i think.

 Is that the &lt;blockquote&gt; tag? Whatchoo talkin' 'bout? Apparently Ledley King has had five England caps. I only remember one.

 england: lasers and ninjas and gold wales: sheep and dirt goal, it's a goal, ooooooh, it's a goal

 now quotes are italic that's not one i use much.

 It does that quote thing...indents the writing a bit and puts a line space in...I was doing that hutchtemel thing

 what did it do?

 Ah ok, furry muff what does this do me wonders?

 I think yours is in damo, because you can see Manx pending right? Attack of the Scones. It seems we won't appear in a table until we've scored some points.

 is my team in ok fonz?

 is this working now, it stopped working for a while from work as well

 I have no idea why manx is still pending in the league. Let's hope that when we start scoring, it all sorts itself out.

 i'm sure glad that damo is several miles away.

 I feel a bit bundersome still...my coke tastes like whisky...I may leave it. I had a pro plus for the first time ever an hour ago...not sure if it works or not - I am shaking a lot and feel a bit more aware but these signs are easily confused with alchoholism. I feel like a big poo and because I'm in a nasty mood there aren't going to be any courtesy flushes either...SMELL MY PAIN!

 Regarding posting from home, I can sign in and it recognises me as me but just doesn't have the Book of Arse listed under 'Your Blogs' or whatever it says. Oddd Someone try sending me an invitation to my hotmail and i'll see what happens when I try to use that from home

 I've pressed submit and my team is listed as fully built but when i look attt the mini-leage I appear to be the only one in ittt

 I had something similar, Dave - someone had jammed a paper clip under one of the control keys on my keyboard, which caused me no end of problems. I had to pry the key off, eventually.

 I only see one other team inthat league? Ok I'll get then newer civ game tonight

 Manx, I think you still need to submit your team, you appear to be pending still. Ross, you'd better sign up when you get home or I'm going to muck up your lens.

 actually, it's not that odd now i look at it again. there just seemed to be far too many letters. my control key keeps sticking. you would not believe how strangely a computer with a sticky control key behaves. go on, try it.

 that's the oddest spelling of "definitely" that i've seen for a while...

 That submit button was definateley not there before. According to my latest battery of tests I'm a peace loving hippy like Dave and my theme tune is Back in Black by AC/DC

 my kev is the III, and is a bit out of date, although i only found that out once i was pretty far into my game. they've release a couple of expansion packs and a raft of patches, so i thought that if i were to have another shot at it, i'd want to get all the newest stuff together first. if you really want the one i'm using, i'll see what i can do, but you'd probably be better off getting hold of a newer version yourself, as that's what i'm intending to do. i've read a couple of guides to playing on the harder levels of kev, and it's super-hard and mind-blowingly technical. i'm not sure i have the patience to calculate the precise number of turns it will take my worker unit to cross a river, irrigate on square, and mine another and rationalise that against controlling my tax rate so that a new science advance arrives exactly when i need it, while all the time managing my city population's working pattern and growth to alter levels of production to synchronise with an anticipated event in 40 turns' time. for christ's sake. urlLink a good bomb or a bad bomb?

 It's like this: Name: Don't tempt me, Figo Password: iloveross I also noticed just now that Desailly had made it back into my squad, despite me taking him out ages ago. I think some of the changes I made originally didn't happen. Hence Beckham not being in originally.

 What is the league name/password I need to add my team to the league now...

 Have any of you been watching The Mighty Boosh on t'BBC? I find it bizzare yet amusing.

 I cannae look at that link, Fonz. The category 'games' is filtered at this time. Bastards. Dave, is this Civ III you keep banging on about ad nauseum, or is there a new one?

 I am the gayest man ever to walk this earth...wait a minute...I'm not the gayest man ever to walk this earth...wait a minute...I'm not gay...so confused... I will make a team now...I'm booking last place in the league...give me kevinisation...do it now Dave

 i'm not convinced that that submit button was there before. winkers.

 i finished my game of kevinisation last night, most unexpectedly. it was about 1865, and i was launching the second of my glorious wars of righteous liberation deep into the indian hearland, with wave after wave of modern tanks and mechanised infantry pouring into their borders, when all of a sudden a box popped up in the middle of the screen that said "You Win! You have achieved a Cultural Victory" and the game was over. i felt a little let down, but it at least got me to go to bed before 12.

 Ross, build a urlLink fan foot team just for shits and giggles. And you damo, or I'll believe this letter about you being the gayest man e'er to walk the earth.

 That is gay. Listen up homos: I was just perusing my beautiful Euro 2004 Fantasy Football team when i noticed a little hyperlink at the top that said &quot;Submit&quot;. It turns out, that although I'd fully built my team, the system doesn't do anything with it until you press the submit button. I sincerely hope I am the only spaz that didn't notice this, but if I'm not, you guys might want to submit now.

 I fucking hate my interweb connection. I can't stay signed in to anything.

 I too am digging that sweet savings action. I'm hoping they rocket up to 7.5%. And then the housing market will crash too. Brilliant.

 stoopido yoav

 stoopido mortgate holders

 dynamic ip address allocation. it's used on big networks with flexible clients. if anyone hasn't seen popbitch this week, they should check urlLink this shit out. i'm glad interest rates are going up. i might make some money on my savings for once. stoopid mortgage holders.

 What the hell is a DHCP?

 I doubt they are. There are a number of reasons you can drop it - Most likely in your case would be firewall configuration or the fact you are a bummer. It shouldn't affect you too much anyhow unless you have some sort of bummer setup...

 Alright, you compscis, solve my problem for me: why does my ISP keep giving me a one hour DHCP lease instead of the usual three days?

 I'd quite like to go home now. Work is boring.

 If you still can't post from home and run a firewall on your computer...turn it off just before you hit publish post button...then turn it back on when the publish completes.

 What on earth makes Gibbo think i'm remotely interested in interest rates weirdo

 for the beeb, urlLink this is very good. it's probably nicked from somewhere. i saw bad education. it's pretty good, but... dude... gayest film ever.

 i can't believe ray charles is dead. oh wait, yes i can. he was very old.

 You could just test that for me by answering the questions to the very best of your ability. Oh yes, I went there.

 You could test that by doing it again and answering wrongly. I bet you wouldn't come out as a 'goddamn fucktard'.

 Apparently my Super IQ test is 147. That's more like it. I am an Intuitive Investigator , which makes me truly brilliant . I can't help but think it's just being nice to me so I'll buy stuff.

 Blimey, I took that ink blot test, and I was quite impressed with its standard summary of my personality. Has anyone else taken that one? It's good.

 Yes, all he will be. I did the IQ test just now, and got the same score as dave, which i am assuming means we both got them all right: &quot;Your IQ score is 136 This number is based on a scientific formula that compares how many questions you answered correctly on the Classic IQ Test relative to others. Your Intellectual Type is Visionary Philosopher. This means you are highly intelligent and have a powerful mix of skills and insight that can be applied in a variety of different ways. Like Plato, your exceptional math and verbal skills make you very adept at explaining things to others — and at anticipating and predicting patterns. And that's just some of what we know about you from your IQ results.&quot; I think someone should try and beat this score. You might not be able to post at home because you are not logged in. Try logging in and making sure cookies are turned on in your browser. Also, check your Internet Options to make sure your SSL Security boxes are checked.

 OK, good How come when I'm on my 'puter at home this won't let me post anything. Also, who else thinks that Bobby Pires is going to be diving his ass off on sunday in an attempt to get the little ginger lad sent off. Just a thought

 is this working yet

 i'm in a bad mood today. and my guts are wrong. it's a super-good day.

 because they're true

 These urlLink Gary Neville Dairies are hilarious. Well, funny anyway.

 young man

 I know no hutchtemmel. I just copied the link from Dave's post.

 Has Ross finally learned some hutchtemmel? Dave, can't you just explain to your FM that you're not in a client-facing role, and therefore can dress like a sack of shit if you feel like it? And also explain why it would be a good idea for him to put his face in a blender.

 That's one sleepy Bambos. I have a Linksys BEFSR41 v2. All I had to do was upgrade the firmware. Unfortunately, Linksys have designed their site such that it's actually impossible to find anything. Consequently, I was under the mistaken belief that the last upgrade was this time last year (as that's what the site told me), when in reality there had been two since then. Routers are very interesting. Also - urlLink BT finally decides to ditch the shitty old switching phone network .

 "I have nothing to say of my working life, only that a tie is a noose, and inverted though it is, it will hang a man nonetheless if he's not careful." Yann Martel, Life of Pi

 tuesday? okidoke. i reserve the right to flounce, though. i've finished the innernet too. i might read the Komplete Kevinisation Game Guide, but i'm not sure i have the energy...

 I've spent all morning reading the internet, which was great. But now I have nothing to read at lunch time. What a miscalculation. What will I do this afternoon too? My website has stopped working. This does not please me.

 Dave...next Tuesday...Angel...lots of Booze...me an AJ and a Lexie. Be there or be a raving homosexual. (You can come along and still be a raving homosexual if that makes things easier for you)

 what kind of router do you have, and what did you need to do to it? bambos set up our router, and it works pretty well as far as i know. i think if it had been left to me and yove, one of us would be dead by now, and the other would be sobbing in a corner somewhere. the router would still be in its box, i imagine. mind you, that's the same bambos that fell asleep on the victoria line at euston and woke up in seven sisters. and it was going south when he got on. urlLink see where he went wrong

 Today's headlines are indeed funny. I also like the Statshot. 'Who's number 1?' - 'Number 6'. Hur hur hur. I've already typed this message once, but my stupid gay interweb connection keeps logging me out of Blogger, which seems to wang things up. Bastards.

 I am here. I have been working solidly all morning. Bah. I have found that, since I gave my router a seeing-to, all my interweb games work properly. This pleases me, in a very compsci way.

 Ties are gay. I like being able to come into work in whatever I like, although it makes it harder to distinguish between weekdays and weekends. I think most of Britney's knee problems could be improved by letting me massage her. Of course, sometimes the area that is sore isn't the area you need to massage, which I would explain to her as I fondled he boobs and diddled her nubbin. I've gone over to the bad place.

 i see britney's had knee surgery again. i wonder how big her knees will get this time? i'm listening to rage against the machine to fuel my misdirected adolescent angst.

 I also had Italy beating France in the semi's. But then losing the final narrowly to the the Portugays

 i just got told that i have to wear a tie at work again. it really, really annoys me. i'm not sure why, but it does. i wunt to be a rebellious teenager again. not that i ever was in the first place.

 According to my score predictions, it all goes swimmingly in the group stages. Then England go out to Spain in the Quarter Finals (on penalties after a 2-2 draw) and Italy go on to win, having narrowly beaten France in the semis.

 I especially like 'Leno's Voicemail Message Pauses For Laughter'

 the onion headlines this week are hilarious. i doubt the text of the articles can now match my expectations, so i don't think i'll read them. how's ross today? any progress with the lynchmob?

 I've utilised the BBC score predictor. I now know everything. England out in the quarters unfortunatley

 there's a little score predictor thing on the bbc sport euro web thing. it's quite interesting, in a way my job totally isn't.

 The personal league thing doesn't seem to work on it though...oh well

 I've already got my wallchart up and on Saturday I will purchase many beer Theres no games during the day, This pleases me. The earliest any of them start is 5pm and thats only really a handful of games. The rest are all at sensible o'clock

 Too late for you guys but I've just joined a league with mates on this site http://en.fantasy.euro2004.com/ It's got much better scoring with assists, clean sheets, cards, defensive clean sheets, etc. Only missing thing is choosing a manager. If anyone wants to start on this one let me know as I've started a seperate league we can use when I was mucking about.

 I made the change. Did you notice all three of us have opted for the same manager? That should ensure some pretty bad luck, right there. I put up my World Cup Wall Chart the other day. I know technically it's a Euro 2004 Wall Chart, but that doesn't have the same ring to it. So I shall be refering to it as my World Cup Wall Chart anyway.

 i don't reckon van horsetelrooy will score very many goals in the tournament. whoops. i've only gone and said it. i might as well fedex him the golden boot right now. i'm trying to drink coffee but i'm no good at it.

 The way I see it is that Becks is more likely to score than Gerrard full stop. (Frank Lampost is more likely to score than Stevie G) Becks is also less likely to get broken/sent off in a rage of red-misted headwrong I've decided than I'll keep my team as it is, downgrading my Wesley to a Latvian or a Stelios would only allow to upgrade my Torres to a Morientes/Trezu-Gay and not all the way up to a Ruud/Thierry. Thats not a good enough trade off

 i had a ross-inspired dream once. it ended with jets firing rockets past skyscrapers into this enormous pair of legs that was terrorising tokyo. i finally found urlLink yoav's purpose . i stopped playing kevinisation at half ten last night, and managed to get to bed on time. and then i had a phone call at about 12.45. it was a cheerful greek, who said "i fell asleep on the tube and i'm stuck in seven sisters. i can't get back to balham. can i come and stay at yours?". i said yes. then there was another call a minute later: "do you know any taxi numbers? there's only one driver here and he's a mentalist who doesn't know where camden is". i gave him the only taxi number i know. then another call: "the taxi number's no good, there's no-one this side of london. none of the bus drivers knows which bus i need. help!". i gave him the number for the transport helpline. at 2.45am, i had a bambos on my doorstep. this morning, i mostly want to die.

 The way I see it is that Gerrard's more likely to score from open play, and is the braver choice, but Beckham takes all our penalties and free kicks, and with Mickey on the pitch we're bound to get a penalty or two... I'm erring on the side of swapping Gerrard for Becks. I haven't seen your formation manx, but you do need midfielders who are going to score. They also get an extra point for scoring over a striker. So the decision is yours really. Have you signed up to the league? I had a dream that Dolly's house kept getting burgled last night. It got burgled once, and she was too afraid to stay there, so she left the house and stayed at someone else's. So the burglars broke back into it again. The next day the same thing happened, but this time she left her keys in the door, and the burglars took EVERYTHING. I suppose it was a Ross-inspired dream on some level.

 I feel a sort of rosy glow. and while that may be partly due to sunburn and wine I think its partly due to some good footy

 Yeah, who needs decent defenders? I can't decide who looks more alike: Pavel Nedved and Patrick Swayze from Point Break, or Japp Stam and Jan Koller...

 Blinkin heck. footballs alright when its like that

 I've finally scored a goal in Euro Fantasy Football! The scorer? Filthy Jan Koller.

 I've been outside all day and due to the sun am now literally a redneck

 I was just cruising the JobServe website, and I saw a job that included this line: You will also have extensive knowledge of Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internal Explorer. Tell me that's not a real browser.

 Go and meet an aristocrat for drinks then go out to a club and get hammered...that's what I am doing...nice

 Well, I'll be sure to check that one out. You know, when I run out of better things to watch. I feel like I'm wasting my weekend, but I simply can't be arsed to do ANYTHING. I sat in my chair for so long earlier my arsecheeks started to ache.

 It even has someone known as "The One"...actually it's fucking shit but I was too hungover to move Warriors of Virtue: The Return to Tao

 I've been toppled from the top of our mini-league...goddamn...I'm not making any changes for the next couple of matches now...change of tactics.

 has anyone seen urlLink this nice to see where our license fee is going. those of that pay it, dave

 urlLink here .

 No, it's gays.

 i need you to post that riddle here again. i think i may be onto something, but i need to check the semantics. where is everyone this afternoon?

 ooh, now it's emule at the top.

 all the ads at the top are advertising gayness at me. we've broken google. i knew this would happen.

 in every way

 From the BBC's coverage of France/Croatia on Thursday... Ian Wright: "Prso works hard for a big man." Following on from Andy Townsend's insightful "He's quite sleepy for a big man," Mediawatch is happy to learn that not only are our lanky friends insomniacs, but workshy as well. Daves a big man

 hur hur entry level

 I recognised about half a dozen words in that. I fully deserve my entry-level Japanese certificate.

 i could tell you, but i'd have to invade poland. Suba-ra-shi chin chin mono Kintama no kame aru Sore no oto saru bo bo Iye! Ninja ga imasuuuuuuuu Hey hey let's go kenka suru Taisetsu no mono protect my balls! Boku ga warui so let's fighting... Let's fighting love! Let's fighting love! Kono uta chotto baka Wake ga wakaranai Eigo ga mecha-kucha Daijobu - we do it all the time!

 What does racht mean?

 it does tend to create little CVS folders around the shop, but i think there's a way to configure it to stop it. ultimately, it's the open source industry standard, so it's free and there will be people out there who know an offal lot more than i do. es ist zeit fur racht.

 hmmm, fish dumplings

 Dave, a CVS Question. My techie man says its good but it leaves little hidden files everywhere. What are your opinions on this ? I can see someone deleting a local file and everything getting screwed up.

 i have also swotted like a monster. it's colder today, which is good. hang on, we've not had the weekend yet. bonus. my eclipse workspace has buggered itself, which is less amusing than it could have been.

 i did a lot of sweating this weekend

 I've got a new computer at work, and no time to set it up. And I'm not at work for the next two weeks, so when I get back I'll probably find both my old and new computers have been taken away by the CIT people. Bah.

 there's definitely something wrong with this pc. it's all over the place, and it won't let me close excel.

 Is it me - or is everything a bit wrong today... discuss.

 Well, that's made it interesting. You know, if we draw with Croatia and Switzerland beat France (unlikely I know), I have no idea who goes through...

 It's for the tears man...for the tears

 hee hee hee hee laminated book of dreams tee hee hee hee hee hee hee

 Yeah, Dave often does that.

 Billius Ballius was very funny...his pwartishead take off was bwilliant I have to say but lost on 90% of the audience. There was some idiot in front of us who clearly didn't get half the jokes...he tended to laugh about 3 or 4 seconds after everyone else started.

 I'm glad you like it. It will be even better when Dave turns his designer's eye to it and improves it. That film 7 thing is a bit of a fuck up. It's not supposed to do that. Hmm.

 I quite like your site, Fonz. Make some more of it work, so I can comment. I especially liked the review of film 7, as well.

 i dun read the reviews earlier and forgot to mention it. they weren't as Contentious as i'd hoped. or were they? look at me, i've bagged me a boamboz. who has the Best Profile Ever.

 is this going to work ?

 Right, my website has started working again. I JUST looked at it. So, can someone go to http://www.topfivefilms.com/sampledb.jsp?filmid= that address, and put any number from 0 to 6 on the end, and it should work. I'm reluctant to put a proper link on here because it seems to shaft my site for some reason.

 i demand that ross play that game until he is intel's mindslave. shouldn't take long.

 Dude, that games pretty bad, but nowhere near as bad as a game Oracle made about Toplink portals. (Un)fortunately, I can't find that game now, it may have been binned.

 i've found the least fun game on the innerweb: urlLink intel have wasted an offal lot of money on this

 you know what would be really funny? if we killed bill after the show tonight, your colleagues wouldn't be able to see him, and it would be like that film, about killing bill, whatever it was called. so it works on two levels, see? and that's why i'm called "comedy genius" dave.

 Quite a few people from work are seeing Bill on Friday and Saturday. I'll be able to spoil it for them. ha ha ha

 ilk.

 But I'm only 26% gay! I blame damo and his ilk for letting the side down.

 No, of course you didn't get up before me Dave. You missed by about half an hour. I predict that you will enjoy Bill Bailey. It is oolarious. He does a very credible impression of Portishead, too. I've already typed this message once, only to be unceremoniously logged out from Blogger, and have my message lost. I hate Websense more than Jesus. And he hates it a lot.

 it's finally urlLink here . mmmmmmmgoodyumyesnice. i never look at the ads, but i suppose they're google context-sensitive efforts. and we've mentioned mckellen and his ilk a fair bit here, so god knows what the old googlometer's made of it all.

 Why is there an advert for gays up at the top of this page? I bet this is really why Ross wanted to move to a blog.

 I'm looking forward to bill...he will be good

 The overnet connection isn't of much use unless you are sharing over 20 odd gigs...overnet is a series of hubs which have minimum shares. Anything of worth is usually only found on servers over 20 gigs...hence if you aren't sharing enough...the hub won't feed you anything. Overnet is pretty pants anyway...I used it a year ago or so for a couple of months...fastish connection speeds but you always get cut off by the people you download from if you ever get going too fast. Not a problem for small files but for films and isos etc. it's a real pain.



 For the record, eDonkey2000 came first, and connects to Overnet and another ed2k server. eMule came second, and seems to run better and look nicer, but it only connects to one ed2k server and not overnet. Og course, they both have updates released regularly, so neither of them are older and therefore worse. I'm not sure which is better, though. Is it lunch time yet?

 I wouldn't say that Greece knoebbed Portugal. Portugal just played really badly and Greece gave them a good Germaning. Mind you, they could well do the same to England

 If you did, wouldn't you know which one came most recently and which was better? I put it to the honourable gentleman that he knows as little as Dave or I...either way, they both smell of poo and wee and stuff. I am phoning Aiden now to tell him to turn up at Hammersmith now...not now...at 7.30...you know what I mean...if you don't...it will be ok...I promise

 Having listened to your collective eDonkey/eMule ramblings, I've come to the conclusion that I am the most knowledgable on the subject. I'm still not sure who I WANT England to face if we get to the Quarter Finals. My inkling is Greece, but then they gave us a run for our money a few years back and dicked Portugal the other day, didn't they? I don't really want to come up against Spain, even though they bottle it a lot. Maybe Portugal is a handy middle road...

 So now we meet in Hammersmith rather than 'somewhere central' Thats fine by me to be honest

 You made me leave the pub with half a jug of beer still left - A sacrilige that you will be made to answer for sometime soon! Emule/Edonkey...one came before the other the latter being based on the prior. Find out which came first and you will have your answer...

 did i get up before you today, ross? i demand answers! i'm super-glad that i have tomorrow off. i think i almost passed out twice earlier, presumably from fatigue. although i did drink half a beer last night, so that could be it.

 i've used emule, and found it prettier. i've no idea how performance compares, though. we face the winner of group a (is it? the one with greece, spain, russia and portugal), assuming we come second in the group. so it looks like spain at the moment, although if greece beat them, it may well be bambos' buddies. i'm finishing work at half five tonight, going home, getting changed, pouring some kind of food into my mouth, then heading for hammersmith about 6.45, i imagine. should arrive a little before half seven, in time to pull aiden out of whichever establishment of ill-repute he's accidentally wandered into, pick up the tickets, resuscitate damo (with those little heart-paddles that george clooney uses) and take our seats in time to hear that the show's cancelled because it's too hot or something. that's my plan.

 You know...M-Games have probably been summoned to the courts in America as a result of Yoav's failure to answer any phone calls from Wireless Developer/Airbourne but unfortunately the letter has been lost in a pile of papers on Wobu's floor. You may think I'm joking...I'm not. Living in ignorance is not intelligent...and yet it is those who think themselves intelligent who are most ignorant. I just made that up...nice.

 I think thats a promise that Joe just can't make, or at least keep. To get to Hammersmith my research tells me you go to Hammersmith tube (which was as big a shock to me as i'm sure it is to you) This lies on the Hammersmith & City, Piccadilly, and District lines. I expect the Apollo should be pretty clearly signposted from the tube. So, whats the plan

 I moved over form the eDonkey to the eMule last night. I am undecided about the change so far. eMule doesn't connect to the Overnet server, does it? So who do we want England to face in the quarter finals if they ever get that far? I demand answers.

 david james = lexie when it comes to football. a massive case of the retardation. our tickets will be waiting for us at the box office tonight. they sent them out in may. i bet woab's swallowed them accidentally. does anyone know how to get to the hammersmith apollo? we'll need to get there for 7.30 or so, i imagine. someone ask aiden. i'll be going to brum for the cricket day, as long as joe promises not to try to put his finger up my bottom when i'm asleep.

 Yeah, I've seen a clip of that on TV. I have no idea what James thought he was doing standing in the middle of the goal there. Becks, as it turned out, knew best.

 Dave, check urlLink this link out Half way down on the right is a picture of Beckham in the wall pointing to the right - The fateful moment I mentioned last night where he shouted at Cole to get back on the line and every time Beckham turned his back, stupid David James sent him back to the wall...need to find a movie of it now.

 The World Health Organisation are going? Crazy. I can't go, I have to be in court at that time. Yes, you heard me.

 Who's going to Joeys Big brummie piss-up. WHO

 there is a shower. but only one, and it turns out that people use it all the time. i'm not sure i should be nipping off for a shower after 9.30, but seeing as i arrived in plenty of time before work and was denied my opportunity, i don't see that i have any choice. it's either shower now or smell bad until lunchtime. no sign of the tickets, but i have a nagging feeling that the envelope containing them is sitting under a stack of papers on yoav's desk somewhere... like that old insurance letter that they still talk about in hushed tones at the back of pubs. i'm calling the customer service line as soon as it opens - at half ten.

 Is this a shower at work? Christ, you have it easy. I wish I got paid to have a shower and go to the gym. Anyway, here's the real question: IF England don't fuck up and manage to get to the quarter finals, which team from Group A do we want to come up against? I need to decide so I know who to support this evening.

 portugal are going to get knocked out tonight. we shall see, say i. the shower is still in use. i've been here since five past nine, and there's been some MOTHER-FUCKER in the shower every time i've tried it. it's enough to make me very angry indeed. and even smellierer.

 and i mostly stank of beer. i'm going for a shower now.

 Yeah, that was my favourite bit too. Gotta love that compski.

 I done finally looked at that 16k thing. for n=0 to 2 Those were the days next n Now that's some funny compsci shit right there.

 You got them tickets yet Dave?

 He's looking to score some streaker poontang! Nice!

 We were losing the game 1-0. She was on there a long time and nobody seemed to want to do anything about it. In the end it was a case of get over there and push her off the pitch... ...the stewards and police were letting her get on with it and they seemed to be quite happy to stand there and look at her. I'm going to send her a letter to say thank you because she fired me up a lot and a few minutes later I scored our equalising goal! Gillingham manager Andy Hessenthaler thanks a streaker for her part in the Gills' win over Wimbledon. Yes, that's the kind of manager we have.

 i've had enough, i'm going to the gyme, and thence to angel, to eat, drink and be miserable in a corner somewhere.

 I just carefully negotiated my right to leave early on Thursday so I can get home in time for England's match, and them I remembered I'm sharing a car with my mum this week, and she'll probably have to work til 5:30. Dude, that is so fucking weak.

 i just found a muddy little stain on the front of my shirt, and i've no idea how long it's been there. i bet people have been staring at it all day, and thinking to themselves that i must enjoy dripping poo on myself in the morning. i bet that's exactly what they've been thinking. either that, or "look at the spistock who can't drink coffee properly". my money is on the former.

 I did give a Mighty Boosh explanation, but then my stupid gay interweb connection lost it for me. Thanks, Websense. Anyway - Boosh: Funny, BBC3 tonight at 22:30, or Monday, 22:30 on BBC2.

 Be the one!!!!!!!

 i concur

 I have no idea what a mighty boosh is, and I am not impressed with your efforts to sell it to me. I would at least expect a short description, the channel it is on and the time it airs. Also, too.

 i also think so too.

 Also, I think I also put too many 'also's' and 'too's' in that last post, too.

 It is indeed Helen's birthday today. You must be some sort of memory man. Let's all have a rousing chorus of that song... you know, the one to wish someone a happy birthday... what's it called again? I hope some of you bummers have been watching The Mighty Boosh. It's veddy funny. Also, I Am Not An Animal is good, too. Although it's now finished, so I guess it was good.

 it must have broken the moment you set up a Conduit of Evil from this page, which would have swamped it with computofilth in seconds.

 I don't understand this at all. I just checked my site, it was all working beautifully. I pasted a link on to this page, and when I clicked on it, my site had stopped working. It's not working now either. What the fuck is that about?

 how's it going, wee man? any luck with the insurance claiming? stop that working nonsense. people will just expect it of you in future. is it helen's birthday today? if so, happy birthday helen. if not, happy birthday ross.

 I looked at that 16k thingy. It looked entertaining, but I have no speakers, so I'll have to have another look when I get home.

 I'm not the Paedo! It's Joey...I'm the one with the sick jokes...Joe's the one that talks about shagging children seriously.

 i find myself in the same boat as damo. it's a bit like life of pi, only with a paedophile instead of a tiger.

 Neither of those links work for me...I feel cheated and lied to...I may well have a little cry

 Yay, my website is working again. My urlLink Larry Botter review is on it if anyone is interested too. And a really old review of urlLink 8 Mile .

 Well you wouldn't until all chance of meeting England again in the championship were gone....wait a minute

 i see bobby pires has very kindly decided not to rub his arsenal colleagues' faces in that consummate french victory. he's a generous chap, isn't he? i appear to be short of a wee pseudoscotsman this morning. and to think i went to the trouble of making that link for him. where be he?

 Any transfers you make should be in the Czechs I reckon...German/Holland will not be high scoring, nor is it safe to predict either will keep a clean sheet. It's kind of hard to keep track of what points you should have though because of managers/cards/goals/clean sheets...even if there is something slightly wrong with the calculation - we all "suffer" from it.

 last night that i went on graham norton's show, and spent the whole time telling him what a big gay bummer he was, to the delight of the audience and much to his amusement. it all seemed fine and funny at the time, but in retrospect i must have come across a terrible homophobe. see what i did there? hur hur gayers.

 Blimey did the French lose last night? That's a turn up for the books. I'm having a few days off from football to get over the terrible, crushing disappointment. I wish I didn't wake up at 7:50 am every day, regardless of when I need to be up.

 Au revoir Froggies I'm in a kind of unique situation in that I really don't dislike any of the teams still left in this tournament ans wouldn't mind it if any of them won. I can't remember that ever happening before

 This page is really gaying me up today.

 I hadn't heard that. I have now. I've run out of things to do now really. Can I be arsed to hang around for another half an hour? There is only me and some weird, low-paid, religious nut who breathes to loudly and talks too quietly left here. I think I'll go. I want to complete Splinter Cell.

 "Posh Spice was confirmed to have broken the World Gang Bang record on Thursday night, when in 120 minutes her shaved c**t f**ked the entire nation."

 has anyone not heard the posh spice gangbang joke?

 professionalism. i've had about 15 football emails today. we're a bitter, bitter nation, aren't we?

 It's always a good idea. I've been needlessly productive today. In fact, I'd say I've done a whole week's worth of work in my few hours here today. But there's nothing else to do... It seems wrong, yet it sounds so right. I have one more job to do, but I can't charge for it if I do it today because I've already charged out my six hours of time. So I might leave it for m'colleague to do on Monday, and spend the next hour an a half filling out a job application form instead.

 i went to the pub and now i'm a bit silly. might miss yoga tonight smell like fags and booze. again.

 Oh god, I have another 4 hours of this misery to go.

 Well, I don't think I'm supposed to talk about it, but it probably can't do any harm. However, I think I'll wait until I've been released for good (next week) before I spill my guts.

 are you allowed to tell us about your trial of the century yet?

 I have been away from work for four days. Now I've come back, I have remembered two things: 1) Avril on reception is fit and I want to muck up her lens. 2) Work is incredibly boring.

 Yes, I enjoyed seeing Cole piss rings round the spotty little wanker. Also, Neville played well the whole tournament. Gary, not Phil, obviously.

 and at least ashley cole pitied that fool ronaldo all night long.

 and get rid of the jump

 I appologise if this has posted twice, I can assure you it's not my fault. ... message ends.

 Yeah, the dutch are going out in the next match anyway, so my support for them will be short lived. Besides, I've noticed while watching them that they are very entertaining - every so often they let what appears to be a horse on to the pitch and they just let it gallop at the goal. From six yards out. The context banner at the top seems to be about football now. Oh yeah, dave, I've noticed that when I load this page and scroll down, it suddenly jumps back to your anchor tag at the top. So I have to scroll down again. I thought perhaps I had a #top on the end of my bookmark, but I don't. So it must be your fault that this happens. Make it stop doing that to me.

 my first reaction was to go with the dutch, as i've done in every competition since 1998 after we've gone out ("dennish bergkamp! dennish bergkamp! DENNISH BERGKAMP!" etc), but then i remembered that the world's only other diving horse plays for them, and i don't want him to win anything. so now i'm an honourary czech. go praha. go pavel.

 I couldn't post a message so have sent him an email instead...told him it was 12 against 11 last night and that I had awarded him the Man of the Match award - I have never seen a player influence a match so much.

 www.ursmeier.ch/referee/ref60.html He's got his own webshite, leave the fucker some feedback

 I'm siding with the dutch and the Czechs, just as soon as I've assassinated a certain Swiss referee.

 That was a negative, and what i need is 2 positives. Oh well, at least all that 'eng-er-lund are gonna win' bollocks is finished. All we need is Henman to go out of Wimbledon as soon as hunmaly possible and we can have a relaxed fucking summer. The weight of my support is now behind the Czechs

 my fantasy football team is going to need some tinkering.

 I'm sticking with my line up of Anglais, Dutchies and Czechs. They excite me

 I've gone all English tonight, no portu-gays. Call me Jingoistic if you will. I've got a few frogs, dutch and a swede too.

 i've got loads of dam' portugesh in my side now.

 i'm sticking firmly with sweden tonight. i can't afford any decent players anyway.

 Indeed. I have put a guy away. I have to go back on Monday and do it all again though. And I have to go to work tomorrow I think. Also, Malaga is in Spain, not Greece, although I suspect damo will protest that he already knew that, but not offer an explanation of his Greece - Malaga comment. Call me Nostradamus. I need to tinker with my team for tonight's match... do I put my eggs in the England basket, or do I "bet against" them to ensure a result either way. Hmmm.



 i hear ya.

 I see mediawatch has 'The Page That Would Get Excited If It Wasn't So Busy' at the top the page today. Thats me that is

 i did it this morning, and that was fine. i might now skip the gym and knock off back to camden and change before the match. that way, i could eat some Original Home Cooking. which is to say, microwave nasty. i need a bambos now. my guts are all wrong.

 japs all top themselves

 I suggest that we all get drunk and be merry tonight...all those in favour say aye. Dave, Yoga at 6.30 is not allowed tomorrow...I heard it on the radio

 a wank i think. where is ross? oh that's right, glastonbury. and fonz is putting someone away for bum-rape. oh, the irony. i have work to do and am bored. is the rest of the country like this? is this why the japs are doing better? ARE the japs doing better? ... bored bored bored bored bored. this must be how bambos feels all the time.

 popbitch is also 3 steps short of what it promised.

 POpbitch has lots of links in it today, none of which I can look at at work I'm sure

 Yeah, the last one was good fun...I've decided I might get wasted...I've invested heavily in the English as a sign of support. Personally I think the French are where the points are at for the quarterfinals though...the Greeks are going to get hammered right in that place they enjoy so much...Malaga!

 it was an offal lot better last time round. and with carwyn at our table, we can unleash him on anyone who irritates us this time.

 I didn't really like that place. It was a bit full of braying twats. If I were you I would watch the match elsewhere

 who's coming to ed's big gay partay at motion this evening? i'm told that a monkey-wolf-fish-boy will be in attendance.

 now i'm nervous.

 ok, i've put some eggs in englands basket

 I thought you had a bit of a shit day pointswise yesterday Dave. I had four Dutchmen, including Van Nistelrooydonk. I was bit gutted about the Czech second string, i was pretty sure Nedved would be rested but I expected Cech to play at least. I actually like the look of my team now and am going to restrict my tinkering, i wouldn't mind a Portugeasy player or two but would that be disloyal? I might transfer out Reizeger for an englishman maybe.

 i can't believe that i forgot to tinker with my team yesterday. not a single dutchman. i'll never recover.

 i'm still disappointed that they played their second XI last night. i missed out on all the points i should have got. right... portugese defenders for tonight's match, then?

 I lurve the czechs. I furking lurve them

 That's weird, it looks better now. It's an intermittent problem. Also, I don't think the Ag monster is in that film, but one of the two main characters is 30.

 I see. Two more things: This page is broken. The bit on the right is all wrong in my browser here. Secondly, does anyone know when Andy And Jenny's anniversary is?

 although someone tole me that the aguilera monster was in it, and she's about 33. the main one is 17, as far as i know. which is legal in some states. anyway, you should never use that phrase, as what you need to say is: "...while definitely a girl film, there's plenty of eye candy from which the boys can form ejaculatory teenage fuck fantasies..." i have a new plan for the weekend. ed's driving up on saturday morning from epsom, so i'm going to high-tail it down there pronto on saturday and join him in the capri-of-love all the way up the m40. assuming we go down the m40. as such, i won't be going up on friday anymore. in case that wasn't clear. i'm hungry.

 I'm writing a review of Mean Girls. Do you think I'm allowed to say the following: "...while definitely a girl film, there's plenty of eye candy for boys to feast their eyes on too..." Or does that just reveal to the world what a pervert I am? I think the girls in it play 15 year olds, but the actresses that play them are about 18 I think. I'm wrong, aren't I?

 I didn't realise god had such a fondness for chips. If I try to download that tube map thing, will it cost me Bucks, and will it be shit?

 the old ones are the best ones, eh?

 ha ha HA

 Ronaldo, Luis Figo and Wayne Rooney are standing before God at the throne of Heaven. God looks at them and says; "before granting you a place at my side, I must first ask you what you believe in." Addressing Ronaldo first he asks, "what do you believe?" Ronaldo looks God in the eye and states passionately, "I believe Football to be the food of life. Nothing else brings such unbridled joy to so many people from the slums of Rio to the bright lights of Madrid. I have devoted my life to bring such joy to people who stood on the terraces supporting their club." God looks up and offers Ronaldo the seat to his left. He then turns to Luis Figo , "and you, Luis , what do you believe?" Figo stands tall and proud, "I believe courage, honour and passion are the fundamentals to life and I've spent my whole playing career providing a living embodiment of these traits." God, moved by the passion of the speech offers Figo the seat to his right. Finally, he turns to Wayne Rooney , "and you, Wayne , what do you believe?" "I believe" says Rooney "you're sitting in my seat."

 just having a Shiddy Day. sorry. and i had so much to say, too.

 seriously

 is anyone there

 http://www.bbc.co.uk/weather/5day.shtml?id=1045 dammit

 Orange users can text 'tubemap' to 60835 to download it as a free application

 i see that the italians are claiming that the scandy result was a fix. well they would, wouldn't they?

 I'd probably change Ibrahimovich for Larsson and possibly Zambrotta for, wait for it....Ashley Cole. I hate Ronaldo - He is a one trick wonder to me but he throws defences into disarray which is pretty damn useful so I would leave him in.

 tomasson might be worth a shout up front, but only because of end result, rather than thkillth and that. and gravesen is a gee boo. i'd say that to his face. i too had a message from aj, and it only upset me a little. but then he really does love too much, doesn't he? that ross: hippie. send me the pit crew thing. i am damp.

 I'd have Van Der Saar (?) in goal and I'd leave out Ronaldo, he's a one trick pony. Overall, I'm pretty glad the Italians are out. They are the Peter Ebdon of European football - they grind you down.

 Ok, I know the group stages aren't even finished so this is premature but this is my team of the tournament so far. GK: Sorensen LB: Zambrotta RB: Neville CB: Campbell CB: Carvalho LM: Nedved RM: Ronaldo CM: Zidane CM: Gravesen F: Ibrahimovich F: Rooney Discuss

 I'm going to Glastonbury.

 I actually felt really sorry for the Italians at that moment. Then i remembered how they've bored me shitless during the rest of the tournament and began taking glee. I've seen that photo of Rooney, its quite good. Has anyone seen the mocked up sky sports article about ferrari hiring some new pit crew, thats also quite funny. Did anyone else receive a slightly disturbing, slightly Damo-esque message from Mr Sinnott after the England game

 eeeexcellent. good old the scandies. did anyone else take perverse glee from the look on cassano's face when he scored and 6 seconds later? i'm damaged, aren't i?

 Have Bewilderness now so will bring copy on thursday

 No.

 To explain the drivel in last post...photo of rooney halfway through his celebration flip...trail of hub caps, wallets, etc. falling out of his shirt. Haven't seen photo of ZZ Bald Top's chunder...kind of glad I haven't as well!

 Has anyone seen the footage of Zidane chucking up before he scored the penalty against us? Shame the French bastard didn;t slip over in it like that guy in Gran Canaria.

 I wouldn't Ross...he just wants to make a masturbate over you. Anyone seen the photo of Rooney doing halfway through his flip celebration from the Switzerland match with a continuous flow of wallets and hub caps falling out of his shirt? It's tres amusing

 i demand that you post a picture of yourself with no hair. a picture of your head, that is.

 i thought i might have been labouring the point a little. anyway, fonz is the one with the dodgy blood system - clearly not enough blood to go around there.

 you forgot the bit about big men having poor cirulation

 Hats Off To Daniel Taylor of The Guardian for this couplet: 'Owen, once the baby-faced assassin, has had to make way for Rooney, the assassin-faced baby.'

 600 Baby!

 i'm going to catch you, damo. and when i do, i'm going to hold you down. i have no definite plans at all for the weekend, aside from finish work at some point and get on a train. then call joe when i get to new street. maybe i should think about it a bit more.

 so, as far as this weekend goes. has anyone got any firm plans yet? has anyone actually spoken to Joey and found out what, if anything might be happening on the friday night.

 I shot ahead on the fantasy again...only a few furlongs to go now!

 i dun did yoga again this morning. i feel curiously warm now. i wonder whether the two are related. does anyone know any english wingers?

 In answer to your question fonz, it happened the minute David James became England keeper. Trot forward 3 steps, he's coming to get it. back 3 steps, oh no he isn't. oops they've scored

 tee hee hee hee ross hee hee hee. wee hee man tee hee.

 Good game, good game. Shame we can't defend set pieces really, isn't it? When did that start happening?

 wow, that Rooney'll be a good player once he's grown into his face But dammit, When is Garth Crooks going to confirm we've qualified

 Shit! He must have a foot like a traction engine!

 I just listened to His 'n' Hers. I'd forgotten what a spanking good album it is. Also, I've had all my hair cut off, and now I'm cold. Message ends.

 To clarify...it isn't the website introducing the ban on smacking children - there won't be bbc police running around banning people from the website with shouts of "You were smacking your child whilst viewing our website!"...no it's the government. Stupid government

 Just read an article on the bbc news website that is talking about introducing a ban on smacking children. All fine and well...what happens when you have a deaf, dumb and blind kid raping women left right and centre...how do you let him know he's done something wrong - the beats of course. I think they need to work a few clauses into this bill...clearly not a enough thought has gone into it

 That game is appalling. What were you thinking, Dave?

 That is the worst game I've played in a long long time. If I'd made that, I'd be ashamed to put my name to it.

 urlLink this is rubbish, and reminds me of a beavis and butthead minigame from 1997 which was much better. and it's in italian.

 damn you fonz, my gun was jumped. i'm mostly looking forward to you trying not to discuss the trial before it's concluded, and making one small but significant mistake which leads to death by burglary.

 or something

 I'm shitting bricks about tonight, and I am not confident at all. It's a potential death trap. Mine field. Whatever the expression is. I've been juryorying. It's incredibly dull. I might tell you all about when it's all over.

 If we look at recent facts though. 1/You were filled with impending doom for France - Proven correct. 2/Switzerland you were confident we would win - Proven correct Result - Confidence tonight = Victory for England Reasons why the above is balls statistically...endless

 you're right, ross, but unfortunately i find it really, really funny. bambos is to blame, honest. he is . i'm feeling confident for the first time this tournament, which is a very bad sign indeed.

 i'm feeling extremely unconfident for tonight

 Yeah, I've already got almost the entire portugal squad in mine, so only a fool would do the same now. I am cursed. And, like most people, I have no desire to see Macy Gray in the nude. Mmmm, nude.

 I'm gonna get as many Portugeezers in my team as possible and then greece are going to fuck me. i just know it

 So Macy Gray is to perform naked for charity then? I can't help thinking she would raise more money asking people to pay her to keep her clothes on...there's just no need Macy

 If I can get away with mucking around with a countess, I think you will be fine Manx!

 pissed, and wondering if the posh bird is too posh for me i'm scum

 oh shit, marlon brando's dead. he looked so healthy too

 pore old fat marlon. i heard he was living in poverty the other day, so it's probably for the best. the fat bugger. i'm all going on a summer holiday so i'll see yous all in a week or so. westside.

 i was knackered when i woke up, then i had to work hard all day. Now however i have that friday feeling

 Me too. I was tired when I woke up, then I used all my energy getting to 12:00, and then I nearly yawned my head off. Need... sleep...

 No it isn't, you are just being silly now. Have a good holiday stupido Dave. This afternoon has gone very slowly. Tonight I intend to go to bed early and sleep for 30 or 40 hours. It will be good

 urlLink this is damo. it is.

 sometimes my rss is a little slow, but it gets there in the end. try tinkering with its properties.

 bbc news website!

 My RSS thing is not updating automatically. What the deuce?

 yes, but i'm off tonight and you're not sitting next to me with those books in your hand, unlike my waterstones bag. although it doesn't have hands. you know what i mean.

 I could have lent you at least two of those books

 You lucky, lucky man. I'm updating my website. Really I need Dave to revamp the design for me, youy know, before he pisses off on holiday. The good news is, it looks nice on my new monitor. It looked pap om my old one.

 i've fed mine the feedburner rss, then all i need to do is leave the mouse pointer over each post for a couple of seconds to get the full effort. it's not perfect, though - although you can jam it full of rss feeds from all over the place and it keeps you informed. sort of. the bbc ones are good. it also saves me looking out of the window by telling me what the weather is like outside. i went shopping. i got: empire magazine (although i had to buy a second copy cos mysteriously the pages got stuck together on the first one, right about page 100) black dahlia dave gorman's googlewhack adventure love all the people (bill hicks) last tango in aberystwyth (read the first one - briwwiant) it was 3 for 2 on, um, 3 of them. now i want to sit down and read them all immediately.

 I was wondering that. Ok I'ver got this sidebar thing going on,and I'm on board with the idea. But the best I can make it do is display the first few words of each message on the BOA, and if I click on it, it loads up the full boa in IE. That's no good. Tell me how to configure it Dave.

 how do you find this crap?

 Fuck me! Look at the picture of the three guys a bit further down...Instant reaction is "Geeks"...then look at the T-Shirt the fella on the left is wearing...he's a member of the Bridge Clug...Fuck me sideways

 http://www.speakeasy.org/~lion/ This guy is the biggest fucking geek in the world - Yoav could end up like this chap. Do not start reading the web page...you will find yourself disgusted and cursing in disbelief that someone could be such a complete geek. The picture that loads up at the top should be all you need...Jesus I can't get over what a complete geek this person is....

 and damo is ted ghopal.

 urlLink Marshall Boone is manx. As for books... Gee, I don't know. Have you read The Beach? I assume you have, but it's a great book to read on holiday. Treasure Island is good also. I like to read those Penguin Classics, cos they're cheap.

 i use desktop sidebar, which is not the best rss reader by any means, but has a host of other handy little functions. i've got 2 15" screens, so plenty of space for it; don't know whether your single gorgeous 19" lovestick can spare a couple of inches down the side. i'm going out at lunchtime to buy books and a copy of empire. now is the time to give me any final recommendations. i think wobu is back from israel - either that, or there was a really clumsy burglar who didn't steal anything crashing around in the kitchen at 2 o'clock this morning. i know on which i'd bet.

 Knightley: got told off by her landlord for smearing blue paint on the carpet while filming King Arthur. That was all she revealed about her home life as far as I can tell. I think Empire is probably worht you buying this month, not just for the Knightley, but mostly for that. Someone tell me which RSS Reader I should be using. I want to know which one is the bestest. My new computer at work is now complete, and I'm very excited. Just look at my new 19" TFT monitor. LOOKATIT!

 thatsa lotta crappa! etc.

 I've been told to clean up disc pace at work. apparentlyI have over 600 gig of crap lying around. oh well

 "Football fans all across Europe will rejoice this Autumn, as Konami of Europe confirms the first details of what will rate as one of the most anticipated games of 2004: Pro Evolution Soccer 4. Due for release on PlayStation 2, PC DVD and for the first time in the series’ history, the Xbox™ videogame system from Microsoft, Pro Evolution Soccer 4 once again sets new standards in control, aesthetics and realism." full announcement and screenshots (on page 2) urlLink http://www.pesfan.com/bulletin/showthread.php?s=&threadid=37438" target="_blank">here spidermun 2 sounds hellagood. it's just a shame that ross isn't in it. how's the new house, wee man? tell me more of the knightley interview. which parks does she walk through at night?

 That is not the bright side. There's quite a good interview with the Knightley in this month's Empire magazine. It also has a cool Spider Man 2 cover. I am starting to get feverishly excited about the next Spidey outing.

 um... if she's anything like the aguilera monster, spears is probably getting banged rough up the arse on a nightly basis, so she may not be preggers... wait a minute... up the arse... nightly... sounds a bit like excuse me for a moment

 I have two things to announce: 1). I have effectovely insured that Greece will win Euro 2004 by buying the entire Portugal team in Fantasy Football. 2). I will officially dissociate myself from anything Spears related if I find out she's pregnant.

 Beers, cocktails, football, strip joint - Last night was a proper night out it has to be said. Tonight - Recover Saturday - Cocktail bar, me one other guy...14 fit girls...this week looks like being one to remember

 it's my bloody curse again. mind you, portugal have nothing to worry about: in their quarter final, the referee was swiss; their opponents had knocked out switzerland in the group stage, and his performance was highly questionable. in their semi final, the referee was swedish; their opponents had knocked out sweden in the previous round, and his performance was highly questionable. now all we need is a czech referee for the final, and we're all set. although he's german. but he probably hates the greeks anyway. seriously, it IS a conspiracy. i've not done any packing, and that was my one aim this evening. i can't do anything.

 Fuck I can't believe the fucking pseudo-germans have reached the finals

 i've cursed poor old pavel too. greeks are doing well, though, innit?

 I put in a couple of token greeks, but I've got enough transfers to take all the Czechs out of my team if they don't make the final I think.

 If the Czechs fuck up tonight then my team is a bit screwed

 I'm here, and I've finally been dismissed from Ian Dury duty. I've got an evening of FFX-2, beer and football planned, and I literally can't wait to have it spoilt by whatever will arise. The best laid plans etc. And these plans aren't at all well laid.

 nuts to this. i'm off for a barry white.

 i keep trying to do that. work all day, that is. unfortunately, it turns out that i'm not trying very hard.

 I was working for all of yesterday really without break...your copy is made and merely needs to be delivered!

 where have you been? and where's my copy? and other demands! i demand that ross festoon me with his gooey lifestyle wisdom.

 Allo, Allo...I watched Bewilderness last night finally - Half his jokes I'd heard at the Hammersmith...surprisingly enough the other half I hadn't

 i've had maniche for ages. he's helluvacheap. shame i cursed every single other player i had (and even maniche got subbed off): valente: booked maniche: subbed overmars: booked and subbed robben: booked and subbed deco: bollocks horse: bollocks pretty good i think you'll agree. transfer time...

 It turns out I had a 2-1 ratio of portugays to dutch, but I didn't have any goal scorers by the looks of things. Best make some transfers.

 hmmmm, I had a few too many Dutchies and not enough Portugays in my team tonight I reckon. Still at least I had Ronaldo. I'm quite pissed off that I flipped a coin to decide between Maniche and Seedorf for the final place in my midfield and it landed on Seedorf. Now for wholesale changes

 I accidentaly just did my impression of Madonna circa 1987. Sorry about that. I just finished reading Little Women , by Louisa May Alcott, which I believe makes me Edercated. I quite enjoyed it, really. But it's not as good as the Geisha book. Speaking of holidays, my mum has been saying I should have one, and she's now got to the stage where she's going to go in some travel agents and try and find one for me, so I'll get back to people about it when she comes up with the goods. Obviously, I'm too lazy to investigate the situation myself. I thought at one point I wasn't. I was wrong.

 ok. where is everyone else today? is damo dead(er)? has ross recovered from glasto? does he still have more hair on his chin than on his head?

 Just to clarify, I meant you should read 'Join Me' by Danny Wallace, not just that you should join me in reading the Black Dahlia. although you should actually do that too

 might as well. any others? has ross read any books while growing his leg hair?

 Join Me

 black dahlia

 on saturday, for a week in france with my dad and my little sister (who just finished her gcses and reckons she's suddenly a growed-up). i'm going to take a lot of books with me, i think. any suggestions? i'm just finishing fonz's geisha book. it's good.

 jamie "fat-tongue" oliver was telling me the virtues of sainsbury's sausages just last night. i didn't believe him, though. i hope banksy enjoyed his fry-up leftovers.

 Tesco have a good selection of sausages I've discovered. I had some traditional pork and herb ones cooked by Gibbos fair hand on sunday and some pork and chilli ones last night. I also have some Pork and stilton in the freezer. They're on offer at the moment Great

 I watched that Boosh thing once. I didn't think it was very funny. I have seen Monkey Dust, and I thought it was quite good.

 at last, and watched monkey dust and the mighty boosh on bbc three. i was hella-impressed. "have you ever seen brian ferry? does he look like terry wogan?"

 urlLink Director news urlLink Similar news Hmm. I'm sure I remember more news than that. The news section was called something different until a few months ago. It looks like they only have the High Noon news available on their search engine.

 I can't find any interesting stories, where are they. apparently i'm 42% black, not as high as Joe i'm sure

 Sooner or later, urlLink this is going to cause me to kill someone.

 I've done that before, by leaving a posting window open for a few minutes, it uses the time the page was loaded, not the time you pressed "Submit". I remember now, Scarlet is playing the woman. I should have mentioned that earlier. There have been quite a few interesting stories about the Dahlia on the BBC film site over the past 6 months or so. I'm supposed to be writing a review of Shrek 2 (bless you) but all I really want to do is play FFX-2.

 How did I magically post a reply to Manx before he said it?

 Scarlett Johansson is to play the woman aparently, thats a choice i actually agree with

 Oh yes, it was Scarlett, not Kiera.

 knightley. now you've done it.

 I don't think so, but I did hear about her being in something recently... I just can't remember what. Oh yeah, the new Pride and Prejudice. Like we need another version.

 Isn't that Keira Knightley chap pencilled in for a role? Or did I imagine that?

 Its just such bad casting, both those cops are supposed to be double-hard ruthless bastard ex boxer types, I also think wahlberg and hartnett are too young. I'd cast Michael Chiklis, in both roles

 I am a font of Knowledge, dahlia wise. Lessee: I've read it, and enjoyed it. It's about a woman who gets murdered in LA in the 50s, and two cops have to investigate. And they both fall in love with a girl who looks a bit like the girl who was murdered. She is nicknamed the Black Dahlia, and it's pronounced DAY-LEE-AAHH. Hartnett and Wahlberg do play the two cops, Fire and Ice or whatever their names are. Their names both begin with B I think. Anyway, it's been in the pipeline for quite a while now, and will doubtless be cack. No LA Confidential, that's fo' sho'.

 ross, with this on-line geekery, you are spoiling us. i'm tempted, which shames me. but it would cut down my wanking hours, which is a problem. i'd have to miss work for 30 days to compensate. i wonder whether anyone would notice?

 Anarchy Online recently celebrated it's third anniversary, and as a special pressie I have been given three keys to allow people to play the game itself, and both expansion packs, free for thirty days. I know, you can scarcely contain your excitement. Nonetheless, if any of you want to try it out, let me know and I'll emailer you one of the keys. urlLink This is the game's site, if you want to check it out.

 maybe marky mark will play a bumbling, affable corpse in this one. i've never read the black dahlia, and have no idea what it is about nor how to pronounce it correctly. hell, this probably isn't even the right spelling. what's wrong with the neoboa today?

 They should call it the Black Daisy to avoid confusing the Yanks.

 Hmmm, I see their making a fillum of The Black Dahlia. That would be good, except the cast list seems to include the words Wahlberg and Hartnett

 tee hee. they're right about the Big Man, again, too.

 'Soccer star Jonathan Woodgate was helped from a bar pouring blood from a head-wound - after glassing HIMSELF' - The Sun. Apparently, he thought he had a blackhead.

 the monkey claw is smelly.

 was the doll amusingly bearded, and sitting on a rusty iron spike? that's attention to detail, that is.

 It wasn't me...I was in the pub with my mates - drinking to Ross's Last Stand. That's what they've named the mud puddle that Ross passed away in at Glastonbury. Some sweet fella from the Gnome Brigade has even left a little doll dressed in a tartan skirt next to the now dried up spot that claimed wee Ross Mctaggart. When the wind blows the skirt lifts gently to reveal a couple of shrivelled walnuts...they knew him well.

 why is this blog listed as not found? have we been shut down because i mentioned rusty iron spikes? or was it the german marching? or was it damo?

 You may also want to ensure there is a nearby hospital - This will allow you to sit on your 6 foot spike safe in the knowledge that you are only a stone's throw away from getting NHS treatment for the recurring internal haemorraging and gangrene outbreaks you suffer at the hands of your preferred domicile.

 is it a pain in the bum because you're moving onto a 6-foot rusty iron spike? remember, ross: location, location, location. ensure that your rusty iron spike is close to local schools, shops and amenities, and has a view of the canal.

 I have to move house tomorrow. That's a bit of a pain in the bum.

 your arse

 I'm back, and sporting a rather fetching beard. It's coming off when I can be arsed to shave.

 Interesting. I've just been watching T. Menman playing tennis. For a moment there, it looked like he'd learnt how to hold his serve.

 I think its two days after manx's birthday but I'm not certain

 not until august time if I remember correctly

 I can't make that link work. I forgot to do my transfers before the Czech Republic game, that pisses me off. I have been in court again today, laying down the law at some mofos. Seems I'll be doing the same thing for much of this week. Now somebody tell me when Andy's Wedding Anniversary is.

 urlLink a touch of the damos .

 i need a wee. that's better.

 if only he'd taken his mud raft.

 Ross fell over face first into a pool of mud and died. His wee arms were unable to lift himself that inch or so necessary to clear the mud line and he suffocated to death. In actual fact I doubt he has managed to get away from the site yet...

 is fonz still having his day in court today? and when is the wee man back from the land of druids and mushrooms?

 i've made some transfers again. i think i need more czechs.

 Yeah I know...I have to give up now really...have missed 3 days of transfers (dad was in hospital) as you would see if you look at who makes up my team! I would be champion still else...and you know it.

 you suck Damo, you getting yo ass kicked in the fabtasy football now

 after getting back to the flat in time for the second half of the czech game, i thought i'd best get to bed early or i'd be as sick as a dog this morning. so i went to bed after fantasy football, and read for a bit, then turned off the light, lay back, and immediately felt incredibly sick. spent several hours going to and from the bathroom feeling like i was going to throw up, then not throwing up. i AM bitter today. i could have spent that time playing pes with a bucket in my lap, if i'd known.

 I'm very tired and would appreciate it if a little imp were to setup a bed by the side of my desk that I can sleep on for a while

 Well, he was right. I've been massaged, and now I can't move properly. Ross, truthofitismate, that is why web front ends are the way forward. Also, no client side installation is required for uprages. That's supposed to say upgrades. Ouch.

 I like a man who knows his own worth "Within minutes of injuring my knee I sensed it was not going to be a happy ending for the Czech Republic" Pavel Nedved

 hmmm

 haven't done any more work yet

 i've done all my work for the day now

 This morning I mostly split my database into a back and front end, and converted the front end so I can run it from both XP and NT using the same data. Unfortunately, that seems to have buggered up the referential integrity rules. Look how interesting my job is.

 Last night I downloaded and viewed the episode of South Park that Dave told me too. It was quite funny , the only problem was that Dave had already told me in extremely minute detail exactly what happen

 If I were to be arrested, I'd want it to be for something like urlLink this .

 I bet it was really interesting. Come on, I can't take the suspense! I'm running out of things to read on the interweb.

 I had something to say yesterday, when the BOA wasn't working. Now i can't remember what

 It looks like it. I am bored today, and it's looking like I have to stay here until 5:30 today, when I'm entitled to leave at 12. That's rubbish that is.

 is this working yet

 bit bored today

 bit bored today

 http://www.spiteyourface.com/spidey.html Download this and watch it - its better than the film !

 http://www.wagenschenke.ch/

 http://www.empireonline.co.uk/site/news/newsstory.asp?news_id=15992 YES

 In order of fitness it goes blonde, darkie, mutyaisevil munter. However, I'd only class the blonde as definitely fit. But I think the darkie would get it.

 I'm going to a party in August...on the invitation list one of the people is called Kiera Knightley...more as a joke I asked Amelia if this was Kiera as in the film star. She just laughed and failed to give a response - now I'm all intrigued.

 Well the very coloured one...I wouldn't use the term "fit" however more "acceptably photographical" - and yes...she would get it

 2 fit ones, which is the other fit one besides blondie. Please refrain from using their names as I don't know them. Colours will suffice

 2 fit ones, which is the other fit one besides blondie. Please refrain from using their names as I don't know them. Colours will suffice

 That would be the one...I find it pretty amusing that almost all the (I refrained putting a made up statistic in there in favour of a sweeping statement) Sugababe photos you see are of the two fit ones. I guess mutya or whatever her name is would be better suited to the "Dirty Slut" editorials that find haven on the top shelves of magazine stalls.

 Which one's the chav? The really munting one presumably. Mutya?

 I quiet fancy getting trollied in a pub... I was pleased to see that the Chav from the Sugababes was voted in the top 10 celebrity mingers last night on sky. Gaffers was there obviously as well.

 What am I saying? I must have misread her age. I almost forgot I was 19 then. I want to go back to bed about now.

 younger than you. I'm 19

 I can't believe this urlLink raddled old tart is younger than us.

 Is it "Ku Klux Klan"? I can never remember, but it's a stupid name anyway. I just got a free copy of the Scissor Sisters' album. Maybe that will help me decide if I like them or not. Where the giddy fuck is manx? And why doesn't my RSS feed work properly? My Blur-esque quote from earlier was intentional by the way. I'm going to try and work in an Oasis one later.

 I had a look at that BBC thing about the modern art. It is indeed poo. What is more poo, though, is that the reporter made the schoolboy error of calling the KKK the 'Klu Klux Klan'. Now see how many far-right Google ads we get.

 I just got my computer back from being fixed, and now it has XP on it. Mmm, XP. Unfortunately, however, it doesn't have Access, which is a slight drawback when I'm supposed to be doing database design. Oh well.

 Ooh, you're like Blur. Almost.

 Well, hopefully this one will be hanging around for a couple of weeks, giving me plenty of time to muck up her lens. Modern art is rubbish.

 Fonz you are so wrong in the head, you need serious help, that was a wasted opportunity if I've seen one. You should have jumped her bones... http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/entertainment/arts/3871039.stm Half way down page - a donor kebab stand with references to the klu klux clan and world war 2. It's fucking stupid...and I bet the national lottery funded it with the "we are funding new artists to produce cutting edge pieces of work" line...cutting edge my arse. I don't spite the artists, only the retards that insist on spending money to sponsor this sort of crap. Makes me want to break stuff.

 You're heading down a dangerous road, Fonz... it's called Spencer Pyle Avenue.

 I've been quite busy today. I'm getting worried. A fit girl was shown round our office today, and I definitely would have. Turns out she's still at school and is here on work experience. This means she's 15 or 16. I have completely lost the ability to judge girl's ages. That's the third time that's happened to me this year.

 Sweet Jeebus work is boring today.

 We can but hope.

 I think it will be like X-2 - a defining piece of comic book film-making. I wonder if Dunst will get her nips out again.

 It will be like X-Men 2 I reckon - A roaring ride of action/special effects with a cheesy love story underneath...enjoyable to watch but not something I can see more than a couple of times.

 Don't trust someone named after an operating system. Spider-Man 2 will be arse-some, like 100 hot dogs.

 From the Onion horoscopes: Aquarius: (Jan. 20—Feb. 18) Newton's laws say that for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction, proving he knew nothing about women. I don't believe you about Spider-man, Bambos, for the simple fact that you think Armageddon is a good film.

 Saw Spider Man 2 last night... It was utter bollox.

 Yeah, he bonked her alright. Where is everybody? Looking back, it seems I spent most of yesterday talking to myself. No change there really... What do I put on the front page of my film website? I demand the answers!

 Simone made him do a sex wee...It fell off afterwards and now he believes he can only satisfy small children

 Hey hey hey! I just remembered something. When Joe bonked Simone in Chamberlain. Happy days... [He bonked her.]

 Right, here's a good question: What the hayell do I have on the front page of my film website?

 He went to France to make love to a schoolboy. At least, that's what I heard.

 I couldn't agree more. When you pinch a girl's bum they should smile and possibly give you a flash of their undies, and when you pounce on them and try to snog them, they should not only let you, but be extremely grateful for the attention afterwards.

 Fonz's message came back. What the fug is up with Blogger? Damo, you were doing so well - but it would also be 'fewer people in jail'... I must take up Dave's crusade while he is away. Where did he go, anyway?

 Interweb is important it has to be said. Saturday night was good fun...me, 3 other guys, 15 or so fit women. In a club being molested by 4 women at once was awesome. Which brings me around to an important point. When I'm in a club and grab random women, a slap can be expected or perhaps a firm kick in the junks. Women need to be more open to the occasional grab and squeeze/forced kiss/love making...that way there would be fewer rapes and less people in jail.

 I seem to have killed Fonz's message.

 We get the keys to our new house tomorrow evening. One of the first things I'll be doing is phoning up Telewest to say 'make proper telly come on my telly, and make porn come on my interweb.' Yes.

 Oh yeah, you done moved house, didn't you? Let's all laugh at Ross and his cack TV and lack of innernet. Where the heck is everyone today? And when I say everyone, I mean Manx. I went to the pub at lunch time and it was great. There's a new bar maid there who is the fittest bird I have clapped eyes on for a very long time. I'm going again tomorrow lunch time, at which point I will be asking for a detailed copy of her work roster. If she often works there between the hours of 11-6, I'm going to have to find a different job I think, so I have more time to camp at her door step. I think "camp" was the wrong choice of word there. Perhaps not.

 why no tv and no interweb McRoss? I lost interweb for a bit yesterday...

 No really, it does. I only have five TV channels. It's like living in the stone age.

 I'd quite like to see him direct though. I only hope they can convince Vin Diesel or The Rock to take the part of Superman - it'd be one hell of a film... Lois Lane - Whoopi Goldberg?

 The Man of Steel is also grabbing headlines today after the Superman logo appeared on www.michaelbay.com, which claims to be the "official" website of the golden-haired helmer. It sparked a wave of rumours that Bay might be about to replace Charlie's Angels director McG in the hot seat of the long-awaited Superman remake. The Superman people try desperately to sign up the worst director in Hollywood.

 Ahhh, another classic 1-0 victory by the Greeks. I sure am glad I didn't have to watch the Italians grind their way to another final when we've got the Greeks to do it instead.

 The best thing about this whole championship - seeing Ronaldo cry...it made me smile and feel warm inside

 We will be wedding-ing, but the invitation is still packed somewhere, and I've forgotten all the details. This means I haven't booked as a hotel or anything yet, as well.

 christ, knightley's looking uncannily like portman these days. or what portman ought to, had she not let herself go a bit. anyone seen the photos from the king arthur premiere? another pot here, nurse.

 nope. he said the guys he was working for were "pretty small time". or something like it. i think he was going for trump before.

 Did he get that internship he wanted? You know, for that guy I'd vaguely heard of, but didn't know who he was? You know, the one that made Wobav cream himself when he spoke of him?

 who else is going to weedavey's weeding? that's when we run around a park with some roundup and a trowel.

 he should keep a diary of his internship in noo yawk. "today, i made coffee, did some photocopying, and gave seven blow jobs. i love my job. dah." i'm telling you, it's all true.

 I wish Wobav would put something on his blog, so I could muck it up.

 i'm intrigued by... no, nothing. nothing at all.

 That bloke is clearly not me. He likes rubbish things, like Macs, iPods and shit photographs. Plus, red is not a good choice of background colour, especially when you use mustard yellow for links. Mmm, culinary.

 I've found urlLink Ross' Blog . It took me about 30 seconds on google.

 Hmm, I think I might burn a buggerload of MP3s onto a cd and then post them to manx. And take them home for myself obviously.

 Yes, I might pop for one of those pretty shortly. I must remember to send my CV into work so i can apply for some jobs while I'm here.

 for a barry white.

 dyud

 dude.

 apparently it takes just 6 o's to differentiate between 'Wake up' and 'that is very cool'

 Good to see BASEketball getting the recognition it deserves there.

 I looked up urlLink dude in the Wikipedia. It's quite entertaining. I especially like the 'Meaning' section.

 Dude, that imagery has made me laugh out loud. Now my boss thinks I'm weird. Well, weirder.

 see, i told you he was still moving. someone take that spade out of his head.

 Is that because of the people that work in them?&nbsp; Tee hee

 Dude, I'm, like, totally getting my head around these Japanese verb conjugations. That rawks. Dude.

 Eeeexcellent. My boss is out all day, and the only person who sits behind me has just left early, meaning no-one can see me surfing the interweb all afternoon. To be specifimic, Fonz, I now live on Warwards Lane, which is the other side of Raddlebarn from Hubert and Tiverton and that. I work almost in Aston, the other side of Aston University, about 15 mins from the city centre. It is a shitty area. If this were SimCity, it would definitely be light industrial, with quite a lot of black buildings.

 Gosh darn it, I demand details. Which street do you live in? I recall somethhing about the Bristol Road... And where do you work? I mean WHERE? You know, geomagraphically. I haven't done anything all day. And I don't care.

 look on the bright side: at least you still have a soul to extinguish. you could have become a corporate shill.

 I still live in Selly. I still work at OCR. It is slowly extinguishing my soul. Helen was also temping, until our agency screwed things up a royal treat yesterday. Now she is waiting for a new assignment.

 Well, you only have to leave them a couple of days without washing them and hey presto - Life! It's easy really, I don't know what all the fuss is about. Why don't the people who live on other planets just hurry up and invent life like we did on Earth?

 judging from that article, there may well be life in my socks.

 I found it interesting, and then being the sensationalist I am, I have told everyone that they've found life on Mars! When asked to expand I told them they'd found a little man. He was just like a man, but his eyes were in the back of his head. And he was little. I don't think people are believing me. Ross, where do you live and work now? And what does Helen do now?

 I just read urlLink this , and I'm a little ashamed how interesting I found it.

 I'm gonna go ahead and assume "almost" is the most important word there. Now make my site prettier.

 i have some snazz on a sponge somewhere. someone's been flooding our network with udp packets. it's disrupted all the printers. we need a packet sniffer, stat. you know, it's almost exciting here some days.

 I assume that's what they're talking about. After all, that's exactly how Arsene has been hanging on to him all these years. Make my website look a bit snazzier dave.

 From BBC Sport: "Real Madrid could use Fernando Morientes as bait to lure Arsenal's Patrick Vieira." In what way, exactly? Morientes in hotpants, slapping his arse and looking coyly over his shoulder with fluttering eyelashes?

 i've got an apple, thanks. your biscuits are soggy, anyway.

 Would you like a biscuit?

 Oh yeah. Well I never liked the rest of those freaking losers anyway.

 i fear that my mind has wandered into dark places. again.

 She'll probably prefer it delivered fresh, rather than potted up I'm betting. And you know I can produce as many pots a day as required, so I'm ideal for light snacks between meals.

 we appear to be the only two people here this morning. let's get down.

 you'll need a pot for breakfast, a pot for lunch, and a proper dinner. i've got two pots right here.

 Yes, I have a plan to back over this Oirish turd she's dating with my car, buy her flat and rent it to her, and then feed her up on a steady diet of man-phat. Who's with me?

 with all this king arthur nonsense going on, my knightley shares are beginning to look more and more like the jizz-sponges i always knew they were. has anyone else seen arena this month? she really is very, very thin.

 Oooh, there's going to be some serious knee-capping in the 'Daq on Monday. Dave and I need to make an extra 500 grand by Monday to double our winnings, but it seems unlikely.

 That throwing and catching shit is overrated anyway.

 i'vr had beer, and softball. Coclusions. I can't field for shit but i can twat the ball pretty well

 i get it i've had wine. again.

 In his btoilet?

 this blog is shit and for gays. there, i've said it. where's ross' blog?

 It seems I've urlLink started a Blog in my sleep in the manner and style of a really geeky Tyler Durden.

 sod it. i'll save my money and energy for tomorrow night. i've got some mince that's about to go off anyway. that's right, mince. as in "oooooh". that fuggin' lexie. i'm going to the gym.

 No-one at all stupido dave! Up to you whatchoodo...

 Right, I'm confused. How's Dave supposed to shout in Lex's ear if she's gone home? Why is it her penultimate day at work? What the hell is going on? I've just been filming sheets of glass exploding. They made me jump.

 oooh, that fuggin lex. i can't believe she'd do that on her penultimate day at work. will anyone else be there? i might go home and drink wine after all...

 Lex has done that thing where she goes home ill...Let me know if you are still up for Angel Mr Wragg...I invited a bambi along on monday but he said he thinks he may be hitting people with sticks.

 i just booked me a hotel room, a day and a half off work and part of a rail ticket for the weedave wedding spectacular. i feel all like a grown-up now. i take it that it's cool if i turn up in jeans and flip-flops then?

 Today is going frustratingly slowly. I want to go home.

 i have to stay off the messenger or the bogtrolls get me. that is: our isa-server and firewall block many ports and protocols, and messenger is among them. however, the managing director and the chairman want to do things like use messenger and listen to hebrew radio, so there has to be a small ip range that sits outside the protected band for them to occupy. i'm not supposed to be on that range... but... i am. so i can use messenger, but if i'm spotted, then it'll be immediately obvious that i'm not going through the firewall, and that my web access is unrestricte and i'm running kazaa all the time. that would be a negative. having said that, it's lunch time at the moment, so you never know your luck.

 Yes, if only they'd taught us something useful, like how to spell the word practical.

 Dave why are you never on messenger these days? That Onion article got many cynical chuckles from me. I think we should send it to all our compski lecturers. I cant think of a single practicle thing they ever taught us.

 i just finished reading that article, too. although i was pretty sure i knew where it was heading after reading the headline... tee hee. no practical skills.

 tomorrow night is party night. come to the griffin at clerkenwell or my flat or something at some point. you love the griffin. oh yes you do.

 urlLink This one hits a little close to home.

 Yeah im not a big fan of punctuation. Or grammar. Or spelling. I tend to pretty much make it up as i go along.

 It happens to us all occasionally. I've used and configured Apache/Tomcat, IIS and Resin, and I have to say IIS comes out as the worst of the three in my opinion. It's arguably easier to configure than Tomcat, and definitely easier than Resin, but other than that it sucks ass. It's not very powerful and, like ASP, I find it a bit clumsy. I like to Be In Control. Plus IIS probably isn't very secure. That Onion article from 1969 is pretty funny this week.

 That's all useful information. Wait, no it's not. You've all said contradictory things. Perhaps I just won't bother. People keep trying to get me to use FireFox, but it reeks of socks and sandals, so I don't want to. Also, Wee Davey, has your apostrophe key broken, or are you just allergic to them?

 This silly site said the URL was invalid but had apparently posted my message anyway

 i've edited your post, dave, like a little imp. tee hee.

 Right I see we need a proper compski here and I'm the properest I know. Step 1: Stop using Outlook and ie cause there insecure and generally shit. Use Mozilla Firefox(browser) and Thunderbird(mail client) especially Firefox cause it has tabbed browsing, blockes all popup adverts and wont let spyware on to your machine via activex. Thunderbird doesn't auto open virus ridden attachments either. There both basically great. Part the second: Compski as I am I still cant love linux. You'll spend a week finding the text files you need to edit to make things work then another week figuring out how to edit them. Everythings painful and even though you think your learning things youll forget it instantly and besides what youve learnt wont work on another distro which brings me to the next thing about Linux. Choose your distro wisely. I reconmend SuSE cause it has some graphical tools for configuring things. But overall you may well be better off with winxp and and windows apache client. As for web servers Apache and Tomcat are ok but you still have the annoying impenetrable text file based config files. Ive never used IIS I suspect its insecure but easy to config. Dave with Yoav you should get him on one of those reality shows where they dump someone in a jungle and get them to fend for themselves. When he cant use his psychic link to Zodiacs Wobu slaves to sort out the festering snake bite on his leg he will either learn really quickly how to organize his own life or you wont have a problem with him any more! I bet we can forge a will signing his flat over to you.

 What's the point of all this anyway? Ross doesn't know any HTML. You can't make a website like that.

 hosting .NET is free as long as you have a windows server 2003 licence. which most people don't. then there's PHP.

 You can use Outlook to connect to hotmail.

 Yeah, this free stuff is all well and good, but it's mainly geard towards the use of Java and JSP. So if that's what you're after, then go for it. If you're only after regular HTML, then anything's good for that. Otherwise, you could get some .NET action going on, but that's probably far from free. I mean, hosting .NET is free I think (?), but the tools for developing it aren't. Then there's PHP.

 resin be free for personal use and small companies, but not if you're the size of zodiac. that's why we had to switch to tomcat. that and the fact that resin can't handle struts. turns out that wobu's insurance has also expired, and he has no vehicle registration documentation. the mind boggles...

 Right, I'll shower tou with my opinions and gloss over the facts: I use Outlook for my regular mail, and I think it's more secure than Outlook Express. However, you can't use it to connect to hotmail, so I use outlook express to connect to one of my hotmail accounts. I have no idea if it's secure or not. As for servers, I have no preference for operating system. Linux is supposed to be good and free, and is probably worth trying out at least. Is this going to be a server for serving up web pages and the like then? Have you any idea what sort of site you want and what technology you're going to use? If you're after free stuff, I guess Tomcat and Apache are the way to go, but in my opinion, Resin is still a better server. Not sure if it's free or not for personal use. That's not much help, is it?

 1: murunno. outlook's prolly better. 2: murunno. prolly. everyone lubs linux. and apache's fine. we use tomcat here, which appears to work. i am the crown prince of noncomittal compsc.

 nope, i didn't pay for it - the company did. apparently his dad will settle up when he's back from his latest business trip. but the thing that gets me is: wobu will never know. when he gets back in september, he might just notice that one of his tyres has changed shape or that wheel is no longer yellow, but i doubt he'll think anything of it. cos, you know, stuff like that is always happening.

 I have some right proper compsci questions, the answers to which I can't be arsed to find myself. So do my thinking for me. Question the first: Is Outlook Express still riddled with security problems, or is it okay to use now? I remember Microsoft recommended you didn't use it to connect to Hotmail, but that was years ago now. Question the second: I've realised that I have enough old computer parts to build another machine, so I was thinking of putting together an interweb server. I remember people talking about Linux and Apache. Is that still the best (free) way?

 Right, I don;t know if this'll work, the site is gaying me up a treat today. Do I understand then Dave, that you paid for the work on Yoav's car? Why? Why would you do that? Why can't the Mecha-Zinch stump up? Also, I suck pretty bad at that golf game, but not as badly as Ross. I do pronounce it balls though. If that were a real golf course, I don't think anyone would ever get round it. Not without golf balls that float and a decent boat anyway. That game is nowhere near as good as urlLink this one .

 Wow, I suck super hard at that golf game. I gave up before finishing the round. I didn't see the point as I was already 30 over par.

 Sooner or later, Yoav will kill himself. For most people this would be a comment in jest...in this case I 100% believe it.

 Sooner or later, Yoav will kill himself. For most people this would be a comment in jest...in this case I 100% believe it.

 shaddap youse - you're older than me. well, you look like you are. it's the hairy godzilla face, you see. i'm accidentally a bit hungover today. i should probably go to angel this evening and shout in damo's ear for a couple of hours. that'll help. a story about woab's car once upon a time, woab went to new york, leaving his car in the garage of our building. his dad came up to me at work on monday and asked me to bring in the car keys and the widget to open the garage doors so that they could take his car to get a service in his absence. fair enough, i suppose - i brought the keys in on tuesday. yesterday morning, the bloke who's sort of the official driver for the office came over to my desk and asked me for the address and instructions of how to get there etc., as he'd been told to spend his working day getting yove's car sorted out. fair enough, i muttered, and gave him directions. he came and found me again at about 4 yesterday afternoon. it turns out that he'd taken the yovemobile to the garage, and there they had discovered a few things: he'd been driving around on a flat tyre, and had destroyed it, meaning a new tyre he'd also been driving around with the emergency tyre on another wheel, left over from the puncture before last, for probably a month his rear brake pads were 95% worn through one of the rear wheel bearings was cracked and buggered - the entire hub had to be replaced his MOT was two months out of date he'd had no road tax for over a month the total bill for the work done, including road tax and vat, was £880-odd. fair enough, i hissed through gritted teeth. someone has to take care of these things...

 urlLink This looks like the said golf game to me.

 How can you not see the adverts THEY'RE RIGHT THERE. the golf is on the BBC sport site, you should be able to find it quite easily. I'll attempt to improve on my score later, i'm sure i can shave two or three strokes off

 I have no adverts. I'd like to see The Cooler, but I can't seem to interest anyone else in going. William H. Macy looks like Dave did five years ago. Ho ho ho. Dave - he's very old.

 I'm not quite sure how it has happened, but I don't see the adverts anymore, not at home or at work. They must get blocked by some sort of ant-virus thing maybe... What's the address of this golf game that you so badly want me to beat you at then Manx? Or am I going to have to look for it myself like some kind of chump? I watched The Cooler last night. It was pretty good. It reminded me of all the other Vegas movies I've seen, like Swingers and Very Bad Things, but most of all it reminded me of Leaving Las Vegas. All spam is shit and for gays.

 oh, they've gone now. Nobody will believe me that they were there

 Errr, why have we got adverts for 'makeup4sisters' and afro hair clinics now. Whose fault is that

 i read an article on the register about how easy it is to send sms spam and i became concerned. they need to Do Something About That, and quick. i've had a lot of wine and some whisky too. i don't see myself at yoga and 7am tomorrow, somehow. tee hee good intentions melt away...

 You know what I hate? Fucking SMS spam. I seem to be getting more and more of that shit.

 The interweb is back at home, where it belongs. Now, where did I leave my Anarchy?

 5 under par. I fucking own that game

 Ha Ha, par is mine

 I just got my best score on the BBC golf game. 42, now to break par

 it's trev's birthday on saturday. he will be 688 years old.

 now i think about it, to see what damo has to say about his favourite pornography. and ross, for that matter; i imagine that he can get all the thrills he wants just by lifting his kilt and peering downwards any time he likes, so it may be an interesting answer.

 Yes, I think all my porn has naked ladies in, so that must be my favourite sort.

 Have you forgotten that Damo uses this page Dave. Are you asking to be disgusted and revolted by raising the question you just raised.

 what's the best kind of porn. i think it is the kind of porn that has naked ladies in it. what do you think?

 i saw the headline, but couldn't check it from work... now i've lost the link, as it's at work. someone post it and we can find out. i'm feeling veddy, veddy bad today. veddy bad indeed. but probably not as bad as ed did last sunday.

 I does not arouse me. Dave, did you see Omar from Television X in popbitch this week? Was that him?

 I just watched a Gamer TV excerpt of Doom3. It looks like it will be awesome like about four thousand hotdogs, and by the sounds of things, you won't need a complete bastard of a graphics card to play it, either. I'm moist.

 i'm about to go to the walkabout at temple with all the work lot. damo, you're welcome to join me - and bring anyone else who might be around. there will be booze.

 It's a warehouse, where they house wares. The top floor has been converted to offices, but when they did that they made the wise move of bricking up all the windows and covering all the skylights. The light comes as quite a shock to my eyes when I leave of an afternoon. Seriously.

 ross, do you live in a cube? come on, you can tell me.

 I have no windows in my office. For all I know, the sky could have fallen in.

 i just read the week 1 boa archive, to see if i could. times were better then.

 urlLink aaarrrrr . and cambridge just signed a frenchman called Mongin.

 i walked down the Sunny Side of the road on my way to work today. there's nothing quite like the feeling you get spending eight hours in an air-conditioned office with the blinds drawn during one of the nicest days for ages. mmm, surf that wave of satisfaction. my fingers are chilly. catwoman looks like a shit film.

 Maybe he gets to bonk Halle Berry as part of the deal? I hate you guys, you guys are assholes, especially Dave I hate him the most.... All together now!

 Bah, my identity has been discovered. Dude, the weather here is awesome. Like 10 hot dogs. I'm going to sit in my garden and nurse my gut rot.

