 Wow, has it really been five days? That's a little scary - I've only had this thing for what, maybe a week and a half (or thereabouts), and I already miss five days? I would bang my head on the table but I already have a headache. First, I have a vacation update. We did drive up to Virgina and spent the night at a decently scary motel that felt like a prison cell. The only potential plus was that a major cottilion was being held in the basement, so as soon as my dad and I walked in, we gave each other a look and I could tell he was thinking the same thing I was. Free food! Alas, there was none to be found, although we did have major fun making fun of all the geeky looking guys in suits. That was pretty good. So anyway, the next day we wake up and decide that none of us really wants to go to Busch Gardens - which was OK because I really wasn't in a rollercoaster mood - but we had to decide what we wanted to do instead while we were up there. My dad and I were rooting for D.C. because it was only an hour away and we could just drive up, poke around, get a pizza at Pizza Paradisio (the single best pizza on the planet, I kid you not) and drive back home. But my mom wanted to go to Kitty Hawk because we'd never been there before and "everyone says it's wonderful" and she's "always wanted to go there" and somehow in the eight years we've been here she's never managed to tell us this. Sure, that's legitimate. I kept trying to tell her that Kitty Hawk isn't much more than a pile of sand but I just got yelled at for "painting a negative picture of the alternative". So we drive four very long hours out of the way to see, you guessed it, a big ol' pile of sand. Woo hoo. Great fun. So then we have to drive almost six hours back home because the freeways are kind of funky, but my dad needs a cup of coffee. So my mom proposes something else - we stop by this cute little town that "she's always wanted to go to". You'd think we'd learn not to trust her by now, but we go. I swear there was not a single non-hick in the entire town, nor was there a decent cup of coffee, and believe me we tried. So we get back in the car, miserable and coffee-less, and schlep the whole way back home. Yeah, I was pissed off. Sunday was fun though. We had a philosophy club meeting and that went really really well. I pretty much just slept the rest of the weekend. Off I go to do homework...

 I have Beatles songs running through my head. Yes, Beatles. Especially "Let It Be". That is a really great song, and I just learned how to play it on the guitar. It's really easy in case anyone out there wants to know - just G, D, Em, C, G, D, C, G. Or something thereabouts. I also have the first run of Sweet Home Alabama parading around in my brain, probably because I just learned how to play that too. It's really fun - dun dun da dun, da dun dun da dun, da dun dun DUN! Life is good. I'm leaving tomorrow afternoon to drive up to somewhere in Virginia. My sister's playing a competition up there with her orchestra, and although I don't actually get to see her, I do get to go to Busch Gardens with them the next day. And yes, Kit, I do wish I could take you with me. I need someone to talk to... Ah, well, nothing to cheer one up like Apollo's Chariot. Front row. Mwa ha ha. Perfection... I'm tired - I think I'll go to bed early. Goodnight!

 I've only had this blog for three days now, and already I almost forgot to update it! Sad, isn't it? So, now that I'm here I need something to write. The only problem is that I don't think I have anything really noteworthy to say, but hey, that's never stopped me before! So, I think I'll just talk about my day some... Have you ever taken a test and thought you totally failed and then you get it back and you do really well on it? That happened to me today in English. God, I love Mitchell. It kind of scares me that one of the easiest to talk to people I know is my English teacher, but I don't care. Anyway, I took the test today and he showed it to me during lunch because I was there to talk to him anyway, and, yes ladies and gentlefins, I got an A. A big, fat, beauchous A. Made me very happy. Then of course I had to go take another test which I totally failed. What goes around comes around, as they say, although I don't think I actually know anyone who says that. Ah well, so it goes.

 I have to share some of these with you guys - they're just too good not to. (Thanks to Joelle for sending them to me.) Why did the chicken cross the road? Al Gore : I invented the chicken. I invened the road. Therefore, the chicken crossing the road represented the application of these two different functions of government in a new, reinvented was designed to bring greater services to the American people. Colin Powel : Now at the left of the screen, you clearly can see the satellite image of the chicken crossing the road. Pat Buchanan : To steal a job from a decent, hard-working American. Ernest Hemingway : To die. In the rain. Alone. Grandpa : In my day, we didn't ask why the chicken crossed the road. Someone told us that the chicken crossed the road, and that was good enough for us. I have lots more, but I just don't feel like typing them all right now...you'll just have to trust me, they're very funny.

 I have just been informed by Joelle that apparently when she complains to me about her teachers, I tell her to shut up and stop complaining. Which is completely true. But, given the fact that I am feeling particularly generous, I'm making the same proposition that I made yesterday for Sarah: I will more than happily come in and beat up anyone who bothers you, namely stuffy annoying English teachers with too much hair, capes, and Colin Firth-esque profiles. You know who you are. I love you too, Joelle!

 My poor friend Sarah! Her history teacher went and deserted her and she's been left with a nutty former rugby player! I'm not entirely sure what I would do in her situation. If Mitchell ever goes and deserts me, there will be some major ass kicking going on. Hey, I may be small, but if there's one thing my mother taught me is you can do some serious damage from down here! Ah, the glories of being short... Anyway, Sarah if you're reading this, WE LOVE YOU! And I want you to know that if whatshisface ever gives you any crap, call me up - I don't care if it's the middle of class - and I will come and have a very serious chat with him. Really, I will. I love you!

 Announcement - I have discovered new and noteworthy music! If you've never heard of him, be sure to check out Jason Mraz. He's got this great song called "Remedy", which, granted, is kind of campy, but is loads of fun all the same. Plus he's really cute. He's one of those cooky cap wearers, but unlike most people who do that kind of thing he looks really really good in them. Am planning on buying his CD as soon as I can scrape up the cash, which I am really short on in case anyone feels generous. Alright, I really need a cookie. No, I mean really. Chocolate chip would be great, but I'd take just about anything at this point. Hm, where can I get a cookie? I should start a fund - "Cookies for the Needy". Or money. Whichever's more convinient. As Sally infamously put it in A Charlie Brown Christmas: "All I want is my fair share. What's coming to me. Preferably in tens and twenties."

 Hello, and welcome to my brand new blog! Thanks to the as-always genius of Kit, I have been bestowed with this webspace with which to do whatever I want. Be warned, I like to rant.

 Yay! Done with all my exams and the year is officially over! As of about five hours ago (give or take a few minutes) I am no longer a freshman. This makes me exceedingly happy. Ha ha, now I have people shorter and weaker than me to make fun of! Ah, good times ahead, I can tell. But today was also kind of bittersweet. Although I did have my last two exams today and am officially allowed to forget all my Biology, World Civ, Health, and Drama for the rest of my high school career, it was also the second-to-last day I got to spend with all my seniors and the very last day I got to see Mitchell. Ever. That was hard, although actually not as bad as I thought it would be. He gave me this really wonderful book called "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance." It's very well written and very funny, and I am totally convinced I need a motorcycle now. Well, almost totally. I nearly cried when I read the card he stuck in it. It was just very sweet, and I'll miss him a whole lot. Saying goodbye to the seniors was pretty tough, too - I just love them all so much! I think especially as a "measly little freshie" as Claire would say I have been extremely lucky to have so many upperclassman friends, but now I have to see them all off and I don't want to let them go. If any of them are reading this (and you know who you are) I'll miss you and love you forever! I was very glad I chose to sleep in the extra thirty seconds and not put on mascara this morning because it probably would have been all over my face. Same thing applies for tomorrow's graduation. You know, just in case. And, on a happy note, I am feeling much better about my family, especially my mom. It's not exactly that her standards have changed or whatever, but more that I think I've learned to just deal with it and try to ignore it. If that's the way she wants to be, fine, I'll just do my own thing and not let her take credit for it. I've definitely gotten over being angry at her, so now the way she acts just amuses me, and that's really all there is to it. I think it's that Zen book that's doing it - thank God for Mitchell, that's all I have to say. OK, folks, signing off now. Happy summer! Go take a nap outside if you can! It's lovely weather - it hasn't gotten very humid yet...

 Alrighty, three down, four to go! I had Biology and Geometry today. Both of them were EOCs, so pretty easy. Especially Geometry - oh my goodness! So common sense! OK, so there was like one problem that took a minute or two, but other than that, so so easy! Biology wasn't bad either. There were definetly some questions on there that I just had no idea on, but most of it was pretty straightforeward. Tomorrow isn't exactly easy, but it's my easiest of days: English and French. Shouldn't be too bad, but then on Friday I have Drama and World Civ. I've heard too that the World Civ exam is really really hard. EEK! Well, we'll just have to see I guess. I'm really not happy with my mom right now. First of all, my sister left early this morning to go to a YMCA camp up in Black Mountain with her 7th grade class. I went on the same trip a few years ago and it was really fun and totally safe. And yet, this is the only topic of conversation around her! How worried she is, what could happen to her, asking me for the zillionth time to go over the exact itinerary of the trip for her, etc, etc. I'm going stir-crazy! Plus, she's just a little obsessed with this grades thing. I got in the car this afternoon and she handed me a book that she bought called "A Guide to Taking the SAT II in French". OK, I'm not taking this test for another two years and already she's got me studying for it! AAAAAAGH! She has no perspective. I've always had straight As in everything for as long as I can remember, and to be totally honest, I'm not an idiot! I really don't know what she wants from me. She keeps going on and on about how much harder it is to get into college, now more so than ever, but then she tells me these horror stories about people who stress themselves out in high school by taking all kinds of AP courses and stuff (which, by the way, she's telling me to do) and then being so burned out that they drop out of college. Sometimes I feel like because she didn't get to go to a major university and get an advanced degree that she's trying to live out that life through me. Every time I have an interest in something, she always manages to put in how it was her interest too. It's like I can't have anything of my own! It just makes me really angry because I feel like I'm not a real person, I'm just an extension of her. In fact, she once blatently told me that she was glad I was doing major academic stuff because she never got the chance to. Lately I've been feeling more and more that no matter how far away I get from my family they will always be there taking credit for everything I do and trying to live my life for me. My mom has never really aknowledged anything I've done - she just puts in how it was her love too, or look what Chloe did over here! I just feel like total crap. All I want is to just be myself, not something my mother wanted to be and never got the chance to. I want to have interests and passions and friends of my own without having to think about what my mother would have done. But I can't do that, because every time I try to do something she is always there, taking my accomplishments and bending them to fit her standards. If that's asking too much, then I don't know what to do. I just feel very lost.

 Exams are upon us! I took my first one this afternoon while everyone else got to go home and take a nap. Grr. It really wasn't bad - it was Health and she let us bring in a regular-sized piece of paper with whatever we wanted written on it! It was really nice, although I ended up not really having to use it since it was more of an "application" test. Still, it was nice to have handy. I killed my hand though - three full pages front and back. Ouch! Well, one down, six to go. I've got Biology and Geometry tomorrow (both EOCs so shouldn't be too hard), then English (also an EOC) and French on Thursday, and finishing off with Drama and World Civ on Friday. I'm really worried about my Drama one. Part of the final is an improv activity and I am really really terrible at those! I'm very nervous. I hate getting up and talking in front of people, especially when I don't know beforehand what I'm going to be saying. Eek! All the others I'm not really worried about. French I need to study some just because I've forgotten half the vocab, and World Civ I do need to study but I don't really feel like it, so I think I'm pretty much set. I was messing around with the math and I figured out the formulas to calculate what I need to get on my finals to keep my As, and most of them are really quite low. I found out that if my Geometry final were a normal final instead of an EOC, I could get a -1 and still have an A. Yes, really, a negative one! That would mean that I wouldn't even have to show up for the final and would still have an A with a whole point to spare! Unfortunately, that's not really the case since it's an EOC, but hey, it's nice to know, right? Ah, the glories of easy tests and lots of extra credit. I love you, Ms. Soloman!

 It's Sunday the week before final exams and I have yet to do any truly successful studying. I'm actually not too worried - the only one I really need to study for is World Civ and that's my very last one. At midterms I managed to totally stress myself out and I just ended up getting really really sick. And I mean sick; by the time my English exam was over I couldn't see my desk anymore because it was so covered in tissues. It sucked royally. So, in an effort to not stress and because I'm just too restless to study, I have replaced cramming my brain with cramming my mouth. In the past few days I have taken on more baking ventures than I have ever, I think. This included trying a number of new things, pate a choux for one, most of which came out pretty bad but got eaten by my dad anyway. The man is a human garbage disposal, I'm telling you. So, today I'm making two classic staples: chocolate chip cookies and brownies with a chocolate glaze. You can never go wrong with those two. Have to go watch the oven. Happy studying, for those of you brave enough to do so.

 As cirumstance would have it, I in fact did not see the Matrix today. This would be the second time in four days that I had a ticket - physically had a ticket - and did not get to use it. Oh well. Someone was supposed to try to sell it at the theatre for me, so I'll have to see how it worked out. The reason I couldn't go, actually, was this: Chloe (my younger sister, for those of you who don't know) really wanted to see it with me. At that point, I figured that the situation was just too complicated - I'd just give my ticket to whatever adult offered to go, and then promised Chloe that we would go see it together. As luck would have it, the adult somehow managed to get a ticket, and I had to sacrifice mine because I'd already made plans with Chloe. Which actually really was OK. Chloe and I got to the theatre and tried to buy tickets (I don't remember how we thought we'd get in without an adult, but it ended up not mattering anyway.). Naturally, they were sold out. So instead of going home, we decided to go see X2 instead. It ended up being a really really great movie and we had a whole lot of fun together. As Jerry Seinfeld infamously put it, "Everything just works out even for me!" Except I still haven't seen the Matrix. I'll get there, never fear.

 Well, I'm supposed to go see the Matrix Reloaded at some point today. Supposed to being the operative words in that sentence. The problem is that the show before ours was already sold out yesterday, so it's pretty safe to assume that ours is sold out as well. This, however, is not the problem. The six of us already have our tickets. The problem is that the movie is rated R and we need an adult to get us in. But, since the show is probably sold out, there isn't a ticket for an adult. Beginning to see the problem here? Hopefully if it doesn't work out we can just sell the tickets, but I don't know exactly what the deal is with doing stuff like that. I don't know, we'll just have to see I guess. In other news, I finally have a urlLink website . It's very much under constuction at the moment, but hopefully I can get it up and running decently soon. All I have on there for now are some Monty Python bits, but I want to get loads more stuff on.

 OK, I need a new template - I don't like this one anymore. It bores me. My only problem is that I really don't like any of the other ones and I don't know how to make my own. If there are any HTML junkies out there that are feeling generous, I want to meet you. Tom, did you make your own? I really love it. *Sigh* I guess I'm stuck with this one until something better comes along. Well, even though I'd already bought a ticket and was actually physically holding it in my hand, I decided not to go to the preview showing of The Matrix Reloaded last night. There were plenty of good reasons, mostly that I didn't know any of the people who were going except for Mitchell, and I felt kind of weird being someplace at one in the morning and the only person there I know is my English teacher. Just a little weird. So I sold my ticket, and actually made a $1.50 profit on it. I was sad to miss it, but to compensate I took an hour-long bubble bath, which pretty much made up for the whole thing. Plus, I figured I'd rather go with people I know and like during normal hours instead of being with strangers at one in the morning. So, then this morning, Kit and I decided to commit social suicide and teach our health class a Britney Spears dance for our project. I was kind of worried that people were going to come up to us afterwards and strangle us, but it was actually a whole lot of fun, even though I lost my voice and now have a major headache. I think some of the other people had fun, too, actually. The best part of the whole thing was watching these big burly crewers standing in the front of the room (because Ms Edmundson forced them there) trying to dance. Side splitting moment coming, hang on just a sec.... OK, better now. Yeah, so it was pretty funny, and I'm still alive to boot!

 Because it is the SINGLE GREATEST SONG OF ALL TIME! It just makes me happy reading it! For those of you who have been unfortunate enough to have escaped the healing bliss of Monty Python thus far - and if I have anything to do with it that will change - it's from their movie The Meaning of Life, which is really hilarious. I've been going through this period lately where I've been convinced that the entire universe is composed of completely selfish, immature, insecure idiots except for myself, and this song just makes me happy to be in it. I think this is the first time I've genuinely been sad that no one reads this thing because no one will get to see it. Oh well. If you do see it (whoever you are, and I want to know who you are - email me!) and like it, share the love! THE GALAXY SONG Whenever life get you down, Mrs. Brown, And things seem hard or tough. And people are stupid, obnoxious or daft, And you feel that you've had quite enu-hu-hu-huuuuff! Just - re-member that you're standing on a planet that's evolving and revolving at 900 miles an hour, It's orbiting at 19 miles a second, so it's reckoned, the sun that is the source of all our power. The Sun and you and me, and all the stars that we can see, are moving at a million miles a day, In the outer spiral arm, at 40,000 miles an hour, of the Galaxy we call the Milky Way. Our Galaxy itself contains 100 billion stars, it's 100,000 light-years side-to-side, It bulges in the middle, 16,000 light-years thick, but out by us it's just 3000 light-years wide. We're 30,000 light-years from galactic central point, we go round every 200 million years, And our galaxy is only one of millions of billions in this amazing and expanding universe. The universe itself keeps on expanding and expanding, in all of the directions it can whizz, As fast as it can go, at the speed of light you know, twelve million miles a minute, and that's the fastest speed there is. So remember, when you're feeling very small and insecure, how amazingly unlikely is your birth, And pray that there's intelligent life somewhere up in space, because there's bugger all down here on Earth.

 I need e-mail! I went through this really long phase where I was getting tons of e-mails and my inbox was all full and happy, and now I've got nothing! What is the deal?!? It's been like a week and a half since I've gotten anything good! Pleeeeease send me stuff! I don't care what it is, just send it to me!

 TGIF has never been more true. This has been the single LONGEST WEEK IN HISTORY! Oh, my god, it never seemed to end! It just kept going and going and going and going and even then it kept going! But now it's over! Said and done with! Finito! It's left its body and joined the choir invisible! If it were burried it'd be pushing up the daisies! It is no more! It is an ex-week! Not that it's been particularly bad, just freakishly long. Acutally, I take that back - it's not been great. I'm having a total mental breakdown. You know when you shake a soda bottle for a really long time and then you open it and it spews all over the place? Yeah, that's kind of what's going on in my head right about now. For the past two months or so I've had all this tension building up from my family and school and friends and all kinds of stuff, but I never really let myself think through it or be sad about it. It's just been sitting in the back of my brain, all shook up but not opened yet. Then, something happened this week - I don't even really know what it was - that just made me explode, and all of a sudden I've got this huge depression thing settling over my head. I've been tired and irritable and just generally sad. I've had all these really bizzare dreams, most of them that I'm either dying or in the hospital, and every time I try to think I randomly want to just break down and cry. And it happens in the middle of the night, too! It's really starting to drive me crazy. I know that as soon as I get all my thoughts sorted out I'll be totally fine, but until I do life kind of sucks. I know it's not just one thing that's making me sad, although everyone seems to think I'm just miserabe because Mitchell's leaving (I've known for almost a month now, folks!). That does make me sad, but that's definetly not the only thing bugging me right now. Ah, well, I'll get it all figured out eventually. Summer is just a few weeks away! ~ I don't know who actually reads this thing (for all I know I just write to myself), but if someone did just read through that whole thing and is suddenly worried about me, don't be. I'm not depressed or anything. I'm just kind of crazy is all.

 Good gracious, I don't even want to think about how long it's been since I wrote. Between sickness and being really busy I just haven't gotten around to it in a while. So, update. First, I got sick. Really, really sick. I was in bed for almost six days straight! We never actually managed to figure out what it was, but my dad and I both had it pretty bad. Naturally, as soon as we got sick, my mom jumped on the computer to look up symptoms for SARS and spent the entire two weeks I was sick drilling me on symptoms. I swear that after being asked a bazillion times whether you have a "dry hacking cough" you start to develop one just to shut her up for a few minutes. I ended up being sick through my entire four day weekend and then missing two more days of school. OK, this was just unbelievable to me - tell me what you think. On Monday, I still hadn't been out of bed for about five days, but I got up to drag myself in to get makeup work and talk to teachers about makeup tests and stuff. Some of them were really sweet - Mitchell and Ms. Soloman in particular. But then I walk into the teachers lounge to talk to Mitchell and Olenchuk is sitting in a chair towards the back. He looks at me and says "Well, look who decided to show up today!" Try to imagine my state for a minute, if you will: I was really really sick, coughing and sneezing my brains out with a fever on top of that. I'm also in my big huge sweatshirt and scrubs and I'd just woken up. I looked pretty darn miserable if I do say so myself. So he comes in and is just a total ass to me. I was just standing there like, "I swear, if I wasn't about to fall over, I would walk over there and kick you. Hard." Ms. Edmundson was also really bitchy to me. She gave me extra work to do. That's right - extra ! Do you do that to someone when they're sick? No! By the time I'd gotten back in the car and was driving away I was so exhausted that I started to cry. I was just so tired and so sick... I am so glad I'm better. I do have more things that happened, but remembering all this is making me angry, and besides I have an entire essay to write today. Toodles.

 I just got back from the world's most amazing concert. My guitar teacher, Ed Stephenson (who's my idol anyway) and his band had an outdoor concert at Pullen Art Center. There are no words to describe how absolutely amazing it was. He is so incredibly talented; oh my god, I was totally blown away. And especially knowing how hard it is to do some of the stuff he was doing. Wow. He was doing all this complicated stuff all the way up and down the fingerboard so fast you almost couldn't hear it and he still kept perfect form and balance. And he's so charismatic - he kept looking out into the audience and smiling and talking to people. He's just too cool. I love him so much. If he performs again soon, I am definitely dragging a whole bunch of people there to see him. This was arguably the most fun evening I've had in a long time. Ed - I love you, man!

 More Hannah wisdom: How To Keep A Healthy Level Of Insanity 1. At lunch time, sit in your parked car with sunglasses on and point a hair dryer at passing cars. See if they slow down. 2. Page yourself over the intercom. Don't disguise your voice. 3. Every time someone asks you to do something, ask if they want fries with that. 4. Put your garbage can on your desk and label it, In. 5. Put decaf in the coffee maker for 3 weeks. Once everyone has gotten over their caffeine addictions, switch to espresso. 6. In the memo field of all your checks write, "for sexual favors. 7. Finish all your sentences with "in accordance with the prophecy." 8. Don't use any punctuation marks. 9. As often as possible, skip rather than walk. 10. Ask people what sex they are. Laugh hysterically after they answer. 11. Specify that your drive-through order is "to go. 12. Sing along at the opera. 13. Go to a poetry recital and ask why the poems don't rhyme. 14. Put mosquito netting around your work area. Play a tape of jungle sounds all day. 15. Five days in advance, tell your friends you can't attend their party because you're not in the mood. 16. Have your co-workers address you by a wrestling name. 17. When the money comes out the ATM, scream "I won! I won! Third time this week!!!!!" 18. When leaving the zoo, start running towards the parking lot, yelling "run for your lives, they're loose!!" 19. Tell your children over dinner. "Due to the economy, we are going to have to let one of you go. And the final way to keep a healthy level of insanity....... 20. Send this e-mail to everyone in your address book, even if they sent it to you or asked you not to send them stuff like this.

 Jason - my new cheese buddy. EloquorPuer: BEHOLD THE POWER OF CHEESE Missbanana79: YES!!!! Missbanana79: i worship cheese EloquorPuer: it's rather good Missbanana79: understatement EloquorPuer: agreed EloquorPuer: how about this: "Oh great a wonderful cheesemaker, how wonderful thou art! Please bless us all with thine cheese" Missbanana79: perfect :-) EloquorPuer: :-D

 Yet again, my existance has been affirmed! I have made both urlLink Jason's and urlLink Kit's blogs! (Although Kit's was really a while ago and I totally forgot to mention it. Silly me.) Lovies!

 I know it's a few days late for a proper response, but I still feel like some responding needs to be done to the recent Supreme Court decision about Affirmative Action in college and graduate school admissions, even from a normally not-so-politically active person like myself. Generally, I tend to consider myself a liberal, although in truth I am much more of a moderate and don't really belong faithfully to either political party. For example, I am conviced that medicare isn't going to work, but at the same time I support abortion rights for women. However, I firmly and angrily disagree with the Supreme Court decision earlier this week. It was a very weak and indecisive move on their part. I suppose I am more than slightly biased on this issue, namely because I am a white, upper economic-status student soon to be applying to college, but even so I am very inclined to be firmly against Affirmative Action, especially in this arena. I can more than understand the incentive for having a diverse campus - I am not saying that there are not many cultural advantages to that and I support the universities' objective in attaining one. However, this "diverse campus" should not be formed if it means the clear violation of deciding who truly deserves to get into a school. The system at the University of Michigan was exceedingly unfair and I am glad that it was abolished by the Supreme Court. This is not to say, though, that I then agree with what the Court decided. Using race as a primary factor in deciding who gets into a medical or law school is just as bad, if not worse in many ways, than the aforementioned case. Think about it: if you go to a doctor or a lawyer and you discover that he or she is black, or Indian, or any other minority, you will be inclined to wonder whether this person got into medical or law school, and possibly indeed into their practice, simply because they were a minority and not because they posessed any exceptional intelligence. I don't know about you, but under the current system I would probably assume that they had gotten by because of their race and not because of their personal merits. I would therefore not trust them and probably not go back to them for assistance. Until the system is completely fair and accepts or denies people from higher education based on their own intelligence and willpower and not on their race, people will never feel comfortable going to a doctor or lawyer belonging to a minority. So this "Affirmative Action" instituted by the Court is in fact working against the minorities. Let alone whether or not it complies with the Constitution; it is damaging the very people it is trying to help. Despite all this argument, I do actually believe that an economic status-type quality should be taken into account when considering a person for college admissions. If, for example, you have a white, upper-class kid who's always been given the best of everything and despite slacking off a little gets a high B average as compared to a very lower-class black kid who has struggled his entire life and worked very hard for that same high B average, I think the lower-class black kid should be given the advantage, simply because he worked harder for the same results. But looking back at what I just said, it is really more of an economic issue than a race issue. This becomes increasingly true as the middle-class African-American population continues to rise. I am aware that this system also works against me as an individual, but I feel that it may be a much more fair way to run the system. Granted, there will be exceptions, but no matter the system there will always be some exceptions and I honestly feel that this may be the safest way to go.

 Harry Potter came out yesterday and despite the fact that I didn't get it until almost afternoon and I stopped to take a break and watch a movie, I finished it before midnight last night. It was so wonderful. The cool thing about the books is that whenever a new one comes out, I always seem to be almost exactly his age, if not right on the dot. It's like growing up with someone and watching them mature as you do and going through some of the same things (metaphorically, of course) as you are. I cried at the end. Unfortunately for me and for you, I can't tell you why because that would be spilling and that's just not cool. If you haven't read the series yet, you really should. I know I'm a dork, but I don't care. They are really really good.

 I have a perfectly legitimate reason why I haven't posted in like a week. (OK, so it's closer to like ten days. Big deal.) I've been feeling very introspective lately, and actually I haven't done much talking to anyone. Every once in a while I feel like I really need those few days to just kind of be alone and completely gather all my thoughts. I also end up reading a good deal and learning how to do new stuff. Case in point - I taught myself how to embroider. My grandparents' golden anniversary is this summer so our whole family is making a giant quilt for them and we're each doing one square. It's supposed to be something personal about them or our relationship with them... you get the gist. Anyway, my dad didn't have time to do his either so I ended up making two. Considering the fact that I learned how to do it the hard way, namely just by guess and check, they both came out really well. The first one I did, mine, had the words of a toast my grandpa gave once stitched on: "Two things get better with age: fine wines and Judy" in really pretty calligraphy and then in the middle there was a wine goblet with some grape vines entwined all the way around the square. The other one, my dad's, had a chain of mountains in the background with a road going off into the distance and their old car was on it, heading towards the mountains. Off to the side there was an old road sign and some desert flowers. All embroidered. Given that I was almost blind by the time I finished they looked really really good, and I was quite proud of them. Unfortunately, no one gets to see them because they're already in the mail back to California. Oh well. I have decided to stick with the embroidery though. My mom got me a book so I can learn how to do it the real way, and already it's been really helpful. She also got a book that has a bunch of alphabets in really pretty styles so I can do monograms on handkerchiefs and things. I've tried some of them and they're coming out pretty well. Since I've had nothing to read lately (I've finished everything I've got and Harry Potter doesn't come out till tomorrow) I've been working on that a lot. My dad thinks I'm crazy that I sit on my bed with my cats and take three hours to make a letter on a piece of fabric, but hey, it's actually kind of fun. And talking of which, HARRY POTTER COMES OUT TONIGHT!!!! When the last book came out I forced my dad into taking me to one of those midnight openings. That was, well, let's just say it was an experience. One that I don't really want to repeat. So I'm just going to go ge it early Saturday morning. I've made sure that I've got absolutely nothing going on that day so that all I have to do is just read. I can't wait! I have a new motto. I saw this really funny comedian on Comedy Central the other day and he was rambling on about depression and people with low self-esteem when he said this: "I don't get people who say they have 'low self-esteem.' You don't need to love yourself - you just need to hate a lot of other people and grade yourself on a curve. Like I might suck but I don't suck as bad as Hitler." This is my new way of looking at the world, and I'll tell you, it's actually really uplifting!

 I'm a curbside prophet with my hand in my pocket and I'm waiting for my rocket to come.

 Good gracious me, it has been far too long since I last posted. There are numerous excuses as to why I didn't have the time to do so, including oversleeping, partying, and just not having the energy, but I won't go too much into those because I just don't feel like it. Life has been really good to me the last few days. I've gotten tons of sleep (probably more than is really healthy), went out with some friends which was a lot of fun, went out to lunch with my mom as kind of a you-made-it-through-the-first-year-of-high-school celebration thing which also turned out to be a lot of fun, and then just relaxing and reading quite a bit. I'm more than halfway through the Zen book, and I managed to simultaneously start and finish Catcher in the Rye. I've decided that this summer I'm going to read all those books that people just assume you've read but that I never actually did, like Ender's Game and Lord of the Flies, things like that. So I read Catcher in the Rye and I ended up liking it quite a lot. The style was such that I really felt like Holden was talking to me. The story was kind of depressing (naturally) but nevertheless I enjoyed reading it. If you haven't, I would definitely recommend it. It's a good summer read, I think. I also absolutely adore my other book, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance. It's absolutely brilliant, the way he combines philosophy and the normal story... I just love it. My plans for today: pretty much the same as every other day - nothing! I'm very excited. I've already woken up, which is by far the hardest part of my day, so now I get to go back to bed and read. I love my life.

 It's the day before I leave on vacation, and as usual, my mom is on the rampage. Cleaning, laundry, packing - I've done it all so technically I should be off the hook but somehow I still manage to get yelled at. My dad and I call my mom's overstressing PTS: pre-travel syndrome. Which I think is a pretty appropriote name. Anyway, I got myself all packed early this morning in about 20 minutes total, but my mom started yesterday afternoon and still isn't done. How something can take me 20 minutes and her 24 hours is mind boggling. It's not like it's that hard - is it? I really don't like traveling with my family. My mom's always that annoying woman who keeps pestering her kids, asking in the middle of the airport way too loudly if the kid remembered to pack sunblock. It's not even that she's embarassing because I don't really care all that much, but it just gets really old really fast. My dad's ok, he's very low stress almost all the time. My sister pokes and prods me to play cards with her on the plane when all I want to do is just sleep. Again, real old real fast. I can't wait until today and tomorrow are both over. I'll be at my grandparents' house, and the routine when we get there is always the same: we eat lunch and rest for the remainder of the afternoon and my aunt Janis and Uncle Daniel (the two coolest people in my family, by far) come over for dinner and we always almost fall asleep at the table because they eat dinner really late and we haven't adjusted to the time change yet. Then we go to bed and the cat, Clarabell, comes and sleep on my stomach. She only does that the first night we're there; the rest of the nights she prowls around. I'm looking forward to seeing (some of) my family. It should be (decently) fun. I kid - I am looking forward to going. The plumber's here. As usual, the day before we leave, we have some major plumbing problem, which only adds to the stress. Hopefully it's not too bad. As this will probably be my last post until I get back, I wish everyone a pleasant next ten days or so. Bye!

 You are a true nature girl! urlLink Which Ultimate Beautiful Woman are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 YAY! I got my schedule today and I am really happy! Granted, I don't know who half my teachers are, but hey, I know I've got some really good ones. And the list is... (drumroll please) 1st: AG English II - it doesn't say who the teacher is, it just says "English" which either means that's actually the teacher's last name (which would be awful) or they still haven't hired someone yet (which would be funny). Hm. 2nd: AP Environmental Science w/ Nelson - don't know who the teacher is but Kit's in my class which makes me so happy! I was really worried that all the big junior kids would sit on me and be really mean to me but now I have my very own junior bodyguard. I love you, Kit! 3rd: French IV w/ Mme. Poirier - my last year with her, ever! There is a god, I knew it! 4th: Enr. Chemistry w/ Mr. Grunden - yay! 5th. GoPo w/ Mrs. Newmark - even more yay! 6th: Adv. Alg. II w/ Scicinska - I have no idea how to say that name, and I'm not even going to try. Hee hee, I'm so happy! This year will be a lot of "lasts" for me: last year with Mme. Poirier, last year taking a science in high school, last year as an underclassman... I think that's it. There are probably more, but I just can't concentrate on them right now because I'm so happy. And hyped on cafe lattes and Johnny Depp. That helps. (Due to technical difficulties, I'm having problems putting this amazing picture on the site. Don't know why, just am. Do yourself a favor and urlLink go look at it . Trust me. Nothing better than a little "slovenly pleasure." Hee hee...)

 Yay! Problem solved! Ah, the glory of English... now I can understand what's on my blog!

 OK, there is something majorly wrong with my blog. Whenever I go to the site, it shows up as this weird Spanish thing. If you can see the normal version, please urlLink e-mail me so I'll know it's OK. Thanks!

 Am extremely depressed. Last night I found a website that had the top 345 colleges/universities in the country and for each one had student opinions of the academics, social scenes, and campus. I looked at a whole bunch, including most of the schools I had formerly kind of wanted to look into (and probably could have gotten into) and found out that they are really not what I want in a school. I did find two unversities that are absolutely, 100% perfect in every way, shape, and form and I was completely thrilled. Until I came back down to earth and realized that they are Stanford and Brown. Yeah, just a little on the impossible side. Major bubble bursting moment. *sigh* Is there nothing for me out there?

 urlLink What rating is your journal? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Happy July!

 If you haven't seen Seabiscuit yet, you really should. It's a wonderful movie.

 urlLink Great . Just one more reason why I need to go to Europe for college: smart boys.

 Beauty.

 People who don't know the meaning of the word literature should not be teaching English. Cough cough.

 urlLink Oh good gracious.

 Bleepity bleep bleep bleep. Bleeeeeeeeeep. Yup. Here's the deal: up until a few days ago I had AOL dialup. Which sucked because 1) it was AOL, and 2) it was dialup. So a few days ago we finally got Earthlink cable. Yay! But (and this is the big but) we have Windows 98, which as it turns out, isn't so hot with the cable connection. So for the time being, we had both cable and dialup, because our address books and what not were still on AOL and we were in the process of moving them over. So one day we tried to get on the cable, but it wouldn't let us - it just wanted to do dialup. I was like, what the bleep?! and called the Earthlink tech support. I was on hold for about half an hour when the guy finally picked up and he said, "Yup, that'll happen with Windows 98 because it doesn't like having the two connections at once. But if you just get rid of everything AOL on your computer you should be fine." OK, big deal. I moved all our address books and favorites over in an hour or two, and then I purged the system completely of AOL. I even went in the back door and got rid of absolutely everything , just be sure. After I finished, I got back on the cable connection. It wouldn't connect. (Insert very loud explitive here.) I called the Earthlink people again and was on hold for a bleeping hour and a half before the guy picked up. I talked to him for a half hour and he had me doing all kind of weird things to my computer, some of which I think permanently bleeped it up, but at the end he was like, "Uh, sorry, I don't know what the problem is. I'm gonna redirect you to a tech specialist." (Side note: if you have to redirect me to a tech specialist, what the bleep are you?!) So he redirects me and I wait on hold for another bleeping hour and a half before the next guy picks up, and he bleeps with my computer some more and tells me that he can't figure out what it is either so he'll have another tech specialist call me. (Again, what the bleep are you if you aren't a tech specialist?!) He pretty much told me that I couldn't leave my house for another 24 to 48 hours in case this guy calls. At this point it's really late at night and I haven't done any of my homework, nor have I studied for my GoPo test or the APES quiz on basic chemistry that I hadn't learned yet, and I was upset. Understandably so, yeah? So I told my mom everything that happened and she was just like, "Bleep the whole thing, I'll call those bleep-faces tomorrow and straighten it all out." So I went to bed. Not that I got any sleep; I kept having all these really weird and vivid dreams. So anyway, I had the quiz and the test today, neither of which was overly terrible but the whole situation (not being on any sleep for starters) just made the whole thing worse. That kind of sucked. In good news, though, we do have the cable connection back. Yay! My mom did call those bleepers today and she got a really nice guy and he pretty much fixed it, which was more than all those other stupid people could do. So now I'm all back up. I have a massive headache. I'm going to take a nap. Goodnight.

 I love urlLink Kit so much it's not funny. And dude, I got an AMEN like they do in big Southern Baptist churches! I feel special and profound. And while you're there look at the entry about friends. So true, so true...

 Pretty British people make me so happy.

 Today was a day to think carefully about so many things. Why would anyone ever want to do something damaging or hurting to anyone else? Why are people allowed to get away with so many wrong and terrible things? But more importantly, why would anyone want to do these things in the first place? It makes me sad that people must lose their positions in life or have something catastrophic happen to them to make them reach this simple conclusion. I don't understand. And every time I think about it I want to fall down and cry. Why does anyone intentionally subject a fellow human being to such intense discomfort? Why must a woman always feel like she is being looked upon as property, as something not to be respected but taken? And why do we tolerate it? But then today was also a day to fight against it. As women, some of us came together today in a way that finally made me proud to be a woman. To all of you who helped, thank you. I love you all.

 Have been in a little bit of a funk all day. Not sure why, just one of those things. Carrie had her baby! (Carrie was my babysitter when I lived in Minnesota and she recently got married and still lives up there.) It's a girl! Morgan Ann Manguson. How very pretty... I'm a surrogate aunt. Another reason to be happy: the Squonk magazine may actually be decent this year. Why? Because I'm in charge. Not actually the editor (I don't think anyway...) but that's really just a figurehead. I'm doing all the major work. Which is good and makes me happy. Myer is a car salesman. Which explains a lot. And I really miss Mitchell. I was thinking about him last night and I realized that I really miss having someone to really talk to. I really hope I meet another guy like him, except a little closer to my own age, thank you. Fritjof Capra is my new hero.

 I had a pretty shitty day today. Among other things, I was spilled on three separate times. First I was walking down the hall drinking my water and someone bumped into me and it spilled all down my front. Then at lunch, some asshole spilled milk all down the side of my leg so by the time it dried I smelled like rotten milk. Then I got caught in a torrential downpour and as I was trying to get back in the door someone dumped a can of coke on my head and it got all over my clothes too. And not only all that, but I managed to find out that one of my friends (actually, more like an entire group of them) don't give a damn about me whatsoever. I'm rather distressed at the moment. Distressed, and very tired.

 OK, so I haven't updated in a few days. I know. But school just started and I have been rather busy getting back on a good schedule and evening appointments and such. Therefore, I won't go into my normally long-winded pointless self-centered description of all things me (you're devastated, I know...) but will sum things up in a very un-Hannah-like manner. Mr Myer (English) is weird, but I'm trying to give him the benefit of the doubt before I release all hell on his ass. I'll give him a week. APES is by far the coolest class ever (!), French sucks by definition, Mr Grunden is my new hero (he's so cool!), GoPo should be lots of fun, and Ms Scicinska is so cool! So British, and so cool! I love her. Anyway, that's rather it for the moment. Not much homework yet, but it's only the third day so I guess they're just getting warmed up. We'll see, I suppose.

 I am taking the time to relish my last few hours of summer before tomorrow we go back to the ol' grind. I think I'm going to have to go into education just so I can get this summer time off. Isn't it nice? So calm and sleepy... I do love summer. Granted I am excited about seeing friends again and some of my classes and teachers look like fun, but it's just that I'm still tired. I don't feel like I've totally recovered yet. Although I will admit, if I was to take the time to fully "recover" by my definition, it would take a lifetime. Ah well. I'm well rested enough, I suppose. My boys have been acting so silly lately. Izzy (that's the orange one, for those of you who don't know my cats) was playing with the DVD player earlier tonight. He got spooked every time we opened or closed the machine, and he did this really elegant jump about three feet up in the air the first time we opened it. It was so cute! I love my babies so much. Have a last pleasant summer nap, and enjoy the next few hours of freedom. Ta!

 Damn. New template not wanting to publish. Losing patience... Arg. In other news, it's raining. Just in case you didn't know. And in other other news, it is my last day of summer. That sucks. A lot.

 urlLink Look at this! Look at this! This is one of my dreams. I want to try to do it either before or after college (probably after). Wouldn't that be amazing? Six months living in New York City, studying nothing but pastry with some of the top pastry chefs in the world... wow. That would be so cool. All I need is $30,000 plus living expenses in NYC for 6 months... ha, right. Don't worry, I'll get there eventually.

 Well folks, urlLink the pictures are in . Unless they're just rehersing in all the pictures (which doesn't seem to make much sense) the new Harry Potter movie will feature the kids wearing normal Muggle clothes. A tragedy indeed. The upside: OH MY GOD, DANIEL RADCLIFFE LOOKS REALLY GOOD! That picture where he's holding Emma Watson, yeah, I got kinda jealous. Sad, I know. Hopefully this new director won't butcher the whole movie, and maybe if he's a really good guy he'll loan me Daniel and Rupert for the weekend (he aint bad looking either). We'll see.

 Oh, and I also wanted to mention that the thing I posted on Monday, the lyrics, are not (unfortunately) of my own creation, in case anyone was confused. They are some of the words from a Jason Mraz song called "On Love, In Sadness," one of my favorites. Just wanted to say that in case anyone mistook my genius for his...

 I know, I know, it's been almost a week. And no, I haven't been on vacation or have any other legitimate excuse. I've just been sleeping and reading and generally recovering from an overall pretty bad vacation. Here are the big details: we got to my grandparents' house in Los Altos on Thursday, they had their anniversary party on Saturday (same day I got sick) which was pretty fun, drove up with my uncle Daniel and my family to Santa Cruz and got checked out by my first blond on a skateboard (scary), didn't go kayaking for numerous reasons, including because I was vomiting my brains out at the time, flew up to Portland, Oregon on Tuesday, stayed at my parents' friend's Laura's house (she's really cool), was still sick, got everyone else sick, had a few cool experiences, and came back home on a red-eye flight at one in the morning. There were some really cool things that happened in Portland, but I can't write about them because I tried to once and the story totally lost its charm. You'll have to ask me in person. Not on IM, in person. And just to jog my memory, here are the things to ask for: 1. The Corky waiter (you have to ask for this one! It's so good!) 2. Mt Hood 3. Blonds on skateboards (although that was in Santa Cruz) 4. Jews with big noses 5. "Coffee" 6. Powell's Books 7. Jake and Clancey That should do it, I can't think of anything else. All in all, it was an OK trip; it was nice to have a change in scenery for a while, though I was happy to come home and sleep in my own bed and be with my kitties. There's no place like home. Oh, and in other news, I finally saw Pirates last night and I LOVED IT!! Oh my god, it was so funny! Sarah and I were laughing out loud for about 20 minutes after the movie was over. It was great! Jack Sparrow is all mine, I don't care what you say Kit. Mine! Happy last few days of summer. Enjoy them while they last...

 Oh, love, it's a brittle madness I sing about it in all my sadness Not falsified to say that I found God so, Inevitably, well, it still exists Pale and fine I can't dismiss it I won't resist, and if I die Well at least I tried And we just lay awake in lust And rust in the rain, and pour over everything we say we'd trust Well it happened again I listen in through hallways and thin doors Where the rivers unwind, rust and the rain endure The rust and the rain so thin That I'm in like Flynn again.

 15 and a half hours. The most wonderful 15 and a half hours I can remember for a long, long time. Yes, my friends, I just woke up from 15 and a half hours of sleep. There is only one word to sum up how I feel at the moment: yumdelicious. Aahhhhh, feels good. Still too tired to talk about trip things. Be patient. I'm going back to bed.

 Just got back from my red-eye flight from Portland earlier this morning and have been snoozing and resting up all day. I was sick for the entire trip except two days, and all the days I was sick (including today) I have not managed to get more than 30 consecutive minutes of sleep. And since I haven't been able to actually fall asleep today, it's been nearly 48 hours I've gone without sleep almost completely. I'm pooped. Have lots of stories, but more on the trip later. I'm too tired and too sick now. Hugs and kisses all around - I missed all of you. Later...

 "Those houses will last forever and if they caught fire, we would just throw sand on them!" Well sure, a urlLink house of plastic bottles could stand forever. Until a hurricane comes and wipes it out, that is.

 Remind me of urlLink this when I go to take my driver's test. Could be useful.

 Oh good, I'm not the only one who urlLink can't walk in heels .

 Sigh. Ted: Food & Wine Connoisseur urlLink Which Member from Queer Eye for the Straight Guy is your type? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Yesterday was my dad's birthday, but since he was in New York, we're celebrating tonight. I'm making a dessert that I've never heard of, but people tell me it's good stuff. It's called a Boston Cream Pie. Basically it's a white cake that you split in half and fill with a homemade vanilla custard. Then, after that cools, your pour a chocolate glaze over the whole thing. So far I've got the cake and the custard, and they're resting in the fridge before I make the glaze. It's a bit messy (the top layer of my cake was being fussy and not wanting to stay together) but I figure if all else fails we can just mush the whole thing together and eat it with a big spoon. Should be pretty tasty... and I get to see my daddy. Being with my dad, eating my cake, and listening to my new CD - how much better does it get, right? A little better - I wouldn't have any homework to do... Oh well. Can't ask for everything I suppose.

 And I bought Chris Thile's album "Not All Who Wander Are Lost." Oh. Words escape me. It is so beautiful. No, beautiful is not strong enough a word. Magnificent, splendid, wonderful, incredible, magnanimous, unbelievably and unbearably gorgeous. Magical. Wow, it's amazing. I think my two favorite songs so far are "Song for a Young Queen" and "Raining at Sunset," although "Riddles In The Dark" and "Sinai to Cannan, Part II" are both wonderful too. Oh who am I kidding, the whole thing is incredible. This music has a way of just making me so happy. Mmm, so pretty.

 Wee hee, Nickel Creek concert last night! Wow, it was really incredible. Those three people have got to be some of the most unbelievably talented people on the planet! They're really just amazing. Wow. Gloria and I had so much fun! Look for the t-shirts on Monday. They will definitely be there. In homage, I added some links that I should have added a long time ago but was just too lazy: urlLink Nickel Creek's homepage (you can listen to some of their music there if you don't know what it sounds like) and urlLink Chris Thile's fan page . Oh my goodness, I just can't stop thinking about how amazing they were! All three of them... wow. It was really beautiful.

 I had no idea urlLink Mr Grunden had a blog. But there it is. Good times in the neighborhood. In other news: urlLink Nickel Creek concert tonight! YAY! So excited! This is going to be great! AAH!

 urlLink The blog that smokes you. My goodness French people have silly blogs.

 In response to those who have been telling me I should get a chatterbox, sorry to disappoint, but no. I do not particularly like to flaunt my blog's solitude, seeing as I would probably be the only person to write things on it. It would just be silly that way. Mmm, five days later and I'm still migraining. Ow.

 Food for thought. The Friend There are lots and lots of people who are always asking things, Like Dates and Pounds-and-ounces and the names of funny Kings, And the answers either Sixpence or A Hundred Inches Long, And I know theyll think me silly if I get the answer wrong. So Pooh and I go whispering, and Pooh looks very bright, And says, Well, I say sixpence, but I dont suppose Im right. And then it doesnt matter what the answer ought to be, Cos if hes right, Im Right, and if hes wrong, it isnt Me. - A. A. Milne

 If I have one skill that stands above the rest, it is procrastination. I can say with absolute certainty that it is one of my most prominant qualities. Usually I can overcome that impulse to put things off to a certain degree, but today I am giving in, at least for a little while. Damned APES paper can wait. Mrs Nelson - why are you so nice and give so much homework? A very happy belated National Talk Like A Pirate Day to all. Shiver me timbers, twas a fine day indeed. I have found my urlLink shoes and my urlLink boots . They are mine and you cannot have them. Mmmm, birthday in two months. Mine, oh so mine. Arg, this paper is making me crazy. Mrs Nelson, why are you so cool and give such boring and awful papers? We all know that fish stocks are depleting - why oh why do we have to write a paper on it?

 Happy Hurricane, everybody!

 Why is it that you can add any adjective to the word ass and have it work? Strange-ass, skinny-ass, bad-ass, silly-ass. What a weird-ass language. Mark Hee hee...

 Bread is rising in the oven and stew is on the stove. Mmmm, yummy.

 "You must remember this, a kiss is still a kiss". Your romance is Casablanca. A classic story of love in trying times, chock full of both cynicism and hope. You obviously believe in true love, but you're also constantly aware of practicality and societal expectations. That's not always fun, but at least it's realistic. Try not to let the Nazis get you down too much. urlLink What Romance Movie Best Represents Your Love Life? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 I realized that most people who come to this blog will probably not click on the Jonathan Rhys Meyers link from a few days ago. You silly silly people who are all missing out on a great thing. Anyway, just for good measure, I thought I'd put a picture of him here. (This is by far not the best one, but hopefully you get the gist.)

 I have noticed a trend in my blogging over the past day or two. (Scroll down and take a gander if you haven't yet. Silly person, not reading my blog. Harumph.) Anyway, there have been three principal men in my lives over the past couple days: John Hannah, Chris Thile, and Jonathan Rhys Meyers. John Hannah is Scotish, Jonathan Rhys Meyers is Irish, and Chris Thile plays new bluegrassy music, which decends from old Celtic music. I think my inner-Hannah is trying to tell me something. Sssshhh, maybe we can hear it... Go to the UK... go to the UK... go to the UK... Hmm.

 Today is Sunday, and I am writing my terribly long, terribly boring, terribly annoying APES paper. Thanks a lot, Mrs Nelson - love you too.

 Hee hee, urlLink Bend it like Beckham is the greatest movie ever. And more pretty Irish boys with beauchous accents! (Actually, John Hannah is Scotish, but that's OK.) It's such a refreshing movie. So sweet, so romantic, and so uplifting. I get goosebumps at the end every time. This is why I need to go to England: to get me a nice, pretty, non-smoking, non-drinking, wholesome boy. If one exists, that is. Cambridge University has great programs for abroad people... I won't get in and even if I do I won't be able to go, but you can bet I'm applying anyway. Sigh. No sugar plum fairies - it's thoughts of urlLink Johnathan Rhys-Meyers that are dancing through my head.

 My hero-and-future-husband-if-only-he-were-about-20-years-younger, my guy, John Hannah (see link to left).

 Wow... urlLink pretty boy playing a mandolin ... and my uncle actually jammed with him! Aah! I have to see them - they're coming to Cary on the 26th!

 urlLink The poor lady ... all she wanted was to go to the club and they thought she was nuts! Prune juice and vodka - what a combination, eh?

 Remind me just once more, urlLink why do we care?

 urlLink Nate has officially made me angry today. This is what he said: Hannah, for instance, despised the movie [Moulin Rouge], and very vocally at that. It later came out that she came in about half way through. (Or something.) So when she finally saw the whole thing with Mr. Mitchell, she apparently decided that it was ok. First of all, no. I had seen the movie before, just in very awful circumstances (I was in a prison cell hotel room in Boone, I was sick, and it was awful outside). I did see the whole thing when Mitchell loaned me his copy, and after seeing it, I decided that I understood the movie but still thought it was stupid. And I hold to that. No, you can't make me watch it again. Twice was more than plenty, thank you. (And why it got nominated for all those acting Academy Awards I will never know. Special effects, sure, but acting? And there were actually some good movies that year, too!) So then he goes on to say: Well, that's my rant of the day. I'd love to see it on the big screen, and for that reason really want to see it in film club. But it is not to be; I don't think enough people are willing to see it. I'd have to campaign or something. Sweetie, there's a reason for that!

 Well. I don't know about you, but a urlLink 102-year old man sounds a little icky to me. Hopefully someone wants him, though. Today was a good day. It's official - I'm one of the co-editors of Squonk, which makes me very happy. It should be a good staff this year. Very productive. Today has also been a kind of quiet day. I don't know whether it was because of urlLink September 11 or what, but it was pretty silent all day. Something in the air, I suppose. urlLink Field trip!

 Favorite songs chosen by the Democratic presidential candidates at Tuesday's debate: Former Sen. Carol Moseley Braun -- "You Gotta Be," Des'ree. Al Sharpton -- "Talking Loud, Saying Nothing," James Brown. He called it "James Brown's song about the Republican Party." Sen. John Edwards -- "Small Town," John Mellencamp. Sen. John Kerry -- "No Surrender," Bruce Springsteen. Former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean -- "Jaspora," Wyclef Jean. Sen. Joe Lieberman --"Don't Stop Thinking About Tomorrow," Fleetwood Mac; "My Way," Frank Sinatra. Rep. Dennis Kucinich -- "Imagine," John Lennon. Rep. Dick Gephardt -- "Born in the USA," Bruce Springsteen. Sen. Bob Graham -- "Changes in Latitudes, Changes in Attitudes," Jimmy Buffett. By the way, I got these from a link on urlLink Mrs. Newmark's blog . Didn't want to steal her thunder. :-)

 I would like to give a kudos to urlLink Kit's entry earlier today. Amen, sista! And as a self-proclaimed moderate, I feel that I should also link here to urlLink Meredith Newmark's blog . I honestly had no idea how hard it was to be a conservative at our school, but now that I really think about it, it is. I mean, as much as people even try to be fair (which, granted, doesn't happen too often anyway) it's a very biased atmosphere. Anyway, I just started reading her blog recently and I really like it. Go Meredith!

 urlLink "The kebab paper photographs really are works of art. They are quite beautiful." Right. Some people really have way too much spare time.

 Why is my scrollbar being all funny? Just so you know, if you make the screen smaller (restore) and then maximize it again, it should work. If anyone knows why this thing is being so silly, please urlLink email me and let me know what I can do. Thanks.

 urlLink Tee hee hee . urlLink And then some . Hubba hubba.

 My inner child is six years old! Look what I can do! I can walk, I can run, I can read! I like to do stuff, and there's a whole big world out there to do it in. Just so long as I can take my blankie and my Mommy and my three best friends with me, of course. urlLink How Old is Your Inner Child? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 As much as I believe that all religions should be tolerated, urlLink Ouiji boards are just a little too much for me. Sorry.

 My existance has been affirmed yet again. urlLink Bethany has linked me to her blog. Today was a Flex Day, and it really wasn't that bad. In the morning I had the "Building as Text" thing, which was stupid, but I had Gloria and Dr Busonik was pretty cool. Gloria and I basically spent the whole time talking and goofing around. (She actually knows who Nickel Creek is! Yay!) Then in the afternoon I had Great Disasters, which was very OK, except for I had Mrs Scicinska and she just makes everything cool. I love her - she's so cute! We made bridges out of popsicle sticks and Elmer's glue. Not too bad. But it's really and truly Friday! This has been a long week, especially considering we weren't in school on Monday. Oh goodness, I'd forgotten about that. Scary. I really need to get some long-needed sleep this weekend.

 Tomorrow is Friday. I am happy. Sometimes everything just seems too big But I like that feeling of being lost. Alone But centered. I feel so peaceful.

 Congratulations, Prince Harry. You're not quite as urlLink dumb as we all thought you were.

 You would think that after a guy hitchhikes over several countries and 1,250 miles that you would appreciate him, just a little. urlLink Apparently not , according to this story. Sad, don't you think?

 urlLink Marriage proposals on eBay . What will they think of next?

 urlLink But I do love myself, I swear! I find this extraordinarily amusing.

 urlLink Weeeeeeeeeeeeee!

 If you are very bored, and like Conan O'Brien, please read urlLink this . It is so hysterically funny. Wee hee, big ol' picture of Conan there...

 urlLink Wow . I am really glad I'm at RCHS and not an overly normal high school. Last day of the long weekend, and I'm making bread. Breadmaking is one of those things that just baffles me. How just me, a bowl, a wooden spoon, and basically flour and yeast can come together to create this living, breathing thing is incredible. Making it is such an intuitive exercise - you have to be concious of how dense the flour is, how much moisture is in the air, but at the same time you have to be totally unconcious of it. It's an art, it really is. And I love it.

 OK kids, here's the deal. We kind of got the computer to start working again, except not really. I was doing my GoPo homework last night, and just as I was finishing and getting ready to print, it crashed on me and I had to do the whole thing over. I was far from pleased. But for the moment, it seems to be working and I am taking advantage of the situation and posting. Guitar performance tonight. Am very nervous. I've never had to perform before and I am really not excited at the prospect. I always freeze up; something I can play perfectly on my own I always seem to screw up when my parents or even my teacher are watching. It's bad. Wish me luck - I'll really need it. That Italian boyfriend I've been waiting for... yeah, he hasn't shown up yet. I'm still waiting for him, though.

 It was urlLink Bethany's first, but I felt also the deep obligation to cater to the needs of the international blog-browsing populous. I have added a translator to my sidebar. Who knows. Maybe this can get me that Italian boyfriend I've been waiting for...

 Seer urlLink The ULTIMATE personality test brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Am at sister's school again today updating. I am so tired of not having a computer. Can't wait until Sunday to be blessed with brand new Mac goodness. This week needs to end. It's been all together way too long. GoPo and Chem tests today. Chem went well, I think. Pretty easy. I thought the GoPo was alright, but the last time I said that about one of her tests I bombed it. I'm trying not to get too excited at this point. Went as a skunk at school today. Got lots of candy and no one thought I was a cat. I was rather pleased. Braces come off tomorrow. Elliott Smith rocks my discman.

 My computer is both figuratively and literally dead. (I'm writing this from a computer at my sister's school.) It's rather annoying. I have to retype my English paper and I won't have access to my mail for a while. It sucks. So anyway, don't expect too many posts in the next week. We're going computer shopping this weekend (for a Mac! YAY!), but until then I don't have guaranteed computer access. So sad, but very much true. Talk to you all later.

 I saw a bumper sticker today that enlightened me. "What if the HOKEY POKEY is what it's all about?"

 Today should have been up there with the worst days in history, but it really wasn't bad at all. I was quite impressed. English was bad, surprise surprise, but not as bad as usual, even considering the fact that it was twice as long. I think it was mostly because Myer didn't get to talk very much. That was a definite plus. In French, we just watched a movie. Last year our class watched the first one in the series, "My Father's Glory." (Subtitles! Yay!) Today we watched "My Mother's Castle" - same plot, same awful acting. The highlight was when Mme Poirier had to leave the room for a while and there were all these really dirty double ententres that everyone picked up. Brad had to get up and rewind the tape so we could all listen to it again. We were laughing so hard. I hope we didn't scare Ms Greenwalt's class next door... GoPo presentations today. I was nervous, but it seemed to go pretty well. Everyone else did a good job too - yay for everybody! I'm so happy I don't have to do Lieberman research anymore, although it means my inbox will be considerably less full every day. I'll cope. Guitar went well too. I think I may have to perform next Thursday though. Crap. I don't have any pieces that I really like, except for the page of Classical Gas I found online, which doesn't really count. Drat. My goal is to be able to play that song just like Clapton does by the end of high school. I think it's a pretty easy goal, considering I can basically sight-read the whole thing so far. I would so love to be able to play that song... it's so pretty and, dare I say, sexy? It really is. Just listen to it. Not that version they sometimes play on the radio with the full band playing in the background. That one's nasty. You can't hear the guitar! Get the version that Eric Clapton plays. It's so so gorgeous. But somehow, despite my day not being nearly as bad as I anticipated, I'm still in a rut. I'm still kind of angry at the world for no good reason. I think I may just be sleep deprived. Hopefully I'll be able to fix that this weekend. Mmm, sleep...

 Ooh, I want a urlLink practice boyfriend !

 Went to the ophthalmologist today. I have to get prescription reading glasses for my stigmatism, which is good because it means I won't have migraines as often as I do, but bad because, well, they're glasses. It also sucks because for insurance reasons I can't get them until November 1st, which means I still have at least 10 more days of achy eyes. Ouch. Got some good news today. My braces come off the morning of picture day. Talk about good timing. I don't want to go to school tomorrow. I honestly don't know if I can handle an hour and a half of Myer, followed directly by an hour and a half of French. Maybe Poirier won't be there again... that would be nice. I've been in such a rut lately. I haven't been feeling all that well, and I'm just generally exhausted and depressed. I need another vacation.

 My thoughts exactly.

 It's been a while, so I figure it's time for an update. - First, just to get it out of my system, neither of the teams I was hoping for are playing in the World Series. Drat. The good thing is now I don't have to waste my time watching any more games. - I went to D.C. over the break and had lots of fun. We met my aunt and uncle who flew out from California there and after spending a few days in the city we took them back home with us and spent a few days here. I'm exhausted, but happy. I love them - they're probably my two favorite people in the universe. I had a great time. - While in D.C., I reaffirmed my love for Thai food. Oh my goodness, so tasty. It makes me really sad that the only two places you can get really good Thai are D.C. and New York. They're so far away! But it just makes the times you can get it that much better. - My ring is still broken, although my uncle is going to try to send me some silver wire so I can fix it myself. - Our house is filled with junk food left over from the visit. Pumpkin bread, candy, cookies, a brownie... they haunt my dreams and tempt my tastebuds. - According to Kit anyway, I have too much hate in my system. Chocolate doesn't seem to be curing it so far; anybody got any other ideas? - It's Monday. Enough said.

 The Red Sox won Game 6 tonight - there will be a Game 7 tomorrow but I probably won't be able to watch it because I'll be in D.C. Oh well. From what I saw of the game, it was pretty good. Garciaparra got four hits! I have officially nicknamed him Twitchy - if you've ever watched him bat you'll know why. It's pretty funny. In the first 5 innings I wasn't sure who to root for when the Red Sox were up to bat because Andy Pettitte was pitching for the Yankees and he is really gorgeous. Wow he's beautiful. Anyway, I'm still really happy the Red Sox won. This is so odd. I'm really not a sports person, but I've gotten really into baseball this postseason. I'm not really sure why. It's entertaining I suppose. This will be my last post for a while since I'm leaving for Washington D.C. tomorrow morning. Have a lovely break everyone.

 Nothing is going my way in these stupid championship series. In one inning, the Cubs went from a 3-0 lead to trailing the Marlins 8-3. I really wanted a Cubs-Red Sox World Series. That would have been great. But now its chances are looking slim. Go urlLink here if you want to know what happened.

 Yankees won Game 5 4-2. They lead the series 3-2. Damn.

 Silly Kerry Catherine. They wanted to charge me $30 to fix my ring! Last time they only charged me about $5. This sucks. So now my ring is still broken and I have no cheap way to get it fixed. Fortunately (drumroll please...) my uncle, who's coming into town in just a few days, actually majored in jewelry making in college. Crazy, no? But frighteningly convenient. Hopefully he'll make something work. I hate my hair. I really really do. It's awful. My mom went and got hers cut at the same place and hers looks even worse than mine. It's pretty sad. And I wanted to be all pretty for when we go up to D.C. I'm rather upset. Dustin may have been nice, but he really didn't know what he was doing. I have yet to find a hairdresser that does, though. I hate it. Thank God for fall break is all I have to say. After 9 tests, 3 projects, and 2 papers in 6 days, I am ready for a long nap.

 Yay! It's fall break!

 I finally managed to alphabetize my blog links. But now it looks like I don't have any friends with blogs. So sad. If anyone has a blog that they want me to link, do let me know. I would love to add you to my list.

 Arg, just spent over an hour moving all my horserace analysis stuff for the GoPo project onto a new webpage. I ran out of space on the old Freewebs one, so I had to get a new blog and post articles that way. The silly hyperlinks were being mean to me, but other than that it does look much better now. It's also quite a lot more convenient. All is good. Except my eyes are killing me. That kind of sucks.

 Oops, no game tonight. Postponed due to rain. Drat.

 I went to go see a concert today. It was the Chamber Orchestra of the Triangle, or something similar. My sister's cello teacher was in it, so she got us tickets. It was pretty cool. They had a guest double-bassist, and he was really amazing. He went so far up the fingerboard that it could have sounded like he was playing a violin! He was really really talented. Game 4 of ALCS tonight. Shouldn't be quite as exciting as last night - that 4th inning was enough drama to last me the rest of my life. (In case you missed it, there's a pretty good recap urlLink here , but I think it still misses the drama of Martinez throwing Zimmer to the ground. That was pretty cool.)

 Mmm, really don't want to be doing homework. Would much rather be watching ALCS. Game 3, Red Sox v. Yankees.

 The name of Hannah creates a friendly, sociable, charming nature, but causes you to be too easily influenced by others. While you find it easy to meet and mix, and can appear agreeable and compromising in conversation, you can become dogmatic and forceful if pressed too far. Others learn that you cannot be told what to do and you seldom change your mind once it is made up. You prefer situations that allow a degree of independence, but are reluctant to take on a demanding work-load or responsibility. In a position dealing with the public, you could do well because of your friendly personality, interest in people, and desire to please. When asked, you are able to give others good advice that you would probably not follow yourself, but must guard against being too opinionated in controversial matters. Find out urlLink what your name means .

 Got my hair cut this morning. I can't decide if I like it - it's a little shorter than I think I wanted, but I'll get used to it. I had it this length about a year ago and I really liked it, but somehow it looks different this time. Oh well. The guy who cut it, his name was Dustin, was such a doll. He was washing my hair and he actually took a few minutes and massaged my head, all the way up onto my forehead and temples. It felt so good... He was so cute and so sweet. I know people are supposed to talk when they're getting their hair cut, but it's so theraputic and I'm just not a very talkative person, so I end up sitting there for most of the time. Dustin kind of wanted to talk to me, though, so he decided he was going to try to set me up with some guy he knows who apparently plays guitar really well. It was pretty cute. He was a sweetie - I hope I can go back to him next time. Until then, I'll have to get used to having it this short.

 I have succumbed. I now have a chatter. Joy be to all talkative people.

 Another one for the links list. I found this while researching in the computer lab for the ecotourism project in APES. Kit, the other Hannah, and I are doing Italy. Hee hee, you silly people doing the African savannah. Mmm, Italy really is urlLink delicious .

 The title may be misleading, but that doesn't stop urlLink French-Roast.com from being a great blog. It's definitely going on my links list.

 It's been one of those days.

 Alas, my ring broke. Must go to urlLink Kerry Catherine Jewelry .

 I had to take my cats to the vet today. I hate doing it so much. It takes about half an hour just to get them in the crate, and then two of us to carry it out to the car. They scream the whole way there - and it's that awful heart-wrenching yell that just breaks my heart. Then we get there and the vets poke and prod them, although usually they're really nice. Until they weigh the cats; then they come back and yell at us. Izzy was 19 pounds and Louie was 25! It's bad. So then we get them back in the crate and they scream the whole way back home. I'm always worried that they'll never forgive me, but they seem to forget pretty fast. About thirty seconds after we walked in the door, Louie was chirping around my feet, which was very comforting. Izzy hid, but I have a feeling that the psychological damage is only temporary. All is well in kitty world.



 So many new blogs to link... and there they are.

 The Washington Post is reporting that urlLink according to a new study , kids are getting more homework than they used to and, if anything, should be getting more than they are (link via urlLink Mrs Newmark's blog ). These people should clock how long I'm going to be working this weekend.

 The IgNobels are here! The IgNobels are here! The urlLink IgNobel awards are a spoof on the real Nobel prizes, recognizing instead those achievements that "cannot, or should not, be reproduced." The winners of the 2003 IgNobel Awards: Engineering: To John Paul Stapp, Edward A. Murphy, Jr (both posthumous) and George Nichols giving birth in 1949 to Murphy's Law, the basic engineering principle that "If anything can go wrong, it will". Physics: The Australian team that produced a report on An Analysis Of The Forces Required To Drag Sheep Over Various Surfaces. Psychology: The Italian and US researchers for their report: Politicians' Uniquely Simple Personalities. Chemistry: A Japanese researcher who investigated why a bronze statue in the city of Kanazawa did not attract pigeons. Literature: John Trinkaus for a collection of studies including one that contained data on the percentage of young people who wore baseball caps with the peak facing to the rear rather than to the front. Economics: Karl Schwarzler and the nation of Liechtenstein for making it possible to rent the entire country for corporate conventions, weddings, bar mitzvahs, and other gatherings. Interdisciplinary research: A Stockholm University team for its report: Chickens Prefer Beautiful Humans. Biology: CW Moeliker from the Netherlands for documenting the first scientifically recorded case of homosexual necrophilia in the mallard duck. Peace: Lal Bihari, of Uttar Pradesh, India, for his campaign to prove he is alive. Medicine: The University College London team for showing the hippocampus of taxi drivers is bigger than in the general population.

 Yay! It's Friday! Can you say Three-Day-Weekend ?



 I was looking back over some of my archives and it struck me as funny how my posts have all gone from really long to mostly one-liners. An oddity. So, update: - Got into an argument with Myer today and stood up for myself pretty well. It was fun. - Am actually doing way better in many of my classes than I thought I was doing. Which makes me really happy. - Discovered that I am really good at writing three-page papers in less than 20 minutes. - Remembered just how much I love the guys working at the bakery counter at Wellspring. They are all so sweet, so loveable, and so cute. They also sell Triple Threat chocolate brownies, which helps. I had one today. Yum... - Took a long nap with my cats and Chris Thile playing in the background. It was lovely. - Had a laughing fit in the car this afternoon when it suddenly dawned on me just how funny people are. How we all take things so seriously, especially myself. I take school and friendships and all of it way more seriously than I need to, and it's so comical to me how everybody's daily shit becomes so overwhelmingly important that they forget what's really there. I just started laughing and couldn't stop. That's what chemistry will do to you, I guess. - Consequently, decided that I'm not going to do most of my homework tonight. Napping is so much more fun.

 Happy October, everybody! Did we all remember to say "Rabbit, rabbit" this morning?

 We go back to school again tomorrow. I'm sad - I rather liked being on vacation. On another note (happy or sad, you decide) we have two weeks until midterms. Shudder if you will, but keep in mind that after that is Christmas vacation. 16 days of beautiful school-free bliss. I can't wait. I've been playing around more with iTunes on my computer. It's really fun. I've made lots of mix CDs and I've even bought a couple songs. It's so cool. I burned this massive mix CD of all my favorite songs and took it on a walk with me today. I was sad when I took the longest route possible and still ended up back home only halfway through. It was so good that I wanted to keep going forever, just me and my music. Another Quote of the Day: "You know those mornings that you just can't get out of bed, and you call in sick, if you had a job." - Bruce McCulloch The Kids in the Hall

 Quote of the day: "I was working on a flat tax proposal and I accidentally proved there's no God." - Homer Simpson

 I want to be on permanent vacation. I love being able to sleep in as long as I want, do what I want when I want... it's a luxury. Last of the turkey and other go-withs were finished off today. I'm sad - I'll miss it quite a lot. I'm shocked that we managed to go through that much food so quickly. Now all that remains of our huge dinner is a large canister of turkey stock in the freezer. I smell turkey soup... I just watched a thing on C-Span showing a dinner honoring Tom Brokaw. I do like him very much, and will miss him when he retires. He's a very intelligent guy. Plus his voice is beautiful. And he was really handsome when he was younger. Look some pictures up on the internet if you don't believe me. Another luxury of being on vacation: going to bed early. Good night.

 I'm playing with the iTunes thing on my computer. Good lord, it's cool. It seriously takes all of about two minutes to burn an hour long CD. This is especially cool since my old computer took a good 45 minutes to an hour, and it only worked half the time anyway. Ahh, this is too fun! Who says computers are evil? Not mine, for sure.

 Mmm, the day after Thanksgiving is always a good one. Somehow, everything tastes better the day afterwards. And oh, it was so good. My dad is the best cook ever. Turkey, stuffing, gravy, mashed potatoes, brussels sprouts, yams with rum, cranberry sauce, rolls, and really good cider. Oh so tasty. Plus cranberry bread and pumpkin pie... someone kill me now! And I just finished watching Pride and Prejudice. I love that movie so much. It's sweet and romantic without being touchy-feely. Elizabeth Bennet is probably the greatest heroine of all time. Everything about that movie is absolutely perfect.

 Arg, the site where I got "Bothering Snape" isn't working any more. I am sad. I really liked that thing. If you missed it, well, it's too late now. You should be very sad. It was great.

 I swear, my fingers are cursed. Last Thursday, as I was clipping off a hangnail, I snipped my finger and it started bleeding like mad. Everything was OK since then (with the usual exceptions of slamming them in doors and things like that), but today I was grating orange peel and I slipped and sliced the skin off my thumb, and then I burned another finger when I was adjusting a rack in the oven. I really hurt. And I have to go play guitar this afternoon. Ow. On a happier note, my house smells fantastic. Cranberry bread and pumpkin pie... and now my sister's making a cranberry-orange sauce. Yum.

 My itinerary for the next few days: Wednesday Bake: Two cranberry breads and one pumpkin pie. Go To: Grocery store by at least 8:00 tomorrow morning to pick up turkey and various other foodstuffs. Guitar lesson at 4:00. Do: Learn piece that I still don't know by 4:00 (in time for lesson). Try to get at least some homework done. Thursday Do: Wander around the house until my dad is done cooking. Then... Eat: Turkey, stuffing, potatoes, yams, cranberry sauce, green beans, brussels sprouts, and some other things I'm sure I'm forgetting. Friday Do: Nothing. My dad is working all day and my mom is taking a friend to surgery. My sister and I will be home by ourselves. Hopefully: Get some more homework done. I would love to have everything done by the weekend so I can really relax for a couple days. Bake: Homemade bread. Eat: Lots of leftovers. Yum. (Hence the bread - turkey sandwiches.) We'll have to wait and see what the weekend brings. Ahh, I love vacations.

 I really should get back into photography. I miss it. It's so therapeutic, being in the darkroom completely by myself. Taking the pictures is thrilling enough, but there is something very magical about being in a dark room completely alone, the absolute master of light. It feels very powerful. And at the end of the day, you are left with something beautiful - a work of art. I got a call the other day from a woman whose wedding I did about a year and a half ago, and she said that the only pictures she kept were mine. She had a professional there, but she liked my pictures better. I felt so wonderful. Not only did I thoroughly enjoy myself, but I made someone else happy, and helped them preserve their memories in the best way possible. It was a real high. I want to do it again, but I just don't have time. Maybe over winter break I will get out and shoot a few rolls. After tomorrow, a five day break. I'm very happy. I need a good rest.

 "I Do" I got a little bit of reason For everything I've done I might just serenade the moonlight And I get so lonely in this crowd I want to scream but make no sound And yeah I'm lost but maybe I'll be fine Cause when I'm in over my head I hear the words you said That someone out there's Listening to the same song Feeling the same way that I do Make me a believer, pick up the receiver And tell me you feel just like I do I do And I couldn't bear to see you walk out And leave it all behind I couldn't bear to see the sunlight And I love the sound of rain on tin Your screen door beckoning me in And yeah I'm mad but overcome with joy Could it be so damn naive To hope you could agree? That someone out there's Listening to the same song Feeling the same way that I do Make me a believer, pick up the receiver Tell me you feel just like I do I do In a world that's cellophane You get so lost I know you do In a world that's cellophane Someone out there's Listening to the same song Feeling the same way that I do Make me a believer, pick up the receiver Tell me you feel just like I do I do Someone out there's Listening to the same song Feeling the same way that I do Make me a believer, pick up the receiver And tell me you feel just like I do I do - Better than Ezra

 We went out to dinner tonight. It was pretty awful. Everything tasted like it came out of a can. Yuck. I can't wait until Wednesday. No school, and it's baking day. I get to make a pumpkin pie and two cranberry breads. (I'm giving one away.) I love Thanksgiving. Mmm, so tasty. Plus, I really need a break from school. My head is full. I can't take any more. I need time to empty it. My room smells like the roses my dad gave me on my birthday. They're still alive and beautiful on my bookcase. Pink and yellow. So elegant.

 Ahh, I love weekends when you get all your homework done before Sunday evening. Relaxing time...

 urlLink Wow . Some people really do have way too much spare time. Although I must say, Professor McGonagall's wand is quite beautiful.

 APES test tomorrow. I really should be studying. But I'm not. That's what English is for.

 The urlLink trailer is in. By the looks of it, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban should be pretty cool. I'm looking forward to it. And while you're waiting for the movie, watch Harry and Ron urlLink bother Snape .

 Gaah, too much work. Feeling overwhelmed.

 I am having too much fun with my Unkymoods. (See, it's that little icon over yonder on the left.) They're too cute - it's hard to choose just one. I don't want to work, but I have to. I don't want to practice, but I have to. I want to sleep, but I can't. Damn. I'm such a slacker this year. I get home, and instead of religiously doing all my homework like I did last year, I choose the things I either know will be checked, or that I know actually matter. And the Chemistry homework, just because it's kind of fun. (I'm a dork, I know.) But I just don't do the rest of it, and I feel no guilt. Last year if I got too sleepy to keep doing my homework, I actually felt bad about it. But no. This year I have no remorse about it whatsoever because I know it doesn't matter. I'm not sure whether this is a good mindset or not, but there are some assignments teachers give out that seem to have no purpose at all. Clear example: Myer's assignment to write a story about song lyrics. If someone would tell me how that could possibly help me at all in later life, I would love to hear it because I can't think of a thing. It's useless. Man, I want to be in college.

 Happy birthday to me...

 urlLink Posers. (Link via urlLink Will and Lucas .)

 Not only is it the process used to create the urlLink Sunday "Can Hed Comix" , but I find it uncannily resembles my process of getting homework and projects done. A Little Trivia The Sunday comic strips go through a five step process in order to be completed. If you're interested in the process, read on: 1. Come up with an idea. 2. Scrounge up some paper. 3. Get some crayons and bits of colored paper out. 4. Draw. 5. Realize the entire idea sucked to begin with, scrap the project and get someone else to do it.

 urlLink There is hope! My dad just got back from Washington and the Seattle area, and he said that the university there is fantastic. It's gorgeous, huge - undergrad population of 28,362 -, and very friendly. All the kids there apparently look just like me. (And the boys are cute, which helps.) I think I may have found my new school. Brown is wonderful, of course, but it's far away from anyone I know and it's very elite. I'm not sure I want to go somewhere that small and that private-feeling. I've always gone to small schools, and I'm ready for a change. I think I would fit in really well in a big university because I want to study such a broad range of things. I think it would be perfect to double major in something like Chemistry and History. UW would be a great place to go. Plus, I already have the sweatshirt. I'm practically enrolled, as far as I'm concerned.

 There is a children's story about a girl who is very lonely, and she finds a group of kittens. She puts them in their pocket, and whenever she feels lonely or sad, all she has to do is reach into her pockets and there are her sweet little kittens waiting right there for her. She takes them everywhere with her, so she can be completely by herself, but she always has her kittens with her. I want to be that little girl.

 Got my glasses today. Yay! I can see. The excitement of Barry Trotter continues to grow. The Picking Cap (that's the Sorting Hat, for those non Potter-aficionados out there) gets drunk and starts cussing out the houses, and Hafwid (Hagrid) also gets drunk, but fires shots out his pink umbrella. There is also a section at the back of the book entitled, "A Thumbnail Guide to the Sordid Sexual Encounters Edited Out of this Book." I'm going to stop that right there. All in all it's pretty cute so far. I have to say my favorite part, though, is Lord Valumart. Enough said. I don't want to go to school tomorrow. Too sleepy. (That picture below from Master and Commander doesn't want to show up half the time, does it? If you can consistently see it, let me know on the chatter. I'm curious to see if it's just my browser or if I really am doing something wrong.)

 Master and Commander was indeed quite good. I'm not a huge fan of big action movies, but I was highly impressed by how this one was anything but corny. The relationship between the captain and his friend, the doctor, was really wonderful, and was the crux of the movie. Parts of it were on the gory side, but it was worth it. I enjoyed it a lot. I also was reminded how talented urlLink Paul Bettany is. He was by far the best part of the movie.

 Gracious, much has happened over the past couple days. I've been so busy there's been no time to post. It makes me sad, but there it is. Went out to a sushi bar with my dad on Thursday night. Mmm, it was really good. I love sushi. My dad left on Friday on a trip to Washington (the state, not the city). I miss him. I don't get to see him that often, so I get very sad when he leaves. Oh well. He comes back Tuesday morning. Philosophy discussion Friday afternoon. I had to leave early, but it seemed to be going well. And more people got to witness the incessant stupidity of a certain English teacher. Cough. He was such an idiot - he sat at his desk trying to follow what was going on, but kept getting totally lost. And whenever someone would say something rampantly anti-religious, he would nod really vigorously. It would have been really amusing if it hadn't been so sad. He's such a dolt. Got some early birthday presents from a couple friends. A parody book called "Barry Trotter and the Unnecessary Sequel" (guess what that's parodying) and a book so I can learn Chinese. I'm excited. And a t-shirt that I can't even wear around my dad because it has a kind of dirty Monty Python quote on it. Oh well, I still love it. I think I'm going to see a movie tonight - Master and Commander , the new Russell Crowe flick. I don't like Russell Crowe much at all (except in Gladiator - that was a great movie), but it's supposed to be really good. I'm keeping my fingers crossed.

 Yay, pretty new blog colors. Ah, these are much better.

 It is very windy today.

 Wow guys. Just had a funny moment. See that ad banner up at the top of the screen? It just had this on it: Take Me Out Tickets Select tickets to see Take Me Out from 1st 10 ctr to balcony Motion Sickness Relief 6 Drug free nausea relief products. Special Reliefband offer. Related Searches: sisternothing Right.

 Hmm. I am a Scorpio . (Also known as "Scorpion") My urlLink Horroscope starts like this: " Scorpios are highly dangerous, even at a distance. They cheat and lie, live for intrigue, and take pleasure in destroying. " ( urlLink Read more | urlLink Find yours )

 Today was certainly not the ideal day off. It was pretty icky. I started feeling a little sick last night, but it wasn't that bad so I just went to be early to try to sleep it off. So this morning my mom offered to take me out to lunch, which is always loads of fun, so we went. It was pretty nice - we went to the Rockford. I love that place. Afterwards, we decided to go to the mall to pick up my glasses. Finally. So we got there and started looking at the el cheapo ones because my dad wants me to try those first. The woman I went to for my prescription basically told me that even a prescription wouldn't help me because it's some funky teenage thing that I'll eventually outgrow. So basically I'm supposed to have a permanent migraine from now until after college. Great. My mom told me, though, that if I didn't like the cheap ones that we could try the prescription just in case. So I started looking through the cheap ones and first of all, they just magnify things, they don't help my problem, and second, they don't come all the way up on your eyes so you have to cock your head back to do any kind of computer work. I couldn't stand them, so I said that we should just try the prescription because my head is killing me. Conveniently enough, my mother left the prescription at home. Lovely. So now I'm tired, have a fever, and I still don't have my glasses. This is when my mom decided she wants to go blouse shopping with me. So we look around and, of course, don't find anything as usual. It was still another hour or so before we could go pick up my sister and go home, so my mom offered to take us to a coffee shop to wait. We got in the car and drove to the cafe. When we got there, my mom saw that there was a new camera store next door, so she sent me to get her drink and then come back. I waited in that camera store for what felt like forever with nowhere to sit down and nothing to do. I started feeling sick to my stomach because the air in there was kind of weird. We finally left and got my sister from school. We got home and I took some medicine for my sore throat and went to bed. I slept for an hour and then got up to do homework. I was supposed to go see my sister's cello concert but I managed to get out of it. So here I am, feeling awful, doing my homework. Some day off. I want a refund.

 I thought I'd make a public service announcement for the sophomore chemistry classes. If you're like me and didn't have a periodic table with both the names and symbols on it, there's an online table at urlLink webelements.com . It has some great information on it - very helpful. (My link is to the student edition, but there's also a professional one.) Plus, there are printable versions with names and symbols on them as well. Hope this helps any of you who were struggling...

 Wee hee, playing with my sidebar...

 Why? Why oh why does it have to be so perfect and so unattainable? urlLink It's not fair .

 I saw Finding Nemo last night. What a sweet movie! The story wasn't great, but some of the voices were just precious and the animation was spectacular. After the movie was over we watched the behind-the-scenes documentary called "Making Nemo." It was really cool - the people at urlLink Pixar who made the movie are all just awesome people. They had all together too much fun making this thing. That would be an urlLink incredible place to work , I tell you. So if you haven't seen this movie yet, do. It's very cute, and incredibly well made. In my CD player - Far Too Jones: Shame and her Sister. It's good stuff, and it's also my one claim to fame. My dad was mentioned in the thank-you section - "And thanks to Dr. Krakauer for fixing my mangled hand." It's pretty cool that way.

 Time for an update. - The dance was last night, and according to urlLink Mica , it was pretty awful. I'm glad I didn't go. - I fell asleep at 5:00 Thursday afternoon, so hopefully that explains my lack of posting that day. I offer no excuse for Friday - I was tired and didn't have anything to say. - We were supposed to go to the Mac store this morning to take classes in some of the programs (and so I could see Casey... tee hee...) but no. Instead, I have to go get glasses and get a flu shot. Icky. Not pleased. - Last night, I went to the Cary Barnes and Noble to see my sister's art class' tea pots that they made for a project. Some of them were really cool. There was one that looked exactly, and I mean exactly , like the Cheshire Cat from Alice in Wonderland. It was very cool. I also met someone who had already seen the Matrix Revolutions and liked it better than the second one. This seriously boosts my hopes - that's one of those movies that I don't really want to see but kind of have to anyway. Oh well. Hope it's not too bad.

 Madame Arthur Madame Arthur est une femme Qui fit parler, parler, parler, parler d'elle longtemps, Sans journaux, sans rien, sans rclame Elle eut une foule d'amants, Chacun voulait tre aim d'elle, Chacun la courtisait, pourquoi? C'est que sans tre vraiment belle, Elle avait un je ne sais quoi! Madame Arthur est une femme Qui fit parler, parler, parler, parler d'elle longtemps, Sans journaux, sans rien, sans rclame Elle eut une foule d'amants, Madame Arthur est une femme Qui fit parler d'elle longtemps. Sa taille tait fort ordinaire, Ses yeux petits mais smillants, Son nez retrouss, sa voix claire, Ses pieds cambrs et frtillants Bref, en regardant sa figure, Rien ne vous mettait en moi; Mais par derrire sa tournure Promettait un je ne sais quoi! Ses amants lui restaient fidles, C'est elle qui les renvoyait Elle aimait les ardeurs nouvelles, Un vieil amour lui dplaisait Et chacun, le chagrin dans l'me, De son cur n'ayant plus l'emploi, Disait: hlas! une autre femme N'aura pas son je ne sais quoi! Il fallait la voir la danse; Son entrain tait sans gal Par ses mouvements, sa prestance, Elle tait la Reine du bal Au cavalier lui faisant face Son pied touchait le nez, ma foi, Chacun applaudissait sa grce Et surtout son je ne sais quoi! De quoi donc vivait cette dame? Montrant un grand train de maison, Courant au vaudeville, au drame, Rien qu' l'avant-scne dit-on Elle voyait pour l'ordinaire Venir son terme sans effroi, Car alors son propritaire Admirait son je ne sais quoi! Oh! femme qui cherchez faire Des conqutes matin et soir, En vain vous passez pour vous plaire Des heures votre miroir, Elgance, grce mutine, Regard, soupir de bon aloi, Velours, parfums et crinoline, Rien ne vaut un je ne sais quoi!

 I'm home alone, doing my homework, eating a brownie and drinking a cup of tea. Rhapsody in Blue is playing in the background. How lovely it is.

 First of all, I would like to congratulate the 1000th visitor to my blog since I put the counter there (which was not when I began posting, I might add). Congratulations go to David Defoe from London, England, who was kind enough to send me the hit counter with the lucky number on it. Mmm, chocolate brownie waiting for me on the kitchen counter. I can hear it calling me. Must dash.

 Tee hee, Cartman is my hero.

 I really do need a new template. I am having serious problems with this one...

 Ah, relaxing time. Haven't had any of that for a while. Mmm, feels good.

 My hit counter, miniscule as it is, is approaching its first 1000 mark. If you are the 1000th visitor, copy the counter into an email and urlLink send it to me . (Watch, now I've jinxed it and no one will visit my blog. Oh well.) I love my iBook. It's beautiful. I think I want to name it, but I'm not sure what. It's very definitely a boy - that's already decided. If you have any ideas, do feel free to post them in the chatter (see - it's over yonder on the left). Everybody should get a Mac. It would make the world such a better place.

 Oh my goodness. So much has happened over the past few days. It being Sunday night (almost Monday, actually) and given the fact that I still have to do most of my homework, I very much doubt I will get everything to fit in this one post. It may very well spill over into Monday. We shall see. I think the best way to do this would be to start at the beginning... Update: Friday - Flex Day. Was so much fun. Holy crap, it was great. "Animal Farm" in the morning was loads of fun. It was very silly, but still very fun. It was nice to let go and be totally unselfconcious for a while. Plus Myer just looked like even more of an idiot than normal which made me very happy. Good lord, I hate that man. Anyway... - Second Flex activity, SLA, was fun too. I didn't participate much, but it was still pretty fun. And I actually signed up for it afterwards! (Although I probably should confess that I kind of have alterior motives...) - Friday afternoon: went home with Kit. Got dressed up as a devil and handed out candy. Watched Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, but got tired halfway through. No worries - we got to the two best lines in the movie. "But then who'd walk Patrick?" "You know what my momma always used to say. 'Two tears in a bucket, mother fuck it.'" Saturday - Went to the Apple store to look at computers. We decided on a desktop with surprisingly little difficulty. (The people at that store are so cool!) So then my dad says, "OK, great. Let's go look at laptops now." I looked back in shock and he smiled and said, "For your birthday." AAAAAH! I have a laptop! Well, it's not really mine, but it's ours and I pretty much have priority on it. A LAPTOP, GUYS! And not just that, but it's an iBook! Dude! It's pretty cool! We also got a printer and things to set up a wireless network. They had to install extra memory on the desktop and the wireless network cards in both things, so we left them at the store. My dad and I went back to pick them up around 8 that night (along with some cafe lattes, of course) and brought them home. We set them up and tried to get our Earthlink software to work. But no, it didn't. I was up until the wee hours of Sunday trying to get it to work, but eventually I just gave up and went to bed. Sunday - Got up early to keep working on the computers. Got the laptop to work great except for the Earthlink software, but the printer would not connect, wirelessly or otherwise. I called the Apple people, who told me to call the Earthlink people, who told me to call the Apple people, who told me to call the Earthlink people... you see where this is going. All in all, I spent over five hours on the phone with these people who couldn't solve any of my problems. When I hung up with the last guy who couldn't help me at all, I realized I hadn't eaten in about 30 hours and was running on 4 hours of sleep and I burst into tears. I couldn't stop - I don't know what happened. I was just exhausted I guess. My mom somehow managed to get a hold of the Apple store, which was really what we had wanted all along, and we made an appointment for the afternoon. - Went to the Apple store and met a guy named Casey. We had actually met him before - he helped us carry all our stuff out to the car. I want to marry him. He's so cute - really tall and lanky, dark haired with a goatee (normally I don't like facial hair, but he looked so pretty with it), big, gorgeous hands, glasses, and he smelled really nice. He had so much energy it was not funny. He just never stopped! He was so smart and so sweet; he took me through everything and we had all our servers set up and running as well as the printer working in about three hours. He also showed me some really cool things you can do on a Mac. Like I say, I really want to marry him. - Got everything home and tried to set it up. After a couple hours I had everything up and running. It's pretty cool now. So after that I had to go in and fix a few more simple things and before I knew it, it was really late. So here I am, 11:45, doing my homework. Good times. But guess what I'm doing it on? That's right, guys, MY NEW iBOOK! HA! I'm an Apple girl now.

 Just because it seemed like a Harry Potter-themed kind of day. Sarah sent me these a while ago, and I thought they were very cute. And a little unnerving - I think I may do some of these things... You're Too Big a Fan When... - You mutter nonsense latin words under your breath. - You call your least favorite teacher Snape. - Your computer says "You've Got Mail" and you run outside looking for an owl. - You get a broom for Christmas. - Every time you turn on a flashlight you mutter "lumos" under your breath. - You sort everyone you meet into four categories. (Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff and Slytherin.) - You were burned when you couldn't get through the flames of your fireplace. - You had to go to the hospital after you broke your nose running headfirst into the wall between platform's nine and ten. - You try to turn your brother into a bouncing ferret. - You point a normal things like parking meters and say "Look at the things these muggles dream up!" - You collect plugs. - You try on ever piece of silvery fabric your mom has to see if you turn invisible - Before getting up to get something, you always try to summon it first. Accio TV remote! - When it is windy you take a long branch up to a swaying tree and try to press a knot to freeze it - You try to install a flying device in your car - You spend hours tapping bricks in special orders hoping that a secret entrance to Diagon Alley will appear. - When playing chess, you yell orders to the chess players and get upset when they don't move - You poke pictures in the house hoping to make them move. - You try to find an article by Rita Skeeter in the newspaper. - You scream into the "fellytone." - You go to antique stores searching for a clock that tells where people are. Top ten signs your kid is a wizard 10. When he enters a room there is a burst of purple smoke 9. You say, "Do you think that lawn is gonna mow itself?" But then it does 8. He gets busted shoplifting a newt 7. Can turn lead into gold, but he can't remember to take out the trash - am I right, parents?? 6. He wears shiny red satin robes - and you're praying he's just a wizard 5. Favorite discount electronics store: "The Wiz" 4. He refers to Halloween as "amateur night" 3. He's only 12, but somehow he's dating Gwyneth Paltrow 2. His favorite excuse is that "his homework ate the dog" 1. You catch him in the bathroom polishing his wand

 Sarah found this really funny thing in the urlLink second Potter Puppet Pals . When Voldemort is killing Snape, click the "stop" button down at the bottom and use the back-and-forth arrows to find the frame where the green lines form a star. Click on the star, and it takes you to another short sketch. Follow the butterflies! I also found a few other rather funny things relating to the Puppet Pals in my search for the new third one. The best one (other than the music video I posted below) was this urlLink audio of the series of songs that are apparently going to be used in an upcoming movie - The Potter Puppet Pals Adventure. Some of them are very funny. My favorite is the very last one, so even if you don't think they're great, have patience and wait for the last song to come on. It's fun.

 There's a new Potter Puppet Pals! Kind of. I don't really get it - it's very short, and pretty much just Ron listening to a song and swaying back and forth. Hmm. One site I found said to watch urlLink this first, and then to watch urlLink Ron listen to the song . I think the first one is much funnier than the second myself, but see what you think.

 Unkymoods message boards are fun. If you were an element... posted by Lioness06 at 08:26 | 12/23/2003 ...which one would you be? I'd be francium. --------------------------------------------------- I'm not sure what that had to do with anything.. but I'd probably be Fluorine :D posted by manders33 at 17:29 | 12/23/2003 http://manders33.diaryland.com Xmanda333@hotmail.com --------------------------------------------------- oxygen, heheh.. ^^ posted by nindya13 at 20:38 | 12/23/2003 http://nindya13.blogspot.com nindya_conan@yahoo.com --------------------------------------------------- I'd be toononium posted by Unky at 00:19 | 12/24/2003 http://www.canhed.com unky@unkymoods.com --------------------------------------------------- water, definately water. I lurrrvveee water :) posted by Julie Weasley at 01:20 | 12/26/2003 http://www.eccentricated.com drcandygurl@hotmail.com --------------------------------------------------- milk. :P posted by smbergey at 23:15 | 12/26/2003 http://www.stephenbergey.com smbergey@bergey.net

 I found an old copy of C.S. Lewis' The Screwtape Letters that used to belong to my mom. They're hilarious. I'm really enjoying reading them - he very subtly and poignantly points out the intricacies of human nature when it comes to religion and the "soul." There's one letter that I particularly enjoyed that talked about how people, even without a religion, can start unconsciously worshiping other more physical things, like an object or even ideas and little nuances in their daily lives. I realized when I was reading that I in fact know a number of people who do just that - who have replaced religion with other forms of worship, just as fundamental and bad as when they were overly zealous to begin with. I also found it fascinating that Lewis constructs his hell like a bureaucracy, a kind of model of the society we live in. If you haven't yet read the Letters , I highly recommend them. I'm going to see Lord of the Rings again on Friday. I'm very excited. Mmm, sleep is good. I've been getting quite a bit of it lately. I feel so much more well-rested than I did at the end of exams. It feels good. I've managed so far to selectively forget that I have to write a paper and do some other homework. Perhaps later, after I've had another nap...

 Too tired to post. Lord of the Rings rocks my world. Blues Brothers is a great movie. That is all. Good night.

 Mmm, it's good watching all the Lord of the Rings movies in succession. Now I have to go see the third one again. Darn.

 I just got back from Lord of the Rings. Wow. I mean that was just... wow. It was incredible. The music, the special effects, the acting, the battle sequences, were all amazing. I cried. Multiple times. Damn you, Sam, and your incessant ability to bring me to tears! Anyway, I need to see it again. The whole thing was just... wow. And I mean wow. I love you, Sam.

 I hope everyone has a wonderful holiday, whatever you choose to celebrate. Happy Christmas to all, and to all a good night!

 Wow, my cat snores a lot. He sounds like a damn vacuum cleaner over there. But he is my baby, and I love him.

 So. Have added several new links over the past couple days that I should probably mention. And here they are: Barrett Brooks Lisa Rachel I met them at Kit's party and they are all quite fun. So go play on their blogs. Their links are all on the left there. Also, thanks to Rachel for linking me. (I love being linked!) Christmas is sneaking up on me and I completely didn't notice. I still have to get my mother's present. And it's at Target - quite far away. Oh, to have a driver's license! What I wouldn't give for one right about now. The cleaning continues today. I don't particularly like cleaning much (who does) but I must say I always do feel pleased with myself at the end result. It's nice to have a house that is dust-bunny-free. And what is with all these people talking about how bored they are over break? Enjoy it while it lasts, kids - it won't be long. Trust me.

 If only...

 Addendum to yesterday's Update (I was walking out the door and didn't have time to write everything): Also went to Kit's party Sunday night. Oodles of fun that was. Lots of fun new people. Ah, if only I was a junior. (Awww...) Anyway, it was much fun. Happy birthday Kit!

 Your soul is bound to the Yellow Rose : The Gentle. "I've travelled through the land of surrender and seen it all. I throw my heart out and keep my head up, and now I travel through the land of peace." The Yellow Rose is associated with friendship, intuition, and fun. It is governed by the goddess Hestia and its sign is The Intertwined Rings, or True Friendship. As a Yellow Rose, you always look out for your friends. You would much rather have strong ties with friends than a single tie with a lover and your devotion to your friends is clear. You may have great intuition and be able to read emotions clearly, but sometimes you can seem distant yourself. urlLink What Rose Is Your Soul Bound To? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Figured it was time for a good post. Update: Exams are over. Yay! I know three of my grades, and they're all pretty good. I'm rather pleased with myself. All that studying really did pay off. I'm exhausted, and very glad it's break. Even though I still have lots of stuff to do. Friday night went to hang out with Joelle and Sarah et al. Our attempts to go see Return of the King failed when someone informed us that they had called the theatre and all the shows were sold out. I need to get tickets early. I can't wait to see it - I've heard nothing but incredible things about it. One review I read said something along the lines of, "To speak of how wonderful this movie is would be to weep in public." Must be pretty good, eh? Soon. Also on Friday night, my family became the world's most pitiful Jewish family. I was gone and my dad was asleep, and since he and I are the only ones that know the blessing for the candles, the first night of Hanukkah went completely uncelebrated. It's pretty sad. I must say, though, that it was rather nice on Saturday not to have to clean out the menorah so we could put the next day's candles in. My mom suggested that we just get a big bowl of oil and set it on fire and see how long it would last. I think we may do that. My mom, sister, and I went to see the Nutcracker today. It was pretty average; most of the dancing was mediocre at best. There were a few really good parts - the orchestra was fantastic, the Sugar Plum Fairy was beautiful, and the Nutcracker was decently handsome. He was also very talented. I was wondering just why I love that ballet so much, and I think it's because ever since I was very little, I always fantasized about being Clara. I mean, what little girl on the planet doesn't want to be defended by a gallant hero who turns into a handsome prince and takes you in his arms and dances with you? It's wonderful, and I still dream about it. The best part of the whole thing (and also the worst) was the people who were sitting around me. We went to a matinee, so there were lots more kids and old people than there are at the evening performances. There was an old woman sitting next to me who didn't clap much, but occasionally in the middle of a piece she'd clap her hands together and go, "Yay!" and then stop as quickly as she started. It was totally unpredictable, but really funny. She'd also whisper things really loudly to her granddaughter sitting beside her. "You know," she said at one point, "those dancers are probably 14, 15, 16-year olds!" when they were very obviously in their mid-twenties. And then behind me there was this sweet little girl who kept getting confused and asking her mom what was going on. When Coffee came on to dance, she said, "Mommy, what's this part?" The mom was trying to be polite and not talk, so she didn't answer her daughter. But she was still confused, so she said again, "Mommy, what's this part?" and then when she didn't get an answer, " Mom , what's this part?" Her mom finally said, "It's Coffee, honey, now shh, be quiet." After a little pause, the girl said, "Mommy, why is she Coffee?" and the whole thing started over. It was annoying, but very cute.

 So many new faces, so many new places to travel in the RCHS blogopshere. Check out the new links. They're fun.

 It's break and my brain is fried from exams... what can I say? By the way, got this from urlLink Steven . Hannah is a Giant Moth that leaves a Trail of Goo, is Extremely Hydrophobic, and has a Metal Jaw. Strength: 3 Agility: 5 Intelligence: 6 To see if your Giant Battle Monster can defeat Hannah, enter your name and choose an attack: fights Hannah using Strength Agility Intelligence

 Exams. Done. Yay. Sleep...

 Exam update: APES and GoPo today. Neither exam was nearly as hard as I thought it would be. I finished APES in about an hour and fifteen minutes, it was that easy. GoPo wasn't too terrible either - all that studying really payed off! At least I hope it did... we'll see when I get my grades back I suppose. French and Chemistry tomorrow. French is really easy, so no last-minute studying going on there. I've heard some really nasty things about how hard Chemistry is, though, so I'm definitely doing some more review there. I'm feeling pretty solid about most of it though, so I'm not sure what people are complaining about. Hopefully it won't be too terrible.

 My sister has a quiz on the amendments and the articles of the Constitution tomorrow. Oh the irony.

 Exam Update: English and Algebra II today. English went better than I thought it would. There were some character IDs and quotes that I had absolutely no idea on, but other than that I knew just about everything. Algebra went really well. I think I may have aced it, except for that one question that I realized I missed about 10 minutes after I turned my test in. I hate when I do that - make a stupid mistake and not realize it until it's too late. I swear, I checked my answers about 10 times and it never even dawned on me that it might be wrong because it seemed so obvious. Oh well. It was only like a two-point question, so it doesn't really matter anyway. It just bugs me. Tomorrow is my hardest day. The thing that scares me the most is that I really feel like I know all the material really solidly, especially in GoPo. I've never felt this confident before, and it scares me a little. I know I'll do OK on both my exams, I just don't know how OK. I wish I felt better about them... but I don't and I'll just have to deal with it.

 THERE'S A NEW BOTHERING SNAPE! It's not as funny as the first one, but it's still great! Watch it urlLink here . (By the way, Sarah gave me the link for this one, too.)

 Helping me concentrate: Jet, Get Born. Mica, you have great taste. This is so great.

 It's already happened. I was studying for APES and I made a sarcastic comment about how Clinton was the devil. Sure, it made Kit laugh, but now I'm nervous. Crap.

 urlLink MaryT , you are my hero. The first rant in particular. Guys at our school: read up. No, and I repeat, no facial hair. Please.

 My life is music and poetry.

 I think I will follow in urlLink Mica's footsteps and ponder the ideal man. - He must be funny. I am all together way too serious to ever love someone who didn't have a great sense of humor. - Respectful. I fantasize about men from Jane Austen novels who hold open the door for me and are polite all around. It's amazing how far smiling briefly or offering a compliment can go. - Taste. This encompasses a lot, and unfortunately is lacking in many people I know. I'm not so much attracted by the slovenly, un-showered type and would much prefer a guy who, while not necessarily being perfectly manicured, is at least clean. And smells nice. Having taste also means he would not make distasteful or overly colorful comments, nor would he act in an immature and repulsive manner. - Originality. Posers are not attractive. Being unique and standing apart from the crowd are invaluable. - Responsible. Diligence always pays off. - Kind, thoughtful, sensitive, and all the other things that make a person pleasant to be around. Unfortunately, such a man doesn't exist, and I am hardly the person to request him if he does, seeing as I probably don't live up to my own criteria. But I do try, and effort is always good, too. On another note, exams begin tomorrow. Gack. My exam schedule: Wednesday English & Algebra II Thursday AP Environmental Science and GoPo Friday French IV and Chemistry Thursday is by far my hardest day, not only because they're my too hardest classes, but because the political agendas for the classes are totally opposite. In APES, all I have to do to do well on a test is chant in my head, "Democrats good, Republicans bad." And then for GoPo, I chant, "Republicans good, Democrats bad." I know I'm going to walk in to at least one of those exams on Thursday and get mixed up. I'll be saying, "OK, Democrats good, Republicans bad," and then realize, "Oh crap! Wrong exam!" And then I'll have to erase everything and start over. It's sad, but true.



 A studying update: - Yesterday, spent nearly 12 hours making The GoPo Review To End All GoPo Reviews. It's eleven pages long and beautiful. I also managed to re-memorize all 27 amendments and all the Supreme Court cases in less than 10 minutes. If I don't do well on this test it will not be my fault. - APES exam is all multiple choice. Life is good. And I know all the terms and most of the concepts, so I should be OK. - French. Studying not so much happening for that class. - Chemistry needs some quick intensive review on history-type stuff, but I'm just dandy on everything else. Plus, it's my last exam, so I've got time. - Math is a fluff. Yay for easy math classes that make sense. And even more yay for cool math teachers with British accents. Mrs Scicinska - you're my hero. - So then there's Myer. Meh.

 In my procrastination, I manage to stumble across a number of interesting and enticing sites. I'm not entirely sure what this one is, but the title deems it worthy of serious investigation: urlLink Nice Cup Of Tea And A Sit Down.com . Do its contents live up to its title? We shall have to find out. But later, because now I really do need to go back to work.

 urlLink Are you easily stressed?

 There are some things that are really funny when you've been studying like mad all weekend. Weird mammal-things singing about how much urlLink they like the moon is one of them. Let your brain rest, and revel in how wonderful the moon is. But not as much as cheese.

 My cats are both having a field day trying to sit on all of my papers spread out on my bed at the same time. At least someone's happy that I'm studying.



 urlLink Right... If I had that much spare time, I would hope I'd put it to better use than this.

 Sonnet 116 Let me not to the marriage of true minds Admit impediments. Love is not love Which alters when it alteration finds, Or bends with the remover to remove: O no! it is an ever-fixed mark, That looks on tempests and is never shaken; It is the star to every wandering bark, Whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken. Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks Within his bending sickle's compass come; Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks, But bears it out even to the edge of doom. If this be error, and upon me proved, I never writ, nor no man ever loved. - William Shakespeare

 urlLink Mica , I concur. People suck sometimes. Here's to being your own person!

 Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh... My neck and shoulders were really tight and I just put a heating pad on them. Man, this feels good. I should do this more often. During APES today when we were in the computer lab, Claire pulled up my blog and I found out that the template they see is very different from the one that I do. That made me both confused and sad - I like the one I see much better. The fonts are more uniform and there aren't any table lines. If I have time over break, I'll play around with it and see what I can do.

 And the blogging tradition continues: my urlLink sister just got a blog.

 I should have known that days that you really feel like procrastinating are probably days that you realize at 9:20 that you have a lot more homework than you thought you had. Crap. If you're up late and get bored, email me. I may very well be here.

 Should be studying for French oral tomorrow. Haven't really looked at the prompts yet. Which is probably bad. Really bad. Mmm... Nah.

 My bad. I accidentally forgot to give Sarah credit for giving me the link to urlLink Bothering Snape . Sorry Sarah!

 Yay!

 I probably would have posted urlLink these results on my blog, except the graphics kind of disturb me. Sorry. Either way, it's pretty funny.

 I'm really bored. I don't want to work. Midterms suck. I need more hits on this thing. My counter is so puny. It makes me sad.

 Tee hee. After a seemingly endless search, I have found it. The entire Triumph the Insult Comic Dog bit about urlLink Star Wars . How beautiful it is.

 On a follow-up note, here's the urlLink story about the earthquake.

 There was an earthquake in Virginia today. And a good sized one at that - 4.5! I felt it in my room. My head was against the wall as I was doing homework and my barrette started shaking. I could feel my whole bed tremor. The entire thing lasted for a few minutes at least. I think that may have been my first earthquake - I can't remember any from when I was in California, although my parents have told some good stories. Pretty exciting, no?

 I'm sure everybody knows this by now, but Mr Stapleton's daughter Angela died last night from a brain tumor. She will be mourned and missed by all. Send love, everyone. Send love.

 Mmm... chocolate is good stuff indeed. Some days I really love my mom, especially the ones when she brings home chocolate chips. Yum. And the studying for midterms begins. Gack. Too much stuff going on this week. It needs to be break.

 Yet another reason to move to urlLink Britain . (As if we needed one more anyway...) Link via urlLink Mrs Newmark .

 I deleted the post I put on Friday. I didn't realize how immature and downright offensive it was until someone pointed it out to me. To those of you who read it and were offended by it: I am truly and deeply sorry. I meant no offense, and if there was any way I could take back what I said I would. I don't want to "compartmentalize" my friends, or leave them out of a list. It was very petty of me, and I am very very sorry. I hope you can forgive me. I have never felt so stupid or immature in my life.

 I think some people have read the quiz-thing I took yesterday and are reading more into it than is there. For anyone who was either offended or left out - that entire section I was mostly putting down random names. Please do not take it seriously; I was just playing. I love all of you equally, and think of all of you as sweet, funny, smart, and whatever else was on there. I am very truly sorry if anyone was hurt by what I wrote - I didn't mean anything by it.

 Remember those Apple ads from about a year or so ago? I always kind of liked them. This one may be totally untrue, but it's still a great urlLink parody .

 Tee hee... there's a blog called urlLink Bananas Unite . This is what happens when your teachers won't email you back with your questions and you're home alone with a computer... silly things.

 Don't feel so much like doing anything productive. This is probably not good considering the crazy amount of things I have to do. I'm going to die sometime before midterms, mark my words. I'm trying so hard not to stress myself to the point of illness again, but I can feel it coming. It starts in my toes and works its way up to my head, where it stays and won't go away. I'm not looking forward to it. There's no food in the house and I'm here by myself. I'm hungry. What to do? It baffles me how in one year English went from being my favorite class to the time I dread the most every day. I guess I really am sensitive to the teacher I have. This scares me a little bit - how am I supposed to know my true interests and passions if my stupid teachers keep deciding for me? I wish I knew for certain. But I don't, and it drives me crazy.

 My new way to procrastinate: urlLink mug browsing .

 Nothing good happened on urlLink my birthday . 1874 William Marcy "Boss" Tweed, of Tammany Hall (NYC) convicted of defrauding the city of $6M, sentenced to 12 years' imprisonment 1879 National Assoc of Trotting Horse Breeders determines what "is" a trotter 1903 Carrie Nation attempts to address the Senate 1906 London selected to host 1908 Olympics 1919 US Senate rejects (55-39) Treaty of Versailles & League of Nations 1942 Russia launches winter offensive against Germans along the Don front 1947 200" mirror arrives at Mt Palomar 1959 Ford cancels the Edsel 1963 Worst Canadian air disaster kills 118 in Montreal 1968 Army coup seizes power in Mali 1979 Chuck Berry released from prison on income tax evasion 1994 First National Lottery draw in England These were the only good ones I could find: 1969 Apollo 12's Conrad & Bean become 3rd & 4th humans on the Moon 1970 Golden Gate Park Conservatory becomes a Cal state historical landmark 1971 Fort Wilderness opens 1976 George Harrison releases "This Song" And even those stink. My birthday was not such a great day for history, apparently. (Link via urlLink Kit .)

 At long last, I have put comments on my posts. (They're down there at the bottom, see?) They're fun - use them. Also, someone is posting on my chatter as me, and it's freaking me out. That comment, the "Yay! Again! Steven!" one is very definitely not me. Whoever you are, please stop. Use your own name. I'm rather protective of mine.

 I took a walk this afternoon. It was cold enough that I could see my breath, and it was raining a little. I had my Washington Huskies sweatshirt on. I felt like a real Seattle college student. It was perfect. Went out to dinner at this little Chinese place in the middle of nowhere. Ironically enough, Kit's dad reviewed the place a few years ago and called it one of the best, if not the best, Chinese place in the Triangle. And indeed it was very good. Scrumptious. We rented Pirates of the Caribbean for tonight. Jack Sparrow, here I come! I don't have to do any homework tonight because I did all the necessary stuff for tomorrow's classes last night. There are some advantages to being a nerd.

 I'm too neurotic. I keep trying to work my schedule for the next two years to satisfy college admissions people, be with friends, and make me happy. I think at least one of those things is going to end up being impossible. Which makes me sad.

 My cat just snored. It's the little things in life that count.

 So yes. Have been in the mood to (finally) update the links section. If you want to be linked, let me know and I will be happy to do so. Rachel Ann gets linked whether she wants to or not just because I want to. So there. There is too much going on. Squonk things and SLA things and more Squonk things and midterm things and various other club things. There are not enough hours in the day. My junior year may very well end up being way harder than it needs to be. Two AP histories in the same year? We shall see. There seems to be a general turmoil/crisis circulating the RCHS blogosphere. People are silly.

 Elizabeth: If I could love a man who could love me and take me for a mere 50 pounds a year, I should be very well pleased. But such a man could never be sensible and you know I could never love a man who was out of his wits. Jane: Oh Lizzy... A marriage where either partner cannot love or respect the other cannot be agreeable - to either party. Elizabeth: As we have daily proof... But beggars you know cannot be choosers. Jane: We are not very poor, Lizzy. Elizabeth: With father's estate entailed away from the female line we have little more than our charms to recommend us. One of us at least will have to marry very well. And since you are by far the prettiest and have the best disposition I fear the task falls upon you. Jane: But Lizzy, I would wish - I should very much like - to marry for love. Elizabeth: And so you shall. Only take care to fall in love with a man of good fortune. Jane: And you? Elizabeth: I am convinced that nothing but the deepest love will induce me into matrimony. So - I will end an old maid and teach your ten children to embroider cushions and play their instruments very ill. You know you've seen a movie way too many times when you can recite the entire five-hour long thing line by line. But I don't care - Pride and Prejudice is still one of the best movies of all time.

 Ah, new template. So much nicer this way. I quite like it - what do you think? I just realized that the picture of Chris below looks quite a lot like our sub in English today, no?

 Why? Why, Chris Thile, are you so talented and so pretty?

 I have been contemplating lately. I think my posts used to have much more of a philosophical intent to them than they do now. I was wondering why, and I think I may have the reason. I was talking to my mother the other day. As much as I complain about how overbearing she is and how she annoys me greatly, in all honesty she's probably one of the most well-read and most intellectual people I know. We were having a conversation the other night about life - why we're here, the intent of human existence, whether or not there is a higher power or a "plan" that unites the universe. We must have talked for about two hours before we went to bed. It was one of the most enlightening conversations I've had in a long time, and I think one of the reasons it was so wonderful was because it was just that - a conversation. You can only have a true epiphany when you are conversing with someone, bouncing your ideas off of them and letting them do the same on you. I don't think I would get anything out of posting my philosophical musings here, nor would anyone reading them. Therefore, I hope you will forgive me if the contents here do not reflect either my character or the deepest inner-workings of my soul. If anyone wishes to know me better, as several of you already do, I do not believe the best way to do so is read my posts. Not that I am discouraging anyone to stop reading, nor am I putting down the purpose of my blog. I am merely apologizing if what you read here is not the deepest of reflections. I hope one day I will be at the comfort level where I can bare my soul to the Internet-browsing world as others are able to do, but until that day, it will have to rest in an indeterminate state.

 YAY! urlLink Bothering Snape is back up! If you haven't seen it yet (or even if you have), go watch it. It's hilarious.

 Your Results: 1.Spinoza (100%) 2.Aquinas(98%) 3.Kant (92%) 4. Stoics (92%) 5.Aristotle(75%) 6.Jean-Paul Sartre(74%) 7.John Stuart Mill (68%) 8.Epicureans(67%) 9.Jeremy Bentham (66%) 10.Nietzsche (63%) 11.Ayn Rand(60%) 12.Nel Noddings (53%) 13.Prescriptivism (49%) 14.Thomas Hobbes (44%) 15.St. Augustine (43%) 16.David Hume(43%) 17.Ockham (40%) 18.Cynics(37%) 19.Plato(30%) urlLink Take the ethical philosophy selector. (Link via urlLink Kit .)

 More cat pictures! (Except of their faces this time.) Izzy Louie I love my cats, in case you hadn't noticed. I really should set up a blog just for them, but I'm bad enough about posting on this one, let alone on two.

 Let's play Find Hannah's Cats! Where's Louie? There he is! Now where could Izzy be? Oh, there he is! This is a fun game - we should play more often.

 Oh, but I found it! Check out the young, and not bad looking, Howard Dean. From urlLink crushiesfordean.com .

 Some new links up, including Mr Grunden's Dadman blog. It's most excellent. I've laughed and cried. (And her name's Hannah to boot. Good name choice, Grundens. Very well done.) I've been a lazy lazy blogger lately. I'm sorry. I'll get back into it later; I've been feeling out of sorts these past couple weeks. It'll pass soon enough. But for now I feel like hiding from the world, like I want to take my bookshelf and my cats and live in the mountains away from everyone for about five years. Maybe then I'll come back and wow everyone with my brilliance and well-rested-ness. How wonderful that would be. But alas... Half-day make-up day tomorrow. Shouldn't be too bad. We'll see. Then movie with Sarah and Joelle. Promises to be much fun.

 Wow, somebody here really needs to update... I think it's me. More later.

 My daddy got me some socks from Boston that have airplanes and suns and smiley faces and hearts and lobsters on them. They say, "Someone who loves me very much went to Boston and got me these socks." I Also: finished The Da Vinci Code today. Oh my goodness, a great book indeed. Very suspenseful. It's a goodie.

 urlLink Oscar nominations came out this morning. Lord of the Rings was nominated for eleven, including Best Picture and Best Director, but none of those eleven awards were for acting. I think I'm going to have to start an army in Sean Astin's name and storm the Academy to demand that they give him something. God knows he deserves it.

 Even though I probably won't (I'm a chicken, among other things), everyone who can should go out sledding at midnight tonight, with urlLink Kit . I hope everyone who does has a lovely time. In other news, we did not lose power. And since the chances of us doing so now are very slim to none, I can safely say I don't need to worry anymore. Phew. What a relief. Paranoia can be exhausting sometimes.

 YAY! Unkymoods is back up! How I missed it.

 Just went out and played in the snow. It was much fun. There were some spots where it was so icy that you could be walking on three inches of snow and not dent it. Good times. Now: Am going to keep reading the Da Vinci Code and maybe make some soup. Mmm, I love snow days (as long as we have power - keep your fingers crossed).

 WE HAVEN'T LOST POWER (YET)! WE HAVEN'T LOST POWER (YET)! This is (probably) good! (We're still keeping our fingers crossed - more ice to come today.) Monday High: 33 F Cloudy with rain and freezing rain developing this afternoon. Highs in the upper 20s-mid 30s. This morning we will have a lull in activity with perhaps some freezing drizzle with no accumulation. This afternoon, a plume of moisture builds into the state from the southwest. We are thinking that temperatures should rise through the day so when the precipitation does begin, it will be in the form of freezing rain and then change over to rain. We may see a light buildup of ice in the Triangle area from 1/10-1/4" with a greater accumulation west into the Triad of 1/4-1/2". (From urlLink wral.com ) Uh oh.

 Eeek! Sunday High: 26 F Snow and sleet develop then change to sleet and freezing rain this afternoon and then to a light freezing rain tonight. Highs in the mid-upper 20s. A Winter Storm Warning is in effect through midnight. We anticipate a serious blow from an ice storm which will last through tonight. The northern counties will likely see a 3-5" mixture of snow and sleet. For the Triangle area at least a 1-2" mixture of snow and sleet with a .25" ice buildup. Areas south and southeast of the Triangle could see as much as .25" ice buildup. Be prepared for power outages and freezing temperatures through tomorrow morning. Sunday Night Low: 25 F Snow and sleet develop then change to sleet and freezing rain this afternoon and then to a light freezing rain tonight. Highs in the mid-upper 20s. A Winter Storm Warning is in effect through midnight. We anticipate a serious blow from an ice storm which will last through tonight. The northern counties will likely see a 3-5" mixture of snow and sleet. For the Triangle area at least a 1-2" mixture of snow and sleet with a .25" ice buildup. Areas south and southeast of the Triangle could see as much as .25" ice buildup. Be prepared for power outages and freezing temperatures through tomorrow morning. (From urlLink wral.com ) This could be pretty icky.

 Want to get one of these: But don't have enough money. Alas. $249 for the smallest one seems a little steep. Just a little.

 Amendment to a post from two days ago: Celine's website appears to be in Portuguese, not Spanish. My bad. Potential ice storm tomorrow. Not good. Last time that happened we lost power for about five days and had to go camp out at a friend's house. Don't want to repeat that. It was cold. Hopefully nothing too bad will happen. In other news, got the Screamin' Dean Remix to burn onto a CD. Am very happy. I

 You know it's good when the BBC starts reporting about Dean's urlLink "exuberant yelp." Just think about how much better Dean's scream makes the blog world right about now. (Also: the BBC has come up with the official spelling for the scream. "Yeeaarrgghh!")

 Cool beanie weanies! I've got visitors from other languages to my blog. Celine was good enough to post a comment to the post right before this one (scroll down and take a gander if you haven't already) and she left the address to urlLink her blog . Unfortunately for me, it seems to be in Spanish, which I do not understand. But if anyone out there can read it, be good enough to go there and read it. Thank you, Celine!

 urlLink Even more Dean things! This is the video of the original I Have A Scream speech, and it's wonderful. I (Scroll down and click on the link in the box that says Dean Gone Wild.) Link via urlLink Kit .

 urlLink More fun Dean things. urlLink Lucas and Will and urlLink McCall had the link at the same time, so I'll give credit to both of them. In other news, I am crazy swamped. Anyone who tried to call me tonight, I am so so so so sorry I didn't get a chance to call you back. Please forgive me. I ended up having to be out really late, and still have a ton of work to do all over the place. I am really really sorry.

 I think I've probably listened to urlLink Dean's audio clip from a few days ago about a hundred times. It never seems to get old.

 Missed the State of the Union? Here are the notes - Hannah Style. (These are copied exactly from what I wrote down while listening to the address, so brace yourself for lots of spelling errors, grammar misusage, and probably some not-so-nice remarks. Sorry.) - Opened with Iraq, faded into the traditional partisan ranting and bragging - Back to the war, mention of September 11 - Patriot Act - as protection against terrorism (controversial!) - Further discussion of terrorism and rooting out the terrorists, countries that harbor terrorists - Success in Afghanistan - Success in Iraq since the last State of the Union (including the capture of Saddam) - "U.S. will never be intimidated by thugs and assassins" - Welcomed Iraqi governing council member - Libya releasing nuclear weapons - keeping WMDs out of N. Korea - Giving army resources needed to win the war on terror - More fighting against terror stuff - "Stupid Democrats almost didn't let us go to war; look what would have happened if we didn't." [So he didn't really say that. He might as well have.] - Everyone wants to be free (God told me so) - freedom in the Middle East is critical; development of free speech, press, the arts, etc. - "No ambitions of empire" - doing this for others as our duty as Americans - Economy: been through many hardships, but is strong and getting stronger - Job growth in highly skilled professions; training required - Education and NCLB; criticism of those who didn't like the plan ("Stupid Democrats... Damn that Ted Kennedy.") - "Jobs for the 21st Century" - help students with math & science for job training and other areas of education - Encouraged Congress to make tax cuts permanent - Energy: proposed legislation to modernize & make less dependent on foreign sources - Free & fair trade - S.S. in personal retirement accounts, other things that make people happy; available to everyone (except that damn Ted Kennedy) - "We must act as good stewards of tax payers' dollars" - Budget plan in two weeks - among other things, halve the deficit in 5 years - Reform immigration laws; temporary worker laws - Control costs of medicine, "requires bipartisan efforts," applauded Congress for its efforts - Rising health care costs - improvements in the system (reduce frivolous lawsuits, gov't shouldn't be running healthcare - keep it private) [Insert mean snarl from Ted Kennedy] - Drugs=bad; use has gone down - funding to continue testing, community efforts, etc. - Steroid/performance drugs=bad - STDs=bad - Gay people=bad - no marriage for them - People who don't let churches have money to do stuff=bad - Ex-criminals=good - help ex-cons get help upon release - Closed with patriotic feel-good stuff: letter from a girl in Lincoln, RI

 By the time it came to the edge of the Forest the stream had grown up, so that it was almost a river, and, being grown-up, it did not run and jump and sparkle along as it used to do when it was younger, but moved more slowly. For it knew now where it was going, and it said to itself, "There is no hurry. We shall get there some day." - A.A. Milne

 I'm trying to learn Flash, but agh, it's too much work. I should probably get a book or something. 30-day free trials of $500 software are fun. Shopping with Kit and Tom today. Mmm, much fun. Lots of skanky prom dresses to look at. Good times. I really should be doing my homework, or at least doing something intelligent, but no. I think I'll take a nap. My blog has gotten so boring lately - it's just my rants about how tired I am or how crappy I feel. I'm really sorry. I haven't been thinking very deeply lately, or if I have, I've felt like keeping it private and off the internet. Want to know what's in my head for real? Call me. Some of you already do. I am becoming more and more appreciative of my friends. I am so lucky to live amongst such a nurturing, accepting group of people. If there's something I need to talk about, I can think of a whole group of people I could call in an instant. You know who you are. And I love you for it. Thank you.

 Fun new links. During APES. Hopefully more to come soon. (If you want to be linked, say so in the chatter or send me an email.)

 APES is good this way. I get to post. But now I run into the problem that I don't really have all that much to say. Drat. It's been a long week - I'll be glad when it's over. Almost there... just a few more hours. Then a three-day weekend. Yay. I haven't been sleeping very well lately, so hopefully that's all I'll be doing. And homework. That'll take a while too. Should probably go back to work now.

 I don't have time for ANYTHING! This sucks.

 Life is being tired and generally blah... So much homework. Yucky. I need a nap. And chocolate. I am crazy swamped. There's all together way too much stuff to be done. Vacation is calling me. It misses me. And I miss it. No philosophy today. Too tired.

 The Songs That Have Been Stuck In My Head Today (In Order) 1. The Cookie Monster, C is for Cookie 2. Howard Shore and Billy Boyd, The Steward of Gondor (Pippin's Song) 3. Me, Hannah's Random Ditty (aka The Bouncing Song) 4. Patrick Doyle, Weep You No More Sad Fountains 5. Bob Dylan, If Not For You 6. King Harvest, Dancing in the Moonlight It's been an interesting day.

 Wow. I just found a blog that does nothing but urlLink post spam . Life is funny.

 The Steward of Gondor - Pippin's Song Home is behind The world ahead And there are many paths to tread Through shadow To the edge of night Until the stars are all alight Mist and shadow Cloud and shade Hope shall fail All shall fade I definitely cried both times at this song. So beautiful.

 There is so much work to be done. Homework. Practice. Cleaning. But somehow I don't feel like doing any of it. I want to sleep. And see Lord of the Rings. That is all. Today I'm feeling overwhelmed - like I have so much that I want to (or mostly have to) do, and I can't bring myself to even get started on any of it. I want to quit school and guitar and all my extracurriculars and just sleep for the next five months until summer comes, and then I want to go to Europe. Blah.

 Somehow everything is prettier when there's snow on it. I took a walk around my neighborhood and I hardly recognized some of it. My house. My street. My sister's creation. I love snow. I wish it would last forever.

 On July 24th, there will be a urlLink Blogathon where bloggers update their blogs every half hour for 24 hours to win money for various charities. We should do it, RCHS bloggers! It would be much fun. In other news, today is Wednesday. But in my head it's Tuesday, which therefore means that tomorrow, although it will be Thursday, will feel to me like Wednesday; and then the day after tomorrow, although it will be Friday, will feel to me like Thursday, and then I will get to end my week feeling like it's a day early. Mostly because it is. But I like the feeling either way. In other other news, I'm in love with life. I'm having a good day. No particular reason, just am. I'm feeling in love with everything I see - the trees, the sky, the clouds, all of it. I want to hug the earth.

 I think I shall make myself a new template. This one's code was messy to begin with, and now I've made it even worse. Icky. First day back was not terrible in the least. Exam grades are good, and semester grades are good as well. All is well in the school world. I think I may indulge myself in a bath tonight. I should very much like to relax a little. I watched some of Sense and Sensibility with the commentary today. Emma Thompson is an incredibly smart woman, and Ang Lee is an incredibly brilliant director. I'm happy. They should both make more movies. On a similar note - I want to see a movie Ang Lee directed called Eat Drink Man Woman. It's supposed to be very good. I thought my return to school would herald a revived interest in posting more often. Alas, it does not seem to be so. Not yet anyway. With any luck, I'll get into the swing of things again soon.

 School starts back up tomorrow. I am sad, but not entirely so. I'm still tired, but I think I may be ready to go back. The reason I am saddest is because I didn't get to do many of the things I wanted to over break. Things I Wanted To Do But Didn't - Read The Screwtape Letters , The Da Vinci Code , and my collected works of Jane Austen that my sister gave me. - Clean my room. I think I started out almost every day this last week meaning to do just that, and then forgetting until it was time to go to bed. - Practice guitar more. I really need to do that. - Update my template. It needs fixing and beautification. But then there were also... Things I Wanted To Do, And Did - Walk to The Third Place. It's about two and a half miles from my house, and is a very nice walk. - Sleep. A lot. - People-watch. I went to the mall with Kit the day after Christmas and watched a lot of fun people all chasing the sales. I also went shopping a few other times with my mom and sister and we did a lot of people-watching together as well. - Do my homework. I'm rather proud of myself that I got all of it done a couple days early. - See Lord of the Rings in all its splendor. I meant to go see it a second time, but car troubles prevented it. - Watch Sense and Sensibility about a hundred times. I cried at least 99 of those times. Things I Hadn't Planned On, But That Were Fun Anyway - Buy a formal dress. It's lovely and gorgeous and all other things good. I also got shoes and found in my closet matching earrings, a necklace, and handbag. All of it was on serious sale. I'm not sure when I'll get to wear it (prom, maybe?) but if not this year then next year for sure. - See Peter Pan. What a sweet movie. - See The Blues Brothers for the first time. I got goose-bumps when Aretha Franklin sang. That woman can sing. - Learn how to bake biscotti. I made several different kinds and they were all scrumptious. - See an Italian movie called Pane e Tulipani , or Bread and Tulips. It was so good - it was about an Italian woman on vacation with her family. She gets left behind at a bus stop and decides to hitchhike her way to Venice. It's a sweet sweet story. I know I always have to be in a certain mood to watch a movie with subtitles, but if you are ever in that mood you should definitely watch this movie. It's so good. I think I'll be happy to get back into the swing of things, though. I miss going to The Third Place with my dad. It will be nice to start doing that again. Perhaps I will also get back into my blogging habit - I've been shirking my duties lately. Happy last day of vacation everyone, and a joyous new semester.

 My Mom: "Your cat is having a fit out there, mooning himself in the sunlight!" I think she meant to say "sunning himself in the moonlight."

 Tee hee. Lawyer: "When he went, had you gone and had she, if she wanted to and were able, for the time being excluding all the restraints on her not to go, gone also, would he have brought you, meaning you and she, with him to the station?" Other Lawyer: "Objection. That question should be taken out and shot." There are lots of other good ones urlLink here .

 This is very definitely something we should get all the guys in the country to sign: urlLink a deal to bathe daily .

 I just had a pleasant surprise. I didn't realize we have Monday off from school. This is a great feeling. It's like going to bed on Sunday night, dreading going to school the next day, and then realizing that it's not Sunday, it's Saturday! You have a whole other day to sleep in and relax before you have to go back. Oh how happy I am!

 urlLink Bethany found an urlLink alternate ending to the Aicha music video I posted a couple days ago. Scary. But funny. I definitely didn't mean to put off doing all my homework until today. I'm not very excited about the paper-writing and question-answering I have to do. Yucky. And I've been having way too much fun writing arguments in the philosophy journal using Sense and Sensibility as my analogy. It's good.

 Happy New Year! I just got back from seeing Peter Pan. What a sweet movie. I liked how they actually followed the book (cough cough, Disney, cough cough) and played up the real theme of the story - the pain of growing up. Peter was appropriately precious, and Hook was appropriately scary. I especially liked how Jason Isaacs played Hook; he was much more of a seducer than I had previously seen him played. I liked the movie quite a lot.

 I'm in a damn good mood. Paper is done. It sucks, but it's done. My room is almost clean. Meh, it's close enough. Happy happy happy! No good reason, really. Just am. Although I think it may have something to do with Elliott Smith. Won't you follow me down to the Rose Parade? People are fun(ny).

 I'd totally forgotten - happy leap day!

 Today was extraordinarily productive. I feel really really good. - Got rid of my bookcase and put my old desk where the bookcase was. - Made myself a new bookshelf with some boards and bricks. It's really cool and artsy looking. - Cleaned out both my bookshelf and my desk, as well as parts of my dresser. I would have tackled my closet as well, but there was that pesky English paper to write. - Wrote the bulk of the paper - most of the middle - but haven't yet done the introduction, conclusion, and filler stuff. - Cleaned off all the surfaces in my room, so now it's all clean and pretty. But, I still have a number of things to do: - Finish that English paper, along with some other smaller homework. - Finish dusting my room. You would be shocked how much dust can gather behind furniture when it hasn't been moved in a long time. It's nuts. - Hem my curtain. It used to hang nearly to the floor, but since the bookshelf is under it now I have to hem it. - Practice guitar. Yeah, I've been kind of lazy about that lately... And before I forget, last night we went to see "The Fog of War." It was really interesting. If anyone is interested in the Cold War I would highly recommend it. The interviews were interesting, the editing was spectacular, and the archival footage was well-balanced. It was a terrific movie. Mmm. Weekends.

 I will issue one (hopefully final) apology. If, in my comments, I offended anyone's religion or beliefs, please know that it was unintentional. I am truly sorry. I would very much like to close this discussion, as I feel badly about offending some people. Religious arguments are seldom productive, and I believe this one just goes to show that point. People were insulted on both sides, and if at all possible, I would like to end that. Thank you for your comments, and if you feel absolutely compelled to respond you may do so, but I shall try to refrain from responding further. Please know also that in any comment I made, I was referring to the film and to the film only. I was most certainly not trying to make general references to any religion or religious school of thought. Once more, if anyone was offended, I apologize. It was most unconsciously done.

 Apparently my last post, which wasn't intended to offend anyone, has gravely insulted some people. I apologize. I did not mean to offend people in the least. But I am still not going to see the movie. Both the extreme violence and anti-Semitism are clear reasons for me not to go see it. If you want to, fine. Be my guest. I remain steadfast. I would also like to say that people are more than welcome to argue with me on religious principles, although there is really very little to argue about. However, I would appreciate it as a personal favor if people would avoid damning me to Hell in a public forum. I do not take offense at too many things, but comments such as these are not productive and are very hurtful. Please don't make me cry again. Thank you.

 Tee hee. From urlLink Kit/Claire's blog comes urlLink an amusing story : apparently God was a chief contributor on "The Passion of the Christ" and actually had his own IMDb database page. So God talked to Mel Gibson and told him to make a movie that makes Pontius Pilate out to be a good quiet guy who didn't really want to kill Jesus, and the Jews the evil, despicable people who forced him to do it? Call me crazy, but I have a hard time swallowing that one. In a related story: "The Passion" is garnering urlLink not so hot reviews from many critics. Most attest to the extraordinary violence, others to the gross anti-Semitism and the extreme license Gibson takes with the account in the Gospels. Even the good reviews are given with hesitation, commenting well on the direction skills and some of the more technical aspects of the film, but steering away from the core of its plot and delivery. And in a side note of commentary: I will not be seeing this movie. Even if I didn't find the anti-Semitism blatantly offensive, I am not one to pay to sit and watch a man (Jesus or not) being tortured for nearly two hours. It's just not my cup of tea.

 Sweet. I think my parents were going to try to drag me and my sister somewhere horrible this weekend, but we won and don't have to go anywhere. Life is good when you get to spend a whole relaxing weekend at home. Aaaah... solitude. Tonight we're planning to go see a movie called urlLink "The Fog of War." It's supposed to be very good - it's a documentary about Robert McNamara, the Secretary of Defense during the Vietnam War and the Cuban Missile Crisis. I'm looking forward to it.

 The links list is in the process of being updated. (Finally.) If you want to be linked, do let me know, either in the chatterbox or by urlLink sending me an email . Also: am not feeling so bad about snow - or life in general - anymore. Inner calm has settled... I'd forgotten how good this feels.

 If you had told me two months ago that one day I would be at school, it would start snowing, school would be canceled for the rest of the day, and I would say, "Crap! This is really bad!" I would have laughed in your face. Well my friends, that day has come. And I am not laughing. It's bad when I get irritated by something as lovely as snow. Alas.

 I think I may be feeling a little better. Still haven't gotten whatever-it-is out of my system, but I can feel it surfacing. Give it time. To anyone I've been mean, rude, or downright bitchy towards in the past few days: I'm sorry. I don't mean it. I'm just angry at the world and have been taking it out on... the world. It will pass. "This is a group of people with a sense of humor. Life is too serious for us to take ourselves seriously. We enjoy life and all it has to offer. We rejoice in the discoveries of science: the decoding of the DNA, the functioning of the brain, the wresting of the mysteries within the heart of the atom itself, the new physics, modern technology, and the computer age. We rejoice in poetry, music, and dance. We rejoice in nature. "We also remain aware of the past and its traditions. We do not follow the traditions themselves, nor do they bind us. Rather we acknowledge them as part of our cultural past and as a source from which much of our present civilization springs forth.... "We recognize and acknowledge the value of ancient mythologies. By mythology, we mean something that while not necessarily factual, is nevertheless true. They point not to one time and event in history but to the ever-recurrent realities of the soul. As we discover more about evolution and the universe, new meanings arise. The old mysteries, as they unravel, eternally disclose new ones to be unveiled. Therefore we can hold no beliefs, only hypotheses; open to be discarded or changed at all times." - Rosamonde Miller Thank you, Rosa. I needed that.

 Too much stuff going on. Homework? Way too much of it. My head hurts. I'm feeling overwhelmed. People need to stop. Number of times I almost cried today: 7 Number of times I actually cried: 2 I think I need to learn to let go.

 Hannah's Stupid Mistakes So Far Tonight: - The Ba is, in fact, not a river, but an ancient Chinese culture (although I did get that Martin Sheen said it a lot in an APES movie). - President Ronald Reagan is not dead. Yet. - Tomatoes are not bell peppers, and vice versa. And that's just the beginning.

 Our front room! It's pink! YAY! I was feeling very pink today, having been inspired by both my toenails and the lovely color that now occupies the walls in that room. Last night was a flamenco guitar concert, performed by the infamous Paco de Lucia and his band. It was incredible. The first half was, I thought, much better than the second, because it was mostly solos or guitar and percussion. The second half had more instruments, like a bass, flute, and soprano sax. The worst part was the two singers they got. As my dad remarked afterwards, they sounded like a herd of dying high-pitched cattle. It was bad. Plus, they turned up the volume on the mics A LOT for the second half, so it was crazy loud. By the end, we all had massive headaches. But it was definitely worth going, if only to see the first half. Paco is truly incredible. Gives me a reason to practice, that's for sure. The people organizing the APES classes need to stop getting in so many guest lecturers to put us to sleep and start teaching the material. Just an idea. My justification for this comment? urlLink This was our class today. It's a little sad.

 urlLink Kit posted the picture of the construction guy with the scarlet macaw from yesterday. How freaking cool is this?

 Update: Friday was SLA. YEARGH! Good good times. It was really crazily mad fun. Can't wait until next year. And urlLink Kit and urlLink Elena are the new co-speakers! Yay for them! I'm very happy. Today was a half-day at school. No one was there, and it was a little sad. We mostly just goofed off in classes, and it wasn't miserable. Tomorrow is my mom's birthday, and since tomorrow evening we'll be out at a concert, my dad, sister, and I cooked a big dinner. We decided to be adventurous and get a dim sum book to make dumplings and pot stickers. The Event In Pictures Me concentrating very hard on making the dough (from scratch!). Aww, aren't they cute? They looked like little flowers on their plates. We cooked them in a steamer. Chaos ensued... But was soon remedied. There were lots of presents. And the table was lovely. Power to the peoples. And all this managed to happen simultaneously with my mother painting the living room. Ballet pink. It's very pretty.

 From urlLink Brooks comes something that is most amusing: urlLink Hey Ya Charlie Brown!

 Someone needs to link me. A hint: his name begins with a "B." And ends with "arrett." Cough. In other news, SLA TOMORROW! Excited. Yay! Cool legislative things need to happen sooner. Plus, post-legislative partying should be fun. Mmm, yay. Good times. Outfit for tomorrow is cute, and I'm happy. I should try to remember to take a picture. I don't get to look cute very often. Mmm, cute clothes. I'm HAPPY! But... Major serious big ugly homework has to happen tonight, and I am definitely not looking forward to it. It's a necessary evil for fun legislative goings-on, I suppose. (Plus we get to miss class tomorrow. Always a plus.)

 Legislative outfits are picked out, arranged, and ready to go. Room is clean. College letters are opened and thrown away. Datebook is updated. Cats are fed, watered, and fawned over. Homework is totally not done. And it may well just stay that way.

 Did it again. Went to school, and no one was there. I freaked out. "Was there a field trip that left without me?! Did I miss some announcement that said we were meeting somewhere else today?! Did something happen with SLA?! WHERE IS EVERYONE?!?!" I called the school, and sure enough, we were on a two-hour delay. I feel like an idiot.

 I'm mad. School on Saturday will seriously interfere with post-legislative partying. I don't think I've ever thought ill of Dr. Humble before, but I do wish he hadn't canceled school today. I was totally ready for everything I had going on today. Arg.

 Stuart makes my day.

 I danced in the snow this morning. In my pajamas. And bare feet. God, I love snow.

 Have muchos stories about crazy restaurant adventures tonight... but I'm tired and am opting to go to bed instead. Apologies all around. I shall do my best to remember to enlighten you tomorrow. A hint: I've never gotten so lost in a place I've never been before, let alone a city I've lived in for almost eight years now.

 One hour delay... sweet. This should give me some time to look at the English vocab list I haven't even glanced at since Friday. I'm a really bad student. It's kind of sad that way. Slackers have more fun.

 It may not be quite as much fun as urlLink penguin batting , but urlLink throwing rocks at boys still has its thrills. (Thanks to urlLink Danielle for the link.)

 In true Valentine's Day spirit, there are about 25 really fat robins in a tree right outside my window. They're all flying around towards each other trying to mate. It's very sweet.

 Happy Valentines/Singles' Awareness Day! (Thanks to urlLink Steven for that marvelous outlook. I've firmly adopted it.) You know, people say it sucks to be alone on Valentine's Day. Somehow, I couldn't care less. My dad always does something special - I guess living in a house with three women and two effeminate cats can do that to you - so there's at least some chocolate in the house. Part of the reason I don't really care may very well be that I've never had someone on Valentine's Day, so I don't feel like I'm missing out if I don't have someone. The holiday as a whole seems rather silly. If you want to show someone you care, try springing it on them instead of waiting for the day when you're expected to do something. I know I'd like that much better myself. I hate all these commercials out now that show women crying like mad because their boyfriend got them a necklace. Come on ladies - we're not that shallow, are we? I'd certainly like to think not. So whether you have someone or not, happy February 14th. Enjoy the chocolate.

 Today = loooooooooooooooooong I need a nap.

 Fever. It's back. It left me alone for a while and now it's back, bigger than ever. Dammit. I'll definitely be at school tomorrow, whether I'm feeling sick or not. I need to catch up on a lot of stuff. Plus I don't want to miss the committee meeting or the Philosophy and Lit discussion. Even though I probably won't be able to talk tomorrow since my voice will still be gone (I can tell). I'll at least get to listen, which is good too. Not as good, but at least it's something.

 Blog browsing. Because I can't fall asleep. Grr. Found some good and entertaining things. (If you aren't reading urlLink Kit's blog , why?) I enjoy browsing. But I also found some things that confuse me. On urlLink Nate's blog for instance, I found this: Sometimes, of course, things don't go so well. There are a couple incidents concerning Hannah that've come up over the past few months... I was totally unaware there was any kind of "incident" myself. So I say this (and it applies to everyone, really): If it was my fault, I'm very sorry. I'm sure whatever I did was unintentional, because I can't imagine ever intentionally hurting anyone, especially a friend. I would also like to add - and this very distinctively goes along with Complaint #3 below - if you have a problem with how I've been acting or something I've been doing, please tell me. There is no need to go behind my back and proclaim to the world that I've done something that I didn't even know I did. I'm being serious. I have no problems listening to people who think I've been doing something wrong. I need the criticism from time to time. Next time someone's mad at me, please say it to my face. I'd really appreciate it. Thanks.

 I want to cry. All my anger just melted away. urlLink Here. (I think this one is my favorite so far.)

 I would like to register a few complaints with the authorities. 1. I should very definitely NOT feel this crappy after three (count 'em - three) days in bed. I can't swallow or talk because my throat is so swollen, and even if I could swallow I can't eat because I'm still nauseous. I can't even talk on the phone it hurts so much. Plus I'm exhausted, but so feverish and sore that I can't fall asleep. It's not supposed to work this way, and it makes me angry. 2. urlLink J. Jill needs to stop making such pretty clothes at such outrageous prices. If they were at all reasonably priced I think I would buy out the store. But no. They don't. And then when the sale catalogs do come out and the prices are normal they're all out of everything I want. Come on, J. Jill people, get your act together so I can be pretty. 3. I don't like it when people talk about me behind my back. You know who you are. Stop it. 4. To my cats: Stop waking me up by pouncing on my stomach at three-frickin'-thirty in the morning. Your voluminous 25 pounds are not welcome on top of me that early. Sorry. You can wait the extra few hours to eat. It's not like you're going to starve - live off your body fat for a while. I love you, but you make me crazy sometimes. I really need to get better. I don't like feeling this awful.

 Fun and useless quizzes happen on sick days. I'll do anything to get idiots to hurt themselves. urlLink What does your bumper sticker say? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Voice is shot. Throat hurts. Head is floating. Stomach is icky feeling. Still feeling wiped out. Chemistry is making zero sense. I need help.

 Still sick... but I don't have strep, which is comforting. I've got all the symptoms, but they'll eventually go away on their own without me having to take antibiotics, which always seem to make me feel even more sick. I'm happy about that. (That I don't have to take them, not that they make me sick.) Mmm, lots of naps today. Feels good.

 Sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick... Homework homework homework homework... I may be at school tomorrow. But then again I may not. We'll have to wait and see. (P.S. A note to teachers and people in general: Sick days should definitely NOT constitute this much work. I have taken a total of 2 naps today, both very brief. I feel no better, and in fact I even feel a bit worse than I did this morning. Phoey.)

 I'm feeling steadily worse. This stinks. Plus I have makeup work to do. The prospect of feeling crazy sick and doing homework is a not-so-nice one.

 Sick day... I feel icky. But I get a day off, which is nice. I'm going back to bed.

 I really should do my homework, but I don't so much feel motivated. Also: am feeling very sick. My headache has escalated into a sore throat/headache/nausea/exhaustion fiasco. I feel awful. Will I get to skip school tomorrow? Probably not. Do I want to? Yes. I need a break, and I feel like crap.

 From urlLink Kit comes an interesting quiz: Which Founding Father Are You?

 Guess who got into honors chorus? Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh! Am very happy. There's just something about forms that are completely filled out that makes me smile. But... also have a very bad headache and a ton of homework to do. Alas. My bliss was short-lived. But it was lovely while it lasted. And a note to all RCHS people in AP classes: don't be like me and almost forget to urlLink register for AP exams . It would be sad.

 Tired... need a day off.

 Wizard of Oz = so cool Guy who played the head monkey = so gorgeous (Unfortunately, only got to see him during the applause when he took his mask off. Either way... holy cow.) Hannah = so happy

 People are suddenly posting all these song lyrics that I know (which is weird - I hardly ever know the songs people post) but a month ago if I'd mentioned any of those songs or artists no one would have heard of them. Hannah, you trendsetter, you. Not really. I just like to think so. Talking of people I like to think I discovered: Norah Jones' new CD comes out on the tenth. Excitement! Nothing is original anymore. And it saddens me.

 Finally, one that's actually right. INFJ - "Author". Strong drive and enjoyment to help others. Complex personality. 1.5% of total population.

 Great. What do people really think about you? by Raven319 Name Age favorite song Parents think You&#39;re sleeping around Strangers think You&#39;re hot Friends think You smell really bad Created with urlLink quill18 's urlLink MemeGen 2.0 !

 It's fun to Google your own name. There's never much for me, of course, but I did stumble across a few things. I had forgotten that in seventh grade I won a silver medal in a regional French poetry reciting competition, but I found a website that listed my name. There were a few other academic award things on there, like the Duke Tip program and some smaller school awards. But by far the nicest thing was something Scribe put up on urlLink her profile at fictionpress.com under the "Thanks" section. Hannah, my pet freshie and goddess of advisory smiles, thank you so much for reigning in my evil desires to overuse the semicolon and the dash. You're right - a little goes a long way. (I did it on purpose! Ha!) Thank you Scribe. I love you, too. (And notice - no semicolon or dash. Oh wait. Oops.)

 Today... today was a good day. - A certain teacher tried to explain/understand/repeat some of the stuff that happened at the Kant discussion and failed miserably. It was humorous and I laughed. A lot. - Had a test in APES, and even though I probably spent very little time (read: 5 minutes in extended advisory) looking over the notes, I think I may very well have done well, and maybe even gotten an A. It's an annoying class, but hey, it has its advantages. - After talking to Madame Poirier about my French plans for the next two years, she's going to let me go to AP French next year. YEAH! As many people in my fourth period Chemistry class soon found out, I was ecstatic. It was good. - Chemistry was fun. Duh. And Mr. Grunden signed me off to take AP Chem next year, which (although it was pretty expected and I honestly would have been surprised if he didn't) still made me very happy. - Lunch was... lunch. No complaints. Talked to people and it was fun. - Got our GoPo test back today and I did very well. Always puts me in a good mood when I do well on those tests. - Math was fun as usual. I'm going to have to try and enjoy those classes more now because I found out yesterday that Mrs. Scicinska is leaving at the end of the year. (It's becoming a trend - my cool teachers leave me at the end of the year.) But the cool thing is that she's moving out to the area in California where my grandparents live, so we may even get to see each other. Which would be pretty cool. - Just got home from Wellspring. (I'm sorry, I refuse to call it Whole Foods. It's too generic a name for so cool a place.) I always love going there. About half the people know me by face, and some of them even know me by name. It's a fun fun place. Plans for tonight: homework and practice. That's all. Yay... relaxation.

 Our GoPo textbook makes me smile. Under a section entitled, "The President: Qualifications and Benefits," it lists the first benefit as, "A nice house." (blink) And it's white. Go figure.

 Life is funny. Elliot Smith has an uncanny knack of playing the soundtrack to my life. Today's theme song: Elliott Smith - Rose Parade They asked me to come down and watch the parade And to march down the street like the duracell bunny With a wink and a wave from the cavalcade Throwing out candy that looks like money To people passing by that all seem to be going the other way Said wont you follow me down to the rose parade? Tripped over a dog in a choke-chain collar People were shouting and pushing and saying And when I traded a smoke for a food stamp dollar A ridiculous marching band started playing And got me singing along with some half-hearted victory song Wont you follow me down to the rose parade? Wont you follow me down to the rose parade? Wont you follow me down to the rose parade? The trumpet has obviously been drinking Because hes fucking up even the simplest lines Id say its a sight thats quite worth seeing Its just that everyones interest is stronger than mine And when they clean the street Ill be the only shit thats left behind Wont you follow me down to the rose parade? Wont you follow me down to the rose parade? Wont you follow me down to the rose parade?

 Happy February!

 Stuff Status Done: - Math competition - Printer fixing - GoPo paper - Guitar practicing - Studying for English Not Done Yet: - Studying for Chemistry - Studying for APES - Studying for French - Studying for Algebra II Ha Ha, That's Definitely Not Getting Done Tonight: - YLA research - Cookie-baking - Hair cut - Outfit finishing & packing - General organization that keeps me sane Sigh.

 Yay! Printer problems resolved!

 If You Want to Sing Out, Sing Out Well, if you want to sing out, sing out And if you want to be free, be free 'Cause there's a million things to be You know that there are And if you want to live high, live high And if you want to live low, live low 'Cause there's a million ways to go You know that there are Chorus: You can do what you want The opportunity's on And if you can find a new way You can do it today You can make it all true And you can make it undo you see ah ah ah its easy ah ah ah You only need to know Well if you want to say yes, say yes And if you want to say no, say no 'Cause there's a million ways to go You know that there are And if you want to be me, be me And if you want to be you, be you 'Cause there's a million things to do You know that there are Chorus Well, if you want to sing out, sing out And if you want to be free, be free 'Cause there's a million things to be You know that there are You know that there are You know that there are You know that there are You know that there are - Cat Stevens

 There are three kinds of people in this world - those of us who can count, and those of us who can't. And I'm going to a math competition tomorrow. This Stupid Moment brought to you by The Number 235,473,458,982,370,429,375,709.87 and A Very Tired Hannah.

 My paper's done! YAY! Now I just have to edit it and I'll be done. I would edit it in the car tomorrow, but alas, our printer is out of ink. Blast. Oh well - it shouldn't take me too long. I'm pretty happy with it. Five pages and ten footnotes, as well as a page-long bibliography. Ah, footnotes make me smile.

 urlLink NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! What have they done?! It's such a wonderful book - why did they have to go and change everything? The movie looks like Ella's spending the whole movie chasing Lucinda and then trying to save Char from some evil coronation! WTF?! (By the way, you need Quicktime to view the trailer.)

 The Lineup for the Next Few Days: Wednesday - Gone all day for a math competition. I'm missing lots of stuff. It'll all get made up. - Finish the GoPo paper to be turned in one day early on Thursday (see "Friday" for the reason). Thursday (This is the kicker....) - Make up Chemistry test before school. - Take English test in class a day early. - Take APES test. - French quiz make-up in class. - Turn in GoPo paper. - Take math test. - Guitar lesson after school. - Cut hair. - Finally do some YLA bill research. Friday - YLA! (That's three days until YLA for those of you who can't count.)

 Mmm, chocolate. I need it.

 So with all this talk about the GoPo paper, I realized it would probably be appropriate to at least outline what it's on. The assignment for the paper is to choose a Supreme Court case from the past 50 years that we think was decided wrongly and to explain why it was wrong. I chose a case from 1971 called Cohen v. California . The case centers around a young man in California who, in protest of the Vietnam War and the draft, wore a jacket that read, "F--- the Draft, End the War" (except without the dashes). In doing so he violated a California anti-obscenity statute and was arrested. He sued and the case made it all the way to the Supreme Court. The court ruled in a 5-4 decision that the California statute was unconstitutional and that Cohen should not have been arrested. I, therefore, have to argue that the law was constitutional. In my paper I get to cite two other important cases: Schenck v. United States (which all GoPo students should remember is the one with the Espionage Act of 1917) and another case called Chaplinksy v. New Hampshire which also involves public obscenities. In addition, I'm also citing a number of articles from mostly conservative magazines about all the negative social effects this case has had. This is so fun - I love writing from the conservative point of view. I usually take the liberal one, but I wanted to be different this time and try it from the other side. I'm loving it.

 The GoPo paper: It's now about halfway done. All (and probably more than was necessary) research is done. Bibliography is nearly done. Writing is maybe a third done. But it's generally outlined, so the rest of it should be decently easy. I'm such a nerd - I really like writing papers. Dinner was lovely. We had Mrs. Scicinska over, and she brought a bunch of her maps and aerial pictures of England and gave us a general picture of what it's like and where we should go. I'm so excited about a potential trip this summer. And now that I've got my mom all jazzed up as well it's even more likely to happen. Yay! We also got to have Pasta y Fagioli soup and my chocolate brownies with peppermint frosting. Mmm, good stuff. I am full and happy.

 Courtesy of urlLink Googlism ... hannah is two hannah is a baby flower girl hannah is adamant that macs are better suited to this type of creative work hannah is a very enthusiastic hannah is utterly terrified of going outside for any reason hannah is an angel hannah is named student of the year hannah is a joy hannah is very happy being one hannah is the better dancer though hannah is going to type an update hannah is doing good most of the time hannah is well placed to be an interesting and perhaps even unique film hannah is here to stay hannah is not for the faint of heart hannah is aware the device is turning on 30 seconds every 10 minutes at this point and is now able to tell me when it is on hannah is cut from different cloth than the gothic heroines of the past hannah is afraid the ghost will frighten all her party guests away hannah is a very loving and charming girl who knows very well how to twist you round her little finger hannah is young and beautiful and longs to be free of the heartbreak she still feels from a failed relationship hannah is determined to stay

 Mmm, pink peppermint frosting. On double chocolate brownies. Smiles! The GoPo paper? Hasn't so much happened yet. It'll get there - I've got research and notes so all I have to do is write it. Countdown to YLA: 5 days

 Yesterday I... - Cleaned house. - Ate good food. Mmm, artichokes. - Had fun with Kit. - Did all normal homework and researched the GoPo paper. - Watched "Waiting for Guffman." Today I need to... - Bake brownies. - Write the GoPo paper. - Clean a little more. - Prepare for dinner guest. That's all really. A nice weekend so far - hope it continues.

 Well, it had to happen sometime. All that wonderful-day energy had to come out somewhere. And it came out this morning. At Third Place. Rich has sold it. He has sold my gem of a hangout. The Third Place is now under new ownership. When I found out, I nearly cried. Rich is my buddy, my pal. He was so cool. And I'll probably never see him again. Nor will I ever again have the perfect chai that he would so graciously concoct for me. I was very sad about the whole thing. Still am, as a matter of fact. I'll miss him a lot. But other than that, things went quite well today. It was a Flex, so I saw "Gallipoli" and had the sophomore math activity. "Gallipoli" was depressing as hell, and I cried a little. (OK, more than a little.) The afternoon was a lot of fun - we mostly just got to draw on beach balls and make bubbles. I enjoyed myself thoroughly. The incident this morning still put a bit of a cloud over the rest of my day. Thank you, Rich, for everything you have given me. You will be sorely missed.

 It was! Another happy day! Wheeeeee! I haven't a clue why I'm in such a good mood lately. I think it could have something to do with my two (read it - two!) full nights of sleep in a row. Mmm, sleep makes me happy. It's also probably a general concentration of happy things in the past few days. Such as today... - In Chemistry, got my solution dead on. Yeargh! - Did fairly well on GoPo test(s) - Guitar went mad-crazy well - I know my piece! First time in history! - Did I mention sleep already? Plus my built-up karma from having such crappy days the past couple weeks probably helped. It's good. And happy. Also: Shopaholic #4 comes out June 1 (as Emily so kindly reminded me). Smiles! And there are still cookies. Does it get much better?

 It's APES! It's in the computer lab! It's shaping up to be yet another happy day! YAY! I

 And it gets even better! Artichokes for dinner. Mmm, tasty.

 This day just keeps getting better! My daddy brought home oatmeal raisin cookies his nurse Debbie made for us.

 Today is shaping up to be one of the BEST DAYS IN RECENT MEMORY. - I got to take a nap during English because it was just a reading day and I'd already finished the book. It was nice. - Got my letter about being a co-chair of a committee next year for SLA. I'm in! YEARGH! I will be co-chairing the Commerce, Science, and Technology Committee along with the honorable and distinguishable urlLink Will . I am very very very excited. - In APES we were assigned a group project (I think it was something about energy... whatever) in which Ms. Brongo would be assigning us groups. I was very nervous - I have a funny knack for getting stuck in a really bad group in these kinds of things. Fortunately, I ended up in a group with urlLink Kit , urlLink Claire , and Carla, whom I would have been with if we could have chosen our own groups anyway. - Mme. Poirier wasn't feeling very well, so she went to lay down in the teacher's lounge while Dr. Humble, possibly the coolest person on the planet, came and taught the first part of our class. It was awesome. He's so so cool. Then Mme. Ivy came and taught the second part of our class, and she was amazing, too. It was so nice to hear a real French accent for once. She's also really sweet and funny and made the class quite enjoyable. - Chemistry was good. (By definition.) - No one showed up for our French tutoring session, so I got to go play outside for lunch. - We took a practice AP test in GoPo, and (knock on wood) I don't think it was as hard as I anticipated. I know I need to study - there were a few questions that I didn't have a clue on - but other than that I didn't think it was too too bad. - Math test was easy. Yay. - Went to Wellspring and saw my favorite meat-counter guy. He's really fun. - I went to the bakery section to get some bread, and the guy behind the counter saw me and said, "Sourdough loaf? Sliced?" It was so cool - he totally knew me. It made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. - Now I'm home and the only real homework I have is Chemistry. I also have to practice guitar, but that's not too bad. I'm in a really really good mood.

 I've been meaning to post this for a while. I was in the computer lab one day, and since I'd finished all my work, I started browsing the files people had left on the desktop. I found this, and was greatly amused. As he walked through the streets of Manhattan he noticed the many people who had turned to stone. He wondered why this was happening and wondered if there was anything he could do about it. He walked through the streets being aware of all his surroundings be careful with his every step. He heared screaming in the backround and went to find out what was happening. To his surprise when he turned around he saw the back of this huge statue walking around glaring at people once she stared at them for about 30 seconds she went of on her way to spot a new victim. He glanced around looking for a booth of some sort, he found one and darted into it. He picked up the phone and said trouble and he immediately transformed himself to a super hero.

 Today was pretty lovely as days go. - Got my Chemistry test back. Smiles. - Tried on some more YLA outfits. I have all my clothes now and have them all divided up into outfits. Don't laugh at me - this is really fun. All I have left to do is coordinate jewelry and I'll be done. I already have one outfit totally finished, so it's only two more to go. Plus casual outfits, but I have a funny feeling not too much effort will be made on those. Either way, it's fun. - Found some funny old music I hadn't listened to in a long time. Man, I used to have really bad taste. - Did all my homework really quickly, so I basically got to hang out for the rest of the afternoon. - Went with my dad to Third Place to chat and sip a long-needed chai. We had a really lovely conversation. I love my dad. - Watched The Daily Show. I - I plan on going to bed really early tonight. Mmm, sleep. It's good stuff. Anything bad things that happened today (i.e. failing a French test and taking a GoPo test) pale in comparison with how good the rest of my day was. I'm vastly contented right about now. Is it the chocolate and chai or am I really happy? We'll never know. But I couldn't care less.

 Conscious self

 I got into a fight with my mom. Huge fight. It started over nothing, but before we knew it we were furious at each other. There was lots of screaming, sobbing, and even some throwing things. It lasted about two hours. Then we both cried some, apologized, hugged, and now it's over. Sigh. We haven't had this good a row in a long time. We had it coming to us. We're way too similar for our own good.

 An Exploration in How To Avoid Speaking French At All Costs (aka the Valdese Trip) - Friday was a Flex day. I had ethics in the morning and was pleasantly surprised when it really wasn't that bad. - At noon the French III classes piled into cars and started the three-and-a-half hour drive to Valdese, a small town near the mountains, just eight miles outside of Morganton. I was in a car with Claire, Maggie, and Mrs. Lamb. The drive was pretty fun - we mostly just talked and joked around (in English of course) but because we had to stop and get gas we were the last car to arrive at the site. - We arrived, as I mentioned, at the Trail of Faith in Valdese, an exhibit in which a group of volunteers constructed exact replicas of many of the historical sites in the original settling area of the Waldensians in the Alps between France and Italy. We took a guided tour through the site and learned about Waldensian history. We saw some of the original homes they lived in and some interesting replicas of the caves they worshiped in. A Brief History Note : The Waldensians were a group of French evangelical protestants who were heavily persecuted and eventually driven to live in the rocky terrain in between France and Italy. They survived there for several hundred years, but facing more persecution they decided to move a large number of their population to the American continents. Settlements were established in, among other places, Argentina, Chicago, New York, and the town of Valdese in rural North Carolina. Valdese is the longest surviving town that still has people of original Waldensian heritage. - After the Trail of Faith, we returned to the hotel in Morganton where we dumped our things. We returned to Valdese and had dinner at a mediocre Italian place. Our table was lucky enough to have Mme. Poirier sitting with us, so we were the only group that actually had to speak French. Lucky us. It really wasn't that bad. - We went back to the hotel and were allowed to hang around until 10:00. A groups of girls decided to play Cranium, and we had a lot of fun. - I roomed with Elizabeth and her mother. Apparently I talked in my sleep. Sorry, guys. - The next morning we woke up and ate the plastic food the hotel had provided for us. It was free. No complaints. Mme. Poirier also informed us that we would have to speak more French today than yesterday, since our group at dinner was really the only group that did. Fortunately, our table was pretty much off the hook for the rest of the day, so it didn't make that much of a difference. - We drove back to Valdese and visited the Waldensian museum. It was pretty interesting - most of the exhibits had to do with the Waldensian settlement in North Carolina instead of the French and Italian history we had gotten up until then. There was a Bible that had survived through fire and many travels from the early 1500s that Ms. Greenwalt found particularly fascinating. Our tour guide was also very funny and made the whole thing that much better. - After the museum we visited the Waldensian church right down the street. There wasn't too much there and we didn't stay for long. It was a very pretty church, though. - For lunch, we decided to get some sandwiches and drive out to a small waterfall just outside the town. It was very nice - the weather was lovely and the falls were quite pretty. We took lots of pictures, and Claire and I had fun on the swing set. - We then got back in the cars and drove to the original Waldensian winery. This part was by far my favorite part of the whole trip. An older man, probably about 82 or 83, gave us a tour of the operations. It is hard to describe him without doing his voice and motions, but suffice to say he was hilarious . We were all laughing out loud nearly the entire time. It was also fun to see how they made the wine, and to listen to our guide explain each and every way they were able to cut costs. So funny. - Although we weren't allowed to sample the wine (even though our guide put up a good fight with Mme. Poirier), we did get to sample their sparkling grape juice. It was so so good. I bought a bottle and brought it back. We'll have it tonight with dinner. - The men at the winery then taught us to play Bocci (Boules in French) and we played in the court behind the winery. It was a ton of fun, and we started getting pretty good towards the end. - The winery was going to be hosting a wedding reception that afternoon, so we had to leave a little earlier than we'd planned. We got back in the cars and started the drive home. But on the way, we saw a billboard advertising a Russel Stover's outlet, so we stopped and bought some really cheap chocolate. It was very tasty. - Our car was the last to arrive back at school around 6:15. All in all it had been a wonderful trip, but I was still eager to get back to my cats and my bed.

 So. Back from Valdese trip. Was trs fun. Lots of good things happened and not too much French got in the way of us having a good time. Perhaps I shall share details tomorrow, but I am very tired and desperately want to go to bed. Plus tard, mes amis.

 Mad crazy busy. No sleep. Gaack. Also: no update tomorrow because I and the rest of my French class will be in Valdese, a small town in the North Carolina mountains settled by a groups of persecuted French Waldensians. It should be interesting.

 I just heard Eric Clapton's song, "Tears in Heaven," from all the way across the house. I immediately started crying. That song has way too much of an effect on me. I need to stop listening to it. In case anyone doesn't know the song, here are the lyrics. Tears in Heaven Would you know my name If I saw you in heaven? Would it be the same If I saw you in heaven? I must be strong And carry on, 'Cause I know I don't belong Here in heaven. Would you hold my hand If I saw you in heaven? Would you help me stand If I saw you in heaven? I'll find my way Through night and day, 'Cause I know I just can't stay Here in heaven. Time can bring you down, Time can bend your knees. Time can break your heart, Have you begging please, begging please. Beyond the door, There's peace I'm sure, And I know there'll be no more Tears in heaven. Would you know my name If I saw you in heaven? Would it be the same If I saw you in heaven? I must be strong And carry on, 'Cause I know I don't belong Here in heaven. - Eric Clapton

