 I did end up going out tonight. YaY! =) I went bowling with Kelly and Mary Clare. Fun times. Oh my gosh. Kelly is the funniest bowler I have ever bowled with. It's just absolutely hilarious. She bowled ten gutter balls in a row...probably because she was laughing too hard haha, but on one, she swung back and the ball fell and rolled back and....wow, funniest thing I've possibly ever seen. I seriously almost peed my pants. Wow. Too much was happening there for a while. There were so many people IM'ing me at once with problems and...ahhhh. It was insane. I'm really glad people can come to me but...wow. Things...I think...well..I hope will be ok with Pat. I feel really awful, but I think he understands. Ah, I think I need to go sleep now. Tomorrow's my last real free day of break. I can do something tomorrow night and that's...it. Then it's all gone. :( Sadness. OK, I started writing this like...four hours ago. Grrrr. This ALWAYS happens. Oh well. It's all good. I can go to sleep in good conscience now. I talked with Pat and thingss are ok so that makes me happy. :) Ah, my arm hurts though...and I'm so warm. I think I may have a fever actually...not cool. Heh, literally. This definitely started as a post for Friday, not Saturday.

 Today was....eh, ok. I had a driving lesson really early this morning. It was foggy. It was kind of cool actually. YaY fog. Then, I had a doctor's appointment. Ugh. I had to have so much blood taken. 6 little tube things. And halfway through when she'd gotten three, something kind of went wrong I guess, maybe there was a block or my vein just didn't feel like giving anymore blood, but something happened and she had to take out the needle and do it in the other arm. Another three viles. Ugh. My arms actually really hurt right now and they're both bruised pretty badly. Eek. No fun. :( So, tonight I'm supposed to do something with Mary Clare and Kelly but...heaven only knows. I hope I end up doing something though. Only two more free nights of break. AHHH. That's scary. I'm ok with going back to school because I'll get to see people but it also means I'll have to go to classes and such. Blahh. I don't think I'm going to do any homework. I'm just going to go back and hope for the best. Haha. Even if I remembered what my homework was supposed to be, I probably wouldn't do it.

 I feel like crud. Grr. :( Oh well. I'm sure I'll feel better by tomorrow. I finished my book though! YaY!!! :) It was if not the best, one of the best books I've ever read. Utterly fascinating. I'd definitely suggest it to anyone looking for something to read.

 Well, another year has passed. I'm sort of glad it's over. I feel refreshed almost. I actually have a lot of goals as New Year's resolutions this year. I usually don't. I usually don't even make any New Year's resolutions actually but this year's starting out differently. It's going to be different. I'm going to make it that way. I don't think I want to write most of them in here because most of them are really personal but one of my big ones is to stop swearing. :) Again....haha. I did it for a year and a half. I think I can do it again. :) Kelly's was a lot of fun. :) I brought in the New Year with people I really care about and that's all that matters. In all honesty, I'm glad I didn't go to a big party. I just wanted to spend time with people I cared about. This year's going to be different. I don't know how but it is.

 Oh how I love Winter break! :) I went to lunch with Diane today at Einstein's and finally got my peanut butter and jelly bagel!!! It was delicious. Yum yum. I've been pretty much reading on and off since then. This book is SO good. The Da Vinci Code. It's amazing. I really thought I'd be let down, like I was creating too high expectations but, I'm more impressed than I thought I'd be. It's difficult to put down. YaY! Tonight I get to go out to dinner for my brother's birthday, which technically isn't until Thursday. I guess he's having a New Years party in his appartment downtown. Heh. Only New Years party I've heard of yet. Kind of odd...no one's having one... I'd go, but it's going to be a bunch of college guys and....hmmmmm, actually...maybe I'll go pay a visit. Heh. And now...back to reading.

 Vanilla lip gloss = AMAZING. And that's all that needs to be said. :)

 Yeah so, today was fun. Well, the beginning part of my day wasn't really but it wasn't bad. I drove my mom to the dentist and she had the small surgery and then I drove her home and stuff. Then, I went bowling with Brandon, Peter, and Stephen. Fun times. Except I sucked. Except for the last part of the second game. On the tenth frame I missed a turkey by one pin. Strike, Strike, 9. Grrrr. Oh well. It was still pretty cool to almost get a turkey. Then I went out to dinner with Carson. Fun times. We just sat in noodles and went over alll this stuff from junior high. All the files and stuff and we looked at the notebook and whatnot. I'm kind of glad we did it. I was sort of avoiding thinking about Junior High but now I'm kind of looking at it from a completely different angle. And that was my lovely day. Good times, good times. I think I may go watch a movie or something now. Actually, I think I'm going to go read The Da Vinci Code. Although, it does sort of give albinos a bad name. Grrr to that. Hah, but any book that has albinos that I've ever read hasn't exactly shed a glorious light upon them. I still feel really bad for telling him. I know it was the right thing to do, but I just feel awful I made a really good friend feel bad. Even if he's better, I know he's still upset about it at least somewhat and no one has any idea what I'm talking about so why am I even bothering?? Yeah, so...tonight. Heh. Interesting times. We stopped at the gas station to get gas and Carson was like, "get out of the car, you're helping me." So, I get out and then we like...couldn't figure out how to get the cap off. It was different than my car. Weird. So, we finally get it, and then the gas pump was evil and gave us a bunch of trouble. Goodness. I felt like one of those girls on that stupid MTV show, "Rich Girls." Haha, it was at least comically relieving. My hand almost froze off though. Ow. :( And now....I read. Heh. I just noticed how much I like this song but how few words it has. "I love the way you move..." YaY Outkast.

 I think it's like...reminiscing day or something. I'm talking with Pat about old Nickelodeon shows we used to watch like, Salute Your Shorts, Global Guts (I always wanted a piece of that agro crag) Hey Dude (which I loathed) and just stuff like that. Hah. It's funny.

 So, today's been pretty good. I talked to Carson on the phone for like...two hours. It was good to talk to her but mostly we reminisced, and I guess that didn't remind me of good times. It was fun at the time honestly but I was one mean kid in 8th grade. Not mean in the sense that I had no friends and I was just hostile and bitter but mean as in, I'd scheme with other people to get back at people or even get people who didn't even do anything to us in the first place. Not good times. Not at all. I feel really awful. Everyone I knew that was older than me, I thought changed for the worse in high school but I think I've definitely changed for the better. I don't just go along with stuff I don't agree with anymore. I'm a lot stronger. I couldn't care less usually what people think of me. I suppose it depends on the person but with most people...eh. I can't be bothered to care. I think I was also trying to be ghetto in eighth grade or something. I was looking at our, "notebook" that we passed around in our group and wrote notes and stuff in so that everyone could read a note if we had something to say to everyone, and I definitely started a note like, Yo homies, wazzup?" *Shudder*Scary times, scary times. Haha...speaking of "ghetto" that song from Office Space just randomly came on. "It feels good to be a gangsta." Anyway, after that ummm...nice? little interlude into the past, I went out with Chris. Fun times. :) I think I've decided about something too. I told Chris. He doesn't believe me. :P Haha. I guess I'm not surprised. I don't think I'd believe me either. I have to do one more test and then I'll know. Even I'm questioning what I say. So, after I hung out with Chris, I went to dinner with my family and now...I'm home. :) YaY, good times. I'm talking to Mary Clare about the whole Michael Jackson thing. Honestly, I don't know if he's guilty. He seems almost so psychologically messed up that he wouldn't think it's wrong to have a sleepover with eight year old boys. Anyway, I think I'm going to go watch this program on the Inquisition on the History Channel International. Hah. I'm SUCH a dork.

 OK, so there were a few things that made me smile today. I don't want it to seem like my life is despair and whatnot. 1. Being packed in a car with Christopher, Matthew, Stephen, Jim, and Matt was really quite funny. 2. I got new fuzzy pants from the gap. They're so soft, and comfy. I love them. :) I know I'm probably not supposed to love inanimate objects but really, I think it's ok once in a while. 3. I drove a lot of places today including the mall...where I GOT MY FUZZY PANTS WHICH I LOVE! So, really, my day has been good. I just am sort of...I don't know. I don't really know anything.

 Oh, I do not feel well at ALL. My head hurts, my stomach hurts. Ugh. :( This is really dissapointing. I at least got to go to dinner with Emily and Brandon. Brandon was SO nice. He payed for both of us. I love that kid. :) That seriously made my day because not many guys are that polite anymore. YaY Brandon. Way to be polite! :) It was exciting at first though. I actually made plans. I never make plans. Maybe I'll try to make up for it by making plans again tomorrow or something. I feel bad that I had to go home in the middle of my own planned thing. Grrr. Oh well. Such is life. I think I'm going to go sleep now since I really really don't feel well. Hopefully I'll be better by tomorrow.

 I give up. Seriously. I think I just don't even care anymore. I am giving up on it. I know giving up is bad but it's definitely appropriate for this situation.

 Well, things are a bit better. Actually, a lot better. I just stopped for a bit and took time for myself. I actually went and slept for about an hour or so. I mean, I was just absolutely abhorrent. I didn't want to talk to anyone but now I'm a lot more relaxed. Plus, I talked to some good friends for a bit. That was nice. I didn't think I wanted to talk to anyone but once I calmed down and after I slept for a bit, it was ok. I'm really happy tomorrow is Friday though. Haha, I'm supposed to plan something for Brandon, Peter, and myself to do. Haha. This should be interesting. I have no clue what to plan though. Oh well. I'll figure something out. And now, I think I shall go back to sleep. YaY sleep.

 This is really not my week for good moods. Seriously. I'm really trying to be positive and keep my new year's resolution but this is REALLY difficult. I am just in an awful mood right now. I wish I could go take a walk or something but it's too dark and too cold. Oh well. It doesn't matter. I'll just sit around the house and brood.

 Stressed out mood. I'm seriously already stressing about all this college stuff and I don't even need to do appllications for another like...9 months. Ahhhh! I don't even know which schools I want to go to. I have a few in mind but...eh. Anyway, today was ok. Not a lot happened really. I'm glad tomorrow's Thursday because I always have that good feeling on Thursdays..."only one more day." I don't feel much like writing again tonight. I don't know why. I think I'm going to go to bed in a little bit anyway so, maybe I'll feel like a nice rant tomorrow. Who knows? Keep chasin' that rainbow.

 Today was ok. I got a 113 in bowling. That was nice. I'm not feeling much like writing right now. Not about my day at least. I talked to Carson for a while. It kind of made me think and realize things that I had just avoided in the past. I don't know. I'm trying to be upbeat and not let things bother me. I know this will come as a shock but that's something I'm trying to do for New Years. It's not working out so well... Oh well. I guess I am allowed to have my weak/bad moments. I mean, I can't very well stop them all. 'Cause out there somewhere, it's all waiting if you keep believing. Out there somewhere, daylight finds you, if you keep believing.

 Oh no. I have the dreaded...hiccups. This is obviously due to the stress-related fact that I just wasn't given enough time to do this essay. Three weeks is certainly not sufficient. Of course this is not due to my procrastination at ALL. La la la...and yet...I sit here observing all the tiny different colored dots that make up my computer screen. There's a little green one and a blue one and...OH! There's red! You have to have red. AHHHHHHH. I think I need to go hit myself over the head with one of those stupid little kid's plastic wiffle-ball bats several times. That'd distract me even more for another good...hour or so. :) YaY. I've also come to realize something. Hiccups are extremely unattractive. I wonder if anyone has ever gotten them on their wedding day. Surely..someone must have. Hah. That''s going to be me. Leaning in to kiss the love of my life and...HICCUP! Oh...excuse me while I go drive blunt pencils through my eyes. OK, seriously. I'm going to do this. I AM! You just watch...actually...I hope you're not watching. That'd be rather creepy.

 First day back was alright. Nothing great though. Band was ok. It was really weird playing though since I um, definitely didn't practice once over break. Whoops. Ah well. Math was OK. I actually get what she gave us today. YaY for that. That gives me a bit of confidence for the final. There's no way you can really study for math finals anyway not that I would even if I could. I think I'm going to go with my not studying method again. That's worked for the past 4 sets of finals. :) Maybe I'll study for bowling but that's it. Speaking of bowling, that was fun today. I wasn't doing fantastically but, eh, I just sort of still need to get back in the swing of things. French was...eh...d'accord. Like the use of the French word while explaining French? Hah. OK, fine. I'm the only one who ever finds my jokes funny. :) That's ok. At least they make me laugh. Lunch was nice. Just chatted with Carson and did my Satire...err...no, Comedy, we're in comedy now. Well, I did my comedy homework. Good times. Drivers ed./study hall was nice as usual. Heh. I just went and did my homework in the band room. I actually thought about practicing but then I remember how self conscious I am about that and how Dan and Peter are in my lunch hour and that idea got lost. So, I sat and did math homework and read a bit of this book Peter had. The beginning at least was really interesting. It's this compilation of songs this guy likes and he explains each one and why he likes it and whatnot. It's pretty funny actually. I think I may ask Peter if I can borrow it when he's done. I got about 20-25 pages into it. Maybe I'll just go get it from the library. We'll see. Hmmm, history was boring. I definitely have a paper for that class due tomorrow that I had about three weeks to do. Whoops. I knew I wouldn't do it though so I didn't even bother trying over break. It shouldn't be too difficult anyway. I may actually study for my history final I've decided. Haha, or not. I figure I have to have at least one final for each year that I SAY I'll study for. That way, I think my mother's comforted when I feel at least a tiny ounce of guilt while I'm sitting watching TV with my unopened book by my side. I was so happy when I got to Satire and Comedy. Today kind of went by slowly. Satire didn't go by too slowly though so it wasn't bad. Haha, we looked up what people do for Kwanza (errr, pardon the spelling if it's incorrect) on the internet. Haha. "Everything you wanted to know about Kwanza and more." It was actually semi-interesting. I'd never really known what Kwanza is. Goodness...I hope I'm spelling the word correctly. Otherwise, I'm probably looking like a pretty dim bulb right now. Other than that we just talked about the different aspects of comedy and such. Fun stuff. So, today wasn't really bad. It was nice seeing people that I haven't seen too. Bryan and I are cool now. Like...actually cool. Not, "well, we're ok with each other but we don't really talk." We're actually getting to be friends again. I'm glad. I missed having him to talk to. He's a really good friend. Things this year aren't exactly starting as I would have expected but...it's not bad. I'm really trying to have a positive outlook on things. Some things are going really well though. Well, I suppose I could at least go start my essay...um, or not? Or just write random stuff in WORD for about an hour or so like I usually do. Then, around midnight I'll finally just want to go to sleep so I'll finish it in about an hour. Haha. That's the one reason I'm glad I didn't take APUSH. There's so much homework in that class that I just wouldn't have done. I'm more in to European history in the first place...so, yeah. I think I'll take AP Euro next year though. Fun times. I'll probably be back to write more as I keep avoiding this paper. :)

 My last day of break definitely was a pretty good resemblence to the rest of my break. I slept in really late. YaY! :) And then...I did nothing. Now I have to do laundry and stuff though. That's no fun. I think I'm just going to do a little bit of it tonight though. Just stuff I really need to get done. It's weird. It almost feels like I'm going to the first day of school tomorrow. Crazy. My record was broken because my internet connection was stupid but I definitely did manage to stay online for over 11 days straight. Crazyness. That's actually a pretty good internet connection if it's able to stay connected for over 11 days. And now...on to laundry. Um, yay?

 Well, 12 hours until I wake up to go to school. Bummer.

 Note to Catie: You're a moron. Listen to yourself when you say go to bed at a reasonable hour. Another note to Catie: Hit yourself over the head tomorrow morning. Note to Catie's head: Watch out. Catie's going to hit you tomorrow morning. Final note to self: Stop writing notes to yourself you ignoramus. You're going to scare people away.

 I'm in a fantastic mood right now for some reason. I mean...it could be due to the fact that I talked to Matthew on the phone for two hours, then Christopher for another...I don't know..hour or so but...I like it. YaY good moods. :)

 Well. Today wasn't that fun. Concessions wasn't bad though. Pretty fun. I wish I could have gone out to dinner with my friends though. I sort of completely forgot about concessions until today. I was in the middle of calling Peter to see if he wanted to do something and then my mom suddenly calls up the stairs, "you know we have to do concessions, right?" Yeah, so...oh well. Tomorrow I think I'll try to do somehing with people. I should study too. I know I wont but I probably should. Anyway, I'm exhausted and definitely ready to sleep. Keep chasin' that rainbow.

 OK, I wrote this for Pat's blog thing since he never writes (hint hint Pat. WRITE.) and it's so brilliant I just had to put it in my blog thing. I think I need to write in the third person sometime. Just write about my whole day. It'd be fun. Extraordinarily obnoxious but fun! So, this is what I wrote for Pat; "Hi. My name is Pat. I'm sure you already know that if you're here though. I think Catie's the coolest kid ever because she doesn't like orange juice with pulp in it and is tempted to go to 7-eleven to get some new orange juice, because she is thirsty and doesn't want water. Anyway, back to me since I'm Pat and I'm awesome. I like to run and I went to Texas over Christmas, and I like to write random things. I also know this sounds like I'm a first grader. It's meant to so stop laughing at Cati...I mean MY ability to write." I think I need sleep....

 Oh my. I haven't written in a bit. Well, it's been a long time for me at least...I missed you blogspot. This is in large part due to the fact that my computer hates my existence and would enjoy terminating it as soon as I fall asleep. I seriously fear going to sleep at night. My computer's just going to attack me one night. I'll be having a dream about guy # 3 (Hah, Carson's the only one who would get this and she doesn't even know the address to this thing. Nonetheless; henceforth, I think I shall refer to him as, "guy # 3." Actually, no...I take that back. I hate finding the number sign on the top row of keys so I'll just refer to him as "Numero Three." So, yeah...anyywwayyyy....moving on...this was the longest set of parentheses I've ever had. Did you even notice I'm still writing in parentheses? Read up a few lines if you need to figure out what I started before the parentheses and then go straight to the end of the parentheses. Hah. That was most enjoyable) and my computer will just attack me and then it'll be goodbye Numero Three and I'll cry. Ah, Numero Three....ahhh. :) Yes, anyway. It was AMAZING!!! I got a 125 in bowling today. I started out with two gutter balls too. I was like, oh no! Another awful game...but it wasn't! YaY! Hm, Wind Ensemble's good too. We played the beef song. I love that song. It's amazing. It's challenging though. I admit it. A band song is challenging. Math was cool. I just worked on finishing my packet the whole period. I didn't turn in some crap though so I only have a 90.15%. Heh. Whoops. I'll have to do well on my final then. Gym...I already talked about so that's cool. French was good. I'm totally going to ace that test. (I hope.) It'll be fun times. Those are my two finals for Tuesday. Gym and French. YaY! :) Lunch was good. Carson and I talked about the plan. That was good. I need a plan too for Numero Three. Definitely need a plan. Hah. Drivers Ed./Study hall, I went to the band room like usual and they had a sub and she was SO mean. Like...seriously just the biggest B-I-T -T-E-R W-O-M-A-N I've ever met. Haha. You were expecting me to spell something different, weren't you? I've been sticking to my non-swearing thing although it's been incredibly difficult. Anyway, she wasn't nice at all so a bunch of us just hid in the music library. That was cool. :) Brandon and Alex climbed in the ceiling. Hah. Those two are crazy. History was boring boring borrrinnggg. I made up the test that I had to make up from a looong time ago. Like...a month ago at least. Heh. Then Satire and Comedy, ohh...it made me sad. I love ms. Gatto. She's the coolest. Our ms. Gatto fan club got her flowers this morning! Haha. She was so happy. She jumped up and down and stuff. YaY! I'm really going to miss that class though. I really enjoyed it. And tonight, I think I'm going to stay at home and watch the Disney Channel movie that I wanted to watch. Heh...heh...I'm not a loser...no... Tomorrow I'll find something to do. I need to do stuff with Kelly, Kathryn, and Mary Clare and with Peter and Chris is gone. :( That makes me sad. So is Brandon. Two of my good friends are out of town. This is disturbing. Oh well. And it was amazing. I had grilled cheese for dinner. It was SOOOO delicious. Yum yum yum. YaY for grilled cheese. And now off to watch my Disney movie and look at my books sitting next to me and think, "I should really study but I'm too lazy." Oh, oh, oh! (Herbal Essences anyone?) I remembered something else too! Alex copied me the Till Bronner CD! YAY!!! I was so excited. :) So, now I have Till and my Disney movie and my book tha wont be opened. I've got my Friday night made.

 It's amazing. Sometimes my own advice just throws itself back at me unexpectedly. I tell someone something and realize that I should do that very same thing. It's so easy to tell other people to do things but when you realize that you, yourself should be doing them...it's a completely different story. Anyway, I thought it was kind of funny today. We had an, "all secure, take cover" drill. Now, they're sitting there telling us if something's wrong then we should all hide so that no one can see us through the windows from the doors of the classroom. I find this funny because the most potent threat is probably somebody actually in our school and they're probably going to realize, "oh, they're trying to make it look like there is no one in the classroom." Ah, intelligent minds. I'm excited for the weekend to come. Once it does, I basically have a week off because finals are no big deal for me and I never actually study. YaY! OK, sleep time or something now. Good night cow jumping over the moon... ~~~~It's all waiting if you keep believing.~~~~

 Hmmmmm...it's amazing how I can go from being in such a hyper/optimistic happy mood to such a...pensive mood. That doesn't usually happen and my thoughtful moods don't usually happen until late in the night. It's not even 11:00. I think I will go to sleep soon though because I have a bit of a headache. Blah. I'm still happy though actually. I'm in a thoughtful but happy mood. I guess that's nice. :) ~~~~It's all waiting if you keep believing.~~~~

 YaY! Good day, very good day. :) I don't even know why actually...I'm just in a good mood. YaY good moods. More like a silly mood. Today was good. There were so few people there because a lot of them were at the marching thing. I think I'm glad I didn't go and I got my tests all done and whatnot. Wind Ensemble was fun. I just sat in a practice room and played cards with Katharine and with Amanda for a little until she had to do her homework and then with Alex. Good times. Brandon scared the heck out of Katharine and Amanda. Hah. That was pretty funny. Then math...finished my test. That was probably the hardest math test other than a final that I've ever taken. Actually, I take that back. It wasn't that difficult, just, time consuming. But, yay! Byebye math test! Then bowling was fun. I got a 106. Go me. Wheee. YaY French. I totally rocked my quiz yesterday and today I think I did well on the second part. Lunch was fun. Haha. Amanda, Elizabeth and I all sat around talking about guys...again. We do that SO much. It's amazing. We're such losers. Then, I sat with Carson for a bit. Fun stuff. During Study Hall/Drivers Ed. I sat with Brandon and Alex and Elizabeth and played Yahtzee. I'd never played it before. Fun times. Fun times indeed. I debated on whether or not to go to History since I was excused the whole day but, I ended up going. I just felt too guilty. Ugh. I'm a wimp. A WIMP I TELL YOU. And Satire and Comedy, my test went well and I was definitely right on the sheet we had to do. It was amazing. I understood it!!!! I am definitely on a sugar high or something right now. I had a brownie earlier. I'm thinkin' it was a special brownie... :) OK....I'm going to go not sleep now. I'll probably just go talk to people for another hour like ALWAYS. Late arrival tomorrow though!!!!!! :) ~~~~~It's all waiting if you keep believing~~~~

 Well, looking back at the past week or so, my entries have been short and..not very optimistic. I'm really thinking, actually more hoping, that that changes this week. At least the week started off well. Today was pretty ordinary but fun anyway. I don't think I'm going to go to the marching thing tomorrow. I already have to miss a bit of school this week and it's really not smart for me to miss more than I have to since finals are next week and stuff. Amanda and I decided that this weekend, we're going to get a bunch of guys together and go see, "Big Fish." It'll be lots of fun and..there will be lots of guys there so...again, it will be lots of fun. Lets see if it actually happens though... I should probably go get started on my homework. Hmmm, I have a feeling my barrage of negative comments was a bit more entertaining than today's entry. Oh well. I prefer being in a good mood and I guess that's all that's important.

 Today was ok. I took lots of Ibuprofen so my fever would go down. I did a lot of reading and then went to the mall for a bit to do some errands. It actually ended up being pretty fun. I ended up getting two sweaters and another shirt. The shirt only cost me $7 and it was from Gap! Gap doesn't usually have prices like that so...I was excited! :) Tomorrow, I think I'm just going to sit around all day. It was really sad. A good friend of my family died today. And Peter had a death in his family too. It's really really depressing and it just all reminds me of my grandma last year. That was so tough. I don't think I want to start thinking about this again. I started thinking about it so much when I first started talking to Peter and...ugh, I'm NOT going to think about this. So, anyway, depending on when the funeral is for this friend of my family, I may not get to go to the marching thing on Tuesday anyway. I was unsure in the first place if I was going to go since I didn't want to miss schooll but yeah... Anyway, I think I'm going to go sleep. Good night.

 Fun fun fun day! :) I went over to Kel's and did decorations for Mr. NCHS. MC and Kath came too. And also, this girl named Katie Jensen came. She was soo nice. I'm glad I got to meet her :) We get to decorate with her again next week so it should be fun. Kel's mom ordered us pizza too, which was really excellent of her. So, good times, good people, "Two thumbs up. Fine holiday fun." If anyone can tell me where that quote is from..I'll, I don't know, I'll do whatever you want. I've had this song stuck in my head since last night. Someone had it in their profile and I listened to it and it got stuck in my head. It's a great song though so...it's ok that it's stuck in my head. There's a place off Ocean Avenue Where I used to sit and talk with you We were both 16 and it felt so right Sleeping all day, staying up all night Staying up all night There's a place on the corner of Cherry Street We would walk on the beach in our bare feet We were both 18 and it felt so right Sleeping all day, staying up all night Staying up all night If I could find you now things would get better We could leave this town and run forever Let your waves crash down on me and take me away There's a piece of you that's here with me It's everywhere I go, it's everything I see When I sleep, I dream and it gets me by I can make believe that you're here tonight That you're here tonight If I could find you now things would get better We could leave this town and run forever I know somewhere, somehow we'll be together Let your waves crash down on me and take me away I remember the look in your eyes When I told you that this was goodbye You were begging me not tonight Not here, not now We're looking up at the same night sky And keep pretending the sun will not rise Be together for one more night Somewhere, somehow If I could find you now things would get better We could leave this town and run forever I know somewhere, somehow we'll be together Let your waves crash down on me and take me away

 Broken this fragile thing now And I can't, I can't pick up the pieces And I've thrown my words all around But I can't, I can't give you a reason I feel so broken up And I give up I just want to tell you so you know Here I go, scream my lungs out and try to get to you You are my only one I let go, there's just no one that gets me like you do You are my only, my only one Made my mistakes, let you down And I can't, I can't hold on for too long Ran my whole life in the ground And I can't, I can't get up when you're gone And something's breaking up I feel like giving up I won't walk out until you know Here I go, scream my lungs out and try to get to you You are my only one I let go, there's just no one who gets me like you do You are my only my only one Here I go so dishonestly Leave a note for you my only one And I know you can see right through me So let me go and you will find someone Here I go, scream my lungs out and try to get to you You are my only one I let go, there's just no one, no one like you You are my only, my only one My only one My only one My only one You are my only, my only one

 Today was awesome. Really great. :) I slept in. Hallelujah! It was so nice not having to do anything. Then, I went to see, "Win a Date With Tad Hamilton." Cute movie...very cute. Right MC? Well, ok...no one else would get the accent but MC so...I'm really just directing this toward her. Anyway, after that I went to Kath's for a while. Good fun times. We talked a lot. Being online is lessening my good mood though so...I think I may go. There's only one person I'm talking to who's making me feel good right now but I always feel good when I talk with him. :)

 Its so nice not having school. Just...sleep in, eat, watch some TV, go out with friends. All that good stuff. Last night was pretty fun. Monogue and I was good. I was surprised actually. I saw Diane there too! :) That was cool. She was there to see Andy play. There weren't a lot of people dancing though so...that wasn't cool but oh well. Tonight I think I'm going to see a movie with some friends. Good times. I haven't been to see a movie in a long time. I think I'm going to go do more of nothing now.

 Finally!!! It's over. Finals week is over. I didn't think I'd be this stressed out but the problem was, I was stressed out about one final and of course...it just HAD to be the last final. I feel pretty good about my satire and comedy final though. I really do. I was ready. I had like...a four page outline. I actually prepared. It felt kind of nice being prepared.... I should try that again sometime. The reality of it is that it probably wont happen for another ten years but maybe...just maybe it'll happen sooner. I haven't written a real entry in so long for me. I've missed not writing in here. A lot's going on right now too. Most of it I can't really talk about in here but...still. It's nice to have blogger back to vent some frustrations. I think I'm giving up on numero 3. I don't think I care enough anymore as odd as it sounds. I don't know. Maybe this is all just because I'm having a particularily bad week but still, I'm feeling like I'm not going to bother with it anymore. I don't even feel right liking him. It's just making me feel weird now. Anyway, today I went out to lunch with Kelly, Kath, and MC. Good times. So much fun at Noodles. And tonight, I think I'm going to go to that dance thing at school with them. I have to be there to make sure Kathryn does what she's supposed to do. I guess now I'll go...I don't know. There's no homework to do and...WOW! This is amazing. There's nothing to do and I love that. I think I'll go watch TV. That's fun and I haven't done that in a long time. In spite of my crappy week which will probably exceed crappy tomorrow...I'm content at this instant and it's a nice feeling.

 Well, I got history over with. I love history but I was sort of dreading that final. I'm not looking forward to Sat/Com though. That's definitely not going to be a fun one. Oh well. It'll be ok. Really. It'll be...great.

 Thank God for best friends and just...people who really care about you. Care enough about you to know when you're upset, not to mess with you or tease you or be mean to you but just to be there and care about you. I talked to Chris on the phone for a while and I feel a lot less stressed out now. He's really being there for me. He doesn't even know why I'm upset and he's being there for me because he knows I need him. I just think that's so cool and I love him to death for it. YaY Chris! :)

 Heh. Funny. I just wrote this whole like....nine paragraph long thing to vent then realized again that this thing is public and I probably shouldn't put 8 and 1/2 of those 9 paragraphs in here. My day was one of those days. I'm really thankful to Carson though. She cheered me up so much. Her and Kevin Lewis. Aw. I love them. :) They made me feel so much better after such a crappy morning. There's so much going on right now and half of it I can't talk about with anyone. I wish I could call Chris right now. I really need him.

 YES!!!! Go being done with my history paper and chart that I forgot about until about two hours ago. :) And now...bed time!

 Well. I actually did something for finals. I read the story, "the Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner," for my Satire and Comedy final. Now, I just have to make an outline and find quotes and stuff. Blahhh. I think I might actually go do some studying for history though. Oh yeah. YaY history. Other than that I haven't done a lot today. I ran some errands and yeah...that's pretty much it. There's only one thing I want to work on with driving before my actual test. Parking. Ugh. I suck at parking. Honestly. I'm just horrible at it. Oh well. We shall see. I think I'll go look over my stuff for history now.

 Wheee. Tonight was fun. Yes indeedy. Fun good times. I went over to Brandon's and hung out with him and Peter. YaY. They make me smile. :) So did Finding Nemo. I love that movie. Good times. Tomorrow I've got a whole lot of stuff to do and I have to wake up early. :( Bumm-mer. Aw, there's this really really nice kid I know and he says nice things to me a lot and he's like...my favorite. You should know who you are. :) Thanks! You make my day a lot better.

 Ahhhhh.

 YaY! I have some time to write finally. No jazz today. That's awesome. :) i mean, I love jazz but...it's nice to have a day off once in a while. So, anyway, since I haven't written in a while....maybe I'll catch up. I already wrote about Winter, which I guess is the best/most important thing that's happened in the last few days. I don't think I even wrote in here I was planning on asking anyone. Haha. Actually...I hadn't until Saturday sooo....I guess that makes sense that I didn't write in here. I think I might be getting sick unfortunately. :( My throat's starting to get pretty soar and every time I yawn or something like that, my ear hurts so I'm thinking I might have an ear infection. Ick. Nooo fun. I think I'm going to really like my classes this semester. Maybe not weighted essay writing but eh...you can't have everything, right? Wind Ensemble's pretty much the same. I got kicked out the other day. :) That was actually rather funny. We were playing Gavorkna fanfare and I can double tongue sometimes and sometimes I can't and he told me to play alone in front of everyone and I was like..."ummm, no. I can't," and he's like, "go practice it then." And I just got up and I left. I think he expected me to stay and actually play it but I was like..."no, not in front of everyone." And then, today we didn't have band since they're all at IMEA :) Whoo. So, I sat around during band trying to do the homework I didn't do last night. That didn't work at ALL. Second hour, I now have History. That's a big switch for me since I used to have it seventh. I have Mr. Rosanova too, which is cool. He seems like he's going to be a good teacher. I mean, we've gotten homework every night, but it wasn't difficult. So, that should be fun. Plus, Jamie sits in front of me and he's so hot. I mean....he's a complete jerk but he's still hot. Third hour, I have gym again. good times. I'm taking basketball....bleh. The last time I really played basketball, I got a concussion and ended up in the emergency room but, it's not bad because at least I'm in gym with Matthew and Chris and stuff. I don't really talk to Chris much during gym though. I think he wants to hang out with his senior friends haha. Oh well. We played knockout all day today. It was fun. I even won! YaY! Then I have French again. Whoo. Good times, good times. Not much is different in there from last semester. Ari sits in front of me now though so we get to talk and stuff. And I'm sitting next to Katy, my only junior friend in the class. :) I also found out I got like...a 94 on the final for last semester without studying. YaY. Fifth hour is psychology. I'm really really excited to be taking that class. Like...tremendously excited. It's funny though because Dave Kaiser's in my class....heh heh. That should be interesting. He's also in my gym class. So, three periods out of my day, I'm with Dave. Is that not incredibly scary? Anyway, we took the final for the class today. She wanted to see how much we knew before we get into stuff. We did these interview things for the past two days where we interviewed another person, then introduced them to the class. This one kid...oh dear. He sits across from me on the other side of the room and the person that interviewed him was telling us about how the kid had been arrested 9 times. 9 TIMES! He's only at most 18. He''s been charged with 7 counts of battery and 2 of assault. Oh, he's a boxer too so....that's always helpful when you're being charged with battery and assault. I was just like, "Note to self: Don't make big angry boxing kid mad." Then Sixth hour is lunch. I have it with a lot of cool people so that should be fun. Then weighted essay writing....ughhhh. Drive a fork into my eye. Please. I just know I'm going to hate that class with a deep burning passion that eats away at the soul. Ohh well. At least Bryan's in it with me so I can wine to him. Plus, Todd's in that class too and then he's in my math class last hour so we complain together when we get to math. Haha. Good times. Then, obviously as previously mentioned, I have math with Mr. Danbom. I think that'll be fun. He seems like a cool/nice guy. And that's my schedule. Whoo. I hope this semester goes well. I can't believe this is the second half of junior year already. That seems insane. I'll be a senior next year....creepy. I guess I might go work on homework now. OK, probably not. I'll probably go read but it's ok. Reading is....sort of educational.... Question for the day: What does, "Word to your mother" mean?

 So, I asked Peter to Winter and it worked out. It took like...a fricking week to plan this whole thing and then it didn't even end up working out. OK...so, it was more like two or three days but still, it seemed like a week. I just ended up leaving him a note in his locker with a drawing of what I was going to do. Haha. Fun times, fun times. So really, that's what's been going on these past few days. Plans for coming up with an inventive way to ask him and then....the plans just.....ending up not working. My new classes are great too. I really think I'm going to like psych but I'm so tired right now so...more tomorrow maybe.

 I totally have a plan for tomorrow now. :) I'm excited. It'll be fun. I'll talk about it more tomorrow in here since I don't actually know who reads this. I'm having to do a ton of errands and stuff today. A lot more than I expected. Plus, Patrick and I actually planned to talk on the phone. :) That'll be so fun if we get to. Although, I bet I'll make a complete fool of myself. Anyway, more errands to do. Gotta go pick up some supplies for tomorrow. :)

 Gosh, I haven't written in here since Thursday. Seriously, my stupid computer is so dumb. It's all my computer's fault. If this were more easily accesible, I'd be writing every free chance I got but nooo. Stupid stupi internet explorer. I no longer like you internet explorer. I shun you. Like how I talk to inanimate beings...? Wheee. Anywayyyy, this weekend was pretty good. I was sick for most of it but Friday was nice. I went out to dinner and to a movie with Kathryn. Good times. MC couldn't go though :( Bummer. Today was pretty good for a Monday. I thought I would have a quiz that I definitely didn't have. :) YaY! And, honestly, that's all that's going on right now. I usually write more when I have something to complain about but right now, things seem really really good. I'm not sure why...

 :) :) :) :-D I got my license!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) Yeahhhhhh! I'm so happy. Finally. Ah, this makes my..like...year! :) Plus, there was no jazz today. That was pretty nice I must admit. :) The rest of the day was pretty average. I think I actually may have done poorly on my French test...odd as it is. I don't know. I wasn't paying much attention. I'll write more later....right now I feel like dancing.... :-D

 I just realized how many people are in really great relationships that make them happy and...that honestly makes me happy for them but I know this realization will get to me later. Hmmmm....It's just odd that's it's not bothering me right now...

 Whoa. Writing two days in a row. That's like...amazing considering my current writting frequency. So, today was a pretty average day though. nothing too special. I just finished watching American Idol. I think I'm like...addicted or something. It is a great show though. anyway, this guy sang this song that totally took me back to my seventh grade days. I think I'll put it in here for...reminiscing purposes. Haha. It's such a bad song but I used to LOVE it. Plus it was the first, song I had a with a "boyfriend." A seventh grade boyfriend but a boyfriend nonetheless. I felt so cool... It's undeniable That we should be together It's unbelievable How I used to say that I'd fall never The basis is need to know If you don't know just how I feel Then let me show you now that I'm for real If all things in time, time will reveal Yeah.... One, you're like a dream come true Two, just wanna be with you Three, 'cause it's plain to see that you're the only one for me And four, repeat steps one through three Five, make you fall in love with me If ever I believe my work is done, then I'll start back at one Yeah... It's so incredible the way things work themselves out And all emotional once you know what it's all about And undesirable for us to be apart Never would've made it very far 'Cause you know you've got the keys to my heart 'Cause one, you're like a dream come true Two, just wanna be with you Three, "cause it's plain to see that you're the only one for me And four, repeat steps one through three Five, make you fall in love with me If ever I believe my work is done, then I'll start back at one Say farewell to the dark night I see the coming of the sun I feel like a little child Who's life has just begun You came and breathed new life Into this lonely heart of mine You threw out the lifeline just in the nick of time.... Haha, so....while I was dl'ing this song to remember the old days, I was thinking of other classic seventh grade dance songs. Yeah Barbie Girl!!! Come on barbie, lets go party! :) OK, I'm done, I swear. Wow. This song has some unbelievably dirty lyrics... Haha. OK, now I'm really done. I promise. I should probably go do homework or something constructive. Yeah.... .

 I love being able to write in here!!!! :)

 Wow. It's been so so long. I miss writing in here so much but my computer is conspiring against me. I'm sure of it now. My brother's coming to fix it hopefully...this weekend. :) It's Maureen's last weekend too. :( That's not cool. I love her. She's amazingly cool and nice and she's an AMAZING chef. And it's not even like she's going back to California or something. She's going all the way back to Australia. Not cool. Not cool at all. honestly, not a lot of interest has been going on recently. Winter was awesome though. It was a ton of fun. I was worried it'd be awkward but it wasn't at all. Fun fun times. I'm really just sort of avoiding this essay I have to write right now. Eeeek....whoops. Stupid W.E.W. That class sucks. It SUCKKKSSSSS. Haha. Sorry OK, I'm done now actually. Oh yeah...I got my car washed today. That was fun. Good times at the car wash. Workin' at the car wash, workin' at the car wash, yeah... :) Oh...big breakthrough this weekend though. I now have the n!!! I can watch Daria and Degrassi and..AHHHH!!!! What a great weekend honestly. One of the best I've had in a while.

 So, today was a lot better than expected actually. I mean, I was sort of happy to get out of school but, I don't know, I wasn't expecting it to be fun at all. I hung out with Katharine a lot. That was cool since i don't get to hang out with her much. A lot of hanging out with Bryan and Scott too so that was really cool. Bryan and I have started to talk more this semester since we're in W.E.W. together. It's cool...not even at all awkward anymore. Good times, good times. So, the clinician was either really really nice or we actually did alright. I'm hoping it's the latter of the two but...doubtful. I almost wish we wouldn't have played Hoe Down, although it is a kick butt song. Oh well. We did go to McDonald's for lunch. Shock shock but it was right near Pizza Hut so we decided to go there instead. Yum. I drove myself to school today too. That wasn't bad...except for that cop following me....and then I was kind of freaking out and..yeah. Oh well. It's cool. I can't decide on whether or not to go to mass tomorrow morning or if I just want to wait until tomorrow night. I'm thinking tomorrow night. I'm in a writing mood but there's nothing to write about. You'd think I'd be sensible and use my writing mood for my Cause/Effect paper but...nah. I'm just not that intelligent. Ah well, such is life. I'm so excited. I was watching American Idol and the guy was talking about a special that will be on Monday night and William Hung is going to be on it!!! That's AWESOME. That guy is amazing. Haha. It's kind of ironic how he'll probably be mroe famous than the person who actually wins. I mean, "She Bangs" is a pretty catchy tune. Ah, good old Ricky. I think I'll be done for now and go finish sorting my laundry. Yes...and maybe study for my psych test. doubtful but...eh, you never know.

 Well, this past weekend was really good. I didn't spend any of it with my friends. Errr....those two points are completely non sequitur...yes....completely... Yeah, anyway...I spent most of it with my brother and his girlfriend. She's leaving next week. :( I'm going to miss her. She's so cool. We're going downtown to hang out with them this weekend though. Plus...we're going to the Rembrandt exhibit!!! YES! It'll be amazing X like....twenty... Today was one of my two full days of school this week. tomorrow's the Wind Ensemble NIU thing. Good times. I just don't want to be wearing my concert black all day. Anyway, Thursday's a half day and Friday we have no school. Good, good times! I really have nothing else to say. I'm too tired to really type anything. I think I might be getting over...errr...."it" too. I don't know. I've thought that a lot though and then something happens and....there it is again. Oh well. We shall see, we shall see.

 It's kind of sad how rarely I write now. It makes me sad at least. my computer is almost completely messed up. My brother's here though and he's at least going to take a look at it. Phew. he didn't bring the discs he needs though. No good. Oh well. Yesterday was alright. I had to do concessions though. that was actually pretty tiring. It was cool though because Ari was working with me and she's awesome so...good times. Then, i hung out with Bryan afterward. We just drove around for like two hours and talked. It was fun. I mean, I was really tired but I'm glad I went out. I complained to him a lot about liking number 3...again. Or...never stopping actually. Heh. I'm an idiot. I really am. He told me to just start spending less time with the person but that's...really difficult when all I want to do is spend time with that person. I don't spend much time with him to begin with anyway so, eh. Anyway, this afternoon should be pretty fun. I'm going to the mall. i always love going to the mall. It's good fun times. I want to go to Hollister. I didn't know they had one in the mall until the last time I went and I didn't have enough time to look at anything before I had to go. So, YaY! that'll be fun.. Then, tonight, I'm either going to see LOTR, Return of the King since I didn't get to see the last 20 minutes of it the last time i went or going out dancing. i'm not positive we're going dancing though so...who knows? I may just do something else with them. I didn't get to hang out with them last night though so, i'm thinking i should probably go do something with them. Fun times. I do really want to go dancing. We'd go to this club that Diane told us about. I guess it's really really fun. And in other news...heh, heh, what a nerdy thing to say....I got a call from Jewel last night and I guess I'm having an interview next friday. Whoo? I think I still might apply to either Hollywood or Blockbuster too, because I'm not positive I want to work at Jewel. Wow, the shift key on this keyboard is truly awful. It's really annoying. i'm using my mom's computer since mine obviously is demonic and wants to kill me. Anyway, gotta go take a shower. I'll write more later. Ta ta...

 I beat my computer!!! :) Actually, my brother's the one who beat it. But, who cares? IT'S FIXED! :) Anyway, I'm absolutely exhausted so, I think I'm going to go to sleep in a few minutes and sleep in SO late tomorrow. I really do need to get working on my psych project too though. Hmmm. Eh, I'll get to it. I did alright at solo and ensemble. I got a 1 but...so did a ton of other people so, no big deal there. I had heard she was mean but she was really nice to me. Good times. not really actually. My Saturday could have been a lot more fun but it's ok. I helped out a lot. It was fine. I'm getting annoyed with the boy. I'm not even sure why but he's annoying me. That's for sure. Oh well. I think it'd actually just be better if I stopped liking him. Much easier on me. That's for sure. I'm listening to French rap right now...it makes me happy. :) At least I got to hang out with Bryan and Chris tonight. That was a lot of fun. Good times. OK, apparently every shift key on every keyboard hates me. Grrrr. Boooo keyboard. Anyway, I'm so tired I'm about to fall over so...sleep time...Ta ta...

 Wow, I am just...so exhausted. I'm running on like, five hours of sleep and I just got home. I mean, I guess I could have been a smart kid and stayed home tonight and gone to bed at like..7:00 but nah...I ended up at john's house. It was actually really fun. it was Kel, Kath and me of course. Then, John already had some people over. Brett, Jamal, Faisil, Matt Allan, and Sam. So, that was a lot of fun. I don't get to hang out with them much. I played pool and actually won. I mean, my second to last shot, I did take while sitting on the pool table (a classic Faisil move) but still, it was awesome. We tried to watch Boondock Saints but with so many of us there it was too difficult. Oh, it was hilarious. John and Jamal made these mugs out of wood and...I don't even know...just mugs made out of wood is funny. Haha, I am so tired right now I can't even like...think straight. Wooo. good night to all and to all...a good night...

 So, this weekend has already been really good and it's not even saturday yet. Wooo. last night was fun at the lock-in. Yeahh....kind of awkward at times and whatnot but...umm, yeah... I tried to make the best of it in spite of certain circumstances that i don't really want to talk about. Anyway, I bowled SO much and I got my all time high score! A 144! That's seriously like...so amazing for me. I even beat Justin and Justin's like...really good! YaY! fun times. i also played Alex at air hockey. I lost...but not by much!!! It was fun. I'm glad I went. So, then I came home and got four hours of sleep and had to get up for my trumpet lesson. That was alright. I'm really not prepared for tomorrow. It's going to be really bad but that's ok. I don't really care. it's not like an audition or anything. bless Alex's cousin's heart though! She's accompanying me like...last minute and she was good at playing the song too! That's amazing because a lot of people that I talked to were like..."umm, it'd take too long to learn it." So, apparently, it's a really difficult piano part but Rachel knew how to play it! I was so happy. She's so good too and really really nice. Anyway, after my lesson I went and slept for another hour. Then, I went for my interview at Jewel. Woo. I have a job. they say you're supposed to be really excited for your first job and yet...I feel like I'm entering the fifth circle of Hell... Oh well, I need to go. Going over to Kathryn's house. Aweeeesommmeee! it should be fun. I love weekends where I get to spend time with like...all my groups of friends. Oh yeah, one more thing, I ABHOR THIS SHIFT KEY!!!!!!!!!!!!

 I have a LOT more to do tonight than I was thinking. eeeks.

 Blogger, blogger, blogger....you are my friend. la la la. No, I'm really not on drugs....I suppose that's what's so odd about me. I'm like I am without any illegal substances to influence me. Um, that's all i have to say for now. more later maybe...if I'm not too lazy.

 Oh man. This song is amazingly...i don't know what but it gets stuck in my head so easily. It's called, "this Love" by Maroon 5. Ah! this love has taken it's toll on me...la la la....whoooo I'm in a pretty decent mood right now actually, especially considering my Sunday so..that's pretty nice. Today wasn't bad. I spent a lot of my school time finishing up my W.E.W. paper that I really should have finished about two weeks ago. Whoops. Oh well. I didn't want to talk with anyone much today anyway. I forgot my trumpet today though. That was kind of annoying. no good. Ah welllll. I don't even feel like writing about my day except..i'm pretty sure I aced my math test. Boo yah Grandma. Wow...what a loserish saying and yet...it's great. Sort of... I'm going to go be abnormal someplace else now where everyone doesn't have to witness it. Please exit by clicking the X in the upper right-hand corner of this webpage. thank you. Come again.

 Bad day. I don't even really want to write about it. I really just wish I could go to the funeral even though I hate funerals. Oh well. I think maybe i'll just go eat and then go to sleep really early. that would be nice. Good night everyone.

 It seems really quiet today. Like...i don't een know. maybe it's because it's really windy out but...everything seems so desolate. Odd...very odd...

 I went to see LOTR, Return of the King and actually saw the last 20 minutes! It was great! I cried SO much though. I think I'm glad i didn't see those last 20 minutes with Brandon and Peter. I would've made a fool of myself crying. Heh. It was great though. Even better than the first time actually. I really, really enjoyed it. Tomorrow, I definitely need to do some homework. I should probably start working on my psych project and I definitely need to work on my paper for W.E.W. and get that done with. Oh, today at the mall. I went to Hollister and got a sweater for $6, good deal. :) I also got a pair of pants and a shirt from gap for like...$20. Not bad either considering it's Gap. Heh heh, good old Martha....ah, that was amazing. Four counts...alll guilty. :) Wow, that's really mean of me isn't it? I shouldn't be reveling in her pain but I really am getting immense satisfaction out of this. Anyway, I need to go sleep or something because I am absolutely exhausted. So long, farewell...

 I'm really glad tomorrow's Friday and that this week will be over. :) It just hasn't been very good.

 Today is just one of those days where I'm realllly annoyed with everyone and everything. Like, I just don't want to talk to anyone because I know if I do, I'll get annoyed with them and potentially say something mean that...I wouldn't say under normal circumstances. Ugh. I have so much homework to do so, I'm off to do it. Bye.

 Wow, I slept for sooo long. I woke up at like, 1:00'ish. I guess I just desperately needed to catch up on sleep. It felt good though. And now, I think I'm going to start my psych project. That shouldn't be too bad. It might actually even be fun.

 Sp-sp-sp-spring breakkkk! Oh yeah! :) I'm so happy it's spring break. My teachers were even like...semi decent and didn't give me a ton of hw over break. I might actually go do it now or something just to have it done with. Then today, I have a doctor's appointment then work. Blah. I get off at 8:00 though so I'm hoping maybe I can do something after then. I'm determined to do something with like..every single one of my friends over break which means the people who are leaving on vacation next week, I have to do stuff with this weekend. I think only Kels and Peter are going away, so thankfully that's only two people. Unfortunately though, I have a bit of a cold. It's not too bad though so I should be fine by the end of the weekend and it's not going to stop me from enjoying my spring break. :) Anyway, I'm going to go do that homework and just have it done with. Maybe I'll write more later since I have a lot of time now! :)

 Haven't updated in a bit. Right now I'm just taking a bit of a break from my psych project. It's actually been pretty fun doing this project. Probably the only project I've ever had fun doing. Anyway, this weekend was ok. i decided to go to the band lock-in. It was alright I guess. A bit long but, not bad in the long run. I mostly hung out with Allyce, Brandon, Chris, Peter, etc. Eh. Saturday, I went out to lunch with Kathryn and Mary Clare and we walked downtown Naperville a bit. That was quite fun. Yummy. YaY Noodles. Then, I went to a cocktail party last night. that was fun. :) I didn't drink anything but it was still a lot of fun. Nothing more to say really and I do need to get back to my project.

 So, yesterday was fun. I went out with Carson to brunch. :) We went to Einstein's and I got my PB&J bagel. Yum yum. After that though, the day kind of went downhill. I had to work which kind of sucked because I worked for six hours and...I've now decided that's the worst shift to work. You get a paid 15 minute break every four hours but if you work for six hours, you get gypped. You still only get one break. So, blah. I had to push carts for two hours too since they scheduled one person to do it for four hours in a row. Boooo. :( Then today I'm working from 3-11. Byebye last two nights of spring break. Ah well. I don't care anymore. I just really don't want to go back to school yet. Usually I'm ready but I'm definitely not now. I don't want to see people. Hah. I've seen most of the people I want to see over spring break outside of school. With the exception of a few of course but still...I'd eventually see them outside of school. So, boo school. And now, I have to go find something to eat and do something relaxing before work. Ugh. Shoot me. :)

 Wow. Last night was a ton of fun. :) I'm so glad I got to go! Diane brought ice cream from TCBY and we had pizza and we stayed up really late and....yeah, it was just fun. :) I can't really say much more heh....I guess I could but it wouldn't make sense to anyone. 20, 8, 14, 10, 20, 6, 12! Haha. Wow, what a fun night. Oh, I also got to see Earth Girls Are Easy! That's a really funny movie. Anyway, I must be off now.

 So, tonight should be lotsa fun! I'm going to Katharine's to sleep over with Diane and Kelly. I never get to hang out with any of them so, it'll be tons of fun...well, I hope! Should be though. :) Tomorrow, I'm going to hang out with Kathryn (the other one, heh) then I'm going to Noodles for dinner with Carson. I've been craving some Noodles mac and cheese so...that's exciting. Yum. :) This weekend's going to be a bummer though. I'm working on Friday 6-10, Sat. 3-11 and Sunday, 6-11. Blahhh. :( There go my weekend nights. Anyway, I have to get going. I hope everyone's enjoying their spring break. :)

 Crap, it's one of those, "feel sorry for yourself" days. Dag nabbit. I HATE those days. This sucks. I hate feeling sorry for myself. Stupid Catie...STOP FEELING SORRY FOR YOURSELF!!!

 I do need to write more often though. I'll try to post more often...again. I know I say that a lot. I haven't been on my comp a lot though so...don't hate me.

 Hmmm.....I have some enegy so...I decided to write a bit. I had to work tonight so I'm surprised I have any energy actually. Heh. Well, my spring break has been pretty uneventful so far. I haven't hung out with a whole lot of people so, I'm hoping I'll get to for the rest of the week. So, I just decided I don't really feel like writing. Haha. I'm such a weirdo. So, I'll be on my merry way...la la la...

 So, I do need sleep since I have to work at 7:30 tomorrow morning but I said I'd finish this later and that's what I shall do. Anyway, Kathryn's house last night was...interesting. I was in such a bad mood and...in ways it was nice to be with them and it was terrific spending time with Joanne but Kathryn seemed really mad for no reason and she was all snappy so...that sort of made it worse. Haha and we definitely had some interesting conversations. It was fun, really...I just wish I hadn't been in such a bad mood. We went to sleep at like 2:00 and I had to leave her house at 7:30 because I had work at 8:00 but I actually slept. Like...I never sleep soundly at sleepovers and I slept through it and wasn't in too much pain when I woke up. So then, I went to work with MUCH reluctance. Like...wow....I didn't want to go AT ALL. Like, you have no idea how much I loathed everyone and then...I don't know, as the day went on at work, my mood got better. I don't know. I work with this hilarious kid named Javan. I love him so much! He's such a nice kid and he always makes the time go by faster. YaY! Kathryn, Kel, Joanne and MC also all came in! That was a nice surprise. After work I went out to Red Lobster for dinner (us Catholics and our silly Good Friday) Then, I talked to Carson on the phone and it was odd. She didn't act like anything happened. Odd. Anyway, we talked about our little...plan... Anyywayyyy, then I went to John's house. It was super fun. It was obviously me, Joanney, Kathryn, Mary Clare, Jamal, Faisil, Matt, Brett and Brett's German, Tim.... :) Oh, Neil was there for a bit too! Oh and...little update...I'm totally getting over "the boy" for another guy now....I think. :) Hehe, and now...I must go sleep. Oh gosh....I''d also like to say...Pat is like, the nicest, awesomest kid I know! He totally just made my night. Anyway, au revoir.

 Before I even start writing, I'd like to say one thing. Joanne and Mary Clare, stop reading now. I know how boring my entries are. :) So, yesterday sucked. Like, it had the potential to be fun but it definitely sucked...until I got to Kathryn's house which was actually sort of...bad in certain ways too. It started at lunch when I met Joanne in the band room and Carson came in at the same time and...oh, it was unfortunate. Carson was really upset about it and when I went to go see if she was ok I told her I was sorry and that I really didn't know they'd meet there. I didn't know Carson would be going to the band room too. And she's like, "I could have used a warning," in this really sarcastically mean voice. It just really bothered me because it wasn't my fault at all. I'm not giving up either of them as friends because they don't get along very well anymore. Grrrrr. TThen, I got my paycheck. YaY! That did make me happy although it was reduced from $118 to about $99 because of the stupid union and federal taxes and whatnot. Boo union. Oh well. That's still a nice chunk of change. 18 hours of work. Then, I went to jazz cafe and I was having a lot of fun, I really was but there weren't a lot of people dancing really so, a couple of us were trying to get people to dance more and apparently it offended JSO and Rob Parton or something. I mean, only one person said that to me but he said parents thought so too. I honestly wasn't trying to disrespect anyone. I was trying to be appreciative of the great music and dance. Miscommunication sucks. But then other people seemed not mad at all after I talked with them last night so...I don't know. I just hope Rob wasn't offended. He seemed like a really cool guy and he was really good. :) Anyway...then I went to Kathryn's for the sleepover and...the saga continues after I go out to eat with my family. More later.

 So, today was pretty good. I haven't written since I had to work from 4-10 last night. At least Il'll get a nice paycheck. :) I've just been reveling in the fact that I got home at 7:30. That's so early for me nowadays. I actually got some time to myself! I've had a chance to think a lot about stuff that I just honestly haven't had time for. I've been having a lot of weird dreams lately and about stuff that I used to wish I could make myself dream about but now...I just wish it'd go away. I'm sick of it. It's my own fault but I'm still sick of it. Wy am I such a chicken? Like...seriously...I need to just be honest. I don't understand why I can't just tell people stuff. I really don't. Like, everything makes completely logical sense in my head and then...I can't do what I tell myself to do. Grrrr! Og well, I'm done for tonight. I'm sorry I haven't been writing. You probably don't want to see my writing anyway. Something good did happen today though. I got a good grade on the French test that I thought I bombed that everyone else did actually bomb. Ah, good times. Oh well....I'll leave you with this.It's definitely been running through my head lately. Sometimes I walk alone at night When everybody else is sleeping I think of him and I'm happy With the company I'm keeping The city goes to bed And I can live inside my head On my own Pretending he's beside me All alone I walk with him till morning Without him I feel his arms around me And when I lose my way I close my eyes And he has found me In the rain the pavement shines like silver All the lights are misty in the river In the darkness, The trees are full of starlight And all I see is him and me Forever and forever...

 I'll write more later but...for right now, all i have to say is...WEIGHTED ESSAY WRITING SUCKS!!!

 So, it was really really weird. I had this dream last night and I woke up absolutely ecstatic and then reality slapped me in the face and I was really really mad but once I got to thinking about it, I was even more mad...not because reality slapped me in the face but because I shouldn't have been ecstatic about the dream. I was supposed to be over it. Spring break was supposed to help me get over it and I thought it had. I really did but...no. I'm definitely not if I was that excited and then that bummed about it. My wise words of the day....BOYS SUCK. Anyway, I'm off to run errands and such and I still have to finish up my homework for tonight AND I have to work from 6-11...I think...

 Well, tomorrow is Washington.Um, yay? I don't know. I hope it's fun but I'm not so sure. Spending 24/7 with people for five days is...I don't know, could be potentially tiring . Oh well. I need to go pack and stuff and then tonight is Jo's last night here :( It seems like she got here just yesterday. No good. Anyway, I'm off to pack and whatnot.

 Yesterday was pretty ok. I worked for seven hours and I didn't think I was going to get two breaks but they gave me two breaks so it was really nice. I'm going to have a massive paycheck this week except, I wont be there to pick it up because of Washington D.C. Anyway, after I got home, I went out shopping with my mom and we picked up my brother so he could be here for Easter. I got a new cell phone which is aweeeesssooommmeee! :) I also got these really cool pants, a cute little backpack thing, headphones, and a new phone for my room since my old one broke. Good times. :) Then, today I had to work too so...um, woo? Easter dinner was nice and now, I'm going to go home with my mom and brother so I can see my brother's kitty. Plus, I want to get myself some starbucks on the way home. Some hot chocolate. Don't ask me why I want hot chocolate, I just have a hankerin'. Heh. Funny word. Anyway, I'm off. Lots to do.

 Did I mention how much I detest A Auditions? Or just auditions in general? I just wanted to clarify...

 So, OK, if you know me, which you probably should since you're here, you should know that I bsolutely hate A Audition day Like....not just hate, more like...loathe with a deep ceded burning passion that eats away at the soul... I'm really nervous and I'm not as prepared as I would have liked to be. Not at all. :( Gah. Oh well. We'll see. I might get to do the musical though!!! Since Matt can't do it and Greg can't...Whoooo!!!!!!!!!!!! I hope I get to do it. Anyway, I need to go. I'm driving my mom to her outpatient surgery. Not a big deal but she'll be on drugs so she needs someone to drive. Lucky me. :)

 So, Washington D.C. was so much more fun than expected. Confusing at times and weird but much more fun than expected. There's so much about it and so many inside jokes that just can't even write all about them. Our bus driver was INSANE! Ah, good times, good times. I'm really tired from the trip though. We actually did a lot of stuff. We went to Arlington, the Lincoln memorial, the war memorials, we went on this tour of the city with this crazy feminist lesbian tour guide, we went to the international spy museum!! We went to the Smithsonion, and we went on this nice little cruise thing the last night we were there. It was all really really nice. :) I had a good time with people. I didn't even really get annoyed with anyone. Some strange stuff happened and I got a lot of thinking done and i realized a lot of stuff too. Good times, good times. Anyway, I have a million homework assignments to do so...off I go, tra la la...

 So, unbelievable as it is, I'm actually going out tonight with friends. Like...with real people. No bagging groceries for me tonight! :) YES! I'm going to go see the musical, Bells Are Ringing. This week was pretty long but not too bad. The ACT's weren't as bad as I thought they were going to be but they did make me think a little. The PSAE's were a joke. The math section actually insulted my intelligence or lack thereof. If boxes of envelopes cost .09 cents each and you buy 12 boxes, how much do you spend? And whats funny is that that was the longer of the two tests. Then, today I took the SAT's which weren't too bad. It was all just vocab and math. Really not difficult stuff. I didn't even have my calculator and I felt fine. Last night, I babysat for these three kids under 6. Vinnie, the littlest one who's almost two is so adorable! Oh my gosh! He's such a sweet little boy. Then Angela, who's three is...well....ugh. She's going through that stage where she's like, "I'm not getting what I want so I think I'll scream." I was just like, nuh uh, you're not playing that game with me sweetie. I know you and your games. I WAS you. I know your tricks. And then there's Joey who's...really a very nice kid. He's 6 so he's a little less difficult to take care of. He can kind of handle things more on his own. It wasn't too bad I guess but...I don't know, it was stressful. Plus, they have a nine month old puppy who's teething. Gah. That was sort of annoying. Oh well, At least I made some money. I think Jewel is, A. slowly killing me or, B. slowly taking away my soul. I want to quit so much but something's keeping me from doing it. And one of my many, many bosses, Sharon is an extreme...erm.....bitter woman. Oh well, I'm not talkjing about Jewel anymore in here...until tomorrow when I have to work 9-2. Gah. Oh well. Anyway, oh...I also asked Nathan to prom. I think we're going. I have to make sure but I'm pretty sure we are. This should be an interesting experience... Anyway, I'm off to shower, eat then go out with my friends for the first time in like...weeks!! :)

 So, I got first chair in Wind Ensemble. That's pretty nice. I'll write more later but right now I don't feel much like writing.

 My blog is infinitely more important than you. You know who you are you...you evil chocolate cake hater.

 Alright so, A auditions weren't that bad. Probably because I was on drugs (legal drugs) so I wouldn't have a panic attack and stop breathing...not that that's happened before or anything... Anyway, haha, this weekend was pretty fun after A auditions. A auditions weren't even bad. I hung out with people. It was cool. Plus, Alstadt said some pretty nice stuff so, that made me happy. Anyway, the rest of this weekend, all I really did was work. I went shopping today though! I went to Woodfield! I'd never been there before. It's sooo nice. I bought tons of stuff. :) YaY! I think I'm like...addicted to shopping though. That's not good... Anyway, I'm off to clean my room then I'm going to sleep uber early tonight...I hope.

 So, last night was fun. I babysat which wasn't too bad. I just put them in front of the TV and they were occupied for hours. It was so great. :) Anyway, after that, I went and hung out with Bryan since I had a good two and a half hours until I had to be home. It was good fun. We just drove around and talked. Good, carefree, fun times. Today, I worked. It wasn't too bad since it was only four hours. I only work one day this week. Tuesday. :) YES! And it's only for three hours. Double yes! Tonight, I just stayed at home since everyone I know is either A. working, B. at drumshow, or C. out of town. Bummer. But, it's ok. I went and rented Freaky Friday. Such a cute movie. :) I had a mental health night. Good times.

 I win.

 OK, so, Im beating the system. Im afraid someone will see me typing in my blog thing so Im typing this on word, saving it to a disk and then putting it on my own computer when I get home. Wow, Im such a loser46+. Bryans an idiot32-. Again, Bryan being an idiot. Shock shock. I promised Id continue on yesterday so I guess I will. It sucked a lot. Like, school was alright I guess. Kind of boring until eighth hour at least. We got to hear schizophrenics talk about their lives and whatnot. It was pretty cool/interesting. Then I had to go straight to work and work until 9 though so that sucked. Oh my GodBryans scary. Bryans trying to think of something to write in here so, this could take a while. This weekend should be alright after I get past babysitting tonight. And, I stop there for a few moments for words of wisdom from Bryan. (and by wisdom, I mean idiocy.) Idiocy, indeed. Some may have heard this already, but I feel obligated to notify as many people as humanly possible. Currently, more money is being spent on Viagra than on Alzheimers research. This means that by the year 2050, we will have a large population of elderly people with large boners and peeky boobs with no recollection of what to do with them. I just feel the world should know. Go and spread the word. OK, well, we all appreciate Bryans little bit of information. Kind of an interesting fact actually. Sad, too. I think its also sad that medical insurance covers Viagra but doesnt cover birth control. Is it me or is that sexist? Perhaps Im just stupid. Yes, thats it. Not that Im in need of birth control but it seems rather silly. Anyway, tomorrow night, Im gonna party like theres no tomorrow. I end work at 7:00, which leaves me a good five hours ofwhatever I want to do before I need to be home. YaY! Anyway, Im sick of writing for now so, thats it. OK, I guess I can let you all know how moronic I am. I was planning on saving this to a disk, right? Well, theres this bright yellow post-it thingy on the top of the computer that says, Disk drive A does not work. Im posting this anyway, all stealth like. Here I go*hums theme to James Bond*

 Today was definitely not my favorite day of the week, although one funny thing did happen. I don't feel like writing though so, I'll write tomorrow night depending on what time I get home from babysitting.

 Man, I've just been thinking a lot back to last year. It was really awful. This year has been so much better. I even completed my one goal for the year, even if it was a superficial goal. It's crazy how different last year was from this year. This summer's going to suck though. big time I'm going to have to say goodbye to so many good friends and...yeah. I don't know. I told Bryan something too. Something I've been needing to tell someone for a long time. It felt good to tell someone something I've waited so long to tell someone I really trust and, I don't know, it felt right telling him. Funny how things turn out. I didn't even think I was going to be able to be friends with him at all a few months ago. Anyway, I forgot what I was writing about because I was disturbed by a barrage of IM's so, I'm out of here. Good night.

 So, I'm really not looking forward to the next two days but the weekend should be sort of fun and then next weekend will hopefully be really fun too. I've been kind of sick the past few days. Yesterday was the worst. i had a fever and I was seriously like...seeing things. It was no good. Not to mention I was coughing a lot and couldn't breathe through m,y nose. I've still got the cough but my nose is starting to clear up and my fever's gone. Whoo! Bryan's really sick too. I'm worried about him. He has like, a really bad stomach flu or something. I hope he feels better really soon. The stomach flu, to me, is like, the worst out of any flu. I hate throwing up. It's terrible. Anyway, heh, the section leader meeting Monday was alright. We just talked about how we can improve stuff next year and we're actually getting the music soon! YES! Wow, I'm such a loser. Anyway, tomorrow wont be any fun since I have to work from 4-9 and then Friday I have to babysit from 4 until whenever they get home which, hopefully, wont be too late. This weekend should be cool though. Mother's day...I'm esdited. My brother's coming home so we're all going to hang out. I actually sort of miss him. I know that's weird but, I don't know. It's weird not having him around all the time. Plus, I get along with him so much better now. Probably because he's not around 24/7. Saturday night, I'm hoping to do something with someone. I get off work at 7:00 so, that's pretty nice. I have some of my Saturday night left. And, I did find out. Haha, we are going to prom but yeah....the group situation's kinda messed up right now. I don't know. This might be really weird. Who knows? I guess I'll find out. It can;t be all that bad though. At least I get to dress up!! I hope Nathan has a tux... oh dear....hah, I can tell next week's going to be hectic. I'm outta here. I'm going to bed really early because, although my fever's down, I'm still not feeling great.

 Oh man, I'm going to hurt Kelly. My cold all of a sudden attacked me last night. Like, it was kind of there for a while and then last night I just couldn't stop coughing and I had this pounding headache and ah, I feel so crappy. I slept for a long long time though. Thank you Benodryl. I feel a little better than before but, by no means great. I'm going to go lie down for a little bit more.

 Last night was good fun. Great times. Really. It was so nice to be out with my friends and just...not worry about stuff. there's so much going on right now. I think my head's going to spin off into another dimension. Although that'd probably be pretty cool looking, I wouldn't be able to see it since it'd be my head. The musical itself was really good too. It was very funny and I loved the music. I think it's my favorite one in the three I've been to. I liked it better than Man of La Mancha definitely. Today, work was ok. I got my review and they just basically said, "good job." It was like, three minutes. no big thing. I'm not fired. Is that really a good thing though...? Anyway, I'm off to do some stuff and work on my W.E.W. paper and then later on I'm going over to Bryan's to work on our final project for W.E.W.. Good times.

 I hate it when this happens. You talk to a person every once in a while and every time you talk to them you realize how much you enjoy talking to them and how much you want to be better friends with them but you don't know exactly how to go about this. Oh, woe is me...hah.

 YaY for it being Friday!!! How awesome is that? YaY for there only being 12 days of school left. YaY for the fact that I get to go to One Acts' with my friends tonight to see MC. YaY for life in general being good right now. :) So, today was a pretty good day. We got to be on Good Morning America for marching band. That's so neat. First the Nicolas Cage movie and now Good Morning America. I knew marching band would pay off somehow someday. :) Anyway, that was fun and then...school. Blah, blah, blah. That was pretty dull. I'm ao excited I get to go out with my friends tonight. It's just amazing. :) YaY One Acts'. Whoooo. I also get my car back today which is really nice. I thought it'd take longer. Plus, it only cost 60 bucks. I thought repairing my brakes would be a few hundred so, that's nice. :) Anyway, I'm off to go do something other than homework because...A. I don't have any and B. it's Friday. :-D

 So, I have a minute or two before I have to go for my trumpet lesson. Today was alright. Kate arrival which is nice. I kind of went to sleep late last night though because I had a lot of homework. I talked to Brandon today. I thought about it and realized life's too short to dwell on stuff and I stopped giving him the cold shoulder. I'd rather not have any regrets before this year is over and I would have regretted not making up with him. Anyway, I must be off. YaY trumpet lesson...

 Oh man! I now have a comments part of this page so, you better all leave comments. If you don't, I'll castrate you. Well, there's supposed to be. I guess we shall see.

 OK, so, prom. Hmmm. It started out kind of rocky. I finally lost it on Brandon for all the times he's made cracks about my vision and stuff. He made some innapropriate rude comment not even about that and I just...lost it on him. Then, I cried. Yes, I actually cried. I NEVER cry. Of all times to cry...prom. Oh well, I got over it pretty quickly. I think I was actually more upset because I was upset by what he, of all people, said. Like, I was mad at myself for even being upset about what he said. I'm still pretty angry at him actually. I don't even really want to talk to him. He needs to grow up and realize what he says and does has consequences. He said something about Matthew the other day too that really made Matthew angry. It would have made me angry too. Ugh. I just wish he'd grow up. Anyway, now that I'm done with the unpleasant part of the evening, it was actually pretty fun with Nathan. I was surprised. He even danced. It was funny. Half of what he said was, "what?" though. That wont seem funny to anyone else but when I look back on this in like, 20 years, I'll know what I'm talking about and probably piddle my trousers because I'm laughing so hard. And here is my funny little prom story...well, I think it's funny... So, oh wait, I have two... First, the saltines which probably wont seem funny to anyone but the people in my group. So, we're sitting there starving, (we were literally the first people there) and we see saltines on the table and so we're all eating these saltines and we ran out, and we're just like..."damnit...we need more saltines." So, we first plot to steal some from the other tables but we were afraid that while we were stealing them, somebody would be walking to that table. So, the waiter walks by and Nathan just, all of a sudden goes, "Hey, can we please have some more saltines?" The guy gave us the WEIRDEST look ever. It was so funny. Then, he brought us back like...so many packages of saltines. Ir was awesome. OK, now the even better story. When we got to our table we were looking around and looking at the table and stuff and I was like, "Wow, these are nice plates. We should pillage them." But, we figured out they were too big to hide so Nathan's like, "Ok, we'll steal the forks." And so, he takes one of the forks and sticks it in his tux jacket pocket on the inside and I THOUGHT he put it back, only to have this conversation at the end of the night... Nathan: Here. Keep this as a memento. And then, he just pulls the fork out of his pocket and hands it to me. Me: You took the fork?!?!?! I thought you put it back! Nathan: They WANT you to take the silverware... Hahaha. So, now I have a fork from Drury Lane. :) Nice memory to have. This morning was so painful though. I woke up at 8:30 to go to work and, ugh. It was so painful. Oh well. I think I'm going to go sleep now. I'm super tired. Sorry for the bummer of an opener to this.

 Wow, what a nice end to such a stressful week. This week was like...so frustrating it's not even funny. The weighted essay paper was due and I was flipping out about that and then we had that thing 7th and 8th hour yesterday to play for this guy who helped capture Saddam. That's pretty cool I guess but it just added to the stress. THEN, last night we had our concert, which was like...three hours long. We didn't play very well either. My brother came and I was so super surprised. I wish he would have come to a concert with songs I like though. Oh well. Such is life. Then, today, I slept in and my mom let me go in after first hour since first hour is just band and we weren't doing anything anyway. It was nice. However, I had a bunch of tests today and I have my psych final on Tuesday. Eek. I have to get an A on it to get an A in the class. I'm stressed. Hah. Oh well. Summer is almost here. YaY! So, tonight. Well, actually...I'll start with this afternoon. This afternoon SUCKED. Marching rehearsal was so bad. I don't even know what I'm going to do next year. Today's marching rehearsal made me want to quit ten times more than I already wanted to quit. Ugh. Oh well. I'll end up doing it and I know I will. So, that sucked. It was possibly the most frustrating time I've ever had with people. Then, I came home and called Kelly and, I thought I was going to meet up with her, Kathryn, and MC at Seven Bridges to go see Shrek 2, but when I got there, it ended up being them plus Emily, Kirby, Rick, Tom, Steve, and Roger. It was crazy. We had like...a whole row. Haha. Shrek 2 was really funny too. I didn't think it was a kids movie at all though. It didn't seem like little kids would enjoy it. I guess they'd enjoy it for the animation and whatnot, but I can't see little kids understanding half the jokes in that movie. Then, we all went to Tom's house. Holy cow, his house is HUGE. There's a ton of land too and he has this ginormous barn. Oh man. Coolest place ever. We played ghost in the graveyard! I haven't played that in FOREVER! Then we made some prank calls, haha, not really pranks since they knew who we were but it was still funny nonetheless. Then we played like...6th grade Truth or Dare. It was hilarious. Then Rick drove me home. And...yeah, here I am...writing in my bloggy blog and in a very good mood after a very long week. :) I like being happy and not stressed out.

 I made cookies. How cool is that? Cookies are awesome. I got my ACT scores back today too. Not too bad, but I think I'll take them again just to see if I can do better. My score now is definitely satisfactory. Not what I expected at all. It was a nice surprise in a day full of...hmmm....annoyance...

 So, I've decided to use my bad moodness to do productive stuff. I'm going to go bake cookies while doing my laundry and my history final study guide. Oh yeahh....

 I just want this year to be over so much. I want to get away from most people and just be on my own for a bit. why can't people realize that they're going too far? Why don't they know when enough is enough and too much is too much? Gah. I'm too annoyed to write.

 *Tonight, Tonight* Time is never time at all You can never ever leave without leaving a piece of youth And our lives are forever changed We will never be the same The more you change the less you feel Believe, believe in me, believe That life can change, that you're not stuck in vain We're not the same, we're different tonight Tonight, so bright Tonight And you know you're never sure But your sure you could be right If you held yourself up to the light And the embers never fade in your city by the lake The place where you were born Believe, believe in me, believe In the resolute urgency of now And if you believe there's not a chance tonight Tonight, so bright Tonight We'll crucify the insincere tonight We'll make things right, we'll feel it all tonight We'll find a way to offer up the night tonight The indescribable moments of your life tonight The impossible is possible tonight Believe in me as I believe in you, tonight

 So, this weekend has been pretty decent. I went to One Acts' Friday night. It was tres funny. I liked it a lot and MC was SO good! YaY MC!!! Yesterday I had to work for eight hours which wasn't too fun but, what can you do? I came home and I planned on going to sleep but then I started talking to some people. I talked to brett for over two hours. Crazy. Today I'm working from 2 to 7 and that's really all I'm doing. I need to go to the police station, too to get statistics for my weighted essay writing final paper. Gah. No good. I'm really, really excited for summer. Sleeping in, being with my friends, Caseville!! Well, hopefully Caseville. I also am hoping to go downtown a lot. Maybe hang out at my brother's appartment while he's gone. I love downtown Chicago. It's like, the coolest place ever. I'm also thinking of maybe going to Six Flags once or twice. I want to get a season pass but I think you need four people to get one or something. This summer should be fun. I think I'm going to be doing a lot of college searching though. I've definitely got it narrowed to a few schools downtown chicago. Probably UIC, DePaul, Loyola, or Northwestern. We shall see, we shall see. I'm already getting excited for college. Mostly, I guess, I'm excited to get away from my high school. I don't know. I guess people are ok but...there are a lot of really annoying people in my school. I've also decided to volunteer at MarianJoy this summer too. That should help me a lot with getting some hands-on experience for OT. Alright, this is getting too long and I'm sick of typing. I woke up pretty early this morning and didn't go to bed until like, 1:00, thanks to someone. Hah.

 I had such a fun night. It was so nice. Matthew came over and brought me pizza and we went to Stephens house with it and hung out there for a bit. Then we helped Jim move his aunt's car into her garage. Well, actually, Stephen and Matthew did, not me. Anyway, after that we went to Stephens house for a bit more. then Matthew, Chris, and I all went to the park and we ALMOST got caught by a cop. It was so narrow. We left just as this cop was coming. Someone must've called him. No good. We weren't doing anything wrong. Just sitting and talking. So, then Matthew went home and Chris and I drove around for a looong time. It was really nice just hanging out with him again. I missed him. Anyway, I realllly need sleep so, au revoir.

 So, today was even worse than yesterday. Today made me realize that the seniors really are gone and aren't coming back. I miss Brandon and Peter and Justin so SO much. They were some of my best friends. Well, more Brandon and Peter on the best friends part. Brandon will at least be around some next year but Peter....I think he's the senior I'm going to miss most right now just because I have the feeling I'll never get to talk to him because he's going to Notre Dame. It makes me super sad. I almost cried when I was talking to Allyce about it today but, I was good. I managed to hold it in. Then...there's Chris. We've been through so much and I'm really, really going to miss him but with him...it's different too because I know I'll talk to him and see him and stuff. With Peter, I just have this awful feeling that I'll never ever get to see him again. :( Although, Chris...even though I'll see him and talk to him, I don't know. It's hard to let him go. He knows me so well and, we've talked about everything. He's been such an amazing best friend. Sigh. OK, I need to stop before I start crying again. Anyway, other than that, the day was bleh. I just want this year to be over. Senior year, here I come baby. It better be amazingly awesome. Well, I must be off. I'm going to hang out with Matthew and Chris. I hope I don't cry when I see Chris. Haha. I'll feel like a moron. :) Although, I wouldn't feel weird crying around Chris. Not like I would around most people. With Chris, I'd literally cry on his shoulder and not feel bad about it at all. Oh well. I'm out. Peace. Oh yeah, one more thing, sorry for the depressing entry MC. :)

 So, today was really pretty depressing and...I guess happy all at once. I mean, I'm happy for the seniors, I am. I'll just...miss a few of them a whole heck of a lot. I told myself I wouldn't cry but, I definitely did cry a little at the end of the day. Oh well. I'll get to hang out with some of them this summer hopefully. I got my final back for psych. YES! I have an A in the class. Ohh yeah! Whoo! Hah. That made me happy obviously. So, okay...senior prank story, which had the potential to be really funny but...ended up being sort of a flop. The seniors planted a tree in the middle of the football field which, is quite funny. Then, at the beginning of fourth hour (thnk you seniors, I didn't have my French homework done) someone pulled the fire alarm. So, we all go outside and I think the plan was that we would all go outside and see the tree. However, they removed it this morning. No good. THEN, we all started to feel these little droplets of rain and we're all like, "uh oh." So, A. the tree wasn't even there and, B. the seniors themselves got wet from the rain when they were all nicely dressed up. :( Poor seniors. What a bummer of a prank. Anyway, I'm going to go now. I have to do my math packet for Danbom's class. Ugh.

 So, today and yesterday were pretty good. I didn't end up going to the bbq yesterday because, A. it was raining and B. none of the girls were going so, it might have been awkward. I ended up going shopping, which I was going to do anyway, but yeah...it was cool. Fun times. Then, I studied like crazy for my psych final last night. That's the first final I've ever really studied for in high school. I'm hoping I did well. I felt good about it today but...who knows. There were a few things I was unsure on because I didn't know they were going to be on the final. Hah. I was the only one at commencement rehearsal this morning....well, the only trumpet. Nathan and Zach aren't even doing it. Things are going to suck next year without Matt, Peter, and Dave. Ick. Heh, speaking of which, we got our yearbooks today and Peter wrote this super super nice message in mine. It made me really really happy when I read it. I'm going to miss him a ton. He's one of the seniors I'm going to miss most. I've gotten to be pretty good friends with him the past year and, I don't know, it'll just be weird without him around. Oh well. I guess that's what happens. And, for some reason, I'm extremely tired tonight so, I think I'm going to try to go to sleep really soon. Night.

 I can show you the world Shining, shimmering, splendid Tell me, princess, now when did You last let your heart decide? I can open your eyes Take you wonder by wonder Over, sideways and under On a magic carpet ride A whole new world A new fantastic point of view No one to tell us no Or where to go Or say we're only dreaming A whole new world A dazzling place I never knew But when I'm way up here It's crystal clear That now I'm in a whole new world with you Now I'm in a whole new world with you Unbelievable sights Indescribable feeling Soaring, tumbling, freewheeling Through an endless diamond sky A whole new world Don't you dare close your eyes A hundred thousand things to see Hold your breath - it gets better I'm like a shooting star I've come so far I can't go back to where I used to be A whole new world Every turn a surprise With new horizons to pursue Every moment red-letter I'll chase them anywhere There's time to spare Let me share this whole new world with you A whole new world That's where we'll be A thrilling chase A wondrous place For you and me

 Sometimes, it makes me really sad that chris and i aren't very good friends anymore but, i guess I kind of saw it coming so, I guess I should just live with it. I don't know. I kind of miss being able to talk with him and stuff. Iy's just a bummer and especially before he leaves. I kind of hoped we'd stay friends at least until he went to college. Honestly, i don't even know how to act around him anymore. I'm just...cold to him and it makes me feel terrible whihc is why I hate talking to him now. I don't feel comfortable around him anymore. i don't even know him anymore. He's changed so much. I guess, maybe he hasn't changed so much just...i don't know, it's always this way when he;s in a relationship. I hate when things are like this because, I feel so discarded.

 So, yesterday was alright. This whole weekend's been pretty good actually. I had to work from 1:30 to 7:00 but 'eh, no big deal there. Then, I came home and hung around my brother's party for a bit. That was alright. Then, thankfully, Bryan called and saved me. I went to his house and we watched Aladdin. It was AWESOME. I haven't seen Aladdin in forever. So, good times. Today I didn't do like...anything. Eek. I feel so unproductive. I watched Chicago and the first Shrek with my family. That was ok I guess. Tomorrow I have to wake up early for that stupid parade. Booo. I don't want to go really. Oh well. What to do, what to do? Anyway, I think I'm going to go sleep for a bit but...I meant to mention this a few days ago to MC and forgot to put it in here. Staying away from those kilts I hope? Hah. XOXO

 You know, I just noticed something with my entries for the past few days. They're bipolarish. I'm happy one day and having a good time and then, I'm sad the next or really angry/in a bad mood...the case for today. Heh. That's not good... God, I wish MC, Kel, and Kath were here. I wish Joanne was here too. I wanted to hang out with Chris too and it doens't look like that's going to happen. He told me he was hanging out with Kristen today and then he didn't and I tried to get a hold of him but the first time I called a while back, he didn't answer because he was on the phone or something and the second time I called he was already out with Bryan and Matthew. Ugh. Today sucks. Plus, I got mad at someone for the first time ever todaay...well, the first time ever being mad at them. I'm still kind of mad but, I guess not as much. I wouldn't have been mad had the conversation ended decently but, it didn't and thus...my angryness comes in. I get angry so rarely though. It's odd.

 All I want right now is me, myself and I. I want everyone else to just leave me alone.

 So, tonight was really fun even though I didn't really do anyting. Haha. I went out expecting to have dinner with MC and Kels which, we did. That was nice. Then, we went to DQ and ate ice cream in Kel's trunk. Haha. It was fun. People looked at us like we were so strange. So then, Kelly started driving us home but we were like, well...we don't really wanna go home, so...we went to Kel's house and just hung out for a while. Good fun. Then, Tom called and so we went with him and Stephen to Caribou. Yum. Hot chocolate with cookie crumbles. YUM! So, we just sat in Caribou for three hours talking and just...having a good time. I hadn't had the chance to get to know Stephen and Tom that well until tonight. Fun fun times. I hope we get a chance to do that again. I'm going to miss kath and kel and MC though over the next week. :(

 You know...it's funny how sometimes, the things you do that you don't even think about or that you do think about but see in a certain way are seen COMPLETELY differently by those around you. So, you end up hurting people completely unintentionally when you had maybe thought you were doing the right thing.

 So, I had a good long talk with Peter last night. It was nice. I haven't talked to him that much in a while. I've missed talking to him. It was fun. I also talked to Chris. He called me from U of I. :) Tha was nice of him. MC and I talked too. It was nice of her to say something. It makes me feel a lot better about the whole situation and I know they didn't mean to so, I'm really glad she said something. Haha, this is weird writing this knowing she reads it though. Hi MC!!! :) Haha. So, my day is starting off much better today.

 I called Kel back ans I guess things are ok. I just wish people would tell me if they didn't want to spend time with me instead of saying..."oh, well, I thought you'd be busy." And, if they do want to, I guess I just wish they'd take two minutes to call and ask me themselves if I'm busy. I haven't seen them that much for the past few months but that was due in large part to the fact that I was working. They know I'm not working anymore so I have some free time for a bit. Whatever. I guess I just needed to vent. I don't think they're doing that on purpose. I love them and they're great friends. I guess I was just a little hurt. Oh well. I'm going to sleep.

 I don't think I've ever felt worse or more left out or....I don't know, disliked by friends before. Well, I thought they were friends. It kinda seems like they don't even want to be anymore. Well, if they don't want to be, I guess that's their choice. This is almost three times this week. If I hadn't called yesterday, they weren't going to invite me either. I knew this summer would suck. Oh whatever, I don't care. I just wish they'd have told me earlier so I don't bother.

 Yeah for my last day of school being super awesome...well, after the actual finals. Kels, Kathryn and, I all went to MC's for this party of hers. I thought it was just going to be us and a few of the other kids from the neighborhood since her sister Maggie Rose is in elementary school. It ended up being this big thing. They had a moon walk and this water slide thing that was blown up with air and it was...so cool. Cold too! Haha! It was super fun. We had water balloon fights and, ah good times. MC got hit twice in the same way both times. It was hilarious. If you ever want to get her with a water balloon, just sneak up behind her and get her. Ah, it was fantastic. So, we hung around there for a while and then decided we wanted to go see Harry Potter. So, we all went home, showered, did whatever and then...we went to see Harry Potter!!! On IMAX nonetheless. It was awesome. I really liked it a lot. However, it was much darker than the first two movies. I'll admit it. I'm not going to lie, I was scared. Those dementors...ohhh...I've got chills and my room's stifling. Anyway, after that we just went to Tom's house and hung out for a while. We didn't really do anything but, it was fun. Lots of fun. Today was definitely one of the most fun days I've had in a long time. I think what helped make it so great was knowing I can sleep in as late as I want tomorrow. :) Unfortunately though, Kels and MC are going on a church thing starting this weekend and Kath is going to a wedding in Kansas. What am I supposed to do with my life while they're gone? Haha. Oh well. I'll find something constructive. I thought this entry would be longer and I probably would have made it longer but, I'm SO super tired and all I want to do right now is sleep. Just one thing before I go to sleep though....Wizards Gone Wild. Hah. Whooo, good times. Anyway, peace out and lots of love. Oh yes...one last thing....this lady in the movie theater in front of me was so mean. I was accidentally leaning against her chair and like, instead of being nice about it and saying, "can you please not do that?" she was like, "sweetie, sweetie, I'm not an armrest" in this realllly sarcastic tone of voice. I wanted to hit her but...I was a good Catie. *pats self on back* :) Anyway, bon soir.

 Well, that's it. It didn't feel like the last day of school, but it definitely was. No more schoool! Whooo...except for summer school. That's gonna suck. Stupid band. If I weren't in band, I wouldn't have to take summer school. I'd have room in my schedule for the stuff I need to take. Grrrr. Oh well. I have a few free days. My math test today wasn't bad at all. A lot easier than I expected. I also got my recommendation letter from Mrs. Kistler so now I can turn in my application at Marianjoy. Exciting stuff. It's nice having this year over though. I think senior year will be a lot more fun and exciting and....well, honestly, there's a lot more to look forward to at the end of next year than there was this year. Although, I AM going out to lunch with my friends today. :) So, I had that to ook forward to. So, I'm outta here. I'm gonna go have some summer fun! :)

 I'm writing in here just for you MC. i hope you know that. So, today was pretty good. Except for gym but...I'll get to that. My French final wasn't too bad at all. the oral (shut up you sick pervs) part was a lot easier than I expected, but there were some parts to the regular part that were more difficult than I expected. Oh well. I'll just hope I did well. Anyway, gym was bad because right before I had to do my final routine for gymnastics, I got this AWFUL stomach ache. It was terrible. Like, I was doubled over in pain. Oh man. I shudder just to think of it. I did the routine though. I was tough. RAR!!!! TAKE THAT GYMNASTICS ROUTINE!! OK, I'm done, really. Just a side note though. Don't you hate it when you aren't paying attention to what's being written and somehow your caps lock gets pressed and you start writing in caps and you don't relize it for a long time and you have to go back and change everything. Grrr caps lock. But yeah, after gymnastics, I went home and took a small nap. That was nice. It was only like...half an hour but it was BEAUTIFUL! Then, I drove all the way downtown Naperville and I'm looking for a spot so I can meet my friends at Noodles and my cell phone rings..."Hello?"..."Hey Catie. This is Kelly. I'm really sorry but...we're going to the Noodles in Bollingbrook." AHHHH! Haha. It was ok though. I just drove home. Then MC, Kel, and I all went to Noodles and it was super. Yum yum. Sexist soy sauce was there...hah. It never gets old to Kelly. She's so funny. Silly child. It was good seeing them though. I haven't seen them in a few days. Tomorrow, I have my lunch final. That's gonna be a tricky one. I'm going to see if I can sleep through it...in my bed, at home. :) Then, I have math. Good times? Then, I'm going out to lunch with them AGAIN because Kath didn't get to go today. Heh. Should be fun though. I found out Joanney's not coming home until August 5th. :( That makes me a very sad Catie. Anyway, I'm off to sleep...or something. But first...a little song from Hillary Duff.... Hey now, hey now Hey now, hey now.... Have you ever seen such a beautiful night? I could almost kiss the stars They're shining so bright When I see you smiling I go Oh-oh-oh I would never want to miss this 'Cause in my heart I know what this is Hey now, hey now This is what dreams are made of Hey now, hey now This is what dreams are made of I've got somewhere I belong I've got somebody to love This is what dreams are made of Have you ever wondered what life is about? You could search the world and never figure it out You don't have to sail the oceans No-no-no Happiness is no mystery It's here and now It's you and me Hey now, hey now This is what dreams are made of Hey now, hey now This is what dreams are made of I've got somewhere I belong I've got somebody to love This is what dreams are made of Open your eyes This is what dreams are made of Shout to the sky This is what dreams are made of When I see you smiling, I go Oh-oh-oh Yesterday my life was duller Now everything's technicolor Hey now, hey now This is what dreams are made of... Hey now, hey now This is what dreams are made of I've got somewhere I belong I've got somebody to love This is what dreams are made of

 I think I'm over him and then....I start walking toward him and see him do something and my breath just catches in my throat and I'm paralyzed for that moment in time just watching him be him.

 So, the last few days have been fun but kind of sad. I went and played at graduation Friday night. The last time I'll ever have to play for it. Whooo. We played Pom and Circumstance 9 and 1/2 times through. Then, Kristen, Matthew, and I left to go to Steak N' Shake to get some shakes. We also brought back some for Chris and Emily. Good times. Then after graduation, I just hung out with Chris and Kristen for a bit. Yesterday, hm....I went to a few graduation parties. Less than I expected but, I couldn't get to the other few I was supposed to go to. I went to Brandon's with Allyce. That was fun. Alstadt and silder showed up. I was surprised, but I guess they were showing up at all the graduation parties. Then, Anna showed up and I went with her to Peter's party and I was there for a while waiting for Chris because I was supposed to meet up with him before going to Matt's. Ashley came to Peter's! I was so happy to see her. We're going to hang out this summer and she invited me to her graduation party. She's so nice. :) I miss having classes with her. But, yeah, it was fun. Then, I went to Matt's with Chris and that was pretty funny. There were some people there I didn't really know but...eh. It's ok. Then, Chris, Bryan and I just hung out. It was cool. Fun times. Today, I must study for U.S. History. Well, I'm considering it at least. I definitely need to. Anyway, I'm out. :) Peace.

 So, the college visits were good. I'll probably write more tomorrow. I'm sad I missed Lindsay's party though. That was the only bad part about today. Oh well. I'm out.

 Good bye Naperville. Hello Chicago. :)

 Well, just got off the phone with Chris. Good times. It was nice talking with him. Anyway, I'm super tired and I have college visits tomorrow so, I'm out of here. Bon soir.

 Diane, you're awesome! Diane is the coolest person ever. I hope you all know that. Honestly, and I'm not even joking, it was difficult to part with the colors. I do miss them. However, I've moved on and, in memory of my colors, I have Cheer Bear as my picture. :) She makes me happy. And, although I do really like your template, if you want to change it, I say, go for it! (Wow...Catie's advice blog. Haha) Anyway, thank you for leaving a comment. I appreciate it so much. :) It made me feel special.

 This shall be a short entry. Two things. 1. Ibuprofen is Godly. 2. Guys suck. Not because they talk about sports constantly or because they are imature or because they don't always shower. Rather, they suck, because of the simple nature that they don't have to go through something once a month every year for about forty years. We're talking 480 times in a lifetime. That, my friend, is crappy. And I bet the male readers of this are saying to themselves, "I really wish she would have warned me," but, I don't care. You see, my belief is if we have to deal with it that much, you should too. I surprise myself with my niceness sometimes. :) On a lighter, happier note, (yes, I've decided to add more than the two things) I'm going to visit colleges tomorrow. It's going to be crazy but I'm ezcited. I'm going to Northwestern, DePaul, Loyola and UIC. the only one I actually have a scheduled thing at is at Northwestern. Good times. Then, I'm staying downtown in my brother's appartment since he's gone this weekend. YES! :) No Naperville for the weekend. Who wouldn't be excited?

 So, I got around to doing a whole little blogger makeover. How fun is that? OK, so, I'm a dork. Give me a break. I don't wear makeup, so this is as close to a makeover as I'm ever going to get. :) Please leave comments though. It'll make me feel special or something like that...

 Alright. Lets see if the posting works and if my new background shows up AND if the comments show up. I know. It's an awful lot to ask for.

 Well, although this is sad to say, I must change my template with all it's glorious changing colorness. I want to ad a comments portion to this page and, unfortunately, I must use a blog template instead of one I created in order to do that. Too bad I'm not more computer savvy. I can create the template, but can't get the comments to work. Heh. Ironic. You'd think this would be easier. Oh well, this is a farewell message to the old colorful way of blogger way. I'm a fan of the color black, as many of you should know, and so...here goes. Here I come black blogger page. I shall miss you colorful one. :(

 So, I stepped outside of my house to go out to my car to get my book and, I'm pretty sure that 10 foot journey resulted in five mosquito bites. Gotta love summer. Actually, not really. I think I'm the only person who doesn't really like the season itself normally. Usually it's too hot or rainy or...mosquitoish for me. Although...swimming is good. :) So, Chris IM'dme the other day saying he needed to talk to me about something later but then, he never did anything about it so I guess he changed his mind. Oh well. Not a big deal then I guess. On a happy note, Ryan and I have been talking a lot...again. This always happens over the summer. It's kind of that reassuring summer friendship that I know I'll have, although...after last summer, I wasn't sure we'd really start talking again. I realized today how nice it is that I'm on good terms with all my past boyfriends. Even the first Ryan...and that ended less than nicely. How many people can truly say that? That they're on good terms with all their past boyfriends/girlfriends? Then again, some people do have a lot more people that they'd need to get along with then. And, I have this...extremely popish song in my head. I don't think it's bad. It's got awful lyrics though. Ive been waiting all day for ya babe So wont you come sit and talk to me And tell me how were gonna be together always Hope you know that when this late at night I hold on to my pillow tight I think bout how you promised me forever I never thought that anyone could make me feel this way Now that youre here boy all I want is just a chance to say Get out (leave) right now Its the end of you and me Its too late (now) and I cant wait for you to be gone Cause I know about her (move) And I wonder (why) how I bought all the lies You said that you would treat me right But you was just a waste of time (waste of time) Tell me why you looking so confused When Im the one that didnt know the truth How could you ever be so cold? You go behind my back and call my friend Boy you mustve fallen and bumped your head Because you left your number on her phone So now that after all that youve said and done Maybe Im the one to blame but To think the one that you could be the one Well it didnt work out that way Get out (leave) right now Its the end of you and me Its too late (now) and I cant wait for you to be gone (you to be gone) Cause I know about her (move) And I wonder (why) how I bought all the lies (all the lies) You said that you would treat me right (you said that you) But you was just a waste of time (waste of time) I wanted you right here with me But I have no choice youve got to leave Because my heart is breaking with Every word Im saying. I gave up everything I had On something that just would not last But I refuse to cry No tears will fall from these eyes (ohh, ohh) Get out Get out (leave) right now Its the end of you and me (you and me) Its too late (now) and I cant wait for you to be gone (you to be gone) Cause I know about her (move) And I wonder (why) how I bought all the lies (how did I ) You said that you would treat me right (you said that you) But you was just a waste of time (waste of time) Get out (leave) right now Its the end of you and me (hey yeah) Its too late (now) and I cant wait for you to be gone (you to be gone) Cause I know about her (move) And I woner (why) how I bought all the lies You said that you would treat me right (treat me right) But you was just a waste of time (waste of time) Get out (leave) (you and me) Its too late (too late) (now) About her (now) (why) You said that you would treat me right But you was just a waste of time (ohh) Yeah, sure, it has poor grammar and the lyrics are absolutely dreadful but it's catchy. I'm thinking of possibly printing my entries and making an actual journal...you know...a written one, the ones that were written before mankind's great technological advancements came into play. Maybe I'll go find myself a quill. Heh heh. I can see myself writing with one now. Maybe I'll bring one to school this year with a little bottle of ink. "Catie, can I borrow a pen?" "Here, have some ink and a quill." I suppose letting someone borrow your pen or...quill back in those days was a lot more risky than it is these days. And, I'm not joking, it's risky. You lend someone a pen, they dash out of class with your pen, you lose your other pen, probably while getting bumped in the hallway by endless hoards of freshman, and you get to history class where you're taking notes on the great Roman emperors and later after not taking notes, you try to study but you can't remember whether it was Tiberius or Caligula who did whatever. But really, getting back to what I was saying, it would have been much more expensive those days. I'm sure pens must be comparatively cheaper than a quill and ink. Not to mention a Heck of a lot less people were literate while quills and ink were popular. I wonder when bic was invented... Anyway, my whole point in all of this is that I'm considering printing my previous entries from this thing, which would be a large project when I consider that I've written in this for almost two years. I think I've gotten too attached to this thing. I admit I might have a problem. And now...I'm off to go look up when bics were invented. God bless bics.

 There's one sad truth in life I've found While journeying east and west - The only folks we really wound Are those we love the best. We flatter those we scarcely know, We please the fleeting guest, And deal full many a thoughtless blow To those who love us best. So, I read this somewhere. I find it interesting and true for the most part, but how can one not hurt the ones he/she loves most when he/she is around them the most? And anyway, flattering those you don't know as well can work to your advantage. You pretty much know what you can get away with with your close friends. You know how far you can stretch the limits but with people you don't know as well, the possibilities are endless. I mean, I'm not saying take everyone you don't know for advantage. Just...explaining the little poem as I see it I suppose.

 It's an epidemic I tell you, an epi-fricking-demic (I know it's a stretch but I really wanted to put fricking in the middle of the word). These blog thingies have gone rampant. Lock your children away! The blogs come to attack at midnight... I'm fine. I swear. Well, fine in my definition. Really. Let me just sing a little song. A love song...heh.... I know the pieces fit cuz I watched them fall away Mildewed and smoldering. Fundamental differing. Pure intention juxtaposed will set two lovers souls in motion Disintegrating as it goes testing our communication The light that fueled our fire then has burned a hole between us so We cannot see to reach an end crippling our communication. I know the pieces fit cuz I watched them tumble down No fault, none to blame it doesn't mean I don't desire to Point the finger, blame the other, watch the temple topple over. To bring the pieces back together, rediscover communication The poetry that comes from the squaring off between, And the circling is worth it. Finding beauty in the dissonance. There was a time that the pieces fit, but I watched them fall away. Mildewed and smoldering, strangled by our coveting I've done the math enough to know the dangers of our second guessing Doomed to crumble unless we grow, and strengthen our communication. Cold silence has a tendency to atrophy any Sense of compassion Between supposed lovers/brothers I have more. Yes, I know. "She has more after she's put the song lyrics in? What's wrong with her? That's not the way things are done." Perhaps deviating from my usual abyss of normalcy will add excitement to life. Hah. Sad though, changing my blog pattern brings me happiness... Did I really reach the high point of my life at eight when my brother chopped off Mermaid Barbie's head with the little guullotine he made for history class? Ah, that does bring back happy memories though. Anyway, that really wasn't my point for continuing my entry although, it does lead nicely into my next point. I was thinking...it'd really depress me if life really were like a box of chocolates. Chocolates are a perfunctory gift that people give to people when they don't know what else to give them. Guys give them to girls. Acquaintances give them to aqcuaintances. Businesses give them to their employees for a great five years with the company...if you can get to that without being laid off. I think if someone can manage to stay with a company for five years without a. killing themselves, b. getting laid off or, c. comitting a felony, they should at least get some waterford out of it. And, back to my original point, which was what you ask? I really don't know. I'm sure I'll figure it out though so, stick with me. Even if you love chocolates, when you finish, what are you left with? A sticky empty box with the lingering smell of a delicious indulgance? The chocolates were probably mindlessly wolfed down anyway. Sure, once in a while you get one filled with cherry (if you like cherry) or one filled with peanut butter but the taste is fleeting and the memory is soon forgotten. So, really, I'm not sure what my point is and even if I did, it's not as fun as listening to people tell me what my point is. And all of this because a friend's blog said people only write about the silly stuff. The little pieces of nuts in the chocolates of life. Well, I'm sure I shall continue writing about the nuts but, it's nice to confuse people once in a while. Peace, love, and good luck Forrest Gump with your chocolate filled life.

 I've decided trying to do a comments thing for this page is far too difficult to figure out at 11:55 at night. Who would have known?

 Hm.

 Tonight was SO MUCH FUN!!! Wheeee. I love having new friends. I mean, I love having my old friends too but, new friends are nice and getting to spend more and more time with them is getting to be awesome. Anyway, we all had a bbq at Hunters Woods tonight. It started out as Jeremy, Stephen, Kathryn, and me. But then...a ton of people ended up coming. Amit, Tom, Roger, John, Matt, Faisil, Jamal, Chen, and Sophie and some other chick even showed up for a bit. Crazy fun times. The best part though...other than Tom lighting everything on fire...was definitely learning to fish. Jeremy taught me how and I caught like...four fish. It was so fun. I refused to actually touch the bait or fish though...heh. I'd be a terrible fisher. But, yeah, it was lots of fun. I love spending time with them. I'm getting to be much better friends with Stephen and Tom too. It's too bad Tom's moving in July. Big time bummer. That's ok. Summer school actually isn't bad either. All I'm doing is reading all summer. I was originally going to take Consumer Ed. but decided to go with Lit. Themes instead. I was close to quitting band and just going without summer school. If I did that I'd easily get all my credits. Oh well. Lit. Themes is fun. All we do for the two hours is read which, I'd be doihng at home anyway probably. I'm in a decent mood right now. :) Happy, happy, happy. Tomorrow, I have kind of a busy day. I have summer school then a lesson with Lubrielle, who's supposedly really, really good. Then, I have a meeting about the walking marathon for the Cancer association and then I'll probably go hang out with Kath, Jeremy, Stephen and some other people. Good times. Good times indeed. Bon soir my friends and people I don't know who read this thing.

 To make this private...or not to. I don't know. With one click of a button...I could write my inner most thoughts in here without anyone knowing and with things being exceedingly confusing lately...it would be nice. I'm too lazy to bother to write in another one of these things and make that private so...I don't know. I guess I'll think about it more. But...I suppose I have this to say. It's been on my mind lately. How is someone supposed to trust someone when they aren't being trusted by that very person? Trust begets trust. And how is one supposed to be friends with someone they don't trust? Without trust, friendship can't exist. And, that's all I have. Good bye.

 I miss Kel and MC. I really miss them. I want them to come home now.

 So, I went to see Harry Potter tonight with Bryan. fun times, fun times. Then we went to Steak 'N Shake...good times there as well. I'm never eating a shake in front of him again though. Haha. Anyway, I should go. I have some other stuff on my mind but, i don't think I'll write about it now. Maybe if I still have the urge tomorrow.

 Sometimes it truly amazes me how many people read this. People from random places like New York, virginia and Hawaii. It's crazy. I don't see why they'd want to read it. I don't even see why people who know me want to read it but, eh, I suppose that's their prerogative. I guess I think it's kind of cool though. So...hey Hawaii and Virginia and New York and Singapore and Ohio and Michigan and everyone outside of my state! :)

 I apologize for the dismal entries from yesterday. However, I'm still not in a good mood. I think I've decided to go hibernate for a day or two...or 20. But, if you're lucky enough to read this entry before you read the ones below....don't read the one's below. They're just me venting.

 I'm so mad at him right now I can't even...ARGH. I can't even find a word for how angry I am with him. Seriously, I've never EVER been this angry with him before. I wish he'd friggin' trust one of his own best friends even though..heh....we aren't best friends anymore. However, you'd think the kid wouldn't bend over backward and lose his friends. I guess I knew it all along but I guess I was also sort of denying it at the same time. I really had no proof. It's just what I thought. But now....argh. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. People suck.

 OK, bear with me. I'm super tired and I don't really know what has posessed me to write in this thing at this hour when I should be catching up on my z's. However, here I am....writing....to you, the beautiful people that read my blog. *Crickets chirp*.....Well....ok, maybe to the beautiful person who reads my blog. Hi beautiful person. Anyway, first of all, I'd like to say thank you to Joanne for your lovely comment and Mary Clare. I love the few comments I get. I suppose a few worthwhile comments is worth far more than a bunch of comments that don't mean anything. And thank you to the person I don't really know who leaves fascinating comments here. I enjoy them. I do intend to go buy my shoes later. :) And, I'm going to love them. Last night was great. Really fantastic. You know those experiences you have that really make you appreciate what you have and your life and how wonderful things are....even if it just lasts a day, it still happenes and last night was definitely one of those nights. It was amazing how many people were there. I didn't realize how tough it would be for me though. The Luminaria ceremony was really, really difficult for me. I just kind of separated from my friends, walked by myself, and...well...cried my eyes out. I don't know if they noticed but I think they did. I think they also sensed I just needed to be left alone for a bit. That's the great thing about having best friends that know you really well. They know when to just let you be. So, I cried, a lot. It was the first time in a long time that I really let myself think of my grandma. I just kept looking up at the stars thinking, I hope she sees me doing this and is proud of me. She used to be someone I'd love to impress. Not to say I was doing the walk to impress anyone. I guess the only person I'd want to impress with it would be her. So, after I had a good cry which, rarely, rarely happens with me I finished walking with my friends for the reast of the Luminaria ceremony. It just felt great to be alive and have terrific friends and...it felt good. That was the only time I cried all night though. I kept myself from crying a lot. I almost did when Audrey walked with her mom. She's Rebecca (Kathryn's little sister's) friend. She had cancer too. I think she was the youngest survivor there. It made me really happy to see them do the survivor walk together and to see Audrey and her mom cry. I gave my mom a giant hug when I got home today. It felt really, really good. I mean, I hug my mother on a daily basis but, sometimes...certain hugs mean more than others. And today, I think I'm going to go get maybe an hour of sleep and then...it's off to trumpet sectionals. Three hours. Sigh. That's unfortunate but, it wont be too bad. I'll make it. Maybe I'll go get some caffienated beverage. Wow, I just checked my spelling on caffienated and I spelled it correctly the first time. That's amazing. I usually have a lot of trouble with that word. Anyway, this turned into a much, much longer entry than expected. I think I'll write about the funny aspects of the evening later. This was a more serious entry for me.

 In all honesty, I'm getting really tired. I enjoy having something to do every day of the summer but...it's been kind of tiring. And tonight we have the Relay For Life walk for the American Cancer Society. I think it will be fun but, it's another night of sleep I wont get. tomorrow I want to go to the mall too after the trumpet sectional to get these shoes I saw in a magazine that I absolutely LOVED! I'm excited about them. Haha. Anyway, I guess I should get going. Things to do, things to do.

 It makes me so sad when good nights turn bad. Especially when it's bad in a...it couldn't be helped kind of way. I'm not going to write the details in here because, no one needs to know but, I just needed to write that it made me sad. I feel so, so bad about it. I was actually going to cry for her.

 Yesterday was a jolly good time for all involved. Well, maybe not, but it was a jolly good time for me. Just went out with the friends. We went to see The Day After Tomorrow. It was alright but, not great. I was actually expecting it to be worse than it was, but I was expecting to absolutely hate it. It was funny though. The movie theater was almost empty and we had eleven people in our group and we took up a whole row. So, here's this whole row full of people and the rest of the theater is almost empty. Heh. We were all laughing at the movie and stuff though and then after, as we were walking out, this little kid was like, "That was the coolest movie I've ever seen!!!" I felt bad. I don't think anyone else did though. Haha. It was kind of funny. Plus, I got to ride in Tom's Corvette....well, his dad's. It was cool. That's a REALLY nice car. And, I just realized something else about my blog today. I think I'm overanalyzing my blog. But anyway, I tend to start my entries the same way quite a bit. I wonder how many times I've started an entry with, "I" or with "And." Heh. If I had any free time, I'd check. OK, maybe not. That would take a lot of time and it would be incredibly loserish. But anyway, this summer's been so much busier than I would have ever imagined. It's been nice though. I kind of like having stuff to do. Then again, there are those times when I just wish I had some down time. Oh well. I don't know. I certainly don't have any more now. i'm off to Mary Clare's house. Kathryn and I were going to be spontaneous and just show up, but that didn't work out. Haha. Oh well. So much for living on the edge.

 Funny. I realized my title of my page and the little saying underneath are pretty incongruous. In the title, I'm asking to escape. I use this to vent and to get away from the real world. However, in my little saying, I'm all positive and optimistic. Interesting. I guess I'm a contradictory person...or just fickle.

 Funny how you remember the most obscure things from your childhood. Tonight, I remembered pogs. Who remembers those? Crazy... And, I also remembered two lines from the movie Heavyweights. If you haven't seen it, SEE IT! Pat: And what have we all learned from this? Sam: Don't put twinkies on your pizza... Hahahahaha. I don't know why that's so funny...It really shouldn't be.

 It's been a long day. A very long day. An incredibly...well, you get the point. I had a good time and all but it was just...too many girls in one room wreak havoc. Big time. I don't get headaches very often and I think I had one five minutes after getting to Kathryn's. However, I have to say, I still had a good time. We all went to Kathryn's to make t-shirts for the relay for life walk for the American Cancer Society. We've made our team t-shirts and they're super cool. I love them. :) However...a certain person who shall remain nameless cough MARY CLARE cough couldn't just do what the rest of us were doing. She just had to be different. OK, I know I said I'd write four paragraphs on this but, it's difficult and so, I'll cease the Mary Clare bashing because she's too individualistic. Anyway, Nikki was there and Becky too. It was fun. It was nice seeing Nikki again after such a long time. Then, we went to Mongolian Barbeque for dinner and that was nice, except we had to wait forty minutes to get a table. Gah. Oh well. I guess I shouldn't be an impatient American. It was nice. Then we caught up with Stephen, Jeremy, Amit, etc. at Meadow Glens. Fun times. Yes... Stressful day though. This is why I'm thankful I have guy friends.

 urlLink Which Mysterious Death will be Yours? Name/username Age Gender Female Male Neuter Not Sure Favorite Color Black White Silver Gold Yellow Orange Red Purple Blue Green Usual Hangout Mall Fast Food Place Bars Pool Halls Swimming Pool Beach Corner Friend's House Community Center Work Favorite Food American Barbecue Chinese French German Greek Italian Japanese Korean Mexican Pizza Thai Other You will die while drinking expensive wines and dining on terrific food. Who will find your body? A co-worker. You will be wearing spiked-heel pumps, fishnet thigh-highs, a vinyl skirt and a tight red corset. (not sure *I* want to know...) And the Mysterious Cause... aliens and their anal probing. This cool quiz by urlLink cutelilangelx - Taken 7196 Times. New - Kwiz.Biz urlLink Astrology

 I gotta be honest when I say I'm thinkin' of you...

 It only hurts when I breathe.

 So, tonight was one of those great nights where you realize you have the best friends in the world. One of those nights where you just stop trying to get whatever you want to say into the conversation and just listen to what the people around you are saying. You realize that no matter where you are or what you're doing, you can have a good time with these people and you'd do anything for them. Anyway, obviously, tonight was a ton of fun. Mary Clare's house was great and she and her mom really did a great job decorating and with the food and everything. It was so nice. I really enjoyed myself. The movie was pretty good too. The first meeting of the book club was definitely a success although, I wonder what happened to Kirby. She didn't show up. I'm thinking she might have been doing something with the Japanese exchange students she has. I hope she can make it to the next one. For the next meeting, we've decided on Pride and Prejudice. I'm excited. I've wanted to read it for a while. Anyway, summer school awaits me in the morning and I'm awfully tired. If you read this Pat, welcome back. :) I hope you had fun in New Jersey. I'm so happy Mary Clare and Kelly are back too. I missed them a bunch.

 So, I just got a call from Marianjoy. I have an interview Monday at 2:00. :) I'm super excited. I also went to Starbucks with Kathryn and Kelly. I've missed them. I've taken notes through Canto 10 in the Inferno. It's been a good day. And tonight is the book club we created to discuss Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood. It's going to end as a very, very good day.

 And do you know what this little blogger website thing of mine has just told me? I have written over 100,000 words in this thing. That's probably more than I've written combined in typed papers for my whole life. The patheticness of it all is sort of overwhelming.

 And so begins another repetitive week of summer school. I'm lucky I love reading, because if i didn't, the class would definitely slowly kill me.

 Oh my gosh! Ah! I feel so bad. I just called Lindsay to tell her I had her present and that I wanted to hang out sometime this week because I couldn't go to her graduation party. She didn't get ANY of the three messages I sent her. So, she didn't know I wasn't coming. :( Oh well. At least it's all cleared up now and she knows. I feel really bad though. I hope she didn't think I just ditched her or anything. Well, I'm glad I called her then at least. Yesterday was great though. I really liked Northwestern. The campus is beautiful, but it's so difficult to get into the school. I don't know if I can get in. Loyola was nice too. It was smaller...obviously...but, it was still nice. We didn't get a chance to look at De Paul and we only got a glance at UIC so, this week I think I'm going to De Paul at some point. And then UIC sometime later. Good times. Good times indeed. I must get going since it's father's day and...I'm going to go spend time with my father. Heh. :) YaY! It shall be fun. Things are getting better between us lately. I hope it stays that way.

 Gah...I'm just now remembering why I hate AOHell so much. I shouldn't have downloaded it to my computer. I should have said, "screw you AOHell. You can bite me." I'll say it now anyway because I'm indignant. Screw you AOHell. You can burn in the sixth circle of Hell.

 Unh. I don't feel well at all. I feel so nauseated. Not a good thing when I have to babysit in 40 minutes. My mom even made this great dinner tonight too and I was really looking forward to it and I hardly ate a bite. I hate that. Oh well. I guess it's a good thing I'm babysitting later though. I can put the kids to bed by 8/8:30'ish and just read or watch TV until their parents come home. Good times. Well, I guess I'm off to take a shower before I go. Ta ta.

 Well, I finally downloaded AOL to my computer so that I can check my mail without going to the website that often. Not that I get a whole lot of mail other than porn...but hey...who knows? Maybe one day I'll all of a sudden become a nymphomaniac or want to enlarge my penis by four inches!!! *Sigh* What is the world coming to? We use all these great technological advancements to advertise penis enlargement. I think I'll get away from technology for a bit and read.

 Tonight was fun. Went to Ribfest with the gang. We saw Lynyrd Skynard. It was great. We only stayed through Sweet Home Alabama though. Then we all went to Meadow Glens and just...hung out for a while. :) Good times. Not much to say about it. It was just a fun night. We all sat in the back of Jeremy's van too so, that was fun. Anyway, I shall finish my, rather short entry, for me, with a song...I think you all should know it... Big wheels keep on turning Carry me home to see my kin Singing songs about the Southland I miss Alabamy once again And I think its a sin, yes Well, I heard mister Young sing about her Well, I heard ole Neil put her down Well, I hope Neil Young will remember A Southern man don't need him around anyhow Sweet home Alabama Where the skies are so blue Sweet Home Alabama Lord, I'm coming home to you In Birmingham they love the governor Now we all did what we could do Now Watergate does not bother me Does your conscience bother you? Tell the truth Sweet home Alabama Where the skies are so blue Sweet Home Alabama Lord, I'm coming home to you Here I come Alabama Now Muscle Shoals has got the Swampers And they've been known to pick a song or two Lord they get me off so much They pick me up when I'm feeling blue Now how about you? Sweet home Alabama Where the skies are so blue Sweet Home Alabama Lord, I'm coming home to you Sweet home Alabama Oh sweet home baby Where the skies are so blue And the governor's true Sweet Home Alabama Lordy Lord, I'm coming home to you Yea, yea Montgomery's got the answer This is definitely in my head after tonight. Also, Mary Clare...nice job keeping up your blog!!! You're the coolest. Sitting in Jeremy's trunk with you was terrific. ;) (That's supposed to be a wink.)

 Haha. I have to write something because I'm at MC's house and it's cool. Lalala. That's all I have to say. They've got nothing to say. Mary Clare totally just flashed me when she was leaving the room. She didn't want me to write about it but I'm going to post it before she reads it. :)

 Ohhhhh man, I'm SOOOO excited. I forgot to put this in my laast entry. David's coming to town!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!! Oh gosh, I really, really, REALLY miss him. I can't wait to see him. Kel's mom told me tonight. AHHH! I'm gonna give him a huge hug and a big kiss! I'm excited!...obviously!

 Oh man. I'm so, so, SOOOO tired. Seriously, I may actually fall onto my keyboard and sleep. Today was a long but very good day. Had summer school....the usual, then I went to my trumpet lesson and definitely got lost on the expressway, how one does that, I'm still not sure, but I found my way there and back. :) Weeee. Good times. Then, I did end up going to Ribfest with a bunch of people. It was Lindsay and her family, Mike Klos, Anna Hannah, this german girl who we met up with there who used to know Lindsay when she came here last year for the jazz trip and Peter. Whoo. It was fun. We saw Sugar Ray. I liked them. I thought they were good. I just enjoyed myself. I try to enjoy myself in any situation. Even with that AWFUL movie last night. Hehe. Then, Anna, Peter and I all went to baker's Square. I'd never been there. I wanted to get something but I was so full. I had a big dinner and then, I finally had my first elephant ear. It was yummy. But, I'd have to say the one thing I'll remember from tonight was Peter blaring Spanish music with the windows down on the way to Baker's Square. GAH. I was seriously going to smack him over the head. I love him though. He's a good kid. It was nice hanging out with them. I've missed them. And now, I'm SUPER tired and I must be off to sleep. And...this is for a certain someone. She'll know who she is...once ya blog ya just can't....drat, it doesn't work. :) I'm so tired I'm hitting the highlands...awww, I miss Brett. I want him to come home. The highlands always make me think of him. Come home Brettholomue!!! :)

 I have quite a bit to write about but I'm so so tired and I still need to write MC an e-mail. Today's been one crazy, crazy day. I went to summer school as usual and that was fun. YaY? Then, I went for my first day of work at Marianjoy and it was really...truly exciting. I've never felt more...right doing something than I did there. I got a chance to work with a bunch of kids today. Three with austism and actually, not a kid, a woman, with cerebral palsy. It was just amazing because the first boy I got to work with was five years old and he has a less severe form of autism and so it was almost like being with a regular five year old, but when we went into group time with this one other kid, the first boy had a lot of trouble communicating. He didn't like the other little boy who was about two. He wouldn't play with him or anything. It was a huge breakthrough supposedly that we got him to play cars with the younger boy. And, the older boy was helping the younger boy with speech, because that's what the younger boy's autism did to him. It affected his speech. It was just great to see him communicating. Then, the cerebral palsy patient, I didn't get to help much with, just observe. They put a new cast on her arm so she could start to move it better after the cast was off. Then, the last kidhad a pretty severe form of autism. We just had fun with him and played with him. It was funny though. I don't think I've ever seen people look so happy as the kids in that room do. I was amazed that kids battling autism and severe dysfunctions could remain happy through the therapy and through their difficult life. It made me realize how much I should appreciate the little things. I walked out of there just being thankful I could actually walk out of there. I really felt like I was helping them too. I think I've at least found what I want to do sort of. My feeling that I want to do something that helps people has definitely been solidified. I mean, even if they weren't having breakthroughs like the first and second boy...it was just nice to see them having fun away from their normally stress filled days. These kids have more stressful days than I've probably ever had in my entire life and it's like that every day. Every single day. And yet...they still remain happy. I'm just absolutely amazed. The rest of my day was very nice too. I went to Tom's and watched possibly the worst movie EVER. But, I had fun watching it because it was so bad. :) Well, I'm awfully exhausted and I have a big day ahead of me tomorrow. hugs + kisses

 Yes, I did say goodbye to my friends an hour ago. And yes, I did say I would go to sleep. And of course, I didn't. Instead, I finished my book and decided to write in this thing. I guess I really don't have anything to talk about so, I'll try to think of some random topic and rant about that for a few paragraphs. So, basically what I'm saying is, I'd strongly advise that you click the x at the top right corner of this thing. Heh, actually, reading my e-mail, someone just sent me one of those survey things. It's also in a friend's xanga. Sweet. I haven't done one since junior high. Now I'm all excited. I'm going to do it. SECTION 1 [YOU.] +your name: Catie + your gender: Female + hair colour: Hm...white. + eye colour: Eh, kinda depends. + your location: The prairie state. YaY seventh grade prairie unit. I'm just glad I made it through without committing suicide. + fears: Drowning, bugs, snakes coming up through the pipes and into my toilet. I know it's the weirdest thing ever. I guess being lonely would count in here. SECTION 2 [ HAVE YOU EVER ] + peed your pants? Probably when I was a little kid. + cheated on someone? No + fallen off the bed? You can see me? + fallen for a relative? Alright, this seems like a rather rediculous question to me. I haven't ever fallen for a relative...except Lauren...hi Lauren! You're hot. Anyway, the answer is no, but even if I had, would I really announce it to the world? + had plastic surgery? Nah, but there's still time. + broke someone`s heart? I don't really know. I've broken up with people before but...I wouldn't call it breaking their heart... I guess I just don't think that highly of myself to think it's possible that I could break someone's heart. + had your heart broken? Not really actually... + had a dream come true? Sure. + done something you regret? Yes, although I generally try not to regret things. It does no good pondering things that have already happened. Things you can't change. + cheated on a test? Nope. + been raped? ...this seems like a rather crude question. + broken a body part? Yeah. That was a good summer... SECTION 3 [ CURRENTLY] + wearing - A t-shirt...a big one...but that's what I sleep in. + listening to - That song...the remedy. Don't know who it's by. + chewing - Hm, nothing but not a bad idea. + feeling - Kind of tired... + reading - Purgatorio for summer school and Pride and Prejudice for fun. + located - In my house in my room sitting on a chair in front of my computer... + chatting with - Ryan :) Hi Ryan. + watching - Cold Case Files. I'm a dork, yeah. + should REALLY be - Hah...sleeping. SECTION 4 [ DO YOU... ] + brush your teeth? Yeahh + like anybody? Heh... + have any piercings? Just my ears + drive? Yeah + believe in Santa Claus? Who doesn't? + ever get off the computer? Lets see how long AIM has been logged on for. 11 days, three hours and 35 minutes. Does that answer your question? SECTION 5 [ FRiENDS ] + who is your best? Tough question + who is the loudest? KELLY!! She wins by like...a million...Actually...Tom's pretty close up there. + who is the shyest? Jeremy maybe... + who is the 'hottest'? Mary Clare! Totally!!! + who is the cutest? All my friends are cute in their own little idiosyncratic ways! + who laughs the most? Hm, I laugh a heck of a lot. But, I guess Kelly kind of laughs a lot. + who have you known the longest? Kels + who have you known the shortest? Hmmm...zach. He's a sweet kid. :) + do you belong to a crew? What is this word crew? I don't understand. This must be like...not Illinois slang. I guess I'll take it to mean a clique and if that's the case...yes. + do you hang out with the opposite sex? Quite a bit actually... + do you trust your friends? Hm. I trust certain friends more than others. + are you a good friend? I can't really say. That's not for me to judge. + can you keep a secret? Yes. SECTION 6 [ THE LAST PERSON YOU...] + hugged - Hm, hm, hm...Chris I think. + gave EPROPS - EPROPS....? What is all this slang? I DON'T UNDERSTAND!! AHHHH!!! :( + IMed - R-R-Ryan... + talked to on the phone - Ryan...again. Heh. + yelled at - I'm not good at yelling. I guess my trumpet section though. They have such A.D.D.... + fell in love with - Haven't been in love yet. So, we shall see. + tripped - Hahaha. I haven't ever tripped anyone, although...that does sound like fun... + turned down - Kath. I couldn't go to the pool yesterday. SECTION 7 [ PERSONAL ] + What do you want to be when you grow up? - I've been asked that question so much lately. I really don't know. I have ideas of what I want but, I don't know yet. + What was the worst day of your life? - The day my grandma was diagnosed with terminal cancer. + What is your most embarrassing story? - Well...that pole one is pretty far up there. We were walking downtown Naperville and we walked past this group of guys and they were like, "the girl in the pink is cute" and, I realized I was the only one wearing pink. It surprised me so much I almost walked into a pole and THAT surprised me so much that I almost walked into a second pole. + What has been the best day of your life? - Hmmm....I really don't know honestly. I've had some darn good days. + What comes first in your life? - Family + Do you have a boyfriend/girlfriend/crush? - Yeah..............the dots shall continue for a while.............. + If you had an extra set of eyes were would you put them? WHere would I put them? Back of my head, definitely. + What do you usually think about before you go to bed? People SECTION 8 [ FAVORITE . . .] + Movie: Clueless, Gone With the Wind, etc...I don't know though. The Day After Tomorrow is definitely up there, right MC? + Song: Somewhere over the rainbowwww.....actually, I don't really know. That's just what came into my head. I do love that song even if it's not favorite of all time. :) + Group: Honestly, I listen to such a vast array of music, I don't really know. + Store: Gap + Relative: Lauren because she's the only relative who reads this...but Lauren, tell Max he's my favorite. I guess Conor's ok too. He's definitely become a Miller, sad as it is. + Sport: Huh? What's that...? + Vacation Spot: Romeeeeee!!!! :) :) :) + Ice Cream Flavor: Chocolate + Fruit: Strawberries + Candy : Hm...I guess I'd say skittles. It depends on the day. Sometimes I like chocolate more. + Holiday: Christmas + Day of the Week: Friday + Color: Pink...or black. + Magazine: Time + Name fr a Girl: Genevieve + Name for a Boy: Hm...I don't know. Ryan says to say Ryan so...there you have it. Ryan. SECTION 9 [ DO YOU . . .] + Like to give hugs? - Yes. I LOVE hugs. + Like to walk in the rain? - I love that too. :) + Sleep with or without clothes on? - With. I'm just too afraid someone will walk in... + Prefer black or blue pens? - Whatever is available. Or whatever I can steal from people... + Dress up on Halloween? - Not for a while. I miss my cat costume. :( + Have a job? - Volunteering, yeah. + Like to travel? - I love it. + Like someone? - Ehhh.....hasn't this question been asked twice before? And twice before I was not responsive? + Sleep on your side, tummy or back? - Kind of depends...but generally on my side + Think you're attractive? - Hahahahahahahahaha. + Want to marry? - Yeah :) + Have a goldfish? - I have bad luck with fishes. I don't want to talk about it. + Ever have the falling dream? - Yeah, but usually it's not a full fledged dream. Usually it's like...during that short time between being woken up and being woken up ten minutes later for not waking up the first time. + Have stuffed animals? - Who doesn't? + Go on vacation? - All the time. SECTION 10 [ WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT . . .] + Abortion: I'm pro choice unless it's late term. + Bill Clinton: He should have chosen someone who wasn't going to blab. What a dummy. We all know they do it but you don't choose someone who's going to announce it to the world... + Eating Disorders: I can't really say what first came to mind. Tragic though. I think one person may know what I'm thinking. :( + Suicide: It's much more realistic and close than I thought until this past weekend. + Summer: Eh, it's ok. I'm not a fan of heat but, it's nice not to have school...oh wait...I do have school... + Tattoos: Eh, I'm not a big fan. I'd never get one. Too painful. + Piercing: Depends where the piercing is. + Make-up: Eh + Drinking: There's a lot I could say on this too. Heh, but for the most part...I pretty much try to stay out of other peoples business. they can do what they want. + Guys: I think they're too much trouble. And then I spend time with them...and the trouble seems worth it. Happy Ryan? :) + Girls: I'm actually not a fan of hanging out with girls. Most are too emotional and ehh...I don't know. Girls make big deals out of everything, but...I do have my few best friends who make the female population...including myself, haha, seem ok. SECTION 11 [ THIS OR THAT] + Pierced nose or tongue? - Tongue + Be serious or funny? - Funny + Single or taken? - Eh, depends... + Simple or Complicated? - Complicated + Law or anarchy? - Law + MTV or BET? - MTV + 7th Heaven or Dawson's Creek? - Never seen Dawson's Creek. + Sugar or salt? - Depends what I'm eating + Silver or gold? - Silver + Tongue or belly button ring? - Belly + Chocolate or flowers? - Chcolate...haha, even after my previous rant about chocolate... + Angels or miracles? - Miracles + Color or Black-and-white photos? - I'm a fan of black and white actually. + Sunrise or sunset? - Sunset definitely + M&M's or Skittles? - Skittles + Rap or Rock? - Eh, both I guess. + Stay up late or sleep in? - Stay up late!!! + TV or radio? - TV + Hot or cold? - Cold + Taller members of the opposite sex or shorter? - Taller + Sun or moon? - Moon + Diamond or Ruby? - Diamond + Left or Right? - Right + 10 acquaintances or one best friend? -One best friend + Vanilla or chocolate? - Chocolate + Kids or no kids? - No kids now but Kids later in life + Cat or dog? - Dog + Half-empty or Half-full? - Half full + Mustard or ketchup? - Ketchup + Newspaper or Magazine? - Newspaper. + Spring or Fall? - Fall + Give or receive? - Give + Rain or snow? - Hmmm....snow gets old after a while but so does rain. This is tough. I like both actually. :) + Lace or satin? - Satin... + A year of hot sex or a lifetime of friendship? - Lifetime of friendship...although the sex in appealing...wait, did I just say that? + Happy or sad? Gee, I just love to be sad....for this one...I choose sarcastic... + Corduroy or plaid? - Cordoroy + Wonder or amazement? - Amazement! :) + sneakers or sandals? - Sneakers...just because I can't be bothered to paint my toenails very often. + McDonald's or Burger King? - Depends on what you want to eat. + Mexican or Italian food? - Italian!!! + Lights on or off? - Off ;) + Duct tape or scotch tape? - Duct + Candy or soda? - Soda + A house in the woods or the city? - City...definitely! + Pepsi or Coke? - Coke + Nike or ADIDAS? - 'eh...either one. SECTION 12 [ OTHER QUESTIONS] + Do you go to church? - Yeah + Do you like church? - Yeah + Why or why not? - God's a cool guy...or girl...or hermaphrodite. However you look at it. + What's your favorite kind of tree? - Palm!!! + Out of all of your friends, who has the coolest house ? - TOM!!!! Definitely. But he's moving. :( + when you look at a person with lime green tights on, what's the first thing that comes to your head? - Did they get dressed in the dark... Wow, I can't believe I just sat here and did this thing. What a waste of 30 minutes of my life... :) And yet, I don't regret a minute of it.

 Hi-ho, hi-ho, it's off to shop I go... I haven't been to Oakbrook to shop in so long. I'm excited. :)

 Great day yesterday! I got the job volunteering at Marinjoy and they gave me my assignment which is SO much better than expected. A lot of the occupational and physical therapy positiobs are taken because of colllege students who need hours, but she somehow found time for me to work in pediatrics. So, I get to observe and help out in pediatrics.I mean, sometimes I wont be doing fun stuff. She said there might be some filing but, definitely not all the time so, I'm definitely excited. Anyway, last night I went out with Chris and Bryan for a bit. That was cool. Always a fun time with them. We played Uno Attack and I think they cheat because they won more than me. And anyone who wins more than me must be cheating. :) Well, summer school calls. I've been lacking in entries for a bit. Uh oh. So, I better keep up if I want to keep up with the great Mary Clare!

 I LOVE my new shoes. They make me happy. :) YaY for inanimate objects making me feel great.

 So, I'm feelin' pretty exhausted right now, but it's been a really good weekend. A weekend full of best friends, walks for important causes, family, and jousting. YaY jousting! My family and I of course went to Medieval Times as a sort of, belated father's day gift since my brother was out of town last weekend. It was fun, We were royalty and the yellow team. Fun, fun, fun. Our team didn't win though. Bummer! Oh well, still a fun day. I didn't get the shoes I wanted at the mall because I ended up not liking them but I got a different pair instead which I love. Diane and I are talking now and we're planning to go to Great America. I'm so excited! I haven't been there in forever!!! YES! :) And now, I must go do my homework. Heh. Sad....

 I'm 15 for a moment Caught in between 10 and 20 And I'm just dreaming Counting the ways to where you are I'm 22 for a moment She feels better than ever And we're on fire Making our way back from Mars 15, there's still time for you Time to buy and time to lose 15, there's never a wish better than this When you only got 100 years to live I'm 33 for a moment Still the man, but you see I'm a they A kid on the way A family on my mind I'm 45 for a moment The sea is high And I'm heading into a crisis Chasing the years of my life 15, there's still time for you Time to buy and time to lose yourself Within a morning star 15, I'm all right with you 15, there's never a wish better than this When you only got 100 years to live Half time goes by Suddenly you're wise Another blink of an eye 67 is gone The sun is getting high We're moving on... I'm 99 for a moment Dying for just another moment And I'm just dreaming Counting the ways to where you are 15, there's still time for you 22, I feel her too 33, you're on your way Every day's a new day... 15, there's still time for you Time to buy and time to choose Hey 15, there's never a wish better than this When you only got 100 years to live

 Diane, I saw them in Seventeen magazine and they're just a pair of tennis shoes but I like them and I think they're really cute. Unfortunately, I didn't get a chance to go get them today. After the trumpet sectional, which was really difficult to get through. Those kids have serious retention issues. It's dissapointing. It was stressful. Anyway, after that, I came home, ate some food since I was starving and decided I'd read my book since I didn't have anything to do for a bit. I read two paragraphs then fell asleep until 7:30. Hah. So much for reading. So, I woke up too late to go to the mall, but it was okay because I ended up going out with Chris instead. We've been trying to hang out for like, two weeks but neither of our schedules permit it. Crazy. That's ok. We hung out and it was fun. Matthew joined us as well. I was thinking today of all the funny stuff from last night too. Like Kath, MC and myself all cramming into a sleeping bag and sleeping together because it was so cold. Only girls can do that without it seeming odd. If guys did that, they'd be looked at like they were insane. Interesting. Well, it was a fun night and I wont forget it. I'm excited to do the walk again next year. :) Much Love. I'm out.

 It's amazing what you write or say when you think no one's paying attention...

 So, I found out some good news today. I think I may still have the chance to go up to Caseville. Yes! :) It wont be until August, but...at least I'll get to go. I'm excited. Well, I have to get going. I'm going miniature golfing with some friends and then going out to dinner. Fun times.

 It looks like spring and It feels like sunny weather But it's a cold day in July Ever since Great America, things have been going downhill the last few days. Thing have just all of a sudden gotten really confusing and complicated. I'm ok with confusing and complicated but, it's just so sudden. I don't know what to do right now. I'm just going to take things day by day and hope for the best. I've been thinking a lot of my grandma lately. This time two summers ago, I'd be up bringing her something or watching TV with her because she wasn't feeling well or I'd be sleeping on her incredibly comfortable couch... When I think about her I can remember so much. The smell of her house, the way she'd ALWAYS watch Jeopardy on Saturday afternoons, the way she'd wear those really, really ugly shoes, her beautiful smile and at the same time her innocent, "what, me?" smile, how she'd always call my house on Sunday nights. I'm just really missing her right now. I guess it's an odd time to miss her but, heh, I guess I can't control that. Things seem to be crashing all around me right now and there's absolutely no one to talk to about it. I miss having a best, best friend like Amanda. I think Chris might have been able to become that, but....we've kind of lost it. There's only one thing on his mind and I can see it in his eyes no matter how hard he tries. It's not his fault either. People grow apart and change. Peter's actually becoming someone I'm starting to confide in. It's taken me long enough. But, now that I'm finally really trusting him and starting to confide in him, he'll be leaving. Figures. I guess I've just got a lot on my mind right now. A lot's going on in my family life and...I don't even know how to begin talking to anyone about that.

 TWO roads diverged in a yellow wood, And sorry I could not travel both And be one traveler, long I stood And looked down one as far as I could To where it bent in the undergrowth; Then took the other, as just as fair, And having perhaps the better claim, Because it was grassy and wanted wear; Though as for that the passing there Had worn them really about the same, And both that morning equally lay In leaves no step had trodden black. Oh, I kept the first for another day! Yet knowing how way leads on to way, I doubted if I should ever come back. I shall be telling this with a sigh Somewhere ages and ages hence: Two roads diverged in a wood, and I I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.

 This is the bad part of summer. When I get a moment to sit down and think, I think of all the bad crap that's going on. I was having a great summer because I wasn't letting myself think at all. I was just doing stuff all the time. I'm trying to remain optimistic, but stuff sucks on so many different levels right now. Sometimes it's hard to see the glass half full. Heh. It's funny. Brett told me the other night to see the glass as 1/2 of it's capacity. That way, neither phrase really works. I wonder who even came up with that. Anyway, lots to do this afternoon. Then, I think I'm hanging out with Matthew and Chris tonight...maybe. I stayed up really late talking to Chris about the general suckyness of stuff right now. Most depressing conversation I've had in a while, but I needed it. I need to talk to Brandon too. I really miss him. I kind of just want to bypass senior year and go on to college and get away from this town and just start things over. Gee, if I feel like this when I'm not PMS'ing, what will next week be like?

 I know when he's been on your mind That distant look is in your eyes I thought with time you'd realize it's over, over It's not the way I choose to live And something somewhere's gotta give As sharing in this relationship gets older, older You know I'd fight for you but how could I fight someone who isn't even there I've had the rest of you now I want the best of you I don't care if that's not fair Cuz I want it all Or nothing at all There's nowhere left to fall When you reach the bottom it's now or never Is it all Or are we just friends Is this how it ends With a simple telephone call You leave me here with nothing at all There are time it seems to me I'm sharing you with memories I feel it in my heart but I don't show it , show it Then there's times you look at me As though I'm all that you could see Those times I don't believe it's right I know it , know it Don't make me promises baby you never did know how to keep them well I had the rest of you now I want the best of you it's time to show and tell Cuz I want it all Or nothing at all There's nowhere left to fall When you reach the bottom it's now or never Is it all Or are we just friends Is this how it ends With a simple telephone call You leave me here with nothing at all Cuz you and I Could lose it all if you've got no more room No more inside for me in your life Cuz I want it all Or Nothing at all There's nowhere left to fall It's now or never Is it all Or Nothing at all When you reach the bottom it's now or never Is it all Or are we just friends Is this how it ends With a simple telephone call You leave me here with nothing at all There's nowhere left to fall

 Oh yeah! One more thing, Kels burned me the Chicago CD! Instead of having that incessant Six Flags song in my head, I now have the Cell Block Tango in my head!! And now, the six merry murderesses of the cook county jail in their rendition of the cell block tango Pop, Six, Squish, Uh uh, Cicero, Lipschitz! Pop, Six, Squish, Uh uh, Cicero, Lipschitz! And now the six merry murderesses of the Crookem County Jail in their rendition of "The Cell Block Tago" Pop, Six, Squish, Uh uh, Cicero, Lipchitz! He had it coming He had it coming He only had himself to blame If you'd have been there If you'd have seen it I betcha you would have done the same! Pop, Six, Squish, Uh uh, Cicero, Lipschitz! You know how people Have these little habits That get you down. Like Bernie. Bernie like to chew gum. No, not chew. POP. So I came home this one day, And I am really irritated, and Looking for a little sympathy And there's Bernie layin' on the couch, drinkin' a beer and chewin'. No, not chewin'. Poppin'. So, I said to him, I said, "You pop that gum one more time..." and he did. So I took the shotgun off the wall and I fired two warning shots... ...into his head. He had it coming He had it coming He only had himself to blame If you'd have been there If you'd have heard it I betcha you would Have dome the same! I met Ezekiel Young from Salt Lake City about two years ago and he told me he was single and we hit it off right away. So, we started living together. He'd go to work, he'd come home, I'd fix him a drink, We'd have dinner. And then I found out, "Single" he told me? Single, my ass. Not only was he married ...oh, no, he had six wives. One of those Mormons, you know? So that night, when he came home, I fixed him his drink as usual. You know, some guys just can't hold their arsenic. He had it coming He had it coming He took a flower In its prime And then he used it And he abused it It was a murder But not a crime! Now, I'm standing in the kitchen carvin' up the chicken for dinner, minding my own business, and in storms my husband Wilbur, in a jealous rage. "You been screwin' the milkman," he says. He was crazy and he kept screamin', "you been screwin the milkman." And then he ran into my knife. He ran into my knife ten times! If you'd have been there If you'd have seen it I betcha you would have done the same! Mit kersek, en itt? Azt mondjok, hogy a hires lakem lefogta a ferjemet en meg lecsaptam a fejet. De nem igaz, en artatlan vagyok. Nem tudom mert mondja Uncle Sam hogy en tettem. probaltam a rendorsegen megmayarazni de nem ertettek meg... Yeah, but di you do it? UH UH, not guilty! My sister, Veronica and I had this double act and my husband, Charlie, used to travel round with us. Now, for the last number in our act, we did these 20 acrobatic tricks in a row One,two,three,four,five...splits, spread eagles, back flips,flip flops, one right after the other. So this one night before the show we're down at the hotel Cicero, the three of us,boozin', havin' a few laughs and we ran out of ice, so I go out to get some. I come back, open the door, and there's Veronica and Charlie doing Number Seventeen, the spread eagle. Well, I was in such a state of shock, I completely blacked out. I can't remember a thing. It wasn't until later, when I was washing the blood off my hands I even knew they were dead. They had it coming They had it coming They had it coming They had it coming They had it coming all along They had it coming all along I didn't do it She didn't do it But if I done it But if she done it How could you tell me that I was wrong? They had it coming They had it coming They had it coming They had it coming They had it coming They took a flower All along In its prime I didn't do it And then they used it But if I'd done it, How could you tell me that I was wrong? I loved Al Lipschitz more than I can possibly say. He was a real artistic guy... sensitive... a painter. But he was always trying to find himself. He'd go out every night looking for himself and on the way he found Ruth, Gladys, Rosemary and Irving. I guess you can say we broke up because of artistic differences. He saw himself as alive and I saw him dead. The dirty bum, bum, bum, bum, bum The dirty bum, bum, bum, bum, bum They had it comin' They had it comin' They had it comin' They had it comin' They had it comin' They had it comin' All along All along 'Cause if they used us 'Cause if they used us And they abused us And they abused us How could you tell us that we were wrong? He had it coming He had it coming He only had himself to blame. He only had himself to blame. If you'd have been there If you'd have been there If you'd have seen it If you'd have seen it I betcha you would have done the same! You pop that gum one more time! Single my ass. Ten times! Miert csukott Uncle Same bortonbe. Number seventeen-the spread eagle. Artistic differences. Pop, Six, Squish, Uh uh, Cicero, Lipschitz!

 So, wow. What an...interesting night. Big fight. Big, big, big. This is why I have my guy friends. I think it was all sort of blown out of proportion. On a lighter note, I spilled Cranbery juice alllll over Kel's carpet. I went up to her loft and dropped it down. It was GREAT. We made a whole crime scene thing. It was funny and I wrote on her floor upstairs where the new carpet will be put. I wrote, "Catie was here" and drew all sorts of things. Then, Brett, Jamal, and John all showed up. It was a really nice surprise. Brett had this soap in his car that...wow, it smelled sooo good. I think I'm addicted. Hah. They brought oreos too. Mmm. They're now my favorite people. It was fun...until there was sort of a big fight. I'm not going to go into it but...I don't know. I just wish girls were less melodramatic. However there was comic relief throughout the night when they brought the seats from Brett's van inside to sit on since all of Kel's furniture is gone. And, I'd like to write about my adventure with Mary Clare Sunday which, actually started the whole spat tonight. We went to see The Notebook, which was really, really good. It was cute. Sometimes I wish I lived in the 40's or 50's. Guys were so much more polite then. At least in movies. Then, we went out to the parking lot and we couldn't get MC's air conditioning to work and the windows wouldn't roll down!! It was terrible. We were so hot. So, we went to Colonial and we called her dad who came and told us we had the heat on to top it all! When we were driving, we were so hot we'd stop at lights and open the doors! People must've thought we were so weird. Haha. But yeah, we drove home and I walked in my house and I'm like...wow, it's warm. I asked my mom why it was so warm and she told me the air conditioner broke. I jusr thought it was kind of ironic. Anyway, I'm pretty tired and I have a lot to do tomorrow. I'm going to sleeeep. Good night all. P.S.-I'd just like to clarify how AWESOME yesterday was. :)

 Two things I hate about girls. I'm really super glad I'm not a guy and that I'm not a lesbian, because if I were, I'd probably have shot myself by now. 1. I hate, hate, HATE when girls take dvantage of guys. They use them. 2. I also hate when girls play with guy's minds. It's just really inconsiderate. OK, playing with guy's minds is ok sometimes. It's funny if it's a little bit, but if there's the potential for someone to get seriously hurt emotionally, it's not cool at all. Besides that, my day was excellent. Superb. It ended up being Diane, Kelly, Jessica, Alex, Matthew, and myself. it was super fun. I got to ride all the big coasters except Iron Wolf. We all kind of decided not to bother with that one. It was so crowded though. That was kind of a bummer but it was really fun nonetheless. We went on Raging Bull twice at the end of the night. the first time we got to the top and we're like, well, if we go in one of the middle cars, we can probably get through another time, so when we finished with the first ride on Raging Bull, we ran for the entrance and we made it. First row. Last ride of the night. It was excellent. Superman scared the living daylights out of me. I was so, SO scared. The thing I'm most scared about with coasters is that the harnesses will break and with Superman, all you have is the harness! So, so scary. Diane didn't help!!!! She liked watching me squirm. :) Haha. Anyway, it was a really, really fun day. However, I'm super, super tired right now and I really need to get some sleep. Good niiiight all. Oh yes...I also have the story of my adventures with Mary Clare at the movies yesterday. Wow...so much to still write about but no time...

 I'm SO excited for Great America tomorrow. It'll be Diane, Matthew, Bryan, Kelly, Alex, and myself. It'll be a blast. We're doing all the coasters and...ah! I'm just excited. Anyway, I have to go help my mommy do some stuff.

 OK, so I didn't go to sleep. I'm a liar. I'll pray for myself later. I heard this song on TV earlier. It brought me back to the good ol' days. You know our love was meant to be The kind of love that lasts forever And I want you here with me From tonight until the end of time You should know everywhere I go You're always on my mind, in my heart, in my soul Baby, you're the meaning in my life, you're the inspiration You bring feeling to my life You're the inspiration I wanna have you near me I wanna have you hear me say it No one seeds you more than I need you And I know that it's plain to see We're so in love when we're together Now I know that I need you here with me From tonight until the end of time You should know everywhere I go, you're always on my mind, in my heart, in my soul You're the meaning in my life You're the inspiration You bring feeling to my life You're the inspiration I wanna have you near me I wanna have you hear me say it No one needs you needs you more than I No one needs you more than I I wanna have you near me I wanna have you hear me say it No one needs you more than I need you You're the meaning in my life You're the inspiration, You bring feeling to my life You're the inspiration When you love somebody to the end of time When you love somebody, always on my mind No one needs you more than I When you love somebody to the end of time When you love somebody, always on my mind Ah, what an 80's song and yet...I sadly love it.

 Forty bucks for sitting and reading while eating other people's food. Not a bad gig. Not bad at all. I think I should become a professional babysitter. It'd be awesome. I talked to Bryan and Matthew on the phone too. Ah, fun times. I like babysitting when you can put in a movie then put them to bed shortly after. Good times. Tomorrow, I honestly don't know if I'll be doing anything. Maybe I'll go rent a movie and sit at home. I'd have the house to myself. It actually might be kind of nice. Must be off to bed now. Night kiddies.

 So, trumpet sectionals today. I can't say I'm looking forward to them because, heh, I'm defiitely most positively...not. Most of my section have serious problems concentrating and I just get so frustrated a lot. It was different when I was the one having a small conversation in the section. Heh. I'm feeling Peter's pain right now. Erica's really trying to help though and suggest some stuff and she's been a good role model for the entire section. So, thanks Erica. :) I appreciate it. Hmmm...what color mood am I in?

 So, I have to write this whole thing over again. I'm very angry right now at my internet connection,. Usually, I'd forget writing the whole thing again, but this is a rather important entry. Tonight was a lot of fun. It's odd though. I can have so much fun with people and the whole time, in the back of my mind, the fact that one of the people I'm with wont be in our little group in about five days permeates my mind. We had Tom's goodbye party at Chili's. There were twelve of us. Tom, Manmeet, (I didn't know him at all) Mary Clare, Stephen, Chen, Chang, Kelly, Amit, Roger, Jeremy, Kathryn and me. It was a big table. Heh. It was ironic too. While we were waiting to get our table, my brother came in with his friends. Out of all the times and all the places, I saw them. Interesting. Well, welcome home for the weekend Chip. Hah. Dinner was a lot of fun. Just good conversation and good food. It was pretty funny at the end while we were trying to pay the bill and we couldn't figure it out. Heh. It took us a while, but that's ok. It was funny. Oh, another funny thing from dinner. Roger was ordering Cajun chicken...except he said the j and u like you would in Spanish, so it sounded like "cahoon." And then Stephen goes..."you mean...Cajun??" Haha. Funniest thing I've heard in a long time. Then, because Jeremy gave Tom fireworks as a gift, we all went to Tom's house to see if we could shoot them off, but then we realized that even though Tom's house and land plot are huge, he has a ton of trees, and the treeless area is his neighbor's area. Boo. So, of course, where do we go? MG. Where do we always go? Hah. Meadow Glens is becoming like a second home to me. Sad...really. So, we sat around there for a while trying to figure out what to do and we notice this empty beer case sitting on the sidewalk and we're just like, "we'll just leave it alone. It's not ours." So, we did and of course, who comes to see us? Cops. An undercover cop came by and was like, "is that yours?" And of course we're all like, "No, no!" And so, we just told him we were talking and stuff and he said ok and let us hang out. Cool cop. And, as he was leaving, Jeremy goes, "Bye Mr. Pavlicek." I guess he knew him somehow. It was just funny. Mr. Pavlicek said bye to Jeremy too. Heh, of all the cops to come across us. Chris' dad. Funny, funny times. And so, we were all getting eaten by bugs and we all were a little cold, so we made a fort with the minivans. We backed them all together and had the trunks&nbsp;up so it made a little tent. It was super cool. I'll have to put a picture in here when MC gets them developed. So, we just sat and chatted and told fun stories. It's sad knowing tonight was the last time I'll see Tom. Although he did embarrass me at times (like the last time we were at Meadow Glens) I'm still going to miss him a ton and think how much hed add if he were here. It's funny though, I wont remember the big embarrassments or the arguments Ive had in high school. What I'll remember is the summers spent with my friends sitting in the back of a few minivans in the Meadow Glens parking lot. Ill remember the three hour time spans spent sitting around trying to figure out what were going to do while constantly veering off topic. I'll remember the little things. The things that make it impossible to forget my friends. Amazing how watching a terrible movie or stalking boys can get me through supposedly one of the toughest times in my life. Its too bad it takes a friend moving away to make me realize how precious the time I spend with my friends is. I hope Tom has a great time in Texas and I hope he doesn't forget us, because I know I wont ever forget him. "Truly great friends are hard to find, difficult to leave, and impossible to forget."

 I was just thinking of someone. Someone I know who I used to be able to talk about all the crazy stuff going on in my life. She was ALWAYS there for me no matter what during junior high. She was there for me with the whole Ryan thing. She was there for me that awful day that that man tried to get me in his car and she was there when I needed to talk about family problems. I miss her, but she's moved away. She moved to Ohio and she's back in IL now, but...not close enough to spend time with. I think we've probably grown apart by now anyway, but I miss her. and the way she was always, no matter what, there for me. She was one of the truest friends I ever had. I know she doesn't read this, but thanks Christy. You were a great friend.

 OK, this is like, the coolest thing ever. I can't believe blogger's getting so sophisticated. I LOVE IT! I love blogger, but I used to be sort of bummed that it didn't have as many features as other diary log things did. So, now I can write in multiple colors. How fun is that? Anyway, what I really want to write about is this weird dream I had. I dreamt that I went to go visit Carson's college with someone. I don't remember with whom or why, but i did. And so, I wanted to talk to Carson of course and I found her sitting on this jungle gym...at her college. She was sitting inside one of those little protective tunnel things with a group of friends. And, when I went up to see her, she stopped talking when I went up there and urged all her friends to stop talking too. I wondered why this was until I started to leave, feeling a bit dejected and dissipated. But, on my way down from this jungle gym, I heard them all arguing like my group of friends used to constantly do in junior high. It made me feel bad for her, but at the same time, I felt in my heart that it was probably her doing. I don't know, this dream just really reminded me of junior high times and even today's times somewhat with my little group of friends. It made me hope to God that that isn't the kind of group I'll be with for the rest of my life. Don't get me wrong. I love my friends to death and I wouldn't change them but, less arguing over inconsequential things (this is really being directed toward my junior high days more than high school) would have been nice. I just thought it was an interesting reflective dream for me. I'm excited to go out to dinner tonight, but at the same time sad. Another potentially good friend lost. It makes me sad. Well, happy dreaming everyone. Much Love ~ XOXO :)

 So, Tom's leaving super soon. It makes me really, really sad. I mean, I wasn't best friends with him or anything but I was starting to get to know him better. I hope he has a great time in Texas although he'll be missed a whole lot around here.

 So...good mood...to the MAX! Haha. It's funny considering I have a little story to tell. Once upon a time, there lived a girl named Zatie. She lived in this small town filled with lots of stupid people, Paperville, Stillinois. She was driving home from summer school one day when the person in front of her abruptly slammed on their breaks. Then, Zatie also slammed on her breaks in order to not hit the person in front of her. And so, the fine yung gentleman behind her tried to slam on his breaks, but his breaks did not work fast enough. Sad. So, the young man hit Zatie's car. They had to call the police and file a report and Zatie's cute little car was hurt. :( So was the young man's. The young man was very polite though and made sure Zatie was ok and gave her a hug. What a nice young man. And so, unfortunately, it wasn't really anyone's fault, except for the person in front of Zatie, or perhaps the person in front of that person for slamming on their breaks. Luckily, since it was not Zatie's fault, she does not have to pay the bill. Names have been changed to protect the integrity of the drivers. OK, so, fine, it was me. This kid behind me, another kid coming from summer school, slammed into the back of my car. It wasn't pleasant. He was really polite though and we exchanged information and whatnot. Sad though. It wasn't really either of our faults and yet, he has to pay because it's technically his fault. The rest of my day was much better than the first half. I went to my trumpet lesson and then I went to MC's house to watch a movie with...well, a lot of people. MC, Kelly, Brett, Jamal, John, Chang, Roger, Tom, Stephen and...i think that may have been it actually...amazingly. So, we watched the Secret Window. I came like halfway into it. I wasn't too impressed with the half that I saw. Then, we all went home and I went out again at first with Bryan and Matthew. Then, Matthew had to go home and Bryan and I hung out. So, very fun evening in all. I worked out today too, which I haven't done in so long. It actually felt pretty good. Anyway, I must be off to sleep. I wouldn't want to stay up any longer and find out bad news or something and have it ruin my good night. Night kiddies.

 I had a great night bowling with Diane, Bryan, Scott, Alex, and Katharine and then going to the park but...for some reason and I guess I know why, I'm in a really bad mood. There are so many things it could be though. I'm just so generally in a bad mood right now. I don't even want to write. Maybe tomorrow.

 So, I have a few rather random asinine things to say right now. First, I'd like to express the sympathy I have right now for my mother who is in a car with someone she hates (she works with him) and she'll be there for the better part of seven hours. Ugh. I'd HATE to be in her position right now. It'd just mortify me to be in a car with someone I hated, much less someone I even truly liked for seven hours. I'm not exactly a roadtrip kind of gal. Second, I was at the gas station filling up my tank (which, took forever might I add. Slowest pump ever) when this little other VW bug, the same color as mine, pulled into the spot behind me. I thought it was rather humorous. And lastly, I was watching the news last night and they got to the the part where they talk about the tril of Scott Peterson. (They always do.) Come on people. Get over it. This is such a publicity stunt it amazes even me. Do you realize how often women are killed by their husbands because they don't want to deal with their wives anymore when they want to be in another relationship? This is just so ridiculous. I'm sorry if it's heartless, but honestly, II don't care about the trial. Stick him in jail. Set him free. I don't give a hoot. Just stop telling me about it. And that's my little rant for the day. I think three random things should suit well for right now. I do however have one thing to add that I forgot last night. I do contest that it is simply abominable to be so vexed for a fortnight. God, I love our book club.

 So, just finished with the book club for Pride and Prejudice and, I do sadly say that I was the only one who truly enjoyed the book. Oh well. Such is life. At least I got to read a book that I found to be truly splendid. We didn't get through the whole movie unfortunately, as it is six hours long...without commercials. I think it was meant for a mini series on A&E. However, I did enjoy the first half thoroughly and intend to rent the movie as soon as possible to watch the last half. Anyway, it was a very nice meeting even if no one else enjoyed the book as much as I. Emily had a wonderful dinner and it was just a lot of fun. We haven't decided on our next book yet. Things are going alright for the most part right now. There are unfortunate circumstances in certain things, but those wont be talked of in here. Well, I'm off to....I'm not sure what. I'll figure it out once I start doing whatever it is I am to do.

 So, I just finished watching the movie, Pay It Forward. I was going to go to sleep while watching a movie but, then I ended up watching it too closely. It's one of my favorite movies but it always depresses me SO much. Depresses, but at the same time sort of inspires. It's so ironic that the one person who tries and tries to do good for the world, ends up dead. That's what makes me sad. It makes me think of how crappy the good people in this world are treated. If you want to get ahead in life, basically you have to be an ass. I mean, look at all the CEO's of big companies. It really depresses me sometimes. It's funny. Most of the time you watch those movies and are determined to do good (yes, I do realize the improper grammar) and you think that way for a bit but it slowly tapers off. I think I need to make like...a little sign that just says, "Pay It Forward." Then, maybe, I'll remember and keep the determination to do something nice for somebody. Anyway, I'm tired and, kind of sad, so I guess I'll go sleep. Maybe I'll read more of Pride and Prejudice first. I actually love the book so far. I think I'll be the only one at the book club on Monday who enjoyed the book. Heh. Much love.

 So, really, quite a good day. I definitely did more than expected. As I just told a friend, a perfectly splendid day. I went mini-golfing with friends and actually won with a 53....oh yeah. That's right baby. However, I did only win by two strokes. Then, we went to Noodles to have some...noodles, as Mary Clare put it so elequently. I made sure to call Peter and wish him a happy birthday and then, I went out with Bryan. Very fun times. We went to Cookie Dough Creations and walked around a bit and...just a good fun time. We definitely had some interesting conversations. :) And now...I have to get going.. People to do, things to see. Wait, reverse that. Lots of love.

 Good morning world. Um, yay for going to sleep at 3:30 in the morning and waking up now to go on my college visit. Good times. Good times indeed.

 So, today was pretty fun. Last day of summer school over. I was going to hang out with Peter, but didn't end up doing that so, I went out with Matthew and Christopher. It was lots of fun. Then, I came home and talked to Matthew on the phone for like...2, maybe 2 and a half hours. It was fun but now I'm really tired and i'm visiting De Paul tomorrow. Night Kids.

 I was just thinking. In High school...there always seems to be that person for people that they always go back to liking....or really, really, really like a lot. It's funny. It feels like you'll always remember that person even if you weren't best friends with them and probably wont talk to them after college but you'll still remember them anyway and think really fondly of them.

 Haha, I totally forgot until I read this message that Peter left me. Today I got measured for a dress for Wind Ensemble. Anyone care to shoot me? The top two bands have to have matching dresses. Dangiit. 90 bucks for a dress I'll wear only a few times. Boo. And, oh yes. I forgot until I read Diane's blog!!!! Wednesday, at Six Flags...we're gonne be big pimpin' baby... It's big pimpin baby.. It's big pimpin, spendin G's

 So, long day, but very fun. Well....ok, parts were fun. I ditched summer school (as previously mentioned) and went out to lunch with the gang. It was fun. I'll miss Kathryn. She's a good kid. Plus, Ke'ls going away for a few days. Bummer to the max. Plus, Bryan's leaving Sunday for like, a week. NO GOOD! :( Oh well. After that, I went to my trumpet lesson which was ok. Not too bad. I ad to drive home in the rain though on the expressway. I was honestly scared out of my mind. *Shudder* Oh well. Then, I came home, hung out for a while and then went out with Diane to get some Starbucks and chat. Then, we went to Matthew's work and annoyed him until he got off and we went to Diane's house. Fun, fun times indeed. Then, Matthew had to be home so I had him drive me too. We spent like, 20 minutes just talking though. It was nice. I haven't been alone with him in a while and it was just nice being around him. Super fun. :) Then, I came home, expecting to write in here and go to bed...only to get a call from Bryan ten minutes later. So, Bryan and I went to hang out for about an hour and a half. Wow, I spent time with a whole lot of different people today. Crazy. Plus...PETER'S HOME!!!!!!! I'm so happy. I've actually really missed talking to him. What will I do when he goes to college? Anyway, I must be off to bed now...night kiddies. XOXO

 Well, good morning everyone...good late morning, but good morning nonetheless. I skipped summer school today seeing as we don't have a final and we don't have anything to do. And, I had one more day that I could take off. Wheee! I'm going to lunch today with Kathryn and them because it's Kathryn's last day before she leaves for camp for three weeks. Bummer!! The Great America thing for next week is totally working out. So far it's Diane, Alex, Scott, Matthew, and me. Chri said he'd really try, which is awesome of him and we invited Peter too, but I'm not sure when he'll be back from his family reunion. I hope he can come. It'd be good to spend some time with him before he goes off to college. Anyway, I must be off. Lots to do. :)

 This is my cousin's band. They don't suck actually. I know it's surprising. A high school band not sucking. Amazing, huh? urlLink This is their website! Go check it out! And, the band's dog. Can't forget Bowser. AND...this is Aiden...

 I could almost kiss the stars, they're shining so bright. Tonight was fantastic! I haven't had so much fun in a long looong time! It was so amazing seeing David again. I thought it would be awkward, but it was as if nothing had changed at all. He still remembers all the embarassing stuff Kelly and I did so, he has blackmail... That's the only problem with knowing people for so long. they know you as much as you know yourself. It's kind of nice having people like that. Like Kelly. I love being with Kelly. When things are looking down and I hang out with her, just...spending time with her makes me happy. It reminds me of being a kid. No worries. None at all. I have so much fun every time and with David...I feel the same. I love the kid more than I love myself...and that's a heck of a lot. :) Heh. I miss him. It's tough having him all the way in Georgia, but it's ok. After two years, we still see each other when he comes around, which really solidifies my belief that I'll never lose him as a friend. He's a lifelong buddy. He'll be there for the long haul. I can't honestly say that for many of my other friends. I just can't get over how carefree and happy I was just being with him. Well, enough of that. It was also great seeing Nikki. We don't hang out too much anymore, but it's always fun when we do. We always have a good time no matter what. Well, I have nothing more to write right now. On the way home with Kelly, the song, "What a Wonderful World," came on the radio and I was quietly singing it to myself thinking...maybe the world's not perfectly wonderful, but the people I spend with in it are.

 OK, so, I wanted to change the little picture on the side of my page to Laa Laa, the yellow telletubby. So, I go to google and type in, "pictures of telletubbies." And so, I find the picture I want, not even bothering to look at what website it is, then when I go to copy the location on here, it says it's from transexuals.org... Interesting. Well, that wont stop me from using a perfectly good picture. However, it does make me wonder why a transexual site that's probably clearly popular, what with having an easy domain name to remember, has a section on telletubbies. I do understand the great debate over Tinky Winky, but really...I don't know. That's a little weird, even for me. But, anyway, I was looking at some of the pictures and, I realized how long it's been since I watched the show. Look at this place. Who wouldn't want to live there? And, you get more than the nice land, you get the dictator baby face as a sun!

 Shake it like a salt shaka'. It's funny. the one night I didn't stay up until three in the morning, I wake up late the next morning. Silly me. Silly, silly me. I was so tired last night after shopping with my mom for the day. It was awesome. I got to go to Woodfield so, I got to go to Forever XXI and HM . I was excited. :) I got lots of stuff too. I got a dress....like a regular dress that I'll ahve to wear sometime. I like it a lot even though it is a dress. Today, I woke up late for summer school and like, ran out the door. I didn't even get to shower. I HATE that. I hate waking up and not being able to take a shower. Ms. St. Vincent brought in her dogs so, it was a party. Lots of fun. My paper was acceptable so, I don't have to write it again. I'm glad she graded them like that because if she hadn't, that'd definitely be a D paper. Heh...oh well. That's the hard work of 45 minutes of writing and playing Snood...ahem.... Anyway, tonight I get to see DAVID!!!! I'm super excited. He's one of my life long buddies. I've been friends with him for like, 16 years. We were diaper buddies along with Kelly. :) Now, if I could just get in touch with Nick, my old naptime buddy, I'd be set for friends I've had since I was born basically! We're going bowling with Kelly.....the three diaper amigos. And then, I think a bunch of other people are coming too since this is his last night in town. Bummer. So, yeah. It should be fun times. I'm hoping Carson's there and I'll get a chance to see her too. Nikki's coming as well, so it'll be nice to hang out with her since we don't get to hang out so much anymore. Diane and I have set a day for Six Flags. Wednesday the 28th. YaY! I'm excited. I'm happy I finally found someone who loves roller coasters as much as I do. Whoooo.... Well, I'm off. I need to get my mom's birthday present. :)

 So, Matthew and I showed up at Diane's house tonight and we called her cell phone and we were like, "look out your window." It was funny. I really wanted to surprise her with some guests and I just thought it would be fun. At first I felt bad, like I was inconveniencing them but Diane seemed to appreciate our little ambush. We watched parts of Jackass again because Matthew hadn't seen it yet. Ah, I loved the foghorn part....again. I can't get enough of that foghorn.

 Bryan brought Pierre back to me!!!!! YaY Bryan!!!! He's my hero now. And he even put Pierre's language setting back to French. What a guy, huh? I'm so happy to have him back. I mean...not that I gave him a hug when I walked in my door or anything...ahem....anyway, I must be off. I'm hanging out with Matthew. YaY! :)

 So, I feel really uncomfortable without Pierre (my cell phone.) I don't like not having him when I'm driving or when I'm out and whatnot. I'm thinking of going to Bryan's house to get it, but I'm also thinking I'm too lazy to do that. I might just wait until I see him next, which will probably be in the next few days. I've seen him a lot this summer. Too much if you ask me. jk, jk, lol...oh how I hate that phrase. That whole last sentence there was definitely meant to make Bryan annoyed. :) I'm not quite sure what to do with my day yet. I know I need to do my paper but, I don't know. It would feel weird doing the paper before 10:00 tonight. It'd seem so...unnaturual... I really have nothing else to say right now. Maybe I'll come back with an interesting thought or anecdote, but in all likelihood...I wont. Peace. Hm, I was just thinking after I wrote, "peace," that that's a very Peter thing to say. I miss him, strange as that is... So, I don't have Peter or even my cell phone who's the french peter. Aw, I miss Peter and Pierre. Bummer. :(

 Tonight was fun. I went to Diane's house with Bryan, Scott and Katharine. We rented the movie Jackass. I have to say, as stupid as I thought the show was, the movie was pretty funny. I lauged a lot. I'd have to say my favorite part is when the guy keeps blowing the foghorn. Funny stuff I tell ya, funny stuff. :) I'm glad Diane wasn't alone on her 18th birthday either. That would have been a bummer! Plus...she got to laugh a little. YaY laughing! And now I get to go do the homework I've been avoiding doing. Heh. Fun times.

 I was just reading some of my comments for this blog and I was reading one of Joannes and I realized she's coming home really soon...compared to how long she's been gone. I'm really, really excited. I think it'll be great to have her back. My sarcastic buddy...how I've missed her. Well, I'm off to go watch a movie at Diane's. Have a lovely evening kids.

 The answer is blowin' in the wind...

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY DIANE!!! So, one of my really good friends, Diane, is 18 today. She had her party last night and it was super fun. Before the party, Katharine and I went to the mall to get her a present. We had no clue what to get her, but we found what we wanted to get her within like, the first ten minutes. We got her ths tinkerbell lunchbox from the disney store because we know she likes tinkerbell. :) Then we got her these dirty playing cards from Spencers since it is her 18th birthday. They had these naked men on them....holy crap.....they were so good looking. Then we just filled the lunch box with some candy and the cards and stuff. We made her the coolest card ever too. I made a heart with antlers and it was funny because we couldn't find glue, so it looked like a five year old made the card. Fun, fun times though. Really. At Diane's house we just hung around for a while. Then, Jim, Stephen, and Cameron, and Ryan (who I was really shocked to see since I hadn't seen him since gym class) showed up. We knew they were there because Jim played his horn. Man, it's the FUNNIEST thing ever. I love it. So, they brought this game they made, bean bags. I'd never played it before, but it's super fun. I was surprised. We had a massive tournament. Fun times. Then, we had Diane's AWESOMELY GOOD cake. It was so good. I liked it a LOT! Then, I played a game of euchre with Scott, Bryan and Chris. Scott was my partner and we kicked butt. 10 to 2. We won. They claim it's because I had good hands and...well, I suppose I did. Hah. But, we still rocked them so, it was fun. Then, Diane opened her presents and people started to leave. So, we just hung around the table. Talking and having a good time. We played this interesting game that probably would have been more fun had I not been tired. I was SO tired by the end of the night. It was crazy. Probably because the night before last, I went to bed at 5 in the morning and woke up at 9. Ugh....that wasn't cool. Well, I'm off to go read or something.

 OK, so, no Village. Bummer, definitely, but that's alright. I mean, these things happen. I'm sure I'll see it at some other time. I got pictures of the new baby too! My cousin had a baby...and, because we hate all those stupid distant relative things, Lauren said I could just be Aunt Catie. Hah. I can't wait to go see her!! Sophia Katharine! This is her with my cousin Chris and his wife Erin. :) I also have pictures from Great America and other random times that I borrowed from Diane. This is my dear Fiance Matthew....A.K.A., Cookie Monster... I think Matthew may be cheating on me with the Cookie Monster... How DOES he do that??? What a crazy trick!!! Haha...creepy pedophile Alex!!! YaY Daffy! It took us a while to get this picture. The kids around us kept running up to him. Like on Wednesday when those two little girls totally schooled Matthew and stole his car. Diane totally had a thing for Mr. Six. We didn't force her to do this at all..........but...hey, look how happy he looks!! Well, I just got home from doing a bunch of stuff. I started doing this at like 8:00 and then...I got a call that saved me from an evening of boredome. Matthew and Jim called me and we hung out for a while and then Matthew had to go home, so I came home and was walking up my stairs and my mom was like, "So, are you in for the night now?" And I told her, "Well, I am if no one else calls." And...just as I said that, my phone rang and it was Diane!! We went to downtown Naperville to bring Evan a shake from Steak 'N Shake and we sat on the riverwalk for a while waiting for him. It was fun. We talked lots. It was just a really fun evening and looking at all these pictures makes me really happy. I absolutely love all my friends. They're always there for me and they make high school so much better. I might actually be able to look back and say this was one of the best times of my life. That's saying a lot. Well, I'm off to sleep. I have senior pictures tomorrow. Nighty night kiddies. :)

 Today was good. For the first time, I truly felt that our trumpet sectional went well. It was really, really productive. Tonight, I think I'm going to go see The Village with the clan. I was going to go with Jim and Matthew and Diane and them, but I had the sectional...so, nope. Oh well. It's cool. I wanted to spend time with Kels and MC and stephen and all them before they leave this weekend. I'm listening to this song that MC and Kels were telling me about and I love it. It's sad, but I really, really do like it. There's a man Standing on the corner with a sign saying, "Will work for food" You know the man, you see him every morning The one you never give your money to You can sit there with your window rolled up Wonderin' when the light's gonna turn green Never knowin' what a couple more bucks in his pocket might mean What if he's an angel Sent here from heaven And he's makin' certain that you're doin' your best to take the time To help one another Brother, are you gonna pass that test? You can go on with your day to day Tryin' to forget what you saw in his face Knowing deep down, it could have been his saving grace What if he's an angel? There's a man and there's a woman living right above you in apartment G There's a lot of noise coming through the ceiling and it don't sound like harmony You can sit there with your tv turned up, while the words and his anger fly But come tomorrow when you saee her with her shades on, can you look her in the eye? What if she's an angel Sent here from heaven And she's makin' certain that you're doin your best To take the time to help one another Brother, are you gonna pass that test? You can go on with your day to day Tryin' to forget what you saw in her face Knowing deep down it could have been her saving grace What if she's an angel? A little girl on daddy's lap Hidin' her disease with a baseball cap You can turn the channel, most people do But, what if you were sittin in her daddy's shoes? Maybe she's an angel Sent here from heaven And she's makin certain that you're doin your best To take the time to help one another Brother, are you gonna pass that tes? You can go on with your day to day Tryin' to forget what you saw in her face Knowing deep down, it could have been her saving grace What if she's an angel?

 Well, tonight was a lot of fun.I just hung out with the clan...or what's left of the clan. Jer's on vacation, Kath's at Work Crew, and Chen is also away. Amit's leaving tomorrow and MC, Stephen AND Kels are leaving this weekend. I will be stuck without the clan for a week. BUMMER!!! But, that's ok. It's not like I don't have other friends I've been spending time with. Matthew will be gone too. :( so many people will be gone. It's terrible. But, oh well. Tonight, e just went to the MGPPL (Meadow Glen's Park Parking Lot.) We're exciting kids, aren't we? But, after that, we went to Colonial to get some ice cream. Fun times. And, tomorrow night, I must do something with them since they're all going out of town. Sunday, Carson invited me to go see the drum corps show with the Cavies!!! I'm so excited! YaY Cavies! So, I'll get to hang with Carson and see the Cavies. SWEET.

 I just talked to MC on the phone for a bit. I've had some very good phone conversations lately even though I'm not a big fan of the thing. I had a good conversation with Kenny the other day for quite some time. Very odd but fun. Then, I had a pretty good talk with Peter. Amazing. We both hate phones but somehow managed to have a nice talk. Well, I'm off to the MG with MC and Kels.

 Well, ok, busy last few days. Definitely. Fun though. Tuesday evening I had a sectional, which royally sucked. I was so aggravated and...I just eneded up ending it early because I was so frustrated. I talked to Erica and Peter for a bit afterward and then came home. They cheered me up a bit, definitely. Then, yesterday was Six Flags of course. That was a ton of fun. On the way to Diane's house, Alex pulled into a driveway to turn around, but it was on Wherli and the street was super busy and you couldn't really see. the cars from the drivers seat, so Matthew was telling him when to go and stuff and when we finally almost went, Matthew goes, "Go after this SUV...no, not this one, this one. FU**IN' GO NAVSKI!!!" Ah, it toally made my day and it was only 7:45 in the morning. W etotally peeled backward out of the driveway. Six Flags was awesome too of course. We got on all the rides we wanted to. It wasn't nwarly as crowded as last time. I didn't feel very well for part of the day, but it was fine. Then, in the line for Raging Bull (the first time) Alex found this ring on the ground and Matthew was like, "oh, give it to me." And...he proposed to me. Haha. So, now I'm engaged. Good times. My engagement ring is a nice elastic five dollar ring. At least it's not from a cracker jack box. :) And, oh gosh. I've never loved teacups as much as I did yesterday. It was amazing. Matthew and Alex spun us SO super fast. It was insane. "the g forces!!!!! I feel like I'm having a baby!!!!" Haha. Fun, FUN times. And of course, we went on Raging Bull as the last part of the day. That's becoming tradition. Last ride of the day, front row. It was awesome. Matthew brought a pretzel up. Haha. It was crazy, when we started to go down, he held it out and it like...hovered for a second or two and then flew up and off. It was crazy. Then, unfortunately comes the worst part of the day. On our way out, there were a few lanes of traffic leaving and then one lane for incoming traffic. Well, there was a car going through the incoming traffic and, of course it was going faster than the rest because there wasn't nearly as much incoming traffic. Well, we all heard this big boom. We seriously thought it was a fender bender. And, we heard all these people screaming and yelling, and we didn't understand at first, but as we got farther up, we saw that it wasn't another car that the first car hit. It was a person or people. We weren't sure how many people the car hit. At least seven police cars came, two ambulances, and a fire truck. I just...couldn't believe that a car hitting a person could make a sound like that. It just wont get out of my head. I just keep hearing it. It sounded like when the guy rear ended me a few weeks ago. That's not a sound a car should make when hitting a person. I'm looking around in the newspapers trying to find information about it, but I've been unsuccessful so far. It was just....such a shock. None of us knew what to do. We wanted to help somehow, but we knew we couldn't. We went to Steak 'N Shake, but I wasn't really all that hungry after that. So, I said a prayer for all the people involved. It's just that sound keeps reverberating in my head. And, as we were driving by, the sound of that woman screaming and crying, "I was going so slow, I was going so slow!!!" It honestly just brings me to tears. But, life must go on. I feel bad for going on with my life when someone else may have died. It's just an awful thought. I guess I have to though. I mean, it does no good for me to sit and dwell about it. All I can do is pray for all parties involved. Today, I went and...well, I was a rebel. Diane knows what I'm talking about. :) It actually wasn't bad at all. I'm happy. And, I talked to Carson FINALLY! :) It was super. She told me about an old jr. high teacher that's being investigated for sexual harassment of some sort I guess. I'm not surprised. She was even questioned. I might be too. I'm scared. the one time I was questioned by a police officer scared the heck out of me, but I was only in sixth grade. I'm sure I could handle being questioned by the superintendant...TP. It's just weird to think that he's finally being investigated. We all kind of thought he was creepy, but...yeah. It's sscary to think it's actually happening now. Well, I've written enough for now, and I need to go out with friends...or something. I need some fun :) Woo. Later days.

 Hehehehehe. I just got home from going out with Christopher. Super fun night. He made me feel much better than I was. It was totally like old times. I feel so sneaky even though I didn't sneak out. Just coming home this late feels sneaky! Hehehehehehehe. Night kiddies.

 Tonight was fun. I finally got to hang out with Mary Clare. The clan came and picked me up and we went to the video store only to decide that we really didn't want anything, so we went downtown Naperville for a bit. It was good times. Then, I felt bad for not going out with Matthew as I said I would, so I went out with him and Chris for about an hour. And, I can't believe I'm still up. I need sleep but, Chris wants to sneak out, so I'm going to take a walk with him. It shall be fun. Today was pretty bad other than that though. It's not great being blamed for something that isn't your fault ever. It just made me very angry. However a good friend of mine said tthat I have a terrific laugh. It made me really happy because he seemed so sincere about it. Just him saying that one thing to me made my day a ton better. But anyway, it's sad. I wont get to see the clan for so long. :( Maybe they can pick me up from my sectional tomorrow night. Plus, I want to go see Mary Clare and Stephen while they're working. Maybe the clan can take them out to lunch. For those of you who don't know, the clan consists of Stephen, MC, Tom (even though he has since left) Jeremy, Chen, Amit, Roger, Kels, Kath, and myself. It's a good clan. It was really the boys to begin with, but Kels, Kath, MC, and myself have kind of....pushed our way into it. :)

 This summer has really been going by fast. I don't even know where the time went! I mean, summer school was six weeks long, but it went by so fast. It was like I went for a week or something. Awesome. What isn't awesome though, is the fact that summer is coming to a close much faster than expected. I still need to hang out with a few people more before they go away to college and I still want to do so much more. I almost wish I hadn't done the section leader thing for marching band because, it's creating a lot of problems. It's just really stressful. I don't like it as much as I thought I would. I hate when that happens. When you have such high expectations for something and it just turns out completely different than you thought. I guess I'm not just talking about the section leader thing but just things in general. I think maybe I should make it a general rule to have low expectations. That way, I'm almost always pleased with what I get. Pessimistic? Yes, yes it is. But, that's ok. That glass has to be half empty at some point.

 I don't think very many people realize how beautiful it is to wake up late and NOT have summer school!!! It's just...brilliant, absolutely brilliant!

 So, I was thinking today that it rocks that Diane and I are becomign much, much better friends this summer. We've been hanging out so much lately and it's a ton of fun every time we get together. It's always a party. Plus...she loves Six Flags, which I do too. That's always nice! Heh. Anyway, I'm off to probably sleep. Mary Clare....please say you can do something sometime soon. I haven't seen you in too long. :(

 So...yeah, awesome day...totally. Really long, but awesome nonetheless. It began nicely and ended perfectly. I went to De Paul today to visit and see the campus and stuff and I actually really, really like it. I like the campus and the surrounding area, which is where I'll be living. YaY Lincoln Park. So, that was fun. Then, my mom and I went shopping on Michigan Avenue....always fun! YaY Then, my brother and I took my mom out for her birthday dinner and gave her the gift we got her! It was fun! Super fun. Then, I came home, went to Bryans for a while, came home and talked to Chris on the phone for a long time. We haven't done that in forever. I guess I'm not surprised since Kristen's gone for two weeks. You take what you can get, right? So, it was just nice talking with him like we used to do in the old days. Hah. So, my day began and ended very well and the in between stuff rocked. But now, I'm super tired. and must retire to my chambers. Hah. I've always wanted to say that. Night Kids.

 Some days this song just sticks in my head and it wont leave. Some days I wish things were different even though I really love and appreciate my life here. Some days I just feel like I need to run away for a few days and everything will be better. Then, some days, I realize that I can't do any of those things and I bear it and grin and keep this song in my head. Somewhere over the r a i n b o w Way up high There's a land that I heard of Once in a lullaby Somewhere over the r a i n b o w Skies are blue There, the dreams that you dare to dream Really do come true Some day I'll wish upon a *star* and wake up where the clowds are far behind me Where troubles melt like lemon drops Way above the chimney tops That's where you'll find me Somewhere over the r a i n b o w Bluebirds fly Birds fly over the r a i n b o w Why then, oh why can't I? If happy little bluebirds fly Beyond the r a i n b o w Why, oh why, can't I? It's been a rollercoaster of a night. Ah, the typical teenage psyche rears it's ugly head.

 I really need to start writing more. I mean, it's summer. I'm supposed to have more time to write and stuff and yet...I don't. I have almost no free time. The free time I do have, I use to eat and sleep. Heh. Good use of free time I suppose. Then again, sometimes I get the eating thing done while I'm busy. Busy day tomorrow. Eye doctor, lesson, getting my hair done, and taking my mom to the doctor...followed by the band pre-camp thing. Mike Klos brought up an amazingly eye-opening point. Our first performance is in three weeks. THREE! Un fricking believable... Another thing just occurred to me thanks to Chris. Only one more week I'll be able to see him and he'll be gone. So will Peter. Two of my best friends in the world. Gone. I just don't know what to think. Time has snuck up on me so fast this summer. It's just slipping away so fast and Brandon will be home already on Tuesday... I'm so excited to see him. I really, really miss him. I'm glad he isn't going away this year. South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut was good though...heh, that's my lighter note.... I wish things had been a little better between me and Chris this summer, but things change with friends, and I don't think we'll stop being friends really. I just kind of wish he could have gone away and we could have been even close to as close as we were before. I need to stop thinking. I need to sleep. I need to take my brain out and let all the bad stuff get hammered out... Good night.

 Good things. Joanney comes home in two days!!! I went bowling with my friends last night and it was super fun. Hm....my hair smells good right now? Bad things I wont be home at all the day Joanne comes home I royally sucked at bowling last night. Like...the worst I've bowled since I was six! I'm super hungry and just too lazy to go get food I have that freshman/section leader pre-camp thing tonight. BUMMER TO THE EXTREME MAX! I guess I could go stop being lazy and get myself some food.

 There are constant reminders about random acts of kindness, but the human race just isn't ready to fulfill world peace. I think that's a somewhat arbitrary phrase anyway. I don't honestly think it's possible to achieve world peace. I think it's a great goal to aspire to if it helps, but I'd rather aspire to the goal of just trying to do something nice for someone every day. If everyone did that, yeah, maybe we wouldn't achieve world peace, but we'd be a lot closer. And, I'm not really sure where that thought comes from. i just started typing, and that's what came out of my little fingers. Last night was so much fun. I was absolutely taken away by the corps. I'm so glad Carson invited me. It was terrific to hang out with her and great to see all the corps. It was funny. One of them played Savannah River Holiday. I sat there for a few minutes trying to figure out why I recognized the song. It was pretty amusing. I was like...wow, I know what's coming up in this song! As of today, no plans yet. It just feels good to sleep in on occasion now because there isn't any summer school. The DCI show last night actually made me sort of excited for marching band. However, I know everyone wont feel as excited and pumped up so, I know not everyone will try as hard. That's the way it is every year. Especially since this year is a Disney year, there are of course people who join just for Disney. So, those people wont care about the show aspect so much, but...I'm still going to give it my all.

 Babysitting yesterday wasn't all that bad. Nine hours of three little kids and a puppy. It could have been a lot worse, but I made lots of money. :) Excellent. Plus, people called Pierre and talked to me. That was fun. I'm so excited for the Cavies show tonight with Carson. Carson and I have much to talk about still. YaY for Cavies and Carson. I just know it will be a fun evening.

