 The blind date got cancelled, but I had a good night anyway. I guess I should say it was "postponed" instead of cancelled; I still have to do it at some point. I was on my way to the bowling alley, and 5 minutes before getting there, I get a ring on the cell phone, and like the first words out of the other person's mouth are, "I hope you're not already on your way there." Now, why wouldn't I be? I mean, the date only was supposed to start at 7. What was I supossed to do, not leave my house 'til 7:15? It turned out that the girls that were supposed to go had a "last-minute" problem. Big surprise. They probably found out it was me they had to go with, and made up some excuse not to show. Ha ha, so that whole episode was rather anticlimactic. Julie asked the Wal-Mart lady where to find the condoms. It was rather interesting... Megan has the most comfortable bed of all time. No doubt about it. And no, I don't know that fact because of anything naughty, you pervs. She just showed me her bed and I tried it out. End of story. But she is pretty cool, and I think that even though she never bathes, I'd still like to hang out with her once or twice before the end of the semester. Oh God, it's rainiiiing. This is very drab and bleak. A good day for lots of Nintendo, if my dad doesn't go all Nazi on me about school and scholarship junk to do. Give me a call if you wanna do something tonight- I'm wide open and ready for ideas. After Reconciliation with Emily, of course. I'm going to do an exercise that we used to do in 8th grade english. I will pick a word and type it. Then I will type the immediate thing that comes to my mind after thinking of that second word. And I will repeat the process until I'm bored. You don't even have to read this, it's mainly for my own enjoyment. I like seeing where I start, and the things I go through before I'm done. Ok, here goes nothing: Caterpillar, butterfly, cocoon, Megan's bed, building blocks, Lincoln Logs, Frank Lloyd Wright, Fallingwater, geometry, Jeff Easley, blind date, bowling, fall-ball, Jaguars, Left-Handed Monkey, Simon, Lauren, U.S. History, essays, TAKS, exemptions, underclassmen, parking, driving, road trips, Mardi Gras, Trey and Richard, Gulf Shores, Disney World, Bearkadettes, football, Christmas Break, home alone, Kati Emily Ashley, digital camera, track, winning the mile, hurting my hip, black eye, baseball, fernando, Poppe Mortgage Services, Rob, fake check, Blank Check, hot FBI agent, kissing, jealousy, Kyle and Kelly, running, dark, Sam, Dave, A&M, college... Whoa, I'm gonna stop there. I don't wanna think about college at all right now. Too stressful. Now it's time for some Super Smash Bros. God bless

 Duuuuuuuude. Great day today. I'll recap: Pam and I rocking out in Stat; Mrs. Schoen is gonna separate us, I know it. Almost done with Comp. Sci. Pong program! Lunch with Ashley (mainly), seeing my abs on camera from third-person perspective, and OHMYGOD Reese's inside out. Intense. Counselor's aide was... meh. Econ was fun, for once. Track kicked so much butt today- and I saw Sharen there! Got a friggin' $72,000 scholarship to Tulane, baby! Wahooo! Had minimal hw, and my room is clean thanks to the maid. Megan came over and ridiculed The OC, but we totally made out so hardcore that we knocked the cushions off the couch. (Not really). We only knocked them off cuz we got into a tickle war, which I so obviously won, cuz I'm like Dave and the best at everything. But you can't have two that are the best... actually, yes we can. We're just that good. Tomorrow's Friday and I have 3 tests and a program due, but I don't give a care cuz I have a blind date that means nothing romantic to me at all at the bowling alley at 7, and it's, well, Friday. This weekend is gonna rock the living daylights out of me. And I love it so. :) You guys have a good one, too. God bless

 You know what's good? Cook a can of Spaghettios. Open a can of tuna, and add some mayonnaise, then stir that up. Dump the tuna into the spaghettios and stir that up. Heat in microwave for another 17 seconds, and stir again. Add Chipotle hot sauce if desired, and serve with Zapp's Potato Chips and milk. It is sooo good, and it's got a bunch of calcium and other nutrients. The 'pasghettio/tuna combo in itself has 28 grams of protein. Freakin' awesome... As some of you may have heard, I have been selected by the Klein Bearchat to participate in a blind date experiment this weekend. Hooray? This would kick some serious butt for me usually, but I met this completely awesome and great girl named Megan who happens to rocks my socks off. Aaaaaand, this blind date could impede my intentions toward her. I mean, we all know me and my past experiences with girls. They just mess with my mind so much! Make 'em stop, Mommy, make 'em stop. Kyle works at Grapevine. I did too, but just for tonight. It was grand. I wanna go to bed real soon, so I'm signing off. Deuce out the roof. God bless

 So I'm checking on scholarship applications online, when I come across one from the AFSA. For those of you uncouth hillbillies who don't know what the AFSA is, it's the American Fire Sprinkler Association. Here was the awesome essay topic: "Describe the history of automatic fire sprinklers and how the recently proposed federal legislation HR (House Resolution) 1824 may affect fire sprinkler installation in your community." Simply amazing. God bless

 Damn, and I thought NCL was good... I had so much fun at Bearkadette Ball tonight. Thanks, Melissa, for being an awesome date. I got to party with my friend Andrew whom I have not hung out with in many moons, and everyone danced and ate and laughed and it was all good. Some highlights: I had forgotten my corsage at home once I got to Lindsey's for pictures. Got to talk to lots of underclass friends and whatnot. Had great dessert. Slide show messed up... sorry, Barker. :( Fun fun dancing. Kinda whack that the [unannounced] last song was "Play that Funky Music (White Boy)." Jon Nelson is a retard. Too many stupid drunkards (in conjunction with the above statement). Crystal apologizing for ordering the wrong vegetables. Yurianna is a very provocative dancer. ;) MeAgan's dad is a stalker. Party bus was rocking... literally. No one could keep their balance during the dancing on the ride home. "Mr. Tuxedo." Nerd ropes and nasty chewable medicine. A plethora of snacks, but unfortunately, no huge cheeseball container. And my favorite part of conversation for the evening, in regards to Yurianna's dance moves: "Yurianna was like, 'Take it, take it!' and I was like, 'I don't want it, I don't want it! Take it back !' " All in all an awesome night to end an awesome day. Hooray for weekends. My forum only needs one more post to make it to 100! Who will be that lucky 100th poster? I will give whoever it is 5 bucks. I kid you not. Be the 100th person to post in my forum, and I'll give you five American dollars. Good luck. Luv2bblonde6: thanks :-) Luv2bblonde6: why are you great Strikingly Ross: uh, my mom raised me that way Strikingly Ross: sorry for being that way; i can be mean if you'd prefer... bitch God bless

 Last night, I had a great time. Tonight, I will have an awesome time. This weekend rocks. School sucks. Perpetual weekend would be amazing. Sharen rocks my socks off. She's awesome. I guess that's all for now. I'm trying not to have to much on my mind; don't wanna ruin this last semester by thinking too much. All I can say is that I want to have fun. No regrets. God bless

 Megan, you're cool. But kinda smelly, so points off there. Sorry. BK Ball tomorrow. Huzzah! Holy God, I'm glad it's Friday. I want to shoot myself after this dreadfully long week. The following conversation existed between my sister and I: Strikingly Ross: i saw alex barrera tonight Strikingly Ross: i told him you thought he was hot CICIpizza711: no u didnt but he is Strikingly Ross: yes i did! Strikingly Ross: he was at bennigan's with us CICIpizza711: if u did u die tomorrow .......................................... Strikingly Ross: i like cheese Strikingly Ross: and squirrels CICIpizza711: me and gracie like mooses I think I should get some rest. Gonna be long hours tomorrow. Fun, but lots of hours. You know what I mean; long, fun day. Goodbye. God bless

 Strikingly Ross: so, what's the thing you like most about second semester? StrwberryKiss04: your large muscles, and the fact that all the freshman i know are less than half the man you are *Insert blog here* God bless

 Holy effing eff. I just finished the last post, and looked at Raj's profile. What do I see? I'll show you: "Konstantine by Something Corporate. I know that it is a 9 and a half minute song, but damn, I am hooked." Wow, it's everywhere. But I'm not complaining. :) God bless

 Jeez, second semester is going to suck. They didn't switch my 3rd and 5th period classes like they were supposed to, and now Melissa is in neither of those like she was first semester. Major sadness. And I had a choice between A and C lunch, and I picked A, and now there's like 50 million people in there and I never get to see Casey or Julie or Kyle or Christie or Kelly anymore during the day. Sadness repeats. It's cold outside, making for hard running. Sadness multiplies. Ashley is across the room from me, and she's mean cuz she wants to stay there. Sadness permeates me. I couldn't go to Pam's tonight. Sadness consumes me. I want a new job. If anyone has any leads, please let me know. I'm not kidding; if you know of any opportunities, please inform me. I think the objective of this second semester is to make me want to leave high school and go on. I know a bunch of people will have awesome semesters, and will be glad to get out as soon as the can, but I want to cherish it while I got it. And with the way things are looking, there will be minimal cherishing going on. Damn. Holy moly, I am presently talking to Megan Singer about how awesome Konstantine is, and it just came on my CD player right now. I think that's cool. Megan thinks it's a sign. For example: MeGGerz252: whooooaaaaaaaaa MeGGerz252: its a sign sean See? Told you. That's the second Konstantine coincidence in the past 5 months for me. The first was the clock being 11:11 when Andrew says "11:11." But those days are over now. I'm going to bed. Today can't end soon enough. God bless

 Hey, gimme space so I can breathe I just don't know what to think anymore. Don't take my word for anything, because whatever I say probably isn't correct or good or whatever the word is that I'm trying to convey with this statement. Maybe the word is "consistent." Yeah, I think that one would be good; I'm not consistent. In the car The radio leaves me searching for your star A constellation of frustration, driving hard Singing my thoughts back to me Like watching heartache on TV What's cooler than bein' cool? If it was up to me, I'd say "bein' kinda chilly because the fan is on too high." Gimme space so I can sleep Happy Surprise Birthday, Pam! We got you good, didn't we? Heh heh heh. I hope you're rocking out to your shower radio. Gimme space so you can drown in this with me To tell the truth, I don't think the zoo would be a very fun place to live. I mean, you spend twenty years staring at the same trees, same grass, same trainers, and overall same habitat, and then they just turn you into Chicken McNuggets when you die. Hey, gimme space but I can't breathe We get to go back to school tomorrow. How fantastic. I guess it will be way cool, as long as I get to go to third period econ and fifth period comp. sci. Pam says that counselor's aide will suck because the people in it are gay. Maybe I'll get someone cool... Knowing my luck, however, I won't. But even still, I'll make the best of a bad situation, and have as much fun as I can. Gimme space but I can't sleep Then there's track... Yikes. At least I ran a few more times this Christmas Break than I did last year. I'm hoping to break 4:40 in the mile this year. That is, if I ever even run in a meet. I seriously doubt I'll do well this track season, but hey, that's why I play baseball too. Gimme just one inch, I swear that's all I need I wanna do something cool in this post, but it ain't happening. I just wish I knew what it was that wasn't happening, then I could do it. Or something along those lines. God bless

 NCL freaking rocked my face off. God bless

 NCL tonight. I'm pumped like a Swedish-made enlarger. Maybe one day I will find my place in the world, and I will occupy it with all my being. Right now I'm still searching. I want to matter to people and things and make a real difference in the lives of others. I think that would be one of the absolute most coolest things ever. Pardon my bad grammar. Once my Speech teacher spelled it as "grammer." We all thought she was an idiot, and she has this weird tumor in her ear. It's this funky growth/ bump thing... for all of you who had Mrs. Noor, you know what I'm talking about. Kelly Greg and I had her first semester sophomore year, then we had big bad Blazin' Hazen for health second semester. It was a lot of fun, I tell you, and we made friends with James Turnbow (who was definitely in need of some counseling) and Byron "Kawasaki" Palmer. Good times, good times. Speaking of good times, now I need to take a shower. ;) God bless

 Wowwwwwwww. First post of the new year, baby, and it's 4:30 in the morning. I'm not tired. I dunno why, but I just ain't. So, I felt the need to blog. Ok, so there's this girl Kati. Man, she is a troublemaker, lemme tell you. SoCo is a grood band. I've always liked them (well not always , like some of you hardcore listeners) and I have listened to their new CD, but I've only just started listening to their new CD. And I dig it a lot. HAPPY BIRTHDAY, PAM!!! Our Super Bowl (or Sugar Bowl; whichever you'd like to call it) was good today. I did alright, though I missed 2 easy catches. I did have a good one in the back corner of the end zone one time, but then... later... On what should have been the last play of the game, I was thrown the ball, and I jumped to catch it cuz it was high in the air, and it hit my hands and fell to the ground. I was quite pissed. I felt like John Carney after missing that PAT for the Saints two weeks ago. Except we ended up intercepting and winning. I guess I'm not going to do a big deep, profound blog about how much I or others have changed over the past year. It's just not really worth it. Maybe in my other blog I'll post it, mainly for my own benefit, just so I can recap to myself. I'm still waiting for a New Year's kiss. God bless

 He gave it up for you and I Everything He held dear He did it so that when we die In Heaven, we'll be near Jesus laid his life down for us To give lasting salvation To every person 'round the world People of every nation His persecuters knocked Him down They beat Him black and blue For them He prayed, "Forgive them, Father, They know not what they do." The struggle that the man endured On the road to Cavalry Marching on, He became sure That He'd save you and me Physical pain and suffering Was intense without relief But through it all He held on, Stayed strong in His beliefs Upon the cross they nailed Him to He breathed His dying breaths So that one day me may be free From evil in our midst The ordeal was unimaginable No mortal man could stand But He endured so we could live At His powerful right hand The love He has for all of us In everyone within Was enough to conquer all And deliver us from sin God granted him deliverance then, Freed Him from this Earth We can never fully understand What His sacrifice was worth ------------------------------------------------------ Man, no one's posted in my forum in foreverrrrr. I need responses, I do I do I do. Hope everyone had a grand time at Sadie! I know the Pink Ladies were the hottest chicks there. But no T-Birds! What ae Pink Ladies without T-Birds??? I think my baseball game for today may be cancelled. :( I want to plaaaayyy. It feels kinda like I missed out on this weekend. I had a track meet all yesterday, and today will be spent finishing up some scholarship stuff (almost done with everything I need to do before Disney World!) and other hw and chores. Ah yes, and church, too. That will be awesome. I haven't been in like 2 or three weeks, I really need to go. I think it has just been two weeks... not too bad. Happy Birthday, Crystal! Last night after the track meet my legs hurt like a mother. Ok, so I was supposed to run in the 4x16 (four people run one mile), the 3200 (two miles) and the open 1600. Well, I did the first two, and Coach Yates took me aside after the 3200 and was like, "Ok, you know what you need to do. Get your heart rate down, breathing back to normal..." And then I said, "And get ready for the 16." The he was like, "Whaaaaat? You're not running three distance events! I wouldn't even make Erik do that." And so he took me out of the mile, and I was sad, yet happy at the same time. He also told me he must've been smoking crack to have arranged having me in three events like that. Good to know, good to know... And it was awesome when some of us ran off and rolled down the big baseball hill. I got so dizzy I thought I would be sick. Now doing stuff like that lets you know you're alive. Random things to take advantage of the moment, even if it makes you feel a bit queasy. Not all these memories will last a lifetime, but at least during that lifetime I know I'm living. :) So after the meet I had Hank, Kelcee, Zane and Adam (probably no one reading this knows who any of those people are) over in the hot tub, and it was amazing. The water felt sooo good on our tired legs, and we ate a lot of Oreos. Yum. I need to go do stuff. I don't know what, but I'm wasting my time blogging. God bless

 I should blog about The Passion , but Pam's blog distracted me. This doesn't mean that I am fickle... only easily distracted. By this: WEIRD SURVEY THINGY THAT IS KIND OF FUN---- [spell your first name backwards] naes [where do you live] spring, tx [wallet] black thing I've had since 5th grade; it's falling apart [hairbrush] guys don't brush [jewelry worn daily] hemp/Crush necklace, class ring, cloth around wrist [pillow cover] blue and white striped [coffee cup] I get my energy from being cool [shoes] running shoes [cologne/perfume] curve [piercings] I want an eyebrow stud [clothes youre wearing now] My favorite cordurrrrroys and A&M hoodie [wishing] for love [after this] going to sleep [talking to] Pam, Megan, Hank [eating] chocolate fudge poptart [fetishes] hair [some of your fav. movies] Saving Private Ryan , Passion of Christ , Monty Python and the Holy Grail [somthing youre looking forward to in the upcoming months] Disney World, Spring Break [last thing you ate] chocolate fudge poptart (I finished it :) ) [something you're afraid of] drastic change [if you could have any animals as pets what would they be] flying squirrels [three cities you wouldn't mind relocating to] New Orleans, Gulf Shores, Honolulu [some of your fav. foods] seafood [something you wish you could understand better] girls [miss someone you haven't seen in a long time] you know it [believe in love] if only... [believe in soulmates] yeah [believe in love at first sight] sure, why not? IN THE LAST 24 HRS HAVE YOU: [cried] I came really close to it [bought something] food [gotten sick] nah [sang] stupid Lion King ... [eaten] yes [been kissed] if God could grant me that pleasure... [felt stupid] Hey, it's me we're talking about here [wanted to tell someone you loved them, but didn't] yeah [met someone new] yes [moved on] From what? My childish fears and insecurities? [talked to an ex] Can't say I've had one [missed an ex] Unless Kelly is my ex? [talked to someone you have a crush on] But it's not reciprocated [had a serious talk] Tyler and I started to, then that Pam girl got up in our biz-niss [missed someone] yes [hugged someone] I think, but I don't remember [fought with your parents] Good gravy, you know it [dreamt about someone you can't be with] Like a literal dream , or just thought about them a lot? SOCIAL LIFE: [best friend of opposite sex] Gotta be Pamcakes [boyfriend/girlfriend] I dunno... Megan, I'll let you take this one [if none, current dating partner] I repeat the above statement [hobbies] Running, being retarded, baseball [pager/cell] cell [are you the center of attention or wallflower] I'm in the middle [car you drive] White 1996 BMW 318i [would you rather be with friends or on a date] Getting more and more towards the friends answer [job] I deal with PMS all the time [attend church] Sundays [like being around people] Nearly all of the time PERSONAL: [who is your role model] Jesu Christo [pet peeves] Jock jerks, being led on, my own inadequacies [ever liked someone you had no chance with] Can anyone say, "Amanda Vatne"? [ever lied to your best friend] I don't think I even have a best friend [ever wanted to get revenge on someone because they hurt you] Yeah, but I'm working on lessening that animosity [cried over the opposite sex] I'm sensitive, but I ain't a wuss [have a certain "type" of person you go after] I'm pretty diverse [rather be dumper or dumped] dumper, cuz it sucks for something to end when u arent ready for it to be over (I liked Pam's answer so much I kept it) [are you happy with yourself] On the rare occasion [are you happy with your life] Today I was, but only about 60% of the time overall Wow. That, combined with the movie just made my night. Gotta be time for bed. I am going to make like a fetus and head out of this mother. God bless

 Dammit, I was wrong. Today didn't suck as bad as yesterday. Still, I'm not gonna say it was good, though! Megan got my letter; here's hoping she likes it. Fernando got chewed out at work today. :( Sadness prevails. solitas03: man, why couldn't jesus have walked in the desert solitas03: for only like 3 weeks or something solitas03: it woulda made things a lot easier... i don't think i'll make it 40 days Don't worry, Hank- Fernando, Blake, Nate and I are struggling, too. No one said this would be easy. But by God, it's gonna be worth it if we make it. I spent some great quality time with my parents and my brother in the hot tub this evening. It was grand. We talked about stuff. We listened to music. We were warm... Then I jumped into the forkin' freezing cold swimming pool. But I quickly got back in the spa and all was well once more. :) I just did a scholarship applicaaaaaation! My parents have been on my ass for weeks about schol apps and I finally took some initiative and did one. Yay? My tummy is upset. Dessert/late dinner and then bed. Chunk deuce. God bless

 Today, if at all possible, is going to suck even worse than yesterday. That is my prediction, and I'm sticking to it. Happy Ash Wednesday. Fernando and I went to see part of the girls' soccer game last night. We left with about 10 minutes remaining. Allison did good for Collins, and so did Eileen. Hooray, Klein Collins Girls Soccer! Cancel the show, Ma. I'm going home. God bless

 Holy God, I feel as if I am going to die. Not only is it emotional complications, but our freaking track workout nearly killed me because I suck at running. It was funny on Sunday at the party, one guy especially wanted me to go to LSU. He pretty much blatantly told me that he'd hook me up with beer and whatever other illicit materials I could want if I go there. Cool? Sure, if you're into that kinda thing. But I'm not. So as he was leaving and saying his goodbyes, he comes to me and tells me to think about college more, blah blah blah. Then he points to his hat that displays, "LSU: NCAA Football Champions 2004." He laughs at me and says, "Now you gotta go here. I mean, who else has this hat?" And thus I retorted: "USC." God bless

 Ok, my grandparents' computer would not let me blog while I was there, so upset I was. That part wasn't cool. But what was cool was that I was in New Orleans for the celebration of Mardi Gras. On the way there I listened to a lot of music... mostly Postal Service and Taking Back Sunday, with some Starting Line, Brand New and Thursday sprinkled in. That was grand. On the way home I hit up Dashboard Confessional, Three Guys in a Rio, New Found Glory, a bit of The Ataris, and my always wonderful Fernando Mix #1. So, I was in NOLA, and the weather was amazing on Saturday and Sunday. That helped. On Saturday night, I went to my first unsupervised parade, and that was nice. My friend who lives there just called me up randomly and said, "Hey Sean, wanna go to Endymion tonight with me?" And so I said heck yes. The boy's name is Matthew, and I went with him, his girlfriend, and about 6 more of his friends, and I had a great time. I met this one girl named Caitlin and she is awesome and we are spies and she is my sidekick called Complacent Caitlin. She was very nice and whatnot and she shares my passion for big words. She's even making a movie- how cool is that?? So Sunday was the day of my grandparents' annual "party" and that was nice, I guess. I wore my "Tulane Law" shirt and about 5 people said, "Yay, Tulane!" The other 900 said, "GO TO LSU!!!" Needless to say, I was strongly pressured to go to LSU. Sorry guys, not gonna happen. But speaking of LSU, I gave Erin a call. She fortunately found time to come to my grandparents' for the party and the parade, and she had a grand time. It was her first Mardi Gras, and I was glad to be able to introduce her to such an experience. All in all I had a good weekend, though I missed my friends a lot. Nothing like going away to make you appreciate home. It seems as though many people had a great weekend, and I attribute that to my not being here. Glad I could help y'all out. :) I only have to go to Statistics and then track today. How amazing is that? I'd say very. Very amazing. Megan is S H A D Y . And a harlot, too. Pam is coming over for stat help, so I shall depart now. God bless

 Today was an awesome day. Definitely one of the most bestest days of the year. No real reason... it was just grand. And the weather was nice, too. :) That always helps. Oh, snap. Seniors don't have to show up at school until 11:45 next Tuesday. How cool is that? I'll be out of town this weekend, in New Orleans. Two Monday's off in a row, baby. If any of y'all need to get ahold of me, I may be somewhat active on AIM, but for the most part I will be unavailable. Do call the cell and leave messages, though. I'd love to check my voice mail at the end of the day and hear something good from you. Something funny from Alfie's blog: "Last semester, a professor was discussing the ideals of democracy and the benefits and nature of empires. 'What is the United States bringing,' she asked, 'into Iraq?' Almost immediately, one chipper young student answered 'Halliburton.' " You know me, I'm still the same old G. Don't stop 'til you get enough! There was something at least kind of interesting that I had in my mind to put in here, but I forgot what it was. Oh, and I came to the realization today that once college or even summer starts, I probably won't update this anymore. The days are speeding ever-closer towards a looming and uncertain future, but I'm looking forward to it. College isn't going to be a struggle. Real life probably will be, but college... I kinda don't wanna think about it right now. The last 3 days have felt so much like summer it's been tantalizing. The freedom soon to come... But back to my point. This is a connecting link I have with every one of you, my readers. It may be a boring, and oftentimes neglected link, but it's there. But when I graduate and move on, I probably won't maintain this connection. Sure, y'all will remember me for other things I've done, and not so much this blog, but that's all I'll be at that time. A memory. I don't want to constrain anyone by making them stuck in the past by reading the blog of someone they knew, but no longer hold contact with. Times change, and situations change, and I just feel that when the time comes, this blog will be shut down. No more ramblings posts or goofy anecdotes or any of the "Crap from my Life" (you know, the title?) shall be displayed. I may change the address and start a new blog for my college friends to read. I may not. What I'm trying to say is, this is going to be one more thing to let go of. Just another tie to sever, be it ever so gracefully. It may be easy (most likely) and it may not be, but either way, I appreciate any of the time or effort you have put into making this the success it has been thus far. Thank you, reader, for helping to inspire me to create. Thank you for helping me express myself. And thank you, most of all, for being you, and appreciating me for who I am. Thank you. God bless

 I have a cavity. Awkward. Track prac sucked kinda bad today. 5 miles at 6-minute pace. Ha, yeah right, Scotty. I did mine at like, 6:15. The first was under 6, but I started feeling... well, tired I guess! Ha ha. It was awesome: on the way home from prac, I had to take a freshman home, who made out for the first time this weekend. He told me all about it and asked for advice. That was definitely the funniest part of my weekend, because I have probably the least amount of making-out experience of any senior. But he thinks I'm cool. Ha ha.... I wrestled my brother tonight when I was supposed to be working on a scholarship essay. It was so cool, we haven't really wrestled since we were about 12. It was extremely invigorating, let me tell you. I won at first, then he won, then I did again, then he had me for a bit, and I was almost convinced it was over, till I dug down deep and mustered him off of me, and took control of the situation. Damn straight. Strikingly Ross: you want in the blog? RINKIEDINKIE911: i want in bad Ok, let's see... Megan wants to be in the blog... Alright, here we go: Megan is pretty cool. She has brownish-blonde hair, and the best "lines" that she says all of the time. My favorite happens to be "shady." Well, she can't keep her hands off her backpack, and she plays soccer pretty well. That takes up too much of her time, though. Time better spent on chemistry, among other things. I don't really know what else to say. She's cool and stuff. Yeah... Megan is a girl I know Who lets her armpit hair grow low She never shaves And rarely bathes But still I think I like her, though I think I shall need to sleep soon. The day's and night's events have worn me to the point of wanting rest. Huzzah. The Giver was good. God bless

 We'd be ten minutes into first period right now... but we're not. :) However, I do get the privilege of going to track practice today. Yippee? Ooohhhh, speaking of practice, Fernando and I had our first baseball practice yesterday! It was awesome, I got to pitch some, and we fielded weirdly and whatnot. I pitched batting practice to the guys (cuz I'm just that good and can throw in the strike zone on command, ha ha) and freakin' Fernando nearly killed me. I had one of those L-shaped nets in front of me as I pitched in case of a come-back --you know, those nets that would be squares, but they have a corner cut out so you can throw from behind them? Anyway, I threw one to Fernando and he slams it right back at my face, and it was the scariest sh*t I've experienced in a long time... I kinda turned away and put my glove up to where I thought the ball was gonna be, but luckily the ball glanced off the pole of my netting, and my life was thus spared. I also had one or two good hits back at him when he pitched at me, but they just hit the regular netting, not the border. I started reading The Giver last night. I read it in 8th grade, and really liked it. So, I guess I'm readin' it again. I love reading. I haven't really read in a long time. You know, get absorbed in a book and just lay in bed and read or something. Ha ha, I did last night what I told Megan I used to do in middle school and freshman year: I didn't go out, but stayed at home and read for like an hour, hour and a half, then went to bed. It was awesome. Granted, I would have been out last night, but I ran into a little hitch. Kristy Rho and I went to dinner after I attended church, then we went to The Big New HEB and goofed around for a while, looking at giant cheese blocks and funky-textured toy lizards that remind her of the dead "sewer rat" that she and Jayde supposedly saw on their run yesterday. Well, it's about 8:45 and we're being weird and out of control, when my phone rings, and it's my dad on the other line who tells me that I forgot to pick up my brother from church class. I was like, "Ohhhh snap !" So we hurried to church, grabbed my bro, dropped him off, and were on or way out again when my dad calls a second time. "You may come home now," he says. Oh, well that's great! You're giving me permission to come home! As if I wasn't already allowed to live at my own house.. But I got the gist, and, long story short, I was at home at 9:15, and then I began to go old-school and read for my weekend entertainment. Dentist appointment today. Huzzah. I went running yesterday, and it was the most amazing weather of all time. Running in combination with baseball practice makes my butt hurt. The outsides of both cheeks are sore. With luck, I will grow accustomed to working out those muscles and when all of you, my loyal readers, do come see me play baseball this year, I will look oh-so-sexy in baseball pants. Riiiiiight.... :/ I'm going back to reading The Giver . You guys have an awesome day. God bless

 Yesterday = Best Valentine's Day Ever. Leapfrog4711: i can't stop laughing at your icon....i can't stop your icon! The weather is amazingly awesome today. Enjoy it, folks. I got extremely lost on my way to the BK competition yesterday. I got real frustrated when I couldn't figure out where I was or where I had to go to get my bearings. But then... I calmed down. I realized that being hot-headed wasn't gonna help my situation at all, so I took it down a notch. I knew that I was somewhere on 1-45, so I drove on that until I was at a recognizable point... kinda. I knew I had to go west, so I got on 610, which led to 1-10, and I got to where I had to be. I had to stop and check the map soon after exiting 1-45 though, but in doing so, I learned how to correctly use and analyze a road map and determine my situation based upon that garnered information. And that was a really boring story. I got some stuff to do today, but tonight I am free. Give me a call and we'll rock the block. God bless

 Ok, so today's Valentine's Day. Big whoop. I have never had a Valentine in my life, and I doubt I'm gonna be starting now. Is that pathetic when a senior in high school has never had a girlfriend even though he is the most handsome guy in the world? Yeah, I know; how was that possible for Brad Pitt not to have a girlfriend? But back to me. I think Pam is my Valentine. She never actually accepted the invitation, but she wrote about it in her blog, which is phenomenal, because I am NEVER in there, but have only recently received the honor. So, in short, Pam and I are Valentines today. Just something cool I found: JJbaby9: Girls are like apples on trees. The best ones are at the top of the tree. The boys don't want to reach for the good ones because they are afraid of falling and getting hurt. Instead, they just get the rotten apples that are on the ground that aren't as good, but easy. So the apples at the top think something is wrong with them, when in reality, they are amazing. They just have to wait for the right boy to come along, the one who's brave enough to climb all the way to the top of the tree. xuan 578: most girls on the tops of apple trees are chemically enhanced apples, made really beautiful on the outside and bad tasting on the inside... that's why the good guys just eat watermelons, that way you can spit out the bad seeds I've done a lot of thinking recently, and I have come to this conclusion: I am in exactly the same position as when I started thinking. There was something I was about to put in here, but I forgot what it was. Dang it. Who's Megan? No Galveston trip today; the weather was too bad. That sucks because it would have been one helluva good time. My CC friends always make me have fun... I wish I had gone to Denny's with them Thursday night, because it was certainly unproductive to go Valentine's shopping for someone who doesn't even care. However, Jenn liked her rose, so huzzah! Jennifer Elkin is one of my new all-time favorite people. She's way cool, and she makes me feel good. Not just in general, but also about myself; she's a real self-esteem booster. And that is a quality lacking in many people I know. And I enjoy squirrels. Now I remember what it was I was gonna put: POST IN MY FORUM. Just click the link at the top of the page and do your thang. It has been severely lacking in sustenance (posts) for too long. I'm out; the day calls me to be a slacker, and even blogging is too much work. Happy V-Day, y'all. God bless

 Things are changing in this last semester. Friends are changing preferences and abandoning it seems the people they've supported and been with for so long. It's everywhere, I've seen it. I bet I'm even participating, because I'm a jerk like that. I really really am. More later- I got cut off here. God bless

 A really cool feeling is when you brush your teeth really really good, and then take a shower immediately afterwards. Your mouth just goes crazy. It's awesome. God bless

 Winnie the Pooh was a druggie. He was always hungry, you know? Smoking weed and all that... And Eeyore was the depressed alcoholic. Piglet was definitely hyped up on speed or crack cocaine. Apparently Rabbit was puffing the magic dragon, too, because he was really paranoid. Plus he liked to "grow stuff" a lot. What does that tell you? The whole Hundred Acre Wood was just one big mess of infidelity and drug usage. Scary. RINKIEDINKIE911: what about tigger Strikingly Ross: tigger... he's just naturally stupid More update later. God bless

 Strikingly Ross: then it is determined that we saw each other ludenscoughdrop5: yes wait ludenscoughdrop5: r u sure we did? Strikingly Ross: wait i guess not ludenscoughdrop5: maybe we both got confused Strikingly Ross: cuz the girl i saw Strikingly Ross: was hot Singin' in the Rain . Hmmm.... The Ludher's never cease to amaze me: ComplacentClancy: hello, my baptized friend Best greeting ever. And then there's this one: melmc33: the program i type documents into Strikingly Ross: word Priceless. I hung with Kellys A and O tonight, and it was cooool! I miss them so much, and one even lives here. I need to get better at hanging out with them. Ha ha, Dave was "lit" when he talked to me online. How awesome. My bogs are becoming more sporadic and less to any real point. One day, I shall return focus to this otherwise unmotivated acropolis. But until then, I'll just be lazy. Bedtime God bless

 Wow, it was awesome when this rather hefty fellow tumbled down four rows of bleachers this evening. Right after the soccer game was over, he just ate it. Bad. Sure, it was a bit cold at the game. Next time, all of my shirts are coming off. "In the hours before the morning, Walking home I pass her door And I send a special prayer Up to the room on the second floor For my mind is in there with her But my body takes me home And I need to have a love Because I've been too long alone..." I don't really have anything to say but for two things: Kellyo came home today!!! Hooray!!! So did Sharen! Huzzah! and Why does Snoop Dogg use an umbrella? "Fo drizzle." God bless

 I guess it's just a Relient K kinda day. Ha, that rhymes. Bored in a stable with nothing to do We make a game of throwing our shoes Lead me to water, but not to the track Show me a saddle and I'll say, "Hey get off my back." All in favor (all in favor) say "Neigh!" We like the flavor of (we like the flavor of) hay We're gonna graze all of our days Until they take us away and turn us into glue Like Mr. Ed always said... "May the horse be with you." May the horse be with you May the Horse be with you everyday I trot by the fillies (they like me of course) They all dig my band (yeah, I'm a rocking horse) You gotta take off your spurs to ride me you know If you want me to stop just yell out a "Whoa!" All in favor (all in favor) say "Neigh!" We like the flavor of (we like the flavor of) hay We're gonna graze all of our days Until they take us away and turn us into glue Like Mr. Ed always said... "May the horse be with you." May the horse be with you May the Horse be with you everyday God bless

 All the girls in the bathroom talkin' Who they gonna take to the Sadie Hawkins? My ears are burning but I kept on walking Smile on my face and an air guitar rockin' Sadie Hawkins dance And my khaki pants Theres nothing better 0h oh oh The girls ask the guys It's always a surprise There's nothing better Baby, do you like my sweater? Sittin' in the back of my next class nappin' Got up gave a speech then bowed to the clappin' Told a funny joke got the whole class laughing Think I got a tan from the light in which I was basking Sadie Hawkins dance And my khaki pants Theres nothing better 0h oh oh The girls ask the guys It's always a surprise There's nothing better Baby, do you like my sweater? Scan the cafeteria for some good seating I found a good spot by the cheerleaders eating Thequarterback asked me if I'd like a beating I said thats one thing I won't be needing And since I'm rather smart and cunning I took off down the next hall running Only to get stopped by a girl so stunning (Only to get stopped by a girl so stunning?) She said, "You're smooth and good with talking You'll go with me to the Sadie Hawkins" Sadie Hawkins dance And my khaki pants Theres nothing better 0h oh oh The girls ask the guys It's always a surprise There's nothing better Baby, do you like my sweaterrrr?

 Wow, fat ladies who go slooowww on their bikes, then old women who pass them up joggin! Purely awesome. Best conversation ever: Me: My battery went out in the car again last week... Like that time it went out when we weren't even doing anything wrong. Pam: Yeah, that was crazy. People thought we were doing stuff. Me: Ha ha, maybe we should have. People were thinking it anyway, so what did we have to lose? Pam: We were getting close to it. You missed out on a lot. Now, she claims she was talking about our relationship in general... but with Pam, you never know ;) After today's weird, disappointing, frenzied, colorful, tired amazingness, I will go to bed. God bless

 Well I got my projects done yesterday/today. I finished my stat project at one o'clock on Sunday afternoon. I finished my economics summaries at one o'clock on Monday morning. Awesome. RINKIEDINKIE911: its such a great feeling RINKIEDINKIE911: id do it all again just for that feeling RINKIEDINKIE911: when the last paper prints... Strikingly Ross: it's a high only morphine can top It was pretty crazy this morning... I had to paste my economics articles onto blank paper and then go buy a folder at the store before school. Soooo on my way to pick up my buddy Nate and then subsequently a folder, I got pulled over by a police officer. Nate told me later that he started walking out of his house and saw the cop and was like, "Holy snap, what did Sean do??? I'm not riding with him anymore!" All I did was make a rolling stop and exceed the speed limit in a neighborhood. You can't lie, you've all done it. I just happened to get caught. Fortunately, no tickets were issued. You know, today really was a good day. Great, even. The weather was SO nice and my classes were easy and we didn't have to run a hard workout in track and I have no homework and work wasn't too boring and I don't have to worry about showing up to any more school dances but the Big One and I had my last "Meet the Team Night" ever and I have great friends and I have cool corduroy pants and I had awesome leftover Chinese food for dinner. And I'm gonna shower soon. Can life get any better? No, no it can't. Only when I go to bed and relieve my body of the tiredness that consumes it will I reach Nirvana. Ohmmm... ohmmmm... ohmmmm When you left home and moved to Ohio The summer had come to an end. My best friend goes, I try to follow, Running as you disappear... Stay. You know how bad this hurts It's been three weeks and just gets worse. Come back to PA, Forever this time. God bless

 Holy shamoley, I have to work my butt off before the Super Bowl. I've got a stat project and an econ project to do. I'm about halfway done with stat, but I still need to find my 12 articles for econ! Aaaaah! Melissa, two things: I'm still sorry, and technically it wasn't a repost, as it came from my other blog, with slight modifications. But good memory! Whoa dang- Klein High School Bearkadette Escorts are the absolute coolest, hottest, and most amazing small impromptu ensemble group ever. Not all the Escorts, of course. The five who performed were cool and amazing, but I was the only hot one of that group. Props to Mrs. Denton (pronounced "Deh-uh") for helping out greatly. We even got freaking medals. Awesome. Just plain awesome. Megan is grand. End of story. I'm tired, so I think I'll go to bed now. God bless

 I just wanna say hey To my compadre urlLink Brandon J God bless

 There's only one thing I can say to today. The events, the people, the meetings, the running, the food, EVERYTHING merits this monumental sums-it-all-up-in-one-convenient-phrase motto: FAX THIS SHEET . And that is how I feel right now. God bless

 For lack of better bloggage, here is a list of cool feelings: Being the first person to use a new bar of soap in the shower A good, long run on the trails Making out Running a mile in under five minutes Getting a good grade on a hard test Working out Getting a really short haircut and taking a shower and washing the hair... it's so nice to rub with the suds! Swimming on a hot day Sleeping in the hammock Having long hair and when it's wet, flipping it out of your face after surfacing from being underwater Talking with old friends Making new friends Watching gorgeous sunsets You know, the list could go on forever... And that is so awesome, because God has provided so many good things to appreciate and love in this world. He only wants to make us happy, and He wants the best for us. What a guy. :) I gotta try and study for killer stat test tomorrow and Wednesday. God bless

 Oh my God, Bearkadette banquet was the longest thing ever. Wow. I don't even want to blog right now. So I'll just say Cheese Squirrels God bless

 Wise people read this blog... very wise people. Perhaps even Gandalf himself. God bless

 Nobody ever posts in my forum anymore except Melissa. Kudos to her! People do it when I tell them to, but never randomly or sporadically. If you ever wanna make me happy or make my day, post in my forum. I was about to suggest not to do it now, only because it was just mentioned that you do it when I say, but feel free. You are your own independent entity. Use that individualism to fulfill your wonderful future. Duuuude, Ashley ran four miles today! Hooray for her! Even treadmills... count... maybe... Yeah they do! Go Ashley! This just made my night: MeGGerz252: F dis S!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Megan, you speak only too true. Those are the precise abbreviations to the words I am thinking right now. This economics project... I don't know about it, man. It seems like too much stress over one month of groceries and air conditioning. Speaking of which, all I need to do right now is make a dang pie chart and I can go to sleep, but this is proving very difficult. Aargh. Pirates say "Aargh," right? That would be cool to be a pirate. Actually, it wouldn't, because the real, unromanticized pirates were really bad people, and they lived a very very hard life. Scurvy and peg legs and mutiny and all that jazz. Who needs stress like that? God bless

 We had a discussion in economics today about how ignorance really is bliss. I think Gandalf is a really good example of not being ignorant and not being blissful. He knew so much, and thus was always troubled because he had to keep everything running smoothly and whatnot. He just always had something on his mind, and so he was constantly irked by some little detail that had to be attended to. Or, in the case of the One Ring, some big detail. Crazy old Mithrandir... Oh yeah, we also talked about one of the kids in the class who had made out with his friend's mom. Twice . RINKIEDINKIE711: i cant find tom petty Strikingly Ross: tom is everywhere Strikingly Ross: he followed me home from school yesterday Strikingly Ross: and exposed himself to grade-schoolers Right now, I just feel really blah , and empty. I don't know whyyyyy. I feel like I have been missing out on something big. I just have no clue what it may be. Sure cotillion would be fun to go to, but I gotta learn to distance myself from that one chick that I hang out with too much as it is. New Orleans is going to be SO tight. Fernando and I are gonna kick some serious A at the Crescent City Classic, then watch a Tulane baseball game. NOLA shall be our oyster. It's definitely gonna be better than going to cotillion. Friends. Where are my friends? I miss them so much.... My time with everyone is dwindling, and I'm just piddling it away by watching TV or doing stupid economics budget projects. Wait, I'm not doing my budget project. That's what I'm supposed to be doing right now. Dammit... But I do miss you guys so very very much. I will try to call you, I shall. God bless

 Wow, I just though this was too funny not to share with as many people as possible. I got it from Alfie's blog, and have thoroughly enjoyed reading it: "Talking about MTV, there should be an episode of Cribs with John-Paul the 2nd. The Pizope's Crib, G. He'd be wearing his huge muthafuckin papal hat all backwards and shit, all like, "Iz pretty cool havin yo own country." The Pope would show off his state-of-the-art sound system. "This is where all my tracks are tossed up, right here in St. Peter's basilica. This here's a 700 year old pipe organ, dawg. Fuck expensive- this shit's priceless." The episode would end with J-Pizzle the Sizzle's explanation that "I'd get mad bitches if my religion permitted it," and a shout-out to God." Snap, I'm going to hell for even putting that in my own blog, but I guess it's all worth it. Baseball game now. First one of the season. God bless

 Get up, get up Come on, come on, lets go There's just a few things I think that you should know Those words at best Were worse than teenage poetry Fragment ideas And too many pronouns Stop it, come on You're not making sense now You can't make them want you They're all just laughing Literate and stylish (literate and stylish) Kissable and quiet (kissable and quiet) Well that's what girls dreams are made of And that's all you need to know (and that's all you need to know) You have it or you don't (you have it or you) You have it or you (don't) I don't know what's going on right now. In regards to anything, I feel very lost. College, high school, relationships, track, friends, squirrels... you name it, and I don't have a clear stand on it. All I know is that I love distance running. In general, that is; track is getting old. I ran 15 miles on Sunday, and that was the highlight of my Spring Break. It was just deadly awesome, man. Deadly, wicked awesome. If I was a strict carnivore, would I eat my friends the squirrels? I hope not. God bless

 Prom. Wow. Don't even wanna think about it, but I guess I'm gonna have to soon. The one thing that bugs me about pre-prom is the people stressing out about it. The girls are worried that they won't find a date (which they will), and the guys are just like, "Whatever." But when people talk about it to others, and they tell their "list" of possibilities, they often (not always) leave off the person they are talking to. I'm not saying it happens every time, but when a girl tells a guy other dudes she may want to ask her, she sometimes wants the person she is speaking to to ask her, but she doesn't admit it to them. Guys do it, too. When relating to a girl potential dates, he will often leave her off the verbal list, even though he wants to ask her. Heck, I do it, and I feel weird doing it I guess, but I'm not sure of alternatives to the situation. I mean, I can only ask one girl. Augh. High school is weird. God bless

 Captain's Log (March 19, 2004): The launch was a rousing success! ...Until the mattress flooded 20 meters later, and I had to abandon ship. The crew and I are now discussing alterations and improvements to be made to the vessel (S.S. Poontang) in order for a more constructive, lengthened ride. Duct tape and/or milk cartons may be involved. More as updates occur. God bless

 ...And if I stop breathing, Keep your arms around me It's Spring Break!! Wait, it's been that since Friday. Oh yeah... I think this Megan thing may work out alright. If I could only remember what she looked like, then I might be able to hang out with her a bit. Otherwise, I'd probably just breeze right on by whenever I saw her. I'm gonna try and take a page from Melissa's book and put in ten things you don't know about me. I doubt I'll make it to ten, but I'll see what I can do. I've lived in five different places by the time I turned five years old. I used to be really smart. I used to play roller hockey, through Champions Roller World, and I was damn good at it during my fifth and sixth years. I can bench press more than my weight. I'm a real human being, with real thoughts and feelings and emotions... not just some very hot, sexy object that all the girls want a piece of. ;) I used to listen to Oldies 94.5 religiously . I've been to Europe and Canada and Mexico, and I can honestly say that I would live in Spring, TX over anywhere else because all of my awesome friends live here. :) I know more about 80s pop culture than I do about the colleges I might want to attend. In elementary school, my best friend's name was Herbert Earl Dunnington III. No kidding. My pet peeve is people who think they're better than everyone else. Wow, that was amazing. A little dip into the innermost workings of the most complex man since Einstein. I stayed home last night and did not go out. I finished reading Running with the Buffaloes , and that was cool. It was also good to take a relaxing evening off from everything, and just kinda chill at home. Gotta appreciate the little things, you know? Speaking of little things, my sister (whose nickname is "Small," so she's the little thing I'm referring to) read in my profile last night the whole Sean Michael = 100% Irish. Kiss me, baby. Murphy thing from the computer in the other room. So she spints down the hall into the room that I'm in, and plants this huge , 20-second, forceful kiss onto my cheek. Then she just scampers out of the room with a loving, "I read your profile!" and is gone. I got my St. Patrick's Day kiss from my sister, and I couldn't be happier. I have track practice at 9:00, so I feel I had better prepare for that. You guys have an awesome day, and keep it real. Call me with any amazing plans for tonight. Wait, I have a baseball game until 10 o'clock... call me with any amazing plans for tonight to commence after 10:00! God bless

 Let's go watch the spring tide and measure the tidal range at the only place cool enough in the world to have us both in the same spot: the Bay of Fundy!!! Ok, I just got a filling. It was tight. No big deal, just a routine filling. The funniest moment of last night was when Alison wanted to see my room. So she, Melissa and Pam are the only ones still at my house, and they all come upstairs to my room. It turns out my mom is still awake and on the computer, so I throw out the disclaimer: "Mom, three girls are going into my room with me, but it's all clean!" She looks up from her email or whatever it may have been that she was looking at, and goes, "Girls in your room? Must be Pam !" I guess it's funny if you know the history behind it. I'll fill you in a bit. When my mom first met Pam it was one o'clock in the morning, and so my mom came to the conclusion that Pam was a "tramp." So the comment last night only reinforced the notion of Pam's harlot-like status. :) It's Spring Break. Yay. Someone call me with something fun to do. I would appreciate it a lot. Hooray. We could have a rocking good time doing whatever is out there. Yahoo. It could maybe involve animal crackers. Possibly even animal crack-whores. One never knows. I just want to bring back one round of "I Have Never's" at the request of a Mr. Kyle Baker. Here goes: I have never water-skiied while holding a flaming toothbrush in each nostril. I have never made sweet, sweet love to a sewing machine. I have never forfeited a nose-picking match to a Swedish gnome. I have never eaten a whole cantaloupe and lived to tell about it. I have never killed a clown with a bag of pine needles. I have never forgotten to make out with my stuffed animals every night before I cry myself to sleep. I have never climbed a light pole in order to peek into Carmen Electra's bedroom window... yet. I have never been beaten to death with a two-by-four. I have never really missed visiting the Straits of Gibraltar. As you can tell, I'm a bit rusty on these, but it's all good; I'm not resuming them full time. I guess I should get going now. I've really been spending too much time on the 'Net these past few days. I gotta get out and do something. Any ideas would be most appreciated. Until next time, au revoir. "...And now it's time to say goodbye To all our company M-I-C K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E" God bless

 Strikingly Ross: i have performance anxiety.. i need to know whether i did well or not Luv2bblonde6: haha you were great Strikingly Ross: thanks.. i was a bit nervous at first, but once i got into the flow of things, i guess i took control nicely and didn't spaz out Tonight was fun. However, I miss Fernando. I was sitting here at the computer with about 30 minutes left until I had to go to dinner, when I got this insane urge to run. It was awesome. I just went with it , and got out and did a modest 4+ miles, just a quick saunter before Chinese food. I think the whole 12 miles yesterday combined with the Running with the Buffaloes is inspiring me to get out and try and kick some ass. Ha. Cool. I think I'll be done for tonight. God bless

 So I'm sitting here at the computer, minding my own business, when all of a sudden a pop-up appears. This is no ordinary pop-up advertising free internet porn or Viagra or even one that tells me how to get lower interest rates on my mortgage. No, this was a Republican pop-up. Don't get me wrong, I'm all for the Republican party. I'm a conservative fellow myself, and Bush takes too much flak as it is. Long story short, the pop-up showed a picture of John Kerry with the following caption: "The economy is improving and the Democrats don't know what to do. Click here for more info." It was just so bold and striking and matter-of-fact that I couldn't help but click... on the "X" int the top right corner of the window. I feel so smart and stuff... I talked about politics in my blog. I'm into reading random blogs now, and I think this excerpt from one deserves a mention: "Then again, matt good released Beautiful Midnight in the U.S. with absolute failure and has never performed south of the 49th parallel since." I ran 12 miles this morning. You are all my bitches now. No hw over the break except 750 words on theme and a bit of budgeting. Life is... boring. K-Berker is gonna stay over tonight, and I am happy. I haven't seen him since, well, last night, when I fortunately ran into he and Christie outside Christie's house. That was an amazing moment for me, it really really was. I don't even know what to say right now. Something witty or profound would be most appreciated, but I'll just say the one word that is always on my mind these days: "Squirrels." Oh, I guess Dave has me beat with that whole "marathon" thing, but he smells funny (due to no showering during Lent) so I can at least claim cleanliness over the dude. Ha ha, I'm a retard,,, God bless

 emehoffman: i'm doing you emehoffman: and there's nothing you can do to stop me! Man, finally someone comes around. ;) Or not. I'm not gonna tell you about Disney World on the blog. Just ask me about it. I'm not gonna sit and waste all my time typing out my experiences for you to read, when it would be so much more engaging to tell you face to face or on the phone or something. So, I'm doing this for your own good, you prostitutes. And when you talk to me about it, don't ask, "Did you have fun?" No shit I had fun. It's Disney World, moron. I was with the Bearkadettes, aka 86 amazing girls, along with the escorts at the beach, hot tub, water park and theme parks for 6 days. Of course I had fun. Sorry for the rudeness, I'm way tired. I nearly died at work today from falling asleep. I didn't actually fall asleep, but if I had, Mrs. Poppe would have caught me and eaten my head. Thus I would have died and gone on sleeping for a long time. Maybe then I'd finally achieve the rest I've so ardently yet vainly pursued. Shut up. God bless

 I'm back, baby. God bless

 Wow. This "Anonymous" person who visits my forum has often had some good stuff to say. And they came through again last night. They took what seems to me an awful lot of time to write out something for me; something to help me along and give me a little more insight into things. I appreciate that a lot. That would be crazy if I've never met the person; if they had randomly found my blog through a link or something.. I have a feeling that I know them, but I probably don't. And that is amazing that God would bing them to my link at the time that He did, to help them discover my blog, and in turn help me out with some troubling issues. I have been given the opportunity to view life with a different perspective, and I'm going to try not to waste it. I need to wake up to the world and to myself and to God, and I think all I needed was a little push. Thanks, Anonymous, you are pretty cool. Congrats, Klein boys' soccer for whooping the heck out of the Woodlands last night. As of this moment I don't know the girls' score, but here's hoping you did well! School time, chums. See you there. Well, some of you... God bless

 Life is weird, you know? Kinda like a buffalo, but not so smelly. Unless you live in Kenya. I don't command any respect. People may like me, and even see good in me, but I get no respect. I'm Rodney Dangerfield, but a lot less popular, rich, and fat. I seriously can't name one person who respects me. Maybe Jesu Christo, but other than Him, no one. Mrs. Schoen kinda does, but... nah, I guess not. Phooey. And as Rodney would say, "I get girls because of who I am... a rapist." I suck at track and yet I'm having fun in it. I never see my friends anymore. Sure I see a few and I love them to death, but I never hang out with those whom I used to spend time with. Kyle's gone, Andrew's somewhere, Melissa is at French Club parties 24/7, Kelly smells funny, Christie is nonexistent, Dave's at college, and I have become too engrossed in... well, you know, to pay attention to anything else anymore. To tell the truth, I bet it's all me. I have become the one who feels that he is too cool for the others. I have been the one that constantly picks certain activities over ones that would entail me hanging with my true-blue buds. I'm so sorry everyone... I suck at being your friend. TyW469: but she is hott TyW469: they are all hott TyW469: soooooo hott Strikingly Ross: ha ha, with two t's TyW469: ya TyW469: duh Strikingly Ross: what's the difference between that and hot? TyW469: hot is hot outside TyW469: hott is always girls Strikingly Ross: but of course Strikingly Ross: how could i be so silly I'm going to bed before I incriminate myself any further. Oh, Melissa- I'm sorry for the violation today. That was out of line, no matter who told me to do it and for what reason. But you can't say you didn't like it. ;) God bless

 Melissa has the nicest-looking thighs and the hottest body I have ever seen. Wow, I mean this girl is amazing . She is absolutely perfect just the way she is. :) Our track team sucks. Big time. We did horrible at the meet this past weekend; the only good runner turned out to be Erik, which was expected. Augh... I've been told I haven't been enjoying my senior year. There's nothing for me to enjoy. All my time is occupied with things I don't want to be doing, so if I don't want to do them, how can I enjoy myself? Perhaps Disney World will be fun. Maybe. I hate the mood I'm in. Why can't I just focus on the positives? I always gotta drag myself and others down. Forget this, I'm going to shower. God bless

 Alright alright alright... I have not two, not three, not four, not eighteen, but ONE day of Boot Camp left! Yippee-ay-o-ki-ay. Thanks to Fernando for coming this morning for Buddy Day. Hooray for Boot Camp. Something I forgot to add the other day: As Jeff and I were blaring Dashboard on the stereo on the way home from the movie, we also conducted a simply amazing duet that would have put Chris Carraba and his double-taped voice to shame... (It's a long way) Is there anything (For an answer) Worth looking for, (Is there any news?) Worth loving for, (Is there any word?) Worth lying for? (Is there trauma) Is there anything (Or a struggle?) Worth waiting for, (Am I missing?) Worth living for, (Was the body found?) Worth dying for? It's amazing to think that we graduate so soon. All these years of... school are finally going to be over. It's going to be extremely bittersweet. This is really something that I never thought would happen. Sure, I'd talk about it and whatnot, but all through elementary and middle school, and even part of high school, it was just something that never occurred to me could actually transpire. It just always seemed like I'd forever be whatever age I was at the time. It's strange to conclude that as much as people talk about the future, they forget about it a whole lot, too. I got paged today over the PA after school was over. It was awesome, because everyone who was still on campus could hear Mr. Denmark say, "Sean Murphy... Sean Murphy, please report to the assistant principal's office... You have Miss Stone's car keys." That was great and all, but Todd Kelley had them, not me. Fortunately I was walking right next to him at the time of the paging, and we both headed to Denmark's office with hilarious results. The future's open wide... That would be funny if woodchucks really chucked wood. We'd all have to duck a lot. God bless

 As sung (loudly) by Sean Murphy and Jeffrey Brannigan on Highway 249 after seeing (don't ask questions) "13 Going on 30": Breathe in for luck, Breathe in so deep This air is blessed You share with me This night is wild So calm and dull These hearts they race From self control Your legs are smooth As they graze mine We're doing fine We're doing nothing at all My hopes are so high that your kiss might kill me So won't you kill me, So I die happy My heart is yours to fill or burst To break or bury Or wear as jewelery Whichever you prefer The words are hushed, lets not get busted Just lay entwined here Undiscovered Safe in here from all the stupid questions "Hey did you get some?" Man, that is so dumb Stay quiet, stay near, stay close they can't hear... So we can get some My hopes are so high that your kiss might kill me So won't you kill me, So I die happy My heart is yours to fill or burst To break or bury Or wear as jewelery Whichever you prefer Hands down, This is the best day I can ever remember I'll always remember The sound of the stereo The dim of the soft lights The scent of your hair That you twirled in your fingers And the time on the clock When we realized it's so late And this walk that we shared together.. The streets were wet and the gate was locked So I jumped it, And I let you in And you stood at your door With your hands on my waist And you kissed me like you meant it And I knew that you meant it That you meant it That you meant it And I knew That you meant it That you meant it Don't worry, this was all done in a perfectly straight and heterosexual (though highly "emo") manner. And I think I blew out my front left speaker blaring the friggin' song. Juuuust peachy. Me need sleep. God bless

 Man Bj, I hate white people too. I've been saying it for like the past 3 weeks, and I don't know why, but with that tip (or should I say "no-tip") story, it's making more sense to me why I despise Caucasians. I have early release now. I stayed in track today, just for the hell of it, expecting to get some kind of a decent run in, but turns out we had endless relays of 200s. Jiggity what now? Kat Stone. Geez, there's a tramp if you've ever met one. That girl is sooo trampy, she puts the "tramp" in "three ring circus." Just joshing, she's cool and she knows Otto, and to my knowledge she ain't no 'ho. Hammerhead sharks rule. If someone were to tell someone else to get a life, could the someone tell the someone else where lives are available? I mean, I would really like to know where I could go out and get a life. Do you think maybe they've got them at the dollar store? Holy mother of pearl, I write the stupidest stuff in here. Seriously, what goes through my mind before I type these things in? I'm not on drugs or anything, so maybe it's just delirium from lack of sleep. God only knows... The yearbooks are great. Good work, staff! Now, who's gonna be the girl from "Can't Hardly Wait" who goes around begging everyone to sign her yearbook at the most inopportune and annoying times? I predict... Lindsey Morgan. Ha ha ha I'm out for now. God bless

 I was reading my "other" blog a few minutes ago. I haven't updated that thing since November. A lot has changed since last summer and November... I guess I'm still confused about women, and still not any good a running, but it seems as if all other conflicts have been resolved. No more Naval Academy applications, no more stupid first-semester caring about grades. A lot of it has passed with time, and that's a good thing to know; that time will heal all wounds. My troubles will disappear eventually, even if that eventually is my death. But once I die and go to Heaven, the unending joy and happiness that prevails will be so worth any suffering here on Earth. "And then there are my friends, and they have their own lives. While they like to talk everything through, to analyze and hypothesize, what I really need, what I'm really looking for, is not something I can articulate. It's nonverbal: I need love. I need the thing that happens when your brain shuts off and your heart turns on." And here's two more things from back in those days of my "Second Nature": "Time continues to ebb and flow in a stream of nothing meaningful until trepidation amounts to perspicacity so blinding one may never see the light again, and an implosion of inconsistency alienates the distinction of it all. Ha ha, in layman's terms, here it is: melmc33: well there mr. big words, would you like to explain that in stupid people talk? that runnerguy86: things in your life happen but they don't mean anything; nothing is real. then your wariness and hesitation bring about a blinding flash of insight that you can no longer see the joy or good in things anymore, and a surge of inconsistency brings a blur to the edges of everything that runnerguy86: and nothing is as it seems" And my most favoritest part from a cool book, Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil : "Dreamy, isn't it?" said Corinne. "Yeah, " said Danny. "What do you think about when you come here?" she asked. "Dyin'," he said. She laughed. "No, I mean besides that." "Bein' dead." "That's horrible!" she said. "No, come on, really." "I told you. I think about dyin' and bein' dead. What do you think about?" "I think how peaceful it is. I think what a wonderful place this is to come and escape from everything, to just cool out and relax and enjoy the serenity. But I never think about dead people. Looking at these old graves makes me think how generation after generation of the same family are all gathered here together. And that makes me think about how life goes on, but not about dying. I never think about dying." "Well, I do," said Danny. "I even think about what kinda grave I'm gonna be buried in. Like, see them big ol' tombstones over there? They belong to rich people. And see them other ones there- the little ones? Those are for poor people. If I die in Mercer House, I'll get to have one of the big ones." "What a creepy thing to say." "Jim Williams is rich," said Danny. "He'd buy me a big tombstone." There was nothing joking or boastful in Danny's voice. He was simply speaking his mind. "But you're not getting ready to die, are you?" "Why not? I ain't got nothin' to live for." "Everybody has something to live for," she said. "Not if they're fucked up like me." Corinne sat down on the moss-encrusted pedestal of a tall obelisk. She took Danny's hand and pulled him toward her. He sat down next to her. "We all have problems," she said, " but we don't go around bumming people out talking about dying." Yeah... I can't really think of anything else to write at this time of the morning, except for two things. One, post in my forum or on my Xanga guestbook or comment page- you know it's the cool thing to do. And also Tyler is a lot smarter than he looks. Ha ha, just joshing you, buddy- you're a grand friend. God bless

 Ok, now I'm really scared... and here's why: Strikingly Ross: sucks for him s o l i t a s 03: yes, since I do give outrageously good road head Well, today is turning out ok, besides waking up at 6:10 for no reason, especially when I was very tired. I finished "Band of Brothers" (a very good book, if I do say so myself) and I wanna read "Catch-22" soon. I got myself a tuxedo for prom- once I got started, the whole process took less than 15 minutes, which has got to be a new world's record. Theeeen, my mom and I went to that French store, Target, and I got not one, but TWO cool new shirts. Hooray for cool new shirts. And now I'm getting ready to go running (yes, in the rain- when you're hardcore like us, precipitation can't stop you) with Fernando. Hooray for running in the rain. Well, I freed my mind from an immense burden last night. And since I know she (my burden) never reads this anymore, I am feeling free to talk about it on here. Well, as you all know, I have been kind of off-and-on with this chick for quite some time now. About four months, to be exact. The whole time, I stubbornly ignored the advice of my friends, but it was to no avail. I'm just a sucker for a pretty face. You guys were right the whole dang time. I apologize for not heeding your advice, and I only wish you'll accept me back into your lives (cuz Lord knows I've been gone for a while, being focused on a false prize) as the same friend you knew before all this junk happened. And that's all the detail I'm going into about that. I'm so looking forward to my run right now. Other than my slight headache, I feel ok, and I know that once I get going, the pain from Boot Camp that currently resides in my legs will diminish. It shall be graaaand! My sister's friends think I'm hot. I'm very scared now. They all think, and I quote, that I should "wear a shirt less often... just because ;)." Man, how come nobody my age ever agrees with them? Ha ha, just joshing. I'm not worried about relationships right now, only friend ships. :) Yahoooooooo for life and not having to do Boot Camp this morning!!! Ready or not, Texas A&M, here I come... God bless

 Things from Fernando's sub-profile that I thought were funny. Well, probably more so than anyone else because they involve me. Maybe these are "Guess You Had to be There" moments... "You guys remember those horse heads with the stick attached to it that little kids could 'ride'? Yeah, well one of those was at Sean's grandparents house. If you pressed the things ear, a cowboy song would commence playing, and the damn thing took forever to stop playing. So Sean said: "Maybe they expect you to make a sustained ride." ...who says that...honestly?" Ha ha, I crack myself up. Here's another: " Matt: I think I'm gonna have a talk with the Chevrolet corporation for false advertising. Sean: ya? Matt: Ya, they say in their ads that they can comfortably fit 8 people in this vehicle...I don't call this comfortable. Sean: Well I think they were talking about little soccer kids when they said that. Matt: Ya, well those bastards could have clarified. Sean: Well, if you have 8 morbidly obese people in the car, I don't think you are going to be comfortable." Well, it's true. I need to go to sleep now. This could turn out to be a great weekend, after school and work and all responsibilities and requirements are finished. Huzzah. God bless

 Just something sent to all the Boot Camp participants that I thought was cool: "Those who can remain like the boxer are a rare breed. I don't necessarily mean win, I just mean remain. Hang in there. Finish. Stick to it until its done. Our human tendency is to quit too soon. Our human tendency is to stop before we cross the finish line. Jesus didn't quit. But don't think for one minute he wasn't tempted to. Watch him wince as he hears his apostles backbite and quarrel. Look at him weep as he sits at Lazarus's tomb or hear him wail as the claws the ground of Gethsemane. Did he ever want to quit? You bet. Thats why his words are so splendid - "IT IS FINISHED." Remember, a finisher is not one with no wounds or weariness. Quite to the contrary, he like the boxer is scarred and bloody. Mother Teresa is credited with saying "God didn't call us to be successful, just faithful." The fighter like our Master, is pierced and full of pain. He, like Paul, may even be bound and beaten. BUT He REMAINS!" Today was quite difficult in Boot Camp. I know I'm gonna make it, but it's like the two-mile race in track: you think you're almost done, but it just keeps going and going and going... Any prayers or whatnot for me and all my Kilo Class Boot Camp participants are most appreciated. Ok, what the heck? It nearly stormed and rained today, and I look out now and the sky is nearly clear. It's just crrrazy. Sorry, boring blog today. God bless

 You know how they say, "If you can't beat 'em, join 'em"? I think it should be, "If you can't beat 'em, then you're obviously not hitting hard enough, and you're executing more of a mild reprimand slapping than a beating. Try taking a longer follow-through." Track is over. I'm retired. It's a weird feeling. But I think I'm going to get Early Release, so I can run with the team on days that I want to, and go home on days that I feel blaaahhhh. It should be nice. Supposedly Ultimate Frisbee may be incorporated into the curriculum, says Coach Hensley. I don't know what else to write about right now. I'm having really weird and mixed up feelings about girls (allll girls) and their deviousness towards me (be it intentional or not) and it's freakin' me out. Make it stooooop. Oh, I started Boot Camp this morning. For all of you who are long-time readers, you'll remember I did it last year, and it was a very physically and emotionally challenging era in my life. But hooray for Boot Camp. Huzzah, huzzah. Cheese. Squirrels. God bless

 I dunno, I was just thinking about things that irk me. For no particular reason, I just want to put some of them on here. I'm not complaining, just observing and pointing out things that get under my skin a bit. Word to your mother. Fornication Yuppies Roaches in my cereal Fat people who complain about being fat, but do nothing to remedy the situation Licking postage stamps and envelopes "Carmel"... It's car-a-mel. They put an "a" in there, so pronounce it Running slow Realizing that everyone who lives will someday die, and die alone Getting my nipple pinched by Jon Thibeault Flatulence in an elevator College and scholarship applications People who make things out to seem a lot worse than they really are And I guess people who complain a lot, too (which I'm not doing right now ha ha) Killer bees Skin on Jell-o and pudding Mass advertising The masses I think that should be enough to conclude for now. But there are two thoughts relevant to those last two items on the list. First, I went to the Astros game yesterday with Fernando (we won, 14-5 yay) and there was advertising crap everywhere. It made me angry and frustrated how Madison Avenue throws so much crap at us and expects us to be shallow, materialistic, and foolish enough to believe that we need each and every single product available. But the thing is... they're correct in assuming we are that way. Americans are stupid and easily distracted by flashing lights and shiny toys. And we are controlled like sheep. Baaaa. "The Wave" started yesterday at Minute Maid Park, but I did not really participate, other than to casually toss a left hand into the air as the flow came around to my section. But it's amazing how people will do things just because others are doing them. And they have the whole "We Will Rock You" stomping and clapping going on between innings, and the "Da da da da da daaaaaa.. Charge!" thing, too. And the whole dang stadium is filled with mindless fans who go right along and clap and stomp,without hesitation, right on cue from the sounds emitted from the loudspeakers. We have been conditioned to think like so. Baaaaa. And my other thought is this: If, during a church service, there was placed upon the altar a sign or banner that said something along the lines of "McDonald's: Loving it," could that be considered "mass advertising"? Get it? Get it??? Ha ha ha, I crack myself up. God bless

 The promise of a good thing. It keeps us coming back for more punishment, torture, discomfort, and otherwise all-around trouble. It leads America's masses through their daily routine; there's always the promise that if one works hard enough, they'll succeed. We go through so much on the hope that something we want to happen will work out. We're idiots for it, blind and deaf to the advice of those closest to us. Maybe what we're holding out for is worth all of the anxiety and stress. But more than likely, if you keep getting screwed over by the same situation, you're wasting your time. It's hard to let go of that hope; I mean, as they say, "Without hope, all is lost." It takes a big step to realize fault and error within yourself and within whatever predicament you're in. But the bigger step is admitting that fault, and stepping away, removing yourself from the thing that has been causing so much trouble. It's a hard decision to make, but when you want somthing to happen so badly, you don't want to give up on it. And therein lies the trouble. This applies to so many things: college decisions, relationships (especially), alcoholism, and most importantly, crack addiction. There comes a point when being too nice gets you screwed over. A lot. But isn't being nice what Jesus would do? Or did He ever become aggressive, and reprimand someone before He forgave them? Like, when He forgave, was it blind forgiveness, or did He point out what could be improved in the other person? I don't want people walking all over me, but I think it's due to my faith that I follow that I want to stay humble, and not impose anything on anyone else. Is there a time when that has to end, and I screw the feelings of other people? Sorry, two random paragraphs only semi-related. I am off in my own world right now. But I'm starting pitcher today, and will probably pitch the whole game. Sweet. Track is over. More on that later. God bless

 Check this shizz: My quiz, yo God bless

 Who's definitely not at school right now? That's right: Alison and I. Boo-ya. God bless

 Why do I even bother with this whole blog thing? No one reads it anymore, and even if they did, they'd prefer I had a Xanga page. Well, EFF YOU, everyone! I'm gonna keep doing what I want to, regardless of trends or what anyone thinks- because I like to. :-D By the way, the effing was not meant to be taken harshly; I just woke up from a nap and am cranky. Ok, well, here comes a long and boring blog. But I write anyway, because I can. And so I will... Last night about 9:15 as I was running after returning home from New Orleans (fun) I got a strange sensation. The same thing had happened to me during the summer once, and it was very peculiar yet I enjoyed it. I was probably about 2 miles or so into my run, and feeling great. There was no one else on the road or sidewalk, and the 'hood was quiet and empty. I just felt so at peace with life and running, and one with nature and all that, that I just wanted to fly away. I was one of the elite; one of God's chosen athletes. He had granted me the amazing ability and fortuity to be a runner, and I was so happy about that. I was alone and nearly flying already a I sped along the sidewalk, and I just looked up into the cool, clear night sky and just... my spirit soared out of my body and raced along the treetops and through the atmosphere. I could swear to you, I was out of my own body, shooting along in the glorious void that was the airspace over my neighborhood. And by God, it was amazing. But you don't care. Prom is figured out now, as far as my group is concerned, but like that guy in that old TV show that I don't know the title of or the name of his character, only his catch-phrase: "I know nuttink!" All I got is that I'm taking Melissa, I'm in Pam's group (which now includes TYLER! YES! and Brent Jakubec) and that it's gonna cost 45 dollars for something and 90 dollars for something else. But I don't remember what those numbers correspond to. Stupid prom. It's just a dance. And after-party. And Galveston. And THE GREATEST TIME EVER. I have my District-level two-mile race tomorrow. My LAST two-mile ever!!! Yahoooooo! I have my District-level one-mile race on Friday. My LAST mile ever! Nooooooo! Strikingly Ross: i have district track tomorrow and friday Strikingly Ross: last races ever Cobra3686: that's cool Cobra3686: run fast Strikingly Ross: i could try that Strikingly Ross: why didn't i think of it before?? Conflicting feelings reside inside me as a result of the end of my running career. Happiness, sadness, sentimentality, joy, nostalgia, and indifference just to name a few. I took a nap in my hammock today. It was the best hour of rest I'd had all day. Wait, it was the only hour of rest I've had all day. I got a note from KellyA on my car after school today. It made me very happy. She was the only person who wanted to talk to me today, but unfortunately could not do so as I had a commitment to run track and not skip school for the last period of the day. Ha ha, forgive me for that. And yes, we shall have to find time for another new-experience date sometime soon. It shall be grand to the max. As I perused others' blogs and Xangas today, I realized that most everyone talks about themself a lot. I know I do it, too. But weren't sites like these originially set up as a means of communicating opinions to the masses? It was a way of letting the world know how a writer feels about issues and subjects that may pop up anywhere, and create a hotbed for discussion and thought. Occasionally a first-person reference is alright, to prove a point, but I was under the impression that such a medium existed to provide an outlet to the world for things that were not the goings-on of one person's life. I mean, if you want to log your day, go get a diary. I realize I am being completely hypocritical as I write this, and that I have become one of the senseless masses that has to document the happenings of their life like someone who believes others will actually take time and effort to read it and thus generate a better understanding of the workings and feelings of said writer... But whatever. Mmm, corn. Thank you for your time today, all who mad eit this far. Your efforts did not go unappreciated. Whoever wants two discount, or maybe even FREE (depending on how nice I feel when you talk to me) tickets to the 5th Annual Klein Drum Line Percussion Show taking place Thursday, April 15, 2004 at 7:30 p.m. in the Klein High School Auditrium, 16715 Stuebner Airl... If you want drum show tix for discount price I got you covered. 'Tis a lovely day outside today. Enjoy it, you spaz. God bless

 Ok, I'd just like to get one thing straight here. For prom, I have not made any decisions yet other than who to ask. I have NOT committed to any group, contrary to popular belief. I have been offered, and said, "Yeah, I'll think about it," or, "That sounds real nice," but I have not made any official commitment of any kind. I am going to do what my date wants to do. It's her dance, and I feel it is her right to choose the group we go in. But I would like to say that I love you all, and I appreciate each and every single offer that I've had to go in y'alls' groups. Right now, I do not know which I'm going in, and I just hope that when it is decided there are no hard feelings. Keep it real, and NO REGRETS. God bless

 Choices. We are all faced with choices in our lives, and I'll be damned if they're all easy. Often we make decisions that affect not only ourselves but others as well. Even deciding to wait a few seconds before fully accelerating your car after a stoplight can be huge in someone else's life. You may thus miss the next light, and further on, and be in situations you would not have been in otherwise had you accelerated faster at the first light. If you understand Chaos Theory, this all makes sense. But I digress. This is a time in our lives of big choices and we're not always sure we're making the right ones. College, relationships with family, friends, and others, and occupations are usually first and foremost on our minds. God knows what is right for us, and His plan is going to direct us to where we need to be. The faith that I have in that has helped me through so much, it's unbelieveable. Knowing that things are going to work out for me, and I will be exactly where I'm supposed to be has aided in giving me confidence in my actions and trust in myself for actions to come. It's an amazing feeling, and I wish everyone could experience it. Just know that whatever you do, whoever you meet and impact, and wherever you go, God is helping you to live your life. You are an amazing person, and there are great things in store for you if you trust in Him. Here's one of my favorite Bible verses (I say favorite cuz it's one of only three that I know, ha ha)... " 'For I know the plans I have for you,' says the Lord. 'Plans to prosper you and not to harm you. Plans of a hope and a future.' " - Jeremiah 29:11 But yeah... Just keep it real and you'll do fine, all of you. I am going to miss each and every single one of you guys when we have to go our separate ways, and I cherish our time together so much more than you would ever realize. I have been truly blessed to have you in my life. Yeah, I guess I'm done with the whole rambling, wussy, sentimental blog. BUt you gotta do what you gotta do. Take it easy, constituents. And gig them hard. God bless

 This weekend should be good, but is off to a crappy start. I left school yesterday at 12:30 for a track meet 25 minutes away when my first race was at 4:00. That was the first sign that things were going awry. Soon after, there are threatenings of rain and thunder and lightning... hooray! But that is not a sarcastic "hooray" for if there is thunder and lightning the rest of the meet would be cancelled and I could go home and actually make use of my Friday night. However, God had other plans. I'll tell you about them. After the two mile race (my first of the day- which I did PR in, so that was good) is the designated hour-long "break" before Finals, and so the next events weren't gonna start until 5:30 anyway. Buuuuut those threatenings of rain and such became very real, and the meet was on the verge of being cancelled. Success! Home by 6:00! "Oh, not quite, biatch!" God said, as He slapped me upside the head for my insolence. The obviously Special Education meet directors decided to delay things an hour and a half before starting the next race, when all anyone wanted to do was go home. Sooo long story short, the meet was delayed a tremendous amount of time, and once they do start things going, they have trouble connecting each race, and there are often 15 minute delays between each event. Augh. And to top it off, it became very rainy and windy and cold, and I was very miserable. All I wanted most in the world for a period of 5 hours was to leave that meet. But it didn't quite work out that way... I can honestly say that was the worst and also least favorite track meet I have ever been to. But it's meets like those that make you appreciate the good ones. Really. I mean, you can't have all good meets or you'll just think "blah" about track. and I know that I've certainly had my share of good, fun, awesome (and early-ending) meets. But last night just... wow. I think Tyler put it all in perspective when it was still very much raining and cold and not fun at ALL, and we were sitting under the stands.. Well, he just kinda turns to me and says, "Dude (I had to put that- Tyler always says "dude)... It's a Friday night. We're here at a track meet that nobody wants to be at. We're never gonna leave this place. We're cold, wet, tired, and hungry... and we're watching a freaking worm ." Because we were. We were watching this nasty worm/caterpillar thing that was just slowly crawling around underneath the stands. It was pathetic. Our lives had climaxed to this point in time, and we were not happy. ANYWAY, enough bitching by me, because after the track meet, things got a lot better. Well, sort of. A good thing was that on the bus ride home, for my first phone call of the night, I rang Melissa at French Symposium and it sounded like she was having a good time. She also heard lots of weird things going on in the background of our conversation and has come to the conclusion that all track runners are closet homosexuals. Except for me. But once I got back to school a second phone call was made. Apparently things are flying that I've been saying stuff that just isn't true, and somehow I'm ruining my chances with someone that I like very much. Augh, relationships that are non-committal are harrrd. Well, after the meet (which didn't even end until after 11:00... aaaaugh) Tyler and I went to Denny's where we saw some fat girls that thought they were really hot, but in actuality he and I wanted to barf because their clothes were too small for their plus-size bodies. Then Alison came and met us there (even though she had gone home from the meet at 6:30 and already been to Denny's previously that evening) at about 12:15 a.m. and that was cool too. Theeen Tyler drove me back to school and we talked about manly things, like working out and chicks and how to have fun on weekends. So everything after the meet besides my second phone call was fun. And now I've just received news that I've been accepted to Texas A&M's Business School Honors Program. Cool, dude. Also, I've just been informed by my mother that costs to go there would total $2,048 a semester. Schwing! I guess this weekend's not starting off too badly after all... I just gotta focus on the good, and get out there and take advantage of the fact that I have minimal homework this weekend, and am a second-semester high school senior with a lot of good things going for him. *Smile occurring now* Ok, I'll stop boring you with this long and rambling post. But hey, I'm sticking true to not one, but two things about this blog: It's URL is "turquoise-ramblings" and I have thoroughly rambled. Also, the title of it is "Crap from My Life, " and I know you definitely got a lot of that in this particular post. I apologize, but at the same time I am realizing that I have nothing to be sorry for because you knew what you were in for when you signed the waiver to read this thing. You guys have an awesome weekend. :) God bless

 TyW469: do anything today? Strikingly Ross: went out to eat with family Strikingly Ross: and having cake and presents soon TyW469: fun TyW469: for what? Strikingly Ross: my birthday Strikingly Ross: didn't you know? TyW469: what TyW469: you didn't tell me that Strikingly Ross: ha ha, april fool Strikingly Ross: but it is my brother's b day Strikingly Ross: for real TyW469: your funny Strikingly Ross: i know i am Strikingly Ross : i'm good-looking too HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANDREW!!! All I can say is that I'm stupid. Big surprise. Best away message I've seen in a long time: Auto response from ky2124: SEAN your HOT.. but i have to go finish my homework!~ ;-) I want cake and presents now. So, I guess I'll go have them. :) God bless

 I guess this is a somewhat different way than most people comment on their graduations and stuff. A lot of people write a big long emotional paragraph and it's all profound and whatnot; I'm just gonna make a list. Well, two lists, but together they make up Klein High School, and offer a bit of insight into my own opinions and such. I'll start with the negative, so I can end on a positive, and happy note. THINGS I DIDN'T LIKE (OR APPRECIATE) ABOUT KLEIN HIGH SCHOOL: Bureaucracy AP tests Takings TAKS for no reason High school drama Track workouts Idiotic teachers Idiotic fellow students Slipping in my flip-flops when it rained Girls My early lack of confidence So much focus being on Top 10% Cliques Not enough religion Rumors Lots of dumb rules Calculus homework The people Couldn't cross the yellow line in the courtyard during lunch Standleaders that shouldn't have been Standleaders Rats in the school store... all over my Reese's Peanut Butter Cups! As you can see, this is a relatively short list. Now, I could go on forever about things I did like, but I'll try and keep it to the length of a novel. THINGS I LIKED (OR APPRECIATED) ABOUT KLEIN HIGH SCHOOL: Track and Cross country Amazing friendships Great teachers (a.k.a. Mrs. Schoen) Bearkadettes Bearkadette Escorts Hot cheerleaders Hot chicks in general Track workouts Speedball Y'know, I actually did like the sandbags Football games (they were great already, but even better as an Escort) Meeting new people, even up through my senior year Caring administration Exemptions! Walking around the school with Paul all of Counselor's Aide, instead of doing work Food Science and Nutrition (of which I am now an Oustanding Student) A Lunch B Lunch C Lunch Wide variety of foods to eat Familiar routines Making new friends Being crazy Easy classes I guess you've had enough for now, so I'll conclude with what made Klein High School so special to me for these past four years, and what will always hold a special place in my heart: you. And don't you forget it. I leave at midnight to go to Florida for a week. I'll return on June 6, so make lots of comments on my blog, and leave lots of messages on my cell phone, cuz I can't wait to hear from you once I get back. I'm going to terribly miss all of you who are not going, but it's only just beginning... Soon we'll have to say goodbye forever, and maybe... maybe this helps us get used to it, and ease the future pain a little bit. I dunno, just wait 'til I get back, then we'll have some fun! God bless

 Shrek 2 was really funny. I was happy to go see it, especially with Allison from Klein Collins, who I had not hung out with in a long time. I really like how God can make things work out... I had no plans for tonight, and was fast running out of options that were not "Stay Home and Be Bored." All of a sudden, Allie Mac jumped online, and on a whim I asked her to the movie, and it worked out well enough that we could go. See, just when you think you're "up Chocolate Creek without a popsicle stick," God steps in and helps you out. I'm not gonna say anything about graduation being in nine hours, cuz that's all everyone's been talking about in their blogs and Xangas nowadays... I just wanna keep it simple and lighthearted. Jovial, if you will. TyW469: and go to sleep, you have graduation early in the morning Strikingly Ross: ok, mom TyW469: thats damn straight TyW469: and i like little boys... little naked boys Ha ha, the last line I added in for dramatic effect, but otherwise it was all based upon real conversation, and no animals were harmed in the making of this production, and don't infringe on my copyright, and all that good stuff that they say. But Tyler speaks truth; I should go to bed, because as my grandpa always says, "You can't hoot with the owls and fly with the eagles." In layman's terms, I think it means something about not shaving your neighbor's pancakes. God bless

 Man, this morning was unbelievable. I woke up and really had to pee, and so logically, I went. I peed for like, at least 45 seconds to a minute. It was insane, it just wouldn't stop! Then it stopped. Barring working out, I just told you the highlight of my day. Oh, what magical lives we lead. Dinner tonight at HB Steakhouse. God bless

 I think now it's time for me to write a blistering social commentary on all things political, worldly, cosmopolitan, and popular. Whoops, time's up. I got to be a Confirmation sponsor this year, and my duty ended tonight with Casey (among others) getting confirmed in the Catholic faith. It was by far a really neat experience for me, even though I only just got confirmed last year. It was just cool and whatnot to be able to guide another person and offer advice and stuff in an area in which I have strong beliefs. It kinda makes me wanna become a teacher now... Even though the pay isn't that great, it's a very rewarding job if you do it right. Take Mrs. Schoen, for instance. The amazing woman works for chicken scratch, and yet she is one of the most dedicated and tough teachers out there. She is so nice, and caring, and understanding, and everything a good teacher can and should be. And though she doesn't reap huge monetary awards from her work, she earns so much respect and loving relationships with her students, which is more than worth any fiscal sacrifice. And her students succeed . She finds motivaation within them, and helps during falters, yet ultimately leaves the level of success up to the students. She's just so grand, you know? Does nobody have a graduation party tonight [Friday]? That's quite odd. Perhaps it is due to the commencement of GRADUATION at 9:00 on Saturday morning. Meh, could be. I just wanna keep typing and rambling on about stuff, about anything, but I know that this bores you, so I'll quit now, for your sake. I watched Without Limits today, and all I can say is that Steve Prefontaine was a freaking BAD ass . Such a hoss. God bless

 I think Rooney's music sounds like a mix between Weezer and The Beach Boys. God bless

 What I honestly dislike about the world is how there's so much animosity. I know everything can't be all sunshine and lollipops, but why do people hate other people so much? Ignorance is a thing of fools. But the whole Iraq toture scandal has made me think about this subject even more. I've pondered it before, and I am shocked and apalled as to the atrocities the human race has conducted upon one another. It boggles my mind and is just so freaking horrible that people can mistreat others to deadly, let alone any , extent. I just don't understand how a person can feel such vehement hatred towards another human being that they would degrade them beyond any recognition. And it doesn't even have to be physical abuse... Mental torture and psychological beatings are just as bad, if not worse. Such methods won't kill you and end the suffering like physical abuse would, but would make a person unstable and twisted for the remainder of their pathetic lives. People, be a light to the world. Treat others as you would like to be treated, and love your neighbor as yourself and all that jazz. But seriously; be kind to others. It's our only hope for the future. Go urlLink here . No reason, just try it. I mean, if you've got nothing better to do. God bless

 BgGsT lil DMBFaN: im attached to my mom =/ Strikingly Ross: some people are... it's called an umbilical cord I just got back from Senior Awards. It was well-deserved that the audience gave more applause and later a standing ovation to the people going to the military academies. I got an award for Outstanding Student in Food Science & Nutrition. I'm speechless. I kinda have a comment thing going on here now, but it's not in the right place (after the time). The "Comments" link applies to the posting above which it is placed. I'm working on fixing that. But yes, feel free to leave comments whenever you desire. G'day, mate. God bless

 I got a CD by some guy named Owsley. Hmm. Have you ever noticed how street names in neighborhoods often refer to nature? They always have some smarmy name such as "Whispering Wind Drive" or "Meadowcreek Lane." It's all the good sides of nature. You never see anything like "Starving Buffalo Avenue" or "Pack of Wolves Surrounding and Taking Down a Deer Street." That would be cool if they had those, you know, just to mix things up a bit. Well, spit in my face and call me Jessy: we graduate in four days. Shiggidy dang. I am eagerly awaiting the day when I can become another nameless, faceless entity in the global corporate infrastructure! God bless

 It's all over. It's all freaking over. I wanna say something profound, but I am at a loss for words. I want to use my extensive vocabulary to mark the occasion, but I repeat, I am at a loss for words. So I'll just say the two words that offer so much wisdom, so much truth, and that epitomize all that is good in this world: "Cheese. Squirrels." Those words have gotten me through some tough times. "We few, we happy few, We band of band of brothers; For he who sheds his blood with me today Shall be my brother." I consider every one of y'all to have shed a bit of blood with me. Some more than others, some hardly at all. But you have all impacted my life, each in your own special way. I thank you so much for helping me become the person I am today. I could not have been happier with the way I am turning out, and it is because of you. Through all the years, you've helped form me, and now I am the culmination of your by-products and feces. I mean, I am the culmination of your combined efforts to produce me as me . Be those efforts intentional or not, I thank you now and will always and forever be in your gratitude for being part of my life. Well, God had his hand in there a bit, to mix you all up, but He works through you... Graci . Spiderman 2 looks freaking awesome. rageatari86: reading ur profiles and my xangas makes me realize that u and i think too much Strikingly Ross: ha ha rageatari86: we should be like existentialists and say shit happens cuz it does Word to your mother. Keep it real, folks. For the love of it all, keep it real. God bless

 Crystal22812: well my dad was being difficult and instead of shredding papers he decided it would be a good idea to burn them in the bbque pit, so apparently a neighbor thought there was a fire I don't really have anything to talk about right now. Again. So I'll go to sleep, in anticipation of my last day of compulsory education ever. God bless

 I'm really tired and I don't know what to write. I know that today was good because I hung out with a lot of my senior friends, which was greatly needed. There was also some Fernando, Tyler, and Megan Singer (ha ha, don't worry, not that Megan) time, which helped to mix it all up some. I even saw Matt Clark and Mrs. Denton , which was very cool. HAPPY BIRTHDAY MEGAN! It was neato when I was at her house because I showed up just in time for cake, and it was decorated like a driver's license. Ah, to be young... I still have to take her out to eat somewhere though. Fernando and I lost our baseball game today. That blew. Thanks Pam for coming to watch. Thanks Spring Klein and YMCA leagues for giving me some great memories over the last 14 years. We've been through a lot. Augh, I am drained of all energy. I need to run and work out more; I am out of shape. Enjoy your Sunday. God bless

 "Day by day, nothing ever seems to change. Then, one day, you look back and everything is different." -Calvin and Hobbes Think about that. I like these lyrics that I made up: I'd kill for you But I don't know how Just tell me who And they'll die now Like me, I'll kill them like I kill me: Slooooowlyyyyy God bless

 Ok, I changed my mind and am not going to highlight my hair. It would look cool for a while, but having it colored for graduation would be kinda gay, and I want it to be its natural color when it grows out rreeeeaaallll long and sexy. Click urlLink this to see a hot Sean. Far right. My LAST BASEBALL GAME EVER IN ALL MY YEARS EVER EVER is this Saturday morning at 10:00 a.m. We play for the "Consolation Trophy," a.k.a. "Winner of the Loser's Bracket Trophy." It was cool at tonight's game, because Katie Liddell's little brother got ejected after he threw his helmet after a close call at first base. If you know him, he's like the last person one would expect to be ejected from a sport. Ha ha... Anyways, be there on Saturday, or I'll run over your pets with my car. I'm hoping this summer will rock like a boulder. Help make it great. God bless

 Today was ok. Hardly anyone was at school. Tomorrow we get our caps and gowns. Yikes! It's really almost over. One of the things that made today a bit special, in its own way, was when I was talking with Nick Williams after we'd worked out and then ran 3 miles. The conversation went a little something like this: Me: Congratulations, Nick. You just ran the distance of a cross country race. Nick (while panting): Phew! That was pretty tough. Me: You did well, you did well... That was right around three miles. Nick: Dang, that's the farthest I've ever run! Me: Sweet! Good job. Multiply that by five, and you have my best day. Nick: Wow, nine ! Silly juniors... Well I signed up for church camp today; I'll be going with the CFBC crowd. Fun shall abound. I do enjoy my mom's words of advice to me: "Ok, you can go, but don't let them baptize you." Diggity-dang, I'm tired. Working out combined with a full tummy of Spaghettios and tuna fish and little sleep makes for a tired Sean. I guess I should shower before my nap, though. I haven't washed my hair in a week. Delicious. God bless

 Strikingly Ross: those cardinal directions are always causing trouble complacentclancy: always playing with little boys and whatnot complacentclancy: oh wait, that's just cardinals I do appreciate the occasional Catholic joke... And then Tyler had this gem on Friday night: "Man, Ross, you always turn everything into something ." Ha ha, riiight, Tyler. Prom was good. After-prom at Galveston was awesome, because I jumped off a third-story roof into a pool, and lemme tell you, I can hardly wait until I turn 18 and then I go skydiving. Wow diggity. It was freaking hilarious mooning Pam's car, too. Me and Pat Flynn did so from the back of a truck after the beach, and she, Alison, Mandy and Melissa know they liked it. ;) It's dinnertime, followed by some good old sleepy-sleepy. God bless

 Prom. Yay. Galveston. Yay. Sleep. YAY! Don't feed the bear. While the rich man's tarsals are evicted on account of his disestablishmentarianism, the corporate logo of finesse in relation to gall has created nocturnal remission. Steer clear of beer, my dear. God bless

 Just to be atypical, I am not gonna write about prom right now. Dammit, I just did... I think (and hope) that the weather this weekend could turn out all right. It was predicted that rain/storms would occur, but after seeing that God could awesomely clear the sky this afternoon, who knows what possibilities exist? Sure some of these are raunchy, but funny and true. They are former "Prom Planning Tips" from theonion.com. Anyways: "Here are some tips to help make your prom night unforgettable: The prom is a magical experience, a chance to do such grown-up things as get all dressed up, drink nine Smirnoff Ices, vomit in a limo, and pass out in Mom's azalea bushes. The theme is one of the most important elements of a prom. Choose carefully between "Tropical Paradise" and "Stepping Out In Style." Do not attempt to finger-bang your date until a slow song comes on. Prom night is one of the most memorable nights of your life, so don't ruin it by neglecting to wax. No guy wants to go down on a gorilla salad. Don't forget the corsage! Fresh flowers are necessary to mask the smell of sweat and foot odor in your school's dank, poorly ventilated gym. Try to plan ahead, so you are not more than two or three months pregnant for your prom. Next to a bridesmaid dress, a prom dress is the most important dress you will ever wear. Achieve local celebrity and serve as a valuable cautionary tale by drinking too much at the post-prom party, plowing your Trans Am head-on into another car, and killing yourself, your date, and four kids from St. Vitus. Impress your date with corsages for both wrists, plus a third to strap to her forehead. If you were not asked to prom, you can still have fun by putting on a dress, buying a taco-salad party platter from the local Pic-N-Save, and dancing in your bedroom as a portable radio plays the latest Top 40 hits. Don't feel pressure to have sex just because it's prom night. Stopping at a tongue up the ass is perfectly acceptable. This will be the biggest night of your life if you happen to die in the next few weeks." Yeah. OK, so prom tonight followed by Galveston. It may be a while before I update. And if I do die, I heart you all. God bless

 I'm so sick of you, and I'm so sick of myself. Stop freaking patronizing me. I can see right through it. I put up with it for your sake, because I don't want to hurt you by exploding all over you. Instead of continuing to be insensitive the way that you are, I'd prefer you just punch me. In the face. And yes, I'm talking to you . You who are reading this sentence right now. Possibly aloud. But if you know me, and know I have a blog, you're probably old enough to know how to read without talking. So screw off. God bless

 There was only one catch and that was Catch-22, which specified that a concern for one's own safety in the face of dangers that were real and immediate was the process of a rational mind. Orr was crazy and could be grounded. All he had to do was ask; and as soon as he did, he would no longer be crazy and would have to fly more missions. Orr would be crazy to fly more missions and sane if he didn't, but if he was sane he had to fly them. If he flew them he was crazy and didn't have to; but if he didn't want to he was sane and had to. Yossarian was moved very deeply by the absolute simplicity of this clause of Catch-22 and let out a respectful whistle. "That's some catch, that Catch-22," he observed. "It's the best there is," Doc Daneeka agreed. God bless

 Depending on the condition of the fields after the storm and any possible rain today, I have a baseball game at 6 p.m. If we lose, it is my last game, because I'd miss our real last one for prom. If we win, I get to play again Saturday morning. Don't bother coming to watch either game; you haven't all season, so why start now? Besides, they're very boring for anyone not playing. Complicaaaaaaations. Woohoo! Weeeeeeirdness. Woohoo! I'm a reeeetard. Oh yeah! That's my new song. Do you like it? "And if that wasn't funny, then there were lots of things that weren't even funnier." Let's go, Houston Oilers! So much going through my head now. Not hardly thinking about the end of high school, which is in just about a week. Just thinking about people. Things I've done with them, places I've gone, conversations I've had. Memories from the past 13 years. It's all so different now. A lot different than I thought it would be. There are certain courses of action that I want to take, but I don't know if I can, because of... people. There are things I need to do and say, and if I don't act soon, I may miss my chance. Thing is, am I brave enough (or stupid enough) to go for the gusto? Or should I just let things be and hope something comes along to stir it all up? I guess we'll just have to see. Now is the time to step up to the plate and begin being a man. But am I ready? "Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people." God bless

 There is/was a possum in my yard this evening. My dog was barking at it as I pulled in the driveway, and it was really freaky-looking and angry and whatnot. It had its mouth open baring its teeth and was kinda swaying from side to side in the corner by the fence. I herded the dog inside with the broom (which doubled as an anti-possum-attack object) so the possum could be left in peace. I contemplated swatting at it myself with the broom, maybe to sheperd it along to another neighbor's yard, but I didn't wanna risk a big rabies misfortune. Strikingly Ross: there's a possum in my yard Crystal22812: let your dog loose on it Strikingly Ross: we did Strikingly Ross: she barked all up in its face and whatnot Strikingly Ross: but did not attack Crystal22812: wimp School was ok today. Rain can be good sometimes. Just not on prom day. Or the three subsequent days. Or whenever I don't want it to rain. I have nothing to talk about right now. I just want to go be content in my bed reading. And I think I can do just that right now. :) God bless

 I had an ok post in here earlier, but accidentally deleted it, and I'm too lazy to retype it for the third time. I'll just put my favorite part in. Quite often, when people need to get clean quickly, they'll tell others: "Hold on, I'm gonna jump in the shower," or, "Let me hop in the shower real fast." Now, if common sense serves me right (which it rarely does) then I think jumping or even hopping in the shower could be a bad thing. That's a great way to break an arm or two, but probably wouldn't aid in getting a person clean in a fast manner. I have a funny Ewok picture saved on my computer, but I can't get it to paste onto this blog, cuz I don't know how. Just ask me, and I can send it to you. Guess I'm going to bed now. It's been an interesting weekend, to be sure. Next weekend will be off the chain with funness. If that's a word. God bless

 If any girl wants to instantly and permanently win my heart, all she has to do is wear perfume that smells exactly like fresh-cut grass on a breezy summer's eve. God bless

 Baseball game was lots of fun tonight; I did well. Thanks for coming to support me. You know who you be. Van Helsing was pretty cool. I thought it was going to be really gay and campy, but it turned out alright. And the chick in it was definitely hot. I got decorating for the Doerre 8th Grade Dance tomorrow. Joy. Sleep now. God bless

 Blink concert freaking rocked everything. I don't have any senior friends. Whatever, that's cool. Fax this sheet. Fax this entire sheet. God bless

 If anyone wants to collaborate for Dashboard Confessional on June 12, let me know. I think it could be fun. I mean, I guess. I got a Buzz Lightyear Bomb from the Ice Cream Man (yes, it's a title, so caps are appropriate to me) near Jenn Elkin's house. She just watched from her doorway while I distracted myself from our econ project with the sugary confection. Turns out, the girl has never been to the Ice Cream man before... how deprived! Aaauuggghhh, I wail with pity. Today after school I worked out with Nick Williams at CFBC. It was cool, except the place charges you 3 bucks to do anything if you're not a member. It's a church- shouldn't they give away exercise or something? Isn't that what Jesus would do? By the end of the summer, I hope to be at least 10 pounds bigger and heavier than I am now. I plan to continue running, but also I want to keep working out with Nick this school year, and with a combination of he and Tyler this summer. If all goes as planned, the chicks will not be able to keep their hands off of me at A&M. Whoop! I need sleep. Wish me luck on Stat AP test tomorrow, second half of the day. God bless

 Holy crap, absolutely beautiful day outside. After tonight, I am finished with English until college. Nonsensical, rambling blurb. Left out, excluded, etc. Running = fun. Econ project with Jenn today shall be fun. Not sarcastic. Kylie may get to play soccer today. No more boot. This blogging style entertains me temporarily. I hate Caucasians. Love stinks. Arrid works. God bless

 Props to Raj for posting in my forum. And I know I put this upcoming pargraph into his "Comments" section on his Xanga, but I feel I need to spread this word far and wide. OK, I'll explain why I saw 13 Going on 30 with Jeff. He wanted someone to go see Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind with, and I told him I'd go with him. As it turned out, that movie wasn't playing anymore, so we checked the newspaper and saw that The Girl Next Door (the one with the porn stars or something- very choice if you ask me) was playing at 7:10. Sooo we called Melissa and Colleen and others but only those two could make it, so we went to the theater with the FULL INTENTION of seeing Girl Next Door. Turns out the newspaper lied, and that wasn't playing anymore either. Colleen wanted to see 13 Going on 30, so we just said "The hell with it" and saw that. I really don't recommend it for any guy to see unless you think Jennifer Garner is hot, which she only kind of is. I'd pick porn stars over her any day. I went running in the rain today, and it was quite neat. There was some thunder and lightning and stuff, but it wasn't too bad. It kinda sucked for Adam and I that we happened to go at a weak point during the deluge (we wanted hardcore downpour to run in) but it was still pretty cold and wet and windy, so we consider the morning a success. We jumped my hot tub after the run, and that's a cool feeling: after freezing one's A off in rain, get in a hot tub. And it was still raining at the time we were in, so that was a sensation I've never had before. Variety Show was really funny. It was my first one, and I'm glad I could make it to this, it being my senior year, and knowing all the Standleaders and whatnot. During one of the skits when they said, "I can name at least 10 senior guys who have dated sophomores this year!" I know they weren't including me in that 10. Because I never dated a sophomore. I came close, sure, but there was never anything official. It was always a constant and unwavering "I don't knowwww..." But the "Punk'd" skit was hilarious, and so was the football dancing. Ben Jackson stole half of his material from Jerry Seinfeld. Zach Panozzo (who hates me for reasons of which I am unclear) had one really funny comment, and that was regarding the mating habits of ducks and Klein High Cheerleaders. All in all I think the show was a rousing success, and congratulations to Tyler, Evan, Austin, and Nick (yeah I guess all the other people, too) for making Standleader! Yahoo! It's a drab, rainy and a solemn day. Perfect for lying in bed and reading. All I have to do is make the choice between Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil or Tim Allen's Don't Stand Too Close to a Naked Man . The latter is a comical book; I enjoy it greatly. Hey everyone, look out- the straw dog's out in the street. Hey now. There's chemicals in the clouds, and they're calling all the police. But they won't get to us anyhow. God bless

 I saw Fahrenheit 9/11 today with Jeff and Brent. Never have I had my own views and opinions challenged so much by a film. Wait, do I even have views and opinions on a lot of things? It's just that the movie made me think a lot, and it made some pretty radical presumptions. I can't really describe it right now; I still have to sort it out in my mind. Melyssa and I are going bowling tomorrow. She's a pretty cool chick I met at camp whom I'm hoping to be friends with, so I am looking forward to maybe breaking 100... But I know I'll win no matter what because she's a girl, and I am better than all girls at everything. Except dancing. And putting on makeup. And wearing lingerie. Well, the last one may be debatable... I would never eat a squirrel that hasn't bit me. I wonder if people ever thought that weresquirrels existed. Like werewolves, but with squirrels. God bless

 I grabbed the mail today on my way in from work, and in it was a letter addressed to me. The sender was "Saccomanno" and had Doerre's address as the return address. But the strangest part was, it was all in my own handwriting... It dawned on me that this was a letter I had written to Mrs. Saccomanno, my english teacher in 8th grade. I remembered that we had to write a letter to her as if we had just graduated high school and were looking back. I read it, with great expectations of funny predictions that were in no way plausible, but it turned out I just told about what happened to all of my friends. I don't know why. But here is my 8th grade "just graduated high school" letter: "Dear Mrs. Saccomanno, Thank you for helping me be a better person. Paul and I haven't gotten in trouble even once for zinging erasers down the chalkboard tray. Thanks for helping me maintain discipline. Brad Dodson has sold over one million dollars in software. I don't know what it does yet, though. Jeff Easley didn't follow his dreams, which is what he told me to do, and is now working as a part-time janitor at Klein Oak. K.C. Adams partied all during high school and is now a hippie roaming the country promoting peace. Paul Janus is graduating as valedictorian, and was voted "Most Successful." I got a 1600 on my SAT, and am accepted to LSU, where Amanda Vatne is going also. Her and I have been going out since our sophomore year, when she finally realized my potential. Raj Atri made a new cologne based on himself, and it is still the best-selling cologne in the history of the world. He was also voted "Most Likely to Find a Potato that Resembles Himself." Nolan Blue opened a shop that sells mysterious items for various reasons. He runs it part-time after school. Mo Wu and Richard MacNguyen started a band that promotes free love and drugs. Richard has an addiction to crack, but has fought against it, and hasn't touched any since 2003. After LSU, I hope to be an artist or a pro sports player. I'm not sure whether I'll pursue hockey or baseball. Amanda and I have been wanting to get married, and after we do, we might visit with Mo and Emily Hatcher. Anyway, thanks for everything, and maybe I'll come back and visit at Doerre. Maybe... Your best student, Sean Murphy P.S. I forgot to tell you that I was president of NHS, and was voted for having "Best Attitude Toward Life." Thanks again for influencing me. " Wow. I was a weirdo for thinking up that stuff. And *psh* Amanda Vatne? I'm way out of her league. Ha ha ha ha. I still manage to crack myself up, though. This was the highlight of my day (other than the boss not being at work) so I'll just log off now. I want comments on here if you got your letters, too. God bless

 Heh, I have a fever right now and it's even made my mood ring change colors. How neat is that? I'd say neater than a house cleaned by an illegal immigrant stepwife. Larry the Cable Guy had his moments, but the best for sure were the parody Christmas songs at the end of his show. Git-R-Done. GIMME TBS!!!! Sleep now... rrrrghhhhaaaghghargrhrghhhgghhh.... God bless

 Justin, I defy thee. Boo ya. Fernando says hi, everybody. He just won 27 bucks from us in a Texas Hold 'Em game that took 3 hours to play. Grrr... But now he is here for the night, and we'll stay up late swapping manly stories, and in the morning, I'm making waffles. Wait, it's technically already morning. Which means I need to sleep. Now. I thought urlLink this was really funny. The last paragraph was one of my favorite parts, because that is also how I feel about Miranda. Rock on. God bless

 Here's a tough question: Are there more songs or TV episodes? I mean, do all the episodes of all television shows since the 1930s or so when TV was invented (excluding sports broadcasts)outnumber the amount of songs ever written? It seems like if they don't, then they are catching up pretty quickly. Think about it; there are not that many new songs per week, but on TV there are a lot of new episodes in a week- during a season, that is. Yes, this includes all foreign songs and all foreign shows, too. I just wonder, you know? Anyway, here's one more for the music department. It's kinda like a half-serious, half-not-so-serious song. I'm thinking it could be a cool rock song. Acoustic would cool as well, but this needs drums for sure. September can't come soon enough Heading off for a brand new start All those friends and memories Holding close inside, we'll never part So eager to get away We've got potential to be filled Dream about success and failure The future has us scared but thrilled All those times we talked about it All those times we dreamed It's actually time to go It's finally time to leave Good luck Good luck to you, my friends Fortune follow you everywhere Right on through the end There were high times and there were low The friendships were tested, too So much that's going to happen So much that we've been through So many different thoughts and feelings As we look back and now ahead Reminisce about me someday Remembering this life you've led All those times we talked about it All those times we dreamed It's actually time to go It's finally time to leave Good luck Good luck to you, my friends Fortune follow you everywhere Right on through the end I guess you could say this is a send-off You might even call it a goodbye Moving on, but I'm still holding Hell no, I ain't gonna cry But sure as the Pope is Catholic And sure as summer's here I know that I am going to miss you When we all go away next year All those times we talked about it All those times we dreamed It's actually time to go It's finally time to leave Good luck Good luck to you, my friends Fortune follow you everywhere Right on through the end The end... *Yawn* I'm tired, so I'm gonna try and take a nap which I so desperately need. God bless

 Is it just me, or does it seem as if Oldies 107.5 is playing more songs from the 70s now than the 50s and 60s like they used to? These days, they drag. These nights, they fly. Gosh, I'm so tired right now. But it's cool that now Crystal knows how to jump a car battery if ever necessary. I think these two lines would be good in a song: Too much speculation Approach with trepidation Maybe it's because that's how I've done too many things in life; if I want something, I need to stop hesitating and thinking about it too much, and just go for it. And can dreams tell you the future, or are they just ridiculous fantasies concocted by an overtired and underworked mind? I was so happy in mine last night, I wish it was the future... and the cool thing was, when I woke up, it felt like it had actually happened. Like, I really couldn't remember if in real life I had done what I did or not, it felt so tangible. So, dreams that give such a secure and real feeling, are those the ones that become reality? Or perhaps it was one of those "could-have-beens" where it showed what could have happened had I taken a different course of action in the past. Yeah, maybe that's why it felt like I thought I had done it , not thought it was about to happen . Yargh, I'm a pirate, and dreams confuse me little mind. God bless

 I need a good post here. My more recent ones have been sporadic and sub-par. I apologize, dear readers. Dodgeball was rather comical. The characters went to a bar called the "Dirty Sanchez." Had you been in track with us last year, that would have definitely been the funniest part of the movie, as it was for us. Ok, something with meat; something hearty... I know- I'll talk about flying. I think something cool to do before the end of summer would be to take all my graduated friends up in an airplane to go flying. Now, the only planes I could arrange only hold four people at once, so I could only take 2 at a time, unless I skipped out a round or two, then three of you could go up with my dad. He's the one with the license to fly, so he'd be in the pilot's seat. But whoever sits as copilot, my dad would surely allow to fly the aircraft. Could you imagine that? Going to college and telling all of your new friends that you flew an airplane? You'd be laid in no time. I mean, you'd be well-respected and admired. But really, I could arrange it. The rides might only be about 20-30 mins long, but I'm thinking you might like them. Lemme know if you'd be interested. Now Jill... well, she gets a long flight on a different day, only cuz she smells funny, and so I pity her. I wanna say something knowledgeable and profound, but I just don't have it in me right now. Man, I suck at blogging this week. Let's play football. Being retired from running makes me yearn for physical activity. Not to say that being sedentary doesn't have its perks... What the crap is Cross Canadian Ragweed? I'm into the real CCR. For you culturally ignorant swine out there, that stands for Creedence Clearwater Revival. Some folks are born, made to wave the flag; ooh, the red white and blue... For now I must depart. I think that would make a good song title. Maybe. God bless

 So this Sharen chick, she thinks she's all fly and stuff. Well, I guess she is. Dang , Courtney Love is disgusting! I'm going to see Dodgeball tonight. In my next post, you will learn of my opinion of that movie. I'm really excited; everyone says it's hilarious. Yahoo for track and CC people! I haven't seen any of them except Fernando since before graduation! Damn me! Shiggidy dang doo bop. Mmmbop. God bless

 It seems (and I fervently hope) that amends have been made. That kicks serious A. I need to work on my people skills. I also need to work out more; I only bench like 150. Pathetic. Greg Kelly can just about double that. Augh for scrawniness. Rooney tomorrow night. Huzzah! God bless

 Ok, seriously people, don't take everything that might barely mention your name so personally. Observations of fact do not always reflect any kind of opinion, whether you perceive it as positive or, unfortunately and incorrectly, negative. Speaking of opinions, I hope urlLink this turns out a lot better than the last one. My socks are currently being rocked by Jill Kathleen. Last names aren't important. A girl on the cruise (Kristen) had the middle name Marie. Just like everyone else. We talked about that fact until I remembered that my middle name wasn't Marie, so not everyone utilizes it. I just ate a cube of cheese and some salami, and I can feel my heart fluttering irregularly. I don't have anything to talk about right now. It seems sleep is in order, as well as in high demand. God bless

 Seeing as the Spanish celebrate The Day of the Dead (El Dia de los Muertos), could today be considered The Day of the Dad? You know who I'm glad is gone? Those "Waaazzzzaaaaappppp!" guys. They were funny for about three or four minutes. Jill came to church with me today, that was fly. She saw how Life Teen mass is a lot like those crazy Baptists that I work so hard to avoid. Tyler showed up late and did nothing but make gratuitous comments the whole time. Ha ha, I heart that kid. It is time to go celebrate El Dia de los Padres. God bless

 Ok, so I come back from my cruise (which was fun, thanks for asking) and there are two huge frogs in my pool. Not only did I get them out of the pool with the skimmer net, but I used the same device to catapult them over the fence into the neighbor's yard. One hit a tree. Ouch. Rich people suck. Ask me to tell you about the falling lady. It's a real short story, but it was so intense when it happened. Yay, Hank is friends with Megan! Not the Megan we all know and don't love, but Melissa's twin! Yayyy! Medgeller rocks. Happy Father's Day, Fernando. I know your kid is growing up happy somewhere real nice right now. On the cruise, I ordered cheese for dessert twice, and one day lobster bisque, and another day broccoli-cheese soup. I guess I really only had dessert like once or twice. Oh yeah, Matt doesn't really have a kid. I was just joshing with that. Or was I? Also, Tyler's cool. God bless

 Well, I'm gone for another week. Bye. God bless

 Some blogs are extremely personal; the author constantly refers to themself and their immediate surroundings, and dictates the goings-on and inside knowledge of their day. Others are the opposite, where the author discusses world events or (my favorite) random observations about life itself that can be applied to anyone. I'd like to think that Crap from My Life is a comfortable medium, with a healthy balance between the two extremes. Though, if I had to say that I lean one way or the other, it's probably gonna be in that personal direction. Because you all know how selfish I am. Harry Potter 3 was really good. The new director made some obivous changes, and I think they were for the better. He left a lot of stuff out that was in the book, and things that were pretty important, but did an overall good job. The neat camera angles and panoramic shots were pretty tight, and the sequence in which Harry flies on Buckbeak (if you haven't read the book, see the movie and you'll know what I mean) is quite thrilling; it made me happy and smile just to watch that part. The one complaint I had was that there was not enough revelation and sentimentality such as was present in the book as Harry was learning about his father's past at Hogwarts. The scene where he learns the truth about Peter and Sirius and hears of some of his afther's exploitations... it just didn't grip and engage and make me want to hear more as the book did. In the movie, they don't even explain Harry's patronus, or who Moony, Padfoot, Wormtail and Prongs were. Wtf? Those are critical pieces of information. Also, there was no inter-house Quidditch Cup. Harry like, totally won that for his team in this book. Whatever. Pam is home! I think urlLink this is how I want to die. Please click the link, even though I don't want to die. But you'll make me want to if you don't click it, dammit! Tomorrow I can finally sleep past 8:25! In 24 hours I will be seeing/have just seen Dashboard Confessional at Relient Arena. Hey, they have a song on the Spider-Man 2 soundtrack (which, by the way, looks like an awesome movie)... that's cool. Complete and utter mainstream, here we come. Now, I'm not hardcore emo and exclusive in the music I listen to; I am hardly hardcore anything. But now eeeeveryone will know Dashboard and jump on the bandwagon which I so gratefully did last summer. Well I guess it's a good thing then: more people can share the joy and also angst I garner in my soul from listening to their music. Hooray for The Shins as well! Yeah, this was a healthy medium and balance, if I do say so myself. God bless

 Even more proof God exists: I was in a difficult conundrum in the sense that weeks ago Justin Pritchard had asked me to attend a concert put on by The Shins tonight, and just yesterday I come to find that Maria (who ironically happens to be his girlfriend) got 20 free tickets to the Laff Stop for the same evening. I didn't wanna have to choose between the two, and so I was slightly stressed about letting one of them down (I wanted to go to both events equally). As luck would have it, Justin came to the comedy show as well, and we went to the concert after the first show was over. And I bought a CD from the headlining comedian, who had a conversation with us, and signed the insert that goes in the CD case, and he was a funny fellow. And Tyler gave me a free smoothie. The comic randomly wrote the word "CALIG" on the insert (the CD's title is "Smackin' Kittens," ha ha) because he used the only pen Alison could find in her purse at the time, and it was a calligraphy pen. Socvb487's Profile: ALEX92 b (1:18:40 AM): every guy wants a girl who's never done anything before ..... but every guy wants to do everything with every girl .... ALEX92 b (1:18:48 AM): what the hell's the world gonna do And my response: Strikingly Ross: i don't wanna do everything with every girl Strikingly Ross: i wanna just make out, with only a few girls, until i'm married Socvb487: well than ur an exception Strikingly Ross: i'm not an exception Strikingly Ross: i'm the exception I'm also dead tired. Work is gonna drag like... a ...dragon...? God bless

 Ok, all you Thomases want proof of God's existence? Here it is in this nice little anecdote from lunchtime: I pulled up to the Sonic drive-thru speakerbox, planning on ordering a Chicken Club Toaster sandwich. On a whim, I ask the Voice on the Other Side ("And theeeeen?") if they still carry The Little Cheese as a menu item. The nice old man said, "Sure, I can make one for you." So, joyfully, I wait my turn in line and finally pull up to the window. As the greasy teenager hands my my bad of food, the old man next to him leans out the window and says, "Oh, I'm sorry, we didn't have any more Little Cheeses left..." "Ah-ha!" you think. "Now Sean is screwed, and he doesn't get the yummy menu item he ordered!" Just calm down and listen to the rest of the story... "...but we did have a Big Cheese for you, no extra charge. That thing'll last you all day!" And so I was completely overjoyed and ecstatic as I went back to work to eat my gigantic and delicious hamburger. Now, if that's not proof of God's existence, and the niceness of the human race, I don't know what is. Enjoy your day, I am off to the Game Stop with Fernando instead of napping... That monkey better be grateful that I am forgoing my much-needed booty sleep. Jeez, I'm retarded, I'll stop talking now. God bless

 Think about these two statements which both seem true (and probably are) and think about what in your life you would apply them to: "Everything worth living for is worth dying for." & "Everything worth dying for is worth living for." God bless

 This has the potential of being one of the greatest summers in the history of mankind. Sans acid rain, of course. OK, nobody take anything I say seriously. Please, I'm a f*ck-up, and I know it. I can't take this anymore. Sometimes my poop smells like roses. But most of the time it doesn't. Check that; all of the time it doesn't. God bless

 Why am I mean to people? They don't hardly do anything to me, but I lash out sometimes out of spite. Damn myself. God bless you, though.

 TyW469: so Strikingly Ross: so TyW469: got anything to tell me or say? Strikingly Ross: um Strikingly Ross: i hate your guts for being rich, white and upper middle-class I had a really good night tonight. :) Until I began to think of how I'm inadvertently screwing over my best friend. It's not related to the fun events of this evening, but rather to the un-fun events of the day. I just... I'm out of here. Predicaments, conundrums and complications abound. Huzzah. God bless

 I'll miss you, Ron Reagan. No more shall you appear on episodes of "The X-Presidents," or forget your wife's birthday, along with everything else you ever knew. Thanks for making my born-in decade a good one; you even got your name attached to it. "The Reagan '80s." Doesn't that have a nice ring to it? But again, thank you for being there for America and its music industry for such class acts as The Police, Bruce Springsteen, Heart, Cher's solo career, George Michael and Wham!, as well as Wang Chung, Fleetwood Mac, Rod Stewart, and most importantly, Huey Louis and the News. And who could ever forget David Bowie, who also acted in that piece-of-crap-yet-dementedly-interesting movie entitled Labyrinth ? Ronny, I salute you. I spent way too much time blogging on here today. Hee hee, I love it when I do that. Guard your loved ones from those with the Mark of Death; the reaper sows not, but harvests much. God bless

 So there's this chick Melyssa; she's pretty cool. 'Nuff said. I am so tan that I look black. Kinda. Hooray for Pam, and a mention in her blog. How I have missed her so... Things are running running running through my mind right now and I don't know what to think about any of it. Confusion again reigns supreme. I think now, however, it is time to shower and remove the four-day old bandage on my foot which covered the slight wound that I received from stepping on a seashell. My trip was a lot of fun, though, and if you wanna hear about it, just ask. Wait- how many of you even noticed I was gone? My creative juices are sapped for today, and what dregs remain wil be alotted to thank-you notes for friends and family for the $$$$$$$$$ I've been getting. I killed Mufasa. God bless

 Being away makes you realize that separating from friends for college is not going to be as bad as one might think. There is so much out there and so many amazing new experiences, that we are going to be so wrapped up in our own lives that old friends will hardly be remembered. That's not to say you will be completely forgotten; in quiet moments, reflection will bring about memories and thoughts of the past, and wonderment on what you are presently doing. But the pace of my new life will be so hard to keep up with, and you will be unintentionally and sadly forced from the foremost thoughts in my cramped cranium. Please accept my preemptive apologies. It's good to be home; AIM, how I have missed you. I wanna try and wean myself from it, however, but that may prove unsuccessful, especially if my boss does not call me in for work in these next few weeks. Time to depart now; I will do a funny blog later, I hope. God bless

 I hopefully never have to harm a squirrel. Look at the clock at the bottom, the time this post was, well, posted. I always catch the clock... God bless

 Yeah I killed her. So what? I've never actually been to the Orient, and I've never been high. I think that I'm using the word as a synonym for "good," "fun," and "cool" al at the same time. But the Orient... eh, I just don't see myself returning to a place I've never been to. I just watched Eurotrip, and it was quite funny. Now I'm going to return it so Spamela doesn't have to. Lucky her. Following the returning of the video, I shall go to Denny's and eat something delicious. But it can't be too expensive, as my funds are limited. Yes, by myself, you moron. Why would I go to a public place to eat with anyone? Hope you're having fun on the way to Virginia, urlLink Jewel . *UPDATE TO THIS POST--- 11:00 p.m.* Ok, so I ended up taking my brother with me to Denny's. Sue me for not going by myself. Really, sue me in court and see how much of my savings you can rip away from my cold, lifeless fingers. A neat (and quite true, if I may add) exceprt from the book I'm reading: He wasn't ready to die. He didn't want to be rushed into it. He needed more time to think about it. After all, a person died just once. Anybody who let himself get killed was just plain stupid. The world was a wonderful place to live. No matter how revered he was in life, a dead person was so completely out of things. Even his own relatives soon forgot him and quickly reshaped their lives without him. This is something darn veritable; dead people do seem to be quickly forgotten and phased out of the lives of whom they used to be a part. It is going to work almost the same way this coming semester. It seems that the only way I'll be able to bear being away from anyone is to forget them. I just love my friends too damn much to let them go away from me; I want everyone to stay. It seems that all I can do is forget them for a while so that I won't hurt so much because of missing them. The only difference is, we won't be dead, just separated from each other. It seems to me that I'd almost prefer I was the former. Kellyo came over today! I hadn't seen her in a long time and thus it was cool to chill a while this afternoon. I really wanna go see John Fogerty with her in Austin next weekend, but as of now, a certain parental unit won't let me drive there, so I am at a loss for transportation. If anyone's going to Austin next weekend, take me with yooouuuu! Time for me to resume my intellectual activity, because as we all know, huked on fonix wurkd four mee. Au revoir, mis amigos. Boo-ya, proof that you can mix two languages. God bless

 Read the title. It's so totally &nbsp; do-able. No pun intended. Someone put signs in my yard with odd and random phrases written on them. That's hot. Don't know or even care who it was, I merely like the fact that it added just a little bit of something unexpected to my night. I played baseball tonight; it was one of the best times of my summer. I love I love I love baseball. It was a cool pickup game and whatnot, and I had a good time. I also beat Fernando and the defending Home Run Derby champion Kelly Greg to take home the title of... Home Run Derby Champion. I was really cranking some out there, man... lifting weights pays off. Ain't it great when you can go back to parts of your childhood (like random summer baseball) and be mature enough to appreciate it for how fun and awesome it is? Yeah, I hate that stuff too. Man, this Jewel girl, from Levelland, TX... She's got me all sad now because she's about to start high school and I'm all done. :(&nbsp; It's got me thinking about all the great times that I'm never going to have again, and the tears begin to fall like inebriated squirrels from tree branches. But the scenario makes me so excited, too, because I can offer as much misguided "wisdom" as I want! Ha ha, this girl's gonna end up a hobo! Joshing; I really am stoked though, because I can impart some of my oh-so-extensive knowledge base to such a promising young woman. Plus, she's Catholic and she runs- muy cool-o. Check out this out-of-this-world conversation. Again, no pun intended: Strikingly Ross: i had sex with a pillow tonight Strikingly Ross: in space madnessmia21 signed off at 1:09:43 AM. I think this ol' blog has had enough for one post. She's gettin' ornery in her old age, so I try not to load her up with too much baggage at once. God bless

 I've got time to burn before working out with the oh-so-handsome Nick this morning. Ha ha, only he would know that I'm saying that in a hetero way... Anyway, thanks to Raj for the inspiration&nbsp;as well as the means for this post. If you could live anywhere where would it be? Australia; I met a girl at the beach who says it's amazing living there Whats your biggest regret? You know my motto. Favorite movie? &nbsp; Monty Python and the Holy Grail &nbsp; Favorite line from a movie? "Whatever I want to! GOSH!" - Napoleon Dynamite; "Death is but the next great adventure." - Hook Favorite song or (failing that) the last song you listened to? I wanna say Konstantine, but it's probably "Hands Down" or "Again I Go Unnoticed" by Dashboard. I also throughly enjoy "Drama Summer" and "Three's a Charm" by The Starting Line. Geez, 5 favorite songs. I think the question only wanted one. Well, suck it, question. What is the first thing you can remember? Being stung by a bee which flew out of a wood chipper when I lived in NY, ca. 1988-89 Whats the last thing you want to see before you die? The people I love... and my whole estate converted into hundreds, if not thousands, of pieces of&nbsp;gold bullion Whos the last person youd want to see before you die (assuming you died soon)? &nbsp;You Whens the last time you told someone you loved them? &nbsp;Verbally? Probably January&nbsp; Are you pro-life or pro-choice? Pro-life What is something you are deathly afraid of? &nbsp;Open water, like that movie coming out When were you in the most physical pain? Final 100 meters of senior year district CC meet Emotional pain? &nbsp;Every time I know that I'm not wanted, either in a social setting or in a friendship&nbsp; When were you happiest? &nbsp;When I was young and would go to Gulf Shores (from which I recently returned, but not being young, it just wasn't the same) What happens after death? I will go to Hell, though I aspire for Heaven Whats the last book you read? Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil underlined the title of the book, and also not capitalized articles or prepositions! Whos your favorite relative (feel free to share an amusing and non-dysfunctional anecdote)? My&nbsp;cousin Richard. We are always such idiots together and I love it; we've&nbsp;had a plan for years&nbsp;to coat ourselves in Rogaine before Gulf Shores, thus becoming extremely hairy, like Mexican Wolf Children. Then, we had planned to lie in wait in the water and burst out running and screaming crazily whenever a hot girl might go by, and she would be scared poopless by our wolfiness. We were thinking of maybe humping her leg as well, but that's a toss-up; we'll see how we're feeling at the time. Whats your favorite thing about yourself? My former spontaniety Ever experienced unrequited love? &nbsp;Hi, I'd like to introduce you to Amanda Vatne&nbsp; Have you ever been hung over? Nope How about stoned? &nbsp;Heck no, I don't touch drugs&nbsp; Ever given serious thought to the idea of death (not necessarily in a suicidal sense)? Hellooo, I'm Catholic.&nbsp; Plus, Death is but the next great adventure. How about marriage? Such a binding, but sexual, institution Have you designed a mental image of the person youre going to marry? &nbsp;Hot, clever, spontaneous, hot, fun, loving, fun-loving, hot, intellectual, and mostly hot Do you want to have kids? Like bunnies, that's all I'm gonna say Would you ever have a one night stand? I am a guy, so that speaks for itself.&nbsp;But honestly, if it involved, um, intercourse, then&nbsp;I would not, cuz that's not until I am betrothed Would it make a difference if the person were really hot? &nbsp;I used to think so&nbsp; Which is better: obscurity or infamy? Obscurity; I'd rather live a simple and unnoticed life and go to Heaven than be of the Hitler type and go elsewhere Would you rather die of hunger or thirst? That's a toughie- I hate being hungry, but the feeling fades after 24 hours or so of no food... but thirst one dies quicker; I'll&nbsp;pick thirst Which is better: spontaneity or having a purpose? You can have both, but I'll say purpose, because you can't live your entire life spontaneously and get away with it Do you ask yourself about the meaning of life? &nbsp;Uh huh&nbsp; Did you come up with an answer? Yeah. Oh wait, was I supposed to reveal that here? Would you die for someone else? Anyone on the face of the planet Anyone specific? No, but if I died for you, that would make it extra special Would you want to be president (of the United States or the country of your choice)? &nbsp;Only if I can get your mom to be my intern Do you care more about yourself or the happiness of others? &nbsp;Others, by far&nbsp; When was the last time you did a completely selfless act (assuming such exists)? Well, the extent of it wasn't huge, but I gave away some gum to people in Raj's car Where will you be next year? At what point in time next year? For school I'll be in College Station, TX... God have mercy on my soul Where do you hope to be 10 years from now? &nbsp;Dead or leading the best life that I can. Dead would be cool, though ---------------------------------------- Yay, wasn't that so much fun? I know I'm definitely ready for another round, that was like party central. Hopefully I'll get to play golf today- I'm off from work, so I'm freeee like crazy. Yahoooo. Keep up the good work. Hey, wanna know something cool? I know Jewel and you don't! You guys are the suckers now! God bless

 Yeah, I'm an idiot again. I begin to think on the off-chance that taking a risk will bring rewards, but again I discover how wrong I am. I still got my "No regrets" motto holding strong. Just because I stepped out a little bit and failed doesn't mean it wasn't worth trying. Everything is worth trying. It's just that every time I do, it never quite&nbsp;works out how I'd like. Funny how God puts that in front of me constantly; I bet it's actually for my own good. Darn Him and His amazing foresight. Just joking, Big Guy! What happened to the comments? I set a new world record with about 8 or 9 on a few back, and the last two or three posts have merited no reader feedback. What gives? Hey, somebody, anybody, call me tonight with something to do. I'm about to have a first and put my cell number in here, in the hopes that some random hot blogging girl stumbles upon this and decides she wants to make out with me, and then I'll hop the next plane flight to Minnesota and we'll proceed to get down and dirty on the shores of a beautiful lake. Anyway: 281-687-3500.&nbsp;It's no charge after 7 p.m., kinda like your mom. I love working out; it's what I live for now. And since I just finished, I must now go enjoy my favorite after-workout protein boost of tuna fish in Spaghettios. Ohhh baby, I'm salivating right now just thinking about it. Speaking of salivating, I've compiled a list of articles/accessories that make a girl unbelievably hot. I've been meaning to put this in here since practically June,&nbsp;and I finally remembered to do so.&nbsp;Wearing just one of these things makes me go wild; all of them in conjunction would probably kill me. So keep it to a minimum, but also to a maximum... if that makes sense. Anyway, here's what's irresistable on girls: Hats Capri pants Short skirts (but not to the point of immodesty) Choker necklaces Bangs in the face Leather or hemp bracelets Handbag/side backpack Flippy-outty hair Khaki or denim jackets with slighty flaring lapels A rough bun, with those two pieces that come down on both sides and frame the face A winning smile and fun personality So ladies, if you (or your mother) qualify for any of the above, meet me under the stadium bleachers at midnight for some... intellectual discussion and debate. Happy 500th post. God bless

 I was in church today, and I did some thinking. There was the obligatory part about how I'm a piece of crap sinner, and how I want God to show me his mercy for my wrongdoings, but a new and different thought entered my head... Jesus lived to serve others and to make them happy. That's not what He died for, but it's what He lived for. If I want to live how Jesus lived,&nbsp; should try and do the same things. Combine that with the joy I always get in making others happy (even if it only be one person) and there you have the recipe for something magical: I'm keeping my freaking blog. Okay, you happy now? I realized that quitting is selfish, because it fulfills a desire that only I want. But like I said, even if it would only make one person happy, I would continue doing it. So, I will. Dang you all to heck. And back. I'm only doing this because I love you. Everyone needs to see Napoleon Dynamite . That is all I have to say about that. I'm home until August 20, when I leave for school. Many people I know are leaving before that. It's really upon us now... I'm tired of blogging. I don't have anything interesting to say. Stephanie's hot. God bless

 Realizations:&nbsp; To realize&nbsp; The value of&nbsp;fifty years:&nbsp; Ask a man on his deathbed.&nbsp; To realize The value of ten years:&nbsp; Ask a newly&nbsp; Divorced couple. To realize The value of four years: Ask a graduate. To realize&nbsp; The value of one year: Ask a student who&nbsp; Has failed a final exam. To realize&nbsp; The value of nine months:&nbsp; Ask a mother who gave birth to a still born.&nbsp; To realize&nbsp; The value of one month:&nbsp; Ask a mother who has given birth to a premature baby.&nbsp; To realize&nbsp; The value of one week:&nbsp; Ask an editor of a weekly newspaper.&nbsp; To realize&nbsp; The value of one hour: Ask the lovers who are waiting to Meet. To realize The value of one minute: Ask a person&nbsp; Who has missed the train, bus or plane.&nbsp; To realize The value of one second: Ask a person&nbsp; Who has survived an accident.&nbsp; To realize The value of one millisecond: Ask the person who has won a silver medal in the Olympics.&nbsp; Time waits For no one. Treasure every moment you have. &nbsp; The past week has been fun, but has passed like it does every year; too quickly. It seems like the days can go slow sometimes, but when I look back on the week, it's zoomed past me yet again. But time in general doesn't stop, either. The time we have left with our friends before college, the time we have in college, the time we have before we become old... the time we have before we die. I swear to you, every second must not be taken for granted. The time that is most pressing on me right now is the time I have before my friends and I all change. After this summer, the next time I see everyone would quite possibly be Christmas break. And after a whole semester at college, we are going to be quite different. There are just so many things awaiting us that will change us, some for better or worse. It'll be great to see people again, but there is no way it could ever be the same it is now. And right now I want to cherish the way relationships&nbsp;are now, which will soon be gone forever. And by the time we graduate college, are we still even going to be making any effort to see each other anymore? I doubt it. Sure, there will be those "bff's" who are going to try so hard to keep things the way they were in high school, but other than that, people will be having internships and real jobs and even families to worry about, not to mention moving and starting again elsewhere. So, even if, on the odd chance, anyone is back in Spring, TX at the same time as their friends, would it be worth it to try and see them again... just to make small talk and catch up on what the person has been doing but not on who they are becoming? Right now we know more about our friends than we ever will. Once everyone leaves and diverges from wach other, we'll know of an increasingly smaller amount of their lives, and also about them. Their personalities will be altering and we won't be able to keep up with that. But back to time. I've noticed that I just keep growing up and changing, all because time is passing. Everyone else before me has had to go through it, but I feel special and privileged, and I want to be able to slow time down and mabe even halt it altogether; why can't I do that? I don't want to not be in control. I think that's one of my big problems with time- the fact that I can't control it, and I am always at its mercy. It changes me and everyone around me and limits the occasions and happenings in my life. I want to know that I can always see someone again, that I always have the opportunity to make 100 trips to Europe, that I can always live. But... Death is&nbsp;the next great adventure. Bring it on. God bless

 ~ Back again am I. ~ &nbsp; My trip was fun; don't ask about it because I don't want to tell you. Nothing personal, I just don't want to talk about it. Guess what part of me grows to four times the normal size when excited. &nbsp; I thought urlLink this was kinda funny. I don't know which one I'm picking this fall. I like the lightning bolts. ~ &nbsp; So there's people I know I'm gonna miss, and those that I won't know I'm going to miss. While at Fernando's house today, I was looking through the most recent&nbsp;yearbook and saw a lot of people I'd already forgotten about, but will miss. Not that I've forgotten them, I'd just forgotten about them. Stupid college, it's scattering the few friendships I actually have. There's not really much I want to say right now. I just don't really have any material, I'm sorry. Oh, and now look: I only have three more posts left. &nbsp; Eff this ess. People are stupid... Nobody really specific that I can think of right now, it's just a general observation I've come to realize and appreciate over the past 24 minus 7 years of my life. The answer is my pupils. God bless

 Sean Murphy, Your ideal job is a Top Gun Pilot. Heeeellll yes. Ok, I've got one person who's advised me to keep the blog, but none who actually want me to. Sooooo, four more posts left after this. Today's been a pretty mediocre day here at the beach; nothing out of the ordinary or really spectacular. Worked out at 7 a.m., then came home at 10:30 and went swimming at pool and beach. We saw stingrays. Yaaay. My little cousin had me let her stand on my shoulders and spin around and jump and twist around and finally throw her. A lot. Tiring bonding, man. Tomorrow my dad's taking everyone flying. But I'm the Top Gun pilot, dammit! 15 year old chick left today; I did not get a chance to say goodbye. Oh, Darn. Now I'm stuck in the midst of a lot of hot 14 year olds. Stupid beach. I'll see y'all soon, if I don't die. God bless

 I'm having a lot of fun here in L.A., and I fear my return home. For that would imply that summer is&nbsp;over... I have always used this trip as a marker for the end of summer, and it kinda seems that this year is no exception. I still have month left after it's over, but still... it feels like it's gonna be over. I dunno, I'm just rambling. &nbsp; Ha ha, Tyler, you're gay. &nbsp; Which reminds me... &nbsp; Today as my cousin and I were driving on our way to play racquetball and pool and such, we saw a Bronco in front of us with the license plate reading "GABOY."&nbsp;It took us a few minutes,&nbsp;and we&nbsp; still couldn't come to the correct conclusion of whether it was a French last name, or was labeling the driver as a flaming homosexual. &nbsp; I have an inkling that the person who has run in Audubon Park is Eberhardt, but I can't be sure... &nbsp; Right now I'm still planning on discontinuing my blog after post number 500. No one is going to keep up reading this once they get into the swing of things at college- trust me on this.&nbsp; Time is gonna be spent making new friends and doing things that involve them. I'll try and catch up with you guys over Christmas Break. &nbsp; UNLESS &nbsp; I receive a big response from a buncha people that want me to continue it. I don't know why you'd want me to, though. Raj claims this sucker is funny, but I'm not sure I see that either. I'm like&nbsp;Miss Cleo when not on acid- I can't see anything. &nbsp; I went to go watch the Blue Angels practice this morning; it was really cool. They kinda play a game of chicken, and then twist (not turn) and barely avoid crashing into each other. The synchronized loops and such were awesome as well. But it's kinda like that comic whom I bought the CD from who also wrote "Calig" on the front of the cover with Alison's calligraphy pen...&nbsp;During one&nbsp;of the tracks,&nbsp;he asks, "What is the purpose of the Blue Angels in a combat situation? America spends millions of dollars to fund these things that fly around setting off car alarms... What's gonna happen when they fly over the combat zone? Will the enemy say, 'Americans must suffer and pay, in the name of Allah... Oh no! It's the Blue Angels! Everybody drop your weapons, it's a perfect diamond! Look at the intervals, a perfect diamond! Hurry, let's get out of here before they do a loop-the-loop! I fear the loop!' " &nbsp; Priceless. &nbsp; Well, I've met a chick here at the beach, but she leaves tomorrow morning. Dang. Also, she's um, fifteen years old. She's cool, kinda hot, but fifteen. I think I'm going to pass on that. &nbsp; With luck, maybe some new girls will show up; that would rock like a boulder. It's my only hope.&nbsp;As I've said in Raj's Xanga, "Damn those unwilling girls from Spring, TX." &nbsp; We've also been having good food and stuff here, too. The first night was boiled shrimp, followed by red beans and rice, gumbo, and tonight is prime rib. I think we've got tacos tomorrow, I guess that's cool. &nbsp; I'm going to miss you guys. &nbsp; And in case you weren't entirely sure, L.A. stands for "Lower Alabama." &nbsp; God bless

 I have six more posts left on this sucker before I retire it. I'm stopping at&nbsp;exactly 500. And Raj and Pam, I was thinking about stopping long before you guys actually did, I have just been waiting for the precise time. And that time is nearly upon us... &nbsp; Yeah, people do analyze things too much, and I am not the only one. They incorrectly analyze things that I say and do, and that's what sorta ticks me off. They think they know how I'm feeling about&nbsp;a situation when they don't. Augh, life is stupid sometimes and people are stupid, and I am certainly no exception to the rule. But I'm not mad at any person, just the situation, so cool it, y'all. "No hard feelings" means "no hard feelings, " ha ha. &nbsp; Sure, camping would be fun and Laff Spot would be good, but it just always seems that Life screws me out of those huge fun things that everyone does. I'm always in town for the nights of "nothing to do" at people's houses, but when something big and uncommon comes along, I always miss it. Every time, the unordinary manages to sneak by me. That's what really gets on my nerves. &nbsp; I just have to learn to let go and experience my own experiences, and be happy with that. The things I do on my own, that no one else gets to experience... those are the ones I have to treasure. The lonely runs through the park in New Orleans- now how many of my friends can say they've gone running in Audubon Park? The quiet reflection time on the balcony of our condo at the beach, or sailing Sunfishes at the marina in Florida- everyone else is probably at work. Getting "tackled" by my four year old cousin in the backyard and later&nbsp;teaching him how to play baseball- while all my friends are about to head to Galveston for the day... those are the things I should be content with. I need to learn how to be happy with what I've got, and stop worrying about all the crap that I don't have. &nbsp; Geez, I feel like an idiot. &nbsp; But at the same time I can't help but yearn for those times with friends (who will never appear in the same light after this upcoming semester, and vice-versa) that would be out-of-this-world fun. It's human nature to want something desirable, especially when it's just out of your reach. &nbsp; Oh well, I'm going to work out and play golf today with my cousin who I haven't seen in a year, who also just graduated high school. He and I are closer than I'll ever be to you, so I should be glad I'm spending time with him, somone who really connects with me. Plus, not many of you can say you've really broken from your daily routine to play golf or any other kind of activity to disrupt the monotony. &nbsp; Eat that, Mary Jane. &nbsp; I apologize, I&nbsp;think I'm tired and cranky. Poop. &nbsp; We're boiling shrimp today; again, something many of you may have never done. Ha ha, yes Tyler, I know you're Cajun too, so I expect rebuttal from you. &nbsp; I'm out for now... vacation is calling me. &nbsp; God bless

 I apologize to everyone for my bad mood yesterday. The run I went on with the Markowski twins last night helped a buttload; stress is now gone. Enjoy your summer. God bless

 You can tell drive-thru is good when you can see the grease from the food seeping through the paper bag. I don't have much to say right now. Earlier I had some stuff in my head that I wanted to put down, but it seems I've forgotten it. jessiesdoghaus: how have you been Strikingly Ross: ok- my eyes hurt a lot... my hair is just at the length that the tips are constantly poking my eyeballs I wish I wish I wish Jessica Simpson would make out with me. Willingly. Which brings me to the good point I saw in the comics today: A hot lady walked by, and two men were standing across the street looking at her. Bob* said to his friend Jim, "Geez, it's amazing how scantily clad women are dressing these days." Jim agreed, but added his own post-note, "Yes, but I don't know whether to be excited or appalled." *Names have been changed to protect privacy. But honestly, when women dress in revealing clothes, half of me wants to ogle them and say "YOWZA!" really loudly and bug my eyes out in a cartoonish fashion, and then go do inappropriate things to said women. But the stronger (thank God) part of me just kind of thinks, "Man, it's a shame where our society is heading..." Man, I've been blown off like three times already today, and it's only 6 o'clock. I love my friends. Muscle Beach, coming up. God bless

 There's a lot of songs out there that refer to summer, let alone utilize the word in the lyrics. I think summer is the most sung about season (besides Christmas, which, if you think about it, many [yes, I know, not all ] of those songs are about Christmas Day itself, which is not a season) and thus it should rightly be. Summer is the best season ever. And summer, and summer, where all the girls bare olive shoulders And summer, and summer, where all you hope for is another And summer, and summer, where night belongs to lust and lovers And summer, and summer, and I am here to win you over You will be mine this year Love carried over from spring has been kicked into high gear, you don't have to harvest crops for another two months, and there's that whole thing about the "not going to school" that makes it even better. We'll all be gone for the summer We're on safari to stay Tell the teacher we're surfin' Surfin' USA But realistically, it seems that people like to write about summer because of the memories made during the season. It seems that summer holds the largest concentration of fun memories for many people, and thus when a songwriter uses the word "summer" in a song, it conjures in the listener a happy and also somewhat nostalgic feeling. It's kinda like Pavlov's experiment in the sense that there's the stimulus: the word "summer" being used, and a response: drooling over the great feeling you get hearing the word. The word association is just too much for some to handle, and they go overboard and buy whatever album the musical artist puts out that contains a song which contains the word "summer." Got my first real six-string Bought it at the five-and-dime Played it 'til my fingers bled Was the summer of 'Sixty-nine Now right now you're either annoyed with that word, or you're just completely overjoyed because I've typed it so many times and every instance that you read it your happy feelings increase tenfold. There's also songs that remind me of summers past. For example, last year was Sheryl Crow's "Soak Up the Sun" and that Uncle Kracker ripoff of "Gimme the Beat." Jason Mraz and Jewel also appeared a lot on my radio last year. Damn them. I think the year before last was that other Uncle "Krap-er" song, "Follow Me." That song is sooo about adultery, and so I hate it even more than I might if I hardly listened to the words. Here in this diary, I write you visions of my summer It was the best I ever had There were choruses and sing-alongs, And that unspoken feeling of knowing Right now is all that matters I'm guessing this summer brings to mind such "hits" as "Caroline" or "Poo poo" or whatever that Outkast song may be called, along with Maroon 5's "This Love." Ugh, and my absolute least favorite, yet it comes on all the time because the radio DJ's still think it's cool, is Hoobastank's "The Reason." I liked it the first time I heard it. That's it. Seriously, that song gets on one's nerves faster than Beverly gets on any guy. Anyway, it's about time for the All-Star Game to start. Plus, I think I'm out of material. I think I'm no longer functioning because I'm lost in summer... So long sweet summer I stumbled upon you and gratefully basked in your rays So long sweet slumber I fell into you now you're gracefully falling away... God bless

 I've noticed that when things are going wrong or weird, people try to pretend like nothing has happened. They continue to put up a front to the rest of the world that says, "Hey! I'm 100% okay! Don't you fret about me!" I wonder if we (humans) do it because we really don't want others to worry about us and have to put theselves out in order to help our situation. It's like, even if our own life sucks, we don't want to infringe upon the [possibly faux] happiness that others possess. Now, I'm not saying that we should go around always moping and whining about anything that goes awry. But these days, everyone is so patronizing, that nobody really connects anymore. The true sides and emotions of people are never shown, and thus no one can ever really know anyone else. That kinda sucks. I'm not commenting about anyone in particular, this is just a trend I've come to notice over the past year or so. The more we buy into the false show that has now become our daily routine, the more we lose our own life. We miss out on great opportunities to truly know and love others because we ourselves (as well as those others) feel the need to display to the outside world the pretense that we're invulnerable and can handle any and all situations by ourselves. There are also a lot of deep thoughts that go in some of our heads which are never shared, quite possibly because we fel so condescening that we think no one would understand. But there are many people out there who have been through and known a lot of the same situation and feelings. Or just a listening and loving ear can be all a person needs to feel better about themselves and about everything. So in short, I guess I wish people would open up a bit more, instead of stifling themselves with their own notion that all everyone wants to see is a cheerful disposition 24/7. Let reality in a little bit, and you may be surprised to find that you can increase and enhance relationships and your love of life and others, and find appreciation in so much more than you ever thought possible. God bless

 Ok, so I changed the layout. Yes, I am bad-ace, huh? The previous one was cool, with the changing colors and stuff, but it was hard to navigate the page using the scroll bar; something in the layout code made it effed up. If the purpose of my blog is to provide cheap entertainment to all of you, then so be it. There's nothing else to do in this one-horse town. I want to write some big long post about something really cool that will generate a lot of comments (I like reader feedback! Comment more often!). However, I'm a little verklempt. This may be able to get you responding. onehopelessdream: i dont want you to masturbate sean Talk amongst yourselves. ........................................ So, did you hear the latest news? Roger Clemens has herpes. No, not really. Man, I have so much cleaning up to do today. I gotta get the goat poop out of the carpet, clean up all of the empty liquor bottles out of my sister's closet, scrub the throw-up off of the dining room ceiling, pick up all of the plastic cups from the floor, repair the 4' x 6' hole in the living room wall, reassemble the smashed television set, buy new and unslashed tires for both cars, and surgically re-attach the dog's left front leg. And all of this is because of the wild kegger and other various alcohol parties I had when my parents were gone. Again, not really. But it really puts things into perspective, huh? The fact that I could have done a buncha crazy things like that, but didn't, gives you faith in me, right Mom and Dad? And anything wrong I may have done, like sold the dog into slavery, perhaps, now seems minor and not a big deal in comparison with those other atrocities. But I think it's all gonna be okay- I got 32 shillings for that mutt; she'll do some good cotton pickin' for the rest of her days. I guess I oughta go clean the pool, though; there's a buncha stupid flowers in there from the trees around it. Then I must eat lunch, because I am famished. "Bring me the pool shed, for I am hungry!" God bless

 So you wanna be a contender? My A&M New Student Conference went well. I learned a few things about the school, and I picked my schedule and whatnot. There's this Matt Hansen kid I hung out with for part of the days... he's a shady character. He offered me heroin. Twice. I think that proof of his prowess with the chicks was when he told me of a girl he started talking to in line for lunch, I think the scenario was. He turned to her and said "howdy" and she kinda looked at him... Then they had about two words of conversation about where she was from... And like right in the middle of their repartee, she just turned around and started talking to someone else. That whore. But I think he really will be a ladies' man when he gets there. And after my strength-training class and the time that he and I spend at the Rec Center gaining our Freshman 15 (in muscle), he'll teach me a thing or two, and we will be able to make out with any hot girl that walks by, regardless of whether or not she is holding her boyfriend's hand at the time. I have an okay schedule; my Mondays and Wednesdays are gonna be pretty busy. Here's what I'm slated to take, along with comments in parentheses: ------------------------------------------------------------------------- Monday 1:50-2:40 p.m. -- Business Learning Communications (This one's a toss-up) 3:00-3:50 p.m. -- Business Math I (I haven't had easy math in years) 4:10-5:25 p.m. -- Principles of Economics (Shoot me in the head) Tuesday 8:00-9:15 a.m. -- Zoology (Mooooo...) 9:35-10:50 a.m. -- Health and Fitness - Strength Training (I vanna be like Ahnold) Wednesday 1:50-2:40 p.m. -- Business Learning Communications (Maybe there's a hot prof) 3:00-3:50 p.m. -- Business Math I (I've forgotten long division) 4:10-5:25 p.m. -- Principles of Economics ( Please shoot me in the head) 6:30-9:20 p.m. -- Zoology, Lab (Augh, longest night ever ) Thursday 8:00-9:15 a.m. -- Zoology (It's almost the weekend...) 9:35-10:50 a.m. -- Health and Fitness - Strength Training (By this time, I'm buff) Friday 1:50-2:40 p.m. -- Business Learning Communications (*Yawn*) 3:00-3:50 p.m. -- Business Math I (2 + 2 = 4... right?) ------------------------------------------------------------------------- So, now that you've forgotten that already (if you even wasted your time reading it), I am alerting you to the fact that I am now an official student at Texas A&M University in College Station, Texas, United States, Earth. Basically all that means is that I have my student ID. But enough about me; how have you been? That bad, huh? It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood. Get out and enjoy it; physical activity rocks. Even if you have to drag your stairmaster or elliptical trainer into the backyard, just get out and do something on this glorious summer day that God has granted us! In the meantime, I must prepare for my workout with Nick. I got Muscle Beach next week, so I gotta look good for the ladies. Chunk deuce. God bless

 Someone please save us, Us college kids What my parents told me Is what I did They said go to school and Be a college kid But in the end I question why I did I'm poor, I'm starving, I'm flat broke, I've got no cash to spend Sell all my books for front row tickets to Dave Matthews Band My girlfriend's at another school, I know this year will test her I called, found out she had three other boyfriends last semester And that's why I say Oh no! Not for me, not for me Call it torture, call it university No! Arts and crafts is all I need I'll take calligraphy and then I'll make a fake degree 80 grand later I found out that all that I had learned Is that you should show up to take your finals and your midterms The party scene is kinda mean, I think it's sick and twisted The navy showed up at my dorm and claimed that I enlisted And that's why I say Oh no! Not for me, not for me Call it torture, call it university No! Arts and crafts is all I need I'll take calligraphy and then I'll make a fake degree Don't get excited, she'll say "no" without a doubt you see And I've decided college girls just won't go out with me They make me nervous and they always catch me off my guard Like cell phone services I drop out 'cause college is too hard It's time to call my father 'Cause it's his alma mater Good grades aren't what they seem I think he knows the dean It's time to call my father 'Cause it's his alma mater He says he's proud of me But college always was his dream And I would always say it's not for me Oh no! Not for me, not for me Call it torture, call it university No! Arts and crafts is all I need I'll take calligraphy and then I'll make a fake degree Someone please save us, Us college kids What my parents told me Is what I did They said go to school and Be a college kid But in the end I question why I did Do what will make you happy Do what you feel is right Only but one thing matters Learn how to live your life Do what will make God happy Do what you feel is right Only but one thing matters Learn how to live your life I'll be at A&M until Friday evening. Leave me cool messages on AIM or comment on here. Knowing my luck, though, our Internet will repeatedly alternate between functioning and non-functioning, but it may still appear as if I'm online. Try anyway. God bless

 One of these days, I'm going to get breast implants. Then I'll play with them. A lot. Not that I'll actually implant them into my body, but I'll just get the silicon globules and throw them at people. So, the summer is slipping away past my fingertips... It's always just out of reach to have that perfect summer, you know? Meh; it happens. Everybody would waste it all To have a summer that they could call Memory that's full of fun F*cked up when it's all done I'm hungry. God bless

 Bomb bomb bomb Bomb bomb ba-bomb So, it's the middle of the summer season. Independence Day was yesterday, and as in years past, the summer looks so different from this side of it. It makes one realize that time goes on, and it really can pass us by. Like, I used to always think I had sooo much summer remaining, and then the Fourth of July would roll around, and I would have fun with fireworks and barbecue and whatnot. But then as the morning of the fifth would dawn, I would think, "Oh, crap! Half the summer's already gone! What am I doing with myself?! Aaaagh, there's no time left!" That's right about the point that I would run screaming in erratic circles around the room that I slept in at my grandparent's house until I'd hit a wall and knock myself out cold. But I'm enjoying this year a lot. I'm seeing a lot of my friends from different groups and stuff, who I may never really see anymore in my life. For example, I played poker with Simon (Lauren Rocco's boyfriend who graduated from Cy-Fair and used to work at the Left-Handed Monkey) and some of his friends. I enjoy hanging out with him and such, but after our first year of college, I don't know if I'll ever really see him again. *Tear* That would suck; he's a rocking guy. Mighty Morphin' Power Rangers... By the way, thanks for commenting as the 5000th reader, whoever-you-were... But it's cool, because now I don't owe anybody a dollar! Schwing! I want to be lazy today, and being lazy does not entail thinking up things to write about in my blog. Thus, I bid you adieu . God bless

 Man, I'm dumb. I mean, there is no limit of the extent of my moron-ness. And more proof of it is in that made-up last word of the sentence prior to this one. I'm too tired to blog correctly... screw this. Pam is back! Yay! God bless

 This damn well better be a glorious 3-day weekend, or reparations shall have to be paid in full. To whom, I don't know, but what I do know is that someone may die by my hand if I have a crappy weekend. However, I'm off to a good start, so whoever you are, you're safe for now. On my way home tonight I was nochalantly driving when BAM in my rearview mirror appear those cherry and blue raspberry flashing lights. "Oh, snap," says I. Fortunately, it was really dark and I had misjudged where the police car was, and it turned out it was pulling over someone that was speeding in the other direction down the street. So all was well and good... ...but not before my heart had nearly exploded and I almost vomited up my tuna and Spaghettios due to fear. And I was just joshing about killing someone. If I'm meant to have a good weekend, then all the better. If not, well, I'll deal. I don't have much to say right now other than I am getting more and more excited for this whole "college" thing. I just hope academics doesn't get in the way of my education. Orientation is coming up, and it seems like it's gonna be a lot of fun. The only person I know so far that has the same orientation as I do is Matt Hansen, and even though he does heroin, I think it'd be cool if I saw him there and we showed those Aggies what Klein Bearkats are made of. I'm actually talking to him right now online... he is sooo doped up. Again, joshing, people! Hey, my blog is almost up to 5000 readers. Well, 5000 people don't read my blog, but it will have been viewed 5000 times. That rocks; what a landmark. Whoever is the person that is exactly the 5000th viewer, comment in whatever post happens to be most recent, and I will give you a dollar the next time I see you. Really. No, I mean it! A whole American dollar! Oh well, I am getting tired, and I can FINALLY sleep in a bit tomorrow! Hip hip, and lastly, hooray. God bless

 Relax and stand in the warmth of the sand The day is long And here for us to take for granted We find ourselves to our knees Water clear, a tender breeze upon our faces As we bask in our good graces Yeah, we all are golden here. And summer, and summer, Where night belongs to lust and lovers And summer, and summer, And I am here to win you over You will be mine this year (This year that's right this is the one this year, this year) The sun is set and the moon is high, The night is long and here for you and I to capture (it's for us) And flood ourselves to the gills with icey drinks With bolstering wills and we are braver for the moment Yeah, we all are golden here And summer, and summer, Where all the girls bare olive shoulders, And summer, and summer, And I am here to win you over. You will be mine this year (this year) The courtyard where the garden stands, Behind the beach, in crystal and sands, we shed our clothes, And felt romantic, tinted by the moon fantastic Bright and warm, and hours alone absolve us of the sins we own And from one year into another I think of you when I feel summer And summer, and summer, where all the girls bear olive shoulders And summer, and summer, where all you hope for is another And summer, and summer, where night belongs to lust and lovers And summer, and summer, and I am here to win you over You will be mine this year. (This year) God bless

 Here are some pictures of my Spring Break sailing adventure, with captions. Keep in mind, these were all taken before I started working out, so for a more accurate depiction, you must imagine the shots of me with about 20 pounds more amazingly ripped muscle and a flock of girls at my side. I know you constantly see one of them in the upper right hand corner as my profile pic, but you smell bad, so there. If Fernando does his duty as First Mate this week while I am gone, we shall attempt such an excursion again, only with an air mattress this time. Hopefully, only more success can follow. I did the best I could on posting these; they are in chronological order going down the page. For some reason I couldn't find the ones where we amazingly christened the vessel as the SS Poontang , but that's ok. Deal with it. But yeah, amuse yourselves with these photographs until I get back in town. Also, with luck, after this weekend I can have some pictures of a new sailing adventure. One can only hope. You know, "taking a dump" is a strange phrase. If that can be called "dump," I know I wouldn't want to take it anywhere, but be rid of it completely. I'd want that as far away from me as possible. God bless

 A daunting task lies ahead. urlLink

 Oh, happy day! Houston, we have lift-off. urlLink

 Look out, Cap'n! Rapids ahead! urlLink

 We've sprung a leak! Bail out! Darn porous-fiber mattresses... urlLink

 Captain's Log: I dragged her back to drydock for an evaluation of the mission. Perhaps a new vessel might be more prudent. urlLink

 We watched Donnie Darko tonight. Wonderful movie. I really like the song "Mad World" which is playing as Donnie meets his destiny near the end of the film. "I find it kind of funny I find it kind of sad That the dreams in which I'm dying Are the best I've ever had" I'll be in New Orleans for a few days for the service. I am unsure of the return date, but when I'm back I might call you or something. Then again, I might not. God bless

 Ok, I know I've been using that quote from Hook a lot, and now it's finally become pertinent. But more on that later. Yesterday was good; I started reading HP 5 again, and it's allright. I like the 4th one the best. I got to go to Jeff's house last night and see some people whom I hadn't had much contact with for a while. We went to the Big New HEB to get some food and we ended up getting sundae material. But not before some bia-lady yelled at us for goofing around in the store and asked us if we were there to "buy something or just play around." After we told her what we were after, she showed us a great special on sundae ingredients where you get like half of the stuff free if you buy a certain kind of ice cream. I guess people really will help you if you're nice to them. Sundaes were yummy. Miracle seemed pretty good, but I went home about 11, just cuz I didn't really feel like being at Jeff's no more that night. I got to talk to Dave from A&M online; it was the first time I had contact with him for a long time. He says this year (or onl first semester, depending on how it goes) he will be homeless. He's not going to have an apartment or dorm room, but will merely wander around and sleep in a different locale each night. The rules are that he can't spend 2 consecutive nights in one place, and can't spend any more than 4 days in one week on a bed or couch. I can't wait to go to college and do stuff like that! Well, about 11:45 we received a phone call from my aunt in New Orleans. It seemed to me that right when I heard her voice, I knew what was going on; my grandpa on my dad's side passed away last night at about 9:30. I don't really know what to think about it. We had been expecting it for some time now, I guess, so it wasn't a huge shock. Seeing as he had lung cancer as well as double pneumonia in both lungs, I assume he's in a better place right now. As far as I knew, he was a kind man who loved his family very much, and even if he ever did anything wrong, "love covers a multitude of sins," so I comfort myself knowing that he's in Heaven right now, rocking out with Elvis and Jim Morrison, among others. I don't really know what else to say, let alone think, right now, so I'm gonna call this one off for now. I may be making a trip into New Orleans later this week for his service, so please, let's hang out a bit before I go and after I get back, because we're all going to college VERY SOON. God bless

