 In order to prevent my somnolence from causing me to say something I might regret, I will content myself with relating only the following sentiments, Linds: 1) I am fully aware of what you said earlier regarding me, including the maybe. Thus I didn't include everything I wished to say because I knew you would point your former comments out. Remember my chronic paranoia these days...to say that I didn't trust people before all this shit hit the fan would be correct, but now consider it severely amplified. Huge trust issues, so please bear with me. Nevertheless, I'm over it all now. 2) Am I insane in thinking that I let you all know when I would be back? I could have sworn that I posted or e-mailed or TOLD someone when I'd be getting back. If not, then I apologize for my negligence, my being an ass, and the subsequent hindrance of your making plans. 3) Anything but those days that we're mentoring should work fine. 4) Please call me soon. I've been trying to get in touch with you for quite some time but neither of our schedules have been working out favorably for that. Maybe I'm a little testy, because I felt neglected. Stupidly, I admit, but still. As for everyone else: Rosie: I was glad to see you today @ The Torture Chamber/ Chasm Leading Straight To Hell/ School. It's been a while. Will: Again, glad to know you liked the postcard. Your e-mail was definitely diverting and I enjoyed it. Josh: You don't talk too much. I liked hearing from you, too. Now having dispensed with the formalities, let me please reiterate that I apologize for overreacting, if that was what I did, but I've learned that the only person I can really trust is myself and I'm working on extending that to my mom and to you all. It is working pretty well...but hell, we all have setbacks sometimes, right? Just tolerate me. Hopefully this will be the last time I have to discuss the "D" word on this site. I'll reserve that for mine. ~Z

 Have i got a story to tell. Way too long to post here, but it has to do with Michael. If anyone's interested, call me and I'll tell the story.

 Liz : note below where it says (and take notice of the maybe, explained as I didn't know when you were getting home. If it was the day before school started, could have been a bad thing to wait on you) "And maybe Liz, when she gets home from wherever she is... Need to do it within the next weekish though." Anyway, that's not the point... Rosie : of course, I'm always right. But I hope I'm not right in this case. Hopefully everything will work out. Hope it doesn't turn out like Ben or Xi. Josh : ha! I made your name bold and italisized to make up for rosie's wrongdoing Will AND Josh AND Liz : Next Monday or Wednesday or Thursday are great days for me. I know on Tuesday and Friday, both me and Liz, and maybe Will have mentoring. What's best for yall? Scott : didn't want you to be left out, so hey, how's life? Haven't talked to you in forever (right..) Went shopping, bought hangers, thought you'd be impressed. I also bought a lot of new clothes, so I may need more hangers now, though... Am I leaving anyone out? Don't think so... At least, that's here... *sob* I MISS ABBY!!! *sob*

 What Rosie, I dun get my name in bold? And what shock? Ain't nothing too surprising anymore. HUMPHREY BOGART IS GOD. And I'm going to be just like him. Just watch as I walk in with a $1000 Italian suit and slicked-back short hair. Heheheh. I just got done watching Casablanca ...what a badass movie...and I'll talk about it more on mine. But it was SO L337. And I've heard a lot about said Last of the Mohicans, so I probly should join this limited frenzy and say "OOH OOH ME TOO". My days consist mostly of watching old movies...that was today's choice, along with old episodes of South Park, which has become the funniest and most disgusting show ever. I'm a little better. But I'm getting really fat cuz I haven't been running (DRUGS!) so yah...I got addicted to NyQuil, it was a lot of fun trying to quit. And stuff. Here's looking at you, kids. Tata.

 Oh, forgot to mention, Rosie, that Last of the Mohicans is R. Don't know if that makes a difference, but if you don't like violent movies with lots of fake blood, then you won't like it, even if it is a great love story too. No sex, don't worry. That's about all I can say. ~Z

 I feel your pain, Roseo. My mom's yelling at me for not doing my summer reading but I SWEAR I'll do some tomorrow...unless I decide not to. ;) Anyway, you'll only see Mohicans if you come over here or if I go over there, because I'm not letting that DVD out of my SIGHT! I love it! It's great. I bought the soundtrack. I'm completely smitten, but I won't elaborate unless you want to go on my LiveJournal. Aaaaaanyway, feeling better tonight. Last night was hell. I just tend to be really down after I see my dad. It's almost like coming off a caffeine high or something...well, talk to you guys later. ~Z

 Hey all, Life sucks btw, my parents are being extra anal, lemme rephrase that, my dad is being extra anal. Apparently I'm not studying enough for him. =P Anyway Zabeth, I've been looking for the DVD, The Last of the Mohicans. Any chance that I can catch a viewing of it too? Linds , I think I'm going to kill you for saying that I'm going to drive myself from that guy. Erg but you're right and that is what sucks MAJORLY! I'm going to try NOT to do that this time. Did I tell you that he's awesome, kind, open, genuine, sweet, christian? OMG i sound like a gushing girl. I think it's time to shutup. Josh, don't die of shock.

 Glad to hear you're feeling better, Josh. At least someone is. No, I'm not sick. I'm just fed up with life. ~Z

 I like the end of that post, Z. Heheheh. Well as you can all tell, I'm again up way too late and drugged out of my mind. You should have seen me trying to drive in Nashville today...it's a really good thing I have a gun. It's amazing that Abby's parents trust me so much...heheh, ok I'm not that bad but still. Dumb people anger me. So cool...I'm pretty much recovered, give or take my throat which still hurts a little...nothing some drugs can't help. Again, whenever thou all wanteth to partaketh in said event, I shalt await ye.

 Thank you so much Will. You are doing your job well, I see. I appreciate it. Really. As for the rest of you, I would appreciate it if you would keep something in mind: I WANT TO BE INVOLVED WHEN YOU PLAN SOMETHING. Period and sign. Even if you think I won't be able to come, ASK. ALWAYS MAKE SURE. This is a rule that I thought was already in existence. I asked Will to help me out on this note, and if not for him, I would have been screwed because half the time I have no idea what Aristotle is talking about. Plus, I know something that could help us understand one of the essays, unless you already know about it, but to find out, I'll have to be there. PLEASE don't ignore me anymore. I'm already insecure enough with all the problems in my life and I wish I could be certain of something: your friendship. I will be back on the Blog regularly now. My traveling is over and my computer is alive and kicking. Don't you guys remember what happened the last time you snubbed me? The movie thing last year? Let me just say that my parents are much more relaxed with me now. If I told Mom I wanted to detonate a nuclear bomb in downtown Nashville, my mom would say, "Sure. Just don't forget you radiation suit and leave one for me, too." Well, not really, but she is letting me do a lot more than I ever could. Let me also mention that I can DRIVE. No car yet, but that will change soon. I'm really sorry that I'm raking you guys over the coals about this. But I'm really, truly begging here. I have enough things to worry about. Sigh. I'm sorry. I had a meeting with Daddy Dearest and he is STILL refusing to get me a car until I "have more experience." Well, he might be justified, but he's still being a prick. I want to get more experience in MY car, not my mom's car that I will never be driving. So. Anyway, he got me a small tape recorder, which does make him better in my eyes, since it's going to (hopefully) help with my writing. Sometimes if I say it, it works. But then I forget it, and if I try to write it down, it doesn't work. So...I need to get back to my kick-ass (literally) DVD of The Last of the Mohicans. Sorry about the tongue-lashing again, and I hope you don't think I was over-reacting, but I thought I told you when I'd be back. I know I told SOMEONE, not sure who, though. But I'm over it now. I just needed to release that into the cosmos so next time I can say you were warned. ;) Someone please help me. ~Z

 the funny thing is the only other blog i'm a member to is 4141930 you're supposed to have 5 quotes for each chapter choose a time that is good for Z, and I will be there.

 Hello 4143019 (that's this BLog's ID tag, in case anyone noticed). Yes yes, I was up really late, I slept til lordy knows when (most of the day) so it took a while to get to sleep. It's weird...the past three days when I've decided to go to bed, every clock I seem to look at reads 11:10, one minute away from the almighty 11:11. Altho I never wait around for it. I'm drugged all. O well...I have to go at the minute but I'll think this out a bit and tell you as soon as possible when it would be a good time, practically anytime really.

 Why are you still posting. Go sleep!! That's the Abby in me coming out. She told me to make sure you don't kill yourself while she's away. But, since you did post, when do you want to do it. Can't do it Wed- Fri, but any time after that is fine. And once Josh, gets better, obviously. When's the best time for you, Will?

 ... I can't wait until I'm better. I know like over half this BLog is probably dog devotees so the cat enthusiasts are going to have to put on a helluva intellectual show... So count me out. Heheh. But I'll try my best. Yes, Linds, let's go a la library...I have no idea what I'm doing. I'm not sure if you actually need that many, I thought it was a certain number per chapter. But I dunno so don't listen to me. Schedules are supposed to come right before school, they should be here any day now. That's about it then. G'bye all.

 Dogs are obviously the better choice a) dogs actully care about you not just the food and shelter you provide. b) dogs can communicate much better than cats, have you ever tried to teach a cat a trick? they don't seem to catch on very quickly (or not at all). this isn't because they think such trick are useless and stupid, it is because they cannot understand the signal you are trying to give them. dogs, by their very nature, understand other living things better. They regularly communicate with other dogs, all cats ever communicate is "get out of here" and "I like you". which do you think is smarter a fly or a colony of ants? a lone creature or one that has lots of friends to help it? dogs are therefore smarter than cats c) dogs are pack animals ergo better friends. d) dogs can and will protect you and your house. Have you ever heard of a cat that prevented a burglary? e) and most certainly the best reason, my mom is not allergic to dogs, as she is to cats

 Ok, couple of things. 1) Just finished Aristotle along with quote log. I have 94 quotes in all. How many are there aupposed to be? They range from 3-11ish per chapter. 2) When are we supposed to get our schedules? Note, when you get them, post them. 3) Will, and Josh, when you feel better, do yall want to go to the library sometime and work on this freaking essay? It's not that hard, just sort of long and tedious, just thought it might be better to do it with someone. Rosie can't come, but maybe we can do it. And maybe Liz, when she gets home from wherever she is... Need to do it within the next weekish though.

 Excellent, excellent topic. I have a really bad fever all, getting pretty [sic], but I don't think it's going to last long, whereafter I shall make an enormous post as to my selection. But, in short: (which) cats, (why) because they are awesome.

 All right, Will and I have decided it is time for a philisophical debate. Topic: Which is better, dogs or cats? Why? All right, let the debates begin!!!

 ....I really didn't think I was witnessing to you all, Just telling about my thoughts. Take it as you want. I HATE English AP...I think I'm going to choke it...heh

 Heheheh, woot.

 Rosie, if that isn't witnessing I don't know what is...but please, not on the blog...this is my one place for un-deep conversations. Please take lessons from Josh on this. Talk about Cokes and video games, and all will be great. No more religion, at least on the blog. I've had about as much as I can take for a while.

 Aww woot, finally someone else has mentally imbibed the pure and wonderful knowledge of the joys of caffeine. I'M SO PROUD! I have a Wild Cherry Pepsi sitting next to me. Not quite the same but it helps. AND ANOTHER WOOT...strangely enough, video games and girls...such an odd combination. You girls sound like my mother when it comes to vids, heheh. I used to be the biggest Mario head ever, until Nintendo started sucking and making kids' games...MARIO IS NOT A GAME FOR CHILDREN, there's horrible, grisly death and obscenities in Mario if you look hard enough. It's like playing a The Who record backwards and hearing a demonic subliminal message. Mario Kart is God's reward to kids for not screwing him over so much as everyone else. We were talking about a computer game (CounterStrike woot, or CS woot, as it is called (mostly by me)), but whatever. GROSS as to the Coke. GROSS ! But I've already shared my view on this (a three second UGH), but just so you all know...Abby's mother should NOT be an example as to how to drink a Coke. As a matter of fact, I'm going to demonstrate the proper technique on imbibing such drinks on my online cookbook, which is going to be out soon...it's not published yet, so don't even try. But it WILL be, kids!

 hey linds, my mom won't let me meet to talk about the essays so just meet without me. Life here is difficult but atleast i have my family together. there is lot to be thankful for. going to vandy tomorrow byebye

 Hey All, I'm back and I don't want to be. I would love to have stayed there for awhile longer. I think I was running on will power on the last couple of days since I came home and slept from 1am-11am and then 2pm-5pm...I think that's around 14 hours of sleep. I think I can honestly tell you all that I've never done that before. (Josh I now know the power of cherry coke=energy) Anyway I loved my roommates and I'm going to miss them, the randomness of our songs, the pregnancies and births, the veggie tales, the red-neckness, and the FON's/ DWH's. Ask me sometime what those means....each has a story that I don't have the coordination to type out but they are amusing to say the very least. I have a stalker and so did my roommate. I met some awesome guys and gals in my mission track team. I now have my own body guard that is HUGE...but he's in knoxville and he's also a youth leader. That came in handy when I told him that Fletch the stalker was being too friendly. I think I'm going to try to get in touch with Cityteam...my favortie mission track. they're a drug rehab place for Chester. Chester was the good part of town to be in they it went down so now you can't walk outside after dusk or bad bad things happen. But i loved it. God's love was so alive there. Here in Brentwood it's common for people to take God's love taken for granted but the ones that were saved in Chester, they had suffered much but they also knew the greatness of God and they worshiped with a passion that I find lacking in Brentwood. I went to M-fuge to partly test my faith and see if I truly did believe...I found instead that passion for living in Christ that I've been lacking. Most don't know but I've been a christian ever since I was 7 but I drifted throughout intermediate and middle school. Those were horrible years so I've never told you before what happened then. If you guys really search, I don't think you'll ever find that I've really mentioned my middle school years beyond the fact that I hated them, I went to FMS, and I knew Arden and Christina. Becuase of those awful years I started at BBC and I have worlds of thanks to give them. I found a loving and supporting group where I did get to know Him more and now he's my Friend. I can't wait for school to start. I've failed so many times and yet he's still willing to see if my faith lasts and I pray that it will this time through out the school year and beyond. I love you all guys.

 I'm ok at Mario Brothers. Nothing else. It's nice to see that since you and I have been back, Linds, we are pretty much the only ones who posted...about video games, no less.

 not you but Gunter is a jerk

 Who?

 Sunday afternoon expect a phone call.

 I'm going to Kentucky for the weekend, should be back tomorrow night. Call me on my cell if you need me.

 oops....kinda forgot about that...oh well. =P Besides josh, we're just friend, Gunter and me I mean.

 Robots currrently have the intelligence of a cockroach. Good luck on getting Josh's approval.

 OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG!!! The sky has collapsed!!! Actually my Dad just oked a meeting of me and a guy!!! My mom is ok with it too!! I wonder if someone has drugged them...robots?? BTW, the guy is Gunter.

 this is strange...

 Y is my Blogger changing between versions?

 I'll use a variation of it but Will is right

 don't use "webster's defines" I used it in my essay.

 Posting to see if it's a Blogger problem or a Rosie problem. Oh yah, I'm going to the beach next week :)

 I'm sorry Rosie I was a little harsh Your essay is pretty good, though if I could change anything I would change the first sentence to "Webster's defines. . . " or something like that. the 'today's definition' is a little cheesy and not very descriptive and sound like you made up that idealistic junk.

 Down, you two. ;) That is so funny about the Liz thing, Roseo. And Will's right, I think you're the only one that calls me Zabeth, not to mention that you're probably the only person who's EVER thought of it. Scott: GREAT to hear from you. I love meeting new people on the Blog. You are so high in my book. So I like flattery. Sue me. ;) Thanks for the comment about the site. Which, by the way, is my next destination. Talk to you guys soon! Daddy Dearest encounter tomorrow...more info to come. Stay tuned, same Bat-time, same Bat-channel. ~Z

 Dude Will, You know I'm not a great writer and you KNOW that you're a language brain (atleast you think so) and I'm NOT, SO be a little less jerky on the criticism. Thanks though for reading the 1st sentence and saying that it sucks; it means alot. =P

 Ok info about myself: I go to Clearview Baptist Church, I run sound and other multimedia stuff for my youth services and such (stop doing it for the church several years ago). I'm a junior, and I'm homeschooled. I think cats own dogs, I have two cats one of which is 20+ lbs and one that is a normal healthy size. We have one dog who is 14+ years old and it wasn't my decision to get him. He's a decent dog though :p I have one sister, all my grandparents are alive except my dad's mom. Right now my dad's father has been in and out of the hospital, been diagnosed with allzheimers and has been moved to assisted living within the last two months. Someone has to go see him every day, but he's about 5 min away from us. Anywho, I guess that along with school is occupying most of my life at the moment. Oh yah my AIM is weezymidget and msn is weezymidget@hotmail.com for anyone that cares :p

 you know what else is sad? you are the only one who calls Elizabeth 'Zabeth' Guess what else is sad. Reasonableness is not a word!!

 You know what's sad? When Scott said Liz I had to think of who he was talking about....Elizabeth has permently been marked as Z or Zabeth in my mind...I think I'm going crazy! I get to see a great guy tonight and spend time with my roommates and one of them is sweet 16....i love tonight.

 Hello everyone. Sorry I haven't posted in ages, I've been sick, in school, and sleepy. Getting up at 6:45 every morning sucks :( So anywho. I heard you guys were at the library yesterday and I think Josh said he saw me. Sadly I didn't see you guys, otherwise I would have stopped by. Hopefully your study group thingy went well and I'll get to meet you all some time soon. I was there picking up some stuff to read for school to take to the beach. Yah I'm going to the beach next week :) Well I gotta run, I'll post more about myself later Liz. Nice site by the way

 well, at least I have one with somebody.

 Mine US Hist AP-Byrd Anatomy Hon-Ryan Physics AP-Kessler EngIII AP-Calhoun Free- "blank" Lunch Psyc AP-Hart Calc Ap AB- Stelmy i have 1 with will 1 with linds

 we are supposed to meet at the library right?

 Abby, e-mail me ASAP. We've got things to talk about. Or get on IM if you can. We've got some emergencyish situations.

 Hey hey, I be back. Anyway, I forgot to tell you a bunch of stuff yesterday. First of all, wait, I forgot again...um...ok, skip--ahh, I got it. The hotel doesn`t charge for internet if you are staying here!!! Second, French people are really skinny here. Like, seriously, I`m chubby here. Dead serious. Ok, now close your mouth. Third, the people smell terrible. There is no deoderant. Well, there is, they just don`t embrace the universal "lets not knock each other out with our bo" concept. Such a shame. Ok, now for a little activity. Look at your keyboard. Find the "a." Now move it to where the "q" is. Switch the "w" and "z" and the "m" and ":." Now you can`t just type a "." Nope, now you choose shift semi-colon. Then add a whole bunch of french characters, such as , , and , and you cqn imagine something close to the thing I`m typing on. It sucks. Majorly. Well, tomorrow I`m off to Toulon, the city my sister lived in for a year. It should be...interesting to say the least. Again, don`t know if I`ll be back, but I`ll try. After Toulon, it`s the night train to Italy. I`m going to go eat dinner...it`s a 7 hour time difference here, so don`t think that I always eat so early. Bye bye!!

 here's my schedule 1 latin 2 2 free (that means study hall) 3 physics AP 4 Psycology AP 5 English AP 6 Lunch 7 Pre-cal honors 8 US History AP shoot I don't have any classes with lindsey

 OK, here's my schedule. 1) Psych AP-Hart 2) U.S. History AP-Bayrd 3) Spanish Honors-Goldfarb 4) English III AP-Calhoun 5) Pre-Calc Standard- Hood 6) Lunch 7) Free, whatever that means. 8) Anatomy & Physiology-Fox All right people, start posting.

 Ok, good joke, if you're conservative, but it does illustrate a good point: Geroge Bush and a couple of his buddies are out fishing, and George hangs his line on a tree. He simply gets out of the boat, walks across the water, unsnags the line, and walks back across the water back into the boat. The next day, the New York Times's (a very liberal newspaper) headline read "Bush Can't Swim." Ok, maybe not as good as I originally thought, but it's a lot for my dad to tell a joke, so bear with me. Ah, going to get my schedule today. Hope it's good. Anyway, I guess I'll see some of yall at least today.

 Congrats. I have yet to read those suckers.

 I'm .....DONE DONE DONE DONE DONE DONE DONE DONE DONE WITH THAT DARNED THING THEY DARE CALL AN ESSAY...IT'S MORE LIKE MENTAL TORTURE. ok fine, I'm not COMPLETELY done but I only have the essay and tons of proofreading to do...so no that bad. YAY NO MORE JUSTICE.

 Yay!!! Abby posted!!!

 God, I love internet cafs. Ok, I`m actually at my hotel in Arles. It`s absolutely amazing here--amazingly hot that is. I`m not going to type much cause this keyboard is completely weird, but I`ll type as much as possible. Having fun at school, Scott? Josh, WHY DIDN`T YOU TELL ME YOU WERE SICK?! Have fun writing your paper-thingy. I don`t know if I`ll be able to update. We leave here in about 2 days and then its off to Toulon and Venice. btw, that was witnessing and dogs are ALWAYS better than cats.

 ok, see yall tomorrow @ 1:00. Be there or be square. Josh, you can do both, cause I know being square sounds like more fun.

 Fraggin', Linds, you used traditional L337! j00 |)@ /\/\@|\|! P\/\/|\|3|)! L337 is great, OMG. ROFL my waffle. Hahaha. I'm really upped. Anyways kids, so now it's out on the table and that's a good thing. Of course, not really opened to discussion, still...H00-ah! Time marches on. I would have you all know that my room smells of wonderful lavender; THANKS ABBY! \/\/0\/\/! I'm going to drink another Pepsi now and jump off the roof! Or go to Nashville, I wish I could jump off that roof, it's a lot less of a drop. But you know how these things go...no pain, no gain. Hoo-ah friends, here's lookin' at you, kids.

 Just looked up dibble. It said "small hand" HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!

 dibble...haha...dibbledibbledibble. fun word.

 Now Linds. You know me way too well for me to be angry at you for going out with him. Honestly...of course, I would have been freaking out too, if it had been me, so I guess it's all fair. I'm going to check him out a little more, and then I'll give you my decsion...haha, it sounds like a court-room drama show. Anyway, how's school going?? I'm enjoying sleeping late...yep, this morning I got to get up at 6:30. Boy howdy was I happy that I realized it was mid-afternoon with my time schedule and therefore was no longer tired. I then got to read a wonderful book, "Desert Solitaire" about a park ranger who lives alone in the middle of Utah. I found out last night that the author was an environmental terrorist. Boy howdy, he is so dibble. It sucks. Majorly. I have food in the house now. PRAISE THE LORD!! (You need to say that like a 50-year-old Gospel singing black woman to get the full effect that I'm going for) Therefore, I'm going to go eat some of it.

 All right, most people already know this because Scott and I can't keep our mouths shut, but for those of you who don't know, I've now told Abby (and am still alive) that I'm going out with Michael, and yes (*cough cough Scott, Josh*) will be going out with him for as long as possible if Abby approves. (best friends over boyfriends- we're gonna pwn j00 Josh!!) So, yell at me if you want to, but that's the situation. Just thought you might like to know. Now I've got to go tell my parents...not half as hard as Abby, let me assure you. But she took it really well. I knew all along she would. (Right...that's why I sat dying in the back corner of Ms. Calhoun's English)

 =P i don't give that he's gifted...he just needs to be away from my study hall

 I'm back...and I've missed way too much. All that was written here and what I've heard lately is just kinda swimming through my mind with no destination in sight. I'm not even going to try to sort it all out or respond to people. I will talk about one thing though. Boy howdy, getting up at 6:45 every morning!! You poor thing, Scott. And then you have to walk all the way to your kitchen! I'm so sorry.

 OMG that's sad... That you care what kind of people are in gifted. For cryin' out loud Nosy Rosie.

 Guys...do you know how wrong it is for Ben Shyong to be in Gifted Study hall?

 OMG that's sad

 This is just in case I'm a loozer and forget my skedyool. Again... 1) Study Hall- Huddlesatan 2) U.S. History- Bayrd 3) Pre-Calculus-Hood 4) Englsih III- Calhoun 5) Lunch- Miller 6) Spanish- Phillips 7) Psychology- Hart 8) Anatomy & Physiology- Fox I think it's hilarious I have Phillips and Hood. heehee... Thanks for posting, everybody. That was sarcastic, in case you didn't catch that.

 Hope everyone's first day of school went well. I'll be at the beach from tuesday until saturday. Hope your week goes well and everyone has a good time.

 Liz and I will be on choir retreat until tomorrow. We'll be on our cells if you need us.

 Nope, antiphilanthropy seems to have memory.

 Dammit guys, Antiphilanthrophy tells me it's out of memory, anyone else run into this?

 Hi all, I love today. I found out where I got yea long....for mr.gunter so I do believe that phrase is being erased from my brain.

 Physics, DIE!!

 Hi kids! I just posted on every frickin' BLog in the universe so I thought I would stop in and give y'all a shout on said universal tour. NO WAY Z, THAT IS SO L337! Enjoy rockin' the burbs in your tryk'd-out rizzizle. Heya Scott, welcome back. You're right, it has been a frickin'ly long while. I dun care if he sees it, not like there's anything too hazardous on said wonderful BLog. Oh Abby...you've reached the dark enlightenment. Rraugh! Everytime I think about school....well, I was going to say I want to cry or be an EMO kid and kill myself, but I've come to the point where I feel like I can still do good without pressuring myself over it. So school isn't so threatening as it has been the last eleven years. But you are right, none of that stuff matters. If you really think about it, what's the immediate practicality in algebra? If you're going to apply yourself to that kind of career, sure. But it's not like you're going to use it to fill out your W2s or to go on a scavenger hunt at the company picnic with the wife and kids and have to find the mystery variable to locate "a pink frisbee" or anything like that. "Let sleeping dogs lie" as to history...it's Greco-inspired BS, I just can't see how it would be quintessential to human existence to have to know about a bunch of fumbling idiots screwing the future. And Low Rider ...well, let's just say if you'd learned it on the banjo it would be a lot more worth it, heheh. But teachers are incredibly gay and hellbent on self-preservation..."let's keep that work coming so we can make enough to get a Happy Meal at McDonald's some day". WOW ARE TEACHERS COOL. Like Mr. Bastard. Mr. Adams's isn't giving a curve this year...I feel really bad for Sarah Heines and Jonathan (kid who rides my bus and a huge Stranglebox fan (w00t!), taking Euro this year). But he says he needs to weed the boys from the men. And suddenly I remember that I have to take AP tests again and my life became horrible. After all that BS about "haha skool is gay & i dun care no more". BLAH. And as to the last posts (if anyone hasn't notice, I responded to them backwards from my last one) from Linds and Rosie...please just remember that you can only do so much before it's too much. When you feel like you've nailed it while studying or solving a problem or something then STOP THINKING ABOUT IT, that's all you can do. And remember what the seniors last year said about burn-out. At least wait til mid-terms before you do, in the very horrible event of its happening. No joke it's hard, but it's only as hard as you make it, and you could apply that to the whole world if you needed to. Here's lookin' at you, kids.

 Linds...It's 11:34 and I'm going Physics...I'm almost done and Phil...he's not. Becca is uberchirpy and I feel like throwing a stone to stopp her squawking.... so yes Junior year sucks

 It's almost 10:00. I'm still doing my homework. I've never had so much in my entire life. Usually I work for an hour, take a thirty minute break. Dinner was my first break at 8:00 tonight, and I scarfed it in like 10 minutes and got back to work. Who knew that people were telling the truth when they said Junior year was hardest? Good thing I picked classes I really like...

 I don't really care. I hate school. I forgot that over the summer and then today, I walked in and realized that I hate it. Oh, I always knew I hated FRA, but school in general sucks. What's the point? I'm not going to be needing to know how to find the area of a triangle or who signed the Declaration of Independance or how the hell to play "Low Rider" on the vibraphone. Yeh, it sucks and my teachers are stupid and pile on the homework as if last year never ended. Yeh, I had 58 math problems to do tonight, plus an essay for English and a "personal timeline" for history. Boy howdy and thats only 3 classes. Congrats Liz!! I wish I had a car...but I don't...yeh... Hudgins deserves to die.

 yeah, school's really boring, except for the homework, which is long and tedious. sorry about not having the link up, but it was getting late and my mom was yelling for me to get in bed, so I figured yall were smart enough to figure it out. Especially Scott, who was so wise to post it for me. (Don't flex.) Anyway, now I have a question for yall, and don't yell at me, but Michael wants the address to the blog. Is that ok with everybody? He doesn't want to post, just to read. If you don't want him to just say so, but I told him I'd ask.

 Congrats Liz! So how's school going for everyone? Hmm pretty boring for me. I haven't talked to most you guys in a long time, hmm I'll have to do something about that. Oh yah Liz's thingy's address is: http://www.livejournal.com/users/divamercury/

 LIZ GOT A CAR!!! Check out her livejournal for details. The address is somewhere on here if you've already forgotten it or not put it on your favorites page, like good friends do (hmm hmm...me)

 AWW...poor Abby Mac, I'll help. Whom should I kill, and with what gun? Heh wellz, I'll see if I can scrounge up some really positive sounding BS if you need it by the time I call. I'm having to do some quick mastering before the storm hits. And by the way all...that's it. I'm done, no more recording. Allz I do is kick the tapes and they say, "So, how about 10 million?" and I say, "How about 50?", and they say, "Done!" Heheh. I'll see you on MTV dawgz. HAHAHAHA not really. We suck way too bad for that. But I need to go finish mastering I'm Just a Bastard and then I'll have it all done. AWW w00t! Shaddup shuttin'up.

 Help.

 Aw w00t, at least she can have Coke. AGH. I'm having some kind of problem...I can't eat anything without it hurting anymore, or drink, for that matter. Akk, what am I doing? That's subject matter for my own BLog, sorry all. But yes, Coke just reminded me. ABBY WAS THERE, YAY! It made my day. We talked to Loukimmel and that was rather interesting. But it was a good lunch, or in my case, fifty minutes of boredom. Until David Stanley asked if I could father Alex's children, to which I just sat there and thought, "that is the most random thing I've ever heard in my life". O well, kids will be kids. Gonna go record afore ze sun, she sets. Tata buddies.

 Abby came to school today!!! I'm very happy. Yes, Ryan screwed my life up a bit, so I have every right in the world to at least want his to be the same way. Most of it I don't really mean. I'd like things to get better for him...yeah, I do... Um, what else? Stupid psych quiz tomorrow. Guess that means we're actually starting the school year now. Hmm... Anyway, I'm trying to put off doing my homework as long as possible, but I think I better go now. I'd make this longer but my mom spilled coke on this keyboard and it's hard to use the top row of keys and it's getting extermly annoying. I'll hit a key on the top row and then a key on the middle row and the middle key will "strike" first. ok, enough rambling. homework.

 When it comes to Ryan, we can be as mean as we want. Someone shoot me now. I'm totally screwed. I have to read another stinking book by Thurs and write 3 papers in the mean time. I also have to go to the all school picnic and play my stupid band songs. Wait, I have to go in 20 minutes, why the hell am I telling you this? Nice seeing you guys btw...or, some of you guys...

 that's mean Linds

 Hahahaha!!! Yeah, definitely not the sanctuary, heaven forbid!!! He would burn for eternity... heheh, now how could we lure him in there? heheheh... anyway, yeah, we were dressed exactly alike, just about it...even the shoes. It was kinda cool, kinda dorky, but we couldn't help it, so we enjoyed it. Can't wait to see the bed set, it sounds really cute.

 Ahh, Linds you forget to inform the masses, or at least the people on the BLog, that you and I were dressed exactly the same for Kickoff. Yes, and the scarier part, we hadn't talked since 10:30 that morning, with no clothing disscussion at all. We came dressed that way by pure chance...or the twin thing we've got going. I think thats a good sign that we spend way too much time together. So, I got a new bed set! It's really cute...well, cute is not a good word there, more, better than it was. Technically I don't think Ryan entered the Sanctuary, therefore God's wrath wouldn't have been implored to him because that is the holiest spot in the chuch.

 Ryan was at Kickoff. Needless to say, I was not a very happy person, as Abby can attest. She got pretty pissed at me at one point, but she had every right to, so it's ok. Freaked me a bit, obviously, but I think I'm ok now. Just hope he doesn't come next sunday and start back or something. That sounds really awful, I know, and Scott will probably not like me saying that he shouldn't be in church, but he shouldn't be... what happened to being burned by the holy water, anyway?

 Well I have braved the turmoil and horrors of the beach and now I have returned. Well yah, it wasn't that bad. It was red flagged almost every day so I never got to go swimming, but I watched more TV then I had in 3 months :p Well after reading up on everything, sounds like school is going ok, hope that study hall thing works out. I must say, school sucks. yay!

 I can't get in touch ya Linds :( Either your phone or mine isn't picking up your signal from Alabama :( Hope things are going well.

 I'll be in AL all day. Call me on my cell if you need me. Or just call me. 473-2890.

 Yeh, I had the same reaction.

 Oh, now I get it. At first I was like, "What is he talking about?" but now I understand...just takes me a little while to get there.

 Can I have your autograph?

 I don't like drama. It's not cool. I'm really sorry Linds. So, weird phone call today. The Tennessean called and asked to interveiw me on a food drive I had done about 4 months ago. Everyone look in the Williamson A.M. if you would like to see it...oh yeh, it should be there on Friday. It kinda caught me off guard to say the least.

 hmm.....if you need to talk you know my number but i would advise you not to call me tonight.

 Oh yeah, and the family is about to feud because Kayleigh was the name Megan had chosen for her baby before she even talked to Tisa, so she's still going to name it that. And my Aunt June (Tisa's mom) is up in arms about it. Fun, fun.

 OMG

 Tisa had her baby. It's a girl, named Kayleigh, both mother and daughter are doing well. She was 7 lbs, 11 ozs. Her father was there for the delivery, who would have guessed? For those of you who know about Katie, she's doing well, recovering consciousness every so often, enough to open her eyes but not to speak. If you don't know about Katie, I'll post it later, cause I'm in kind of a hurry now. Megan is getting married to Blake in October. It's official, and it officially sucks. Baby's still doing well as far as we know, which isn't much, but she's told us she will not be returning home.

 Dogs>>>>>>Cats.

 Cats > Dogs

 um...not much to say

 Oh, and if anyone wants to share homework assignments (Josh, Rosie) please feel free. And Liz, remind your mom that dogs live longer, healthier lives if there are two of them together, even if they are different breeds. If anyone is confused, go read Liz's Livejournal. Wow, don't I sound like one of those annoying salespeople.

 You just said uber. The world has come to an end. And yes, I'm sick. You won't see me today unless you come to the lit club meeting. I talked my mom into letting me go to that. Oh the joy of waking up early.

 Linds is out with a stomach virus so she's ill again. It's an Uber day! No Calc or Physics Hmwk...this must be near heaven. Oh yea to add to that, Josh, I almost pushed Phil into a wall. Wow that made my day. Anyway have fun all, Rosie And everyone, Josh's advice usually goes *whoosh* becuase it's well, NOT MY WAY!!

 Scott says "hi." Yeh, Me no lika school... ok, I don't know why I wrote that, I think I really am going insane. 3 days, and it feels like 6 months. How the hell does that happen? Ugh is all I can say. And *whoosh* cause everyone else is.

 Ooh, nice shot at your daddy right there. Gotta love that.

 Before I start ranting, just read my LiveJournal. Major shit happened today. Thanks for the shout-out, Josh. Sucks I don't see you more often to actually, I don't know, speak. ;) *whoosh* ;) Anyway, physics does indeed suck, but hopefully it will be my last science. Talk to you guys soon. Oh, Hi, Scott! Thanks for reminding these guys of my address. I appreciate it. Good job! As for Michael, I don't give a damn. People with that name are not scoring well in my book as of late, if you catch my drift. ~Z

 *whoosh* yeah, that's why I'm not taking fisics. I hate it. *whoosh*

 Yeppers!! actually it's not horrible yet

 NIce to know that my last post went WOOSH, right thru one ear and out the other...eagh. Hoo-ah!!

 That's pretty damn good. The max for both is an 800...and since you pretty much p-frickin-wned the verbal, just work on ze maths a bit and you'll be jammin'. But yes yes, that is very goot. I took the SAT in 7th grade and got an 1100 or something and they were flipping out, even tho a lot of other kids did hella better than me. I was Seattle, hoo-ah! If that doesn't complete the "die from a heroin OD when I'm 30" bit, I don't know what does. Congratulations, you're Seattle, the Emerald City. What US city are you? urlLink Take the quiz by urlLink Girlwithagun .

 me too. ok, I have a question. I just took a practice PSAT, and I got a 1280 (700 verbal, 580 math.) Is that a good score? Or should I start really worrying?

 i think we should actually do this

 Leave it to Robin Williams to come up with the perfect plan... what we need now is for our UN Ambassador to stand up and repeat this message. Robin Williams' plan...(Hard to argue with this logic!) I see a lot of people yelling for peace but I have not heard of a plan for peace. So, here's one plan: 1. The US will apologize to the world for our "interference" in their affairs, past &present. You know, Hitler, Mussolini, Tojo, Noriega, Milosovich and the rest of those 'good ole boys.' We will never "interfere" again. 2. We will withdraw our troops from all over the world, starting with Germany, South Korea and the Philippines. They don't want us there. We would station troops at our borders. No one sneaking through holes in the fence. 3. All illegal aliens have 90 days to get their affairs together and leave. We'll give them a free trip home. After 90 days the remainder will be gathered up and deported immediately, regardless of who or where they are. France would welcome them. 4. All future visitors will be thoroughly checked and limited to 90 days unless given a special permit. No one from a terrorist nation would be allowed in. If you don't like it there, change it yourself and don't hide here. Asylum would never be available to anyone. We don't need any more cab drivers or 7-11 cashiers. 5. No "students" over age 21. The older ones are the bombers. If they don't attend classes, they get a "D" and it's back home baby. 6. The US will make a strong effort to become self-sufficient energy wise. This will include developing non-polluting sources of energy but will require a temporary drilling of oil in the Alaskan wilderness. The caribou will have to cope for a while. 7. Offer Saudi Arabia and other oil producing countries $10 a barrel for their oil. If they don't like it, we go some place else. They can go somewhere else to sell their production. (About a week of the wells filling up the storage sites would be enough.) 8. If there is a famine or other natural catastrophe in the world, we will not "interfere." They can pray to Allah or whomever, for seeds, rain, cement or whatever they need. Besides most of what we give them is stolen or given to the army. The people who need it most get very little, if anything. 9. Ship the UN Headquarters to an isolated island some place. We don't need the spies and fair weather friends here. Besides, the building would make a good homeless shelter or lockup for illegal aliens. 10. All Americans must go to charm and beauty school. That way, no one can call us "Ugly Americans" any longer. Now, ain't that a winner of a plan. "The Statue of Liberty is no longer saying 'Give me your poor, your tired, your huddled masses.' She's got a baseball bat and she's yelling, 'You want a piece of me?'"

 so was i Congratulations, you're Atlanta, jewel of the South. What US city are you? urlLink Take the quiz by urlLink Girlwithagun .

 ok, here's a quiz for ya. I was Atlanta. Congratulations, you're Atlanta, jewel of the South. What US city are you? urlLink Take the quiz by urlLink Girlwithagun .

 Here are the REAL note =P New England Economically-Arigriculture but no SINGLE cash crop. --Rocky soil --Cold Climate-short growing seasons --lumbering, shipbuilding, whaling, and run led to diversified economy Trade--Key to prosperity Merchants-- Most Influential (kinda like the 1% of "southern gentlemen") Urban society--no big plantations Independent Farmers-- Backbone of the region (majority) = to souther yeoman farmers Education--Massachusetts public school Law passed in 1649 led to public education which in turn led to Harvard (education was based on the need to read the Bible for oneself) Religion--Puritanism-little toleration Townships-- 36 sq. mile blocks that led to orderly expansion withih the community--this allowed tor town meetings to happen which let town meetings take place which ties into helping self-government develop and then democracy.----the southern colonies were "organized in counties" If you know all that you're set. =)

 Scott and Josh, I love you guys. Thanks for the info. Abby, welcome back, thought you'd never get here. Yes you're sweet, of course. And I knew the book would scare you. That's why I gave it to you. And that's why it's not Adam, but Fred. Oh, and we need to talk about small groups, I can't do Fridays with yall. Call me tomorrow and we'll discuss.

 Btw, Linds. That book did scare the shit out of me.

 I am sweet, aren't I? I don't like school. It's stupid.

 I've got it politically... The north had better established gov'ts...didn't rely on counties like here in the good ol' south, we have "parishes" north o' Kentucky. The merchants were the driving political force since they had all the money and bluster. Altho that's hardly saying anything about what kind of system they had...but that's what I know, so I hope that helps a bit. I need to go read, speaking of. Tata chilluns.

 I was just jokin sheesh :p Ok, well from what I know about US history. The northern colonies: Ecnomically: Depended more on importaing/exporting, lumber, and fabrication of stuff as opposed to farming as the southern ones farm. Regligously: Northern was more puritan and quaker, and I believe, also Rhode Island was the only colony to not have a "offical" religon. Educationally: North had schools, first colleges up north, first primer schools, etc. The south has community schools where tutors were paid to teach communitys of kids (since plantations were far apart) or teach one kid. Politically: Not sure, I think they had different charters and what not. I hope all that info is correct, just a few notes that I picked up in US history this year. Anywho, good luck

 That is so sad... No, not the AP test, just a chapter test. Speaking of, can anyone help me with the essay question: "Compare Northeastern and Southeastern colonies economically, religiously, educationally, and politically"? I was there for the Southeastern ones, but I skipped out (ok, doc appt.) for the Yankee ones. I really really really need help on it, so if anyone knows anything about it, call me ASAP. I don't care what time it is.

 You are already having your AP test? It's the beginning of the year : Or are you just being prepaired O_o Did you guys know they have a CD of Pokemon songs? I was over at my counsin's and he had it, it was weird..of course now you all will believe that I'm making up this story to cover for the fact I bought a 3 year old Pokemon CD..but it's not true! Anywho, later peeps, skewl sucks.

 Liz, couple of questions. But first a comment: I hate not being able to post on your site. Ok, questions: 1) Have you seen Boy Meets Boy? Kind of like Queer Eye. Mrs. Duer got me started on it. 2.) Why are you staying with Sandy? That's kind of random. 3.) When are you going to get around to calling me? :( Ok, so I could call you if I ever thought about it. And one final question posed to all BHS kids: Yall want to go to the library tomorrow and study for this AP US Historyt test? Please? That would be great. That's all for now. Except for I missed you at school today, Josh. But Julian, Rob, and I had LOTS of fun without you. Pthththth!!! (That's me sticking my tongue out at you. I figure that's a good way to spell it.

 LINDS!!!!! I am SOOOOO sorry about the church thing. I overslept really bad on Sunday and just didn't come period. I soooooooo sorry. Will you be playing again ever? And what did you play, anyway? Toodles. Message to all: Read my LiveJournal. Hopefully, if I'm doing my job, you'll laugh your ass off. ~Z

 wait....what did you play?

 If your source is Abby, it's not reliable cause she likes me. She was up there with me while I was playing, how sweet is that?

 Well I heard from an excellent source that you did great...so I'm sticking to that.

 Your dad sounds like mine. Anyway, my English summary thing is only 12 sentences long (341 words). Is that long enough do you think? I hope it is...I'm not doing any more on it. I just spent 2 hours doing that much. I read the book in an hour, so I figured it would take less time to write the essay. That was a freakishly easy book. I want to see the Two Towers. I love Gollum. Good luck on everybod'ys piano. Mine sucked when I played at church yesterday. Probably cause I was sick though. I got strep, not the kind where it makes your throat hurt though, it's kinda weird. But anyway, it's caused my mono to flair up, so even though the strep is gone, the mono isn't. So I'm gonna go take a nap. G'night all.

 Good to hear, Blair's the piano place right? I get to learn a full length song tomorrow for my piano lesson :gasp: well at least start one. Anyone bought the Two Towers yet? I watched it over the weekend :D

 Nope, still alive luckily. My mom is ok but she's worried about physics since I'm struggle with it so but it's way better now. Dad is still mad...but then again he's always unhappy about something. I START AT BLAIR TOMORROW...YAY!

 I guess you made it out a live Rosie, how'd it go with your mom? I didn't catch yah yesterday, I was afraid you were toast :p

 ....U and Becca?!

 Yeah, it is. Becca just left. She came over at 3:00 and we've been working on our forensics duo piece. She's actually really good. We're doing a piece called "Goodbye, Lizzie Borden." It's about Lizzie Borden (surprise, surprsie) and her sister Emma. Becca gets to kill me in the end. It's fun.

 Wow, I haven't been on since Thursday and there have been 2 posts. That's really sad.

 Wooho, Happy bday Rosie. Sorry I can't make it tonight, hope things turn out lovely for ya :)

 Hey. I'm going to do Calc all morning today...yes I know, math on my b-day. But Pavan woke me up today to get me there so I guess I kinda have to go. Anyways that means Zabeth, that if you try to call me before 12 you won't get me. SO I'm going to call you after I get back. Hope that works for you. Also it'd prolly be 4ish.

 I know I'm probably not going to be on tomorrow, so Rosie, let me be the first to wish you a happy birthday and a sweet sixteen.

 Still bored...

 Bored, bored, bored, bored, bored.

 I don't think it's Thursday anymore...

 Yeah, why?

 um...guys....isn't today thursday?

 How much?? That's the big question.

 I'm sorry Linds. I know these weeks are going to be tough, but I know you'll go through them with flying colors. Huh, have you ever looked at that phrase? "Passed with flying colors"...what the hell does that mean? How can colors fly and why does it mean you've passed? Yeh, um, anyway, back to my inspirational post, you can call me anytime and scream as loud as you want into my phone, using code names, of course. And the whole anger thing, you can be mean, I can be meaner. That's all you need to know, so I know that you won't be in bad moods around me, now, will ya? And for the heak of it, I'm sorry everyone for...um...not going to your school. Oh, speaking of screaming, I got to scream today AND it was recorded. Boy howdy, I was in a recording studio before Josh. Now thats just wrong. But I really enjoyed it. Now, for all the rest of the people on the BLog who are incredibly confused now, I was asked by my drama teacher to do this skit thingy for a company that sent CDs of their products out. It involved a very 50's "Leave it to Beaver" skit thing at the beginning. I played Peggy Sue, the older, sarcastic sister to Wilber, the equivalent to the Beaver. It was fun, although the kid who played Wilber is really mean. But other than that it was super fun, plus I got money, so that makes it a THOUSAND times better. I'm sick of typing, so I'm going to go.

 Meg's here. w00t. She's leaving on thursday, going to stay with Tisa for two weeks at the army base, then coming back for who knows how long, probably 2-3 weeks. This could be fun.

 heh...Linds you aren't THAT bad. I threw a fit tonight and yelled at my piano for awhile. Then snapped at Dad and Mom. Amazingly they took it and didn't yell back...prolly becauce I CAN'T STAND THIS PIECE!!!

 While we're apologizing, I'm sorry to both Will and Rosie for biting your heads off in Kessler's room. I still think I'm right, but yall weren't the ones who should have taken the brunt of my semi-tamper tantrum. And a note to everyone: I'm going to be really on edge these next two weeks. Not only is Megan coming, but I'm starting on Prednisone, which makes me really angry really easily, and I explode at little things. In fact, yall may just want to steer clear of me unless you think you can handle me being really mean. And I'm going off medicine that I've been on for two years starting tomorrow so that's not really helping things either. Just an FYI so yall can prepare yourselves.

 Rosie, im sorry for what happened in English. I snapped at you and you didn't deserve it and for that I apologize.

 AKK. Linds, Um hope you survive and I'm here but I have a feeling you aren't going to be on the phone much =P. Josh... One word:scary. Will...what did you need to talk to me about? I got the message from Zabeth =P...Did you "call" her yet? Zabeth... I just talked to ya so nothing much what do you guys think of the new blogger? Are they on a mission to disturb everything?

 (Hey, Linds posted after my !!*! post, and I didn't even notice.) (That's pretty crazy, man.) (As for that...muchly a w00tfrickinw00t on that account...) (Akk on two weeks tho, *sob*. ) (Well, you can always have "study groups to go to elsewhere " every day for the next two weeks.) (Early exam preps, you see.) (Yes.) (heh) (So guys...) (There's going to be a formal day for Homecoming.) (So the obvious question is, "Will, gonna wear a zoot suit with me?) (Heheheh.) (For crying out loud, how many times in life to you get to wear a zoot suit?) (So hell yes, I am.) (And Western Day is going to be cool too.) (I should bring a real cow, talk about school spirit.) (I dunno about Super Hero Day tho.) (I was thinking about going as Death Man.) (Just so I can wear an impermeably dark hood and not have my face seen and easily sleep whilst sitting up.) (Altho I heard it's going to be 80s Day instead.) (In which case, I'm going to cry.) (Ya know...get the 80s hair going, and glam rawker makeup on.) (Hahahaha.) (Aww crap I just noticed...) (I didn't post anything wholly relevant to the whole of the BLog.) (Craptastic.) (Umm well...) (Uh...) (How 'bout them Titans?) (Peach tea is really good.) (Cats are obviously superior.) (I never really vocaled on that but yes.) (Cats > Dogs) (Altho Couscous > Everything) (So it's up to you all to decide.) (I need a new ending.) (How about some random rhyming words for no apparent reason?) (Hardy har.) (Nonagons and nuptuals, friends.)

 Nobody posts anything relevant. Sort of.

 (Hey guys.) (I rediscovered the "jazz guy" voice yesterday while reading thru some old BLogs.)(I hope you all don't mind.) (You remember...the one that has "parenthesis" on it so as to make it sound obscure and quiet?) (Attaway.)(So yes...)(I'm helping my sis with her Geometry homework, or at least I think I am.)(I dunno jack about this crap.)(And she's reading this right now, so she's all, "whadaya mean ya don't know?)(And stuff.)(Groovy.) (Anyway...you all have a psychedelic day.)(Nobody posts on here anymore.)(That comment has some obvious underlying connotations, doesn't it, Abby?) (Heheheh.)

 Megan's coming on Thursday. Staying for a buttload of time, 2 weeks maybe? May not get married to Blake. w00t. Not getting my hopes up though.

 ! ! ! ##@#$%%~~ **###** **^^^(( ::##@__++!!!!!! %#%@@(())^^$^^!)!)!)!)!)! ^@#$@!#$%&(&*^$@~

 ... I thought they weren't settled...

 Abby and I can't make it. We're going to the Jars of Clay concert with my cousin and his girlfriend. Sorry, but we had already made plans with them before hand.

 Ok everyone on this Blog (I think everyone...well the regulars anyway): YOU ALL ARE COMING TO MY HOUSE ON SAT. SEPT 13, 2003 AT 5:30pm. Ok, enough of the caps. But really I was ALL of you there/here/whatever because it wouldn't be the same without you ALL. Dinner will pizza (for those that constantly ask about food) and snacks and whatnot. Yea I haven't really planned...except for the fact that it's from 5:30 to whenever. Oh yea, Silly string, if I can get a hold of a massive amount of Silly string I do believe we'll have some fun with it in my backyard. AND bring your favorite movie or movies to fill in as background noise or just fill time. Oh yea, if you guys expect cake...well you'll be disappointed... SO don't look for it...unless I get mad and decide to bake. Ok I think that's it. If I'mm missing something (and I prolly am) just put the question here.

 Well, yeh...ok then...

 Were my tags open? Oops I took it, posted, than ran out the door, looked ok in the preview thing. Thanks Josh. Yes, the whole quiz thing is quite interesting, weird what the nets full of these days :p

 I don't really feel like taking the quiz thingy. Take it for me, Linds. So, yeh, I'm at my grandparents house. You want to know why? Well, I'm going to tell you anyway. My power went out this morning at 7:30 and has yet to come back on. I would like to look slightly decent for school tomorrow, why, I don't know and so my mom and I are here while my sis is in Atlanta and my father in NYC. Wahoo...sort of...a little...no, not so much...no, not really at all...

 Rraugh, need to fixxxx them HTML tags. Dude, I read the synopsis on Washington D.C. last night...this Girlwithagun doesn't like WaDC too much at all. Just thought I should bring that up, since the synopsi were pretty interesting in general.

 Congratulations, you're Washington, DC., the capitol of the United States. What US city are you? urlLink Take the quiz by urlLink Girlwithagun

 \/\/007! |-|00-@|-|. 7|-|@7 |5 @11. L337 is so...L337. Heheh.

 My inner child is sixteen years old! Life's not fair! It's never been fair, but while adults might just accept that, I know something's gotta change. And it's gonna change, just as soon as I become an adult and get some power of my own. urlLink How Old is Your Inner Child? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla Nice to know that my inner child is about a week ahead of me.

 Man...having a license is so clich. For us poor folk, the natural social obligation, and rung in the social ladder, is to go out, get a job, get money, and work our way into the world because that's what everyone else does, or did about a thousand years ago when they were sixteen. And if you really think about it, it's nice having a car, but at the same time it's a lot of junk too, like maintaining it, foremost, then, like, when mom wants some eggs or mayo, and she chrows (as in, "throws") you inna the car and sends you packing to the store. It's interesting how unsurprised the store people are when you come in really late and buy weird stuff, tho. That makes sense, I guess. But that wasn't the point. Blah, I forgot what it was. Driving's lost its flair with me. My parents made me drive everywhere with my permit so as to put the fear of God into me, I can remember not driving TWICE with my mom, which is whose I drive 99 percent of the time. But HEY, you might get the one-armed man. Abby and I have seen the one-armed man. I took my test with him, he was cool, albeit a bit silent. I think he hates two-armed people tho, and the fact that he has a very low paying job showing stupid people how they suck at driving, talking to him in languages he doesn't understand most of the time (and that's not bigotry, that's fact) probably contributes to his loathing of the human race. I made up a really big story about the one-armed man and how he lost his arm and thus detests the race of man and plans revenge upon humanity, and it sounded really good, but: 1. I forgot it, and 2. He probably just wasn't paying attention and got it stuck in a grinder or something. Not so epic as being punished by the Mongols after he took his special time machine back to the dynasty wars to avenge his ancestors, or something to that effect. It was cool. I had caffeine today and it shows. I never really make lots of and/or elongated posts much anymore ("thank God!" breathed the world) since I quit burning out. What a loser I am. I like being cool, boy howdy.

 Arr mateys. How much does a pirate pay to get a piercing? A buccaneer. ARR! Heheheheh. I heard that and thought I should share it. I also heard another one that I'll post on mine instead, so as to be justified in posting it in my place of Blogging, because it is a bit tasteless.

 oh yea, You'll get your license before me prolly...or around the same time. I can't get it until after next week because my dad is out of town...*whine*

 ...ok Linds, SORRY SORRY SORRY SORRY

 There was a guy at Chili's yesterday with a shirt that said "ARRR. September 19 is National Pirate Day." Didn't know it was actually true though. That's awesome. Though I wouldn't suggest the rape and plunder. That's usually looked down upon. And everybody check your e-mail ASAP.

 Ne'er do they grace the divine pages of this book. I had to say that Will was dead "for all intents and purposes", and have that translated as a death threat before he actually allocated a comment to the BLog. Tomorrow is "Speak Like A Pirate Day", kudos to wonderful, talented Abby. So I expect everyone to be full pirate tomorrow, because I sure as hell will. Just watch me bust out the parrot and eye patch and cutlass and rape and plunder and everything. It'll be AWESOME! Hoo-ah! Congratulations!

 OMG i JUST realized....alot of people have posted here....now we just have to drag Will and Zabeth from where ever they are

 =P thanks Linds...knew I could count on you. =P Oh yea...you are quoting Dr. Phil exactly. I was watching that show he did on it...it was informative and interesting.

 I don't think it's totally a mind thing. I eat ALL the time. Most of you should know that, if you know anything about me. And I DO NOT need to gain any more weight. I'm proud to say that I reached 100 and plan to stay there, since that is almost the weight I was at 3 years ago. So, there. Of course I was being sarcastic. Seriously, what did I say in one of my first posts on this blog? THAT I'M SARCASTIC!!! Michael wants you to call him at 8:30. Yeh, so $300 in makeup? I just got some new stuff, but it was, like, a buck. Yeh, thats my family for ya. And, its rubbing off on me. I don't like Dr. Phil. He's too opinionated for me...that sounds so wrong...

 It would make sense....also because I watch that show...indirectly...every...day...but yes, these people like to associate alleviating their pain with the pleasures of indulgence...hence they get really big and they can't stop themselves. The whole ancient conflict of not knowing what's really good for us. Blah blah blah. Dr. Phil has a pretty good show tho, he understands the hows and whys of people screwing themselves up, which is a lot more than can be said for a lot of "by the book" psycho-docs out there.

 It is a mental problem. You can't fix the physical stuff till you get the mental stuff right. For example, Rosie needs to fix her body image. ;)

 I need to meet you guys -_-

 um....i'm STILL overweight no matter what dr. phil says. Oh yea and the reason he's talking about weight is because he thinks is more of a mental problem

 I don't know them, except Abby's. I'm just going on their size compared to mine.

 What's Dr. Phil have his PhD in? Physchology..hmm yah... It's weird and funny that you know all of your girl friend's weight Linds. I don't know any of my friends weight, I don't even check mine that often (It hasn't changed in a while oddly enough) I guess I'm just a guy :p

 Of course she was being sarcastic. She feels about the same way you do about her and Holly both, with a little more hostility towards Holly than Becca, however. Sorry about not coming tonight, Abby, but I was busy having the best day I've had in a while. And Josh, sorry about not coming to MLK too, Mom said no, and I couldn't find you anyway, so... I didn't go, but I called your cell. Anyway, best day in a while, yes. Ok, so I went to my second favorite place in the whole wide world (first place being Abby's house, obviously. Or on a cruise. Definite Tie.) Anyway, so second favorite place is the mall, another obvious one. Mom surprises me with a makeover at the Clinique counter and $300 worth of makeup. Wow. Guess I should take that as a hint I guess, but whatever. I'll wear makeup for a makeover anyday. So if I look all spiffy tomorrow, you'll know why. Then we went to look at stereo systems for my birthday. Very nice. I'm either getting a 5-disc changer Panasonic or 3-disc changer JVC. I don't know. Maybe something else just as nice. Then we went out to eat at Chili's, where I had a lovely conversation with Rosie (by the way, don't let me forget to take you home tomorrow. Meet me by the Campbell Center.) And then I came home. So I forgot my problems for a little while. Oh, and I got Dr. Phil's new book about weight loss. Turns out that for my height and bone structure, I'm the right weight. w00t. Abby, you need to gain some weight fast. Whit is gaining on you. And Rosie and Liz, yall are obviously fine. As for the guys, I have no idea. I didn't look yall up. Ok, so no word on Meggie. Keep Praying.

 Sorry but please tell me that you (abby) were being sarcastic about Becca. I really really really want to like her but it isn't working.

 O.o I met Cap'n Barnes, I think he thought Kyndall and I were going out. I know the lady in charge of classes did...that was fun..anywho So have any of you guys hear about those statues on Music Row? The 9 naked statues dancing or whatever? What are your views on public display of nudity? Inquiring...er an Inquiring Mind wants to know!

 Hey, maybe a good sign. I walk into study hall and guess what song Cap'n Barnes has playing on the CD player? "Here Comes the Sun". Only one of the best Beatles songs ever!! There was another freaky Linds connection, but I can't remember what it was...

 Ok, so I might not be able to post again today, so I thoght that I would do it now, even though I've nothing to respond to. Anyway, I'm sure your wondering why I won't be able to post. Well, I'm going back to Nashville Rescue Mission to present them with yet another $1000 check. Man, I thought I was done with that whole food drive thing. My parents think that they might offer me a job sometime soon. Then I go straight to handbells. Wahoo, what fun. An hour spent with my 2 favorite people, Becca and Holly. I can't wait. Oh joy. Please stop me before I explode from the excitement. Yeh, at least Emily, Betsy and Frances are going to be there. That should make it a little better. Then the service (haha, I NEVER go to that anyway) and youth group. Please come Linds. It'll give us some good "catching up" time. We have a lot to talk about. Then home. Food. Homework. Bed. Yay. I cannot wait. Any word from Megan?

 You have no idea how hard I'm praying.

 The only thing anyone can do now is pray. And yes, I know how weird that sounds coming from me. Dear Lord, we have tried everything in our power. But she's 18, and even if she wasn't, her parents won't let us do anything that might make her mad. My Uncle Dennis (not her dad) literally tried to kidnap her once, but even that didn't work. Don't think we haven't tried. We have. We've done everything in our power. That's why she was here. We didn't exactly want her here, but she was welcomed with open arms because we thought it might help. We've literally gone from one extreme to the other and back, from taking a firm stand against her seeing him and all that, to completely not caring, hoping that it was a control issue, and we've tried taking middle ground. None of it has worked. She's back with Blake and she didn't even want to be, really. She just wanted to go home before she went to Tisa's. And now she may never come back.

 Dear lordy. I know this isn't any of my business, nor am I expecting someone, especially you, Linds, to get involved in any fashion, or more than you expect of yourself, rather, but it doesn't sound like this is safe being let alone. Speaking from familial experience (and I could go on for days, being more long-winded than I normally am...and that's an accomplishment), this kind of thing can continue and escalate until it's less a crisis and more a disaster. But again, I'm only throwing down the seeds, not trying to cultivate a crop. Really, it seems well nigh impossible to actually do anything about the situation from here...I thought I should just bring it to the table and see what we all have to say about it.

 ...I know this is kinda a pointless question but really, is there ANYTHING any of us can do?

 Linds, I'm so sorry.

 Thanks, Lord knows we need it.

 Suckitude Linds, I'm praying for you guys :(

 Blake took Megan last night. She agreed to meet him for dinner, and when her dad came back to pick her up (they took away her car a long time ago) she was nowhere in sight. So he heads to Blake's house, and they're riding down the road in Blake's truck, with Megan crying in the front seat, and Blake's dad (a convicted child molester who has also put a $10,000 life policy out on Blake and his brother and then hired someone to have them killed) was behind them to make sure Megan didn't get out. When my uncle got there, she had been beat around pretty bad, but she wouldn't come with him. We think he threatened her pretty bad. He's really mad because Tisa (the other one who just had a baby) saw him at a football game the other night and embarrased him in front of his friends and because Megan left without his permission and wouldn't talk to him and stuff. We have no idea where Blake took her, nor do we know if she's still alive. So yeah, my family's really screwed up right now.

 So, it's 7:13 on this fine monday morning and I'm at school, waiting in the library for the other people doing the math project with me to show. I've been here since 6:55 and they said they would arrive at about 7. Um, I don't see them. Thats majorly not cool. This thing is due 7th period. Happy belated, sorta, birthday Rosie.

 Megan left. She got mad at us because we're too strict and won't baby her, so she's run back to Blake.

 Hoo-ah all. Fun fun fun, til our daddy takes the t-bird away. I'm bored if you couldn't tell. Now I'm going to annoy someone else. YES.

 Excellent to hear Lindseyreid, albeit confusing...you should just kill all the ones that disagree next time, or bring Abby, that should do it. And...YEEHAW! Happy 16 in advance!

 Congress was good, but it about wore me out. I got 16 points though, which is pretty good. The max is 24. It was kind of hectic though, cause no one had the same legislation, so we had to debate about what we were going to debate about. It was insane. All right, so the next time yall see me, I'LL BE SIXTEEN!!!!! W00T!!!!!

 Sorry I haven't been postin much guys :( The other day I was bored and so I reformated my computer and spent yesterday adding most of the settings back, I love being a underground nerd :p On a bad note My grandpa has been sick and he went to the doctor today and they told us to admit him to Baptist. Yah so if you'd keep my family in your prayers. Later and good luck with Mrs. Calhoun

 Man...it's awesome that we all agree on this stuff! Wow, and I thought I was the only one, felt like such a loser being as how much I love...that...class. Will is right. She never really explained how Logos and Pathos and Ethos are really applied, but boy howdy if she didn't get us about a thousand pages of documentation on it. And yet...I would probably smack the person bold enough to tell her so. Sigh.

 Wow, what a cawink-a-dink! Boy howdy, I love English AP too. This is way too weird.

 Mrs. Calhoun is a moron but she is too nice to tell her. I hate it when that happens.

 Ok, so I'm posting just for the sake of posting, cause I haven't for like 2 days, which is pretty much a record. Oh, and I found my cell phone, which was lost (but now is found.) And then, um, right. So gotta love English AP...

 Oh, I can survive, but I might not be the same. You'll be able to tell if I offer you something to eat and begin to describe every item in the fridge while taking it out.

 Man, and the BLog was all alive and craaaazy for a couple o' days there... Oh...ghastly death it be, what for to be shell'd within a ennui-filled perdition. Staying with the G-Parentals isn't ever on the top of the list, especially for more than a day...well, at least my craaazy redneck ones down south, YEEHAW! My grandmother is frickin' nuts, and it makes me want to, like, SCREAM AT HER, "STOP BEING SO DAMNED PSYCHOTIC!!! RRRRAAAAAUUUGGGHHH!!!!" Heh. Eagh, please survive Abby Mac, only two days, two days, two days.

 So, yeh. I'm not so sure I like this whole "parents-being-out-of-town-so-i-have-to-stay-at-my-grandparents" thing. Its not so fun, but whatever. Not much I can do about it now. Oh well. Good to see that people have posted lately.

 Ugh...

 Naw dude, down with the OLD! GO 6ers!

 16 all the way!!

 My inner child is sixteen years old! Life's not fair! It's never been fair, but while adults might just accept that, I know something's gotta change. And it's gonna change, just as soon as I become an adult and get some power of my own. urlLink How Old is Your Inner Child? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Aww w00t. My inner child is six years old! Look what I can do! I can walk, I can run, I can read! I like to do stuff, and there's a whole big world out there to do it in. Just so long as I can take my blankie and my Mommy and my three best friends with me, of course. urlLink How Old is Your Inner Child? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla And here I was worrying about being old...not that I'm not, but that's a really good morale booster tharr.

 5 points to Ravenwood. According to the scoring of football, I'd love to have seen how they would have pulled that one off.

 46-5 I think was the score

 How was BHS's homecoming? I hope you guys beat Ravenwood, I'm sure yah did. So what's going on with Deech and stuff? What did he do? Well off to watch the Cubs mutilate the Braves

 nice to see the whole love thing going on at your church...

 So, where can I buy the new Barbiedolls? Wal-Mart? or Dollar General? And, yeh, so, anyway. Deech is an ass-hole and that's about it. Although I don't technically have to beat him up myself, I still would like the glory of it. How about a nail-bat as weapon of choice? Oh, and by the way, Linds. We get to beat up Pat too. I'll explain later. And I don't want to take a 15-minute survey, thank you very much.

 \/\/00 |-|00!!!!1111 Cartwheel city. Tomorrow I am going to do a cartwheel when I get to school, as Linds can attest. I'm going to wait til she gets there, actually. So if anyone would like to see me bust my ass/head on solid concrete, come to the B Hall before school! You can't miss us! I'll be the one screaming at the top of my lungs (like I do every morning) with long hair and an EMO kid, marijuana-like-induced, drawl! Yeepin, tomorrow is going to pwn azz0r. And as for Abby...I'M SORRY! I shouldn't be talking about cool slacker stuff for those of us who aren't going to be in on it. In her stead and defense, "nobody posts anything relevent on here". DI, w00t. When are we starting? And That Is All Man, I'm really abusing my HTML privlidges and I have no life whatsoever. I just got back from running so I feel like I can move at about nine million miles an hour, which I am, in fact, doing as I type this post, at only a slightly decelerated rate. Adieu, mes amis.

 Heheheh. That's all pretty accurate. For the Dickerson Road there should be more about crack and smack, and STDs. The one they gave cooresponds more for Ken. If you've ever seen a Dickerson Road whore, you'll know what the Barbie version really should look like. And you've probably laughed really hard simultaneously. I know I do everytime my dad and I pass them.

 One of my mom's friends sent it to her. Ironically, she lives in Georgia...

 where did u find that?

 Ok, too obnoxious (and funny!) not to show yall!!! New Barbies Barbie Dolls Inc. announces the release today of: Limited Edition Barbie Dolls for the Nashville Market: Belle Meade Barbie : This princess Barbie is only sold at the Mall in Green Hills, at selected stores only. She comes with assortment of Kate Spade handbags, a Lexus, a lapdog and a 2 million dollar house. Options include tummy tuck, face lift, spa certificates for Tiba, and a workaholic cheating husband Dr.Ken. BrentwoodBarbie : This trendy homemaker Barbie is available with the Lexus SUV or Ford Windstar minivan, gets lost easily, and has no full time occupation or secondary education. Traffic jamming cell phone sold separately. Optional matching gym outfit. Dickerson RoadBarbie : This recently paroled Barbie comes with a 9mm handgun, a Ray Lewis knife, a slammed Chevrolet with oversized wheels and tinted windows and a Methadone Clinic Ken. Also available in a jailbird version with orange coveralls. Green Hills Condo Barbie : This yuppie Barbie comes with choice of a BMW sports car or a souped up Hummer 2, Starbucks cup, credit card and shallow Ken. CheathamCountyBarbie : This white-trash model comes in Wrangler jeans two sizes too small, a NASCAR shirt, big hair, a six pack of Coors Light and a Hank, Jr. CD set. She can spit over 5 feet and she can kick Ken's a$$ when she's drunk. A pickup is available with Confederate flag bumper stickers. MurfreesboroBarbie : The Murfreesboroversion has a mouth that is firmly closed so as not to show her summer teeth, Daisy Dukes and a half T-shirt that guarantees you can see her navel piercing and at least 5 tattoos. Both versions swear incessantly and are not recommended for children. She is an MTSU drop-out, and has never made it out of what she calls "the rockin' boro" Whitehouse Barbie : This tobacco chewing, brassy-haired Barbie still has not learned that you can't wear high-heeled sandals from Payless with no pedicure and without breaking a heel and falling while you chase your beer gutted mullet wearing boyfriend. Her make-up is dark red lip liner with lips covered in a sparkly pink color or no fill-in at all. Her ensemble includes low-rise acid-washed jeans with assorted colored G-strings that stick out the back of her jeans, a white barely-there see-through shirt. Her long, layered hair is bleached/highlighted and BIG. Accessories include: CD-player equipped with Bon Jovi, and a 1996 Camaro Z-28. SmyrnaBarbie : This Barbie is the same model of Barbie that was released in 1982. She comes with shoulder pads, dark polyester skirt, white pantyhose and a bad haircut. Options include a Rick James T-shirt, Walmart purse and outdated shoes.

 What did he do?

 Abby, we should have known we wouldn't have to get our hands dirty!! I completely forgot Josh would take care of him for us!!

 umm....what did he do now?

 Isn't Deech yall's youth minister?

 Don't worry, the both of you. While you all sit back and enjoy a drink compliments of the Ringside, I'll be killing Deech with projectile weapons and other such nuances of much-deserved abuse. And of course, I'll hold him down and let you all have turns with him for being a stupid ass, with a weapon of your choice, and suits to prevent his befilthed blood from spoiling your clothing. Good job Deech, you really screwed with the wrong group. Abby, don't forget culinarily-endowed, Spinning Song-etiquetted, and brilliant. The rest is also absolutely correct.

 Thanks, Abby!!! But, yeah, don't worry. I'll DEFINITELY be there. And I'll beat the shit out of him for you, so you don't have to get your hands dirty.

 Yeh, I know I'm sweet. That's just a part of who I am, that and humility are my two best qualities. Well, and I'm vibrant too. Ok, Top 3 best qualities. You know, I'd rather not talk about it anymore. I'm strangely not that mad today. So, yeh, but Linds, you might want to be there the next time I see Deech, you know, to hold me back from beating the shit out of him and all. Happy day-after-your-Sweet-16, Linds!

 *blush* Thanks, yall. I really figured I'd feel all different now, but I really don't. Got some really cool stuff though. Whit got me a Brentwood Bruins afghan, which is completely cool, and my parents got me insurance, and a 5-disc cd changer for my room. It's JVC, and it's the size of my dresser. It's one of those 3-piece sets- it's got subwoofers and everything. I just learned what that was today, so I'm using it as often as I can. And then Abby brought me MINI MILANOS!!! How cool is that? She is so sweet... All in all, this has pretty much been the best birthday ever, except for the whole psych paper. And the thing at youth tonight, but that's another story that Abby can tell if she wants to. And so, I'm going to go read the Scarlet Letter *cough sparknotes cough* I can't help it- I'm lazy. Oh, and Reiners got tickets to the Guster concert on Friday, so I'm going with him. SWEET!!! Hope Michael doesn't mind that one...Oops. Oh well, it's not a date, so it doesn't count. w00t!!! GREAT birthday, all. GREAT birthday.

 Hooah! Yes! Now, the official Happy B-Day to Lindseyreid! Bon 16!

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!

 Happy Bday :)

 HAPPY B-DAY....I tried calling.

 That damn game. Dammit. Heheheh. It was a depressing game. I don't think I've been that involved in football in my life. Even while playing. Augh.

 Hey Rosie, I need you to call me about the game if yah can. I've got questions :p

 That is very true. Using my masterful arts of subterfuge...or autism, depending on if I took my meds or not...I'll...be sneaky?!? Notice the "?!?" ? That means I have no idea what I'll do. I've been practicing on the bus with my sister in the mornings. I'll pull my hoodie over my eyes and say, "Am I incognito?" And she's like, "Yeh, but I can see your hair." CRAP . So yes. We shall see, friends. That's cool, Rosie, w00tw00t to !|\|73r@c7! Have fun!

 I'm sure he'll find a way. After all, this is Josh we're talking about.

 Haha, how is Josh going to hide at the football game?

 @.@ I have to go ...that's why =P

 Truly, somehow. Using the "black hooded" disguise. And apparently, this will be a task requiring all my guile and effort. Why would I want to go to a game at my own school? One of no significance, no less? I agree, who does give a real shit? And if you do...\/\/|-|@7 @ 100z3r$@(_)r(_)$! That says, "what a loozersaurus!" in L337. No, but really...get your head checked.

 I think Josh is probably going to go to Abby's game incognito.

 I love the piano. That's why when I get home I go to the piano and then eat dinner and then go back...not that there's anything else to do. Well, homework, but who gives a shit about that?

 Jaoh, Will, Zabeth... I know Zabeth is coming to the Game (Oh yes you are!) SO I think Will and Jaoh need to make a showing too...PLEASE!!!

 That does make sense, Abby. And I hear that, Linds. But I dunno. It's the laymen's pianist taint, especially if you know how to play "Heart and Soul", and that gets transferred umbilically through the womb, I do believe.

 Actually, yeah, it was in their basement, finished basement, but basement all the same. But it wasn't really accessible to play for a while, and none of the family knew how to play, so only company ever played it. So it kind of makes sense.

 I totally agree. Except on the whole "Heart and Soul." I think its more an occasion for, um...well, I don't know, but you know what I mean. Linds is probably the only person who could tell me what song I would play if I saw a piano, and I didn't tell her what I was going to play. Does that make any sense whatsoever?

 New ones are incredible. I still can't believe the whole "yah 10 hours ever" deal. Wouldn't they see it while walking by and want to screw around with it? I mean, c'mon, a rousing bout of "Heart and Soul"? What, was the guy keeping it in his broom closet? And many more irrelevent questions that don't need to be answered, or much less pondered to any extent.

 Aww...I wish I could see it!! But...yeh...

 Sounds like a nice piano linds. Where did you get it from? I have to agree, the PSATs kinda suck. I have to take it in two weeks. I just wish I could move on to the SAT/ACT -_- Has anyone seen Rob Lowe's new show, Lyon's Den? I saw it tonight, seems kinda..ehh

 I got a new piano a couple of minutes ago. It's a flat black, 6 foot, 1981, baby grand Kawai. It is the most beautiful thing I've ever laid eyes on. It has the best touch; kinda stiff, but really it just needs to be broken in. It's only been played 10 hours in its whole life. It'll be here in about two weeks. I love my Daddy. He paid a buttload for it. Oh, and if anyone wants an antique piano, ours is for sale for $1000.

 ok that's SAD. I thought that we wouldn't slaughter them because they're our sister school...apparently not. Titans lost. PSAT's suck...just finished the math part after 2 hours of calc. Math is ...yea you get the pic. Oh yea...I hate the writers of Alias...can't they give Sydney a break?

 I think out of the sake of pity we gave them a touchdown, and they missed their extra point. Poor Ravenwood.

 I'm taking the PSAT sometime this month. They didn't get their extra point? Or was it two fieldgoals?

 Heheheh, a safety for Ravenwood. Heheheh. It was 6 anyway.

 Field Goal (3) and a Safety (2) That's cool that you guys won. What ever happened with your dance? Was it cancelled, that sucks if it was :/ Have you guys signed up for the SAT and ACT yet? When are you taking em?

 WTf?!? Roxor my soxor, separate escaladoras! Notice that everything really frickin' cool seems not to be in Brenthood. Sigh. Hbd Z, hope it was jammin'. I forgot my colour combinations, so thx Linds. Gonna go get some fingerpaint now and experiment!

 A separate escalator for your cart?!? (using Josh's signature punctuation there) This I have to see. And because it seems to be the trend to say so, even though I already have done so a couple of times, Happy Birthday, Liz. And brown is a mix of red and green. Black is the absence of color. White is all colors together.

 Whoa-- Liz, its your birthday?! Two-story Target rocks. A whole separate escalator for your cart.

 Happy Bday Liz :) And I thought white was a mix of everything, or black.

 You could think of being brown as being wonderfully diverse since brown is a mix of everything

 That is very true. This quiz is especially malinformed. I mean...brown...for Abby...and the implications thereby...really frick'n off, it's like shooting yourself in the foot with a target a foot in front of you. If that makes any sense. And I got yellow, which is...god forbid...Joy. Because while eminating bitterness and resentment of self and environment from day to day, I always take a minute to smell the daisies and give off an aura of energy and happiness. Nay. If there's a brown one, let me be it. I used to be black, anyway, and blue (I think that was melancholy, or pensive, I can't remember) at one point. They've changed the questions waaay up, tho. Tho I did enjoy the evil quiz, because all of my little stati things were slightly over the evil side, except for the "blackhearted" one...in which, I was a crutch-kicking, baby-candy-taking, pilfering vagrant. Leave it to a bunch of second-hand psychologists to exploit the evil in man and then make him enjoy it. Or to exploit the not-true in man and make him believe it. I actually thought I was a creature of sunshine for a moment there. Bah.

 So, yeh, Kyndall was brown too, so its making me feel a little better. Now there are three completely not brown people.

 WTF? Mono relapsed=w00t? Umm....no?!? Was that why ye warn't in 4th yesterday, lass? Arr. Will..."Genet, genet, oui oui." Hahaha. Will and I have a brilliant plan for DI. We'll be great. And capitalizing on our...or at least, my, best personality traits. Tho I've never seen Will act gay, tho I think he could do a really good job of it if he tried. If that tells you all anything about the nature of this brilliant, yet slightly culturually biased, plan. Irrelevently.

 Oh, and my freakin' mono relapsed. I didn't even go to school. w00t.

 Don't worry, Abby! I was brown too!!! We'll be ugly brown lumps together.

 NNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOO!!! I took the "What's your color quiz?" and I'm BROWN!! I never realized how ugly a color that is! Am I no longer vibrant? What am I going to do? My life is completely out of whack!

 Well, yeh. I took the evilness quiz on emode and I was mostly evil according to it. It made me happy. I laughed...evilly, of course. Um, btw, Linds, where did my Jersey Mike's go?

 Scott = 7x2 damn = 7x2 Super :p

 We're back up to 32% Evil, 68% Good. Just for the record. Some funny important words: Linds=13 Luchsinger=7x86 Kelly Clarkson=7x2 Josh=7 whipped=666 homosexual=7 bridge=13x9 dammit=7x7x6 Scott=7x2 GPA=13x6 damn=7x2 college=7x20 cherry coke=7x128

 Yes. I'm really not evil. My website has less evil than my blog...and fer cryin'...it's an evil place. It's really sad. w00t w00t w00t w00t w00t w00t Hahahahah. Take that, The BLog!

 It changes with every "important" word you put in. Words that, according to their equation, equals 13 (or a multiple of) or 7 (or a multiple of). Or it could be that you didn't put in the web address. You have to hit "Analyze another site or passage" and then type in the web address to this site (www.lindseysrants.blogspot.com) to be able to see the real "evilness." Right now we're at 76% good, 24% evil, which is kind of disappointing, but still better than Josh's.

 What? I clicked on it and it said "50% Good, 50% evil" Is that all? or is there something more? Yeh, whatever.

 urlLink urlLink Haha, my site is eviller than yours. But now I know why. Every time you use the word "w00t" your evil value goes down because it has a value of 7, a good number.

 Oh, what fun.

 I went to Kentucky- sorry about not telling yall about that. Good memory, Josh. See, you're not so old. Oh, and I fell in love with UK, so I may be going there. Got the possibilities up to three now: Auburn, Georgia, and Kentucky. Wow. Biggest Pro: Michael can go there if he gets a schoarship. And here's how easy it is- I can get a scholarship. You only have to have a 3.3 GPA and a 28 ACT or 1240 SAT, which both of us have. w00t. Mrs. Luchsinger taught us how to play bridge last year in Study Hall.

 AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!! I have so much homework tonight.

 Aye lad, that's true. It was quite a random and "ummm...."ing sort of post. I was the only one who posted this whole weekend. How irrelevent. I'm sorry Abby! But it's not that cool. For the majority 'o us, it'll be spent reading supergroovy books and doing nothing. Linds was at...a college. I hesitate to say which one. It was in Kentucky tho...I think?!? Stupid selective memory. I dun even know how to play Bridge. But that is awesome. You tend to whup up them in everything. Don't you think they'd learn to quit? Abby always wins. And four digit numbers always give me the "wow that's incredibly high" complex, so tharr be a double bonus. It's ten 'o clock and I'm tired. Hell...it's horrible to be old.

 I was sleeping all weekend :) Actually no, I just couldn't find anything that would measure up to Josh's last post :(

 Stupid people with no school...

 Ummm... Ok, so, I understand why I couldn't post over the weekend. And Linds too. (Where did you go by the way?) But, where is everyone else? Wow, playing bridge with my grandparents on a saturday night. Now, thats living. (Besides the fact that I whipped my entire family's ass while playing -- 1030 points to some other lower scores. I won. How sad is that?)

 "What is this feelin' takin' o-vah? Thinkin' no one could open tha doah..." Kelly Clarkson...ah, friends. Yes, this is really random, perhaps vaguely homosexual. Actually, it is homsexual (I'm sorry, Abby! heheh). But she's blaring away upstairs, and has been fo-eva, fo sho, at least all weekend, and all week. So I'm pretty much a Kelly Clarkson aficionado at this point. Ok, that last line really scared me. I'm going to purge this vile sin of pop music from my veins now. And now that really whorish "I Wanna Be Bad" song is playing. Life with a 14-year-old diva aspirant est tres bad. Thisall post was entirely irrelevent and not intended to have any meaning past killing braincells (a lot, I'm thinking). I don't even know why I'm making it, come to think of it. I don't know why I'm still making it. O, yeh. It was the Cherry Cokes from earlier. HAHAHAHA. Irrelevently yours. And sorry to those of you who are sitting there going "umm..."/all of you!

 Linds, where are you? i called!! my second half has disappeared into the vastness of the internet!!

 HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!! Yeah, definitely don't look up dingleberry. Don't worry, Josh, I have acid reflux too. Did the whole "eating a camera & drinking chalk" thing when I was four. It sucks.

 Oh CRUNK! Dingleberry est rad! They really need to put it in the dictionary. I'm going to look it up right now... HAHAHAH. My my. The dictionary is full of wonderful things. Don't look it up, by the way. Just don't. My god. The prognosis is acid reflux to the extent of death, pretty much. Remember how I used to talk about the "burning" that I would get around my heart when I was upset, back in the EMO days of, say, 12 months ago? It was actually acid creeping in during times of stress. So getting rid of it will, in effect, get rid of a lot of depression problems (they gave me Nexium, the little purple pill...everyone seems to know it when I say "the little purple pill", so hopefully that will help). It also explains why I'm such a liquid Nazi, especially when it comes to Cokes. Every time I drink one, it stops the burn for a few minutes. Altho I sort of took it to the addict level. And the acidics in the Coke made the acidics in the pit worse. Hence, seriously, no more carbonation. Speaking of addict...OPIUM. I think that's all that need be said to that effect. Sharing...hahahahahahhahahahaha. Oh, my. It's a good thing I'm/we're not (a) druggie(s). What a confusing grammatical psychobabble. Today was "it's time to stop being high, faggot" day. That means I had to come back down and touch earth. Damn. The drugs apparently didn't work because of all the caffeine...I drank so much Coke that I've stimulated my body to tolerate heavier substances. I don't blame them, but I wasn't too keen on the getting the hell ripped out of my throat part because they didn't know what else to do with some kid gagging to death. Shit, they acted like this had never happened before. And I got my just desserts for Helen Kellering. Aye.

 So was I...so was I.. That's cool about your piano, that's the one that has been hardly ever played right? Congrats on feeling better, hopefully no more relapses :)

 I GOT MY PIANO!!!! Yay for me. Also, I get to come back for half days on Monday. w00t. Not out quite as long this time, thank God. I'm feeling a lot better. Josh, I can't believe you woke up. That has got to be traumatizing. You deserve more drugs just for that. Sharing is nice too ;) Rosie, I wasn't going to say I told you so, but then I figured I may never have another chance to say it. In light of all that, I told you so. And also, they shoved a camera inside of Josh to see what's wrong with his stomach. Scott, Abby was being sarcastic. It's a little too early to assume Rosie's mom might be turning her into a girl. And just for Josh's and Abby's reading pleasure, I was reading a book last night, and it used the word "dingleberry" about 10 times. I laughed so hard I cried.

 It could be worse, you could be a guy and still getting dresses :p What is too early to assume Abby?

 She has gotten you 2 dresses and prom is in, like what, may? Its a little early to assume something like that.

 Hey guys. It's been awhile. Ok so I really really really think I should listen to some of you sometimes. 5APs...yea thanks linds. Ok so Gunter needs to become unpig-ish and Josh needs to get of the durgs. People that don't really know me need to stop bad-mouthing me and talking about putting drugs in my food. Zabeth needs her voice back and I need my sanity. Josh get better...NOW. So what's up with the drugs? You know how my mom has said that I'm not going to prom...I think things have just changed. She ot me a dress last week...she got me another one yesterday...hmm... I think she's trying to turn me into a girl...

 and the prognosis is...

 umm....Josh, WHY were they shoving a camera inside of you

 Yeah. It was a load of fun. I just wish I could go back for more. And if I could put that last sentence in very small letters so as to denote my sarcasm, I would certainly do it. If you want to know at least thirty more reasons why I should never have any opiates, you should have been at Vandy Out-patient today. The first thing I said when I woke up was, "I need s'more of that shit." Actually, I said that more because I woke up during the proceedure and all the meds wore off. Oops! I don't think there is a pain quite like the feel of a giant metal tube in your guts. So, of course, they had to give me more to counter-act my waking up...heheheheheh. So I've been sleeping all day and am probably going to go back and get s'more right now (sleep, that is). gnite for now, all

 he's getting an endoscopy, you know the heroin and mild hallucinigins and the shoving a camera down his throat.

 Josh, there's no school today. Why on earth are you up at this ungodly hour?

 Hah! The camera won't do it because the drugs will impare my gag reflex! I'll be dressing up in my Democratic Convention-wear tomorrow, Will, by the way. Lordy, Linds. Lordy! You should seriously be in medical dissertations for this. It's like...the worst case, ever. I hope you get better really soon. Done it once, you can do it again. Everyone, have a marveltactular day.

 that sucks linds, get well soon . . . or we may have to give you and airhorn you can blow every time you start to go to sleep and then put your little sister in charge of it. i think that's what you want. Josh there is no reason to gag you with a spoon they will do that with a camera tomorrow. Abby,that's cool about the child in China.

 I'm with Abby on the whole "I don't give a damn since the cubbies are out of it" thing. It'd be nice for the Marlins to win, but am I going to give up perfectly good TV time to watch it? Not on your life. It is Rhett, btw. And I'm back on homebound for all of you who actually care. Mono sucks. I'll try to be at school when I can.

 Cary!!! It doesn't matter how you spell his name, he's the man period this is the end of the sentence on that matter The World Series just started. I heard the guy singing. Sounds like it time to go to my room and do something else. Gag me with a spoon! Abby's aunt and uncle are adopting a little girl in China. Altho Abby would probably have much more to say on the subject.

 do you not like your aunt and uncle for some reason? Why do you want them so far away?

 Rhett

 Fuck it. Whatever.

 Rhett

 Rhet

 Does Rhet have 2 "t's" or just one?

 To tell you the truth, and I am now probably going to be killed, I could care less who wins the World Series. I mean, yeh, I wanted the Cubs to go, but now that that whole saga is over...In the words of the great Cary Grant/ Rhet Butler: "Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn." Short, sweet and sarcastic. The story of my life. Welcome back Will! My aunt and uncle should be about half-way to China now!!! YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY!!!

 The Cubs thing was seriously pissing-offing, but...considering the number of "aww, that was close"es the Cubs have got in the last, say, 20 years...sadly, almost no surprise. I think it's the fact that I'm so freakingly high-strung and blitzed on adrenaline all the time, Abby. And being a staid pessimist helps, too. We had to answer questions in relation to their happening in the last six months, or probably happening in the next six months. And I was able to check both boxes for most of them, so double the pointageness. Double my pleasure, double my fun! I don't feel stressed too much. I still interpretive dance to Break On Through by The Doors during Al the Gebra (which was a great book by the way), and do massive cartwheelage during lunch! And I breakdance and freestyle in the mornings, when necessary. So I feel I even out the other stuff, like never doing homework, never studying for les examens, and the like. And to everyone, even in horrid, horrid places like FRA (SO SO SO sorry, Abby Mac...getting the reinforcements in there soon), interpretive dancing is the solution to the dour, life-sucking gloom of the classroom. That rhymed, "gloom" and "...room". Rad. But yesss, I know everytime I "break on thru to the other side" or "come on baby, light my...fiiiiiiiiyuuurrr" I feel psyched up. A lot of the English stuff is subjective. You have to think like they do or you are killed. Ass-rat SAT BS. It should be shot in the face with a large gun and run over by a herd of cattle. I got hurt pretty bad a few minutes ago and took some pain killer. Ergo, randomness.

 I actually didn't stress too much about the PSATs. But that could be because I'm on so many drugs right now. I haven't felt much of anything since we got back from Kentucky. What subjective stuff does the PSAT have that the SAT doesn't? And welcome back to the boards, Will. Abby and I were just talking about your "being dead" again. I wish the Marlins would win, but I doubt they will. I really wanted the Cubbies in it, though. It broke my heart when they lost. I was on the phone with Michael when it happened (almost in tears, btw) and he was like "Hey, it's just baseball. Don't cry. No, I'm serious. Don't cry. I'm really bad with that. Please don't cry. Please?!?" So I waited till I got off the phone ;) Ok, so I didn't cry, but I came close. I was very disappointed to say the least. My mom actually did cry. My dad may have too, but he's in Chicago, so I can't tell for sure. But his voice broke when we were talking about it, a sure sign that he was indeed crying. But, now that they're out, I'd rather a semi-southern team beat a Yankee team- wow, who would've thought they would have been so creative with naming the team? And again, Abby, whoa. I can't believe it's Samantha. We were so right!!!

 why do you people get so stressed? my score was about 34 (meaning i am aproximately not alive) the SAT doesn't have the subjective junk on it though...

 Yup, they suck. And to think the SATs are longer, yuck >:| So who do you think all think is going to win the World Series?

 Wow. Um...I'm not really sure what to post. PSAT's suck. Josh, why the hell are you so stressed?

 Tell me about it. There must be a Star Bucks and Walgreens on every block, just in case one of them runs out of pharamacuticals or firby knock offs.

 I had a 730 on the stress thing, after the little reduxi we got to patch in (it was upwards of 900 before). I'm probably going to drop dead any second according to that. 2-story Kroger?!? I'm telling you man...B-wood=the VERY short end of the stick, when it comes to mass marketing. I guess they compensate by putting two of the same store three feet apart. And sure it's not the same, but hell...we would be simply groovy and rad. That should be a part of the new 7 Wonders of the World, then they could have pictures of it and I wouldn't need to keep thinking about it, I could just stare at the both of them and be amused. Woo, scratching head befuddledly, there's my spot of autism for the day. Linds, it's prolly purdy obvious, but for where wert ye today?

 Actually to explain all that. I had to take art last year and one of our projects was to draw an animal where we couldn't use brown or black. I did a fox so for the ears and the tail I had to mix my own "black" out of color pencils so...that's how I know how. Some of the coat was brown so I had to do the same for that. Yes Josh...my stress level in Psych was 530. Andrew Bryant's was like 10

 Again-- Linds, we know the baby's name!! You will freak. It's Samantha.

 Ok, forgot to tell you. What would make Atlanta any better, besides the 2-story Target? Um, how bout a 2-story Kroger? Hello, how amazing is that?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?

 Go for it.

 Chinese food is really good. Along that line, I don't think I've ever seen a Chinese restaurant that has MSG in their stuff. Perhaps they do and just say they don't; they probably do put MSG in, actually. In any event, it's all still really sodium-filled and 100% Dee-lish! Altho I just had pizza and I'm really full. Thinking about food at this point would make me sick. Thought processes on display...interesting?!? You can find out a lot about someone by how they think. Altho all Rosie's told me is that she need a life, and she needs one FAST. And I think she called someone a "fox"; quite antediluvian, only contributing to the "you need a life" deal. And she's overanalytical. I mean, it's black, who da hell keers whether it's more purple or not. But if that is true, I think I'll be setting my wardrobe on fire. Or just enjoy it, seeing as how ghey I am. I find it more fun to think about endlessness or nothingness. Since it's not remotely humanly perceivable, it gives me a really whacked out, "whoa...life is awesome/ghey" feeling. Sweet. I'm going to go think about nothing now...literally. It's going to be whacked out. I said I was going to experiment with fingerpaints and I wasn't kidding, and now I'm going to have fun thinking about human-planarly impossible stuff.

 College is starting to seem appealing :) Have you ever thought about someone's thinking process...because then you start thinking of your thinking process and then you think about thinking about thinking...

 Wow--Rosie's thought process, on display for your own viewing pleasure. Happy Birthday Liz--cause in my last post, I never actually said it. And its probably late now. Happy Belated Birthday Liz. Unless it's not late and everyone was just considering it a "Birthday Weekend," in which case, it could be today. So, Happy Birthday. But if its a "Birthday Weekend," then it coud've been yesterday, which would make it late. Happy Belated Birthday Liz. I suppose, also it could've been Friday, because that's when Scott's post was, which makes it really late. Happy Really Belated Birthday Liz. Man, I want some chinese food. Yup. So, college life is fun. I played cards with a bunch of people last night until about 1:00 AM, then got a movie from this really creepy guy, watched some of it and then decided it was really stupid and made no sense whatsoever. Then I went to bed about 2- 2:30, something like that and got up today at 1 in the Afternoon. And thats early on a Sunday to get up. Seriously, my sister and I were walking around and there was like NO ONE there. It was weird.

 art....that fox....wasn't allowed to use brown or black...mixed my own...

 black is more purple

 trust me...brown is everything.

 that's only in light linds.

 all right, since nobody's posted in a while, I'll do the honors. Except I have nothing to say. w00t.

 well aren't we a happy bunch... ok here we go, Rosie, Abby disliked your harsh method of showing your disapproval of Lindsey's private life. All I ask, and i think Abby will agree with this, is that you express you concerns, not attack the person. Also I believe that Abby just didn't want to have to deal with school here and at school, she wasn't attacking you, as your reaction would show, but just reacting against school. (by the way its The Souls of Black Folk: Forethought; Chs 1-5; Chs 8-10; Ch 14;Up from Slavery: pgs 1-50 (Chap 1-6) and Ch 14 , if you're going to give her assignments at least give her the right ones) Abby, I'm not really sure how to, or even if you need to, calm you down. Rosie has backed off on her anti-Michael campaign, and if her reaction (to basically nothing) seems overworked, it's probably not you, it's probably something else. so... if that covers it all, go back to you lives citizens PS Rosie, if you really feel the need to get mad at someone, why don't you get mad at someone you communicate better with.

 I don't remember being mad...but you know, I was on so many drugs at one time, that I just don't have the same memory anymore. I used to know a bunch of French cuss words. But I'm not in that class anymore, so I like to forget everything I learned in there because Mr. Climer needs to go away. Not that I learned cuss words in French class...oh, wait. I did, but thats besides the point. My sister taught my them and I don't like to have anything to do with French anymore cause I never have to take it again in my life. Maybe. There's always college. Yuck. I don't really want to go to college. Because after college, there's work. Lots of it. And then you die. Yeh, ok, sure there's retirement in between the work and dying but, not much because to be able to retire comfortably, you have to retire old, like mid-70's/80's. Which assumes I'll even be alive then. I'll probably die from like a heart attack or something during the Master Chef competition. Talk about rambling.

 It's all the same no matter what I do. I don't really ever do that so perhaps you understand the wonderful underlying emotion. Plus, Finnish cusswords are ghey. They're more geared towards representing bad things like "monkey's behind" rather than just coming out and saying, "apeass". Hahaahahah.

 Wow. What happened? I missed something completely apperently. Namely where Abby was offended, never saw that post. Rosie gave me the assignments I asked for (thank you by the way, saved me a lot of time) and then we started talking about Abby's thumb (hope it's feeling better, btw). So what happened? I'm going to fix this real quick. Abby, Rosie apologizes for whatever she did that upset you (You were mad? You've got to tell me these things when I talk to you!) (And Rosie, it wouldn't hurt you to actually apologize. I'll respond to the stuff on the other blog there, cause I've definitely got some things to say there.) Rosie, Abby accepts your apology. Josh, we're not supposed to call friends "ass" Use something more discreet like "butt" or "donkey" whichever you meant it to be. Or call her something in Finnish. She'll never know.

 Josh...don't even start.

 Its ok Rosie. I don't really care that much

 Lordy... Ass. Mellow out, it's not like there was a big old finger specifically pointed at you. Notice that other people made BHS posts, i.e.: me?!? So chill out.

 Ermm abby...I was just trying to help out a friend...too bad it offended ya. our next flex isn't until the middle of Nov...we only have 3 this semester I think

 I lied about the flexational. Or rather, was lied to. Sorry all...that was a serious downer in this direction, too. Doublesigh.

 Aie, Abby Mac! You've told about thisall, but still. It's not everyday one talks so lightly about steel-imbued paper lopping at one's unawares thumbs. I know, it's hard to, like, even play Tiddilywinks with any more-than-mediocre injury. And it's excellent to hear that you're ok! Just remember: no matter how much it doesn't hurt, that green colour doesn't mean beansprouts are popping up. Altho it would be weird/awesome simultaneously, if that were to happen. Man, crimeny. I think we have a flexational on Wednesday, Linds. Yes. Makkara, miksi?

 I'm ok, for Linds, whose freaking out now

 NO SCHOOL ON THE BLOG!!! (especially for those who don't go to BHS) I've decided that it's really hard to do a lot of stuff without your right thumb. Try it. Seriously, like every time I use it, its like pain, so I don't. If you want hard, try playing the vibes with a latin beat and no thumb. Yah... Oh, um, the thumb, yeh, yesturday I was in the mall volunteering at the Vandy Children's Hospital display thing and it was really ugly, so I decided to make it not ugly and was re-arranging stuff when I looked down at my thumb and there was a large gash from which blood was coming out. I was kinda like "oops." And went to my mommy, who for the first time in my life, didn't have a band-aid, so I had to go to the lady who was at the little cart rental place, like, 5 feet from the display. She was really nice. I've never seen a more well-stocked first aid kit. Come to think of it, I've never seen a stocked first aid kit. Kinda defeats the purpose, doesn't it?

 When's a half day? Julian's won?!? That sucks. But we did get honorable mention, so that's good. It's cause we were so bovinial.

 Aww frickin' w00t in advance in necessary, we have a half day? Sometimes the school system is rad. I dunno any 'o your other classes, Linds...sorry! We got an "honorable mention" for our Declaration in English. So +3 points on something, woohoo! Julian's won...ain't that about a bitch. The closing got "return to sender"ed a coupla days ago, and that's probly why ours got smote. Ol!

 Psych: The Dream Journal is due Nov. 6th English-For the Books: Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass : pgs 1-69 The Souls of Black Folk: Forethought; pgs 1-5; pgs 8-10; pg 14 Up from Slavery: pgs 1-50 (Chap 1-6) History: Test on Tuesday Anatomy: you missed a quiz and we have a spelling test tomorrow...yes a spelling test Disections start next week...it's the brain...sad to say I can't wait. That's it...what's the half day schedule looking like?

 Ms. calhoun e-mailed me and told me we had "parts" of Up From Slavery and The Souls of Black Folk to read. Does anyone know which "parts" these are (as in page #s or chapters?) Also, if someone wants to fill me in on any other homework we've had in the past 2 weeks, that would be great. I already know about the dream journal, but when is it due?

 Well, the hole hast devoured yours truly. My ear is, like, constantly blocked now. And it was doing better earlier...go figure. I was practically useless at choir sectional tonight, but...yeah. So, anyway, my dad has gone to new heights to show that he is a prick. Want info? Ask me later. And keep your eyes peeled on the LiveJournal. I agree about the holes. I have one black sock with TWO holes in it. I always say that I kicked a vampire in the mouth. ;) Yeah, so if you see me tomorrow, unless I tell you differently...try to talk into my right ear. Laters! ~Z Who is MC? This post is nearly identical to the one on Antiphilanthropy, because posting here didn't work at first...oh, well. Laters.

 Yeehaw MC. That stupid prude. I'll give her one thing: she's the perfect example of a person that needs to be shot and run over by a herd of mutated spider beasts with knife-feet and dripping iodine glands. Past that, she should just be shot and run over by a herd of mutated spider beasts with knife-feet and dripping iodine glands. And degraded, pointed, and laughed at. If nothing else, at least the last part. Doesn't everyone know by now? She's Abby. MC isn't proving anything by taking the part, she's just 1. wrong, and 2. shotgun fodder. Kyll! Hn on tyhm ja tyls! Ruma laiska likainen kassi!! (which says, "Yes! She is stupid and boring! Ugly lazy dirty bag!!")

 Of course I'll spend time with you Linds. You're not that annoying. Ok, so this has been a really long week. Wahoo go MC.

 i think we should even if 2 people can't come remember that's more than last time

 Are we meeting on Friday? Oh yes...Zabeth said that she feels like she's fallen into a hole because she can only hear really well when she's saying something...so yea we were kinda right. Anyway have fun.

 When is it? I'll try to come if I can. Also, my parents are having a dinner group thing here on Saturday, and I need a place to crash for a few hours. If one of you wants to volunteer your house or your time to come hangout with me somewhere, that would be greatly appreciated. And is DI meeting on Friday even though nobody can really come?

 You know, I've not had the best experience with holes. They are always there, never going away. Expecially in socks. I'll get a pair of socks and, like, the next day, there'll be a hole. Ok, so I've actually never had a hole in the sock. I just thought a story like that would be appropriate for such a subject. Ok, so I'm going to turn strange on you guys again and become really perky. Hey y'all. (Yes, Linds. Y'all). Wanna come on out to my schools production of "Rumors?" It's really neato mosquito man. And the makeup is spectacular! It would make me so darn happy if we could sit in the back cursing MC for taking my part! Yeh, after reading that, it's not very perky. Oh well. I tried. Sorta. Kinda. Ok, not so much. Yeh, not really at all.

 She said a long time ago that she really didn't have time for the blog and not to worry if she wasn't on here for long periods of time. Other than that, I saw her today, so I hope a hole didn't get her. Darn those holes.

 Seems like lots of people are falling into holes these days

 so i think zabeth has fallen into a hole. you ok?

 So, I totally don't feel like doing my homework right now, so I'm not going to do it. Yup...too bad there's nothing to respond to.

 Heh, just a tad bit. But a happy one nonetheless!

 Just a little bit late there.

 And late Happy November Fools' Day to everyone!! Yeah!!!!!11

 I second that notion, and would also like to add: kiitos to the list of random closing phrases. Kiitos!!

 http://www.foxhome.com/anastasia/main.html Abby, see I told you Anastasia wasn't a Disney movie. So you still only have 8 :p

 Thanks guys, I was having a major perky attack. What are you auditioning for Rosie?

 Are you seriously going to be playing football Rosie? I'd pay money to see that :p Good luck with your parents and your grades :\

 Naw 'e's not. He's in my class. I can tell you for a fact he's doing a mediocre to less-than-satisfactory job.

 Good Pulse? huh? Auditions...for what? I have three or two coming up... Josh...don't kill Calhoun...Lumley is already torturing her...let that wear her down. My sunday school class is going to form a powderpuff football teacm for retreat. Gotta find a way to tell my parents not to freak when they see my progress report.

 Man, with all that excitement we're going to have to break out the chains, restrains, and thorazine!! No sarcasm at all, by god! And speaking of god...Abby is fricking pwning that right hand and shall be pwning the left in due time. It's only the most complicated thing I've ever heard in the span of sixteen years....that's why I'm a rap-rock guitarist. Speaking of thorazine....everyone, find me some before I murder my English teacher in ice cold blood. She makes me want to set myself on fire...well, no. She more make me want to set her on fire. And for those of you that don't know, I'm under suspicion of plagarism because my writing in one paper is "not like the others," and my speech was "antiquated". What the hell?!? Somebody must not be reading my schtick very well. And anyway, since her stupid "find me a cheater" machine didn't turn anything up, *the bird*. I really don't even see where she has the right to say that...as if I care. I'm just there for the grade. Bottom line is: I wrote it, so fuck this . Yeh I'm pissed. This is the second time this has happened to me, and last time I was the one leaving with a black eye...three of them, numerically. But I passed that class and by the good lordy if I don't pass this one and laugh my ass off when I do. RRAUGH. Done.

 Stop, Abby. You're going to hurt yourself. Well, I suppose I'll just have to come to church and make you calm down myself. Darn.

 Sun flower seeds can be good and they can be bad. It depends on my mood. Yeh, so, thanks for the motivational speeches there. It's not like I'm not going to try out. I will, I just needed to rant. Speaking of auditions, I'm working on those piano pieces (I think only Josh and Linds know about this, so everybody else, be really confused. Right now). And I think I finally have the beat down on the right hand. Now I just have to tackle the left. Wahoo, what fun. Handbells tonight. Even more fun. Please, make me stop jumping up and down in pure excitement about seeing ALL my favorite people tonight. Please. Seriously. Make me stop.

 Benipulsification Nice

 What's really sad is that I understood what he just said. I wrote 6 pages, too, though, in the end, and I knew about it, so I guess that makes me defiant and not just uninformed. I'm not so fond of sunflower seeds.

 Damn that woman. I'm sorry, but damn her. You just can't write Poe without being verbose. Hell, his words are so damned long. I could stint on ennebreation and emulsify one utterance in complex verbalization that would elongate the sentence to no end, using but a trifling of the massed, nigh-tangible intricacies of the craft. That sentence was only big cuz the words were about three miles long apiece. Damn her. Wish I had known before I went and wrote about six pages beforehand. Oh well, it'll give you all something to look at and go, "We knew it all along" when they institutionalize me. Damn it, I like sunflower seeds, they are excellent. ( These morsels of flower that long only for light and natural benediction taste as ambrosia, tantilizing and enthralling my sense of taste with their Promethian benipulsification . Damn Poe. I just made up a word, if anyone noticed.)

 we had to remake a poe story, and she wanted it to be less than 3 pages and by her method the shortest poe story was nearly 10 pages long... she is just a little stupid, but to nice to tell her

 Poe's cool :p What did you have to do on him?

 Yeah, what he said. Only not as sadistic and gory. How bout just a plain old "Please try out for the part, if not for me, so that you can shove it in MC's face?" Yeah, that's nice. I'm going to bed. Poe wears me out. (English assignment for you non-BHSers out there) I'm 5 pages, which is 3 too many, but she can get over it.

 Really. Is it worth longing after the part if ya won't even go for it? And imagine the look on MC's face if you make it...I would pay...ok, not too much at all, perhaps five cents if it happened to be on hand, because she is worthless filth?!?...but there would be money and a Polaroid all over that one. And a shotgun. "I can't believe it! Mr. Compton, there must be some mistake!" (pale and aghast, eyes filled with over-pouring tears and malaise) "No mistake you whiny whore, Abby's it for this part...I don't even know why I kept picking you all this time, I think you must have put drugs in my drinks or something, you sound like a cow in heat being eaten alive by a pack of rabid chihuahuas, and your acting reminds me of the last time I went to the monkey cages at the zoo. Abby's hitman boyfriend, come take out this trash." (looking up from butchering Jerry, a clicking of shotgun shells) "Hurray. Fun." (with absolutely no expression or tone) (laughter resounding thereafter) And if not that, we could always take to being verbose about everyone's being stupid, especially ________ (insert high school career-dramatist/gay liar drama department guy here). So I would say yes, Abigail McLemore, it's worth a shot. Ha ha ha. Shot. Someone's in a sadistic mood tonite.

 Nah, you still got to try. If your teacher thought you were good enough to try out for the voice-over, which is professional, I'm sure you're good enough for the high-school play. So, yeah, you should still try. You'll never get the part if you don't.

 Not for me, thanks though. MC is the girl who is able to conform to any theatrical part ever invented. Let's see, she played a little serial killer women, a young jewish girl, an insane cook, and some other things that are too hard to describe. The amazing thing is, that all of her characters seem exactly the same. AND we're doing Guys and Dolls for the musical, and guess what? In my hallway eves dropping it has been determined that MC will play Sarah and Anne-Marie will play Adalaine. Yeh, so basically, the two leads. Whats the point in even attempting? Wahoo, makeup here I come.

 Does anyone want english terms?

 This sucks. Majorly. Meggie may have left a long time ago, but Megan still has a lot of growing up to do.

 Skipping back a post, yuppin, I remember Indiana kid, Mitch. Meggie, in this instance, is said while thinking about walking through a puddle of hydrochloric acid and glowing mutant snails from outer space. Hmm. It's times like this I remember why the south still has guns en masse.

 Err I didn't mean to insinuate anything about your boyfriend Linds. Really, I didn't. Sorry to hear about Megan. She married that guy right, the one who beat her up and held her at his house? Suckitude :(

 She's not Meggie anymore. She's Megan. Meggie left a long time ago.

 O shit, married (shocked disbelief, not checking your spelling)?!? How did you all come across this fact? And I'm assuming nothing's changed in which person it is. There is only one word for this. Well, three. " what the hell ". Not as a question, either. I'm just saying what the bloody hell. More than pissed Linds, fothermucking about to KEE-UL somebady. That is some shit if I've ever heard it. Hell. I forgot what I came here to do. Check email, that's it. And the BLog always happens to follow. So...I've got guns. Who's up for a nice trip to Meggie's? *click*

 People with loose morals, like say... my boyfriend?? Yeah, probably not yet, but you can never tell. Anyway, yeah, let's get off that subject. Like, fast. But with the whole grinding thing, you realize that was the week before I met Michael? I met Michael instead of the other guy from Indiana who brought up that discussion. Anyway, the real reason I came on here to post was because guess who got married tonight? Yup, Megan. Guess who wasn't invited. My family!!! w00t. Yeah, so slightly...pissed, shall we say? Yeah, not too happy over here.

 How did we get on masturbation again? I would presume people would do it alone, but some people with loose morals would prolly have some type of reason to not do it alone, instead of doing something else with someone. That's just my guess.

 Man, it was really weird when I read Linds's post first and say the word "masturbate". And then I scrolled down. KABLAAAM, went life. And then some little guy came along and pissed on the shattered remenants of that once glistening pyre to the flame of existence. And then there was a gas leak and the shattered remenants were instantaneously ignited. I haven't read "Such Were The Joys...", so that's not what I meant, but I could see where such a thing could be gathered, in that semi-non sequiter comment 'o mine. That really would be weird, considering what a dumb and random thing that would be. Don't get me wrong, I'm on the top of that dumb and random heap. But there's just some grounds that just don't have a reason to, or need to be crossed, and that there is one of them. It's true that you might have another person there, but they might not be consenting. And if you keep, you're just fucked up, or you're a rapist. Both. Yes, both. Aah. The damage has been rendered. Any more contamination and the system will not survive. Sure, the IDs are screaming, " f KILL u EAT c MATE k REPEAT " but the sheltered kid superego is like, " Mother wouldn't like that, now would she? " And I can say that, too. I didn't know what "grinding" was until last year, you know. See this BLog for details!!!111oneone I need to go dunk my head in a vat of cyanide.

 Don't most people masturbate alone? I mean, there really wouldn't be a point otherwise. You've got another person right there... Wow. Why am I talking about this? Time to get Michael on the blog, apparently. He can't contaminate us anymore after that.

 The only reason that a married-in prince can't become is because he would be over the Queen in authority. When a princess marries in and becomes a Queen, she is still below the King in authority. So it makes since. Not like the Royals have any power anyways :p

 So, speaking of black circles around your eyes...this won't make much sense unless you've read George Orwell's "Such, Such Were the Joys..." but I'll give it a go. Yeh, so according to Orwell, black circles around your eyes means you masturbate. Alone. I hope that wasn't what you meant, Josh. It would be weird. I have to go to an Amy Grant/Vince Gill concert next Friday. And, btw, Stephanie called last night and wanted to talk to me. It wasn't too bad, actually. She talked mostly about Alex and his organs.

 You're so soft, Josh. Abby can take it. She's tough. Completely changing the subject from Disney characters and Finland, though, I went to a Lyle Lovett concert for those of you who know who he is. Pretty good, but he didn't do enough of his old stuff. And Francine wasn't there. She's getting old. Oh, well. Good concert anyway. See yall later. I'm going to bed.

 Hooah, as of right now, the last person to post on all my BLogs! How accomplished am I. I see cookies in the near future. It's going to be 0 in Helsinki, Suomi (Finland) tonite. Those Fins! What a place. I haven't been over my Finnish in a while. I think a lot of it has to do with those pure black circles under mine eyes. And I'm sorry if the last post was too caustic, Abby. I really wasn't arguing to make a good or valid point, or to make a point. As always, there is lots of talk and not much thinking, as BLogs will do. But I'm sorry if I sounded bitterish. At least that's what I thought. Then again, I am an EMO kid. And thus: how I get into trouble for running my mouth.

 Ouch, that was a deep wound. Well I won't argue the royalty bit, since I don't know much about it past the deal with Elizabeth II and her dude (obviously). Yes, Maid Marion is mostly human; I was arguing in her defense on that one, and yours for that matter. And, wasn't Maid Marion was already a princess before she married Sir Hood? Probly just a slip-up. And as to Belle and the technicality of being a princess, I did say: "I guess you could say she's one since Beast is a prince-thing if I recall, and that would make her a princess, marrying as such." So, not a generalized justification, but it is a small justificiation nonetheless. And again, here we are arguing about Disney characters. Hm.

 Well, if you want to get really technical. Here come the random facts. In Britain, a "commoner woman" can marry a prince and become a princess. (Ex: Princess Diana. A school teacher marries the prince, becomes princess.) Then, when the King andQueen dies, and the prince becomes King, the princess (his wife) becomes Queen. BUT, if a "common man" marries the princess, he will become prince. Here's the fun part for all the girls. When the princess becomes Queen, the prince (her husband) can't become King. Its against British law. How cool is that? Maid Marion wears a dress and stands upright and plays badmitton, isn't that mostly human? If Belle isn't technically a princess, then neither is Cinderella. Or Maid Marion. We're talking after marriage. Wow Josh. I'm sorry, I just really shot you down in that post.

 *bow* Altho Maid Marion doesn't really stick to the whole "human" deal since she's a fox in the movie. So..."nine bipedal/almost human princesses". Hell, it doesn't matter. That's nine, and right now, I'm going to shut up. ... .

 Yes, 8. Ariel 9. Jasmine Yay, Josh!!!

 Well technically animals can't marry. Also, even if a princess does marry a king, she's still a princess, at least by Britain's monarchial standards. And there's plenty of perfectly human ones so Nala isn't even necessary. Black Cauldron girl was...dammit. No, not "dammit". The guy's name was Taran. Um...the girl's was Eilonwy. I have all of the Prydain Chronicles to back me up on that one, s'don'go thur. It's sad about that movie...I read that it was a disasterpiece in the box office even tho there was some animation innovation with that movie that made it ultra-mega-spiff-lookin'. And let's not forget....Ariel! That's nine. Jasmine, how about?!? Since Belle really isn't a princess, she gets lumped in with then tho. I guess you could say she's one since Beast is a prince-thing if I recall, and that would make her a princess, marrying as such. So that's like a billion. Woohoo! And no hate crimes against the queer that mopped up the rest of the Disney princesses, now.

 Rosie speaks :o Yah, I really think there is one from the Black Cauldron :p And technically, Nala isn't a princess. Because Simba is the Lion KING after his father dies.

 She was the Indian Princess from Peter Pan. We tried recreating the list last night and it didn't work too well, but I'll try. 1. Cinderella 2. Snow White 3. Aurora (Sleeping Beauty) 4. Belle (Beauty in the Beast) 5. Pocohontas 6. Maiden Marion (Robin Hood) 7. Tiger Lily (Peter Pan) Umm... Abby, help me out here. Rosie, we're coming up with 9 Disney Princesses in the classic (when we were kids) animated Disney movies. And according to Abby, they have to be human, because I tried to get away with Nala.

 ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????

 What is she from? I still think there is a Princess in The Black Cauldron or what ever that Disney movie was. It's the only PG animated Disney movie that I know of, I Think. You should type out the whole list abby, just in case someone comes in wanting to know the same thing as you guys :p

 The last one is Tiger Lily. We thought of it tonight.

 To break the silence (and because it's so funny) here's a really great joke that Scott will probably hate me for. >A new priest at his first mass was so nervous he could hardly speak. >After mass he asked the monsignor how he had done. >The monsignor replied, "When I am worried about getting nervous on the pulpit, I put a glass of vodka next to the water glass. >If I start to get nervous, I take a sip." >So next Sunday he took the monsignor's advice. At the beginning of the sermon, he got nervous and took a drink. He proceeded to talk up a storm. >Upon his return to his office after mass, he found the following note on the door: >1. Sip the Vodka, don't gulp. >2. There are 10 commandments, not 12. >3. There are 12 disciples, not 10. >4. Jesus was consecrated, not constipated. >5. Jacob wagered his donkey, he did not bet his ass. >6. We do not refer to Jesus Christ as the late J. C. >7. The Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are not referred to as Daddy, Junior and the Spook. >8. David slew Goliath, he did not kick the shit out of him. >9. When David was hit by a rock and was knocked off his donkey,don't say he was stoned off his ass. >10. We do not refer to the cross as the "Big T." >11. When Jesus broke the bread at the Last Supper he said, "Take this and eat it for it is my body." He did not say "Eat me" >12. The Virgin Mary is not called "Mary with the Cherry," >13. The recommended grace before a meal is not: Rub-A-Dub-Dub thanks for the grub, yeah God. >14. Next Sunday there will be a taffy pulling contest at St. Peter's, not a peter pulling contest at St. Taffy's.

 Thanks, Josh. I've got a whole new perspective on life!!! 10px; font-weight : bold; font-family : Verdana; color: #000000;">This certifies that I, Lindsey,

 Oh come ON! Everyone knows the ancient Indian translation of the word "vacation" means "stay up really f-ing late drinking caffeine, PS2ing, and watching corny 80s movies from your dad's yesteryear stash". Honestly.

 o.O

 WHAT THE CRAP ARE YOU DOING UP AT 1.03AM. I JUST GOT UP!!! BESIDES THE FACT THAT I WENT TO BED AROUND THEN BUT STILL!

 Ha. Ha. Ha. Hmm.

 OMG. Ok So there's this parrot that swears and abuses people so its owner gets mad and stuffs the parrot in the freezer. An hour later the owner opens the door to make sure the bird is ok and it says. I promise to be a good bird and not be vulgar anymore but can you tell me one thing? What did the turkey do? Ok so one of my friends sent me that I loved it. Sucks for the parrot. Happy Day all. Byebye

 Happy Turkey Day to all. Enjoy your bird!

 Suckitude about your cousin Linds :( On the subject of random animal sites: www.themeatrix.com No matter what happens, you have to watch it all the way through.

 It's ok. I didn't know him very well, but my grandparents are quite upset, naturally. But on to the good news. Oh, I can't say it!!! Just go here!!! http://www.penguinwarehouse.com

 Well fuck me! I'm so sorry, Linds. When did this happen? Good god. I'm not really sure what to say, but then, I don't know if there is anything to say right now. I'm so very sorry.

 My mom's cousin's son, who I played with when I was little (he was almost 18) was shot in the back. We're not exactly sure why.

 WHAT?!? Your second cousin was just murdered? Who? What happened? Wow, I'm extremely sorry for you and your family.

 Yup, indeed. Guess what? My second cousin was just murdered. Isn't that fun?

 Hey hey! Today is Tuesday (i.e. Friday)! Isn't that majorly cool? I get to sleep in tomorrow! Maybe. Call me Linds, we need to send the pics.

 Thanks, Abby. For some reason, that is exactly what I needed to hear now. But, on to lighter subjects. We're home!!! Meaning the blog is back in action and this is the official announcement as to my addiction to the internet. I've been home approximately ten minutes. Translated: long enough to put my suitcases in my room. But I'm hungry, probably shouldn't be, we ate SO MUCH!!! (Including Josh!!!) so I'll go have a nice rabbit food now. Lettuce, not the pellets. Ok, yeah, I need sleep, and someone give me the answers to those stupid Beloved symbolism quotes. *Sigh* Still so much to do, and tomorrow is MONDAY. Stupid mondays. Stupid Ms. Calhoun. Stupid Beloved. So much for the euphoric Biltmore feeling.

 Glad the blog's busy...

 This is going to be really hard. This is a practice run by the way.

 Go for it.

 Heh. Well. I dunno! Did the "NOW" part get you? I read it the next day and I was like, "Wow, I need to get more of whatever caused that." My brain might be just a little discolored, but that wasn't ever damaging. What's that? Brains don't change colors? Get out!!! I'm not sure any hospital would take me...I do know a few good sanitariums, though! Altho I did like, bust all the tendons in my arms after that last one so, good call on the hospital, nonetheless! Alright...let's do an experiment. Starting next Monday, on all BLogs, I'm going to type very very very terse responses. Let's see if I can do it. Mark those dayplanners, December the 8th. Doublesigh.

 Josh...are you ok? I think we need to check you into a hospital after your last post...

 Yeah, and I dun see whurr the hell that came from. O wait, I do. But I mean random "let's spill the contents of my head" posts like the one I last made, not mega EMO posts. But yeh, let's not to back to the death of all things good and sacred if we can help it. And anyway, the operative word is "deleted", meaning "no longer able to be retrieved". Booyah. And Chingy rox to the fourth my sox to the fifth, just to say that, not for any real reason. And Linds...kudos, perro. I'm waiting for you to call back right now, and it's been about fifteen minutes and I wanna know right now, not tomorrow so I'm absotoutleloutely nucking futs waiting for the blasted phone to ring. Bleargh. I don't know how you would pronounce that, I just said it because I'm making filler sentences. I figure at some point here, karma is going to interfere with this post, and I'll type some key word and the phone will ring....yeah, the phone was supposed to ring when I typed that, but it didn't. RAUGH, I HATE waiting for stuff, almost as much as losing and people being assholes other than myself. Tick tick tick tick. Bleargh, again. NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW. I want to know, NOW! Je veux savoir, maintenent! Desidero ora sapere! Deseo ahora saber! YAY!!! And then it rang, three languages later. And I heard some craaaazzy stuff. It was illin'. Linds (and Abby will know as well, if she uses some mondo Schnooksums reading skills), I couldn't with my own! I mean, you just don't give the nuclear power plant operator's job to Janitor Jos. I am now going to conquer some Gardetto's and pretend like I'm king of the world for a minute, because that's about what it's going to take to make me believe any of this. I'm still a firm believer that it all begins with one's self. Sure, you may have set down the fire, but I had to keep it burning. The more I say the more I dig the hole. Keep in mind this post was a great euphemism; it isn't meant to be understood. A Happy December Fools' Day to all. Now let's go and sleep it off.

 I miss Tinhaven. Ok I'm done. So guys sanity is draining out of me! I have a week until recital...three recitals. 2 weeks until exams. 1 week for me to finish a paper and an stupid english paper. Somehow I'm supposed organize the animal shelter and it isn't wking since I'm never home when eveyrone else is...minus sleep time. Among all this i have to lay away 3 hours to listen to another concert which linds what are you doing on the 8th?

 Rosie!!! You know we don't mention Tinhaven or Leigh Anne on this site. I'm assuming this is what you're referring to, since of course you didn't tell me.

 Of course you say that much...need i direct you to the past deleted blog and such?

 Dudes... We are so cool now. I seriously hope we don't make our heads explode with our mondo coolnEGOess. But that wouldn't be so great since that would require dying, and I don't think I'd like it so much. It would be violating the "no suicide rule" with Abby, probably. And anyway, I'm supposed to save my death for the end of a heroin syringe at 25 (craaaazy ever-changing number that it is!) y.o. Wow, I must be tired or something. I never talk this much. And don't quote me on that, you lot.

 no more blair!!!!!!!!!!!!

 i hate recitals...i hate recitals...i hate recitals

 And I hope you had fun, Linds. It was awesome! I'll let Abby handle the details, of course.

 I'm here. But not for long! Who knew I would ever WANT to go to a swim meet? Anyway, have fun tonight you two!!

 Yeh, seriously. Where have all the people gone?

 Ain't that the way all things should be...hm.

 Eh, it wasn't so bad.

 OH MY GOD!! I'M GOING INSANE! From again, a little too much sugar and the fact I have an exam that I didn't really study for I'm going crazy!!

 Whoa, me too! Minus the tympanis, but one can wish. Pillowboxing and cheesecake! Wow!

 Guess what?!!! I just came from band class and we got a new piece. I get to play the timpani!!! How majorly cool is that?! It has to be like, my all-time favorite percussion instrument! So, now I'm in a really good, hyper mood...kinda intensified by the fact that I've had these chocolate and toffee candy things and hot chocolate and I'm going shopping with Linds later. Yeh, I bet you can't wait to see me at 3:05, can ya Linds? Wahoo!

 It's all true, but man...there'll be blatantly sexuality everywhere even if the AF monster is totally destroyed. I'll bet a good majority of the male population (for instance) hasn't seen the catalogue, and we're still damn heathens.

 Good for your mom!

 Me neither, but Whit does. She's mad cause mom won't let her buy it anymore.

 I don't wear A&F anyways.

 Oh, he did it!!! w00t. Ok, here's an article on something that I've hated for years: the advertisement of Abercrombie clothes. Finally somebody besides me is seeing this. Anyway, read and enjoy, and if you don't, don't complain. In all honesty, when I looked at the catalogue, I was apalled. This is being merketed toward my little sister. Abercrombie & Fitch to your kids: Group sex now! -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Posted: November 14, 2003 1:00 a.m. Eastern 2003 WorldNetDaily.com Forty-five specific portrayals of sexual imagery in the first 120 pages, advice to the readers ... this is how the new Abercrombie & Fitch Quarterly titled "The Christmas Field Guide" begins its new quarterly magazine that is targeted to your 10- to 13-year-olds. The 45 images include overt portrayals of group sex, lots of teen and young adult nudity, men kissing, and teens /young adults frolicking in a river engaging in sexual activity in multiple group settings. Did I mention that the actual clothing doesn't begin being advertised until page 120? Abercrombie & Fitch are not new to this game and they are taking a huge bet this Christmas season. The wager is ... you won't care enough to do anything about it. For the last four years a handful of concerned parents and citizens have been waging a miniature war on the popular teen clothier. Each year, the clothier has made hollow gestures at trying to "reform its act." But these attempts are not only insincere, they are laughable. Laughable but they are not funny. Each year, thousands of children across America beg their parents to get them the latest t-shirt, jeans, jacket or underwear from "A&F." (Yes they even market a line of thongs for 8- to 10-year-old girls made to stick up out of the "low cut" jeans they also sell.) Many of these parents, completely unaware of how "A&F" goes about marketing, plunk down thousands of dollars around the holidays ... and Abercrombie & Fitch continues to profit. This year will be different. Thousands of consumers are being put on alert as to the marketing methods of the clothier, web-log writers are going to be commenting on it, church and para-church groups are organizing protests, and this year we will even advise investors via direct links to popular business Internet sites like CBS Marketwatch as to the marketing methods the company is willing to use. After all, they do say, "We don't just sell clothes, we promote a lifestyle!" And what kind of "lifestyle"? Well, in this year's issue in the "sexpertise" column on page 279, a lady presumably qualified to be referred to as a "sexpert" states that kids going to college this year, "shouldn't be looking for someone to marry." Nope, when it comes to sex, kids should be "focused on getting experience." The "sexpert" is also asked about and gives advice concerning the issue of doing "sex for three." She also advises readers to be willing to "go down" on a date at the movies, "just so long as you do not disturb those around you." And, of course, what kind of column would a "sexpertise" column be if it did not address the issue of self-stimulation. There is also a comparison column for the hormonally driven young men in the "A&F" readership comparing the "fruits" of biting into "fresh apple right off the tree" vs. the "store-bought variety that sit on the shelf wrinkled and bruised from the handling." This column is not comparing fruit at all but the benefits of teenage men sleeping with perky school girls vs. "sexy" older women, even married ones. So the plan of action? This year's is multi-fold: Read this column and forward it to everyone you know. Dial the National Coalition for the Protection of Children and Families (toll free) 888-877-7723. Add your voice to the growing list of parents, teens and citizens who wish to see sexually transmitted disease rates reduced, and less teen pregnancy by signing the letter of protest at Stop A&F. And by all means spend no money with Abercrombie & Fitch this year. (American Eagle, H&M and a variety of other clothiers provide clothing that is equally fashionable to the style of Abercrombie & Fitch but without the unnecessary nudity and sexualization of Americans aged 10 to 18.) In a day in which more parents than ever are concerned about the likelihood of their daughter getting pregnant, their child being sexually active long before they are mature enough to handle the consequences or the rampant spread of sexually transmitted diseases in the "younger than 20" demographic today it's time to stop Abercrombie & Fitch. Abercrombie & Fitch is wagering you won't care about what they do, so they've rolled the dice. For me, my money is on the decency of you and the hope you have for the future of your kids. So ... I'll take that bet!

 I don't believe there is.

 I agree. I think. If I'm supposed to agree to anything.

 I hear that, aboot the sugar. I feel wonderful after dessert. Well, not really. See, if I'm in a bad mood and I drink caffeine, then it's that much worse, or better with opposite circumstances. And being not in the best mood after the wonderful English bomb...yeah. I am the King Poster...none come before me! Dude. This is going to be really f-ing hard. Blah. I'm glad you're feeling better! It's time to finish the stupid paper and get ready not to type anymore. Piss on school, dudes and dudettes, the end is near.

 So, I was going to make a really long post so that it would be hard for Josh not to post a long post, but then I decided, no, I'm tired. But before I get done, I just wanted to say that my psych paper is done!!! w00t. I'm very proud. Also, did anyone else get their Youth Leadership Brentwood forms back? I got in, w00t!! I know that Lumley and Jacob did too. Ok, so I haven't officially read the letter. None of the rest of it interested me. I just read the "Congratulations, welcome to Youth Leadership Brentwood" and let my mom take care of the rest. This should be fun. I hope our English project is ok. *Sigh* Poor English project. Poor computer... And I'm feeling much better for Josh and Abby, who I'm sure are wondering. I think I just needed sugar. Stupid hypoglycemia. Oh well. I got my psych paper done early, and now I'm going to bed, w00t.

 When I first read that, I thought it said "I'm going to own a college." I was sitting here going... "hmm, now that could be interesting."

 Hah, in that case, I'm going to own at college. Judging as that my vocabulary has expanded far and beyond the standard impositions place upon more plebian (for nonessence of a more fitting vocabularial choice) minds, I should procure no trouble in engaging my pedagogical endeavours with due vehemence and lack of the irksomeness commonly associated with delving one's mind for a word more befitting of such a "holier than thou" sentence as the very one you are perusing. And I already know how to get beer, call collect, and get crepe-paper stains out of PJs. College is going to blow. Thank god for the beer to make the monotony die a black death. Sigh...Purity Iced Tea gives such drawn-out, worthless thoughts to life and consideration.

 So, this is us in a few years: College by Dave Berry College is basically a bunch of rooms where you sit for roughly two thousand hours and try to memorize things. The two thousand hours are spread out over four years; you spend the rest of the time sleeping and trying to get dates. Basically, you learn two kinds of things in college: 1. Things you will need to know in later life (two hours). These include how to make collect telephone calls and get beer and crepe-paper stains out of you pajamas. 2. Things you will not need to know in later life (1,998 hours). These are the things you learn in classes whose names end in -ology, -osophy, -istry, -ics, and so on. The idea is, you memorize these things, then write them down in little exam books, then forget them. If you fail to forget them, you become a professor and have to stay in college for the rest of your life. It's very difficult to forget everything. For example, when I was in college, I had to memorize, don't ask me why, the names of three metaphysical poets other than John Donne. I have managed to forget one of them, but I still remember that the other two were named Vaughan and Crashaw. Sometimes, when I'm trying to remember something important like whether my wife told me to get tuna packed in oil or tuna packed in water, Vaughan and Crashaw just pop up in my mind, right there in the supermarket. It's a terrible waste of brain cells. After you've been in college for a year or so, you're supposed to choose a major, which is the subject you intend to memorize and forget the most things about. Here is a very important piece of advice: be sure to choose a major that does not involve Known Facts and Right Answers. This means you must not major in mathematics, physics, biology, or chemistry, because these subjects involve actual facts. If, for example, you major in mathematics, you're going to wander into class one day and the professor will say: "Define the cosine integer of the quadrant of a rhomboid binary axis, and extrapolate your result to five significant vertices." If you don't come up with exactly the answer the professor has in mind, you fail. The same is true of chemistry: if you write in your exam book that carbon and hydrogen combine to form oak, your professor will flunk you. He wants you to come up with the same answer he and all the other chemists have agreed on. Scientists are extremely snotty about this. So you should major in subjects like English, philosophy, psychology, and sociology-subjects in which nobody really understands what anybody else is talking about, and which involve virtually no actual facts. I attended classes in all these subjects, so I'll give you a quick overview of each: ENGLISH: This involves writing papers about long books you have read little snippets of just before class. Here is a tip on how to get good grades on your English papers: Never say anything about a book that anybody with any common sense would say. For example, suppose you are studying Moby-Dick. Anybody with any common sense would say that Moby-Dick is a big white whale, since the characters in the book refer to it as a big white whale roughly eleven thousand times. So in your paper, you say Moby-Dick is actually the Republic of Ireland. Your professor, who is sick to death of reading papers and never liked Moby-Dick anyway, will think you are enormously creative. If you can regularly come up with lunatic interpretations of simple stories, you should major in English. PHILOSOPHY: Basically, this involves sitting in a room and deciding there is no such thing as reality and then going to lunch. You should major in philosophy if you plan to take a lot of drugs. PSYCHOLOGY: This involves talking about rats and dreams. Psychologists are obsessed with rats and dreams. I once spent an entire semester training a rat to punch little buttons in a certain sequence, then training my roommate to do the same thing. The rat learned much faster. My roommate is now a doctor. If you like rats or dreams, and above all if you dream about rats, you should major in psychology. SOCIOLOGY: For sheer lack of intelligibility, sociology is far and away the number one subject. I sat through hundreds of hours of sociology courses, and read gobs of sociology writing, and I never once heard or read a coherent statement. This is because sociologists want to be considered scientists, so they spend most of their time translating simple, obvious observations into scientific-sounding code. If you plan to major in sociology, you'll have to learn to do the same thing. For example, suppose you have observed that children cry when they fall down. You should write: "Methodological observation of the sociometrical behavior tendencies of prematurated isolates indicates that a casual relationship exists between groundward tropism and lachrymatory, or 'crying,' behavior forms." If you can keep this up for fifty or sixty pages, you will get a large government grant. EDUCATION: Like sociologists, educators want desperately to believe that they are scientists and that there is something involved in teaching which is esoteric, above and beyond, one person telling a group of people things to memorize. I once sat through a class in educational techniques where the topic of the semesters was The Need For Openness In The Modern Classroom. We memorized the need for students to be free to express themselves in class both verbally and physically without restraint, as we sat in neat rows repeating exactly what the professor, and other educators had agreed we should memorize. Another example: if you want to say at a particular student is lazy and need to have his butt kicked, you must translate as follows: "The paradigm established by the environmental constraints imposed on the student by an autocratic, patriarchal, and thereby outmoded system of values, has created an apathetic mode of response on the part of the student which requires stimuli be applied via a systematic outcome based approach with a goal of enriching the student to alternative multiculturally based, non-violent methods of self actualization"

 Snow = Cold. Cold = Bad.

 Dunno about Becca, but I was in history with Will. Yay! It would suck for that to be happening right at Christmas, man, and that's why it didn't. And it snowed at the beginning of the break, that's a sign of goodness. It's been sunny the last three years on the first day of break if I recall, and then there's a lot of gray and no tangible whiteness. Tho I know my Western folk ain't looking forward to a White Christmas...that crazy bunch. I'm going there too, so bollocks to the snow, then. Whatsay about whatever this weekend, Linds?

 Everything is fine. Whew.

 Yeah, I'm not going to worry too much until she sees what the doctor says. I'm not a very good diagnostician. Where are yall 8th period? I know where Rosie and Liz are, but Josh and Will? I think Will may be in history, though, not sure. Josh, where are you? And does anyone know where Becca is?

 ...hmm. Not good. It's going to be alright. Where is the lump? If it's not in the same place as before, it's probably ok, and even if it is, that doesn't really say much. My grandpa had a clog in a vein in his neck once, and there was some lumpage after they operated...they said not to worry about it unless [insert unnatural non-homeostatic condition here, i.e. unusual fatigue, throbbing pain]. So dude...no worries yet, man.

 Ok, guys. I'm usually not one to ask for this, but start praying again. Mom just found a lump on her leg. She's going to have it checked out tomorrow morning. It could just be water from swelling, or it could be another blood clot, maybe better, maybe worse. Just thought I'd share.

 Hahaha. I especially enjoyed "Santa Claus Is Coming To Get Me". I think I just may include that in my heavy metal Christmas carol album. He he.

 Props to Liz for this one... CHRISTMAS CAROLS FOR THE PSYCHIATRICALLY CHALLENGED Schizophrenia --- Do You Hear What I Hear? Multiple Personality Disorder --- We Three Queens Disoriented Are Dementia --- I Think I'll be Home for Christmas Narcissistic --- Hark the Herald Angles Sing About Me Manic --- Deck the Halls and Walls and House and Lawn and Streets and Stores and Office and Town and Cars and Busses and Trucks and trees and Fire Hydrants and...... Paranoid --- Santa Claus is Coming to Get me Borderline Personality Disorder --- Thoughts of Roasting on an Open Fire Personality Disorder --- You Better Watch Out, I'm Gonna Cry, I'm Gonna Pout, Maybe I'll tell You Why Obsessive Compulsive Disorder ---Jingle Bells, Jingle Bells, Jingle Bells, Jingle Bells, Jingle Bells, Jingle Bells, Jingle Bells, Jingle Bells, Jingle Bells...

 Sweet. Ignore my BLog, then. But honestly, prepare the rope. Groan.

 Found them. After going to the school at 4:30 and holding on a conversation in spanish begging a janitor to please open Mr. Miller's door for me, and still not being able to find it because I didn't want to mess up his desk. Well, that didn't exactly phase Whitney, so she rummages around on his desk for a while and finds them under a coffee mug and a pencil pouch. Needless to say, I am very much indebted to her.

 I lost my scantrons. Don't even begin to talk to me about guns.

 Someone load the gun, I don't want to feel like I was that involved in my demise. Brr.

 Ah, the wonderful life of exams...even though that makes no sense

 Heh. No, actually, I was talking about the real live ones, you know, the North Pole variety that you can play "Elf Bowling" with. Santa's little helpers, perhaps? I figure one o' those will get me an all access pass into the Fat Man's house, whereafter I can have a field day. The rhinocerous was the desire to have an unusual and large animal. Frankly, I'm more surprised that no one mentioned the fact that I wanted an astronaut. As in, I wanted to keep a human being in an astronaut suit in my room. Eh, I would have thought it was cool when I was a kid, I was maldeveloped. If only that was all. Goodbye to all, I'm going to fraggin' AZ. And goodbye to Abby and Linds, have fun in...well, wherever Breakthru is, man! Woo!

 Those are garden gnomes, not elves.

 he wants one of those garden elves that people put in their gardens and sort of look like little santa clauses, as for the rhinocerous I'm stumped as well.

 I was kind of wondering about the rhinocerous myself.

 An elf, Josh? I think the blog has gone down to 3 people. (Mostly 2). I'm sorry about Keilei. And Megan. This situation keeps getting worse, don't it?

 Nod. I hope she turns out ok! Keep us posted, of course. And a Happy post-Christmas to all.

 Megan went home today. Well, actually she went to Birmingham to be with Keilei, but Megan's doing all right. Still don't know what's wrong with Keilei. They're keeping her in the hospital for another ten days to make sure she's all right.

 I gotcha. Hmm. Any new reports as of now? And Merry Frickin' Christmas, all! Cuz we'll all be way too frickin' stoked to BLog tomorrow. "I wanna kitty and a astronaut and a dinosaur and a spaceship and a cow and a airplane and a cowboy gun and a pirate ship and a puppy and a rabbit and a rhinocerous and a flute and a igloo and a elf and a camera and a computer game and a monster and a yo-yo and a..." I'll be getting 100% of my list there tomorrow, that's for sure. Heh.

 Good question. I don't know. It was induced labor and as soon as they saw the umbilical cord was wrapped around her neck they performed a c-section, so not too awfully long.

 Have you heard how long it took to get deliver her? This be not goot.

 Keilei just had to be flown to Birmingham. She's having tremors in the whole right side of her body, probably because the umbilical cord was tied around her neck. Blake, his dad, and my Uncke Keith (Megan's dad) went to Birmingham with her because Megan is still recovering from surgery. We should know by Friday what is wrong.

 For those of you who don't know, Megan had her baby, Kailei yesterday. She weighed 7lbs 6oz and was 22 and a quarter inches long. She was an emergency C-section because she was in distress. Hope someone out there cared about that.

 Ugh. Too much cow. And for Linds and Abby: grr as to Rob. I dunno. I'm going to try again tomorrow sometime, but I dunno where the shit he is. Brrr.

 Eh, I'm working on it. I spent most of today listening to the radio, figuring out how the rest of them do it and applying. Dude, I also watched the Titans game, and for those of you that missed it, pat yourselves on the back for avoiding an ulcer. They won, but jeez. Time to make hamburgers! I don't burn those!

 Yeah, Josh, if you're going to buy us the Biltmore AND give us a brilliant college to attend, you better hurry up with that.

 Hahah. Hmm. Well, not an entirely bad idea. I wouldn't give shit classes and make people remember stupid stuff. It would be a party school with school-sanctioned parties, and everyone would learn stuff because it would just be so damned...novel. Even if they were shit-faced they wouldn't be able to resist the wonder of this really cool stuff they were...well...being forced to see, I guess. It's like regular school with more, less "stuck out like a sore thumb" psychology. I would be a sneaky little monkey about being Freudian. Hmm...so between this, and the Biltmore, I'd say I'm going to need that recording contract pretty soon. It's going to be tight, but I think I can manage.

 Hey Linds, where is everyone else. Happy times with Rob? yay! Now if only my parents were that...normal? Jacob called and they freaked...so guess what we did on Sat? NOTHING. ok just slightly ticked over it. Anyway have fun. byebye

 Hey, everybody. We're back. I feel like crap. I've got a cold or something, and my eye is doing something funky. I think I scratched my cornea. Anyway, I was feeling decent last night and Rob came over. That was fun. We watched part of Spiderman, part of Little Nicky, and all of Iron Chef. Not that we really paid attention or anythingbecause we kept talking about the most random stuff... Anyway, nobody except Abby really cared about that, so I'm going to go now.

 I really hope he doesn't have this URL. Maybe I should change it. Sorry, just my paranoid schizophrenic side coming out there.

 Wow, I'm insanely tired, but I just had so much fun I had to post. We went over to Las Palmas (Abby, you KNOW it's your favorite restaurant!) with the Harmons, and Holly had her boyfriend, Matt with her, so Rob came (I ate in front of him!! We're really getting somehwere.) Then we (minus Matt) went to the Harmons to watch the game which we lost. Oh well. We had fun anyway. Rob really blends well with the family and god-family. He was really sweet tonight even though everyone was acting like their normal, embarrassing selves. I don't know, I guess I didn't expect it to go so well or something. This might actually turn out to be something. We might be like a "Josh and Abby, Jr." That would be so cute. He actually mentioned that the other day on the way to the pep rally, which was kinda weird, but I can see where he's coming from. I think we've gotten through the major "hurdles" now, thank God. This might work. Wow. Who would've ever thought. Wow, you have now just read my innermost thoughts. Congratulations. That's what happens when I'm this tired. I actually fell asleep on his shoulder during the last four minutes of the game. When I woke up, he was like "Are you INSANE??? That was the entire game right there." Yeah, like I cared. I'd just spent like 30 minutes asleep on his shoulder. OK, I'm going to bed now before I give you intimate details about the rest of my life. Oh, and Keilei came home last Monday. I think I forgot to mention that on here. Maybe I didn't, but it's almost midnight. And Abby (nobody else bother reading this; it won't make sense): No rule of three. Sorry.

 You betcha, man. She met his dog, the man is sure to follow. That was the damnedest last sentence. It sounded really wise but is a pile of dog hooka if I think about it (enlightenment coming to most faster than others...say, me). Well, friends. Off to the big Chatta in about seven hours. And everyone needs to go and get Linkin Park Live in Texas. I have never heard a human being scream as Chester Bennington did on A Place For My Head . As I was telling my dad, I felt the walls of my heart seize when he did it. 9 ' |>y3 2 @11

 nope. not yet, but i will.

 Ha!!! Rob called me!!! I win!!! My way worked fine, thank God. And I didn't have to do any of the dirty work. But Josh, thanks. You really did help. By the way, are we still meeting in the library tomorrow morning? Congrats on getting a good and/or rich soon-to-be step-father. It's going to happen. We all know it. Has Abby met him?

 Why, this is a hoppin' joint. I'm about to do the Snow Dance, and I encourage you all to join me! Ok, not now. I'm doing it later when it's more freezing/preferrably snowing a tad. Damn forecasters, what ever happened to the Thursday snow? Grr.

 Hey hey HEY! What about the female species? I was highly offended by that "mister" just now, "miss"!, that's discrimination. So. This is a post. I would like to talk about Glen. Glen is actually pretty cool. He can make a mean prime rib. He has lots of money and makes really annoying jokes when it comes to money or the lack or overabundance thereof of said substance. He has a really annoying laugh and uses it like a nine-year old. Like, he's watching VH1, and someone just made a joke about Jenna Jameson being a dirty whore (porn star, but I hope you all knew that), and he laughed his ASS off. He squeals better than I do. He drives a Concord LXI and is saving up to buy a Mercedes SLX, convertible, no less, in cash. I have seen him no less than eight times in the last twenty days, topping any records of actually glimpsing the guy by a long shot...try: ever. He's a likable dude, tho. I think they're seriously planning on getting married. Which isn't any problem, I just wish they would come the hell out and say it. So there's a post, by dammit. Woo! Let's all talk about Glen and ask questions so that I can really figure out if I hate him or if I just want his money! Or we could talk about "mirror flirting" for a while...see ANTIPHILANTHROPHY for details. I was almost going to get on line, then I got tired. Rob better improve or he might find himself poised below the long end of my booted leg. Ja, ja, he's a sugardaddy, but I think he can do better. A "hi" would be mighty, mighty impressive at this point. I say make him really embarrassed, and then tell him you're doing it intentionally until he pays more attention, that'll confuse him and make him clean up at the same time. I'm serious, you could be direct as hell aboot telling him your intentions and he'll be really confused as to why you're telling him, but he'll still try to improve. But that requires a little not-Lindsey work, so we're not counting aboot that one, eh. I guess it's the boot. Heh heh heh.

 Ok people, get your butts on the blog and POST!!! That means now, mister!!!

 Oh, that's what happens!!! Now I get it...

 Heheh. Umm. Glad this place be so hoppin'. Not that I've been contributing so much. But yeargh. I think when a child is born they must release some chemical that gives ADD or some other brain-discolouring disorder, because it would seem that all of zem be cranially imbalanced in some method, eh? They all turn Canadian, that's what happens, eh. It's a brain-discolouring gas that gets aboot the brain and turns it to Tab cola, eh.

 Rockin' it hardcore, dudes and dudettes. Just thought I would drop a line amidst the silent of this place and wish all an excellent long weekend.

 Dude, very not cool, and I remember Tara Stockwell from a long time ago, somewhere. My thoughts be with them.

 Oh, and a girl in my small group's (Tara Stockwell, Abby knows her) mother died late last night of breast cancer. So if you could please pray for her.

 Josh, Bach did really like guitar, but his son was by far better than him at it. But Johann Sebastian was best on the piano.

 u don't have a time limit. I do. and it really sucks that i don't like them...otherwise they'd prolly be done by now...oh well. Change of mindset

 Dudes, Addagios are hardcore on the guitar. Just a sidenote or whatever from one school of music to another. And fugue = incredible if you get the right man to play it. I listened to Ynigwie (ING-vay, long "a") Malmsteen play some, it changed my life. And do note that most classical pianists were heavy into guitar sometimes, surprisingly enough. Bach did quite a bit if I remember correctly, I have the music to a song of his in my room, and it's really rockin' it hardcore when played correctly.

 Yeah, I'm doing a Chopin and another guy I don't remember. It's an Adaggio, so it's pretty, but they're both really short and easy, so I didn't really even mention them. I'll post the other guy's name when I feel like looking it up.

 Fugues are hard in general. Grace did a Bach fugue and it was like ok....do that in slow motion. It sounds really hard but I didn't like it mainly because she did one with alot of clashing cords...don't like a whole piece of those. The Beethovan Sonata, those are fun! The dynamics are like wow I love those. Ok Chopin, prolly because it's like Kay's and LiLi's fav composer. Mozart...I couldn't care less for. I mean he's great but I think overload int he beginning. Also the fact that the variation and the polonaise sound similar it's really not...what I want in audition set. Anyway enough piano. Byebye

 Darn. No fugue. Mozart and Haydn Sonatas instead. Oh well. I like the Haydn one.

 I'm starting a Bach fugue and a Beethoven sonata today. I'm really looking foward to doing them. Patsy says they're insanely hard, but it's about time. She had me on easy stuff all last semester. Chopin's not bad. Just wait until you finish, then you'll really love it. You've done more Chopin than I have most likely, so you know all about that.

 not extremely low. Mine's somewhere around there. can you give me some of that desire for piano? I just played around 1.5 hours and I'm so tired. Also because it's liek 10.35. anyway the point is I'm doing a Mozart Variation and a CHopin Polonaise and they're getting on my nerves. I just started them in Jan. around 10 days and I'ma bout to kill this variation...it's SO dull!!

 Is it possible to be addicted to playing the piano? It seems to be the only thing I want to do lately. That usually only happens when I extremely happy or really depressed (as in depressed, not sad) and I'm really not either right now. I mean, I'm happiER, but not HAPPY exactly. I've had too many fights with Mamita to actually be HAPPY. But I'm definitely not even close to a little bit sad. Or mad. Or whatever. I just want to play the freaking piano. ALL the time. Literally, I've been on it almost five hours and then I come in here and work on homework or post on the blog or eat when my arms get to tired to hold their own weight. I have really low blood pressure. 110/70. Isn't that weird? Rosie should understand that one.

 Yeah, once again, the wonders of Lindsey's self-diagnosed paranoid schizophrenia.

 Naw, I understood, I was clearing myself. I just mean, it would've had to have been you if he did, in fact, have it. Unless there's a traitor *lowered eyebrows*.... Dude, I just tried it on Google, and I must say it's fragging impossible. He could probably sift for a few hours and find it, but without the name of the blog I dun think he's gonna get anywhere. Hell, even with the name he won't get anywhere. "The BLog". That just says it all and nothing at the same time. Woo.

 There is no way in heaven or hell I would ever give him the URL. Nor was I pointing to you. I was thinking Google.

 Aye, it's a virtue, and other wise sayings pertaining to patience, //please insert here\\. I doubt he has the URL. It sure wasn't me, in any case. So if he does...*pointing finger in no LIapparentNdirectionDS*.

 I'm patient. I'm definitely not pushing the matter. At all. It's actually kind of a nice break after last time. I'll tell you the story within a story tomorrow if I remember to call.

 Linds...breathe. No rule of three yet. Just wait patiently.

 Wow. I was only slightly insane last night, but I'm going to leave my post up for everyone to poke fun at. I think I was in alpha waves to the point of hallucination.

 Ooh, yeah, February what? Maybe we'll have to go out to eat to celebrate. Or go out with the guys. We'll do something.

 congratulations linds...we're coming up on 3 years for my diagnosis...and 2 for e-o-t. Yay.

 Heh, well again we meet in silence. A good weekend to all.

 Woo!!!!!oneoneone. Happy Ani Linds.

 Oh, I forgot to mention that today is the 1 year anniversary of when I got mono!!! Hip-hip Hooray!!!

 I can go if I have to, but otherwise I get a head start on prom dress shopping. Just tell me whether to be there or not and I will be. Where is it? Lo no s que- I don't know what roughly translated into spanish. Abby explained the French thingy to me. Glad that finally got resolved.

 " nescio quod " (I don't know what in Latin), but I think we should do the DI thing and I know I could go. What happened at "Woompty House"? or is it one of those stories that no one wants to know? And now it's a trilogue, which sounds a lot like trilogy in some messed up fashion

 Rock n' roll man. Aye man, I'd like to know about that thing on Saturday, too. I'm supposed to go jam it old-school avec Pariah. " Je ne sais quoi ," means something to the effect of "I don't know what"...that's the phrase in quotes right there. Remember in Austin Powers 2 when Dr. Evil was discussing his evil plan in the Starbucks tower and he said, "What the French call a certain...I don't know what," he was actually referring to that phrase. But mostly people laughed because it made him look stupid and ignorant, and we all love a stupid and ignorant person. Weehee!

 Ah, the wonderfulo world of Waffle House, which we're not allowed to say at my house, it's "Woompty House." Long story. Anyway, yeah, that stuff will get to you. We just have to pass one for my stomach to start doing flips. Are we doing the DI thing on Saturday or not? I would post this on the DI blog, except the whole no access thing kinda sucks. Je ne sais quias, all. I don't know if I spelled that right, and I know it doesn't mean what I want it to, but it's the only French phrase I know, and since Josh and Abby use French all the time, I thought I would too. And now we're a dialogue. w00t. And yes, you diid spell monologue right.

 Good day again, friends. Well, hmm....it's sort of becoming a monologue (sp?, fer crying) in here. But that's ok because one day, someone's going to get back on, and read these posts and wonder: what was he smoking, again, pray tell? So, I think it should be said that I wish everyone a good first day back to Hell tomorrow. I embraced the joys of Waffle House at my mom's request today, and now I'm paying Yazoo, Mississippi for it. I think my stomach has developed its own culture and diverse ways of life with all the grease I took in today. I just thought I would share since one of the cultures growled a "may it do ya fine" to all the BLoggies just now. Bon chance until latr, companions.

 Eh, it's more fun with people anyway! Naw, the PETA can go suck an egg. We decided against that one anyway, I think, just cuz it's sounds like a grindcore name, and for those of you that don't know, grindcore sort of sucks. I'm about to try the new tea, I've waited all day. I really don't know about powder-based green tea, but hell, anything's worth a shot, as long as you don't bleed very badly thereafter. Pariah is an Indian word coming from the caste system and whatnot; it means something to the effect of "ruffage". Pretty much, it's the lowest rung of the ladder in society, you're crap, you're nobody, you're worse than a slave, you nothing more than a breathing sack of organic compounds. The M-W definition is: 1 : a member of a low caste of southern India 2 : outcast, altho we've found that it's a much stronger word in context. It comes from Tamil, and the translation is "drummer," which makes NO sense. Or maybe it does. Now we see why everyone hates the drummers in bands so much? That colon means you've been being hypnotized by Kelly too much. Take the day off tomorrow. Stupid Socratic seminar. How about those of us who don't like to be useful in class, or fear saying something stupid so they hardly say anything when they can help it? Stupid Kelly, stupid. The lady is the most even-tempered and agreeable person, but honestly, someone needs to drag her ambitions of being a good teacher to pasture and have them shot. Aie. Tea time! Have a good day off tomorrow, dudes. Yes, you heard me. Well, some of us (sorry Abby!), perhaps (never give up the hope, etc.). I'm going to do the Snow Dance right now, and damned if it isn't going to be painful. Arrivederci.

 Ok, here's a thought: what's a Pariah? (What does that colon symbolize to you?) Let's not do Moose Carcass. PETA might get after you and you'd have to hook a disclaimer. So the whole name would be more like "Moose Carcass (disclaimer: no animals were hurt in the writing or performing of this music)" and that's just a really long name. Good luck with the new tea. Sorry for interrupting the monologue. I know you were having a lot of fun being the center of attention and all.

 Monologue, awesome. No sarcasm, I'm serious! It's really weird not having people post, so to a poster (myself at present) in such a situation, it's rather interesting. Yes, it's a complicated feeling. So...hm...we had a band practice on Snow Day...dudes....we totally owned everything within at least a three mile radius, and the ownage tremors could be felt several counties over. Presently, and because another band is called Pariah ( urlLink click here and throw rocks at them! ) already, we've changed our name...to what, is not certain. It could be Daniel Krikorian's Suicide Death Machine, it could be Moose Carcass, it could be Cousin It, and it could be Trapeze Act. We don't really know as of yet. All we do know is: we BRING the death to the death metal. Excitement overflows. Hoo! I'm really wired I believe. Wyler's just put out some green tea with peach flavour and I'm sort of anxious to try it, so I think I'm going to, but before this I was having Purity tea, which is the BEST of the non-flavoured teas, and caffeine+me=REALLY PERSONABLE! But that tends to get old. So...I wish you all the best until next time.

 Dude, that's so weird. But yes, Happy Birthday to both of them!

 Happy Birthday to the blog. And Whitney, too. Kinda cool they have the same birthday, huh?

 I love the Osbournes. They crack me up. Sorry, Josh, it would be unethical for me to give out the address and have that poor penguino maimed several more times. Oh, and I learned how to peel an apple correctly. Apparently I've been doing it wrong all along so my mommy had to teach me to do it right. It takes me about 5 minutes my way. It took me 18 her way. But I got to eat it, so it's all good. With peanut butter too, yum. What the hell am I smoking? I just went back and read what I just wrote. Wow.

 Hahahahah! I wanna see it, tho!

 Sorry Rosie, I had to take that off my blog. Too violent. Poor penguino!!!

 Ok I'm going to break the Josh-Linds blog. Go here everyone but Linds. Linds, if you go...don't blame me, blame Phil and Billy.

 Well man, I hate to say this but it sounds more like a borderline retarded male in all of these instances. Granted, they are novel little things (label makers PWN BIOTCH) but really, ratchet sets get old. My mom and Glen gave me two when I got my car, and I was like..."Uh...yeah, great," when I got the second one. And kind of the same reaction on the first one, to be honest. Quilts are nice! Well, I enjoy them. And really, females seem to have better taste in clothing than men, so if you all want to buy the ties and socks....that's great. But no pink. NUH-UNH, NO. Pinks socks are fine cuz no one's really going to see them. But that's only if there isn't another color. And really, who's going to say no to a bathrobe? They're awesome. O no, let's wear jockey shorts and be real men. Real men=the biggest damn babies you've ever seen, they'll be in a bathrobe faster than you can think a short phrase. But remote controls are very cool, and replacements...ahhh. Alcohol is alcohol. A real man would drink whatever the hell is there. And no, this does NOT make real men alcoholics...well at least that much. Hahaha. No, no rope. Get us a rope making KIT, we would go apeshit (rhyme) over it (rhyme again, both of those were really unintentional, but I had to go back after typing them and point this out). It instills a certain sense of pride, procuring the grass, weaving the grass, pulling the grass, using the grass. And really, wheelbarrows are for gardeners. And no real man is a gardener. Absolutely no logical fallacies on that last statement, a'tall. Stepladders just don't reek of that thrill of danger so much, and so now you all know why. Hey look at me! I'm bored!!!!

 This is sure to brighten someone's day. Lord knows we all need it. Gift Buying Rules for Men. Rule #1: When in doubt - buy him a cordless drill. It does not matter if he already has one. I have a friend who owns 17 and he has yet to complain. As a man, you can never have too many cordless drills. No one knows why. Rule #2: If you cannot afford a cordless drill, buy him anything with the word ratchet or socket in it. Men love saying those two words. "Hey George, can I borrow your ratchet?" "OK. By-the-way, are you through with my 3/8-inch socket yet?" Again, no one knows why. Rule #3: If you are really, really broke, buy him anything for his car, a 99-cent ice scraper, a small bottle of de-icer or something to hang from his rear view mirror. Men love gifts for their cars. No one knows why. Rule #4: Do not buy men socks. Do not buy men ties. And never buy men bathrobes. Once I was told that if God had wanted men to wear bathrobes, he wouldn't have invented Jockey shorts. Rule #5: You can buy men new remote controls to replace the ones they have worn out. If you have a lot of money buy your man a big-screen TV with the little picture in the corner. Watch him go wild as he flips, and flips, and flips.... Rule #6: Do not buy a man any of those fancy liqueurs. If you do, it will sit in a cupboard for 23 years. Real men drink whiskey or beer. Rule #7: Do not buy any man industrial-sized canisters of after-shave or deodorant. I'm told they do not stink - they are earthy. Rule #8: Buy men label makers. Almost as good as cordless drills. Within a couple of weeks there will be labels absolutely everywhere. "Socks. Shorts. Cups. Saucers. Door. Lock. Sink." You get the idea. No one knows why. Rule #9: Never buy a man anything that says "some assembly required" on the box. It will ruin his Special Day and he will always have parts left over. Rule #10: Good places to shop for men include Northwest Iron Works, ParrLumber, Home Depot, John Deere, Valley RV Center, and Les Schwab Tire.(NAPA Auto Parts and Sear's Clearance Centers are also excellent men's stores. It doesn't matter if he doesn't know what it is. "From NAPA Auto, eh? Must be something I need. Hey! Isn't this a starter for a '68 Ford Fairlane? Wow! Thanks.") Rule #11: Men enjoy danger. That's why they never cook - but they will barbecue. Get him a monster barbecue with a 100-pound propane tank. Tell him the gas line leaks. "Oh the thrill! The challenge! Who wants a hamburger?" Rule #12: Tickets to a Seahawks game are a smart gift. However, he will not appreciate tickets to "A Retrospective of 19th Century Quilts." Everyone knows why. Rule #13: Men love chainsaws. Never, ever, buy a man you love a chainsaw. If you don't know why - please refer to Rule #8 and what happens when he gets a label maker. Rule #14: It's hard to beat a really good wheelbarrow or an aluminum extension ladder. Never buy a real man a stepladder. It must be an extension ladder. No one knows why. Rule #15: Rope. Men love rope. It takes us back to our cowboy origins, or at least the Boy Scouts. Nothing says love like a hundred feet of 3/8" manila rope. No one knows why.

 It's official: Daniel Krikorian's Suicide Death Machine. At the Show du Talent, it's probably gonna be something more exotic and less evil sounding, like "Exiled Children of Zion" or "Exuberate Proliferation" or something ghey as this. Everyone come! 7pm on the 19th (Thursday) !!!111oneoneeleven Yes, I've posted this on probably about every message board, BLog, and Xanga I know of, but it's imperative that everyone knows. Heheh, well actually, we're not in yet, the tryoots are next keskiviikko (mercredi (Wednesday)). But man...just hope for us. Or "Endomorphic Dragqueens". I think that's a fun one.

 Whoops! No one cared!

 unpatriotic moron. If I was G.W. I would have you held on suspection of being a terrorist. how bout the rest of you?

 Eh, it was chuckler. I still have to give the majority of the brownies to the Brit, simply because he didn't pun it, he was just pissed.

 I think I have to stick up for us americans here. This is (could be, who knows) an actual letter sent to a man named Ryan DeVries by the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality, State of Michigan. Wait till you read this guy's response! SUBJECT: DEQ File No.97-59-0023; T11N; R10W, Sec. 20; Montcalm County Dear Mr. DeVries: It has come to the attention of the Department of Environmental Quality that there has been recent unauthorized activity on the above referenced parcel of property. You have been certified as the legal landowner and/or contractor who did the following unauthorized activity: Construction and maintenance of two wood debris dams across the outlet stream of Spring Pond. A permit must be issued prior to the start of this type of activity. A review of the department's files shows that no permits have been issued. Therefore, the department has determined that this activity is in violation of Part 301, Inland Lakes and Streams, of the Natural Resource and Environmental Protection Act, Act 451 of the Public Acts of 1994, being sections 324.30101 to 324.30113 of the Michigan Compile Laws, annotated. The Department has been informed that one or both of the dams partially failed during a recent rain event, causing debris and flooding at downstream locations. We find that dams of this nature are inherently hazardous and cannot be permitted. The Department therefore orders you to cease and desist all activities at this location, and to restore the stream to a free-flow condition by removing all wood and brush forming the dams from the stream channel. All restoration work shall be completed no later than January 31, 2002. Please notify this office when the restoration has been completed so that a follow-up site inspection may be scheduled by our staff. Failure to comply with this request or any further unauthorized activity on the site may result in this case being referred for elevated enforcement action. We anticipate and would appreciate your full cooperation in this matter. Please feel free to contact me at this office if you have any questions. Sincerely, David L. Price, District Representative Land and Water Management Division ___________________________________________________ This is the actual response sent back: Re: DEQ File No. 97-59-0023; T11N; R10W, Sec. 20; Montcalm County. Dear Mr. Price, Your certified letter dated 12/17/97 has been handed to me to respond to. I am the legal landowner but not the Contractor at 2088 Dagget, Pierson, Michigan. A couple of beavers are in the (State unauthorized) process of constructing and maintaining two wood "debris" dams across the outlet stream of my Spring Pond. While I did not pay for, authorize, nor supervise their dam project, I think they would be highly offended that you call their skillful use of nature building materials "debris." I would like to challenge your department to attempt to emulate their dam project any time and/or any place you choose. I believe I can safely state there is no way you could ever match their dam skills, their dam resourcefulness, their dam ingenuity, their dam persistence, their dam determination and/or their dam work ethic. As to your request, I do not think the beavers are aware that they must first fill out a dam permit prior to the start of this type of dam activity. My first dam question to you is: (1) Are you trying to discriminate against my Spring Pond Beavers? or, (2) do you require all beavers throughout this State to conform to said dam request? If you are not discriminating against these particular beavers, through the Freedom of Information Act, I request completed copies of all those other applicable beaver dam permits that have been issued. Perhaps we will see if there really is a dam violation of Part 301, Inland Lakes and Streams, of the Natural Resource and Environmental Protection Act, Act 451 of the PublicActs of 1994, being sections 324.30101 to 324.30113 of the Michigan Compiled Laws, annotated. I have several concerns. My first concern is - aren't the beavers entitled to legal representation? The Spring Pond Beavers are financially destitute and are unable to pay for said representation- so the State will have to provide them with a dam lawyer. The Department's dam concern that either one or both of the dams failed during a recent rain event causing flooding is proof that this is a natural ccurrence, which the Department is required to protect. In other words, we should leave the Spring Pond Beavers alone rather than harass them and call their dam names. If you want the stream "restored"to a dam free-flow condition please contact the beavers, but if you are going to arrest them, they obviously did not pay any attention to your dam letter; they being unable to read English. In my humble opinion, the Spring Pond Beavers have a right to build their unauthorized dams as long as the sky is blue, the grass is green and water flows downstream. They have more dam rights than I do to live and enjoy Spring Pond. If the Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Protection lives up to its name, it should protect the natural resources (Beavers) and the environment (Beavers' Dams.). So, as far as the beavers and I are concerned, this dam case can be referred for more elevated enforcement action right now. Why wait until 1/31/2002? The Spring Pond Beavers may be under the dam ice then and there will be no way for you or your dam staff to contact/harass them then. In conclusion, I would like to bring to your attention to a real environmental quality (health) problem in the area. It is the bears! Bears are actually defecating in our woods. I definitely believe you should be persecuting the defecating bears and leave the beavers alone. If you are going to investigate the beaver dam, watch your step! (The bears are not careful where they dump!) Being unable to comply with your dam request, and being unable to contact you on your dam answering machine, I am sending this response to your dam office. Very truly yours, Ryan DeVries

 Good God! Hahaha. Suddenly I want to be a Brit.

 Here's something sure to liven your day. AN ANGRY LETTER FROM ENGLAND Actual British complaint letter. The piece suggests two things 1) Americans and Canadians are not the only ones who get poor service from their ISP, cable and/or alarm companies. (NTL is a cable operator in Britain). 2) The Brits probably write the world's best letters of complaint. ==================================== Dear Cretins I have been an NTL customer since 9th July 2001, when I signed up for your four-in-one deal for cable TV, cable modem, telephone, and alarm monitoring. During this three-month period I have encountered inadequacy of service which I had not previously considered possible, as well as ignorance and stupidity of monolithic proportions. Please allow me to provide specific details, so that you can either pursue your professional prerogative and seek to rectify these difficulties -- or more likely (I suspect) so that you can have some entertaining reading material as you while away the working day smoking B&H and drinking vendor-coffee on the bog in your office. My initial installation was cancelled without warning, resulting in my spending an entire Saturday sitting on my fat arse waiting for your technician to arrive. When he did not arrive, I spent a further 57 minutes listening to your infuriating hold music, and the even more annoying Scottish robot woman telling me to look at your helpful website. HOW? I alleviated the boredom by playing with my testicles for a few minutes -- an activity at which YOU are no doubt both familiar and highly adept. The rescheduled installation then took place some two weeks later, although the technician did forget to bring a number of vital tools -- such as a drill-bit and his cerebrum. Two weeks later, my cable modem had still not arrived. After 15 telephone calls over four weeks my modem arrived, six weeks after I had requested it -- and begun to pay for it. I estimate your internet server's downtime is roughly 35% -- the hours between about 6 pm and midnight, Monday through Friday and most of the weekend. I am still waiting for my telephone connection. I have made nine calls on my mobile to your no-help line and have been unhelpfully transferred to a variety of disinterested individuals who are, it seems, also highly skilled bollock jugglers. I have been informed that a telephone line is available (and someone will call me back); that I will be transferred to someone who knows whether or not a telephone line is available (and then been cut off); that I will be transferred to someone (and then been redirected to an answering machine informing me that your office is closed); that I will be transferred to someone and then been redirected to the irritating Scottish robot woman. And several other variations on this theme. Doubtless you are no longer reading this letter, as you have at least a thousand other dissatisfied customers to ignore and also another one of those crucially important testicle moments to attend to. Frankly I don't care. It's far more satisfying as a customer to voice my frustrations in print than to shout them at your unending hold music. Forgive me, therefore, if I continue. I thought British Telecom was crap; that they had attained the holy piss-pot of god-awful customer relations; and that no one, anywhere, ever, could be more disinterested, less helpful or more obstructive to delivering service to their customers. That's why I chose NT and because, well, there isn't anyone else is there? How surprised I therefore was when I discovered to my considerable dissatisfaction and disappointment what a useless shower of bastards you truly are. You are sputum-filled pieces of distended rectum, incompetents of the highest order. BT -- wankers though they are -- shine like brilliant beacons of success in the filthy mire of your seemingly limitless inadequacy. Suffice to say that I have now given up on my futile and foolhardy quest to receive any kind of service from you. I suggest that you cease any potential future attempts to extort payment from me for the services which you have so pointedly and catastrophically failed to deliver. Any such activity will be greeted initially with hilarity and disbelief and will quickly be replaced by derision and even perhaps bemused rage. I enclose two small deposits, selected with great care from my cat's litter tray, as an _expression of my utter and complete contempt for both you and your pointless company. I sincerely hope that they have not become desiccated during transit -- they were satisfyingly moist at the time of posting, and I would feel considerable disappointment if you did not experience both their rich aroma and delicate texture. Consider them the very embodiment of my feelings towards NTL and its worthless employees. Have a nice day. May it be the last in your miserable short lives, you irritatingly incompetent and infuriatingly unhelpful bunch of twits. May you rot in Hell, Robert Stokes

 Heh, well as long as the smoke isn't too carcinogenic, I suppose it's all good. I still wanna see the penguin. The Osbournes is perhaps the most repetetive, yet neverendingly hilarious show, that has been created in a long while. It's one of those shows that make you appreciate the English and the diversity of curses one can procure...it's astounding. Umm well...I figure, the peel comes off, the job is done, but that's just me. But then again, I use the "procure-wash-indulge" method of eating apples, so I can't talk. Pllaal. Does anyone know what that means? I was thinking of what to type next and I typed that, as you see it right now. Pray for my sanity, or insanity, depending on your viewpoint. And also notice that I used the word "procure" twice in this post, so I suppose that is the word of the day. Hope everyone is having a good weekend. And have fun with coffee Linds.

 thought the psych students would like this. Essay by Freud on Seuss a book review by Josh LeBeau (copied from the Koala, UCSD's humour newspaper, which has no copyright notices in it anywhere) The Cat in the Hat is a hard-hitting novel of prose and poetry in which the author re-examines the dynamic rhyming schemes and bold imagery of some of his earlier works, most notably _Green Eggs and Ham_, _If I Ran the Zoo_, and _Why Can't I Shower With Mommy?_ In this novel, Theodore Geisel, writing under the pseudonym Dr. Seuss, pays homage to the great Dr. Sigmund Freud in a nightmarish fantasy of a renegade feline helping two young children understand their own frustrated sexuality. The story opens with two youngsters, a brother and a sister, abandoned by their mother, staring mournfully through the window of their single-family dwelling. In the foreground, a large tree/phallic symbol dances wildly in the wind, taunting the children and encouraging them to succumb to the sexual yearnings they undoubtedly feel for each other. Even to the most unlearned reader, the blatant references to the incestuous relationship the two share set the tone for Seuss' probing examination of the satisfaction of primitive needs. The Cat proceeds to charm the wary youths into engaging in what he so innocently refers to as "tricks." At this point, the fish, an obvious Christ figure who represents the prevailing Christian morality, attempts to warn the children, and thus, in effect, warns all of humanity of the dangers associated with the unleashing of the primal urges. In response to this, the cat proceeds to balance the aquatic naysayer on the end of his umbrella, essentially saying, "Down with morality; down with God!" After poohpoohing the righteous rantings of the waterlogged Christ figure, the Cat begins to juggle several icons of Western culture, most notably two books, representing the Old and New Testaments, and a saucer of lactal fluid, an ironic reference to maternal loss the two children experienced when their mother abandoned them "for the afternoon." Our heroic Id adds to this bold gesture a rake and a toy man, and thus completes the Oedipal triangle. Later in the novel, Seuss introduces the proverbial Pandora's box, a large red crate out of which the Id releases Thing One, or Freud's concept of Ego, the division of the psyche that serves as the conscious mediator between the person and reality, and Thing Two, the Superego which functions to reward and punish through a system of moral attitudes, conscience, and guilt. Referring to this box, the Cat says, "Now look at this trick. Take a look!" In this, Dr. Seuss uses the children as a brilliant metaphor for the reader, and asks the reader to re-examine his own inner self. The children, unable to control the Id, Ego, and Superego allow these creatures to run free and mess up the house, or more symbolically, control their lives. This rampage continues until the fish, or Christ symbol, warns that the mother is returning to reinstate the Oedipal triangle that existed before her abandonment of the children. At this point, Seuss introduces a many-armed cleaning device which represents the psychoanalytic couch, which proceeds to put the two youngsters' lives back in order. With powerful simplicity, clarity, and drama, Seuss reduces Freud's concepts on the dynamics of the human psyche to an easily understood gesture. Mr. Seuss' poetry and choice of words is equally impressive and serves as a splendid counterpart to his bold symbolism. In all, his writing style is quick and fluid, making _The Cat in the Hat_ impossible to put down. While this novel is 61 pages in length, and one can read it in five minutes or less, it is not until after multiple readings that the genius of this modern day master becomes apparent.

 OMG~legitimacy! Megaprops for breaking the vicious redneck cycle...well somewhat, minus the whole names bit; I think it's good to stick to the traditions, and he was named after yer padre so it all evens out right. ( 0 |\| G R @ 7 $ !!!!!

 I have a new... second cousin, I think is what he would be to me. He's my cousin's baby. Anyway, Jacob Wayne was born this morning at 7:45. I'm really really happy. And the best news of all? He's LEGITIMATE!!! It's the first legitimate baby we've had in 12 years. The last one was Whitney. Everyone else (there have been 9 since her) were either adopted or were illegitimate. How redneck is that for you? Oh well, I'm excited, and he was named for my daddy (Wayne is my daddy's middle name too), so as to continue with tradition (every second male child in the family is named after my daddy.) Anyway, I gotta go. I'll tell you more later.

 Haha, you missed a great day in Kelly's class. It was a free day, so you missed NOTHING!!! Hahahaha!!! Not too much fun though. Rob's not going to be at school tomorrow, so I plan on looking like complete crap. I can't wait. That means I'll get to sleep late!

 Heh, well it's great when our doctors are so reassuring, "this is the worst one I've ever seen," I suppose it could be a lot worse, he could have fainted. That would probably be more laughable than anything now that I think about it. Grr, I can't talk! It sounds really weird if I do, and it's rather amusing...me in about sixty years, if I make it that long. Hope everyone had a good day, 'specially the Kelly survivors.

 By the way...Rich Ho says it's a 2nd Degree burn...but that's him just looking at it. (This is also with the comment, "wow, that's the worst one I've ever seen...")

 I feel so loved.... Yah, no snow. But we already discussed this.

 You're not the only one. And there was about nine inches in Columbia...those bastards. Welcome home.

 Oops, completely forgot to remind yall I was going to be in Florida. I was in Flordia, there is your post-vacation reminder. Anyway, I came home immensely disappointed today. We heard on the news all weekend that it snowed like 8 inches up here and we get back and there is not ONE FREAKIN' FLAKE!!! And I was really excited about getting out of school, too. *sigh* Ah, well. Hope we didn't have homework. That could be bad. Oh, and big ol' W00T cause Abby called me and we talked for like an hour. She is off phone and computer restrictions so we have the communication up and rolling. Life is (semi) good again. I was really going through some major Abby-withdrawals. But it seems we have come through it okay. Maybe I can actually SEE her sometime within the next week. That would be good. I missed her.

 Wow, seriously no one cared. Not even I cared for that matter, at least til now. Peace, fellow people.

 Hell, man. Well if it's any consolation, I think coming might have been more of a brain frap. Granted all the tests got cancelled because of the snow (except for Riley, but you don't have him of course, and he's gay ). 50 point essay in Kelly among other things; it's about e.e. cummings, so all you really have to say is, "The guy's fucking cracked," and that should about do it. I can't believe she almost sent you to school and bitched about the whole speed thing. Well, yeah actually, I can believe it ("baseboard dust", remember?), but I think it's horseshit. And it's your car so bygod, if you want to bust the living shit out of it, they should say "Go right ahead dear," or "How heavy do you want the sledge to be?" Did you get a "thx!!!11" for picking her up? You could have just...not, I'd have loved to see that. And I'm sorry about Christy. I think your mom just gave the orders out of desperation so man, I hope you didn't follow through. But it's alright, because there's a good weekend or so to recover, and me and Will are planning on having mental health weeks come next, and man, we'd be happy if you joined us. Eh, I hope you have a good weekend man, to make up for the shoddy-suck day.

 Disclaimer: This is just a long rant about my crappy day. You don't have to read it. Yeah, so for those of you who didn't notice, I wasn't at school today. Yesterday was a really bad day and quite frankly this morning wasn't much better. After I got the phone call saying that we weren't going to Gatlinburg, Mom suggested that we go to the mall, which I was kind of hesitant about because we always stay there forever and I had a lot of homework and studying to do, but she said it would do me good to get out of the house, so we went to the mall. Ok, so that was fun and all, but we didn't get back home until 8:30. Now I have about 4 hours to completely learn a chapter in math (thank God for Becca) and do all the homework for a month in there, study for a Psych test, an AP US History Quiz, and a Spanish quiz, and do Spanish and Anatomy homework, none of which I knew anything about. Realizing this, I promptly have a panic attack and make myself rather sick. After I calm down a bit, I call Becca and she stays here until past midnight helping me with my math stuff. Then I stayed up until around 3 to try and finish my math homework, but I'm quite unsuccessful. Mom finally comes and makes me go to bed, and then wakes me up this morning at 6:00 or so and I was like "Can I take a mental health day?" which I've never done before, and she was quite set against the idea, but she said to call my daddy, which was a mistake on her part, because I'm Daddy's favorite. After a couple of tears and me explaining the situation with a few "Daddy, I love you"s thrown in there for good measure, Daddy takes my side and argued with mom for me. Needless to say, he won, since I wasn't there today. So mom goes to take Whitney to school and after about 30 minutes she isn't home and I'm kind of getting worried when the phone rings. It's mom. She's got a flat tire and I have to go pick her up. All the way home, I'm going about 5 under the speed limit and she's like "Lindsey, watch your speed. Lindsey, I'm going to take the car keys away from you. Lindsey, I thought you were going to bottom out on that speed bump" (I was going about 7 mph) which wasn't annoying at all. So we get home, and mom starts her Bible study for the day and gets sick. So I have to take care of her. Still haven't gotten much done. I sit down and eat a little bit and get to work. After about 3 hours, I'm finally done with math. Another 2 hours and I'm done with everything else. So I come up for lunch and see mom crying and asked her what was wrong. Apparently a close friend of the family's(Christy Stickney, the one with leukemia, who I've asked yall to pray for quite a bit) cancer has spread to her brain and the doctors are giving her about two weeks to live. Then mom left for Ruthanne's house with commands for me to clean up the entire house even though Lori came two days ago. *sigh* Not a good day. I don't think it's done much for my mental health.

 Man, that is straight-up bringing the gay, I am sorry man. This is going to sound like a really dumb question, but I'm a bit confused so I'll ask...was that one for Forensics? And if so, do you just postpone it til some other time? But I bet it's not for the team or whatever, but I wondered. Dudes, not to sunshine on the funeral or anything, but the most random thing happened today, some lady calls and informs me that I'm the "Mayor of Smashville" at the Preds game this Saturday...it was really random. She called and said I put my name in a drawing at some Sofa Connection somewhere and that I got tagged. The interesting part is that the last time I was at a Sofa Connection, I was nine years old. So, today's lesson, kids: the wait is well worth it, especially if it involves a zamboni ride (which it does!!!!111oneoneoneeleveneleven). Alright sorry, I'm done.

 Yeah, so I didn't get to go to Gatlinburg since school was called off today. I really shouldn't be that upset, but I really am. Anyway, so I just wantedto let yall know that I'm still home. *sigh*

 Hahaha. Tis about right. My life is rated R. What is your life rated? Be advised children, I'm a bad motherf (*beep*) er! *kills someone messily*

 Well this is kind of sad... My life is rated PG-13. What is your life rated? *sigh*

 Hahaha, well, a theory coming from someone who was deathly afraid of ferns (no joke)...why am I not surprised? Sounds more like psychodynamic tho, and the things really didn't do anything besides tear shit up...then again, what else are they supposed to represent? Oh, I know, having sex with your mother and killing your father, because after all, that's all it boils down to anyway. There, the Freudian/Jungian analysis is complete. I bet Freud got really tickled every time he used the word " anal ytical".

 Well, it's not exactly his fault anymore. So, yes, I'm sure I'm not resentful now.

 That's what I'm talking about, man. Interesting little capitalized "Yet" there, are you sure you're not resentful? Hmmmmm. I'd say not to worry about it, unless of course, you were in the way of forcing the issue...

 Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens... Speaking of hugs and kisses, 2 months tomorrow, can you believe it? Not that kisses really applies. *sigh* No, I'm not resentful... Yet.

 Man, I have to tack on to that list, my mom's coworker Anne suffered a massive stroke in between surgeries the other day, she's vegetative and they're waiting for the daughter to come down to "decide what to do". And for my dad's friend in General Services, he died of pneumonia after a huge and essentially lifelong immuno-deficiency battle the other day. Again, a *sigh* should here be input...please keep the families in your prayers. On a lighter note: Kitties! Butterflies! Puffy white clouds! Waltzes in the springtime! Warm summer nights! Snuggling up with a huge glass of hot chocolate and a blanket and watching Lifetime! Woodstock (old, peaceful hippy Woodstock)! Hugs and kisses! Blah blah blah.

 Mrs. Christy died yesterday afternoon. Thank you all for keeping her in your prayers. Also pray for one of my daddy's employees, Frank, because his mother died unexpectedly this morning. So many deaths... *sigh*

 Hey, I always said there was a website for everything. Haha, this is possibly the coolest thingy ever. I especially enjoyed the "Onion Death Blossom" and the fact that "you will drink Cola or you will DIE!" I wish I had this much time on my hands.

 Yah. Apparently there is a website called Ninja Burger: www.ninjaburger.com Very very strange.

 Hmm. Well, aright then. Man, I would usually put more rambling but I am worn. Grr, Kelly: you take all the fun out of weekends.

 Woo! I'll bring the beer hats!

 With a baby-sitter- uh, no, unfortunately. But, sure!!! BYOB!!! Yeah, right.

 umm... does that mean party at your house? Are you trying to pre-empt Becca? That's not very nice.

 Right you are there Josh. I'm feeling kind of what Whitney likes to call "Iggy." My mom just left, and I'm really glad because I have over a week to just relax now. On the other hand, I feel guilty that I wanted her to leave and I'm concerned about the whole safety issue. Because, you know, I could really protect them or whatever if I was there. Anyway... bad part, though, is that my parents hired a freaking baby-sitter. She was writing out what I needed to do while she was gone and what Katie (the baby-sitter) was supposed to do, and looked at it and goes "Wow, this is kind of pointless. I'm paying her to sleep. You're doing everything else." I was like 'hey, good job, mom. only took you a month and a half to figure that one out.' So she almost called to cancel, but then was like "I think it's illegal to leave someone under 18 in charge of another minor overnight." So the baby-sitter still stands. But she also said I was in charge. Whatever. Anyway, I gotta go get dressed. I'm going to build-a-bear. Why am I so excited over that? That's kind of sad... Oh well.

 Wow, this joint be HOPPIN! WooWoo! I'd just like to say, What have I been smoking? It's tea time biotch! And (lisp) You have a speech impediment! It doesn't make any sense, but let's see if we can stir up some "um"s at least, eh? So ok cool. Peace, all.

 Now that is truly the feminist movement at its best. I don't even remember kicking that little boy- apparently I repressed that memory. I Just found out about it about a year ago. Josh, don't hate prom, that's not nice. Abby and I will help out if you need us to. And you call Rob and Gossett. I don't want to tell my own boyfriend how much he's going to be spending on me, and Gossett is really mad at me right now. Just call Carabba's right as it opens and get reservations. The good news about it not taking our reservations is that they won't take anyone else's either, so it's ok. You never did tell me about the limo...

 Hummm..did I bite anyone? I know that I almost got married to Chris Walden..but then he took the head off my favorite Barbie and so I left him at the alter.

 I need to speak to the Lindsey Reid person really soon about some fun prom stuff, and if you can rally those of the House of Gossett and Norman soon, that would be really freaking awesome. Damn prom, it's making my ears bleed just thinking about it. But yes, it be time to finish things up. And sorry to break topic, but it was sort of urgent so I had to interject. Ooh one more thing....there's no reservation making at Carrabba's, you have to call on the day of, they don't take anything in advance.....I hate prom. HATE HATE HATE HATE. Heh, peace all.

 anytime. So you're saying that if I want to make him stop doing that I shouldn't beat the stuffing out of him, I should duct tape my parents to the nearest wall and be sure they never reward him for being a bum ever again? YAY! good, kicking people is perfectly alright, I'm sure the boy deserved it. I think Walt is just a strange one. I believe he bit three differnt people in knidergarten, just a little out of the norm. and thank you, I thought it was quite effective in my use of it.

 YAY!!! Big post!!! Anyway, answer to question: Because it has worked before. Like Coach Hart says, if the behavior has been rewarded before, it will most likely happen again. Meaning, of course, that every time he goes crying to your mother and she makes you get off so he can get on, she is rewarding the crying, stomping, biting?!? that comes with it. Answer to poll: I never bit anyone in kindergarten, but I did kick a boy in first grade. I like the unplugging the monitor idea- Julian does that to me all the time. It's very annoying and very effective.

 Yes, there is indeed a reason for this topic. I was on the computer checking my e-mail and blogs and my twelve year old brother came up here and told me to "get off, I have to do homework" ths sounds like a reasonable request; until you realize he had been on the computer for at least three hours already this evening (we had gotten home approximately three and a half hours before this point, and the half hour not accounted for was dinner) and for at least two and a half hours I watched him play games on the computer. So anyway, he comes up here and demands the computer again because he forgot to do something, at this point it's approximately 6:30, giving him at least two and a half hours before he has to go to bed, plenty of time to get back on the computer after I get off in less than five minutes. So I tell him he can wait the five or so minutes it takes for me to check my blogs and respond when I think it's necessary. He then goes berserk, crying, stomping, whining, screaming, temper tantrum, runs to mommy dearest, and demands she make me get off. She then yells at me for "being a computer hog" Anyone whom knows my mother will find this extremely funny because she spends at least ten hours a day on said machine. And he proceeds to run up here and stick his tongue out at me and generaly look like he won. At this point I'm to this blog and I decided to start a topic about him. so he tries to get me off for several more minutes, in which I type the message, go to all games free, play several games of collapse, etc. I finally decide his frequent kicking, screaming, and biting has become annoying and decide to allow him to do what ever it is he's spitting about. So he sits down witha smug look on his face to print off whatever it was, then he proceeded to go to Big Cheats or some sort site. This I decided would be an ideal moment to unplug the computer. I didn't; but I did unplug the monitor and make it look like I unplugged the computer. He then attempted to kill me in that abmisal fashion in which children think their punches actually hurt, but then I put my foot in his face (not kicked him, just put my foot on his nose) and he decided this wasn't a fight he was going to win, so he stormed off. At which point I plugged the monitor back in and shut the big cheat window and went back to what I was doing. My question is why does he think he can get away with this? What exactly is it that makes him believe that he can ever get away with this? and BITING? is this kindergarten? Oh and I have a poll, I want to see just how special my brother is, How many people remember someone biting another person in kindergarten? thanks

 Good question. I know why with my sister... but brothers are a whole different story. Is there a reason for this topic?

 yet another new topic from Will's endless supply of useless information (ego stroking aside, I'll get on to my point) "Why do preteens always whine, cry, stomp, yell, (insert more here), etc.?"

 no kidding. I tried getting things going a couple of times now. Someone else's turn. My blog is dying!!!

 Well, this is pointless.

 Aww... the original is like one of my favorite hymns! BTW, Linds...when do I get my copy? (Looks annoyed and taps foot while looking at watch...) Anyways Tired. Must go

 Oh my gosh!!! That is so freaking hilarious! No wonder you were freaking out. Wow, that is by far one of the best stories I have ever heard. You don't happen to know their names, do you? (This question only applies if they were B-wood cops). Also, As I Survey the Wonderous Cross is absolutely amazing. Must commend you on that version. You would make wesley or whoever it is that wrote that song very proud. (Quite frankly, I like your version better. The other goes REALLY slow.)

 Hell no he won't beat you up, and if he tries it'll give me an even better reason to make meal out of his face. And yes, I'm not such a big guy, but he is fat, and that's all that needs to be said there. Heheheh. And a slick "hell yah" to ridding the evyl babysitter from your household. Well...to make a long story less long...after the pageant we had a little mini-concert in my garage with another band called Stutter. We played our set (sucked more or less) and then Stutter got on and played one song. The parentals knocked on the door to inform us that we were being shut down...simultaneously two cop cruisers pulled up. The cop got out and made some remarks on my makeup (but was being really cool about it), asked if there was any drinking (no). J.H. brought a Gene Simmons mask and the cop asked if we had all gone to the show when KISS came here, a chorus of yeses and nos. He asked who was playing Money on the bass a couple of minutes ago, and said that Pink Floyd destroys all. Keep that mask in mind, by the way. So, here I am in a mild state of confusion, feeling pretty tired and suddenly I see Gaddis jerk around in the garage (I was a little outside) and put his finger to his lips. I listened and heard someone playing the drums. The door from inside flew open and out comes my mom hissing that the cops are right there in the front yard. I ran inside and yelled, "Moron, the cops are looking right at you!" And the IRONY: it was a cop playing the drums! He asked one of the guys how to do a roll, and he was really good at it. Then, part two: the first cop to come in asks if he can wear the mask. Scrambles to get a camera. My mom got a camcorder. The drumming cop gave us a little speech about how he can only ask us to stop but he can't enforce it because Williamson has no noise ordinances. He asks, "Ready?" We shout our approval, the one cop, now fully masked, and the other cop who just gave the speech, turn to face the camera with Gene Simmons tongues a-loll and devil horns straight at the lens. Needless to say, the aftermath was armageddoneous roaring...I don't think I've ever laughed so hard in my life. Then they bid us a good'n and left. The video is absolutely amazing, I'll have to show everyone. Alright self, breathe!

 Wait, Abby wasn't there so I didn't talk to Gaddis. What happened? And why did the cops come? Also, Whitney and I got rid of evil baby-sitter. That's right we called in the godparents. Take that, evil baby-sitter! Wow, congrats on 2nd place! Don't be bitter about Fredi's boobs. They're implants. It's part of the gender-reassignment surgery. Don't ever tell him I said that. He'll beat me up.

 Yay for me! I got second place in the Guardian Angel Pageant. Fredi beat me. Stupid kid, it's because his boobs were natural (yes, I'm bitter). But o well. And the coolest thing ever happened last night, Gaddis had better tell you or I'm going to blow up his house, it was just that cool. And I'm sure he will. Raugh, alright, tonite has been crazy and I'm freaking the hell out like no other. It's time to do something low-energy. If anyone reads this, tell the boys of Badmoon that I won't be there, I have to make up for the fact that the cops came out here last night. Yeah. Alright, peace.

 I'll getcha dudette, I'm the PR master, of course. And I have the sophies in my pocket, so I don't think you'll have much trouble. And my sis can cover the frosh (under my influence of course, this is "let's overexaggerate Josh so he can transfer his sway to Linds's campaign"). And the juniors, I'll get the ones you miss and what not. Your campaign slogan should be..."Lindsey Reid...it rhymes with seed." heheh Or, "Lindsey Reid, I have guns, and I'm willing to share!" I'm sure the psychos will love you. Or "Don't be a feeb, vote Lindsey Reid!" hahah, I laughed out loud on that one and one of the Mexican dudes (I'm at Glen's) came and asked if I was alright. I I'm gay...April Fools. Either that, or the EMO is getting to me...and it'll be finished Friday so stay tuned. Is it just me or do I smell snow outside? Wasn't it just spring a couple days ago? Stupid Mother Nature.

 ok course I'll help. but don't ask me about campaign sloagans, my creativity is just about nil.

 Oh yeah, and I need a campaign slogan so help me think of one!

 Ok, everybody. I need yall's help. Some of you know that I'm planning on running for Student Body Secretary, and I desperately need help, especially with making posters. I was wondering if yall (yes, even you, Abby, even though you don't go to BHS. You're my best friend and I need help!) can come over one day (before April 23!) and help me make 8 posters and 2 8-foot banners to campaign. I also need help convincing people to vote for me- just to get the word out there. Please please please help me. I really want to win this election, but I need yall's help to do it!!! Let me know ASAP.

 Oh yeah, Josh, you will be giving me a copy of the Cousin It Album, right?

 So, Josh, PLEASE tell us about your self-titled Cousin It album coming out in a few days. We're dying to know about it. And we all know that you would never take off Abby's Barbie's head. That would be cruel and naturally we would be forced to beat you up or something. Also, you WORK? Oh, and Rosie and I got our "defying the social norm" project approved. For those who don't know, we're going to McDonald's and eating with a random family there.

 Well man, I'm glad I didn't miss so much...I don't have a computer so if anyone is trying to get to me...not the most effective method in the world. I'm actually slacking at work to type this. And yes, this should be in my BLog, but considering the massive amount of not-posting that's going on here, I thought I would heavien (as in lighten, except the opposite) the load a bit. I'll talk to them. I haven't bit anyone in a long time. However, a couple of days ago, there were two blueberry muffins left, and Mrs. Mallard took one, and was about to reach for the second...I felt strongly to bite her hand in that moment. God bless that lady. And Abby, I would never take the head off of your favorite Barbie, ever , and that's an "I'll bleed on it" promise. Everyone ask me about the Cousin It self-titled album coming out in a few days so I can drop clues and be reclusive about what I'm doing! Rock on, EMO children! Peace.

 the terms quiz is on wednesday I believe. hope you had fun in AL and hope your family is well. see you on monday

 Ok, so apparently my little brat of a sister posted on the blog... *sigh* Oh well, she's cute, so I guess that makes up for it. Anyway, the real reason I came on here... Does anyone know when the terms quiz is? It's not on monday, is it? That would be REALLY bad. Also, has anyone started on their research paper? I've got a little research done, but I haven't even started writing it. I hate not having a laptop. I'm heading to AL tomorrow morning, but I'll be home around 8:00pm or so. As if anyone will be on here before I get home anyway... my blog is officially "mostly dead." Poor blog. *sniff*

 hey yall it's whitney!!! are yall excited about prom? i know lindsey is about to pee in her pants she's so nervous... hehehe Abby did you ever decide on a dress? well i know you'll look ABSOLUTLY WONDERFUL in the one you pick. lindsey looks SO good in hers!!!! doesn't she???? well anyway i need to go so maybe lindsey will accidently leave this site up again... and i can talk to yall... again. see yall on prom night! bye!!! ~whitney~

 Wow, one post in a week? That's really sad. Well, I'm glad to see you got home safe, Abby. I like that slogan-we should use it. I bet the principal would love that!!

 Smell snow? Wow, that's a first. How about "Lindsey Reid: She's best friends with Abby. So, vote for her, damn it!" I like that one.

 Ok, I know no one is on here or anything, but I thought I'd post just in case. Would it be at all possible for some of yall to come next week to help me make posters for my campaign? Please post if you can, because that would be incredible.

 The quiz was actually cancled. Hehe.

 Suck on this, English AP: urlLink here's what I think of your overanalytical bullshit: a big weird irrelevent picture with an even more irrelevent title . But hey, it's almost over, so what the hell.

 So, is anyone coming or what? I kinda would like to know, so that I can look for you afterwards. Linds-- last night after the show (which was amazing and a packed house) we went to Waffle House (theater tradition...but gross) and the BA kids showed up. I was annoyed cause Alex wasn't there. I asked this one kid why not and he was like "Oh, Alex like ran out after we were done." I was sad. (Giving pouty face). It's Michael Nelson's birthday! YAY!

 Ooh, ooh, uno mas (sp?). I got really tired of all the crap I was getting from mail.com so I tried out the Gmail thing...it's pretty cool. So the new address is urlLink xXbittersidXx@gmail.com . What can I say, I'm a hardcore geek, and that name was available. So yeah, in case anyone wanted to send an email, that's where I'll be checking.

 Good lord, Skee. The man has voices talking to him, and that's no joke. Like, does he do that thing with his hands? You know? I think he's trying to bat away demons or something. And he has this volume fluctuation problem. He's sounds like a kamikaze pilot that can't decide whether to die or not. Keep your eye on the prize, man, that's all I'm saying. Skee really doesn't matter past money, and he doesn't furnish much of it anyway, so forget him. And Adams...that Adams. The guy is just crazy, it's because he's getting to be senile early since everyone wants to be friends with him. I don't know, it's just one of those weird things in nature or whatnot. But hey, maybe Skee will have a sudden random hand spasm while driving one day during the summer and the council minus Skee will fall under the control of Bayrd or Adams or someone cooler. Yarp. Um, wow. Apple pie is really great, I'm going to pay for this later, said the Anorexia, but it's worth it, a lot, said the Mindless Self-Indulgence. Balance, she is a tricky sort.

 Mr. Adams forgot your name?!? That's awful! He probably didn't remember mine either when I went in for speeches yesterday, but he didn't talk to me, really. Just kept winking and smiling while Skee was berating me. That man is a freaking jerk. He's the reason I semi-don't want to be on Student Senate.

 Well Ms. McLemore, that's why we were going to set up the chant! j/k So.....what's everyone doing the 14th of May?! Hopefully you're coming to Spring Day, because there's a band there that's so heavy, that, to quote Mr. Adams, "I remembered you were a student in my class, but you were rocking so hard, I forgot your name!" Tryouts were superawesome, and we had the whole soccer team and the band before us as an audience. Dude, it was hardcore heavy metal. Ooh, and the band before us with Tyler Rothamel in it (for Abby: they all look like the biggest EMO kids ever (and are)) are doing the song I Believe In A Thing Called Love ...for those of you that haven't heard of The Darkness yet, for shame! They were pretty good, but no one's going to hit it like the real thing, of course, but still. I tried to convince Nick to do that one, and he was like, "Eh," so I guess it's better that that never went off. Wow, I need to stop. I'm getting so excited and it's about a month away. We still have to do APs before then, and I need to do the research paper, I'm at the library and I'm supposed to be typing it, but surprise, am not. Williamson Public is a cool place, it's a really nice place, the grounds are really pretty. They're right next to BGA, btw. Hmm.... Alright, so. Time to get started! Peace.

 How did it go? Oh, show is Thursday, Friday and Saturday at 7:00. Sunday at 3:00; $8.00 at the door. Yah, got home last night at 10:30, and still had to study for a Jerry test...which I think I failed...night before at 9:30...tonight probably more like 10:45....tomorrow, only God knows when. Man, all I can say is "I feel pretty, oh so pretty..." So, yay. BUT I do get to have a headset thing, and look really cool and official and stuff...even though nobody really talks to me, but whatever.

 Aye, but I have Spring Day Tryouts at 3:15, so...can we hold off a couple of minutes? Hell, you could come to the tryout or something, I don't think they're really going to do anything about it. And then we'll get on with it. Tomorrow is going to be awesome, and if we make it (and we probably will, all that has to happen is Leper shows off a bit) Spring Day is going to be cool. Did you know that Kyle Jones is an amazing pianist? Lord, that kid. He laid out the song Mountain King like I've never heard it played before. We were like, "Calm down Kyle! God!" I think he's replacing Shaun for Spring Day (aww shucks for him), and then, everyone might actually enjoy listening to these 27891326498716237169324 minute musicals they're planning on. So woo, I need to calm down. I really laid it out today and I was feeling mighty by the time I left. Nick said my face went past purple and into black when I was screaming "FREEEEEDDOMMMM" today, and that's always a good thing. I'm accomplishing more and more as a vocalist each day. Wait, what am I doing? I should be ranting on my BLog. Lord, between this and EMO posts, I'm probably going to fill this BLog for all that we haven't over the past school year. Peace.

 Welcome back! How's Tuesday sounding for ya?

 Side note for those who care: the only part of that last post that really has any substance is when I start talking about the shit hitting the fan. I dunno, in case you were trying to pick through the intro and just couldn't, or you didn't care as soon as you saw it, or something. Yes.

 Heh, why sure, I can fit you into my really tight schedule of doing nothing. Yarp, I'll try to see what I can do. Well yes, I think we can officially declare the body of each of our BLogs, cold and rotting. And it's really sad because, man...these things have history and drama and action and promise and all those really good things that make life worth living...yet, there goes its magnetic appeal. I guess nothing can last forever. Then again, this is me at 3:30 in the morning typing a post because I really have nothing better to do. And I haven't been on in like...forever. I didn't have a computer, but now I do. Isn't that a conundrum. Yes, there was no question mark on that one because if I had said it, that's how flat it would have come out. Anyway, I enjoyed the Prom, party people. Hey, we'll have to do that again some time. Hey, what do you know? I do get to do it again some time, as in two weeks some time! Well that is exciting, this is cool. I have to go get measured out again so I can get another penguin suit. Wow, 'tis cool making long EMO posts. But hey, nobody reads it anyway, right? So it's fine. I just feel like that if I quit here, I'm not going to have anything to do, and then I'm going to fall asleep, and that would be badish. I'd rather do something cool like make a really stupid random post that, if you're actually still reading this, starts to make no sense. Hey, if you are reading this, you are cool. You're getting in touch with the Josh C. about a year and a half ago. Actually, most of those posts started out like... "Well, that's it" or "Fuck" or "So I guess I don't really know what the hell's going on anymore" or something to that effect. Ah, the good old days of self-destruction. Did you all know that suicide is actually a method of self-preservation? It's been bugging me that for a survivalistic race, people have the ability to commit suicide, and then I read in that book Ordinary People (it's awesome, if ye all haven't read it) an explination on how it was a means of self-preservation, and I was astounded. Lord, am I rambling. Ooh, I have a good ramble that I really need to make. The shit's really starting to hit the fan with my mom. I guess that's a lot of the reason why I've become such a self-critical, not myself jerk-off the past couple of...months, I dare say? Yea, I dare. Man, when we go at it, we go at it. There's talk of me moving in with my dad until I graduate, and her...raugh. Like, the other day, she was yelling at me because I had to go and get Julian to film our project, he lives a little ways away, so she was upset at him at first, and then I said I was going to go get him, well...wasn't too happy. But here's the best part: she went, "I'm paying for this gas in this car!" and I was like, "Well no ma, I filled it up this morning with my own money," and then she went "I bought you this amp just now!" and I said, "I told you I'd pay you back for it, you said to not worry about it!" and then she said something about being ungrateful...that really gets me. I know that a lot of the time being...I dunno, over-grateful makes me look like a loser subconsciously, I tend to draw out my thank yous and sorries, and mostly, I blame myself for damn near everything, even right now I'm blaming myself for that whole fight, and for everytime that I went EMO tonite, and sadly, that all just accumulates and screws me over even more the next time I have to do anything...overwhelming guilt. So anyway, she accused me of being ungrateful, and I basically screamed back that if she didn't want to provide me with the things she does, that she didn't have to, because I'm not asking for them. She's always saying that I'm such a nice kid and so grateful most of the time, but I swear, when I put her out enough to shake her nerves a little, god in heaven, I'm suddenly the bastard child of the universe. It sucks because I know I have to work it out, and I don't know how, I feel like I've forgotten how to talk to her, maybe even how to talk in general, I don't really know. I mean, I talk a lot but I don't really say anything worth it. I'd really like to know how all of this started sometimes. I mean, I'd even like to go back into yesteryear and figure out when the hell my head got so screwed up. It's scary to think about how normal I was right before ninth grade started. And now I'm this crazy bipolar paranoid fucking nutcase with a moody penchant and a tendency to either ball it up inside or let it all out to the point where I don't even know what the hell I'm feeling that's real or what I think I might feel that's real, if that makes any sense. I'm seriously trying everything I can to stop this but everything seems to wind up stupid. I feel like some things work for a while, but then they quit and leave me screwed again, til I can pick up some new addiction and curb the burn for a while. Wow, I don't even know why this all came out. I think it's because I've seen all this happening, and I can't stand it. I guess that maybe I think of all these people I see that are just like me in this respect, and I guess they sound so fake that it makes me sick. I really need to stop talking so that you guys don't institutionalize me (just yet). Well, on a lighter note, while trying to type people just now, I spelled it "oekieke". Beats me where the hell that came from. Sigh. I guess I'll find something else to do. Sorry for being so damned EMO once again.

 I think mine may be allergies too... who knows? Yes, I was at SATs, but not IIs, just the regular one. And it's not that he stood over, but that he was telling them who to vote for. They are supposed to stand over in case someone can't read well enough to hit the "VOTE" button.

 Abby M. as well, altho she describes it as "allergies". Were you at SAT IIs this morning? Am I that blind? Exactly, whoever can tell? I don't think Cary should get all the blame for this, since I doubt he was being serious. Robbie stood over mine, I'm pretty sure they're not supposed to (wonderful Australian ballot)...not that I care so much. But hey, who knows.... Glad to hear that you're betterer Lindseyreid. Peace.

 Who's the other sick person? (By the way, I'm doing mucho better now) And did they announce the original winners? Or did they just let yall know that Cary screwed with the votes? I can't believe that he did that. According to Tao Tao, Cary was standing over the 1th grade thingy telling people who to vote for. I seriously doubt that people will change their votes, but who can ever tell? I still say that Catherine wins.

 Dude...we shoulda taken the trip to that doctor...don't say I didn't tell you so. HEY, good news! Cary McNamara screwed with the votes somehow so they're re-doing the whole election by paper ballots! I didn't hear exactly what he did, but it was something serious, Keidel came on and talked about it, and then Cary came on and made a school-wide apology. And this morning, all the Student Body Leader People (Robbie, Cary) were walking around going, "Dude, something big is up, they won't even tell us what's happening." They called all the candidates back in this morning, and by the time I got back, they straightened it all out. So hey, here comes another shot at it. And this time I'll tamper with the polls. I'll have a piece of strep with a slice of bronchitis and some inflamed lymph nodes on the side. Get better, sick people (numbering two as of now)!!

 Wow, I'm really sick. I stayed home today. Hope people didn't think I was a big loser and stayed home causeI lost. Oh well. Anyway, I have no idea what I have. I think it's just a bad sinus infection, but Daddy said it may be bronchitis. Again. Isn't that wonderful. May have a side of strep, too, but no one really knows. That's what happens when mommy isn't here to take me to the doctor, and Daddy's ego gets so big that he thinks I don't need one. Anyway, I'll probably see most of yall at the SAT tomorrow. Josh, hope you had fun on your French adventure.

 That would have been awesome. Hey, if you had done a striptease too like Catherine probly did, that ho. "YOU BASTARDS, I'll be the best damn secretary this side o' the Mississip!" Discharge dual Yosimite Sam pistols at any time during this segment. Dude, I think that you would have made a great secretary, and um...I guess we could all pretend that you are, if you really really need that sort of consolation. But that's really up to you. :) Man. I wanted to see the speeches, too. And I'm not going to be there tomorrow and something great is going to happen. Like, maybe Kelly is going to break down and confess that truly, deep down inside, she's a black-hearted bitch that wants nothing more than rampant debauchery all over the world, but at the very least, she likes to subtly screw with people's (self-pointing) grades. Have fun in the sun for me! And I'll be enjoying snails! Oh, and a chant tomorrow if I see you. But I'm telling you, if you didn't get one, no big. They're a bit overrated.

 No chant... *sigh* Catherine Mcdonald got one though. Kinda. They just clapped real loud and "woo wooed" a lot. Unfortunately, no guns or violence mentioned, and just a bit of prostitution. Ok, so not too much, but it carried over from Kelly's class. For the most part just boring. Especially the second time because I'd already seen it once. But I guess the first time I saw it for you, Josh. And no damnation! I wish I'd thought of that. "I'd be honored to serve as your student body secretary. Damn you!" Eh, not quite.

 And technically it isn't eating it, yet sipping...yeah ok, that doesn't make it any better, but it's one of those things dying to be pointed out. And normalacy is so over-rated, anyway, so that could be a compliment. Man, I know three Jerrys, one is a dick from the best that I ken, one is a rocker and consequently, my ultimate idol, and the last is a gay guy who gives a mean haircut and can draw Tina Turner like snapping his fingers. (random) So suddenly I realize I'm not going to be there for the speeches...I beg your pardon! But it's ok, I'll get Rob and Alex and Julian to start up the chant without me. And I'll be around Thursday so my vote's in. Speeches are about the best part of the year, and here I am about to miss it. Talk about guns, prostitutes, and violence that need to be eliminated, that'll get their attention. And if not you can go J. Edwards and preach damnation. I know watching that happen would get me going. Jesus, I need a vacation. Fair night, all.

 Yay! My blog was only mostly dead! Maybe it will stay alive for a little while. Who hasn't heard of a smoothie? Has he lived under a rock or something? But good God are they good- too good to call them "pureed fruit" and get away with it. Anyway, so speeches tomorrow. I'm oddly not as nervous as I should be. I'm going first, which sucks, but at least they'll have nothing to compare me to, and at least they won't have been bored out of their minds by everyone else going before me. *sigh* I hope it goes well. Vote for me! Ms. Medlin doesn't want me to run, though. Oh well. She can get over it, I'm sure.

 Dan played Sky. (For Linds, who knows who he is from Rumors...the one who yelled a lot in the show...) Friday was just bad. Thursday and Saturday were really good and Sunday was absolutely hilarious. So, it's all good. Maybe now I can go back to my normal routine of doing nothing. God, now I actually have to see my parents. Before, I was able to go days at a time without seeing them...or seeing them very briefly. It was nice. Anyways, class is over, so I suppose I should head to Jerry's room now. Wahoo. Yesterday he made fun of everybody because of what we ate (or didn't) for breakfast. I had a smoothie...he'd never heard of those before and determined from my description that no normal person would eat pureed fruit.

 I agree one hundred percent. today I did nothing more than sleep through classes and help tao on physics. why do we have all these days before ap tests, I just want them over. so End of Course tomorrow, fun fun for everyone. bleh

 Hmm, well today was a shoddy fucking waste of a day. Who's with me?

 Heh, it was a funny show. The lights people had massive ADD and sort of played with them however they wanted. And Sky Masterson...well, whoever he was...made a rousing performance, mostly since every time he hit a note, it was so flat everyone woke up. God bless the guy, he tried hard, and that's all that matters. Well, at least it looked like he tried hard. But you never know. We were looking for you. I took Jonathan Thompson and Billy was there (eventually), but no dice. But it's all good. You could see Abby if you looked really really hard. I did, and Jonathan said he did, but he's just such an agreeable guy, you never know. Hm. Yeah, I'm really stalling for time here. I don't want to do this stupid paper. I went to the Mainstreet Festival with my mommy, I cut the grass, I shot the shit with Alex for a while, I'm on here, I've checked my email a couple of times...anything except doing this stupid paper. O well. It's alright because this is the last one for this entire year! Woo! Isn't that scary? Ok ok, sense of duty just kicked me in the pants, I'm going.

 You should have just printed that out as your project. I'm sure you could have come up with some kind of BS to explain why it was related to a modern novel. Abby, sorry I couldn't come to any of the shows. Trust me, I would have much rather been there than where I was. Firday actually wasn't too bad, I went to lock in, but I got no sleep. I was actually planning on coming that night, but mommy made me go buy my grandmother (KY one that you met) a birthday present. Then on Saturday, we went to my grandmother's house for her birthday and we didn't get back until 10:30 last night. And then today I had to write this whole research paper about Vietnam and my mommy is going on a cruise so I had to see her off. I would come tomorrow if you had one. That would be a perfect time! But you don't... :( I'll come to the next one though, ok? I'm sure yall did great even without me there. Everybody vote for me on Thursday! I probably won't be back on here before then. Things are sooo busy!!!

 sigh

 Augh, I can feel my brain dying. Someone save me.

 Hey, folkses. Just thought I'd drop by. Wanted to comment on the ridiculousness of the election thing. I was laughing hysterically in my head. I hope that you win this time around, Linds. The officers that run the election had better be watched like hawks this time. I wasn't loomed over in my booth, but if I had been, I would have cried foul immediately. Voting is private, and you all know how I like my privacy. Anyway, talk to most of you folkses tomorrow. Hi, Abby! ;) ~ZZ

 do we want to get everyone on here so we could discuss summer plans? I'll be home abut noon on sunday, I'll call you then and we can arrange a few study sessions. pool parties are fun, and liz seems to want one.

 Yeah, i'm afraid I might accidently be deleting a lot of posts. I almost did that to Will's just now. By the way, Will, I might just take you up on your offer- I can't seem to get in touch with my "official" tutor.

 I agree this doesn't work very well, I can't se what i'm responding to while I post yep my birthday was the 3rd, and we had some fun at O'Charleys sounds fun, when are you leaving, we'll not make it too noticible that we were there. and the AP tests are over, tee hee, so that just leaves the easy classes, Lindsey my schedule is virtually empty if you want math help.

 WHAT HAPPENED TO MY BLOG??? It's all screwy :( I liked it better the other way. *sniff* Anyway, Will's birthday was the 3rd- Happy Birthday Will!!! We had cake at O'Charley's. Lots of fun. Josh's is coming up though. I vote we have big ol' party like last year. Just wait till I get back from my cruise. Otherwise yall will be in my house with no supervision. Which could be fun... Anyway, see yall later.

 Hmm...Will...birthday? I can't remember exactly when it is, but I think it happened this weekend. Happy Birthday, perhaps later.

 Hey, I think it works. Just dropping by to say "hi all". So, Hi all.

 well, we have a few choices as too what we can do. we can either have a pool party, see a movie, or something else. tell me what and when.

 Hey, I'm alive as Josh's blog is witness too. Hey Will...what's ur blog? and Linds...glad ur back. Need to talk to ya soon. Oh yea...plan SOMETHING before I leave for gov school. I'll post the addy for gov school here and you all are strongly suggested to write me...I'm going to bored out of my mind besides doing chem labs and all. Luv u all.

 I'm home. Europe's great. America's better. The blog is dead. Woohoo. I'm going to bed.

 hi josh, nice to hear from you. and blog is dead

 "Welcome to my blog. It's like Josh's, only not deleted." That post is still chuckleworthy.

 Heya peeps. Hm... Filling the ten day gap betwixt posts (last of which happened to be my own). Oh well. Have fun, whatever your endeavors.

 La la la. I'm sitting here with my dad, he wants to say "hi all". He's on oxycontin right now, and he's laughing hysterically. I really shouldn't be making this post, considering he's under the influence. But still, he says "hi". And he says KTHX! to Linds for being at the hospital yesterday, and so do I, again. Linds is awesome, everyone of us (even me, especially me) should be giving her money! He says: "It really helped to see her smiling face after the fact." He remembers most of yesterday...whoops! But I don't think he's going to remember much after he comes up from this. He's actually on oxy codone , which is percocet. Not that anyone cares, I'm just rambling. Yeah, I think he fell asleep. I'm going to stop now and make sure his heart is still beating.

 If anything, give me the EMO kid award. I only have so many average words because I think way too much and actually think that everyone cares what I have to say. I know that ninety percent of the time, most of my giant posts go unread, which is ok, because most of it is for personal benefit, and the rest of you can derive what you want from it. I also think it's important to get every thought down, no matter how contradictory or irrelevent, or in some cases, near psychotic. That's just me for ya. And coming from a kid who wrote a small book in two years, and who's blog on a 56k connection (dial-up, for example if you don't understand in those terms (but you probably do, dear reader (but I'm thinking too much))) takes well over fifteen minutes to publish on bad days, and ten on good ones, this isn't really surprising. But I shall take the award with all the honor and respect that comes with it. I'd like to thank the Academy, and all my adoring fans. *kiss kiss to the world*

 Thought this was kind of funny: Will writes approximately 59 words on average per post between the blogs. I write approximately 61. Josh writes approximately 182. Essays that I had to write in middle school had to be 135 words long. In essence, Josh has tripled the number of words Will and I write per post, almost doubled the number of words that Will and I writed combined, as well as written posts longer than essays that I have written. Let's give the boy an award.

 I will, sometime here. I hate MLK, it's scary and 90 percent of the people that go there are peni (plural for penis, nothing personal, kinda).

 HEY!!! It's been awhile I've been in the pool for like 13 hours this weekend. I was wondering how I would get sunburned....found out. Nice to hear from you but I thought you were going to call. It's weird not having you at my ear for a wk O:-). Anyway somehow I'm writing a gossip column for GSS... yea... oh well it'll be juicy. I don't know who all knows this but my RA, Lisa, wanted a GS couple in her group...well we found one! Satomi, this really cute Japanese girl, is pairing up with this guy from MLK...this same guy that I danced chinese with. It's so cute. I also get to tease her so much...you think I'm oblivious to some jokes....she missed a pool noodle joke... smile! Anyway I gotta go and take care k? Love ya and see ya soon. Oh yea and WRITE ME!!!! I'm starting a letter wall....send a pic too so I can put it on my webpage. Love you again O:-)

 Omg, dudes. I just started playing with the profile thing on BLogger, I am such an EMO kid. I think we've all made more posts than anyone on the whole network. I was just looking around at these wusses, 23 posts ever by that person, 2 posts there, maybe 54 there, next to my massive, and truly EMO eight hundred seventy three (after this post) posts! That's sick! I've written enough words for a really goodly sized novel in BLogs (160,000+)! I'd really like to hear about the rest of you, but setting up the profile and all is actual work, albeit not much, but all the same. But if you ever get around to it, let me know. It's just sick, but it makes sense, the last four on here have been mine. And I run at the mouth so damned much. I shouldn't be freaking out, I should be nodding my head in confirmation, with a confirmatory look on my face, eyebrows down, mouth locked in an "I knew it" or "I just ate a lemon" pose.

 Someone changed the template...very nice. After all these years, too. Alright, well, like, two, but nonetheless, that ancient history in teen years. I like the new one tho. Next thing you know it'll be getting changed every other day (see: me). Anyway, pointless blurb as I was stopping by.

 It's our fear of the past that creates the problems of the future. Dedicated to everyone, because we all need to hear this sometime or another. And the post before this one was an answer to your'n, Rosie, the last one you made. So read it, today!*!*! *cheesy used car salseman voice*

 Nothing, man. I just got back from Chattanooga today, pardon me while I upchuck with the excessive glee. Actually, it warn't so bad, and I was talking like a dayum redneck for the longest time! And then I came back home to my Yank family. Sigh. It sucks not being able to say "ah-raht" and "wont" (there's no "a", seriously) and "ain't" (as a commonplace). And they had some mean potato salad. Anyway...my meds are screwing me up. When I'm awake and walking around, I tend to get depressed, which factors out to tired, and when I lay down, I start to get ultra-ultra manic: mostly cuz I have lots of time to think, so therefore, I can't sleep. It's a vicious, man-eating cycle, but you live and learn and then get Luvs. I really feel like making a really EMO post back on my blog, and I think I will. No use defiling " The (notice that) Blog" with filthy rantings.

 Hey I haven't heard from you in awhile. I know you're out so what's up. Lemme know ok? everything is cool. just had a dance last nite and surprising it was actually fun. I'll see ya 3 wks. Smile!

 Well, I'm home, finally. Colorado was fun. Florida was not. just in clarification, it's actually my great aunt, and she's the one who came up to help my mother when walt was born. My great uncle seems to be handling it well. but we really don't know because he really hasn't been alone since her death. Additionally, my uncle decided he didn't need two cars, so we got his subaru impreza. here's a description separated for easy reading. Girls: Small green hatchback, 1997 model, working air conditioning, Guys: 2.2 liter V4, 230ish Hp, 4WD, 30,000 miles, effortless 90Mph, Power steering, ABS, Power windows/locks, Keyless entry, With pretty good off-road capabilities now that I think about it, none of you really cared about the guys portion, oh well It feels good to be home again.

 Wow, what a wholly, morbidly silent, and depressing place. Hm. Well. Not too sure my generally unending negativity and gloom will brighten anything, but eh. A stir of life every now and then would be nice, eh? That's the second time I used "eh" in a sentence, once as a question, once as a stand-in for a period. I must be turning Canadian! Cool. Maybe I can be a Mountie. I hope they give me a huge stick, either that or put me on artillery/rock thrower. I really wish I knew what the hell is wrong with me. Actually, I can hear my dad laughing himself to a hemmorhage in the next room, that's probably fueling the fire. I don't know. sometimes it's just better not to ask Rock on, all.

 Agh, Will, I'm sorry dude, my condolences. I hope this wasn't a crushing blow to the Will of Whiteside world. Peace out brother, I'll be talking to you soon, and take it easy in Tallahassee (hard as such may be, death is a tricky sonofabitch at times).

 well I don't have much time, (check the clock on this one). but as of six hours ago I was in colorado, we got a call this morning (Saturday) that my Aunt Anne died and so I'll be in Tallahassee in less than 18 hours (2000 miles/24 hours) so that's where I am. I probably won't check my e-mail but you can call 1-615-830-9683 and leave a message for me. If I don't respond don't take it personally, it's my mother's phone and she's clueless and will probably delete the message before I get near it.

 God, son. In and out faster than bollocks with a fly. But I suppose it's well-warranted this time. To Linds, I shall say: eh. 'Twas a look. Will of Whiteside really has confirmed it. I'll bring a camera sometime and take a picture of you. It's been a while since this thread ended, I know, yes, yes. But that really needed to be commented upon s'more. It's pretty much got me out of the ass-detonation business (at least to the extent that I'll share with anyone more than the people who are there to witness :):):) i Peace, buds.

 he's good, I spent a week with him at day camp, and he invited my mom to come in and teach his classes anytime. and that's good because I'm leaving in 3 days

 kess!!! how is he? OMG, I'm so home sick. 2 more days.

 Linds, I'm gonna have to say you most likely had such a look, seeing as I've been on the recieving end of it a couple of times, I hope you two had fun, Becca and I were a little bored at crockett Park, but we found kessler so it was alright.

 I had no such look...mostly. Besides, you went out once. You could have blown up your pocket or whatever then if you had really wanted to- I wasn't watching. And the second time they went out was for only about 5 minutes because then Seth left with his dad. So it's not my fault you didn't blow stuff up. I just kind of guilted you a bit so that you would make the decision I wanted you to make... that's not too bad, is it? Besides, there's always next year. Or even this year I suppose- they're still selling fireworkss and stuff over on Granny White or somewhere like that. I'm glad you got home ok, Josh. You left and I went into the living room and my mom was like, "yeah, there's a whole big line of storms heading this way. I hope Josh gets home all right." Yeah, thanks mom, big comfort there. But you did get home, and everything is good, so I'm shutting up for now and going to post of your blog because the last post was almost a week ago and it's getting lonely.

 That was the most "but I"s in one paragraph I think I have ever read. Power mirrors are the SHIT! You ever wonder why they call them "power" mirrors? There isn't much "power" behind that. But I guess "moving" mirrors doesn't have all the KAPOW! that " power " has. Fucking psychology for the ignorant. I couldn't, Rosie. Linds was there when there were bottle rockets. She said I could go ahead, but I would have felt bad. She had that, "Fine, but when you do I'm going to hate you" look in here eye. So I didn't go through with it. Man! That would have been the shit! Hopefully Seth will have sm'more! I will cry. It's storming like a bloody motherfucker out there. Lordy, this is scary. I'm going to shut this machine down. Peace, brodas. Stay alive.

 I found something else that I didn't mention, it has power side mirrors, I found these quite fun when I was parallel parking, I couldn't see the curb so I stopped and moved the mirror and got a good view of the curb. and my power locks aren't much fun as most, they don't have a switch, they're just linked directly to the lock on my door, but I do have a window lock, but it doesn't make the cool stereo Klick sound. but I don't have a cd player, o well

 Hey guys, Happy 4th and enjoy the fireworks but Josh, don't put any in your back pocekt anymore k? Love you all and smile, it's sunny.

 Well, goddang, son! T'ain't ev'rday somebody just comes home with a really nice Subaru. I was going to say "Eh? The power locks stuff is for girls." And then I remember I still play with mine when I'm bored. So I guess you nailed it. And you do illustrate a good point. We are the only two classifiable males on this whole damn thing (me probably being more estrogen than androgen, but let's not get into that). That's pretty cool/sad. Not really sad. Just sort of odd. Eh. In times of doubt...say, "eh". Halleujah! Welcome home Will E.

 Whoa, weird new posting options. I love the font sizes: tiny, small, normal size (why does this one have a "size" on it and the others don't?), large, and huge.&nbsp; They aren't numbers like they are everywhere else.&nbsp; But that was definitely not the point of this post.&nbsp; The point was did anyone else get their AP test scores? &nbsp; I got a 4 in everything (US History, Psychology, and English) so I'm fairly happy.&nbsp; It'll get me out of classes just about anywhere I go to school, which is really all I care about.&nbsp; Kind of nice since I didn't bother studying for any of them for more than an hour.&nbsp; Oops...

 Yay haikus! Really bad ones, but mine, nonetheless. urlLink BitterSid's Mega Awesome Haikus.

 Ok, here's mine.&nbsp; It's different first and second semesters and is definitely going to change, but I'll get to that later.&nbsp; Here is my schedule as it stands now: 1st Semester 1) Family and Parenting- Frazier 2) Statistics AP- Stelmaszak 3) English IV Honors - Huddleston (will be changed- probably to Riddle) 4) Study Period- not gifted?!? 5) Calculus Honors- Stelmaszak (hopefully will be changed to Cardwell) 6) Lunch/Homeroom 7) Economics Honors- Gilliland (will be changed to AP!!!) 8) Spreadsheet Applications- Youngman 2nd Semester 1) Same 2) Same 3) Same 4) Contemporary Issues (will probably be changed to 7th) 5) Same 6) Same 7) Audit Psychology AP 8) U.S. Government AP Looks like I've got to talk to Lux, huh?

 well, it's that time again, we should all have our schdules soon and we need to finish those summer reading projects (shut up rosie), so here's my schedule 1st&nbsp; Physics C AP 2nd Stat AP 3rd Macro Econ AP/ US Govern AP 4th Gifted Study 5th Lunch 6th English IV AP 7th Latin III Honors 8th Calc BC AP God, I'm gonna die.&nbsp;

 And I still don't have mine so, RAAUAUUUGHGHH , I hate me. &nbsp; And Will, the only reason you didn't get a 5 is cuz they can't read your fucking writing, son!!! Heheh.

 I don't know if anyone got what Rosie was saying, but here are my scores, with comments; Physics: 5 (I called Kessler and he said he didn't expect any less) US History: 4 (No, Rosie, they didn't mix up the scoring sheetsyou just did better than me, accept it) English: 4 (Here's where they mixed up the grading sheets, except not with you, because I bombed this one) Psychology: 5 (What can I say, Mrs. Hart is a great teacher, but the last essay was a doozie) &nbsp; Congratulations to all those who took AP tests, and kudos to everyone who passed. &nbsp;

 yea... AP scores. Erm. Will's: 5-Physics Rosie's: 3-Physics Will's: 4- English Rosie's: 3-English ... Anyone see a pattern? Ok the rest of them: 5-Calc (Stelmy is a god I tell you) 5-Psychology (wow, my bsing is great) 5- US Hist (they got the score sheet mixed up with Will's (4))

 Ok, so I finally got my schedule changed. Here is my "official" schedule: 1st Semester 1 Family and Parenting- Frazier 2 Stats AP- Stelmy 3 Calculus Honors- Cardwell 4 Econ AP- Wade 5 Web Design 6 Lunch 7 Study Hall 8 English 2nd Semester 1-3 Same 4 Government AP- Norris 5 Lunch 6 Creative Writing 7-8 Same

 Dudes. I would publish mine but I don't have it here. I do know that I have guitar first period, and english 2nd. And chemistry 3rd, I think. I don't really know, it's not here in front of me. Last period of second semester I have guv'ment. Yes, Linds, I know I'm supposed to be in bed, but I got a trileptal buzz and I can't do it. Har har, this shit is great. And while I'm in such a weird mood, I wanted to let you all know that I got a 5 on the English AP exam, so eat it&nbsp; :)&nbsp; j/k. I'll never do that good again. But yes. Very strange, that. It's a very strange night, I'm going to regret being so boastful in the morning. Not trying to, but...you know. Sometimes these things just happen. I thought I'd die on that one. Eh. Actually, I thought I'd die on U.S. history, but I got a 4 so it's all good. I'm going to shut up now and find some place to fall over, peace all.

 as for the first one, certainly, as for the second, It doesn't matter one iota to me, you and josh are the only ones who really know her

 Ok, so I was just thinking, and you don't really have to say yes, it's just an opinion thing. (Wow, can you tell I have self-esteem issues, geez.) Two questions: 1) What do yall think about putting Becca on the blog? She does seem to be a rather big part of our lives, and quite frankly it just might liven up the blog a little bit. 2) What do you think about taking Abby off the blog? She isn't exactly contributing anymore, and I don't know about yall (ok, probably nobody else but Josh) I don't like her being able to see everything that's going on while she's in this little anti-Lindsey mood that she's currently in. I also wanted to note that the URL of the blog will be changing here in a few days as soon as I get some inspiration for the same reason. Anyone have ideas? Ok, just wondering. Please post your opinion ASAP or it may just not get counted.

 well here you go; something there I said something. but anyway, I feel miffed, you didn't invite me to spend the night, see if I help you with calc, econ, and stat. :-P Oh well, that aside, the back bedroom is clean so you can just start living over here, josh don't get jealous, she's not gonna leave you for me. anyway, after pissing off lindsey and josh, i guess it's rosie's turn, but since she doesn't seem to actually be here...aw well as if that has ever stopped me before. you're just setting yourself up to be hurt, but you're not gonna listen to me so I don't know why I'm even saying this. now I don't believe I've left anybody out, but if I have just start screaming at me and I'll rectify the situation. wow, I just read back over my post and I came to the conclusion that I'm a jerk, someone throw something at me.

 Ok, seriously people, someone say something. This is one seriously boring blog. And let's not even start on the subject of Josh's poor blog, which has been neglected for almost a full week.

