 I hope she packs her long undies!

 DAMN! IT'S COLD!

 There were 10, now 9, teams that are undefeated in Division I basketball... TEAM W - L CONFERENCE Pittsburgh 15 - 0 Big East Stanford 12 - 0 Pacific-10 Saint Joseph's 12 - 0 Atlantic-10 Vanderbilt 12 - 0 Southeastern Creighton 11 - 0 Missouri Valley Wake Forest 10 - 0 Atlantic Coast Cincinnati 10 - 0 Conference USA Oklahoma 10 - 0 Big 12

 A couple of years ago Edgewood elected a mayor who stole thousands of dollars from the borough & is pretty much getting away with it, all at the expense of its residence. So in order to raise the money that was stolen from the borough, officials are making us pay for things that we shouldn't have to pay for. For instance, I was notified yesterday that I will now have to pay $36 dollars to park in front of my house. True it's not a lot of money. The reason I'm upset is because we were not asked to vote on this. And why should I have to pay to park in front of my house? Yes, they did hold a meeting, but there was absolutely no reason to be there, because they were going to instigate this fee regardless of anything we said. Nevermind the cops look away when members of the club (right around the corner from my house) park illegally & make it very dangerous for me to turn off my street. No they just like to target the people that live there & pay the taxes.

 Remember in elementary school when you would make snowflakes out of paper & the end result would be about the size of a paper? Well I use to think that was the size of actual snowflakes. In my mind snow was little, snowflakes were huge & not the same thing. I'm from Southern California, how would I have known any better? One time, we took a drive up Mt. San Jacinto & my brother, Mike, yelled out, "I think I see a snowflake!" Me, I was looking for something drifting down from the sky the size of an 8 x 11 sheet of paper. I was so bummed when I never saw it. It wasn't until *ahem* my second year in college that I finally realized snowflakes & snow were the same thing & that they weren't the size of paper. You can stop laughing now!

 I start my urlLink class , Univariate Statistics, next Wednesday. I'm nervous...

 Last time I updated you we were in the midst of a heat wave, as far as heat waves go in Pennsylavnia during the month of January. Sadly, the heat wave is over... Calm... Fri - Showers 55/51 Sat - Showers 61/39 Sun - Showers 43/31 Mon - Snow Showers 37/24 Storm... Tue - Snow Showers 26/8 (ouch, I hate single digits...) Wed - Snow Showers 13/5 (Help! I hate single digits even more when they are accompanied by numbers in the teens!)

 School Record Conference Pittsburgh 14-0 Big East Saint Joseph's 11-0 Atlantic 10 (AL says, "i think that we can be undefeated this season!" That's what I like to hear, aim high Buddy!) Georgetown 10-0 Big East Oklahoma 10-0 Big 12 Wake Forest 9-0 Atlantic Coast

 It's today & he's 19! His stats from his game today? 18 pts; 9 rebounds. urlLink GRR!

 Forecast for the next couple of days: Friday - Showers 55/51 Saturday - Showers 61/39 Sunday - Showers 43/31 Can someone remind me of the month & season please? Or maybe I'm not in Pittsburgh anymore...

 I absolutely LOVE the full length mirror in the bathroom at work. It makes me look tall & skinny! I must re-create this at home.

 You know, the Chris Kattan character on Saturday Night Live? People see him & then they can't get him out of their minds. I'm experiencing that & it sucks!

 it's back to the grind tomorrow...where did the time off go?

 - managed to get 7 free tickets to a sold out basketball game from the athletic director (thanks so much Mr. DiJulia!) - saw a gangsta looking guy with a lovely pastel pink New York Yankees hat, with matching pastel pink shoelaces - cheered St. Joe's to victory (they are undefeated & I swore to myself that I was going to curse them & cause them to lose by showing up.) - decided I didn't drive enough that day already, so I drove to Virginia On Monday Cherie & I took... - 4 preteen girls & Mikey ice skating - then to Wendy's...and we survived!

 Best wishes to you & your family & friends for a wonderful & prosperous 2004!

 name: mirm global location: the pitts age: 27 dob: middle of june

 aim: urlLink mirmacidal yim: mirmacidal e-mail: urlLink mirm@comcast.net

 urlLink my back pages urlLink http://beth.ownsu.net urlLink cher bear urlLink insert witty title here urlLink not so deep thoughts urlLink brent.ownsu.net (beth's bro) urlLink dave barry --> urlLink spam poetry urlLink ...some random blog... hopefully it'll be in english

 urlLink dark throne (you should click this everyday!) urlLink mirm's quotes urlLink my photo album urlLink court tv message board urlLink dave barry message board urlLink dave barry's column urlLink d3 hoops urlLink dave matthews band urlLink espn scoreboard

 urlLink steelers urlLink hawks urlLink vulcans

 [date]

 [college...]

 urlLink urlLink 16-feb-04

 urlLink dashboard confessional - a mark, a mission, a brand, a scar - swiss army romance shrek 2 - soundtrack switchfoot - the beautiful letdown no doubt - the singles 1992-2003 dave matthews band - the central park concert barenaked ladies - everything to everyone maroon 5 - songs about jane dave matthews - some devil john mayer - heavier things

 urlLink yipee!

 Three people I know have been in some type of accident in the last 2 days. CES: Lady ran a light & he T'd her! Needs a new front end, thankfully everyone is all right. Nelly: Got hit while crossing the street. No broken bones, but is in an air cast for three weeks. CJ: Swerved to miss a car that slammed on his brakes & hit a tree, totaling his car. He's okay. Can't walk anywhere, can't drive anywhere...EEK!



 I was just about to leave when I saw a clip for an upcoming segment on the news about a guy who proposed to his girlfriend at a basketball game, or some indoor sporting event, & she said no. I personally have always thought that public marriage proposals were a cowardly. I mean, what girl would say no in front of several, or in this case, thousands of people. Apparently this girl didn't care. I wish I could find a link & read the entire story, but alas, I cannot.

 The cast: Pam - Receptionist Will - Head of the custodial department Max - (making up the name) Custodian who came to talk to Will Pam : Can I help you? Max : I'm here to see Will. Pam : Do you have an appointment. Max : No Pam : Hold on, let me see if he's available. ::checks to see if he's available:: Somewhere between finding out if Will was available & Will emerging from his office, Pam looses track of Max. Max has, in fact, has gone to sit in the conference room, which is next to Pam's desk, in ear shot of whatever Pam says. Pam : Hey Will! I thought that guy was fired! Will : Yes, but he hasn't gotten the letter. What a way to find out you've been fired.

 But I swear I could watch this urlLink video all day & not tire of it. Warning: The F-Bomb is dropped a few times. But, if we play by the FCC rules, it's quite alright because it isn't describing the act!

 Cingular is looking at acquiring AT&T? My urlLink prayers have been answered. Before I celebrate I should see what changes they'll make & when.

 Why is my Green Tea not green ?

 So I was driving Laurel home this evening & she was commenting on the fact that the team hates each other. But, she went even further than my analysis...she commented on the fact not only is it hurting the team physically (they are always beating up on each other, literally) but she made the observation that it's affecting the team mentally. I was quite impressed with her logic & her ability to explain her thoughts, feelings & opinions so clearly. She said it better than I could have which leads me to conclude that I cannot be related to her.

 I bit the bullet & took my car into Firestone to see what wrong. I got the call back & it was my brakes & rotors. I've had my brakes replaced twice since I got my car in June, 2001. The first time my brakes went bad I heard squealing coming home from work on a Wednesday & had it in the shop on Friday morning. The second time, my brakes started squealing on a Thursday & I got them fixed the next day. My cousin, who likes to exaggerate, has told me these horror stories of spending over $500 to get rotors replaced, so in my attempt not to have spend that much money I've made it a point to get them in the minute I hear squealing. This time there was no squealing. I asked the Firestone guy why there was no squealing before my I started breaking into my rotors. He said that a pebble or rock can knock the sensors off & therefore they are rendered useless. And lucky me, this is, apparently, what happened on both of my front wheels. My next question was, how am I suppose to know when my brakes are going bad if I don't get my warning squeal. He said, when you get your tires rotated they should check the brake pads. Last time I went to Firestone to get an oil change when I wasn't quoted $800, I was told by Firestone that since I bought my tires from them, they rotated my tires for free. They never mentioned my brakes needing to be fixed. I just can't win.

 I was thinking today about several players that I have seen, in various sports, that have not let size be a deciding factor in how they play. elementary... Jordan was a kid on my basketball team last year. He was our smallest player by far, in both height & weight, on the team, if not in the league. He never let that bother him. I noticed this especially when we played at the urlLink Deaf School . Most of the time the teams we play are about a year or two older, which means, for the most part they are a lot taller. Jordan honestly saw no difference in size at all. If there was a loose ball, he was there diving for it. On many occasions he'd out rebound kids twice his height. The best though, was when one of his shots would get blocked, one of his passes picked off, or if he lost a rebound battle & was unceremoniously thrown to the ground, he would get up with this pissed off look on his face & go after the ball. (It was adorable.) high school... Eugene Jarvis is another individual who will not let his size get to him. At 5'6" tall he was the urlLink Pittsburgh Post-Gazette's urlLink Player of the Year . I guess in this instance Jarvis, who plays for Central Catholic High School, his size has been used to his advantage. As a running back his speed & small stature make it easy to get by various defenders. I have to wonder though if he or his parents ever thought, "He's just too small!" college... urlLink Jameer Nelson is a 5'11" guard for the Hawks of Saint Joseph's. According to an urlLink ESPN article on Nelson, he was told by his baseball coach that he would never make it in basketball because he was too short. Instead of believing that, he made it is life goal to excel in his favorite sport. Now, he's being looked at by many NBA scout. But will his size affect his play, some often wonder. Yesterday, as well as the rest of the season, should be an indication that it won't. One of his many spectacular plays he got the ball at the baseline, drove to the basket & in the process of shooting was fouled by Keith Butler (body checked more like it) a 7'1" center. He made the shot & wasn't at all intimidated by the height of the defender. This proves he's capable of going up against big men. He also had 9 rebounds. professional... urlLink Hines Ward . He's fun to watch simply because he doesn't let his size get to him. A wide receiver for the Pittsburgh Steelers, he never seems worried about getting tackled & often is the instigator. Most wide receivers often run to the sideline once they catch the ball, but I swear Hines would rather have a little contact. He's just a little guy at 6'0" & I've seen & heard some of the hits he taken.

 I have no idea why. Or maybe I do. In my opinion its a boy v. girl thing. I've analyzed the situation in my mind & came to the conclusion that it's because they are exiting the "cooties" stage & entering the "I like girls/guys" stage. But, for fear of being teased by their friends, the boys won't admit they like girls & therefore continue to torment them. The girls torment because often times that what girls do. IMHO. It's really getting to me. Instead of saying, hey I should be getting rebounds & or making good passes, they look across the way & say, so & so shouldn't be shooting 3-pointers or so & so won't do this. We probably have the best team in the league, but we've dropped half of our games because we can't get along.

 My car is acting funny again. I think I'll convert to Amishism. They probably don't have half the problems with their mode of transportation.



 You can urlLink bid to be the proud owner of that number! Edited to add: Okay, so someone was selling their 867-5309 phone number. Bidding was up to $85,000. Apparently the phone company wasn't too thrilled about this & maybe this is why the auction is no longer up.

 - Philly Cheese steaks from places such as Uncle Sam's Subs in Pittsburgh, are better than those found in downtown Philadelphia. Who knew! - Eating Clementine's while driving is not a good idea, unless you want to stop periodically to use the restroom. - America seems to be way too fascinated with erectile dysfunction.

 I had a dream last night that I went to get a tattoo. The one I originally chose, was a tattoo that said "Merry Christmas." I later decided that a Merry Christmas tattoo probably wasn't a good idea. When I finally decided on a Chinese rose tattoo, I decided again getting one period. I can't stand needles!

 Woke up this morning, went out to my car & saw a suspicious white paper on my windshield. "Surly," I said to myself, "that can't be a parking ticket." It was. "What's the point of having a parking permit if they aren't going to check for it." Again, I said to myself. So I got to work & called. I told the officer that answered that I got a parking ticket even though I have a Parking Permit. He instructed me to call back later, because he didn't have a list of people who had permits. I called back & told him I had called earlier about a ticket & was asked to call back when the office opened. He didn't do anything. Hmm, okay, I'll continue. "Do I talk to you or the office?" "What's the problem?" he asked, none to nice. He talked down to me as if it was my fault Officer #703 couldn't see my permit, which is place exactly where they told me to put it. I should tell Pops! He'd give 'em hell!

 Montrose Christian 58, Grace Brethren 28 PVAC Champions First ever Middle School Championship @ Montrose!

 urlLink Kleiza is urlLink out for the rest of the season due to a dislocated shoulder. Do I still have to follow Missouri? Cuz I really can't stand the urlLink head coach's hair. He reminds me of a used car salesman. But that strictly my personal visual opinion, I mean, I haven't even met the guy, he could be the sweetest! I'm kidding, I'll still follow them. You follow one, you follow them all!

 Beat that! Does this mean I get to drive 6,000-10,000 miles before my next oil change?

 Last night was the first night that all streets in Edgewood went to NO PARKING BETWEEN 3 AM & 5 AM. So yesterday I went & got my parking permit & told them that my car was in the shop & I was borrowing someone's car. I was told I'd have to call it in. I went home got the license plate number & called it in. This morning, there was a ticket on the car. Come on! What's the point of calling it in if you aren't going to check the list? Reminds me of the time I got a parking ticket & paid for it. Three months later I get a call saying that if I didn't pay an outstanding ticket they were going to increase it from $10 to $350 dollars. So I drove, 1 hour, I was at school, to show them my receipt. The cop guy was real cocky to when I told him that I apparently had an outstanding ticket. That cockiness was gone so fast when I showed him my receipt. Unorganization, much!

 1 years old today!

 In an attempt to boost the economy, PennDot has decided to not fill the infinite number of pothole (some are big enough to do damage to a semi!) that are plaguing Pennsylvania's roads & highways. Their reasoning is simple, by not repairing roads, many drivers will have to fork over hundreds of dollars to repair tires, rims & in some cases bumpers. (CJ's bumper, apparently is being held on by a rope.) See, it makes perfect sense! We shall refrain from discussing GM's role in stimulating the economy, one intake gasket at a time...

 Take a urlLink look . Some pictures are new, some are old.

 urlLink Coach Cowher & I thought we'd check out the Central Catholic v. Fox Chapel basketball last night! urlLink Mike Clark & I decided to check out the St. Maurice game this afternoon.

 Have you ever seen the SNL clip about the IT guy who gets exasperated when people ask him how to do things on their computers? I use to think that click was overdone, until I went to work at Pitt & met Nick, our IT guy. My first encounter with Nick was to ask him to allow me access on a option on the companies database. Larry, the guy who was with me said, "Nick Miriam Needs to have access to the Funding Report!" "The Funding Listing Report???" He said with a bit of disgust & confusion as if he had no clue what we were talking about. Keep in mind that was the name of the link on the switchboard database. He finally pulled his head out of his bottom & gave me access. Now I fancy myself as a likeable person, easy to get along with & pretty laid back. I had just switched computers & my e-mail wasn't set up on my new one. So I asked him, "When you have time could you set up the e-mail on my computer!" You'd have thought I asked him to redo the entire Facilities Management database. (Picture a spastic Chihuahua while reading his reaction!) "LOOK, I'M REALLY BUSY RIGHT NOW SO I CAN'T DO IT. WHEN I HAVE SOME FREE TIME I'LL GET TO IT." I have only ever been in one heated argument & even then I made mental notes to myself not to raise my voice & listen & remain calm, not all that hard mind you, see the laid back comment. So I guess heated wasn't the best adjective. Anyway, it took every ounce of strength not to just slap this guy & scream "CALM DOWN! I SAID WHEN YOU GET A CHANCE!" But I remained calm & walked away. Chi Chi, the nice IT guy, came later on & set-up my e-mail. My second encounter with nick was last December when I started my new job. He decided to overhaul the e-mail system, during business hours. Not the brightest thing to do. Anyway, I needed access to my e-mail account as well as the Work Control e-mail account, this is where I get all the information I need to open & schedule jobs. I got my regular e-mail account set up, but not WC. I made my boss aware of it. Nothing happened. I made Chi Chi aware of it, but since it was a Nick thing, he could do nothing. Meanwhile, I'm getting behind in my work. I complain to my boss again, on the third day & he calls Nick again to tell him I need access. I go back to my office & check the e-mail system & see that it's working, just as my boss tells me Nick is coming down to check it. I was like Fan-static! I get to see Nick. He comes down, mumbling to himself & I told him it was working now. Of course I looked like an idiot, like I had no clue what I was talking about earlier, but I knew he had just given me the permission to access that account, I'm not stupid. He walks away, throws his hands in the air & say, "Humph! Of course it does!" I literally ran after him, I was so mad! Lucky for him, the receptionist held me back! (Haha, just kidding, I restrained myself.) I let my voice be heard though & complained up a storm to the people who would listen. The funny thing is, no one in the office likes this person, including upper management. He has had harassment complaints filed against him with HR. He complains about having to help people with computer problems &/or refuses to change things, both of which are part of his job. I wonder why he's still there. Yesterday I was having problems with our database & I didn't contact Nick, I called with Chi Chi. When I hung up the phone I thought, something's wrong here. Nick's in charge, he should be the first person of contact, but no one does. Get this, his getting his MBA, because he wants to be in management. I really feel for the people who might have to work under him. I honestly think that SNL clip's author had to have worked in Facilities. And he didn't even change the name of the character for SNL, he kept it as Nick.

 Every Thursday I attend a meeting with the Foreman of each of the trades that I schedule jobs for. Apparently, before the presence of a female, the meetings were very "bad." Since I've been there, apparently, the meetings have been much shorter & the boys, er, men, have been on their very best behavior. I've been given some suggestion on how to be "one of the guys," none that I have taken seriously. Sorry Bill, I will not "let one rip" during the meeting. But next week, I think I'm going to start the meeting by having story time. It'll be an educational book, that will also help to ease the tension I have created. What do you urlLink think ?

 How urlLink freaky ! I literally was staring at the screen with my mouth hanging open.

 Waterbuffalos! Don't ask, but it's the unofficial name for the youth basketball team on coach. Why use the generic "tan" team, when we can elicit stares & perplexed expressions with the name Waterbuffalos. I have a team of ten, 5 girls & five boys, perfect for a perfectionist like me. At the beginning of each season there is a draft. This is how mine went: Automatically got Laurel because her dad's the coach. With Laurel came her best friend Rachel. Lauren, requested to be on my team & Maria came along two because her dad was helping out with the younger tan team, another one of my uncle's teams. So right away, I had 4 girls. Then we got Julia, through a process of elimination; she could only practice on Thursdays & that the day we were practicing. Luke I got with a first round draft pick. Tyler was our "secret" weapon. We knew he was good, but no one else knew who he was & we purposely didn't have him show up for draft pick day. We got him because, we were going to be giving him a ride to the games. (We being, my Uncle.) Clayton we got through a regular draft pick, as well as Josh. Our final team member showed up to practice & said, "Hey, I'm on your team." I quite enjoy my team, there a lot of different personalities. This is not to say I'm not pulling my hair out during practice because I've heard, "Can we play elimination now?" for the 1,000th time. The age is an awkward age. I categorize it as the stage where the line between cooties & crushes is crossed. Most of the guys I think are starting to like girls, but won't admit it because they have cooties. The girls, well, I don't think girls ever think guys have cooties, so they just like to pester the guys. This is what I'm up against during practice! Anyway, one of the concerns I've had coaching a co-ed team in this age group is the physical aspect. I think some of the girls are very intimidated playing with guys & therefore back off instead of taking on the challenge. I was proved wrong this last weekend. We went up against the Blue team. One of the kids on the team is huge, in both height & weight. I'm talking HUGE! He'll be a good ball player someday, he's already got Linas's spin move down underneath, deadly if you ask me. Anyway, he played in the center & my team was playing a 2-1-2 offense with Laurel & Josh as the bottom two & Rachel in the center. So Hugeboy is being "guarded" by Rachel & Laurel. Not a good match up & I admit it, but our tallest was needed to keep the offenses guard under control. Given the situation, Laurel did better than I could have expected. Shocked the pants off of me. I'm not saying that she held Hugeboy to 0 points, but she guarded him well. Trying to get it in the minds of kids, who have been told all their lives not to take toys away from other kids or to steal, that they can fight for the ball & steal it was a challenge I faces last year. After a simple drill, that all changed. After the first couple of games I thought for sure that I would have to revisit this drill, but was apprehensive because I thought for sure the some of the girls would literally be thrown to the ground. Well during Saturday's game Laurel found herself up against Hugeboy in a 1-on-1 fight for the ball. I thought for sure Hugeboy would win. He didn't! Laurel came away with the ball. Again, shocked the pants off of me! I swear I heard he growl "Back off buster" before he let go of the ball, but that may have just been my imagination. Maybe I'll teach them that next practice... A little while later, in the game, Rachel had her opportunity to go up against Hugeboy. Rachel has improved so much in the two years I have coached her. She does have a tendency, though, to, when faced with lots of pressure, fall to the ground or sometimes be thrown to the ground. So I immediately thought, this isn't going to be good. She came away with the ball! So my thinking about my "fragile" girls is a little flawed. I was so incredibly proud of them yesterday, actually my entire team. Laurel was the leading rebounder for both teams, she made it look way to easy. Not to mention her & Rachel's fight with Goliath & subsequent win. Josh, while he still only stands in one place, seems to have a good eye for the game & came away with several steals. Josh & Tyler stepped up their game with incorporating screens. And they all played every minute of the game, because we had no subs! Go WATERBUFFALOS!

 Innocently went to get an oil change for my car & a system flush (or something like that) & they come back saying I have a blown gasket & it'll cost $800 to fix. Firestone said they've done 10 of these in the last week & that it's because of a poor design in this type of GM engine. The firestone guy (who told me he started out just liking shoes & now has a fetish) said that they had a guy in last week who had a 2003 Malibu, with 18,000 miles on it when this happened. Beware Stallion & my brother car!

 Has passed away...sniff sniff!

 Imagine if you will being in a room, with no windows to the outside & the power goes out! Oh & add eight 9-10 year olds to that mix. Oh & some of them are afraid of the dark! Very afraid. This is the situation I was in two practices ago. I was observing as my team started a 4-on-4 intersquad scrimmage when the lights flickered & then all was dark. When something scary happens & there are young girls in the room, what the one thing that always happens? Screaming! So my girls were screaming, hey they were scare & they couldn't see anything. The jerk of a coach that we shared the gym with on Thursdays had the nerve to yell at the girls to SHUT UP! Did I mention he was a jerk. So the lights are out & no one can see anything & my team is wondering where I was so they could grasp on to an appendage for some security. I used the Indiglo light button on my watch as a beacon to my players & immediately they grasped. Several parents used any electronic devices they had to shed some light: cell phones & laptops. So with little light we had she shuffled toward the door that leads to the stairs. SHUFFLE SHUFFLE SHUFFLE Julia was leading the way. No one saw the ladder laying down next to our feet & when Julia ran into it, more screams erupted. At this point I have one girl crying, one girl freaking out & one boy cutting the circulation off on the arm of Mikey, the assistant coach. Me, I was laughing! Lauren, who had come to practice late & in an hurried attempt to change out of her clothes, had clothes & shoes thrown all over the place. I got to locate them. Tyler, as soon as the lights went out grabbed for Mikey's arm causing him to drop Rachel's basketball. He also had thrown one of his gloves to the side of the court during warm-ups. So when we finally got to the top of the stairs we were already down a basketball & a glove. After shuffling up the stairs, we did a quick head count to make sure that all the kids had made it up the stairs alive. Everyone had someone there to leave the building with except for Josh, so I volunteered to stay with him, toward the front of the school, till his mom came to pick him up. Everyone else left by way of the back door. When we got to the front of the school, I swear, I felt like I was in the movie E.T. when the NASA people come into Elliots house & find them laying on the bathroom floor. Except in this instance they weren't NASA people they were the Edgewood, Swissvale & Rankin Fire Departments! Apparently a transformer blew & as a result a live wire was down in front of the school, so no one was allowed to leave. And guess who was there: Josh's mom! ARGH! We could have snuck out the back with the others & been home by now! ARGH! Mikey was worried about food, so I presented him with a cookie, that he contemplated rationing. We listened to the firemen as they secured the situation. They were threatening arrest to anyone who attempted to leave the building! Mikey & I were convinced we could take them on! We had at least one basketball, we could chuck it at them & then run the opposite way! Yeah, we could take them! We ended up in the auditorium of the school, where there were about 150 people there for book bingo. I at this point, did understand why I couldn't leave, my car was parked away from the live wire, but, I was a good citizen & just waited. At one point I thought for sure we were going to be put under Marshall law. There were two entrances in the back of the auditorium & I swear, at the exact same time, two firemen came & stood in the doorways. I looked to the front of the auditorium & there was a fireman or two on stage & one blocking the side exit. I just knew we were going to be held hostage. Finally they let the people who were parked on the side street go. That was me! So we ran to my car, it was cold & Laurel didn't have any pants on. Why this girl insists on wearing shorts in single digit degree weather is beyond me. When the lights went out, my Uncle was coaching at the neighboring Deaf School & since his car was parked on the street that the live wire was on I knew he wasn't going anywhere, so we headed over to the deaf school to find him. He wasn't there. So we went home. (I should note, that I didn't have my cell phone with me at all. The one time I forgot it!) I called my aunts & she hadn't heard from him. I called Lauren's house, her mom had taken 4 of the players, there was no answer. I called Rachel's house, no answer. We finally met up with my uncle at his house. He apparently had snuck around & was right to his car when the fireman stopped him & yelled at him for being near a live wire. He made them wait for half an hour till they decided he could leave. It was a very interesting night!

 Yesterday Pops received a phone call from a friend he grew up with, Evelyn. I guess they were neighbors & Pops dated her older sister briefly. They have kept in touch all this time. During the course of the conversation, Evelyn told Pops she had a question from her sister, why did he stop dating her? They had dated almost 70 years ago! I told Pops that I think she still had a crush on him! In case you were wondering, Pops was only 17 at the time & said he was shy & too young.

 1. I put a cup of water in the microwave. I forgot to take out the tube & it exploded. 2. I put a cup of water in the microwave. When I took it out, I put the tube in & I swear (Laurel was there, she can vouch) the water just exploded/shot out of the cup. I thought the tube exploded again, but no, tube was intact.

 name: mirm global location: the pitts age: 27 dob: middle of june

 aim: urlLink mirmacidal yim: mirmacidal e-mail: urlLink mirm@comcast.net

 urlLink my back pages urlLink http://beth.ownsu.net urlLink cher bear urlLink insert witty title here urlLink not so deep thoughts urlLink brent.ownsu.net (beth's bro) urlLink dave barry --> urlLink spam poetry urlLink ...some random blog... hopefully it'll be in english

 urlLink dark throne (you should click this everyday!) urlLink mirm's quotes urlLink my photo album urlLink court tv message board urlLink dave barry message board urlLink dave barry's column urlLink d3 hoops urlLink dave matthews band urlLink espn scoreboard

 urlLink steelers urlLink hawks urlLink vulcans

 [date]

 [college...]

 urlLink urlLink 16-feb-04

 urlLink dashboard confessional - a mark, a mission, a brand, a scar - swiss army romance shrek 2 - soundtrack switchfoot - the beautiful letdown no doubt - the singles 1992-2003 dave matthews band - the central park concert barenaked ladies - everything to everyone maroon 5 - songs about jane dave matthews - some devil john mayer - heavier things

 There were a couple of reasons I took time off: 1. I had a Friday off so I figured I'd relax the entire week; you know, sleep in. 2. I was gaining weight, despite my best attempts to keep it of. During the second week, I noticed I lost 5 pounds. 3. Sleeping in...did I mention that already. Now that bathing suit/short season is rapidly approaching (can you believe it's almost April?) I figured I better get back to my routine.

 First bug bite of the season. Wonder if it's from biking.

 That's my goal for the summer or for before summer starts. When I get it, everyone's invited over for ribs (chicken too)!





 Kentucky, the #1 of #1's was unceremoniously shown the door in another shocking upset. HA! Guess Saint Joseph's wasn't the most vulnerable #1 & the predicted first #1 to lose! HA! Hahahahahahahaha to all the nay-sayers! Okay, back to being good...where's my halo?

 Stanford lost! That's going to screw up a lot of peoples NCAA polls. Especially Laurel's, she had them losing to Kentucky* in the final round. * She actually had Saint Joseph's winning the entire thing, but changed it because she was told that she was thinking with her heart & not logically. So she changed it to Kentucky!

 ::evil grin::-->Being good...

 Why, when walking by the railroad tracks home, do I always get nervous when an Amtrak train goes zooming by? I mean, they've had such an outstanding record, hardly any derailments!

 If you drink green beer will your urine be blue?

 I can't believe my little brother is 17...

 Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday dear [ insert preferred name here ] (jonathan, jon, jona, jonabear, killer, speets, sandman) Happy birthday to you!

 Dick Vitale is annoying! If I'm watching a game & he's commentating (I wouldn't call it that though) you can at times find me yelling "SHUT UP" at the TV screen, baby.

 Another urlLink friendly wager , only this time with myself... I am betting myself that by July 4, 2004 Mikey will be taller than his older brother Ben. Name:

 I had a rant about the commentators commenting on the St. Joe's game & I lost it! I found it...but I guess it's irrelevant now: Okay, so Saint Joseph's lost, bad, to Xavier. It's the talk of ESPN, "#1 ranked St. Joe's looses by 20!" Yeah, they lost & I'm unhappy, borderline depressed. But I'm pissed off even more about comments that I have heard about the team. Would you allow me to vent, please? Woody something or other, on ESPN has know all along that SJU didn't have a good team. They "had a weak schedule" & "this loss proves they aren't good." Okay, they lost one game, albeit a very important game & by 20, but it's one game. Only one other team in the league has only lost one game. In your opinion they had a weak schedule. What, in your opinion, were they suppose to do then, play half-assed, loose? I can see it now: Coach Martelli: Guys, we have a weak schedule. So our wins won't mean anything. So just go half-assed. Hell, we'll even have a "Left hand only night"* to ensure we loose! CRIMINY! Instead of berating the team for having, in your opinion, a weak schedule, praise the team for playing their hardest every time they stepped on the court. A couple of things about scheduling games. First of all, coaches want to have tough games to challenge their players. However, just because I want to play schools like Duke, doesn't mean I'm going to get too. Secondly, games are scheduled every two years. I guarantee you if half the teams in the top 25 knew that St. Joe's was going to go undefeated in the 2003-04 regular season they would have scheduled to play them, just so they could possibly be the team to hand them their first lost. Vitale even said that schools like St. Joe's & Gonzaga don't get looked at by the bigger schools because they are afraid of losing to these unknowns. So enough with the week schedule argument! There's a tremendous amount of pressure on these athletes to perform great every game, even more to go undefeated. SJU welcomed the pressure & performed well during the season. There were close games & blowouts, but every time they played with class. These commentators are predicting that SJU will go down the first round of the Big Dance! I can't wait till next week when they can prove them wrong. Just remember, "The Hawk will never die!" For now, I'm having a couple for AL! Haha, I crack myself up. Two of the starters are left handed! Haha! Okay, I'm cutting myself off!

 urlLink sniff sniff

 Have a great day! My earliest childhood memory was when we went to visit my sister. I was sitting behind my mom, my brother behind my dad, driving up a windy, uphill road. We got to the agency & Claudia showed us where my new sister was. I remember seeing her in a crib, in a room with other babies in cribs. I at some point wondered if we could choose which baby we wanted, but later, I found out we couldn't, not that I minded!

 Eight seconds left, in my rugrats semi-final basketball game last night, & we are down by 1. We steal the ball at half court, but get swarmed upon by the defenders & can't set up for a last second shot. I should have called a time out...

 I found this urlLink article about a 22-year old lady finding a thumb, with part of the nail, in her salad. Naturally I posted it on the CTV Message board & here are the responses the article got: - A digital meal... I've heard it all now! - It's not good consumer relations to give them the finger. - Critics have given the place the thumbs down. - I bet she didn't leave a tip of any kind. - Yeah, we really nailed this one. (In response to Hahaha...you guys are too much! - Perhaps she has a lisp? She asked for "some" salad and the waiter heard "thumb" thalad. - She was probably always a nail biter.

 Did anyone catch CSI last night? Grissom was sent just a head that was found in a small backwards town in Nevada. They found the body, buried up to his chest in a wooded area. Sap was poured on his head to attracted bugs & his face was cut to attract bears. Could you imagine? Other way I do not want to die: - buried alive (I'm claustrophobic) - drowning (had 1 or 2 close encounters) - anything involving torture, like above (I've read to many books) - burning alive I guess, pretty much if I go, I want it to be in my sleep like my aunt, not screaming like the passengers in her car! Seriously though, I want it to be quick & painless. But then again, doesn't everyone?

 Well they did it. Saint Joseph's finished the regular season undefeated @ 27-0! It means a lot, but we really haven't accomplished anything. We haven't won any championships. ~ Jameer Nelson

 I have next friday off! Anybody wanna rent me?

 What I would love to see on American Idol is some of the "talent," (especially Britney Spears) that they market to us today & see how far they make it & what Simon has to say about them.



 name: mirm global location: the pitts age: 27 dob: middle of june

 aim: urlLink mirmacidal yim: mirmacidal e-mail: urlLink mirm@comcast.net

 urlLink my back pages urlLink http://beth.ownsu.net urlLink cher bear urlLink insert witty title here urlLink not so deep thoughts urlLink brent.ownsu.net (beth's bro) urlLink dave barry --> urlLink spam poetry urlLink ...some random blog... hopefully it'll be in english

 urlLink dark throne (you should click this everyday!) urlLink mirm's quotes urlLink my photo album urlLink court tv message board urlLink dave barry message board urlLink dave barry's column urlLink d3 hoops urlLink dave matthews band urlLink espn scoreboard

 urlLink steelers urlLink hawks urlLink vulcans

 [date]

 [college...]

 urlLink urlLink 16-feb-04

 urlLink dashboard confessional - a mark, a mission, a brand, a scar - swiss army romance shrek 2 - soundtrack switchfoot - the beautiful letdown no doubt - the singles 1992-2003 dave matthews band - the central park concert barenaked ladies - everything to everyone maroon 5 - songs about jane dave matthews - some devil john mayer - heavier things

 Salada (100% Green Tea, Fine Quality, Natural Green Tea, Traditional, From the Orient) Sucks! I think I'll stick to Celestial Seasoning...

 There is nothing I hate more than hearing people chewing their food! It rates up there with dragging your nails on a chalkboard in my opinion. For awhile now, two other ladies & I would go out to lunch once a week. Recently, one of my male co-workers has joined us. He likes to chew with his mouth open & none to quiet I may add. Yesterday I was going absolutely batty as he was standing in my office, chewing an apple, a noisy piece of food to begin with, mouth open, making more noise than a fret train! I was seriously having convulsions.

 Scrambled urlLink eggs anyone?

 Last Friday, I got to hold a baby that was 6 hours old... I didn't even get to hold my little brother when he was 6 hours old. Nope, we had to gaze at him through the hospital window.

 This afternoon I got a phone call from another friend I hadn't spoke to in ages!

 I just got an e-mail from a friend I had in high school! I've been trying for forever to find her & she found me! It's a great way to end the work week & start the weekend!

 Today was bring your son or daughter to work day. My thoughts on this idea: stellar. However, there should be some rules set in place before one brings their kids. Rule #1: You child must be aware that they are entering a place of business & they must act accordingly. With that being said, children under a certain age should not attend. Rule #2: If you bring your child, you should not let said child lose to run about the building. You should remind your child(ren) to use their indoor voices. No, those rules aren't aimed at any particular co-worker in particular; I swear! You're not buying it are you. Here's a brief description of some of the kids I saw: Will son Will Jr.: First words out of his mouth: I'm the boss today! Will Jr. is in the second grade & wears a size 8 shoe. I repeat the kid is 8 & wears a size 8 (in men) shoe! He was very well behaved. Ben's son: I didn't catch his name, but what a cutie! He's around 3 & as soon as he walked in he ran over & gave our receptionist a big hug! He was very well behaved. Tim's son Mike: probably in his early teens & couldn't stop talking about the bomb threat they had at school on Monday. Reminds me of one of those kids who thinks he's clever, but isn't. Lumping here...the girls, were all very quiet & subdued. HELL er's kids: These would be the kids the rules were made for. I was warned numerous times about HELL er's kids but nothing could prepare me. When I first got to work, I could hear the shrill screeches of HELL er's 3-year-old girl. Then I saw her, running up the hallway, toward the front door trying to get it open; no dad in sight. Older brother, around 5, says, "No you can't go out there, & then opens the front door for her. Pam immediately gets on the intercom & pages Dad HELL er, meanwhile Son HELL er, says, "I wanna go in the elevator!" Okay, I'm stopping there. I really don't want to relive this anymore.

 ---------------------------- |&nbspMISSING:&nbsp&nbspATTENTION&nbspSPAN&nbsp| |&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspREWARD&nbspIF&nbspFOUND!&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp| ----------------------------

 The Completely Pointless Personality Quiz Your score was 44/100. 599,397 people have taken this stupid quiz. And 23,977 got the same pointless results as you!

 I just feel like sharing about random people that I have encountered at various times in my life. So here's my first installment of rrp - random person post. My first job out of college was for urlLink SchlumbergerSema , at a satellite office in downtown Pittsburgh. The office was in the Conestoga building & right next to it was a paid parking lot. It was in that lot that I met Boris. Boris, as you can probably tell from his name, was from Russia & I believe had been in the US for a year or two. He was a chemist & was working at the parking lot until he found a job in his field; he wasn't having much success. Boris was nice. He had asked me to drive my car into work & park in his lot one time. I told him I would & I did, not because he asked, but because I was leaving for vacation after my workday was complete, but he didn't know that. He just thought it was thoughtful of to do something I said I would. And when Ben, Mikey, Jon & I went to the Barenaked Ladies concert after work one day, he saw us off & immediately was a hit with the boys. I enjoyed talking to him daily. He, unfortunately, quit the job at the parking lot because he had been robbed one too many times. I saw him one more time after he quit, at TJ Maxx, that's how I found out he quit.

 Last night I went to see a high school basketball all-star urlLink game ; & you thought basketball season was over. More times than I want to count, I have heard athletes, usually when they are involved in some controversy, state: I didn't ask to be a role model. This infuriates me, because, like it or not, asked for or not, they are. So as I'm sitting watching this all-star game, I'm leafing through the program & come across the profile for urlLink Anthony Marquis Ivory . Under the "What do I want to be" part of the profile, he responded, a role model! I really liked that! By the way, Mikey got his autograph & now has a new role model...but not in the respect Mr. Marquis was thinking. If you know Mikey, you'll understand. Also, one of Mr. Marquis's teammates was urlLink Churchill Odia , who goes to Montrose, the school my brother works at. Laurel got his autograph, because, he favorite meal is Chicken & rice & Laurel LOVES chicken. She can talk for hours about it.

 BE AFRAID! BE VERY AFRAID!

 I finally admitted something to myself that I should have done a long time ago. And you know what, I think I'm sleeping better, because of it. It's kinda weird.

 Senator Kerry graced the campus of Pitt today for his college campus tour. One of the arguments that Kerry's opponents have against him is the fact that he's been on both sides of a lot of issues. You've heard the quote, "I voted for it before I voted against it." This is what went down at the rally today: Kerry, standing with former Steeler Franco Harris, is discussing a Steelers game he attended awhile ago. Apparently, he rooted for the Steelers for part of the game & New England for part of the game. Adding fuel to the fire. And why would you say you voted for the team the town you are in played against, while a member of that team (albeit years ago) is standing next to you in support?

 urlLink cats "urination on food" on google, my blog is the only site that comes up. I feel honored?

 When you've eaten way to much food & all you can do is lay around, but no matter what position you are in you are uncomfortable? I imagine this is what Charlie feels like 24/7.

 I hate politics. Honestly is not part of this game at all. Too often I have heard, "you youngsters have to get involved." So this year I decided to get educated about the candidates & you know what, screw it! I really don't care about the petty things things the negative ads dwell upon. I want to know about what you promised in the past & if you got it done. I want to know what you stand for & don't beat around the bush. But you know what is frustrating me most: the double standards. One political party can say Condoleezza Rice looks like a character off of Planet of the Apes & you don't hear anything about it. But if the other party were to say something similar or not as offensive, you better believe it'll be front page news. And then I hear people commenting on the comments made about Dr. Rice & how rude it is, but when I bring up the fact that everyone makes comments about Kerry's long face, well, "it's true?" PEOPLE! Listen to yourselves! It's enough to make me go insane & it's only April. March was absolutely wonderful. Why? March Madness. I went entire weekends without flipping on a news station. But that's over... So my efforts to "inform" myself have made me not want any part of it. My solution? I'm boycotting politics. Yeah, that'll be easy.

 Sherry Ann L. was the little girl I use to baby-sit. Today is her birthday & I think she'd be 12. WOW!

 the little urlLink birdies are back. Thankfully, though, they've decided to move to the center of the awning instead of right above the steps, so there's no risk of becoming a target.

 I will continue to get nervous walking near the urlLink railroad tracks near my house, because of urlLink this .

 These are the pairings for the NCAA Championship game for both the men & women's basketball teams, respectively. Who am I routing for? Don't know. It would be cool to see UConn win them both, but then again, spread the wealth to some other schools & states.

 Ben is a member of Central Catholic's Varsity volleyball team!

 I guess technically it should be AOLIM for America On-Line Instant Messenger, but AIM is the accepted term in the AIM community. I have been IMing for about 5 years. It a cool way of communicating, especially for those people, like me, who can't come up with a witty/smart ass/clever remark on the spot: it gives you time to think one up, because the person doesn't know if you've stepped away from your computer or sitting there thinking up something. I also like it because I tend to open up more than if I was face to face with someone. I use it on a daily hourly basis. I enjoy reading people's away messages (even Ben's, who, after chatting with him, will put up a message indicating that there is no one on, so he'll be back later. What am I buddy? Chopped liver?) & profiles. The other day I was looking at my buddy list & realized something strange: the majority of the people I chat with on a regular basis are 5 or more years younger than me, some are even 10 years or more. And most of them are male. What does this say about me?

 Ya know? I should start charging rent to the person who has been occupying my thoughts 24/7. It's all about them! Hey buddy, rent is due at the beginning of the month! If you don't pay up, I'm evicting you! Trouble is, I've tried evicting them before & it didn't work then!

 Oh how the weather can change in a week. Last weekend I was riding my bike & rolling up the sleeves of my t-shirt because it was warm. This weekend I'm dodging snowflakes. I've lived in Western Pennsylvania, on & off, since 1996. I still consider myself new to the area. I haven't worked "yinz" into my vocabulary & still have no idea who Donny Iris is. What amazes me are the comments from people about the weather who have lived here all their lives. My cousin for example will say, in the middle of February, after yet another snow storm, "I thought we'd seen our last snow!" Today, some lady, while playing dodge the snowflakes with me, commented, "I can't believe this weather. It's spring for goodness sakes!" Me, having been here for only 8 years know that the last snow fall isn't going to happen in February or March & we will most likely see snow in April! I can remember freezing my ass off at an April track meet, trying to throw a metal javelin, while it's snowing, hard . And the majority of our meets happened in April & May. I guess, living in an area for x+8 amount of years (longer than me) doesn't make you an expert on the regions weather. I really shouldn't bash these individuals though, they can't help it if they aren't as observant as me, nor can I judge their optimistic thoughts on the weather. I'll join them in this respect: here's hoping we actually have a dry summer!

 Today is 04.04.04!

 There were 5 Wednesdays in the month of March, which means 5 classes, right? I attended one class the entire month, but you can't blame me for not trying. mar-03 - Deadly accident on freeway, freeway closed. Didn't make it to class. mar-10 - Drive to class. Realized, when I arrived & there were no cars in the parking lot, it was spring break. mar-17 - Test. Made it to class. mar-24 - Dentist appointment: procedure is an hour long, which will give me plenty of time to get to class. They decide to get to me when they want to, 45 minutes after my scheduled time. Didn't make it to class. mar-31 - Drove to class. Class was cancelled. I give up!

 name: mirm global location: the pitts age: 27 dob: middle of june

 aim: urlLink mirmacidal yim: mirmacidal e-mail: urlLink mirm@comcast.net

 urlLink my back pages urlLink http://beth.ownsu.net urlLink cher bear urlLink insert witty title here urlLink not so deep thoughts urlLink brent.ownsu.net (beth's bro) urlLink dave barry --> urlLink spam poetry urlLink ...some random blog... hopefully it'll be in english

 urlLink dark throne (you should click this everyday!) urlLink mirm's quotes urlLink my photo album urlLink court tv message board urlLink dave barry message board urlLink dave barry's column urlLink d3 hoops urlLink dave matthews band urlLink espn scoreboard

 urlLink steelers urlLink hawks urlLink vulcans

 [date]

 [college...]

 urlLink urlLink 16-feb-04

 urlLink dashboard confessional - a mark, a mission, a brand, a scar - swiss army romance shrek 2 - soundtrack switchfoot - the beautiful letdown no doubt - the singles 1992-2003 dave matthews band - the central park concert barenaked ladies - everything to everyone maroon 5 - songs about jane dave matthews - some devil john mayer - heavier things

 Yesterday cousin Mikey graduated from middle school. He received various award for participation in science projects, creative writing & so on. But the award that he's most proud of is his "1620" award. Out of a possible 1620 days of school, between kindergarten & 8th grade, Mikey attended every single one: he did not miss a single day of school. I should note, his parents, aren't the type to send a sick kid to school either. Mikey's got a great immune system & doesn't get sick, or if he does, it for a millisecond, I swear. He was also voted "Most Likely to be 7ft. tall."

 The World War II memorial is being dedicated this weekend. I think they did a great job. I haven't actually seen it, last year when I was there they were still working on it, but I have seen urlLink pictures . Pops says, its about time.

 My aunt said 100, he thinks 200. At the rate he's going, I don't doubt it; the 100, not 200. I think he still has an uncle that's alive, playing golf somewhere in Florida.

 I'll be dumber having lost one of my wisdom teeth. Not only that, I'll be lopsided. I wonder if this'll throw my body alignment off. Two teeth gone from one side, none from the other... Let's ponder...

 The borough sweeps our streets between the months of April & November. The first & third Wednesdays there is no parking on Laurel, & ont the second & fourth there is no parking on Lincoln. Should there be a fifth Wednesday of a month, that's a freebie. Today, CJ had his car parked on Laurel & noticed the cop ticketing all the cars on the street. He was at CJ's car hen he came out & asked if he was going to move it? CJ was a little confused & said, this is the fourth Wednesday, there's no parking on Lincoln (where my car was parked.) The cop said, no, it's the third. CJ calls me to make sure he isn't going insane, then goes inside & grabs a calendar & proceeds to show the cop that it is in fact the fourth Wednesday of the month. The cop, said, you know, your right & then resesitated CJ, kidding. He then removed all the tickets he wrote & made a mental note to show dispatch how to read a calendar & count! CJ also moved my car so I wouldn't get ticketed.

 Thanks Mrs. Blood! This nick will primarily be used when I am speaking to ignorant people who work for so & so, & want me to ignore everyone else who have been waiting patiently for their jobs to be done & do theirs first. Remember, they work for so & so!



 Nancy Paxton has finally retired! My only concern/question is this: will the infamous "look to your left, look to your right, your future mate may be in sight" speech live on?

 They, the weather people, have been calling for thunderstorm everyday for the past three weeks & we never got them, not once. Today was the first day no thunderstorms were forecasted & guess what? Yep, we just got hit with a T-storm. The only profession where you can be wrong more than you are right & keep your job, unbelievable...

 urlLink Childless couple told to try sex A German couple who went to a fertility clinic after eight years of marriage have found out why they are still childless - they weren't having sex. The University Clinic of Lubek said they had never heard of a case like it after examining the couple who went to see them last month for fertility tests. Doctors subjected them to a series of examinations and found they were both apparently fertile, and should have had no trouble conceiving. A clinic spokesman said: "When we asked them how often they had had sex, they looked blank, and said: "What do you mean?". "We are not talking retarded people here, but a couple who were brought up in a religious environment who were simply unaware, after eight years of marriage, of the physical requirements necessary to procreate." The 30-year-old wife and her 36-year-old husband are now being given sex therapy lessons while the university clinic undertakes a study to try to find out if there are more couples with a similar lack of sex education. My question is how exactly were they attempting to procreate?



 In the weeks that CJ was living at his parent's house (he got into another car accident & it took two weeks for repairs) not once did Pop's have to leave a note indicating a light was left on overnight. Not once was there mention of the kitchen sink dripping. Not once was the back door left unlocked & the bathtub was clean. Last night: Back door was left unlocked Kitchen sink was dripping A/C left on Bathroom light left on Bathtub is dirty & someone refuses to clean it CJ was home Coincidence? You decide...

 I'm calling off the Minute Maid Lemonade boycott. My cellphone is working again. Can I get a "woohoo?"

 Would you look at all those urlLink cavities ?

 I'm in the lottery to be a chaperone for Mikey's field trip next week. I find out later today. My chances of being picked: 20%.

 1. There's a dead bird on our sidewalk. I ain't touching it, I was hoping Pops or CJ would have seen it by now & disposed of it. 2. I'm calling for a world-wide ban on Minutemaid lemonade. I've had two mishaps in the last week alone with the 16.9 oz bottles. First one happened on Thursday, if I recall correctly. I had my Motorola Cell phone, (it flips!) in my bad & I placed a bottle of Minutemaid lemonade in my bad as well. The lemonade leaked all over my phone & now it's not working. Second mishap happened today. Placed my bottle of lemonade on the passenger seat next to me & at the end of my drive it, there was no more liquid in the bottle, but plenty on my seat & my notebooks! I hope you agree with me that this is absurd & definitely poor craftsmanship on Coca~Cola's part. And the fact that I failed to screw the top on all the way, has no bearing on this case! 3. I apologize that I fail to write things of substance in my posts. Thing is, I do have good things to say at times. I have stellar debates & conversations with my co-workers, but when it's time to put it down on paper, I forget what I said, and/or, it gets all jumbled up in my head & comes out as gibberish. ...I thought of two more things, so bear with me... 4. I hate when I find a new food that I like, that happens to be bad for my health. The culprit this time: DiGiorno's Thin Crispy Crust Four Cheese Pizza. Not to mention Mr. Goodbar! 5. Charlie is still FAT! He's having a bad influence on me. I made a verbal annoucement on Sunday that I would be watching what I ate & eating healthier. Since Sunday, I can't stop thinking about food, especially that damn pizza. I have my trusty steamer, & for awhile I was on a huge, steamed veggie kick. But lately, it's been lacking. But, good for me, this week, I've gotten up every morning to workout. Except this morning. I got up, but I couldn't find my textbook for my final tonight, so I did of my workout & went book hunting. Okay, so I lied, I looked for the book for 5 minutes, then I laid back in bed.

 Ah yes! "Picksburgh." Yinz are from Picksburgh if You didn't have a spring break in high school. You walk carefully when it is "slippy" outside. You often go down to the "crick." You've told your children to "red up" their rooms. You can remember telling your little brother/sister to stop being so "nebby". You've gotten hurt by falling into a "jaggerbush". Your mother or grandmother has been seen wearing a "babushka" on her head. You've "warshed" the clothes. I ask you to hand me one of those "Gum-Bands" you actually know what I'm talking about. You know you can't drive too fast on the back roads, because of the deer. You know Beaver Valley, Turtle Creek, Moon, Mars, Slippery Rock, Greentree & New Castle are names of towns. (and you've been to most, if not all, of them.) A girl walks up to three of her girl friends & says, "HEY YENZ GUYS" You hear "you guyses," & don't think twice. (Example..."you guyses house is nice") You know the three rivers by name & understand that "The Point" isn't just on a writing instrument. Someone refers to "The Mon" or "The Yough" & you know exactly what they're talking about. You remember the blizzard of 1996 (or 1976, or 1939, or...) & remember not being able to go outside because the snow was over your head & you would have suffocated. Someone starts the chant, "Here we go Still-ers!" & you join in. In the proper cadence. Waving the appropriately colored towel. Bob Prince & "There's a bug loose on the rug." or "Open the window Aunt Minnie, here it comes" hold special meaning for you. You've either eaten a Farkleberry Tart or know someone who has. You drink pop, eat hoagies, love perogies & one of you favorite sandwiches actually has french fries ON it. (ah, yes!) You know what a "still mill" is. You expect temps in the winter to be record breaking cold & temps in the summer to be record breaking hot. You know what Eat 'N Park is & frequently ate breakfast there at 2:00 AM after the bar closed & made fun of people. You order "dippy eggs" in a restaurant & get exactly what you wanted. You spent your summers, or a school picnic, at Kennywood, Sand Castle, or Idlewild. You've been to the Braun's Bread Plant or Story Book Forest for a school field trip. "Chipped ham" was always in your refrigerator when you were growin up. You refuse to buy any condiments besides Heinz unless a Pittsburgh athlete's picture is on the side of the container. Franco, Roberto, & Mario don't need last names & you can recite their exploits by heart. Your last name has 8 or more letters in it (and you either have a 'Z,' 'U' or a 'ski' somewhere in there) & nobody can pronounce it. & oft times, even if your name has fewer letters, folk still can't pronounce it. Food at a wedding reception consists of Rigatoni, Stuffed Cabbage, Sauerkraut & Polska Kielbasa. (yummy, yummy...YUM!) You'll send this on to family & friends who used to live in the Pittsburgh Area as well as to those who have never lived there, just so they can appreciate how different Western PA really is! I wonder how many of Yinz guys actually understood all dat? Some folks just don't get dem things.

 Last night I slept 12 hours...

 I didn't see urlLink this one coming...

 Strawberry! Any wagers on how many I'll be buying this month?

 name: mirm global location: the pitts age: 27 dob: middle of june

 aim: urlLink mirmacidal yim: mirmacidal e-mail: urlLink mirm@comcast.net

 urlLink my back pages urlLink http://beth.ownsu.net urlLink cher bear urlLink insert witty title here urlLink not so deep thoughts urlLink brent.ownsu.net (beth's bro) urlLink dave barry --> urlLink spam poetry urlLink ...some random blog... hopefully it'll be in english

 urlLink dark throne (you should click this everyday!) urlLink mirm's quotes urlLink my photo album urlLink court tv message board urlLink dave barry message board urlLink dave barry's column urlLink d3 hoops urlLink dave matthews band urlLink espn scoreboard

 urlLink steelers urlLink hawks urlLink vulcans

 [date]

 [college...]

 urlLink urlLink 16-feb-04

 urlLink dashboard confessional - a mark, a mission, a brand, a scar - swiss army romance shrek 2 - soundtrack switchfoot - the beautiful letdown no doubt - the singles 1992-2003 dave matthews band - the central park concert barenaked ladies - everything to everyone maroon 5 - songs about jane dave matthews - some devil john mayer - heavier things

 Rapid Hope Loss As Lovers Go Carry this Picture Am I missing So Beautiful So Impossible Remember to Breathe The Sharp Hint of New Tears Turpentine Chaser The Brilliant Dance Screaming Infidelities So Long, So Long (New Song) Again I Go Unnoticed The Places You Have Come to Fear the Most The Good Fight Encore The Best Deceptions Vindicated Hands Down-->

 I'm not talking about urlLink Taco Bell (aka Toxic Hell) burritos, I'm talking about burritoes from urlLink Mad Mex or urlLink Qdoba . Hmmm...I'm making myself very very hungry.

 Got to see an early showing of the movie (that comes out on Wednesday) & it was decent. It was definitely comparable to the first & had lots of special effects. Coming from a person with no attention span, this movie was able to keep mine, so I guess that means it was entertaining!

 doesn't mean it'll look good on you & that you should wear it. This message has been brought to you by the fashion police.

 Granny Bass Intro Crush New Song #3 The Space Between Warehouse Bass Intro New Song #4 When The World Ends One Sweet World Help Myself New Song #2 Where Are You Going Rhyme & Reason New Song #1 So Much To Say Rapunzel&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp Everyday Ants Marching-->

 Paul, the steamfitter, has been banned from my office! Why you ask? I'll tell you, he seems to find enjoyment on sneaking up on me & screaming "HEY" at the top of his lungs, thus scaring the crap out of me! Now if only he would take my banning seriously!

 on completing your first triathlon!

 mirm: are you sure you dont' want to come out here this summer? speets: i wish i did mirm: i will find you a ticket if you really want too speets: ok mirm: you want me too look? speets: sure mirm: okay.. mirm: right now i'm just pricing tickets mirm: for the middle of july for a couple weeks, how many you thinking about? speets: dont care mirm: i put in july 11-30 that's three weeks speets: 2-4 My little (crap, can't say "little" anymore) younger brother wants to come out!

 Tara, CJ's old girlfriend, was by today, with CJ. I don't think he'll ever learn. Everytime this girl gets interested in someone else, CJ is dropped instantly & when things don't work out with the new guy, she runs back to him. Last time she broke it off with him, she said, "I just don't see us compatible in 7 years." I thought he would have learned by now.

 If you click urlLink here & subsequently click on the numeral of the number written, it would help me lots! Thanks in advance! Oh & if you can click every 24 hours, it would help out even more! Yes I got sucked into an online game & get this, in four days I have had 2 dreams about it.

 Friday, June 4, we woke up to insects on the counter in our little kitchen area. After trying to rid them & not succeeding & then them sharing a bed with me we decided to change rooms; the change happened on Sunday. So we went from the fourth floor of the hotel, on one side to the fifth floor on the other. That was actually nice, we got a new urlLink view from our balcony. So Cherie & were sitting out on the balcony on Sunday evening, waiting to go down to happy hour. It was absolutely gorgeous out, but then again when wasn't it. When our craving for our Banana Jammers couldn't be contained anymore, we decided to head down. That's when the trouble started. You see, the lock on the sliding glass door in our old room was a lot better & easier to figure out than the one on the door in our new room. When I went out to join Cherie, I shut the door & in doing so, lock ourselves out. We struggled with the door for a bit, pulling this way, pushing that way, hoping to get the latch to unhook but it didn't work. This is when I had visions of fire trucks having to come rescue us with a big ladder, something I didn't want to happen, much to embarrassing & everyone would get a free show at our expense. So we gazed out over the balcony rail to see if we could possibly see anyone who might be able to help us. Our help came from a little girl who was one floor down from us, minding her own business on her balcony. Once I got her attention & explained what happened she went to get her mother. She called down & then told us help was on the way. We waited no longer than 5 minutes when I notice the No moleste sign move & the door open. Yipee, we were rescued! Saturday night, Dateline did a special on hotel security & how safe you as a guest were staying in one. They advised us to always lock our doors with the bolt lock, a chain or one of those latches. So to protect ourselves from would be robbers, rapist & murderers, we did just that. But I had forgotten that we had until the note I stuck in the latch drifted down to the floor when someone from the hotel staff attempted to open the door. Yes, that's right: we were locked out of our room on the balcony & our rescuers were lock out of our room because we had the latch engaged. We were pretty much screwed! So we attempted again to pull & push the door to get it open. I tried to lift the door off the track, but nothing worked. Then we felt the windows shake: they were going to try to break down the door. (Funny thing was, the door in our last room looked like someone broke it open & was very difficult to open because of it. I wonder if the same thing happened before?) Anyway, after about 3-4 slams against the door the latch just popped open, leaving the door undamaged & our knights in leather work belts came to rescue us, probably cursing to themselves, "Stupid American girls..."

 name: mirm global location: the pitts age: 27 dob: middle of june

 aim: urlLink mirmacidal yim: mirmacidal e-mail: urlLink mirm@comcast.net

 urlLink my back pages urlLink http://beth.ownsu.net urlLink cher bear urlLink insert witty title here urlLink not so deep thoughts urlLink brent.ownsu.net (beth's bro) urlLink dave barry --> urlLink spam poetry urlLink ...some random blog... hopefully it'll be in english

 urlLink dark throne (you should click this everyday!) urlLink mirm's quotes urlLink my photo album urlLink court tv message board urlLink dave barry message board urlLink dave barry's column urlLink d3 hoops urlLink dave matthews band urlLink espn scoreboard

 urlLink steelers urlLink hawks urlLink vulcans

 [date]

 [college...]

 urlLink urlLink 16-feb-04

 urlLink dashboard confessional - a mark, a mission, a brand, a scar - swiss army romance shrek 2 - soundtrack switchfoot - the beautiful letdown no doubt - the singles 1992-2003 dave matthews band - the central park concert barenaked ladies - everything to everyone maroon 5 - songs about jane dave matthews - some devil john mayer - heavier things

 Yes, sadly, we lost our second softball game. It was quite an interesting game though. I personally did not strike out this time. I did however get out at first twice. The events leading up to my second up by far was the most interesting. I followed Dave, our pitcher who got M.V.P. last time. He got a base run & when he tag the base, he landed on the corner of it &amp; his ankle bent in a way it shouldn't. It was quite disgusting & his face was so pasty white. He left in an ambulance. That was what I had to follow. I at this point decided I really didn't want to run &amp; tag first base & I opted to walk. I eventually went home. We lost our pitcher &amp; really didn't have a second one, so our "coach" stepped up. We did very well the next couple of innings, then we lost it. Final score: 10-11. I played second base for half the game & got someone out. Then I got to play right field. My little brother attended! He saw Dave's ankle, not sure if he saw, or was interested, in the rest of the game, but I was happy he came. Update : Dave broke his ankle in two places. He's in a lot of pain, but, thankfully no surgery was needed.

 Isn't he adorable? He can hardly walk &amp; his ears are still scrunched up...probably about 3 weeks old.

 No matter what your stance is on abortion, wearing a urlLink shirt that proclaims you had one, is disgusting.

 The spirit of the game ball goes to: DAVE BROWN Who pitched a great game! Honorable mention goes to: Miriam for knocking that ball down at 2nd base. Pam for being a great bat girl and cheerleader. Tony for being ready to play even though he was hurt. &nbsp; Not real sure I deserved it...oh well!

 Just ask urlLink Sara ; I'm addicted to urlLink Dark Throne ! Beware, it'll work it's way into my conversations one way or another. &nbsp; Man, I think I need a life!

 I just burned my pizza...that's okay, I really didn't want it anyway.

 At work, the Grounds Crew challenged Facilities Management to a softball game. Today was the first, of five&nbsp;games&nbsp;&amp; I didn't suck too bad. &nbsp; Warming up I got beaned in the shin &amp; I think I still have the ball's impression on my skin. &nbsp; I couldn't catch any ground balls to save my life. &nbsp; First time up at bat I got a base run (despite my legs shaking from being so nervous) &amp; then ended up going home one or two plays later. &nbsp; I apparently stopped a ball from going into the outfield, would have been better if I held onto it &amp; got the guy out. &nbsp; Second time up at bat, I struck out. Oh well. The ump was going to let it slide, but I apparently waited for the strike call. What was I suppose to do. (This is the same guy that apparently "wink" at me during a trades meeting that&nbsp; urlLink Paul decided to let the entire first floor know about. I think he was winking at Paul! Paul didn't like my suspicion.&nbsp;lol) &nbsp; We had to go into an extra inning because the game was tied. We ended up winning 13-12. &nbsp; Our prize for winning: grounds crew had to buy beer. I didn't partake because I don't like beer, so I drank my water. &nbsp; GO FM !

 Your urlLink ideal job is a Emperor of all the world.

 I have a new "dark throne" urlLink army . -->

 At least, not while CJ's around.

 I'm making myself crazy looking at all the puppies; they are just so cute when they sleep in their big old dishes, or when they fight. They have one mini-pin. First time I went, no one could play with him because he hasn't seen the vet. His poor little ears were still red from being cropped. (I'm not cropping my mini-pins ears, btw.) The last two time he lay in the corner shaking! He was so cute though! I had to resist playing with him because I would go even more crazy wanting one.



 Andy Dick. He's not funny, he's not clever, he's just plain annoying. How he ever "made" it in Hollywood baffles me.



 Today, Charlie had a little bit of surgery to remove some problem skin tags & a small mass (probably a tumor) that was found in his mouth. All went well. Pops was a nervous wreck all day, which is understandable. Thankfully everything went well. I went to pick Charlie up & he was definitely still woozy. He didn't even acknowledge me! HUMPH! I admit it was a little comical when he tried to get in the back of my car & then climb the steps to the house. He gave Pops the same greeting he gave me, so I don't feel as bad now. He then proceeded to walk around the house in circles like a drunk man (dog?). Now we have to wait to get the results on whether or not the lump & skin tags are cancerous. Anyway, that's the Chucky update!

 name: mirm global location: the pitts age: 27 dob: middle of june

 aim: urlLink mirmacidal yim: mirmacidal e-mail: urlLink mirm@comcast.net

 urlLink my back pages urlLink http://beth.ownsu.net urlLink cher bear urlLink insert witty title here urlLink not so deep thoughts urlLink brent.ownsu.net (beth's bro) urlLink dave barry --> urlLink spam poetry urlLink ...some random blog... hopefully it'll be in english

 urlLink dark throne (you should click this everyday!) urlLink mirm's quotes urlLink my photo album urlLink court tv message board urlLink dave barry message board urlLink dave barry's column urlLink d3 hoops urlLink dave matthews band urlLink espn scoreboard

 urlLink steelers urlLink hawks urlLink vulcans

 [date]

 [college...]

 urlLink urlLink 16-feb-04

 urlLink dashboard confessional - a mark, a mission, a brand, a scar - swiss army romance shrek 2 - soundtrack switchfoot - the beautiful letdown no doubt - the singles 1992-2003 dave matthews band - the central park concert barenaked ladies - everything to everyone maroon 5 - songs about jane dave matthews - some devil john mayer - heavier things

 I heard that at the Democratic National Convention last week, that they were serving Hunts ketchup. I wonder how Maria Teresa Thiersten Simoes-Ferreira urlLink Heinz Kerry feels about that.

 name: mirm global location: the pitts age: 27 dob: middle of june

 aim: urlLink mirmacidal yim: mirmacidal e-mail: urlLink mirm@comcast.net

 urlLink my back pages urlLink http://beth.ownsu.net urlLink cher bear urlLink insert witty title here urlLink not so deep thoughts urlLink brent.ownsu.net (beth's bro) urlLink dave barry --> urlLink spam poetry urlLink ...some random blog... hopefully it'll be in english

 urlLink dark throne (you should click this everyday!) urlLink mirm's quotes urlLink my photo album urlLink court tv message board urlLink dave barry message board urlLink dave barry's column urlLink d3 hoops urlLink dave matthews band urlLink espn scoreboard

 urlLink steelers urlLink hawks urlLink vulcans

 [date]

 [college...]

 urlLink urlLink 16-feb-04

 urlLink dashboard confessional - a mark, a mission, a brand, a scar - swiss army romance shrek 2 - soundtrack switchfoot - the beautiful letdown no doubt - the singles 1992-2003 dave matthews band - the central park concert barenaked ladies - everything to everyone maroon 5 - songs about jane dave matthews - some devil john mayer - heavier things

