 urlLink The Hebrew Hammer

 Blizzard Part 2: Snowy Boogaloo So I opened my front door at 5 p.m. a mere 6 hours after I had previously been outside shoveling. What did I find when I opened the door? Snow that was piled at least six inches high. There is a step up to get in my front door which is completely covered and now the snow is piling up the door: Just so you guys can really get an idea of how nuts it is this is where my mother and I were standing earlier. You could clearly see where the driveway was and snowlevels there, but now, its just as high if not higher. Rar! It does look pretty, and serene, but I'm *SO* not looking forward to dealing with it tomorrow...

 My Big Fat New England Blizzard This is a big fuck you to the wintertime in my area. So far in the unshoveled areas, the snow is up to my knee. The lovely bitches at the weather center are telling us that we're supposed to get between an additional 12 to 18 inches of snow. FUCK THAT! This sucks. (Also, I'm not really this fat, I have lots of layers on...so shut your mouth!) This is me and my mommy oustide shoveling. We had to do the whole driveway by ourselves becuase my brother is a lazy pot smoking monkey who is upstairs and still asleep at between 9 a.m. and 11 a.m. If you don't think my driveway is that long so it shouldn't be that hard...think again. We're gonna pool money next time and get a fuckin' plow dude to come. Even if we could save our money we wouldn't be able to get a plow guy here anyhow cause my town does such a shitty job plowing roads and now they've had to declare a state of emergency so no one can drive anywhere... Thats it for now, I am only goign to get more angry and more stircrazy (mmm....stircrazy) as the day goes on. Anyone know where's nice in Arizona or somewhere warm that I can move to?? I'll even settle for Texas. A r g h ! I hate the winter.

 At The Cool Kids Table Okay, so all the cool kids like urlLink Sabrina & urlLink Boz are audblogging, so I figured I would give it a shot. Please excuse my 12yr old prepubescent boy with a cold voice. urlLink urlLink audio post powered by urlLink audblog

 Well...? Where's all the frickin' snow we were supposed to have this morning? Freaky weatherman, urlLink Jim Castillo , told me that we would have 3 inches on the ground for the commute to work which would start mixing with sleet and freezing rain. Where is urlLink Nick Gregory when we need him, Fox 5? All I have to say is that it better start snowin' A.S.A.P. and close my job early so that I can just go home and nap, othwise it's gonna be Jim Castillo's cross-eyed head!

 The Grammy Nominated David Cross

 A Christmakuh Wish I wish that everyone would update their blogs....I'm looking at you: urlLink Jon urlLink T.J. urlLink Jon urlLink Maria I'm bored and I need on the job entertainment....stat!

 2004 INDEPENDENT SPIRIT AWARD NOMINATIONS ANNOUNCED

 Yeah, They Really Want You You ever wanna slit your wrists just to watch yourself bleed becuase it seems somehow that would be better that what has happened/ is happening / will happen? I miss the sun.

 Updating...Again! We're easily bored, so we're updating again. Its still under construction though so chill out.

 For Senior Tazz

 Linkage The Don & I would sincerely appreciate it if y'all would be so kind as to convert our links on your pages to a graphical one using this nifty (albeit crappy) lil link graphic. We will eventually be getting a new one, but it will also have the same name and you dont have to host it yourself, so that would be suuuuuuuper. Kthxbye!

 urlLink The Ben Stiller Show Dvd

 OH Hotmail Dear Hotmail You changed your look. ITs hard tonaviagate. Everyhtign is diffnrt its been only a day but i keep clicking on the wrong things I hate you hatemail after a long long 7 year relationship this is what you do to me How could you I thought we had something.... Somthing Special Remeber that vacation we took together it was so much fun we met that old man who ownes the apple orchird ill tressuer the good times Forever but ill keep you hotmail I wont cheat on you wiht your slutty sister yahoo i jsut wish you didn't changr but maybe this is for the better ill still love you xoxoxo - Don Labia / Conner Lingus / Sheep

 This is why I get Nothing Done at Work... SheeplovR2: sometimes i jsut wnana be held I AbsolutAngel I: I nkow SheeplovR2: or belly rubbed I AbsolutAngel I: sometimes you think you have pride, like every good piece of ass does I AbsolutAngel I: then the roofies come out to prove that wrong SheeplovR2: that shoudl b in a hallmark card I AbsolutAngel I: hahah I agree SheeplovR2: hahaha SheeplovR2: i lvoe it I AbsolutAngel I: It wopuld be in the bitch, just shut up and put out section SheeplovR2: aww yes its next to the embony cards SheeplovR2: abony I AbsolutAngel I: You think you're a modern woman with your hair all done up and poofy, but you wont mind me putting it in your ass after I slip you this roofie. SheeplovR2: ebony I AbsolutAngel I: that would be the message inside SheeplovR2: HA SheeplovR2: HAHA SheeplovR2: thats romance I AbsolutAngel I: if that doesnt say it nothing will SheeplovR2: if its not romance theni dont know what it is to be romantic SheeplovR2: hahaha

 urlLink Happy World Aids Day

 Rar!! Are you there, God? Its me, The Diva. Can I please have one stinkin' day in my life where there's not 5 kajillion people up in my business making drama? Are people really that bored with life that they need to be screwing stuff up for me? Can anyone just learn to GET OVER IT! Furthermore, can people get over themselves and leave me alone? Am I not 22 and capable of living my own freaking life? Aren't you in love with someone and having this big "emotional connection" with them, so big in fact, that you're MOVING TO BE NEAR THEM?!?! Of course you are, so why do you care what goes on in my life?!?!

 Hi my names liz

 Pound of Turkey TOOTHPASTE Diapers The Big Pack

 Don't Count Your Chickens Before They Hatch... So yesterday everyone on all the news channels were telling us that the world is gonna blow up with snow and we're all gonna die and have to live in igloos and eat one another. So in anticipation of this I stayed up til 2 a.m. drinking, laughing, watching movies and having snowball fights with everyone. A treacherous adventure to McDonalds was a fun time thanks to urlLink Aidan, my trusty Pathfinder and it brought tasty treats to the whole apartment. Once Upon A Time In Mexico was a pretty decent flick (a lil gory if I do say so myself), but I dunno if it was worth all those Miller Lite burps or the fact that I'm running on no sleep wahtsoever in order to be here at work today. And for what? No one is even here anyhow (well except the FabUlous Twan) and I did score points b.c I saw my cool boss walking to work and I stopped and picked her up. It was pretty good in that respect. Now I've got a stomach ache and Im cranky though. Oh well only 2 hrs left to go before I can go home and get my nap on.

 Mystery Solved...Kinda You may remember my trip to Montreal last October. Well on that trip I mentioned that we had stopped at urlLink Stewart's Shops and stumbled upon a very strange flavor of soda called "Vichy". Now, you're prolly asking yourself the same thing we were "What the hell is a Vichy"? Well, it wasn't seltzer water, it wasn't a citrus, it wasn't even tonic water or gingerale-ish (though it did come in a green bottle). The urlLink Stewart's label didn't even offer much in the way of description. This weekend on the trek home from snowboarding we stopped at Stewart's again. We brought the bottle to the register and asked the kindly Saugerties native (with his three glorious, shiny teeth) what exactly is Vichy. With a look that was a mixed bag of disgust, contempt and disbelief at our "lower New York" stupidity he said " What's Vichy?!?! It's like club soda." It was so matter of fact that we felt so ashamed and stupid for even having asked. We stewed in our feelings of disappointment for a few moments as we walked silently to the car. After a good laugh about how shocked he was that we weren't in the know about "Vichy" we stumbled upon the next of life's seltzery mysteries: what is the difference between Club Soda, Tonic Water and Seltzer? Will we ever get to the bottom of this?

 Spatastic...and Other Happenings "Let me ask you something: am I dating the female me? Like me, but as a girl?" - Seth Cohen Anyhow yesterday I spent one of the best days I have in a while, at the urlLink Spa with my bestest girlie, Lisa. She was treated like some food with a sugar scrub, a milk bath and a shea butter massage so she's nice and smooth and luxurious. I treated myself to a milk bath and a Desert Stone massage. Let me tell you, I've had massages before, but with these smooth hot oiled stones gliding over your skin it was nothing short of pure excstasy. While he was giving me the foot massage, Joe, the masseuse, also almost gave me an orgasm. My feet are very sensitive on the bottom and whatever he was doing was so incredible and sexual in a non sexual way its getting me excited to write about it now. He wasn't hot at all, but it was one of the most sexual experiences I have ever had. We followed up our massages with some makeup shopping at urlLink Sephora (like I needed an excuse to go there!!) and some good old fashioned girl talk and yummy chinese lunchies at urlLink P.F. Chang's China Bistro . It was great to spend so much time with her, I've missed her and she's been closer location-wise than ever and we just never took advantage of it. (c: I have to say, the OC is so fucking good. Watch it. Seth Cohen (Adam Brody) is (to borrow a term from the Don) "adoobly" and I want to date him. (le sigh). I had an awesome weekend. Friday night I was very nicely treated to a dinner at urlLink Eclisse and then I rocked out with everyone and early Saturday morning in the NEGATIVE TWO degree temperature I headed out with Andrew for some snowboarding. We went to urlLink Hunter Mountain and it was freezing and windy, but it was a great time. I dropped my board off to get a quick tune up (some fresh wax and sharpen the edges) so I won't be so dead the next time this season we hit the slopes. Also if anyone has any good exercises for strengthening your upper legs (BESIDES SQUATS!! I HATE SQUATS) please drop me an email or a comment. I finished Monday night up with some kickboxing and I feel so amped about it, becuase I love going in there and just getting all my aggression out. If I hadn't taken that spill on Saturday and hurt my elbow I would have been able to go full on grudge match mode when we were alternating right & left jabs & hooks. Oh well, theres always Wednesday.

 GOLDEN GLOBES in conclusion good thing simpsons and arested devlopment were on so i didnt end up wathcign the whole shabang btu i did watch 8 hours of pre show on E! and joan nor melissa didnt talek to bill murry or jack black so that was a waste as well Dear actress who wants a award Prostetics wins you awards Dear digital Cabelvison Why dont i have bbc america its like all those years the larry sanders show woudl win and i had no clue what the show was about or like but it won everythign but i had no hbo or cabel so i need BBCa to see this office show that looks delightfully british Dear Dressmakers you need to work harder cause all theses actreess keep on wearing odl dresses or "vintage" or maybe hte actresses jsut odnt care that somone else wore the dress before them but they look bad anyways so they looked bad 30 years ago and still look bad today so waht was the point besdies begging to not be on Fasion police sex and the city is a comedy? i thoguth it was a drama the lady has cancer or somthign now yeah thats real funny the queen of the golden globes was Kevin Costners daughter but who was the king any who in tomarrow Oscar Nominations get annouced so woooopity doo

 GOLDEN GLOBES movie Picks *** And Results

 RUTGERS CAMDEN THURSDAY JANUARY 22 , 2004

 A Strange New World Last night the Don & I discovered the Kumquat. Now we're not sure waht they taste like, though from what we've read we see they're citrusy. We plan on procuring some for further investigation. We'll report back with any findings. For the mean time we'll just obsess amongst ourselves about Kumquats and the pachachi.

 urlLink Insensitivity Cards

 Movie Advice Go see Big Fish. It will make your heart smile and cry at the same time. It was stunning and beautiful and amazing.

 Just some Stuff

 Reality Check My brother's best friend in the entire world died Thursday night in his sleep. They found him 15 hours later. No one that my brother knows has ever died, not a friends parent, not a friend, not a grandparent...nothing. Now, he has to be pallbearer for his 19 year old best friend. Our family is very, very close with theirs and everything is very confusing and scary right now. My mother is a wreck because she is scared for my brother. I am too. Lately he's been hanging with the wrong people, smoking a lot of pot, speeding in excess of 100+ mph on the highway and totaling his car. I hope this is his wake up call and not a push over the edge. I hope he can right himself before he destroys himself. I have never been more scared than I am right now. Im scared that my brother is next and I can't even start to think or type or talk about what the consequences of that would be. Peggy, the boy's mother, is devastated and rightly so. She and my mom are very, very close and my mom just keeps crying and shaking because she doesn't know what to do to help Peggy in this time. I'm scared for everyone around me and I feel like I don't want to do anything because I don't want to lose any of the time I have left with everyone. I don't mean for this to sound dramatic and drama queeny, becuase its not meant like that. For the last month I have been having these thoughts and trying to push them aside and I can't and all my thoughts are so morbid and I keep just going out so I don't have to sit home and think about losing these people. I know I don't know what anyone goes through when something like this happens, becuase I've been fortunate to not have it happen to me, but it doens't make me less scared for you and scared to lose the people I love whether it be friends or family. I don't like seeing people I care about hurt and I dont like not being able to help. I dont want to push my way into your life to try and do what *I* think is gonna help you. What do I know? I've never been in your shoes, I couldn't even imagine if I tried. The older I get the faster the time is going and the more people around me are starting to pass away. Is this what a life is about? Is life about watching all this time you could use to be effective wizz by you at some desk job and not taking advantage of it. Is it about not letting people close to your heart so it will hurt less when you lose them? No, of course its not, but to live the opposite way of that and let people in and try to not waste time is so scary. I want to let you all know (and you know who you are) that I love you all very much and I cherish you all as friends and people and though we all make each other nuts sometimes its what makes us a family. R.I.P. John Bria 1.15.04

 Its The Little Things... That always seem to make me smile, like reading over a long email from someone or the anticipation of drinks and a night on the town with my girlies, a long hot bath with some good tunes crankin' and only candles to light the room, maybe even just snuggling with my kitties. I dunno I feel so at peace right now its amazing. My life has the potential to go in a million different directions and instead of being stressed like I used to get over "not knowing" I'm excited, just going with whatever happens to see what comes next. For the last 3 years I've been under this dilluded impression that I was supposed to be responsible and have this big office job that's gonna mean something. I have wasted so much time skipping out on adventures and being young because I thought I was being responsible. To hell with that. The only person I have any responsiblity to is myself so without further ado I'm gonna go out and be happy already. So, if you're along for the ride, cool if not, I hope our paths cross again someday and best of luck to you in the interim. "Rember: Love is possible, anything is possible...this is New York" -c.b.

 I got Spit on for being a good Sam-Air-E-tan

 My grandpa fell backwards down the stairs but hes okay im sure he blames the polocks or democrats or jsut his Nerve disease

 Dear Work, The least you could have done was at least give us a delay. The roads are treacherous and otherwise shitty. No one is gonna come to the building to conduct business today and if they do I will pelt them with things. I hope you're happy that you've forced everyone to come in. If it continues to snow and you're not gonna let us out early you lose your cool status, even if you did work for the Gemini space program. Rar. This is not how we start the day. Kthxdie, Gwen

 It's All Happening Some pretty good times have been being had lately. Lots of fun people, lots of silly raps & greeting cards, some Mario Kart Double Dash (Toadetteandbabyluigi4thewin!), some beers, some party balls, some rounds of Kings all making for a great time. Sprinkle in some Stongbad emails and some cute boys and can you go wrong? I sumbit that you cannot. My vegas trip has been postponed becuase of "outside" circumstances, but its all good in the hood, I'm either going to use my airline credit to go to Washington (the state not the district) to visit some friends or to go to Vegas with some other friends. I'm prolly going to end up going to Washington though, because that will require the least money (no airfare cost, no lodging cost, minimal food costs) where as Vegas will be much $$, not to mention I have to a) save for Eurpoe with Anna and b) start paying my debt off so I can quit my job at the end of August. Did you say quit your job? Right you are, Ken! I have made a huge decision in my life. I am in the process of applying to urlLink The University Of Connecticut to go back to school full time as a day student and finish my bachelor's degree in English like I've always wanted to. My plan is to sell my car for something I can afford a lil more easily and work thru til the end of August paying off as much of my $10k debtload as possible so that I can take some measly part time Starbucks-y job and continue to live at home rent free and finally finish my degree. If I have to take student loans to do that, so be it, but I prioritized my life finally and finishing school is important to me, jerkin' off all night long at my community college isn't cutting it. So I ask over the next few weeks and months as I go thru the application process that you all keep your fingers and toes crossed for me that I am accepted again (I'm not applying for housing as its a commuter campus), but I will finally finish what I started in September, 1999, graduate from the University of CT. I should have been a member of the graduating class of May, 2003, but alas my one semester stint didn't help me accomplish that. I am older, wiser and ready to just do this already so I can and will get it done. The scariest thing in doing all of this is telling my mom. I dont want her to think I'm a disappointment. I know she will be happy I'm gonna go all the way and really finish school, but I can't handle a full time 8-4 job and then school on top of that. At this point in my life a degree is more important to me and I will do what it takes to get it, but while I can afford to take the "normal" route there (schooling full days and workign PT around that) I would like to. This was all just kind of one giant brain fart, but thanks for reading. Go, Huskies!

 If a comercial has a internet site in it shouldn't that internet site have ot be real?

 Comment Mother Bitches

 Wild On: The Grocery Store urlLink Twan prompted the Don and I into discussing the following: The things I would wanna do if I could have free reign to run around and do whatever the fuck I wanted to in a supermarket (empty or open) Twan suggested: 1.) Tearing thru boxes of Oreo's with teeth only, no hands 2.) Rubbing Porkchops on my underarms 3.) Orange Juice Slip&Slides 4.) Spelling out words on the floor with Squeezable Jelly I said: 1) Take all the lobsters out of the tank and snip off their bands so they could have "Lobster Fight Club" 2) Set up all the TP and Papertowels at the end of a aisle and go cart surfing into the squishy pile 3) Spray the floor down with pam or butter and slide around ala Risky Business 4) Create sculptures w. squeeze cheese and various assorted things that would stick toghether. 5) Create a giant people sized litterbox with the cat litter 6) Chopped meat sculpture The Don adds: 1) Set up all the TP in the store and sit atop a giant castle to rule with an Iron 2ply Fist. 2)Take all the bubbleicious in the store and chew it and make the biggest gumwad ever 3) Tampons plus bottled water pluss rubber bands = Darts on the stores front glass dont need rubber bands really jsut a good toss 4)fill garbage can with pudding and then sit in it 5)New Ky with heated action slip and slide 6) chicken or turkey bowling wiht liters of milk set up as pins 7) mop sword fights 8) last is conveyor belt treadmill Now we turn to you, our jungle friends...what would you do given free reign in the supermarket??



 S T R E S S & Then Some Good Stuff So today, the fabulous urlLink Twan and I were supposed to have a meetings all day and at lunch time we were supposed to give a presentation to the First Selectman (our name for our Mayor) about the project we've been working hardcore on. Alas, Twan has called out today, which is a little aggrivating. He has extenuating family issues, but I think he is prolly just gonna sleep all day. If he called out tomorrow, it wouldn't be so bad, but today's lunch meeting is what will be the worst. The other 2 I can handle no problem. I guess I should becareful going around saying "oh I don't mind the stress, I work best under pressure..." Onto the okay stuff. Yesterday I became urlLink Hester Prynne for a brief moment in time. I ended up working it all out and it turns out that I was the only person who acutally got in trouble for anything, but I realized a) I haven't done anything wrong, so I'm in the clear, b) anyone in my position would have been treated the same by this person and c) I don't really give 2 shits what the person who's mad at me thinks as they've not got a leg to stand on as far as their argument goes. So yesterday at Kickboxing class I really went into "grudge-match" mode as Cory would say. I pretented to punch and kick and double kick this person in their woochata so much that it broke open like a pinata spilling its contents on the floor. In light of all of the drama of yesterday certain situations have become a little less stressful/akward so thats kind of cool. A non dramatic urlLink Ruckus can be brought and everything will become "ruckusified" and thats cool. For the record: urlLink Bex makes rockin' chocolate chip cookies. Not only is she a master pup tent builder, but she's a cookie chef extrordinaire. Underworld is a pretty kick ass movie and certain people are just as klutzy as me. Its funny. Finally, when urlLink something in your life is stressful and you're sick of talking yourself in circles about it and people start running their mouths too much, its delightful to employ the use of this delightful feature AIM has called 'block'....it truly makes life great. That about does it for this entry. Make sure to check back on the 16th for my 1 Year Blogaversary and my State of the Diva Address. Catch ya on the flipside, childrens.

 urlLink Celebrity Poker Showdown

 I Belive the Anna Nicole Smith Trim Spa to be a LIE!!!

 If you Had a Duck

 This is Why I Can't Have A Roomate Even my kitties are disgusted with me by this mess. But in my defense: its the post christmas bomb of dirt that has been dropped on my room and i haven't been awake or home in like 2 weeks. Furthermore, there is order in all the chaos and it just proves I'm like a genius or something. When it comes to makin' a mess, I bring the motherfuckin' pain.... urlLink Dirty Room urlLink Dirty Room 2 urlLink Dirty Room 3 urlLink Dirty Room 4 urlLink Dirty Room 5

 We Were ment ot have Beards!

 Woo Hoo! Quoth the lovely urlLink Anna : "This summer, New York City's most eligible bachelorette will join Greenwich's most eligible bachelorette on a trip to PARIS fuckin FRANCE. This will be directly following our spring break trip to Las Vegas. It's time to take action. I guess with all the hair and body stuff Ive done and now this, it's safe to say my mothers death has affected me in the sense that, hey, you only live once, and Im gunna do everything I want to do, Im gunna find a way, and Ive found a way to do this, so Gwen and I will make short stops in Italy, England, and Spain, and then vacation with bagettes, hot men and the Eifel Tower. " This changes things...My new to do list: 1. Lose 20 lbs by April (thanks to kickboxing I can do it) 2. Go shopping for real binkis with Anna for Vegas. 3. Polish up on my french and spanish and try to learn Italian. I've got the important basics down for France and Spain (Voulez vous coucher avec moi? and Dame un beso), just need to learn something flirty in Italian.

 urlLink I WANT TO SEE Prince in Conert

 FREE ITUNES

 Comics Comics Comics

 $13.86 Class Action Suit

 The Green Hornet

 Adieu Well childrens, its been a fun run, but I bid you all adieu. I've decided the internet is no longer the abounding happy playplace that it once was and so I leave this blog in the capable hands of the Don. Maybe I'll pop in from time to time to give y'all a guest post, but if you know where to look you'll prolly find me. Behave and don't do anything I wouldn't do.

 Happy Birthday to me

 Yeah, About That Dear ______ & ______, So um, this is the part where I tell you to stop being losers at life and an otherwise malignant c's. I'm really starting to lose patience with the whole situation. Go Away, Please, Diva

 The A B C's of A Diva urlLink (Stolen From Diana) A ndrew, Saint. As in the namesake for the real Scottish Flag (that blue and white X, not the Royal Scottish Flag). Yes, definitley listing St. Andrew for my Scottish heritage and not for my crush on a boy with the same name....Riiiiiiiiight. B urton Air 45. The snowboard I ride in the winter, although I'm contemplating switching to snowblades. After my deck gets repainted though I might get stoked to ride again. C ats. I have six of them. They're all little darlings. (In order of girth and sheer magnitude they are: Milo, Shadow, Dallas, Paco, Rosie, Sonic.) D eja. My real name. Contrary to the popular belief that its Gwen. How's that for a kicker. D is also for Dynamite, Diva, Delightful and a myriad of other adjectives that describe me. Yes, I'm also delerious. E ngland. Where my best friend, Molly Beth now lives, permanently. I hope to plan to visit her sometime soon. F ive Point System. I rate all guys on a five point system that could make them hot. The 5 points are as follows: good teeth, drives a manual car, plays hockey, has the "V" muscles and nice eyes. Currently we're running on a 4/5. Not too shabby. G Gwen. What many of you know me as. The proper name Gwendolyn (which is not my full version of Gwen, I'm Gwenyth) means "the fairhaired one". H awaii. My favorite place to vacation. I've been there twice and it was totally amazing both times and I can't wait to go back one day. The surf the sun, the inevitable sunburn. Luaus. Its rockin'! I n Transition. The stage my life is in right now. So much is changing for me. Its kind of exciting. J ack Russell Terrier. My favorite kind of dog. So cute. I want one, puhleeeeeeze! Also J is for June because I'm a June Baby (June 28th to be exact, I expect pressies!) K ickboxing. My newest fad excercise. Its actually a lot of fun and I'm losing weight and acutally having fun *gasp* exercising! L iterature. My intended college major for when I start up again in the fall. I'm not sure if I'm going to focus my energies and studies on medieval literature or not yet. Thats my favorite kind though. M aroon 5. My favorite band. Formerly known as Kara's Flowers. You better go listen to them. Now, damn it! N extel. My cellphone. Its bleepy and fabu. If only I could steal my brother's i730 then it woudl be sooooo perfect. (Insert wierd Gollum "my precious" impression here). O dyssey, The. By Homer. My favorite book of all time probably...well, except mabye for the Divine Comedy. Seriously though, the Odyssey has it all, adventures, monsters, heroism, love. Don't be an ignoramus. Read it. P iglet. Thats basically me. He's cute, lil, pink and has the best lil quotes like "Its hard to be brave when you're only a very small animal." So so cute. Q uotes. I love quotes. I have an entire book of quotes that I've collected over the years. They're good for inspiring you to jumpstart your life, or inspire a painting or a written piece. As of late my life has been filled with some pretty hysterical quotes thanks to Tim, Timmem, Ru, Gozar and Bill. R olling Rock. My latest beer of choice though, Magic Hat #9 is my favorite of all time. S ushi & Sephora. My favorite food and my favorite store. If only there was a way to combine the two.....hmmmm. I'll have to get the institute to work on this. T attoos. I have 3 of them. I need one more but I want 2 more (to make 5 total). Its hard to stop gettign them once you've started. They're an addiction like crack. U Conn. My school! Woo. Awesome at 'hoops and just all around an awesome school. Go Huskies! V alentine's Day. Wretch! I hate this day more than any other lame ass, corny, made up holiday. I hate chocolate, I hate stuffed animals and I generally don't like flowers (unless they're pink roses or those white ones tipped w. pink). This day and all it stands for is an abomination and I'd take a nice homecooked meal over a nite out in an overcrowded restaurant with the prices jacked up to 3x what they should be. So this year for Valentine's Day me and my Valentine are gonna snowboard and then head to Burger King where we'll don crowns and mock everyone else. W estchester. Best.mall.ever. It has a Sephora, Nordstroms, Elizabeth Arden Spa. An apple store, J. Crew, Aldo, Steve Madden, Coach, BCBG and a million other great stores. Plus they have good sushi in the food court. Holllllaaaaaaaaaaa! X treme. As in Most eXtreme Elimination Challenge. (or as Bex calls it: The Japanese Show Where People Swing From Corn). So great. I wanna be on it hardcore. Y es! Only 1 more to go! (Sure this was a copout, but let's see you come up with something) Z elda The Ocarina Of Time. Best video game ever. Even if it is for N64. Wow, this was acutally a lot harder than it looks. I doubt anyone read this far, but if you did cool. You get a gold star for the day.

 Happy Birthday, Jon Happy Birthday, urlLink Jon . It seems like just yesterday we rode the train home togteher from the Halloween Bar crawl. We've had our ups and downs as friends, but I'm glad that we can still talk. I'm so happy for you for all the good things that have come to you as of late, you definitley deserve them. I hope your birthday is filled with heinies and hineys (c: I also ordered you a new, shiny titanium hip seeing as you're now 28 (wow, thats almost 30, you old goat!) in case your current one gets too brittle. I keed, I keed. Anyhow: hugs and have a great birthday, hun!

 ALWAYS CLICK NO

 All Rested Up Sleeping from 4:30p.m. until 6:30 a.m. is where its at. I feel like a million bucks! I had a pretty great weekend this weekend. It started Friday night with a yummy dinner at urlLink Boxcar Cantina and then we all headed over to the Apartment where we watched Wargames (OMG! Bill, there is a Pterodactyl in ths movie!!!). Matthew Broderick got really hot between WarGames and Ferris Bueller. Thank God for some things, I suppose. I wasn't really in the mood to drink and a shot of Black Haus didn't really help the cause. I called it kind of an early night and hit the hay. Saturday was nice to sleep in without waking up feeling sick. Ru and I went to lunch at Applebees and then to Chez Target. I managed to get out of the store a) only spending $25 and b) not purchasing anything for myself. It was a miracle if I do say so. If you ever wanna buy funny birthday cards Target is defintiley the place to do that. I finally picked up my board from Princeton and its nice and sharp and waxy and tuned so that was exciting. I have been running ideas thru my head as to how I want to have the top of the deck painted b/c I'm too cheap to buy a new ride so I'm gonna just continue to use this one. I ran home for dinner and some hella yummy cake for my grampy's birthday (he's so smooshy and spry for someone who's 77). Later that night we got everyone together and watched the NHL AllStar Game Skills Competition which was very entertaining. (Is it just me or is urlLink Martin St.Louis freakin' beautiful?!?!) Bex got slaughtered in Madden (106 to 14 at the half?!?!), went out to urlLink Turtle for some drinking (well, a lot of drinking) and some drama. I came face to face with PeterPan. She didn't stab my eyeballs out, but we've agreed that we don't like each other, have said it to one another and we are going to be civil in public because we have many mutual friends. I can't wait for April when she'll finally have moved away. Anyhow, there was more drama because Ashley showed up and that was a little ridiculous, but I finally got to drink with the lovely and always insane Twan, gave some lapdances to Bex, yelled at Tim to stop talking to my mom and though I may have gotten the beer tears a lil, I didn't yak, so woo for me for holding my booze! To bed at 5 a.m., not a bad nite. Sunday morning: not pretty. Not dehydrated, but REALLY bad headache. Me, Ru, Bex and Tim went to the Greenwich Diner where we saw the evil greaseface from high school with her other nasty friend. They ended up asking Bex 'who are you (as we'd seen them out last weekend) and she goes "you ex boyfriend's new girlfreind" (though she's not). It was mad funny, she's a champ, that girl. After that we went to KayBee Toys and contemplated buying a McFlurry machine and a witch's hat. We used our better judgement and passed on both though. We watched the actual all star game on sunday afternoon which was exciting. I ate some dinner and then Bex and I headed out to the boy's game. They were winning 4 to 3 with 20 seconds left in the game (thanks to 2 goals by Tim and some awesome saves by Ru) and then the other team tied it up. Bex and I were unsure as to what would come next. Would they leave it as a draw because it wasn't playoffs yet? No, that wouldn't be nervewracking enough for me and Becki. Instead it was a frickin' shootout . This is VERY stressful to watch when your there cheering people on! Ru made 4 good saves and they finally got one in on him, but then it was Tim's turn to answer with his shot and he scored too (for a hat-trick I might add!). Ru made another great save and the next guy up on the Rink Rats (the boy's team) made it in. They won 6-5. Wooo! Bex and I went on a mission for cheeseballs and orange cupcakes which brought us all across P.C. with no luck. We finally settled on a snackmix and some twinkees and BK for us. Back to the Apt. for the end of the ProBowl and some more Madden and before I knew it it was 1 a.m. and I headed home. All in all, pretty awesome weekend, just wish I had more time to sleep.

 urlLink Pssst 6 days left

 Seeing Red Again.... Guess whos back? Red headed diva! In all fairness to me: I have slept for about 8 hours collectively out of the last 72 hours so thats why I'm looking a lil ragged in the face. Other than that enjoy. Then there is me in my spiffy new roxy hat (which isn't as new as the red hair) **edit: I'm a genius b.c you can't even see how hardcore my hat is, but whateva!**

 urlLink Kill Bill- Volume II Teaser

 OmgthenIwasgoingtoUConnandIwaslikeWEEEEEEE! Woo, good news update, kiddies! Even though UConn "kicked me out" way back when in December, 1999 I am still considered a student there. So I don't have to apply for admission, I just have to get reinstated. I have to fill out a form and tell them what I've been doing for the last few years. There is one small catch still, but I think I have that covered as well. Keep your fingers and toes and paws crossed, please! Weeeee!

 Eeek! PeterPan says she "fucking hates me and is gonna stab my fucking eyes out". I say "ha ha! I got your man, Roast Beef!!". I'm not going to fight you because that is sad and silly and not worth my time (besides I'm a kickboxing champion) In conclusion: Diva: 1 P.Pan: 0 P.S. I look pretty hot for a chick with a hook, if I do say so myself.

 Totally Insane Okay so since Monday I have: been sick with a stomach virus gotten a call from JoePoo (eeew) saw my dad (double eew plus panic attack) gotten a call from Ashley who wants to be friends and hang out again started taking Cipro like I have the 'thrax missed 3 days of work got to watch Ellen those 3 days read the Inferno and the Iliad seen Mike Richter retire I need to get out I'm going stir crazy! (mmmm.... urlLink Stir Crazy )

 urlLink 2 heads are better then 1

 12 days

 I love my kittie, Sonic. She's so great, she takes care of me when I'm sick and she's cute and tiny and only has one lung and is named after Sonic Youth because she's cool like Kim Gordon & Thurston Moore.

 urlLink In Case anyone Want's it here's Janet Jackson's Monkey Nipple Don't Click At work i guess

 Its Hunting Season Lets kill this furry lil bastid. Six more weeks of wintery weather...To Quote the Don "Pffffffffffft!"

 urlLink Air America Starts At Noon!! anyone else as excited? 1190 am in NewYork thats all i got today

 Exploring the Blogosphere urlLink Gary's post the other day about the "Six Degrees of a Blogger Nation" got me thinking. If you look on my sidebar and my links to other blogs its an interesting mix of people. Most of these people are people I know...they're other whiny twenty-somethings like me, just trying to figure out what the hell is going on in their lives. Some, like urlLink Liz are using their blogs as a journal for personal reflection and to get people on board with their cause. (Liz and Gary, by the way, are both participating in the urlLink Avon Walk to raise money and awareness about breast cancer, go check out their sites and donate, you'll feel warm and fuzzy inside). urlLink Cacoa , isn't even from the U.S., we're not of the same ethnic or even religious background and still I feel like I can relate to her on a lot of levels. She's in the midst of a time of self discovery and sorting through everything and I'm not sure precisely what it is, but something about that really strikes a chord with me. There are M.W.B (mom's who blog), like urlLink Tina , urlLink Judy and urlLink Becca , sometimes they talk about their kids, most of the time though, they're just awesome, witty people. (Not that kids don't make you awesome). I've got my Ron & Fez friends, my girlie urlLink my girlie: Anna , some awesome chicks like urlLink Petrina , urlLink Sabrina , urlLink Diana , urlLink Heather and urlLink Shanti whose sarcasm and sense of humor will make you die laughing. There are blogs I stumbled upon through reading other people's blogs like urlLink MadPony , urlLink Kzug , urlLink LameKing , and urlLink Completing the Square . Perhaps most interesting of all of these though is urlLink Autopsy Report , the blog of a medical student doing their summer internship at the morgue. Its really interesting, but creepy at the same time. Most of the blogs I've come across though are because of the one and only, the legend: urlLink The Boz . Boz is from Michigan, I've never met him, I do like his moustache, he cracks me up and I enjoy his nonsense. Plus, he was one of the first non "friend" people to leave a comment on my blog, so for that, he gets the points, plus he's a June baby and made me angel of the month for June too. Through Boz, I found urlLink Jonnie the roaming gnome of the blog world. He's lived in Vegas, Alaska, California, he knows a schizophrenic McGuyver and he's cute to boot. Its funny though I don't know half of these people, I've become obsessed with the inconsequential details of their lives. I look forward every day to reading about what's going on with them or what they've got to rant about. Its exciting. In reading I've seen one blogger get married in a secret ceremony of sorts, two people fall in love in Manhattan (though neither is from there), urlLink a cat have a cancer scare, and a myriad of other triumphs and tradgedies. Who says nothing on the internet is real? Who thought it was possible to find people so scattered and whose lives are so different that you can still relate to? The little blogospher is a pretty damn cool place if I do say so myself.

 Weekend Recap It was a good weekend. I went to Toys 'R Us with Andrew while waiting for our dinner from the urlLink Outback to be cooked. I stumbled upon the GREATEST thing ever: a new urlLink Rainbow Brite doll! and it even came with her sprite, Twink. Now all I wan to get is Starlite so I can be seven years old again. Rainbow brite is my all time favorite 80's thing ever, so needless to say I was super stoked. We went and saw Jersey Girl and as I previously mentioned in the Don's comments, it was really good. You all should definitely get out to check it out. Saturday we went to the car wash and to urlLink Costo for chorish stuff we had to get done, and then we met up with Billy to go to lunch at Applebee's, which was yummy and since it was such a beautiful day we met up with Bex and all cruised around in Bill's mom's convertible. It was a lot of fun, except for Bex's death-defying attempting to climb into the front seat with me while we're on the highway and she only weighs 3 lbs. and will get blown away. After we watched urlLink UConn make their way to the Final Four, Andrew decided to cook dinner. It was yummy steak and biscuits (muffins, whatever) and rice and string beans. Lemme tell ya, the boy can cook. Certainly cooks better than me, but to be fair even a retarded chimp with glaucoma and one arm could cook better than me. Ice cream was gotten with Todd and Melissa and then we all came back to the apartment and watched Event Horizon. I was a little disappointed. I remember seeing the movie when it first came out in theatres and being scared poopless. Not so much that its scary, but the concept of it is fucked up. Execution of said concept was pretty poor though. I just liked it because at the time I was crushin' hardcore on Jack Noseworthy who had recently ended his stint on MTV's Dead at 21. (Okay, I know it wasn't a good show, but gimme a break, he was hawt!) After only seeing the Alien Quadrilogy for the first time in December 2003 I've come to realize that almost every space movie has ripped it off in some way shape or form, be it sets, plotlines, etc. Sunday I headed home and got girlie with my mom and grandma as we got our manicures and pedicures and I visited the spa for a quick trip. I finally managed to almost entirely clean my room (all i have left to do is take out trash and make the bed, hollaaaaaa!) I ate a totally yummy dinner with my family and then went to watch Andrew in action in his hockey game. He did a great job and his team plays really well together. I have to tell ya: shut-outs are pretty sexy. (c: I hope all of you enjoyed your weekends as well. Hopefully I'll get some pics of how hardcore Rainbow Brite is! Peace out, kids!

 Dear Sopranos You are A Sham

 Funk That Question: Why is it that whenever you pass someone in the hall at work even if you've said hi to them six other times that day you still have to have this akward "hi" moment? Man...FUNK THAT!

 urlLink Why I love the Kevin Click and Read that its Beautiful then go see Jersey Girl and someone Take me

 Stranded for a Moment on the Ocean of Osyrus I feel like a lame duck. No, not urlLink that lame duck. I mean I know I am leaving this job to go to back to urlLink school , but I haven't told them yet, and I haven't gotten the entire ball of wax rollin' on the whole scheduling thing for work so I feel sort of stuck here. I'm not motivated to do much here, because I know come July 1st (yes, I pushed up the date) I'll be outta here, but at the same time I'm so bored that I feel obligated to at least do something . In a weird way I feel like I'm falling into some sort of a rut, I'm not sure if its good or bad, but my life seems to be the same thing everyday now: wake up at 6:30, drive home, shower, work, track with Billy, go home, shower and possibly eat at home, go to the boy's apartment, rinse and repeat. Its fun and all, but I definitley think its gonna result in me ending up lazy and fat again. Maybe its just because I'm getting a little stir crazy and I need to be out and about come spring. Maybe I need to hang out with some of my other friends every once in a while. Well, I do see Adam weekly, but everyone else is left behind. Who knows.

 Gee, Thanks People in my office have taken to playing Emma for me (yes, very much like urlLink the Kool-Aid Man has done for Doogie ). I walk in this morning, barely 8 o'clock, I haven't even had my first cup of coffee. Anne, the office manager, comes up to me and says "I have a personal question for you." Instantly I panick and start to wonder what on earth it could be. "Uh, yes?" "Are you seeing anyone? Becuase you know I have this friend whose son would be perfect for you. He's really smart and funny and oh, he's good looking. I told him all about you last night, he's looking forward to meeting you." "Well, I'm seeing someone. Almost 2 months now. He's really great." "Oh..." Last week one of my mother's friends who works here tried to set me up with one of the building maintenance guys. He's really nice and kind of cute, but where you all of you people in December when I was single?

 Woah, Isn't That Random Okay so I'm in the shower this morning and I randomly start humming this weird song. I don't know where I know it from and so it really starts annoying me. I urlLink google some of the lyrics and it turns out its an old slave song and then I start to remember this one time when I was in either 3rd or 4th grade that I had to do this weird project. My mom brings me to school on a Saturday and there are just about 15 of us kids sitting around. They read us a book called urlLink Follow The Drinking Gourd . Its a book about the Underground Railroad. Then they teach us this song and we have to sing it and the whole time its being filmed. At the end of the singing and dancing they bring us into a room and they give us some urlLink Martinelli's Apple Juice (I remember because they have a cool lil jug) and some of those Danish butter cookies. After all of this we are asked questions about what we thought about the story and about some of the other books they had there for us to look at. That is all I can really remember. Upon questioning my mom about this she told me it was for some educational video, she has no copy of it (I'd love to see it and if I can ever find it I'll try and upload clips of a little 8 or 9 year old me probably in sweat pants with my red Sally-Jesse Raphael glasses on) but thought it sounded like a "fun" thing to do. I wonder what the hell made me think of that this morning. I should probably stop hitting the crackpipe so hard before bed.

 Wow. What an awesome weekend. This weekend was Andrew's birthday weekend and even though it wasn't my birthday I still had an amazing time. Friday was a lot of fun. I got my hair done red again (with some blonde streaks...photos may be coming later) and afterwards met up with Bill, Jim, Todd and Andrew for a yummy lunch at urlLink Sundown Saloon . Back to the apartment for a quick nap and then it was time to start drinking. My brother made a guest appearance and showed me some interesting things about forestry and then I was set. My cousin, Melissa (aka Dana, aka Scheisty), showed up and we drank together as well. Everyone who showed up to the house brought Andrew some beer (so needless to say they're all set with beer for a week or so). We were even lucky enough to have a urlLink Twan sighting. Saturday was relatively uneventful during the day. Vicki, Andrew and I watched urlLink The Game . I've realized just how annoying it is to watch a movie on regular television. I missed like huge chunks of the plot and I saw the same three commercials at every commercial break. Rar. It sucked. Anyhow, Saturday evening we headed out to the Island for dinner with Andrew's family. His brother cooked an AWESOME meal and I was so, so stuffed. We headed back to Westchester thinking that a bunch of his hockey friends were coming over to drink only to find the apartment deserted. I'm sure the neighbors were happy that it was acutally quiet there for one night, but whatever. Rather than sit around and waste the night we decided to take in a movie and headed to the Greenwich movie theatre to see urlLink Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind . It was a really amazing movie and it far surpassed my expectations. Well, honestly I don't know that I had any expectations going into it, but it was just really incredible and I defintiley reccommend you guys check it out. I'm definitley going to be going back to see it a second time. Sunday was Ru's acutal birthday and we went into the city to celebrate and so he could spend his birthday money. We headed to Toys R Us in Times Square to see what coolness was contained therein. I ended up picking up a new My Little Pony for myself. She's very pretty with pink, purple and blue hair. which is among the newest theme restaurants in Times Square. The food was acutally really, really good and VERY filling. Finally it was time for the best part of the day...we went to the urlLink American Museum of Natural History to look at the dinosaurs, and it ROCKED. We also checked out the gems and minerals (yes, I'm a huge nerd, whatever) and browsed the gift shop. Good times indeed. We headed home, watched Sopranos and vegged out the rest of the night. All in all a pretty good weekend if I do say so myself. Hope you all had as good a time as I did this weekend.

 ! ! urlLink Zombie Beat urlLink Jesus ! !

 Dancing Condom

 Friday! Well kids, its Friday. Time again for me to post more useless nonsense here on my blog. In cool news urlLink Sabrina's Vagina has answered my question. I feel so cool! The rockin' part is: her vagina was nice to me, w00t w00t! In odd news (and yes, I stole this from urlLink The Unlucky Guy ) the following seaches have brought people to my blog: "don diva" "peel offs vertical happy birthday" "dapper don" "don and the diva" "dynamite diva" "partly cloudy patriot track listing" "quotes by guster & dispatch" "scottish flag tattoos" (I don't have one, but I need one final tatoo and that sounds f-ing badass!) "cute lil quotes" (spelled lil, like I usually spell it) "burton air snowboard" I wonder what else will bring people here. Gary seems to get some crazy, nutty dirty searches to his blog, I'm waiting for those to come here so I can laugh. Again, I said it yesterday, but in case you didn't hear me the first time: go listen to Pat McGuire ...go, NOW! Well not right now, 'cause I'm still writing, but after you're done reading this. Tonight is Andrew's birthday party at the house. It shoudl be a good time. We're all gonna get crazy snotted (that seems to be the theme for this week) hopefully I will not end up booting this time like I did last weekend. His birthday present still hasn't arrived which is really annoying, but he'll have to deal, 'cause its so awesome and he'll love it and its funny 'cause he still has absolutely NO clue what it is. I have really not been even remotely entertaining in weeks. I suck. Sorry, childrens. For those of you from urlLink a strange place you might remember my "Into the Diva's Toybox" thread. A new one of those is in the works and will be hopefully as entertaining as it was last time. And we're planning a safari into the filthy, smelly bedroom of an almost twenty-something boy (namely my stoney cheeba-monkey brother). If you guys have anything you'd like investigated that a) wont put me in too much eminent danger, b) doesn't involve feces or c) wouldn't be too expensive to experiment let me know and I'll start a weekly post with the findings of my investigations. (Think Geraldo exposes only twice as seedy and trashy). I'm out, catch you all on the flipside!

 ReElect me and All the Babie Meat You can Eat

 You're So Beautiful Of all the things I wanted in my life, You're so damn mystical. I lie in bed at night in your arms The thoughts I have they're criminal. The way you touch my hand It makes me smile, You make me feel so beautiful. And when I see the loving in your eyes I know its more than physical. Wherever time may take you In your life Remember this was beautiful. You're so beautiful, you're so beautiful yeah, yeah. When I wake up in the morning Wake up in the night I know everything's gonna be all right. No matter where I go No matter what I do All I want is to be with you All I want is to be with you 'Cause you're so beautiful. You're so beautiful You're so beautiful - Pat McGuire Go buy the Pat McGuire CD. Its so goddamned good youll be doing yourself a favor.

 Since this worked out well last time My Crazy Letter intended for AMC

 Happy Pretend-You're-Irish-To-Conceal-the-Fact-That-You're-Looking-For-An-Excuse-To-Binge-Drink-On-A-Weekday Day! Thats right, I have no shame about it. Today is a Wednesday and I'm going out and getting snotted tonight and I'll be hung over at work tomorrow as well, but you know what?!? I dont care! I only have computer training for work tomorrow for a computer program that I don't even have access to and yet my job is paying $250 for me to sit there for half a day and listen to some guy talk. (Glad to see your tax dollars hard at work, eh?) I need a nap and I need urlLink UConn to come out with the summer schedule so I can start figuring out a) how the HELL I'm gonna pay for this and b) what the heck classes I'm going to be taking this summer. I should probably get my lazy ass over there to speak to an acutal person instead of trying to figure it all out myself and be misinformed, but since when have I done anything the intelligent way?

 2 Months Later Sunday would have been John's 20th birthday, but instead today is 2 Months to the day of John's death and the newspaper prints the finding of his toxicology report. He died of cocaine and heroin toxicity. He fucking overdosed on heroin and coke. We all spent all these last few months trying to rack our brains on how he could have done this. How he was supposed to be helping his other friend kick his heroin habbit and he himself was doing it. Tonight is not going to be easy at home.

 This jsut in David Cross's next Comedy Cd Comes out May 4th

 MY Crazy Letter Intended to be sent to Entertainment Weekly need someone to Edit and put in punctuation so I can E-mail this to Entertainment Weekly

 Thank You, Dunkin' Donuts urlLink Your new cups with the sippy lids really rock my socks off. It makes transporting my tasty medium french vanilla, light and sweet with milk (not cream) a treat. I also like drinking from it. I wish more cups would hop on the sippy lid bandwagon. Your cups are superior to Starbucks', because not only are you killing the environment with the styrofoam, but I can still close it with the neato cup fastener unlike your competitor who shoots hot magma coffee out around turns and bumps. Thank you for making my day and thank you again for firing the idiot redhead woman who always messed up my order. That was swell of you.

 You've GOT To Be Kidding Me (Alternate Title: The Insensitive Bitch Lives to Rant Again) Okay,so many of you readers who've been around for any length of time I'm sure are familiar with urlLink wheelchair guy and the stories of his fetid stench, disgusting fingernail clippings and gross food habits. Today a new annoyance is born. He has taken to bringing in a cassette tape and listening to it loudly at his desk. Ordinarily this would annoy me a) because its rude to have your personal music loud to the point where its interfering with people's work and phone calls, but it gets worse. Oh yes, worse my friends. You see this tape is some evil creation he mixed himself consisting of all Spanish music ranging from salsa, to a Spanish Kenny-G to the worst thing that you could possibly hear all day long on loop: The Spanish Version of the Macarena. Yes, the macarena. Apparently no one got the memo that its not 1997 anymore and the macarena is still not cool. For the better part of the last two hours I've been hearing this crap and to make things worse: he's taken to singing along with it. Now I'll be the first to admit that I'm a bitch and everyone in my office is complaining about it, but urlLink I don't like confrontations, so I suffer in silence as the tape gets flipped and the Latino goodness starts anew. 92 days and counting 'til I'm out of here. Start hedging your bets as to whether or not I'll make it. I've got my money on me snapping or trying to get fired before my time comes. Happy Monday, childrens.

 urlLink SPECIAL ADVANCE SCREENING of "Kill Bill Volume II"

 urlLink Threat to the world is greater than terrorism Catchy Title aint it (Im Talking bout Todd)

 No, no, no...not Again Since Monday I haven't slept more than an hour at a time with out being restless and worried for hours in between. I don't know what's wrong. To me, nothing *seems* wrong. I'm very happy righ tnow, I love my friends, I love the situations I'm in right now (with the exception of my job, but even that is manageable). For the last few days I've had this weird sense of impending panic. I tried to be extra silly this week and kind of laugh it off, in hopes that I'd forget that I'm feeling nutty again. Last nite I laid in bed, sweating and awake, I'd doze off feeling that maybe 3 or four hours had passed...It was only half an hour. I've laid in my bed for days this week after I was done running with Billy just thinking and thinking not even about anything. Not even about anything coherent or sensical. Just wheels spinning constantly. I feel like I'm losing my mind again and I'm scared. This morning in the shower I had a panic attack. I started to shake and become short of breath. I thought I was freezing so I turned the water up as hot as it could go and as it came down, burning, I stood beneath it and shivered and tried to breathe. I don't want to go back on my Paxil. I don't need it. I feel shitty all day today, my thoughts are scattered. I'm physically here, mentally who knows. I thought I was okay.

 Its Official... I'm officially a full fledged government employee. I had a customer at my counter who I saw out of the corner of my eye (well I saw that there was someone there) and I contintued to stare with eyes glazed over at people's blogs for about 3 minutes before I acknowledged she was there. I acutally had the audacity to say with a straight face "Oh, I'm sorry I was ignoring you, I thought you were someone who worked here."

 I think Murder needs a silent P infront of it

 Also: Happy Birthday, urlLink Gary-O , you old washed up pornstar, you!

 The Soundtrack of Life (Yes, some of you have already seen this) How many days and moments have you passed on your journey through life? How many things did you swear that while they were happening you'd never forget them? How many of those things do you actually remember now? The synaptic pathways in your brain may not always allow you to recall offhand just what happened or why it was so damn significant, but there is one ever evolving, ever present, common thread in all of our lives that can bring any of us to those places that our neurons have seemed to forgotten the way to. Each of us has a soundtrack to our lives, whether we're conscious of it or not, there are songs and artists and entire albums that shape each of these experiences. Experiences that some of us may have chalked up as lost, things we might have wanted to hold on to, to keep close to our hearts because as those brief minutes of that song passed us by we were living moments of pure unadulterated emotion. So pure, so joyous or so painful, so real and tangible to us in those moments that no matter how much it crippled our hearts and our being we just didn't want to let it go. Raw emotion like that is so over-hyped today and yet, so fleeting. Sometimes we hear just a few chords to a song from our soundtrack and the timbre rises loudly in our ears. All our other senses cease and we're back in those moments. Feeling the weather, feeling the pangs of emotion, smelling the air from that exact second that we've captured forever and we dive in and find ourselves awash in a sea of memories we thought were forgotten, our hearts reeling as we try to decide how were going to hold onto them this time. If someone asked me to give a track listing to the soundtrack of my life I'm not sure what I'd list on it. I'd like to think that my songs and my life would be an entire playlist on an ipod capable of being shuffled and repeated, more vast than a brief twenty songs stuck forever in a predetermined order by a C.E.O. at a record label. Songs that while they're reminiscent of a scene in my own life aren't tainted by the cliches of a studio movie plot. Everyday as I add another song to my collection I have this inherent need to replay and revisit those old songs. Just to linger a few moments in what once was and how I got where I am now from there. I won't tell you why I've chosen what I've chosen and who knows some of these songs might be on your soundtrack as well, but these are some of mine and each of them is so much more to me than notes and lyrics, they're moments gone but not forgotten. The Refreshments "Banditos" Any Beastie Boys track Debbie Gibson "Electric Youth" Etta James "At Last" Third Eye Blind "Motorcycle Drive-by" Jackson 5 "I Want You Back" Phish "Guelah Papyrus" Any Dave Matthews Band track from "Recently", "Remember 2 Things", "Under the Table and Dreaming", "Crash" or "Before These Crowded Streets" The Offspring "Self Esteem" Lucas "Lucas With The Lid Off" WuTang "Triumph" Green Day "Good Riddance" Any Maroon 5 track Eminem "The Way I Am" Indigo Girls "The Wood Song" Mariah Carey "Heartbreaker" and "Breakdown" The Roots "You Got Me" Grateful Dead "Cats Under The Stars" 311 "Love Song" (Yes, I know its a Cure cover) The Get-Up Kids "Mass Pike" The Used "The Taste of Ink" Blues Traveler "Hook" Triumph The Insult Comic Dog "Lick Myself" Fuel "Shimmer" Vertical Horizon "Everything You Want" R.E.M. "Nightswimming" Stevie Wonder "Signed, sealed, delivered" There are a million more, but I only wanted to offer you all a smattering of what'd be on mine and maybe if you'd like to leave some of yours in the comments, I have some free iTunes songs and I'm looking for suggestions on what to choose.

 Finally, The DIVA Has Come Back To This Blog I'm back, bitches. After a 3 week vacation because of some Nazi's in the IT Department at work, I've come back with a vengance. Be on the lookout for a facelift in the near future as well.

 urlLink Sarah Vowell I love you

 The Adventure of the 3 year odl Twizzlers

 urlLink Anti Stink Tech

 Since the Oscars Were so Goddam Predicatble this year i Bring you News .... urlLink Family Guy Returns

 Fresh From The Betty Ford Clinic Wow. So I slept from 3 p.m. yesterday afternoon until 6:47 a.m. this morning. I feel fanfuckingtastic! My liver was tappin' out because from last Thursday until yesterday I had drank to black out / tears /mega-bad hangover 3 times. Thats B A D. I spent all of last Friday at work running to the toilet to puke at least once every twenty minutes. I woke up for work still drunk. Wednesday night of this week I lost my f'n mind and I realized I have no control. I got 4 hours of sleep after a raging-lunatic-scream-fest on my part. (Sorry to all those who had to look after me and deal with my insanity). I dunno. I think I need to chill out for a lil while on drinking...either that or maybe I should stop drinking 2 half and half pint glasses of gatorade and absolut in an hour...after three drinks at the bar before that. Cinco de Mayo is coming so there is prolly a tequilla-fueled bootfest in my near future. I dunno, I feel mad guilty about all of this and I don't think I even did anythign *that* wrong. Hmmm... On a happier note: I gave work defintive notice that I'm leaving July 30th to be back at school full time. Thats a Friday so you all better be ready to get into the city to get your kareoke/dance/party on to celebrate my freedom. The aggrivation of this job: gone. The decent pay check: gone (which sucks) but I'll be able to make it. Its an interesting day, kids.

 Ganked! 'Cause I'm Lazy Famous former porn king, urlLink Gary O. prompted me to post useless facts from retro stats again. Here is what people searched for in April and found me. (I've highlighted the entertaining ones): don diva hoes scatting pavel burre (I realize its bure) don and diva concept of odd and even illusion mechanical bitches Umm....what? twizzlers don & diva 2fast 2 furious tazz who wants a moustache ride? don diva bitch the te of piglet quotes electric youth perfume teen bitches hot tinis sex pictures I hope this wasn't a misspelling of hot & tiny or some derivation thereof hip picks how to make blu raspberry martinis songs into the nigth hip picks mary kate and ashley olson don't cry jonnie dynamite video paris hilton illusion of odd and even numbers mike tyson april 2004 Is there a new tyson story I'm missing...I hope not! desk ecospheres jealous bitches graphics Why exactly would you need these? ikea merchandizing condums in schools coral from the real world new york pics labia lingus liz's labia Thats wrong, people! She's his SISTER! recipe for cum Wow...just wow. hypercolor clothing the illusion of odd and even numbers manhattan black bitches what happened to don diva november kills coral and the reality bar crawl bear costume dapper don death cause john corbet gwen reeses big cup illusion concept of odd and even rubber band man song Most.annoying.song.ever winy de poo sex See number one: um...What?!? mars resturant nyc dateing bitches

 Smileworthy So here it is, April 28th, why did I make a big deal about this approaching? Simple: The 3 Month Curse is finally broken! What is the 3 month curse: well you see of my last 3 boyfriends (or attempts at re-dating old boyfriends) I've had this problem where before we can make it to the 3 month mark in our relationships I just lose interest or discover my feelings were different than I'd thought or in some extreme cases I find that they make my skin crawl and stomach turn and they're just generally deadbeat dirtbags (see March to May-ish of last year's archives). I've finally found a guy though, who is: a) my own age b) local (as in only 5 mins away) c) employed d) cute e) not on drugs (illegal or prescription) f) not from the internet g) knows me as Deja and not Gwen h) did I mention cute? this isn't meant as a slam to the exes...only one of you was a dirtbag/druggie/loser at life So, Andrew, thank you for a very fun 3 months and I hope we can continue to enjoy many more 'cause you're stuck with me now :p

 Happy 67th Brithday

 Victim Of A Foolish Heart "Your scars were still showing when I first met you, baby, from all she had done to you. And I came along and applied a little loving. Slowly, but surely I brought you through. Now she's back to rekindle that old flame. She's got a different angle, baby, but she's playing the same old game. Baby, don't be the victim of a foolish heart. Don't let her lies get next to you. She's trying to tear us apart and she's trying to make me a victim too. Now I know she comes around here every time I leave, 'cause she knows she's still on your mind. See, even a wiseman jumps in misery somewhere down the line, but only a fool will jump the second time. Our affair is growing stronger every day, don't let her steal our happiness away. Don't be the victim of a foolish heart. Don't let her lies get next to you. Can't you see what she's doing to you, boy? Don't be a victim." ~ j. stone Joss Stone is really rockin' my world these days. Her and iTunes are where it seems to be at.

 Entering the Home Stretch In approximately 15 and a half hours it will be April 28th. Who cares, well, I care. I'll let you know after it happens, but lets just hope I make it. In exactly 15.5 hours it will be 2 months until my birthday. Get ready to get your party on, childrens. I'm thinking a bar crawl spectacular...details to come later. Everything was pretty fun this weekend. I enjoyed a yummy dinner with my fellow angels Farrah & Lucy and afterwards we all hung at Finn's for a bit. Saturday the weather was absolutely AMAZING. The boy and I headed out to Long Island and saw his new puppy, Harley, who is the CUH YOO TEST thing I have ever seen. Dinner at Black Bear wasn't as good as it usually was because we had the biggest crackpot of a waiter. I watched Kill Bill again (to think I'd almost forgotten just how HARD it rocked my ass the first time!) and I'm highly anticipating getting out to see part 2 this week or weekend. The sun is shining again today, there are just a few more hours to go and I'm keeping my fingers crossed. I'm gonna leave you guys with a good song (no, there is no hidden meaning behind it...it was just the last thing I heard on my way outta the house this morning and this blog needs more Goldfinger!) "I run away 'Cause I'm scared that you might leave There's nothing wrong, But that's not what I believe. Just tell me it's alright And tell me I'm okay And tell me that you're Staying here tonight. I feel stupid saying Words you've heard before. The way I feel today Is all I know for sure And if I scare you I'm only scaring me. I've got so much to say Why won't you speak with me? I need to know What you're feeling Do you feel like I do? Let's talk about everything, I want to share my life with you And tell me that you feel The way I feel tonight And tell me that you know This feels right If you're in my life Well I want to be sure I'm not wasting time I've been through this before"

 urlLink Hellow World theres a Song that im Singing Come on Get IDUCKS

 urlLink THE PINCH POT MUDWORKS LIVES

 urlLink Rhino Tries To Sex up a Car

 Life Lesson # 2,348 When you have a 9 a.m. meeting its probablly best NOT to mix chinese food, one blue mermaid glass drink, 2 Malibu Baybreezes, 1/2 a pitcher of Labatt's Blue and a Molson XXX. While 6 drinks is not that much, the chinese food was the crazy x-factor that lead to me driving home at 2 a.m. confused and sad (though I'm not sure there was anything to be confused or sad about), getting upset over a miscommunication amongst friends and then waking up at 6 a.m. and puking everywhere. Its almost 7 a.m. now, I still feel drunk, I can't call out, I don't want to eat anything. All I can do is pray that I can get the consultant out of the building by noon and use comp time I earned by going to last night's meeting to come home and try and recover. Ugh. Please put a bullet in my head....thats only in tha mawnin'

 Happy Earth Day

 urlLink The Passion of the Matt

 All Smiles For Today Great weekend. Amazing weather, could have done with a few less fights, but I got to meet urlLink Coral from the Real World New York and urlLink David from the Real World Seattle (Holy Hotness, Batman!) as part of this urlLink Reality Bar Crawl thing that was going on. It was a fun night, Bex and I rocked out, saw an imposter who was a dead ringer from the side, saw 2 bar fights and got our drank on. Good times. The boy came back from Canada and it was *so* good too see him. His birthday present also came in while he was away so, though its almost a month late, he finally got it. Got to talk lots with Bill, got to clear the air with a few people, got a lot of work done around the house, just generally starting to feel good again. Billy also explained to me the funniest thing I've probably heard in a long time. He explained the wonder that is the urlLink Angry Pirate . Good times, childrens, good times.

 Its Fate Stolen from urlLink Jonnie . I would also like to say I didn't even know this show was a choice, so its fucking fate. LOVE IT. You are CLARISSA EXPLAINS IT ALL. She is a rad chick with absolutely no fashion sense. If you are a guy and chose this... you are gay. urlLink Which old school Nickelodeon show are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Le Sigh My boyfriend has really delicious lips. They're those rare boy lips that are actually quite full and voluptuous as opposed to your standard, run-of-the-mill, thin, lizard boy lips. They're lips that look really amazing and inviting when they're pouty, though he very rarely ever pouts. They're the kind of lips that are fun to trace the outline of with your tounge and give a quick nibble to as we break our kiss. Wether its an innocent brush of them against my forehead or somewhere a bit more naughty, they make me shiver. They're these really cute lips that when he speaks sometimes give him what sounds like a lisp, but isn't and can make even a mumble of nonsense sound sexy. I feel like sometimes our lips are magnetic becuase they always seem to be locked together. I can lie in bed with him for hours just kissing with him becuase his lips are that good. Sometimes we'll press our foreheads to one another and share a quick smooch and then he'll cock his head back and open his mouth revealing his equally as nice teeth and he'll just laugh and squeeze me to him. In those moments, things are so perfect, that I feel like I could die.

 Friday! Happy Friday, boys & girls! I hope that the lovely weather of the last day has cheered us all up a little bit, I know its helped for me. I've been pretty busy the last few days trying to tie up some loose ends with UConn stuff, considering a change of departments at work, some craziness on the friend front (as I'm sure you all saw from my last stoopit posts), seeing the boy off to Canada for the weekend for his hockey tournament and just generally trying to preserve my mental health. I've lost 5 pounds, so I'm feeling happy about that, the sun is back to shining, I've spent some well needed time with my kitties these last few days and I'm painting my boring white walled room this weekend. Its gonna be periwinkle-ish with a bright purple focus wall. I've also commissioned the boy to repaint my snowboard deck (I finally settled on a design...photos will come when its done) and make some art for my focus wall at home. Unfortunately he's CRAZY allergic to kitties and seeing as I have six he can't come over and acutally paint a mural on my wall like I had wanted, but we're gonna take 4 big canvases and have him paint on those and then hang them, it will rock your socks of when you see the pics! I want to say Happy Birthday to the lovely Missy (even though it was yesterday). I hope it was a good day and you got lots of strappy heels and cute dresses to get you through this next year (c: Thats gonna do it for me today, but if you can get out and enjoy the sunshine your brain will thank you.

 Hey look at this thing I made that nobody cares about cause it doesn't make sence but I say it just looks pretty >

 Right, Thanks When I go to bat for you to try and help you and you know I'm going to do it and you don't tell me the truth and make me look like a fucking liar to people who are telling the truth thats really shitty and messed up. So, yeah, thanks for being my friend. Next time I hope you'll wash the blood off from last time before stabbing the knife into my back again. I don't want your drama.

 Vocabulary Lesson Children please open your notebooks to a fresh sheet of paper and copy down the following new vocabulary words no one seems to know yet, noting key differences between the 2 words: fiend (P)Pronunciation Key(fnd) n. 1. An evil spirit; a demon. 2. The Devil; Satan. 3. A diabolically evil or wicked person. 4. Informal. One who is addicted to something : a dope fiend. friend (P)Pronunciation Key(frnd) n. A person whom one knows, likes, and trusts. A person whom one knows; an acquaintance. A person with whom one is allied in a struggle or cause; a comrade. One of the key differences is the letter "r". "R" can be found in such other words like retarded, really (as in really stupid) and ridiculous. We'll delve into words like that another day though, students. It seems to me nothign is any different today than any other day of the last 3 months except that everyone now knows I can't keep a secret and thinks that I am lying, ha! My last bit of advice to you all is this: if you get shown the light but are too blinded by it to move out of it, don't cry to me when you get burned by it. Also get a fucking STD test if you're not using condoms you're just asking for a super stinging new strain of the clap.

 Scatting is so 5 minets ago?

 Important Breaking News ! ! !

 Happy Easter with love form Diva And Don

 urlLink Sheep Gone Wild Show your HOOOOVES

 Yeah, UConn! Okay so the urlLink UConn men are the NCAA Champs, now we just have to see if the Ladies can beat Tennessee tonight (a much tougher opponent than Georgia Tech), to make the goold old UC the first team in NCAA history to have the men and women as champions in the same year. If they're already urlLink rioting now , imagine what would happen if the ladies do win...

 Most Offensive Song Inspiration **Warning: I'm sure this is really offensive to a lot of people, but I in no way condone this and I can't believe it actually exists, and I'm not a racist and I hope there is some explanation for it from the homeowner, but I'm too skeered to ask.** Okay, so my friend Billy and I walk around these nice, quiet little neighborhoods to get exercise and try and get in shape. Friday on our walk we stumble upon this house with a swingset in the front yard and sitting on the swingset is what appears to be (and judge for yourself) a urlLink stuffed KKK baby . I did not make this up, photoshop it or anything, it just sits out there, I photographed it today because no one would beleive either of us if we just said we saw it. Billy said maybe it was supposed to be a ghost baby for Halloween or something, but its just one of those things that sometimes you just need to see to believe.

 All The Small Things... It doesn't really seem like much, but when play is stopped in your game and you signal to my friend to tell me about an inside joke that we have with each other it, literally makes me smile *so, so* much. Thank you for dealing with my insanity and then getting up to hit the snooze for me twice and suffering through the alarm 4 times in a morning instead of just one. (Also, you're really hot).

 Holla For HellBoy

 License & Registration, Chicken Fucker! Congratulations, Billy! He passed his Police test with a 90%! Now we've gotta kick up the working out so you can pass the physical and you'll be a cop in no time. Now, who wants a moustache ride?

 Why You shoudl be Wathcing WonderFalls This Quote From Tonight Episode "Im a Puppet..... The Universe sticks its hand up my Butt and if i dont dance i get hurt"

 urlLink Whats the Deal With Superman and Jerry Seinfeld and There Aparntly in a Gay Relationship???

 Goodbye, Mess! Last night I went to Madison Square Garden to watch Mark Messier's last home game of his career. Although the Rangers lost (surprise, surprise) it was still a really awesome game. The last five minutes the crowd started to get really nuts and the whole place pretty much was on their feet. There was the "Mess-i-er" cheers and lots and lots of screaming. Finally, after the game Mess came out and bowed and thanked the crowd, shed a few tears. It was really an amazing night. Hard to recap the energy and emotion of the situation. After that we (me, Andrew, Jimmy, Margaret, Todd, Vicki & her friend and the Senator) headed to Play by Play for some drinks. Todd made some sort of hot sauce, bud light, mustard nugget concoction and acutally drank it (ew!) and then we had a round of TRIPLE SoCo and Lime shots. On the train ride home Andrew made a passing comment that something was "glorious" and the guys behind us start trading Old School lines with him. It was pretty funny to say the least. A great night all around. So here I am, home for the day becuase I have a "sinus headache", but I think I'm finally gonna get my ass to UConn and try and sort some things out.

 A Little of Everything So yeah, that bug? Defintiley squashed: holla atcha boy! A 5 lb. bookend fell from my hutch on my desk and gozarnated my laptop. I never thought a mac could break, until you drop a rock on it...The "j" key flew off and there is a dent by the track pad, the screen went black and I can't tell if its on or off. Thats gonna have to get fixed. Hopefully the lil elves at urlLink Apple can do that for me. Long weekend coming, yay! Plan on BBQs, time with my girls, movies, hockey and cooking. Anyone have any simple, but to-die-for cookout recipes? Lay 'em on me. Added many peeps to the linkage: urlLink tif (finally, sorry!) , urlLink madchatthew , urlLink the sicilian , urlLink moe , urlLink hipster faggot and urlLink happy hooking . Um, I think that does it for now.

 Things That Make Me Go Grrrrrr 1. Starting on a hill at a light with a manual transmission and someone pulls up thisclose behind you causing you to a) stall out or b) squeal your tires like its Dukes of Hazaard* 2. Liars 3. People who think they're better than they acutally are 4. Rainy days (when its been raining for like 5 days in a row. This is Connecticut, not Seattle) 5. People who can't take a hint 6. People who don't clean up after themselves 7. Not having a sufficient amount of money 8. Working at this job 9. My 2 favorite pens dying on the same day 10. The exorbited price of gyms 11. Having to clean my room...again (I don't even really live there anymore) 12. Living between 2 places and never having what you're looking for at that moment at the place you are right then 13. Vacations ending 14. Friends moving away 15. Realizing how much time you've wasted being "responsible" * In fairness to me, I've only been driving my new car for like less than 6 hours total so its exepcted that I'm not gonna be *perfect* at driving it. It just makes me aggrivated though.

 Professional Fly Swatter This weekend I crushed a really big bug. One of those pests thats always buzzing in your ear, not really doing anything wrong, just being annoying like a fruit fly. Good news is I didn't even have to wash my hands or shoes off afterwards. It was a good clean kill.

 O, Canada! Well children, I'm back from my trip to Toronto. If I could sum it up in one word: awesome. Toronto has all the things about Canada that I love: my dollar going further, stronger drinks, clean streets, urlLink Roots , hockey and none of the stuff I hated about Montreal (the rude attitude & all the Frenchness). I would go back (and maybe even move there) in a heartbeat, but first I'd like to go back to the Caribbean. Anyhow, Friday we travelled there, checked in and checked out the area around our hotel. We were staying downtown about 2 blocks from the urlLink Eaton Centre so we snooped around in there and came back to the hotel and swam. We headed out to dinner and stumbled upon one of the best restaurants I've probably ever eaten: urlLink Brown Stone Bistro on Yonge street. I had a delicious (albeit burningly strong) mango-appley martini, bacon-wrapped filet mignon in a red wine demiglace (perfectly cooked and seasoned the most deliciousway I've ever eaten a steak!). Yummy deserts as well. A perfect beginning to our evening. We eventually came across "Hoops" a sports bar/hooters-esque kind of place where the boy and I put back quite a few drinks. I ended up with the hiccups (Imagine bugs bunny after a few swigs from the XXX jug, lol) and discovered the perfect failproof cure for them. A great night for our first night in town. Saturday we went to the urlLink Hockey Hall of Fame which I have to say was *really* awesome. I was pleasantly suprrised. It was very cool to see the Stanley cup (and the real one and the vault in which its contained), the old jerseys were also really cool too. They had a small collection of goalie masks (I was hoping there'd be more to look at) the old fashioned ones were just scary looking and Andrew played goalie and forward in the simulation games. Next we headed over to the urlLink CN Tower which is the world's tallest building which was kind of cool. We rode this lego simulator ride which was a lil cheezy but fun none the less. There was CRAZY security there which I felt fine about and I even managed to go out on the glass floor, scared as I may have been I got out there for a picture of it just so I *never* have to do it again, haha. We had lunch at the skydome which was cool and then headed back to the hotel. We napped, watched some of the Tampa Bay & Philly game and then headed out to an atrocious dinner. A dinner so bad and so overpriced that I won't even say where we ate. Drinks at the urlLink Wolf & Firkin Pub wound out the night. Sunday we went back to Brownstone for brunch, walked around, shopped and saw Troy (the Paramount theatre in Toronto's entertainment district is the BEST movie theatre ever!. I know you're thinking "what the hell did you go to the movies for if you were on vacation?" (well, maybe you're not wondering but I'll justify it to you anyhow) we had done all we wanted to do that we *could* do weather permitting and we needed to kill some time. Dinner at urlLink Wayne Gretzky's was delicous and started us on our Sunday evening pub crawl which ended up being some trival pursuit questions at another firkin pub and then triple shots at this weird little hole in the wall. All in all an absolutely awesome trip, lots of fun, good company, shopping and dining. Toronto is where its at, kids.

 If you Donate $400 you get a Badge

 Michael Moore Won the Palme D'Or!! Fahrentheit 9/11 just won the Palme D'or at Canns thats the big prize if you didn't know fin-

 I Just Remembered

 End of Angel

 I feel like Xander or Sammy Davis Jr or Elle Driver

 YAY YAY YAY! Come Thursday I will be the proud owner of a very pretty black 2001 Volkswagen Jetta (yes, before the Pathfinder I had a different Jetta and neither are the one pictured above). Its so pretty; it has grey leather interior, a sun roof, tinted windows, nice alloy rims, heated seats and lots of other goodies. Also: its manual so place bets now on how long it takes me to completely anihilate the clutch. I think I'm going to name him Trevor (my last Jetta was named Travis). So uh...anyone wanna buy a Pathfinder??

 WTF, Bitch?!? Who is the fucking wierdo who googled urlLink "cum recipe -orgy -lesbian -included -anime " ? Please, for the love of all things good and holy I'm going to give you a choice: 1) Unplug from your computer immediately, go outside, let the funky stink blow off you and learn to meet new people. Start slowly, go the grocery store or McDonalds or something just get interaction with somoene besides your cyber-life mate. 2) Put the plastic bag from your latest internet shimpent to your house over your head and tape it around your neck. Start breathing deeply so you use up all the oxygen and eventually suffocate and off yourself. Please, for me? I'll give you a dollar.

 urlLink Take That Jack Cafferty

 All Smiles To Start The Week I had a really, really great weekend again. Even my good friend, One Brown Eyed Hank, can attest to it this time. Friday I went over to the boy's house, but he was already half in the bag and incapable of functioning normally. (Oddly drinking tequila with your boss since 4p.m. will do that to you come 8 o'clock.) Hank, his brother (Hank Jr.), his brother's girlfriend (the delightful Marianne), Vicki, the boy and I watched Boondock Saints. I'd never seen this movie and everyone who had seen it raves about it. Now I know why. Well there are acutally 2 reasons why: urlLink 1 & urlLink 2 . Just kidding, it rocked my socks off, the shootouts, the concept of it all, really well done. I finally understand a lot of people's random quotings that I never got and I'm excited about the prospect of urlLink All Saints Day as well. Saturday I went to look at my new *dream car* I will withhold any information on it to avoid jinxing anything, but it was truly an amazing thing. I'm very excited for it (hopefully). Saturday afternoon Andrew and I went to lunch in Greenwich and saw the delightful Al Roker out with his family. Good times indeed. Met back up with Hank, Hank Jr., Vicki, Marianne and Becki and we headed out for a 3 hour tour of the Bronx...um, er, I mean a trip to Arthur Avenue (just kidding, Jim!). We picked up some cheese, saw cheese elephants, bought pasta, prosciutto and bread. The lovely Jimmy & Vicki made us a homemade Italian feast with Vicki's awesome ass kicking sauce. Yum. We all got our drink on some hilarious photos were taken, Reg and I headed to bed early and that was that. Sunday yummy panckakes, trip to the mall, purchasing of some old skool nintendo-y goodness and a little starbucks & zelda thrown in for good measure. All in all a great weekend as always, with great friends and some funny assed photos to go with it.

 Robot Jesus

 urlLink Look at this (not at work) She's all Im Ganna Stab your Fucking Eyes out

 Stop The Presses! I actually have something nice to say about being friends with girls! There is nothing more relaxing and low stress than a night lounging with your girls. You can go in your t's and p.j. pants, you don't have to put on make-up, you can just pull a ball cap over your hair and there is no pressure. You can just lounge and laugh and there is little to no pretense. I almost forgot that was possible. Don't get me wrong: I love to get dolled up and go out with my girls for a night out on the town, but there is a different air when that happens. There is a lot of checking yourself, constantly comparing always in competition although its never spoken; it's just always there. Last night was a chill night.

 This Blog Is a Beacon... urlLink for people who like otters, bitches, a good cum recipe and those of our fine feathered friends who can't spell . You reap what you sew...go figure. I'm going to get serious for one brief moment, and one moment only: when I was younger I read books like urlLink Song of Roland and through studying other parts of Medieval and Middle history you realize how bloody the crusades are, but somehow they still seemed to have been a little romanticized. Now, finding ourselves essentially in the midst of a new crusade its not as brave, noble or even as important as it may have seemed back then. We may have buried the flag of Christianity under the guise of "anti-terrorism", but we're on the fast track to the same scenario. This is not my stance either for or against the war (though I do support our troops and believe that if we couldn't help we woudln't be there) it was merely an observation.

 Countdowns 10 days until I leave for vacation in Toronto. I'm very stoked for this trip. I've never been to Toronto and our hotel has a waterslide indoors! Woo! Plus it'll be just Andrew and I which should be fun. I'm looking forward to strong booze, duty free airport shopping, Tim Horton's donuts and my dollars being able to go farther! w00t! I am however, not looking forward to having to fly. I hate flying. Aside from just being scared, my sinuses have really been bothering me (I know you *all* needed to know that) and the cabin pressure is prolly gonna make me want to die. 48 days until my birthday *yayayayyay* I'll be the big 2-3. Oooh, how utterly uneventful. However I'm looking forward to spending the day at the spa being pampered and dinner with friends and family and a bar crawl earlier that weekend to commemorate the greatness that is me. 52.5 days until I leave this awful job for good! No more bullshit customers, no more shitty sewer project (no pun intended), no more Outcome based budgeting. Its a dream come true. I'm starting to already have the nightmares of getting phone calls from customers. However, in preparation of my departure I've cut my workload in half and doubled my productivity. The person I'm training to do my job wants to do everything so they can get accustomed to it, so all my work gets done and I have time to do productive things, like blog or look up outings to go on in Toronto, so its been really helpful in that respect. I have decided to share the love of the baking bug thats bit me recently so I offer up this deal to you people: if you would like cookies (chocolate chip, sugar or peanut butter) email me your address and I will mail you a dozen cookies free of charge, no strings attached just pick your flavor. All you have to do is be patient because I only bake on weekends so they won't ship until Monday. I know I've promised people things in the past, but I was lazy, but now I am constantly baking and constantly at the post office so you're guranteed to get 'em. I promise they're yummy and all I'd ask is for a little blog love after you get them. I'm a shameless promowhore like that sometimes. **Oh, if I don't get your address in time to bake your cookies this weekend you're going to have to wait until after Memorial day (as I previously stated I'll be in Toronto the weekend after next).**

 Weekend Recap Friday night dinner with my girls (Bex, Stay, Megs & Billy...though he's not a girl, but you get the point). Cruisin' around drinkin' boones in Stay's car like we were 16 again. Funny times, girls, funny times. Headed to the boy's apartment for some forestry and just laughs. Saturday I chilled around my house, baked some chocolate chip cookies and napped. I saw possibly, the most disturbing porn I've ever seen (Bella Loves Jenna w. Jenna Jameson & Belladonna). I never thought I'd say I was bothered by porn, but this time I really was. And good GOD, Jenna is probably the most amazingly hot person I have ever seen in my life ever. At night Andrew and I went to dinner at urlLink F.I.S.H. and yes, though its at the dump, they have amazing ambience, amazing food & deserts and an AMAZING martini selection. My new personal fave is the Flirtini (Stoli Razz, Stoli O, Cranberry Juice, O.J. and champagne. Yum!) and then we picked up Todd to go see VanHelsing. Worst.Movie.Ever. I almost walked out. I was so *amped* for this movie and it sucked such balls its not even worth giving it a review. Fuck! Sunday Rosie died, which was sad, but once we made arrangements for her everything got a little better. I baked peanut butter cookies and sugar cookies (my own recipe for the sugar cookies...and they were good!) I spent some quality time with my mommy and then my brother and I took her out for a delightful dinner at urlLink Ruth's Chris so that was pretty slammin'. I slept at my *own* house for the first time in weeks. I have to say: I miss my bed its so comfy and squishy and soft, damn it. All this baking I've been doing lately has prompted me to want to hone my craft. Who knows maybe I'll open a quaint little bakery portion of things to go with me & Lisa's "top secret business plan" that we let go by the wayside. That could be cool.

 Meh... Today my cat, Rosie, died. This is sad and a bummer in and of itsself, but last Saturday my dog, Buddy, (the one we adopted back in August) had to get put to sleep because he had lymphosarcoma. Not a really great last week by any standards. We had 2 dogs and 6 cats and they're all around the same age and yes, thankfully all of them are very old, meaning we've spent the large part of my youth/teenage years/ young adulthood with them, but now they're all kind of dying off at once and its indeed very sad. )c:

 1. urlLink Cincodemayo 2. urlLink David Cross 3.Superman

 Sell Out With Me Tonight... Oh, childrens! Say it ain't so? Did we sell out and bring back ads? No, not really. We're an affiliate w. one group of people and one group only: urlLink Neighborhoodies . They make these really bitchin' totally personalized and SLAMMIN' quality items. Hoodies, bags, tees, undies, doggie gear. They're awesome. They make awesome gifts and when I get around to stop being lazy I'll get a pic up here of me rockin' mine. Check it out the possibilites are endless!

 urlLink oh no no no no no

 ... You are strong and beautiful and funny and amazing and you are so much better than this. You will rise from this like a phoenix, twice as strong and twice as beautiful and expotentially more amazing and wise. You are someone who breathes life into every place they go and you are cheerful and selfless and someone who would do anything for anyone if you were capable of doing it. This isn't you and though you've had to retract for fear of words like barbs and daggers tearing at your heart, I know somewhere, you're in there still deep down. Just your smile can light the way back for you. Please don't forget to smile. I love you. xoxo

 My Sides Hurt From Laughing Me & Bex Out On The Town. Wow, what a great weekend. Friday night I went out for dinner with Bill, Megan & Todd. We had a great time, some yummy food and just laughed like it was our job. Megan, Billy and I went to Todd & Andrew's game and they won so yay, but we also had a lot of fun mocking people and all the lil "tween queens" who were there at the rink on dates getting dumped. We headed home for what ended up being a relatively early night. Saturday was absofreakin'loutely gorgeous! Andrew and I had a yummy lunch at urlLink Roly Poly , and I got bit by the baking bug. So while the boy and Todd stayed indoors playing video games all day I baked peanut butter chip brownies for the boy, and homemade chocolate chip cookies for the house. (I'm not too bad at the whole domestic thing if I *do* say so myself!) After their game was over we headed to the theatre to see Kill Bill 2. Wow. Just awesomeness there. If you haven't seen it: go see it! If you've seen it: go see it again, damn it! We visited crazy Japanese cult leader, Adam, and then participated in some interesting forestry activities. Todd and Andrew are probably the 2 of the funniest people ever and the night was just nothing but absolutely side-splitting laughs to the point where my abs are sore today from it. Hahah. (Dominoes will deliver...Even to here??...Insert birdhead gestures here) We watched Andrew's secret girlfriend, Linsday Loughin, host SNL and while the over all show wasn't extremely funny, the skit w. Amy Pohler and Lindsay's sleep over (Rick.rick.rick.rick) was fucking hysterical, I haven't laughed that hard at SNL in a long time and I was just in tears. Cheesy bread from Dominoes saved the night and we headed off to bed. Sunday was bacon, egg & cheese day, and veg around the house. Watched Sum of All Fears and the Flyers disgusting annihilation of the Maple Leafs (yes, I realize "leaves" is the proper plural of leaf, but in the NHL its the "leafs"). I went home and worked on my mom's Mother's Day present (don't forget children, May 9th...this sunday!!) I think that about does it, but I want to thank urlLink Andrew , Todd, Megan and Billy for another great weekend. Catch ya on the flip side kids!

 My Diva-senses Were Tingling Okay so I saw the midnite showing of Spiderman 2. It was really, really great. I find this hard to say because I really enjoyed the first one, but this one totally suprassed it and my expectations for it. I thought it was going to be overhyped like the rest of the summer movies, but Sam Raymi didn't disappoint, plus, having hot assed Tobey Maguire in a sometimes shredded Spidey suit didn't hurt either. Do yourself the favor and get your ass out to see it. Even if you have to sit in a theatre full of ignorant chuckleheads yelling "Awwwwwww sheeeeit son, that kid got knocked out. That was C r A z Y".

 Who's the Brithday Girl??? heres a hint Her name rhyms with Beavah

 The Pre Birthday Review Wow. Simply put, just wow is all I can say. Friday night was probably the best birthday party I've had ever. It was nothing over the top, nothing crazy, just an absolutely amazing night spent with amazing, wonderful people. My boyfriend and his roomates were super awesome and lent me their house to host my party. My local group of people showed up for the festivities shortly after 8, we ate some dinner and then we started drinking. As the night wore on more friends from high school who I hadn't seen in about a year showed up and that was also cool. My brother, his girl, their friend and my cousin also showed up along with 2 other friends from New York. Once everyone was here and had played enough Kings, Asshole or "forestry" to get good and "happy" my boyfriend (who is quite possibly the best most incredible guy in the world (and now its been proven)) gave me the first of many awesome surprises. He got everyone together and they sang happy birthday to me and he had Ice cream cake (my favoritest!) and all these candles. I'll have a birthday photo album up so y'all can check it out, but I want to wait for tonight to be over first. It was so great, I felt like when you're a lil kid in school and you get to bring in cupcakes and all the kids in your class sing to you. Since I'm a summer baby I never got to do that, so this was awesome and so so fun (c: It almost made me cry thats how great it was. Also, this year, none of the cake or whipped cream ended up in my face in front of a bar full of people, so that was swell. After the first party crowd dispersed around midnight my brother, Katy, my cousin and Andrew chilled for a while until about 1:30 when the second party started. Todd, his roomate, and Bex and Vicki came home with 2 guys from their hockey team. The very accurately named "Animated Kevin" and Fabs. More hilarity ensued. I had been partying since 8 though, so I called it a night around 3, my brother left around 2:30 and the rest of the party went til about 7 or 8 in the a.m. Nice! Saturday morning Andrew gave me my birthday present. I'm now one step closer to full on mac geek-dom and the proud owner of a bright, shiny new, totally excellent: iPod! Yayayayayayay! He's not just awesome for buying such a kick ass present, but it didn't hurt his cause. I snoozed around the house and then Bex and I headed out to PNC Bank Arts Center to see The GetUp Kids *my faves but we got there too late and missed 'em*, Thrice and Dashboard Confessional. I have to say I'm not the hugest Dashboard fan, but seeing them and getting to hear more than just "Screaming Infidelities" made me defintiley start to dig 'em. We had a random run-in with Twan on the way home, Bex was accosted by some drunk wierdo who wanted Burger King and we sang Diana Ross and much other cheezy music in the car on the ride home. Sunday I got all girlified with my mommy and we went and got manicures and pedicures then to the mall to pick out some presents and eat some chinese food. Not too shabby. I'm not sure when I'll acutally be getting the pressies from my mom, but not to worry. I ended up at Chez Megan (home of tonight's totally awesome pool party) to look at pictures with Bex, Josh and Andrew and then we went out to Boston Market for some yummy eats. Came home, Bex, Todd Andrew and I found a new addiction: the Surreal Life. Holy what a crock of crap, but its a train wreck so you have to watch. Here we are, Monday moring. My acutal birthday. Andrew woke me up with Dunkin Donuts Iced French Vanilla Coffee and a Strawberry frosted donut my favoritest breakfast (see what I mean about how thoughtful and amazingly awesome he is) and Bex and I are going to head to the beach later, then out to delicious birthday dinner at FISH and then the lovely Megs is hosting my "proper" birthday bash. This is seriously the best weekend of my entire life. I want to thank everyone who participated for just being so awesome and so fun and such good friends. You're all amazing people and I love you all and I'm looking forward to this next year with you. urlLink Look, I even still get RonFez.Net Birthday Threads!!!

 Dear Mrs. Petrina S. Fuzzybutt, You are so thoughtful and awesome and truly the llama's pajamas. Thank you so much for the pressies. I love them! Your timing, as always is impeccable. Thank you, hun! XoXoXo, The Diva

 I've Got Nothing Yup, so I'm alive. My allergies are making me insane-o, but other than that I gots nothing. Kick ass weekend is about to happen: Party for my birthday tomorrow night (my birthday is acutally Monday, but a lil pre-emptive partying never hurt anyone, right?) If you're interested in the details of it or wanna come: send me a saucy email. Dashboard/Get Up Kids concert at PNC Saturday night. Sunday will be my recovery day (as the boy will be at his *real* home most of the day), dinner at F.I.S.H. and then a pool party on Monday proper. Its gonna rock the socks off of last years birthday. Yayayay!

 urlLink Soledad O'Brien

 My Fucking Ruling Your Lame Ass Snowboard, Bitches! urlLink The whole board . urlLink The Red Girl . urlLink The Blue Girl . See, I told ya it was good!

 P.S. Again I would also like to say: I have the most amazing, wonderful, creative, awesome and AMAZING artistically talented boyfriend on the planet! How good is he? So good, that I don't think that there is, in fact, a word to describe his ass kicking-ness (See, he's so good I have to make up words like asskickingness!) This can only mean one thing: my snowboard deck is completed and is so rocking that it rocked my face right off. You should see it, I look pretty silly with out a face! I will have pics up tonight of it (the snowboard, not my faceless head) and you can all be jealous because no one on the PLANET now has the same deck as me and the only thing that could possibly be hotter than the design he did for me is the design he's gonna do for himself when he gets his own snowboard. Thank you, Andrew, you're the best (c:

 Just Another Manic Monday A girls weekend in the Pocconos every once in a while is good for the soul, I assure you. Its also good that the aforementioned girls weekend involved a lot of Sangria in pretty wine glasses (even if they're plastic), fresh baked cookies, card games, never have I ever and perhaps the filming of the most scandalous (non-pr0n) videotape EVER. I don't think I've laughed so hard in ages. Its nice to have girly friends who you're on the same page with. Outlet shopping also helps this greatly. Why am I addicted to urlLink Pacific Sunwear >?? I also heard that the lovely Missy of RFBabies fame and Jeff of urlLink Ron Fez.net fame got engaged this weekend on the show. Congrats to the two of you and best wishes for the happiest, healthiest, kitty & puppy filled life together! You two deserve nothing but the best! (c: One week until my birthday, Happy Birthday today, to my cousin Melissa (not the previously mentioned Missy) and don't forget its urlLink Anna's birthday on Wednesday. Get her somethin' nice! Remember kids: its fine at the time, but its a mess in the morning!

 Musings on the News Did you ever think about the "point" of the news? Furthermore, have you ever actually sat down and listened to or watched the news? Seriously, I think the news is a cleverly devised way to satiate everyone's need for gossip, while doing it under the guise of being informative and keeping the public abreast of issues. If you think about the nightly news stories on your local news broadcast there are stories about the current state of our country, about the war we're fighting in Iraq and then there are the tabloid pages. People who delve professionally into the lives of celebrities digging up dirt. Does anyone really care about the details surrounding Marc Anthony's divorce and marriage to Jennifer Lopez? Does anyone really need to know that teen-queen Lindsay Lohan's father got arrested for fighting with his brother or that she *might* be dating Wilmer Valderamma? Seriously, if this is all you have to care about in your life or you're even remotely interested in this kind of mindless fodder: I'd like to have the ignorance-is-bliss stress free vacation that is your life. Once they've covered all that we get to the local stories. Children's parents fighting at local sporting events, people stealing money from a county office, pedophiles in a church, people fighting to keep a Burger King out of their town because it will "attract the wrong kind of people". We watch this every night and head in to work the next day to stand around the water cooler and gossip about it. Inevitably someone in your office will have an "inside scoop" on the story from their "husband's dog's mother's postman's chiropractor" who once sat next to the guy accused of having the house on the block that's an eyesore at Gino's Italian restaurant in Bay Ridge and can attest to the fact that he's a nutbar based solely on the conversation he over heard. They'll put these stories under the guise of human interest, or a problem-solvers type of story, they'll even file it just under general local news. None of this really makes us more informed individuals who are now more socially aware of our surroundings and the issues that will affect us everyday. No, its just made it easy for us to tap into the guilty pleasure of voyeurism. We can get away with having our nose all up in other people's business with out having to get to know them or feel ashamed for being so nosy. I know there are people out there ready to offer up the argument "Well aren't blogs basically another form of voyeurism?" Yes, absolutely. I don't have beef with the blogs though, because they don't sensationalize every single minute and retarded story like the world is going to end because Jane Smith from Putnam County forged checks on the Board of Educations check stock and deposited them in her own account. I think the media generally has gotten out of hand, we don't get a fair picture of ANYTHING these days and everything is hounded and blown so far out of proportion in such a disgusting way that I don't find the news even remotely credible these days. I know as a whole we'll never get a completely accurate picture of events from the news, and I know that it is informative somedays when an issue comes up that was unbeknownst to the public previously, but will seriously affect them. My point is just the media needs to be put in check. They need to start reporting responsibly and not just jumping the gun to be the first to break a story. It doesn't matter if you broke it first if you have none of the details correct. I believe in our right to know what's going on with our country, but at the same time I'm willing to trust the government (at least one person, somewhere in the government) knows what they're doing and I don't need to hear about all the new behind-the-scenes safety measures. Didn't you ever think they're behind the scenes for a reason? This tabloid-fueled peeping Tom media frenzy needs to stop and we need to turn back to a time when there were responsible journalists reporting ACCURATELY on issues that matter to everyone, not just filling an hour with stories that let us our noses in someone else's private life. This has been my Diva-torial...Thank you! Whoops, wrong urlLink place

 P.S. urlLink 50 First Dates is a really cute movie.

 Thank Yous To Meg & Stay: that was a good walk yesterday and it wasn't painful or otherwise excruciating. We can do it! To Officer Salerno: your rude attitude, condescending manner and ability to write me 2 tickets while threatening to give me a myriad of others will just give me the aggrivation to get motivated to get a work out done. To Andrew: for putting up with my insanity this past weekend. I appreciate your patience and your ability to cheer me up when I'm in one of my moods. You're the best. *mwah!*

 French Fries Are Fress Vegitables ! ! ! Batter-coated french fries are a fresh vegetable, at least according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). under the Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act, batter-coated french fries can be considered fresh vegetables. Most other kinds of frozen french fries have been classified that way since 1996. The USDA explained that this classification applies only to rules of commerce, not nutrition it's still the fun not ketchup and freis is a 2 vegitable Meal now what the heck is pepper made of is it made of peppers how come peppers don't taste like pepper and Theres devil fleas out there i dont have them but i hear about them from my freind tina shes all liek the fleas only on the cats and im like that's devil fleas the end

 Googlisim Stolen from urlLink Jonnie , who inevitably stole it from someone else. I've fished out the more entertaining ones and higlighted the best. Apparently I'm some sort of less-than-legal aged animal/drag queen? deja is the best place to answer any questions i have about linux issues deja is getting what looks like a good home deja is also the relationship and sexuality content director of urbangoat deja is no exception deja is the life of the party deja is blue with flashy white markings deja is no different deja is drivable deja is gone deja is your friend deja is attempting to become more efficient and is exploring all their options deja is a "constant struggle" (Ha, doesn't urlLink he know how true that is!) deja is busy helping you decide what to buy next deja is dead deja is one girl who's site is filled with lots of personality deja is really going wild deja is available anywhere that you can get an internet connection deja is really good deja is one of the few people on the planet who can work on my level deja is quiet deja is one of our new generation drag/club kid performers deja is essentially a 'work tool' to me deja is 12 years old and can be very bashful though warms up quickly when she is out of the cage deja is disconcerting deja is sometimes behind on the most current posts deja is living with a family who loves her deja is the only one still living she is 7 or will be on jan 26th deja is a thirteen deja is pictured above with me deja is no more deja is her name her at fantasy ranch deja is a black american saddlebred mare and is an unlikely addition to a trakehner breeding farm in the eyes of many

 Man, I Love Being A Turtle Diva Well, not really. I'm cranky, crampy, angry, want to rip people's heads off and piss on the stump of their necks. I'm starving, but not in the mood for anything. Any time anyone says anything their voice and general stupidity grates on my nerves, hardcore. My back hurts, I couldn't sleep well last night and I feel uber groady. Mehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

 Countdown 2 weeks EXACTLY until my birthday, bitches. I expect urlLink pressies! Also: Its 9 days til urlLink Anna's birthday. Also buy her stuff.

 There Goes That Last Remaining Shred of Self-Esteem I Had... urlLink Mattel to launch Barbie(tm) clothing line in 2004.

 A Nice, Long Weekend I got to take Friday off not for Regan's day of mourning, but because I literally had NOTHING to do and since there would be no mail delivery there would be nothing coming in for me to do either. My supervisor agreed and since I had the vacation time she let me take the day. I got my hair done (red again as is my usual now) and just generally vegged out. Thursday night was pretty crazy 'cause we too Megan to Finn's for the first time. We all got pretty snotted and it was a good time indeed, but I was a little burnt from that so I stayed in Friday. No motivation whatsoever to go out. Saturday was a really nice day so mom and I went to go Stepford Wives. It was cute and pretty funny and it mocked Connecticut and more specifically my Town (under the guise of "Stepford" of course). I think the best line was probably "And I thought to myself 'Where could I build a town of robots that nobody would notice? Connecticut!'". So, so true, hahaha. Saturday night Megan, Becki, Stacey and I ended up going up to Danbury for a yummy girls night out dinner and some chit chat that we all needed to catch up on. Good times indeed. I learned a valuable lesson that night though: you can't fit a shopvac and 4 people into a Jetta. Well, you *can*, but its not very comfortable for people of a Bex and Meggish nature. (c: Went to urlLink the boy's house for some forestry and a lil MTV movie awards action (he loves Lindsay Lohan). I think the best part of the show (aside from the Beastie Boys performance) was this commercial that aired during it which showed black people pointing to jewelry saying "bling bling" and eventually a white girl over hears it at school and uses it and then all the white kids are saying it and then their parents are saying it. It ends with a screed reading "Bling Bling 1997- 2003" it was pretty goddamned funny. Sunday we went to the Pallisades center to Best Buy and the Apple store and a couple of other places here and there, came home, watched the tube for a lil while and then it was off to hockey, well for the boys at least. Bex and I had some beers and cheered and watched Reg win his game! Woo! He made some pretty good saves, so I'm all proud. Unfortunately Todd's opponents forfeited so that kinda sucked, but it was no biggie. that's it. Pretty boring to read about, but fun to have participated in. Also: if there is someone on the planet that's *not* playing Halo yet: what the HELL are you waiting for. I suck at it, but its still pretty fun. (My guy is pink! Woooo!)

 And Now For Something Completely Different... As mentioned in yesterday's comments I give you: urlLink Sports Cartoons Hopefully this will jog some of your memories. Many people often give me long, blank stares when I tell them about these.

 Some National Passtime As promised my watered down rant on baseball (I'm a little lazy to type today so this might not convey the absolute passion with which I truly hate baseball) Baseball is the lazy man's sport. Disagree with me if you will, you're entitlted to your opinion, but its the absolute most BORING sport to watch on television, short of somethign like maybe curling. The whole concept of baseball is even backwards. Essentially when batting you wait in line to do your thing. Upon your turn, if you do what you're SUPPOSED to do and hit the ball: you have to run around in the hot sun, sweat, slide in the dirt, get all smelly. That sucks. If you don't do what you're supposed to do and miss the ball you can sit down on the bench, enjoy some gatorade, b.s. with your teammates, chew some sunflower seeds. Its a party! Where is the motivation to do well and get the hits? Oh thats right, there isn't any. Of all of the athletes in professional sports (the 4 major ones: baseball, basketball, football and hockey) baseball players are the most out of shape (do the words urlLink Sid Fernandez mean anything to you?) Let's not even get me started on the "hotties" of baseball. Derek Jeter? Alex Rodrigurez? Nasty. Then we get to the fans. Yanks fans I'm not even gonna pick on you today becuase frankly, I dont have the energy to deal with your arrogant, pigheaded, 'the yankees are the best team ever and I worship them because t.v. tells me its cool to' attitudes today. Just feel satisfied in the fact that I still hate you just as much as I always have. I just intensely dislike most baseball fans, mostly because I dislike baseball, so well I guess thats a moot point. I just think its a boring awful mess and my disdain for it only grew after dating a "baseball history buff" who only ever talked about it and quoted stats about it and historical things that I could really GIVE 2 SHITS about so much that it came to the point when he'd open his mouth to say anything (baseball related or not), I'd cringe. Its not a great game, there is nothing majestic, stoic or heroic about it or its players. American's love it and it's our passtime because its the lazy mans game and we as a nation are, well, a little bit lazy. Let the flames begin if you must, but I just hate, hate, HATE it!

 True To My Woochata(tm) Roots I'm such a chick when it comes to sports. That's not to say that I dislike sports, because honestly I really love watching hockey and football and UConn Basketball, but when it comes to choosing teams I like or who I think will win: let the estrogen flow! I have a few teams that I'm dearly devoted to for hockey its the Rangers, Avalanche and Dallas Stars. (Though my recent trip to Toronto may cause me to scrap the Avs and Stars and stick with the Rangers & Leafs). For football I love the Jets and the Titans. So when one of "my teams" is playing, I'll naturally root for them. Any other time though I pick with my chach. That is to say I've played football pools and made sporting bets where I've chosen teams solely on whose uniform colors and or logo I like better, who has the cuter players or who has the more "heart warming" story (dude, I can't help it..Its the hormones). Anyhow, for the Stanley cup finals I know a lot of the hockey purists wanted Calgary to win as they felt the cup needed to be returned to Canada and it had been over 10 years since a Canadian team had one, and yes, Jarome Iginla is kinda cute in a weird way, but his looks and their "need" for the cup was no match to that of the Tampa Bay Lightning. First of all I have to say 3 things: urlLink Martin St. Louis , urlLink Vinny Lecavalier & urlLink Brad Richards (who is also the Conn Smythe winner,BTW). My real reason for rootin' for the Lightning though, was the fact that urlLink Dave Andreychuk has been in the goddamned N.H.L. as long as I've been alive and had never won the cup (correct me if I'm wrong, but I also think he never even made it to the finals...in 22 years?!?). I'm a sucker for stuff like that so I wanted to see the lil fella win. Win they certainly did. I thought it was a pretty scrappy series, lots of good hits, goals and saves and everyone seemed to be "on" the entire time. Some of the best hockey I've seen in a while (and trust me, lately I've seen a LOT of freakin' hockey). Anyhow, big ups to the Bolts and tune in tomorrow, same diva time, same diva channel for my rant about why I hate baseball and I think its the biggest, dumbest, suckiest sport ever. (Aside from my disdain for the Yankees and the legions of their "die-hard" fans who only like them 'cause its trendy to.)

 History of a Boring Town Some of the folks here in my office decided that today would be "Yearbook Day". What? Well, you see they bought a whole bunch of bagels and spreads and juice and candy and set it all up in the conference room and in order to get in and enjoy it you had to bring in your high school yearbook (or wedding or baby photos if you couldn't find your yearbook) so that everyone could see where we all came from. Far be it from me to pass up a) free food and b) an opportunity to not work so I took one for the team and brought my book in. I took a lot of flack because I'm the youngest person here aside from the summer interns. I brought in my yearbook from my Junior year of high school and got lots of "Oh please, you still look the same" or "That doesn't even count...My pets are older than you" kind of comments but all in all it was a pretty fun experience. Working for a municipal government we have a lot of "Townies" here, so we got yearbooks from my high school that spanned the decades and it was funniest looking through the faculty section and seeing what teachers were still there and how they looked way back when. It also got me thinking about how much I absolutely loathe many of the people I considered "friends" in high school. There are some whom I genuinely enjoyed (and in some cases still continue to enjoy) their company, but for the most part as I read over all the "we'll always be friends and hang out everyday this summer" messages I cringe a little bit. I'm fortunate for having a falling out with my high school friends halfway through my first semester at college though I thought it would absolutely be the death of me at the time. (Can we tell I was a drama queen even from the beginning, LOL) It allowed me to meet a lot of really great people whom I never would have met otherwise (many of them are even linked to this blog!) and I got to do a lot of things that I enjoyed that weren't quite within the confines of an "ideal", or should I say "stereotypical", act from a twenty-something in my Town. For this: I'm thankful. To my real friends: thank you for being by my side and being in my life, you mean more to me than I'll ever let on. To my faux friends: I appreciate your brief appearance in my life and I hope that I learned something from you. Thanks for pushing me in a direction I might not have gone without you.

 Dead

 Friday Free For All I think my experience last night at the No Doubt/Blink 182 concert can be summed up in the following phrase I overheard someone utter on a cellphone conversation: "I think I'm the oldest person here thats not accompanying a kid, but I'm only 23!" Wow. Anyhow, Blink were very funny, very good, Travis is TOTALLY insane, but there were some akward moments when they started to play some old stuff (and by old stuff I only mean pre-Enema of the State) and they cut out to let the crowd sing and most of the teenyboppers there didn't know the words. It was a little cringeworthy to say the least. Also: I'm not exaggerating there must have been about 200+ people there (guys and girls mixed) in BRIGHT PINK blink trucker caps & VonDutch (or VonBitch) shirts. Seriously, I hate them all and wish scorching cases of the clap for all of them. Also I'm making a mental note to self: Kill Ashton Kutcher, he really annoys the everlivingpiss out of me. No Doubt was acutally really good, they played almost entirely singles, but there were a few old school songs, and I am absolutely enamoured/obsessed with/need to be Gwen Stefani. Seriously, she fucking kicks ass. The seats were pretty great **BIG UPS TO ONE BROWN EYED HANK FOR THE TIX!!** and it was a fun time, even if I was awash in a sea of 8th Grade Puberty Love. It was a fun way to kick of my summer of concerts. I used to go to shows religiously and I haven't been to one in ages, well, except last summer, but before that it had been like 2+ years. The rest of the summer concert line up is as follows: June 24: *possibly* (I'm still looking for peeps to go with) Reel Big Fish at Roseland Ballroom June 26: Dashboard Confessional/Thrice/The Get Up Kids at PNC July: The Roots/311 at PNC August 7 or 8: Warped Tour (still finalizing) August 18: Maroon 5/John Mayer at Jones Beach and a few others which are TBA. Yeah, so I'm a huge teenybopper/lameass/whatever you wanna call me, but screw you guys I like these bands so eat my butt! Tonight there is a school benefit with a $20K raffle and open bar that I'll be attending with the lovely OBE Hank, The Future Mrs. OBE Hank, Reg, an assasinated senator and a few others. Needless to say some sort of debauchery will ensue (photos to come). The rest of my weekend will probably be spend recouping from Friday, but if you wanna hang out hit me up, no promises, but if I can move: I'll be there. 24 shopping days left until my birthday, hoes. I love you all so dearly and since my last 2 birthdays ended disastrously I expect some of you to help me kick some ass this year. I've been a little under the weather the last few days, today being no exception, but I'm trying to make the best of it. I'm getting better daily at driving stick and I'm averaging 21 miles to the gallon, w00t. Um...thats really all thats been exciting thats been going on with me. So I guess I'll end it here. Oh! I almost forgot: CONGRATULATIONS TO: Ian & Katie on the birth of their first child, a son: Rowan Daniel on May 17, 2004 (daddy & baby have the same birthday (c: ) Andy & Jess on the Birth of their first child, a daughter: Juliet who was born Tuesday or Wednesday June 1st or 2nd. (I said it before, I'll say it again...June babies are the best babies!) Happy Belated Birthday to K.C.

 2 Dead Squrills I Havent Posted if anyone cared Why?? Because of A Few Things 2 Dead Squrills in a pool one named Patrick Swazy one named paul Bolth Dance to Foot Loose Moving Wood touching Wood Working The Wood Pounding Wood alot of wood related Activities Chopping down Dying or Dead or in the Way Trees Leaf blowing Leaf Sweeping Leaf Scooping Leaf Bagging "I Don't KNow this Chalabi guy i might of met him once he never told me anything he jsut sat behind my wife in the special freind Section at the state of the union" oh oh urlLink JUNE 25th EVERYWHERE more reasons Power Washers Are fun Deck Staining Not so fun urlLink Elvis Fights Mummies and i saw this joke and it made me laugh and laugh and laugh (How can you tell the difference between an emo girl and an emo boy? The boys wear the tighter pants.) Now my Post for the week is done i have ot go do More yard Work at My Brothers girlfriends house

 Good Riddance Na na na na, na na na na...hey hey heyyyyyyy GOOOOD BYEEEEEEEE!

 Oh Yeah: 28 days til my birthday, motherbitches.

 T R E V O R So I promised pics of my new car, Trevor and here they are: urlLink Exterior Shot urlLink Rim Closeup urlLink Interior urlLink Still Girly urlLink Gangsta Radio, lol I managed not to stall out once this weekend either, yay!

 ARRRRRGGGHHHHHH Some of the funniest times in life are when you have killed a 12 and are hanging with a ferocious pirate who then starts in with Pirate Pick-up Lines, such as: "Hey Baby...you can Shiver My Timbers any day!" "How 'bout (that) you put your patch on MY eye!?" "Thats not a wooden leg thats my ....." "Yo Ho Blow the Man Down stairs" "Arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrggghhhh you free Saturday night?" "Is there an 'X' on the seat of your pants? Because it appears that there's wond'rous booty buried underneath!" Thats when Brigadier General Bud Light came and the party was complete. What an awesome time.

 A Guest Post...Sort of Apparently my list yesterday inspired the wolf, another nut residing at the Hillcrest Suites to make a list of his own. It was too big for the comments, but he was kind enough to email it to me and I'll be damned. Its pretty funny (c: well well, this is my first comment on the diva site....not sure what's prompting me to do this, maybe cause my boy one brown eye is officially a member now, and i know he will read this....anyways, i read your list diva, and i materialized my own: Grande soft tacos are the greatest invention of man, with fire and the wheel coming in a close 2nd and 3rd respectively. Just when i thought i couldn't like 311 more then i already did, a sweet ass concert comes along and makes me fall in love with Nick Hexum all over again. Ben Franklin once said, "Halo is proof that God loves us." I am slowly but surely becoming a Hubba's afficianado, next on my list -> fried clams with chili and cheese .. "i'm SERIOUS!!" Hornswaggled, hoodwinked, hogwash, bamboozled, and button-hooked are all fun words to use in every day life. The Don Labia seems to have some letters missing from his keyboard. The Hillcrest Girls crack me up. Taco bell is my crack, and beeks is my dealer. bAruce (or bruceski) may not be better than tom at halo, but he's better than tom at life 29 is the truth that's it, i'm off like a prom dress peace/violence fockers -wolf

 A Thursday List I've got nothing right about now so all you get is this crappy list: My allergies are killing me today urlLink Jonnie & Sandra are so cute, go see! Halo is consuming my will to get off the couch I'm b e a t today. Can't deal with it Today is my last official day here at work I literally don't have to do a goddamned thing all day here at work I have the cutest boyfriend I'm in the mood for sushi I need a nap iPods are the one gadget everyone needs to have The Hillcrest Boys crack me up Bex and I are going to learn to play hockey

 A Haunting in Georgia

 A Mini-Celebration Today is urlLink me & the boy's sixth monthaversary. Andrew: I just wanted to say thank you for a really awesome six months, its been a lot of fun and aside from finding an awesome boyfriend I've found someone who ended up being one of my very best friends. Whether snowboarding, trekkin' around Toronto, going to your hockey games, Halo (even if you *do* always win) or just lounging around the house I always seem to have a great time when I'm with you. You've made it easy for me to just be me, I'd forgotten how easy that was. So, as I said earlier, thank you for six months of smiles and here is to the next six. xoxo, Dey

 WHY GOD???? WHY??????? &nbsp; Somewhere-In the world, Police say this was an "Isolated Incident" but others are scared for their lives. "He was such a great person...Mr. Blue never hurt anyone!&nbsp; Who would do such a thing?" wonders Mr. Blue's next door neighbor Al Cohol(far right) "Its chilling...makes you fear for your life" said Bud Weiser, local sherriff in these parts.&nbsp; With the 18th Annual Crunk Fest coming to Ale-en Town in less than a month, police officials are now taking precautions to make sure this doesnt happen again. &nbsp; "We are starting a furious manhunt to try and capture the cold-hearted person that is responsible for this crime against humanity" said Deputy Anne Heiser.&nbsp; "They wont get away" &nbsp; Police say if you have any information to please call 1-888-555-3333. &nbsp;

 The Final Countdown Well, that's almost it. I cleaned out my desk. Its kind of sad to think that my whole life here at work for the better part of 4 years fits in one small paper box. Granted I still have tomorrow and Thursday to work, tie up any loose ends and collect anything I may have forgotten, but I have had it pretty good here, the people are annoying (and sometimes gimpy and smelly) but many are a lot of fun, the pay was good (even though I always bitched I wanted more $$) and I didn't really *do* much but blog and chat on aim, which while boring is still pretty cushy, but something about this job just wasn't for me. Wasn't the direction I wanted to go. Why is this post so whiny. Whatever. I'm not acutally sad to be moving on, I'm glad that I have a chance to get out while I'm still young and can go the direction I want, but I'm just nervous that there is something big I'm either a) forgetting to tell the peopel to do or b)leaving behind at the office. Oh well, I can always come visit. Better to be outside lookin' in than inside looking out.

 Weekend Review Okay First of all (Andrew please avert your eyes for a moment) this was a weekend filled with the following hotties: Nick Hexum, Jake Gyllenhaal & Matt Damon. Friday night I had to urlLink work until 8:30, but we had a good crew workin' so it was lots of fun (gasp, did I just say working on a Friday night was fun). After that Andrew and I went to see the Bourne Supremacy. I enjoyed it. I thought it was well done, left it open for a third film and of course there was plenty of Matt Damon-y eye candy. My only complaint about the film (aside from the fact that there was probably eleventybillion people in the theatre with us) was that as Andrew put it, "the camera was a little BlairWitchy", which made me kind of nauseous, but after we'd been home for a bit my stomach finally settled down. Saturday I came home and I watched some of the Bourne Identity with my mom (who'd never seen it and suprisingly enjoyed it) and I got ready to go to the urlLink 311 show at P.N.C. I was excited to see the show as I do like 311 and their opening act was the Roots, which made me all the more excited, but it was nowhere near as close to being as excited as Andrew as they're one of his 2 favorite bands. Needless to say when his boss stumbled upon 4 V.I.P. tickets for free in addition to the 3 regular seats we'd already purchased he was pretty amped for the show. Todd, Andrew, my cousin and I headed down to the show to use the new tickets (they also entitled us to some tasty bbq before the show and 3 free beers, even if it was just miller lite, it was free, so it tasted a lil better) and my brother and his chick headed down to use 2 of the tickets we'd had before. The Roots were pretty great, the bassist tore it up and they really just put on a show that got you amped. The seats were awesome, you could see everything that was happening on stage with out the use of the monitors and you could even make out facial expressions and stuff...good times. When 311 came on it was just nuts, as I said earlier I knew I'd enjoy the show 'cause I do like the band, but I wasn't anywhere near as amped as Reg. They came out, played a ton of songs I knew and loved (Down, Beautiful Disaster, Eons, Random, All Mixed Up, Love Song, Amber, Uncalm) and one new song that I hadn't heard before which was pretty kick ass too. They kept the crowd's energy up which was cool and it was just a lot of fun, a lot more than I was expecting to have and I would easily put it in the top 5 shows I've ever seen. Good times indeed. Sunday Andrew and I grabbed a quick breakfast at the diner than each of us headed of to our own respective jobs & naptimes and met up again later that night. All in all it was a pretty great weekend. I certainly had a blast and as if my weekend wasn't good enough, I had a dream sometime last night/this morning about meeting Jake Gyllenhaal in some restaurant/ice house in like Minnesota or Alaska or something and he was broken up with Kirsten Dunst and wanted to hang out with me 'cause my friend Adam met him in Japan and told him I was cool. Wishful thinking? Sure, but it was nice while it lasted. (c: That'll do it for now, catch ya on the flipside, childrens!

 HOW 'BOUT THAT!? Well, another year older. I have received the rank of Pops Jr. and will serve the regime proudly. I heard that a certain concert Satruday night was pretty damn awesome. I got droonk and did the lindy hop. All in all the birthday was good and presents were plentiful. Sometimes I feel like I live a double life due to my living at "The Suites" and then going to Breezy every weekend. Totally different worlds I guess. Enough ramblings from me. The picture you see above is from urlLink HALO 2" which is going to kick major hiney when it circulates on November 9, 2004. Hank would also like to take the time to thank The Diva, Reggie Roo, Pops K, Viceroy and Beekxs for their continued support through evil forest that lies ahead. Thanks guys! Ok...now for this week's $1,000,000.00 question. There's a bomb on a bus. Once the bus goes 50 miles an hour, the bomb is armed. If it drops below 50, it blows up. What do you do?

 Feliz Cumpleaos, Seor Hank! Happy birthday, Hank! I hope its a great one, you certainly deserve it!! Much Love, The Diva

 Come on Down... Ted's bargain basement pajama store is going out of business!! Check out this guy's pair of Super Ninja PJ's!!&nbsp; Dope! Now since this is my first post I must proclaim that I am not 'Officially' working for Teds but I love the place so damn much I just have to plug it whenever I get a chance. Ole' OneEye is having a birthday this weekend but the weather is going to suck therefore so is his birthday.&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh well.&nbsp;&nbsp; I must apologize to the legions that waited for my post.&nbsp; Hank will be quicker on the toes in the future.&nbsp;&nbsp; That is all for now.&nbsp; I shall return to the faithful on Monday.&nbsp; "You Stay Classy Blogger Friends!"&nbsp;

 no one ever lite a Flamming bag of poo on my door step but if they did i wouldn't stomp it out cause im not dumb enough to put my foot in fire why are other people that stupid? in a related story i know two kids who filled up a boot with mostly gasolin and lite it on someones front portch but then they got caught and charged with a hate crime cause the fmaily thought it was cause the daughter got a abortion go figer flamming boot = hate crime

 The Virus Is Spreading I want to say whats up to our newest writer, One Brown Eyed Hank. He's a very kick ass, cool dude and he cracks me up on a consistent basis so you all are gonna enjoy it (or else I'll come personally kick your ass myself!) His profile will be up in the next few days so you can learn more about this man of mystery. I'm sure you'll all be waiting with baited breath, so to satisfy your curiosity I leave you with this shot of the man, the myth, the legend in his mask:

 Turn And Face the Strain Okay, so a few changes around here, the black was getting boring and it had been a while since I'd updated the site so I figured eh, why the hell not. Also, we may be taking on another writer to the site so *hopefully* look for that in the near future. We should probably get a more manly domain other than "dynamitediva", but well, what can you do, way back when this was a one-diva show. Alright, I'll give you all a real post tomorrow. Ciao!

 No, I'm NOT Pregnant I'm just in the mood for some garlic mashed potatoes and maybe one or 2 spears of some yummy deli pickles, a little lobster bisque soup, some of my urlLink Target cookies with all the icing that someone (ahem, Reginald)ate, cotton candy and some mint iced tea and maybe a mojito or 2...or 8. Oh and some pizza fries would be yummy too, round it out with a bowl of short sticky rice and some cucumber salad and maybe an order of spinach from urlLink F.I.S.H. and I'd be able to die happy right now. Wait, acutally, I'd need to throw down with some serious BBQ ribs and cornbread as well then. Yeah...I think that's it. Somehow the reason I can't lose any weight remains a mystery to me, go figure!

 Hello, My Name is Deja and I'm An Addict Halo, its consuming my will to live. Well, not really, but I spend the majority of my free time playing it with Beex and the boys at Hillcrest Suites. I have 2 guys(both are pink). I'm starting to get better and jus trying to stay low on the radar and hopefully I'll be able to just hide out and snipe people. There is nothing more satisfying that a single headshot to take a bitch out. This weekend I traded in my game cube and Andrew and I both traded in some games and we had enough credit to get a second XBox for the house. This one's name is Stumpy, but I call it Stimpy in honor of the fabulous Stimpson J. Cat. We linked Stumpy and the Caboose and now we can have 8 people playing at one time. It rocks. I hope One Brown Eyed Hank comes home sometime soon so we'll be able to get 3 vs. 3 going and some capture the flag or something cool like that. When I stand in the shower at Andrew's house the pipes make this weird sound like when you're by one of the portals. Sometimes his washing machine sounds like that too. I haven't played in about 10 hours. I'm starting to get the shakes. I don't know if I can make it. In other exciting video game news I went to this store (where we got the XBox from) and I bought 2 games for the original Nintendo: Ducktales (stop laughing, thats my fave Nintendo game ever!) and Battle Toads. Ducktales was $9.99 but the games were buy 1 get 1 free so I got them both for $10. Not too shabby. Thats all for now. I'll be back laters.

 J.B. III Well, the 2 songs from John's funeral mass just played back to back on the radio and then I realized that today is the six month mark of his death.&nbsp; I can't believe its been six months since he passed.&nbsp; I can't even believe really that he has passed.&nbsp; When I think of him I just think that he's still away at school and I get ready to ask my brother something about him and then I remember.&nbsp; &nbsp; The last six months have been an interesting one.&nbsp; So much has happened, but so much has stayed the same.&nbsp; Something in my brother is different though, as obviously he's lost his best freind.&nbsp; In the last year he's lost more of his innocence and naievete than he should have had to.&nbsp; He's not innocent by any means, but he's really had a rough year and his choices don't seem to be getting any better.&nbsp; Especially his new taste in freinds.&nbsp; They're awful people.&nbsp; Its easy to say that John was much better a friend now that he's passed, but seriously, we knew John forever and we knew he was good people and I guess that made it easier for us to overlook his flaws, but John was a good person.&nbsp; &nbsp; I'm sorry that this is kind of a downer entry, but I just needed to write this.&nbsp; John, please keep looking out for Jay, he needs your guidance more now than he ever has and we all miss you and you often cross our minds.&nbsp; R.I.P.

 I've Lit the Beacon One Brown Eyed Hank: The beacon is lit. Tonight is a drink 'til you boot night. I'm throwing down the gauntlet and challenging you to a drink off. I've been at work since 8 a.m. I'll be working straight through non-stop until 8:30 tonight. Upon my arrival at Hillcrest Suites the consumption of the SoCo & Lime shots will begin. Do you accept my challenge? What say you, rogue? - The Diva

 My Bissness My Bissness Is Beutiful!! I don't care what the people say i love This Sprint Comercial urlLink here read about it in a Ad trade mag God its the best comercial out there you probly love it and dont know you love it or secretly love it i publicly love it Check out this Ad Company urlLink Smuggler They made it they made some other good comercials out there alright thats all

 Finally, Some Down Time! Okay I've put in a full, busy morning here at the office and decided I've earned a break to blog or rant or maybe just recap stuff. I'm not really sure where this post will go, but I'm just going to put up what comes to mind. urlLink Becca wrote a post, kindly, or not so kindly asking people to "STFU" and I laughed my butt off. It was a much needed laugh, so, thank you for that. Hehe. I haven't had much of a chance to even read anyone else's blogs so I'll have to try and find some more time to do that (maybe after my lunch hour when everyone else is out of the office). I got re-hired at urlLink Starbucks so I'm officially a full fledged urlLink coffee wench again. My first shift is today after I'm done here at my first job (I'm going to be piggy backin' these 2 jobs for the next 12 business days, working from 8 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. M-Th...Needless to say I'm gonna be in an AWESOME mood). It's going to be a pain to make it through, but I'll have some extra cash and I won't have any time to spend any of it so though it seems sucky it'll be beneficial in the long run. This last weekend was a lot of fun, my friend urlLink Billy (jk, dude) had a party on Friday, so that was fun. Saturday was the infamous "Duckapalooza" which was a lot of fun. Andrew plays for a hockey team called the "Great Big Ducks" and at the end of every year the team has a party (hence the name). It was great. It was at this AMAZING house on the water and there was a jumpy castle, face painting, kegs, margaritas, incredible food, an ice cream man and just a ton of really nice, really cool people. All guys from the hockey team and their wives and kids. Bex and Todd came with us so it was cool. I took off early and went up to Mahopac with Megan and Ashley. We were supposed to go see one of Meg's friends, Greg, fill in with this band. Unfortunately the owner of the bar (a fat drunk old mess) decided he didn't like the sound of the opening act (a mix of tool and korn sounds) so he didn't do the polite thing and ask them to stop playing (or even let them finish their set and just not ask them back), nope. First he turned the jukebox on over them to try and drown them out, but they kept playing, and then he just walked over to them and turned the power off in the bar. It was quite possibly the rudest thing I've ever seen in my life. As if that wasn't lame enough, he called the cops and told them there was a fight at the bar (now for a bunch of 20somethings we were very calm) no one was screaming, no one was yelling, everyone was just chillin' and trying to be respectful, finish our drinks and then bounce. So 12 cops roll into the bar expecting some sort of riotous environment and they find nothing. So we all leave the bar and hung with the cops in the parking lot for a few minutes (they agreed the guy was a douche) and well, they were hot, so who were we to leave eye candy early? Sunday Andrew I and went to brunch, which was quite yummy. We sunned for a bit at my cousin's pool and watched the Butterfly Effect, and it wasn't quite the crapfest I was expecting. It wasn't the greatest movie ever, and the ending sucked, but it was disturbing and not too bad, (even if it did have Ashton Kutcher in it). It was still better than "Lost in Translation". I think that's about it, so yeah that was cool. I am so happy right now, not right this second per se, as I'm at work (boo!), but in general. It scares me to say that 'cause I don't want to jinx any thing, but I can't remember being this satisfied with my situation as I am now in a long time. I am surrounded daily by great, true friends, my family, an absolutely amazing boyfriend (with whom I become more smitten every day). I'm doing things, I'm smiling, I'm taking care of what I have to get done and I'm finally almost dug out of this rut I have been in since I got dismissed from UConn four years ago. To feel like the possibility for anything is out there is really exciting (wow that sounds hokey). I dunno, I just needed to gloat a little because really, I don't think I've got much I can complain about. Take care kiddies and I'll catch ya on the flipside!

 Pictures, Yay! urlLink Me & My Girls urlLink The Hillcrest Suites urlLink My 23rd Birthday!

 Today my friend said nigger by mistake in a store right next to a black guy i was ashamed and walked away another store a girl had a dryer sheet sticking outta her arm it was funny but then i felt sad for her and wanted to find her and fix it but she was gone poor girl probly having the dryer sheet in her arm all day i wonder if it was spring time fresh or just mountiany has that happend to you its been hard to write blogs i've been kinda bussy plus my internets been retarded i do belive these days you dont blog you aint nothing its jsut a fact it is the furture and were living in it espicaly with the coin counting machines in commerce bank theres a girl at commerce bank shes a teller she wasnt there today when i went to cash in change but she was there 3 other times i hope she still works there she looks like urlLink Margo Harshmen for somereason my internet is evil and wont work for me most of the day or for the day that im home whats with that its fricken 3:30 in the am and im checking out euro news its the sports now they make bike ridding and soccor sound so interesting but anywho anyone reading any good comics i got me Bolth Vollume 1 and 2 of urlLink Hush by Jeph Loeb, Jim Lee, and Scott Williams I dug it alot but i guess its a giving since it's all highly priased and what not i expect just jon to have read it i bet hell give a fact or somthing you should chekc comments for that then he better suggest somthign cause i got money to spend and i dont mind spending it on comics Hush is grapphic novels sooo in the single comics i really dig on alot right now liek 4 or 5 comic a week habbit its kinda bad yet i enjoy every one i pick up well sometimes one sucks then next issue i say no swamp thing you burned me i done thats it for a while its late night and i cnat sleep and the rap song about sweat dripping off some black guys balls is playing in the background as luke plays some race car game on ps2 ohoh spiderman the movie 2 game is pretty cool its like GTa but wiht spiderman and its cool i just love swining around new york and hanging on the building that should be 888 7th ave and im all like look at me im spiderman the end - xoxoxox - Sheep / Don labia / Conner Lingus p.s. i also have the abortion episodes of Degrassi the next gen "accidents will happen" part one and two so if you want it get either a g-mail account so i can e-mail it ot you orrr message me maybe we can Direct connect or when i get blank dvds i will burn and mail you it p.s DEGRASSI KICKS ASS HARD i love canadian teens espical gay teen angst oh yeah degrassi has gay teen agnst I don't mean hey thats gay I mean man love my freinds man love indeed

 Just Stoppin' By Not much to say other than another fabulous weekend with Andrew, Megs, Bex, Ashley and the rest of the crew. Here's a pic of Andrew and I from Duckapalooza 2004 (if I'm motivated I'll blog about it later. Yes, I realize I'm blogging now, but I don't feel like typing a lot. This is getting lengthy isn't it?[GET ON WITH IT!] Ok, ok I'm going) Not the best quality ever, but thats what happens when my lazy ass scans a really dark photograph and just tries to halfass lighten it up. I probably should have just emailed Andrew or Megan to fix it in Photoshop as thats basically their jobs, but it'll do for now.

 Cameron Diaz sex tape Yeah but anyways I WANT TECH TV BACK if anyone already had tech tv they knew it was the greatest channel ever but now it sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks Theres only 2 new screensaveres a week and 45 shows about videogames WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyyyyyyyyy its os bad i want the old tech back i want to learn about tech please somebody help the end urlLink p.s. If you wanna be a Terroist be the Domestic kind you only get 5 years

 I Think I'm Turning Japanese Stolen from urlLink Jonnie 'cause lets face it he has a lot of good linkies. My japanese name is ?? Endoh (distant wisteria) ??? Michiyo (three thousand generations) . urlLink Take your real japanese name generator! today! Created with urlLink Rum and Monkey 's urlLink Name Generator Generator . Well, technincally its Michiyo Endoh (in Japan they put the Family name first then the first name). Three thousand generations distant wistera. Not every intimidating...

 Lost In A Sea of Crap Last night the manpiece and I finally got around to watching Lost in Translation. It was so hyped from all of the people who'd seen it and by T.V. and so I figured it was worth a watch. Andrew wasn't too into watching it, but he caved 'cause I suffered through Dreamcatcher for him. Now maybe its just Andrew and I, but honestly we thought it sucked. It was painfully slow, only moderately funny at best, there was no release, no real point. Its just a couple more hours of my life gone, that I can't have back. Maybe I'm some ignorant rube who doesn't get the "big picture", but seriously: what a boring, unentertaining waste of my time. I keep having really violent nightmares at night and I can't sleep well. They've even started to wake Andrew up 'cause I've started talking aloud. Well, I dunno if I'm talking, but I'm definitley making sounds like mumblign or something. I'm also nervous 'cause I started taking some medication that's supposed to make me violently ill. I know other people who've taken this medication and they can attest to how sick you get. They even gave me meds at the hosptial to counteract the nausea, but I haven't had to use one. I'm scared the medicine might not be working, eeek! Anyhow thats all that's new here. You chicken fuckers better start leaving me comments even if I am boring, becuase I hate having no comments. Poop!

 Observations from Cube 2 My desk for some wierd reason smells like soy sauce and I'm salivating Pavlov's Dog style for some sushi right now. Short sleeved, button-down work shirts that are seas too big for you and worn tucked in look atrocious. Increase this atrocity expotentially by the number of colors in your ugly assed tie. My office will find any excuse to party. Today we're closing the office to have lunch at a little trattoria within walking distance called Tavola. When we return which will proabaly be no earlier than 2:30 we'll be having cake for my bosses birthday. By time those festivites wind down it should be well on its way to 3:30 at which point everyone starts shutting things down in order to "blow this pop stand" at 4 p.m. promptly. It's days like today that I think I'll miss the "efficiency" of the goverment that myself and fellow absent lunch-going coworkers help to achieve every day. I honestly think I might be partied out. Seriously the last 2 weeks are just an absoulte blur of booze, beer, green smoke, sleepless nights and days wasted sleeping all afternoon (not that I'm complaining, mind you) I just wish I could get back on some sort of normal schedule. Some freak in my office has decided to do away with the urlLink WCBS 880 newscast playing in the office on the radio and put on some "Lite FM" crap. My ears have been assaulted afternoon by the forced strains of Michael Bolton and Michael McDonald. Please someone tell me the quickest way to deafen myself. (Damn me for leaving my iPod at home today!)

 We've Got A Pulse Apologies lil lovelies for the lack of posting. Its absolutely insane here at work (July is always the "busy" month for me) and I only have 18 days of proper work here left (23 if you want to count the total number of days from now til the 29th). I'm not sure that I'll get around to writing much in the next few days, but I'll try. I had a really stellar weekend with the most amazing boyfriend ever and lots and lots of really great friends. I have decided to go back to urlLink slingin' lattes as a part time solution to supplement this job's income and give me something to do so I'm not totally unemployed. Oh yeah, plus tips from that job, so don't forget to tip your cute, lil redheaded baristas. :p I think thats it for me, nothing too great to blog about, hopefully the Don will come through with somethin' big and give us a post or 2 in my down time, but he's been quite busy as of late as well, building pools, burying bodies, you know...the usual. Also, congratulations are in order for Tina, John & Tristan Bentley on welcoming the newest member of their family, Seth Michael Bentley into the world. Seth, was born on June 28th, so you know he's gonna be a good egg (c:

 Crack Kills Braincells Someone at Dell Computers is DEFINITLEY on crack, because someone in their marketing department came up with a brilliant idea urlLink "Trade in your iPod and we'll give you $100 off of one of our crappy mp3 players" . Nice work, guys. Thats a real crack team of marketers you've assembled. Let me know how that works out for ya.

 And If Ya Don't Know Now Ya Know....... Whoa...kinda disappeared there for a moment. Well...nothing much to say. Hanging out at the Suites on an awesome Thursday afternoon. Seems that the Suites is gettin a classy upgrade. The inclusion of 26 bottles of wine and two, count 'em, two wine racks to house those bottles provide what the French call a 'Certain I Dont Know What'. Next thing ya know we will be holding the 1st Annual Hillcrest Suites Wine & Cheese Party. I can see it now. Tuxedo's, Dresses....Pinkie out! Also, the Great Viceroy presented Hank with an awesome birthday present. Pictures are to follow. I can not describe it, you just gotta see it. Aight people. I am outie like a Saudi. Enjoy yo weekend!

 Gone to Wildwood Avenge Me

 A Divalicious Update Howdy my lil bloggy babies. I havent had much time to chat, catch up on your blogs or even post here since I've been slingin' latte's full time, but its good for me. So far in this last week I've lost 5 lbs. I am always on my feet running around instead of being sedentary behind a desk all day and I don't have to worry 'bout my arms 'cause repeatedly lifting gallons of milk is good for buildin' biceps. To hell with the gym: I'm gonna go do some milk curls! Haha. Anyhow, Projekt Revolution tour last friday was pretty cool. Less Than Jake and the Used were good, it sucked that more people weren't into them. Snoop was pretty good (even if he *did* think he was at Jones Beach and not PNC), Korn. God, Korn rocked my fucking face off (no, they weren't the headliners, wtf!) and they did a really kick ass cover of the Wall. Rock on Jonathan Davis, you kilt wearing -tearing shit up- badass mothafucka! Linkin Park I really hate. I probably hate them more now that I've seen them live than I did prior to this, but there was one cool part of their set: Jay-Z. Yes, Jay-Z. Hova, Jigga, Sean Carter, whatever you wanna call him. He came out on set and did 3 songs with LP. No, none of them was 99 problems. He did "Dirt off your SHoulder", "Big Pimpin" and soemthing else that was good, but for some stupid reason I can't recal right now. The hillcrest luau was the party of the fucking year. We pulled it off it rocked everyone in attendance agreed it was the most festive of all festivals. What is it about tiki torches, hawaiian shirts and jungle juice that really gets people partying? What happened at the Luau stays at the Luau so if you missed it I guess you'll just have to wait patiently for the invite to next year's bash. Other than that, I've just been working and watching Andrew play hockey, so I guess that'll do it for this installment. I promise to catch up with all of you as I'll only be at work until 10 a.m. tomorrow (see, going in at 5 a.m. *does* remotely have its benefits...who am I kidding!) so I'll catch you all on the flipside. Be good and send me emails (dynamitediva628 at yahoo dot com) so I can feel special. I promise to write back to 'em. Love you all! *mWaH!*

 I want ot Marry my fan

