 Micro Financing Resources: urlLink Rural, Micro Fianance & Small Enterprise Development Links | World Bank Group urlLink The Entrepreneurship Development Institute of India (EDI) urlLink How to Change the World: First Steps toward Becoming a Social Entrepreneur | Journal(blog) @ Changemakers.net urlLink Ashoka.org Social Entrepreneurship urlLink Renewingindia.org : Micro Finance urlLink What is micro-finance? urlLink Gender and Micro-finance resource page | oneworldaction.org

 Hidden Spyware : Ignorance is not a bliss According to the urlLink WebSense press release: 92 Percent of Organizations with at Least 100 Employees Have Been Contaminated With Spyware, Yet Only Six Percent of Employees Believe They Have Been Infected Forty percent of IT managers report the number of spyware-infected workstations has increased in past year, according to Websense survey According to Websense&rsquo;s fifth annual Web@Work survey conducted by Harris Interactive&reg;, there is a major discrepancy between employees&rsquo; knowledge and understanding of spyware versus IT managements&rsquo; findings on the number of corporate workstations that are actually infected. For example, one-third of employees either do not believe, or are unsure, that their computers could be infected with spyware. However, IT management reported that spyware was on the rise&#8212;of those that acknowledged they had a spyware infection, forty percent believe that the number of spyware-infected workstations at their organization has increased. One of the most common ways for an employee to download spyware is by using a peer-to-peer (P2P) file sharing application such as KaZaa or Morpheus. Many P2P users do not realize that by downloading a seemingly harmless mp3 file, it may be accompanied by a spyware application. By connecting users directly to each other to download or swap files, P2P networks bypass normal security barriers and can be easily exploited by hackers to spread spyware. "Employees are typically exposed to spyware as a parasitic program that is attached to something useful they've intentionally downloaded from the Internet, or been tricked into downloading, or it is surreptitiously loaded by a malicious hacker," said Peter Firstbrook, program manger at META Group. "Most employees don't even know they are infected; however, spyware can be merely a nuisance, clogging the network with advertising traffic or pestering the user with pop up ads; or it can be an invasion of privacy and collect what sites they've been browsing on; or less often, a security threat that records keystrokes or screenshots that reveal confidential corporate information and potentially create backdoors by revealing passwords and user names." Related Links: * urlLink What is spyware? * For a list of software tools that can help you detect and remove spyware applications, urlLink click here * urlLink How To Remove Spyware From Your Computer * urlLink Fighting back against spyware * Latest urlLink Spyware News on Google News

 Made in India Mobile Neha Kaushik & Gaurav Raghuvanshi urlLink write in Hindu about how the Mobile Manufacturers like Nokia, Samsung, LG, etc are wooing india with the Made in India or Made for India concepts. The mobile and the mobile phone features are becoming more 'desi'. LARA Croft in Tomb Raider may not cut much ice with your cell-phone toting neighbourhood delivery boy even if his handset were to sport it. To the growing tribe of Indian mobile phone users, playing `Makhan Chor' on the mobile would make more sense. Recognising the importance of going local to appeal to Indian consumers, multinational mobile manufacturers are going beyond the patriotic or Bollywood-centric ring tones and have started introducing special "made for India" features. These include local language menu and messaging, games that click with the masses and features to suit local conditions.

 Made in India Mobile Neha Kaushik & Gaurav Raghuvanshi urlLink write in Hindu about how the Mobile Manufacturers like Nokia, Samsung, LG, etc are wooing india with the Made in India or Made for India concepts. The mobile and the mobile phone features are becoming more 'desi'. LARA Croft in Tomb Raider may not cut much ice with your cell-phone toting neighbourhood delivery boy even if his handset were to sport it. To the growing tribe of Indian mobile phone users, playing `Makhan Chor' on the mobile would make more sense. Recognising the importance of going local to appeal to Indian consumers, multinational mobile manufacturers are going beyond the patriotic or Bollywood-centric ring tones and have started introducing special "made for India" features. These include local language menu and messaging, games that click with the masses and features to suit local conditions.

 JPG Patent ??? p2pnet.net urlLink reports : Forgent Networks owns Compression Labs which in turn owns the patent on .jpg and now Compression Labs is suing a whole raft of companies for infringing the patent. Forgent "has initiated litigation against 31 companies for infringement of United States Patent No. 4,698,672 (the '672 Patent) in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, Marshall Division," it says on its web site Related Links : * urlLink Made a JPEG Image? You're getting Sued!" * urlLink Forgent Networks Sues 31 Companies for Patent Infringement

 Multiply.com Offers Social Networking between Family and Freinds Via urlLink PRNewsWire : Multiply, Inc. has launched Multiply (http://multiply.com), a web site that combines web publishing tools with a new type of messaging application powered by social networks. Other social networking sites exist so you can build your social network, while Multiply exists so you can use it," says Michael Gersh, Multiply's co-founder. "By integrating applications such as photo sharing, blogging and a marketplace with a new messaging concept, we've created a much more compelling social networking tool. People use Multiply on an ongoing basis to see what others are saying about their content, and what new information is being shared with them." Related Links : * urlLink Social-networking Web sites growing in popularity * urlLink Ask Jeeves Brings Search to Tickle

 What Should a Documentary Filmmaker Ask About Offshoring? : Slashdot Roblimo urlLink writes : Philadelphia-area development economics and finance student Rachel Anderika and her associate, programmer/filmmaker Krishnan, are making a documentary about the effects of offshore outsourcing. Their "still under construction" Web site, Project Outsourced, gives you more information about their work. They're interviewing economists, bankers, anti-outsourcing advocacy groups, pro-outsourcing CEOs, columnists, and others. Where you come in is helping Rachel and Krishnan come up with good questions to ask. We'll forward 10 - 15 of the highest-moderated ones posted here (within the next 24 hours) to them. Expect summaries (and possibly audio or video clips) of the answers in late May, and news about the finished film this Fall.

 The One Billion Indian Club After Infosys & TCS, urlLink Wipro has joined the urlLink one billion dollar club : Wipro Limited, India's third-largest software exporter, said Friday it crossed the $1-billion revenue mark during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2004 on increased outsourcing from overseas companies. In the full fiscal year 2003-04, total revenues were Rs.58.43 billion ($1.3 billion), representing a 36 percent increase over the corresponding period in the last year. The Bangalore-based company's net profit in the year ended March 31, 2004 rose to Rs.10.32 billion ($235 million), representing an increase of 26 percent over net income for the year 2002-03. Wipro joins Tata Consultancy Services, India's largest software exporter, and Infosys Technologies, the second biggest firm, in the premier club of IT companies who have crossed the $1 billion revenue mark. The better-than-expected financial numbers for the fiscal year 2003-04 and January-March quarterly period unveiled by Wipro, promoted by India's richest man Azim Premji, boosted the share market sentiment. Shares of Wipro, which is also listed on the New York Stock Exchange, ended 1.7 percent higher at Rs.1,624.50 while the stock market benchmark 30-share Bombay Stock Exchange sensitive index closed marginally high. Related Links : urlLink Vivek Paul amongst the best managers of 2003: BusinessWeek

 Emergic Mailserv On urlLink Emergic : urlLink CXOToday has put up a case study about FCB Ulka's deployment of our Linux-based messaging solution - Emergic urlLink MailServ - developed by urlLink Netcore According to Kalpit Jain, CTO of Netcore, The solution that runs only on Linux, has an anti-virus application, armed with a firewall, enhanced with load balancing features apart from bandwith management and monitoring. The mail server has been placed in the DMZ (DeMilitarized Zone)- a server zone, which is accessible to the public as well as to the private network. In other words, it separates the internal network from the outside world. Commenting about the inherent benefits, Madbhavi cited reliability, flexibility coupled with ease of administration and simplicity. However, acknowledged Madbhavi, Netcore was able to execute a high degree of customization primarily because the solution was built on open source. Emergic Mailserv has been built with a judicious mix of certain open source components alongwith internally developed software, affirmed Jain. Spelling the minimum technical requirements, Jain stated that for 25 users a P III with a 64 MB RAM with 20 GB hard disk is needed. Founded in 1998, Netcore Solutions Pvt Ltd. is an enterprise solutions company, focused on messaging, collaboration, and security software offering a range of enterprise products and hosted services. Among its several corporate customers using this solution are IDBI Bank and Raymonds.

 The Public Domain Do you really understood the meaning of Public Domain Content / Copyright , if not check this out!!! urlLink Public domain - Wikipedia

 P2P : The Trust Factor urlLink Andy Oram in continuation to his article : " urlLink From P2P to Web Services: Identification and Addressing " writes another article on XML.com, this time focussing on the "TRUST" aspect of Social Netwoking and hence named as : urlLink From P2P to Web Services: Trust In this detailed two page article Andy talks about : * Trust * P2P Solution * State-of-the-art Specifications * Security Basic * Future Trends * The Modest and the Grand Promise So, to sum up, what do I see in the near future? We need to do something about addressing. We need an easy system that assigns each person a persistent address that is useful for all applications; ideally the system would be distributed and resistant to attack or capture. Current Web Services specifications work on the problem of trust without solving the problem of addressing--that is, the problem as I've stated it, the problem of finding someone several hours later Related : urlLink The Next Level of Social Networking Red Herring (Registration Required)

 8 Lessons From "The Apprentice" urlLink Donald Trump host of the reality show The Apprentice gives us these Eight urlLink Lessons 1: Have a Strategy. 2: Find Out What the Boss/Client Wants and Give it to Them. 3: Deal With the Person in Charge. 4: Be Positive. 5: Have the Courage to Speak Your Mind. 6: Stand Up For Yourself. 7: Be Flexible. 8: There's Life After Being Fired.

 Fundamental issues with open source software development by Michelle Levesque urlLink This Slashdot Story points to the urlLink article by Michelle Levesque where she points out the five fundamental problems with the current Open Source software development trend, explores why these issues are holding the movement back, and offers solutions that might help overcome these problems. The problems discussed are : 1) User interface design 2) Documentation 3) Featurecentric development 4) Programming for the self 5) Religious blindness Who is Michelle Levesque ? urlLink Michelle Levesque is a researcher for the urlLink Citizen Lab at the urlLink Munk Centre for International Studies and a student at the urlLink University of Torontos Computer Science department . Her job includes designing and implementing programs to enumerate and circumvent stateimposed Internet content filtering. This past summer she and two colleagues traveled to Guatemala and Chiapas, Mexico to study how computer technology especially Open Source technology can be used to benefit civil society in developing nations. The trip has been made into a documentary entitled urlLink Hacktivista .

 The Open Source Society Jay Layman urlLink Writes : urlLink FreeGeek (motto: "Helping the needy get nerdy since the beginning of the third millennium") of Portland, Ore., is well-known in the area as a positive resource for transforming toxic IT trash into tech bootstraps for the less privileged and groups that serve them. The group's Collaborative Technologies effort takes it to another level by seeking out open source, free, and old software to use along with the tossed and rejuvenated tech gear. The group provides consulting for all of its clients, but only some of the more affluent nonprofits have to actually pay.

 India may become global R&D hub Via urlLink Sify : Delivering the Convocation address at the urlLink Indian Institute of Foreign Trade (IIFT) here, the Director-General, urlLink Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) and Secretary, Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Dr Mashelkar, said the real and unique opportunities that India offers for becoming a true global R&D platform were enormous. He said the cost of doing R&D is fraction of that in the developed world as the entire spend of India's R&D last year was $5 billion, less than the R&D budget of a company like Pfizer alone. Related Links: * urlLink India to emerge as knowledge power: Dr Mashelkar

 Citigroup Ready To Acquire E-serve Citigroup is urlLink paying about $126 million to take full control of Indian IT services company urlLink e-Serve International. urlLink About e-Serve... e-Serve International Ltd., formerly known as Citicorp Securities & Investments Ltd., is an established provider of IT-enabled services. Having begun this activity in 1992, e-Serve focuses on providing sophisticated IT-enabled solutions to the Financial Services industry, supported by cutting-edge technology and robust infrastructure. e-Serve IT Enabled Services represent a comprehensive suite of Transaction Processing solutions, Customer Care solutions and Technology Services that are offered to companies engaged in Banking, Insurance, Capital Markets, Mutual Funds & e-Markets. e-Serve's clientele is global, and Citigroup entities from several countries feature prominently in the list. Via urlLink CBS Marketwatch "This indicates that multinational companies are turning aggressive on the Indian outsourcing sector and they see huge growth," said Apurva Shah, technology analyst at domestic brokerage Prabhudas Lilladher.

 SIP : Session Initiation Protocol : 5 Myths What is SIP ? : SIP is a text-based protocol, similar to HTTP andn SMTP, for initiating interactive communication sessions between users.Such sessions include voice, video, chat, interactive games, and virtual reality. SIP was developed within the urlLink IETF MMUSIC (Multiparty Multimedia Session Control) working group , with work proceeding since September 1999 in the urlLink IETF SIP working group. urlLink The Myths: According to Olle Westerberg, CEO of urlLink Ingate Systems a leader in next generation firewall technology * Myth #1: I have to replace the entire network. * Myth #2: I can SIP-enable my current enterprise firewall, can&rsquo;t I? * Myth #3: Traversing the firewall is impossible for SIP-based communications * Myth #4: My network will never be secure if I use SIP. * Myth #5: Configuring a SIP-capable firewall will be next to impossible. Related Links : * urlLink SIP Info @ Columbia Univ * urlLink SIP page on IETF.org * urlLink Will regulation burst the VoIP bubble? * urlLink Test Drive telic.net's Hosted SIP Phone Solution

 Is Linux Safe and Secure ? An article on Slashdot provides discussion on "is the closed code here being held to a higher standard than its open-source equivalent, and does this change the 'security through obscurity' argument?" Comment # 1 (it's open source honey) "Open Source is actually more secure than closed source proprietary software because the oversight of technology content is broader and deeper. Instead of just one company monitoring its own contributions &#8212; or potentially hiding security holes and exploits &#8212; a worldwide community of interested parties actually oversees Linux to make it strong and secure. That's why the NSA &#8212; the most security-conscious organization in the world &#8212; chose to standardize on Linux, and even supplies its own version of secure Linux." Another Comment (It's on my PC and used by Military Too ???) "Frankly, even as a faithful Linux user, I still have to agree with him. Our missile defense systems should not be running the same software as my home PC whether it is a commercial or open-source product." Read more on Slashdot : urlLink Embedded RTOS Maker Raises Linux Security Issues .... Related Links : * urlLink Linux Security * urlLink Joint statement about GNU/Linux security * urlLink Windows Vs . Linux Security : Depends On Who You Ask * urlLink Linux Vendors Question Forrester Security Report

 IIT Incubator :KReSIT Venkatesh Hariharan writes on TR : urlLink Can India Plug Its Brain Drain? : IIT Bombay is using its technology urlLink incubator to counter the exodus of its brightest graduates to the West About urlLink KReSIT : The Kanwal Rekhi School of Information Technology (KReSIT) aims at moulding the future leaders of the Indian IT industry by imparting world class IT education to them. The school formally started operations with the first batch of M.Tech students on July 19, 1999. Background : The Indian IT industry is expanding rapidly and is expected to grow tremendously over the next few years. While the current education in India has been producing high quality 'workers' for the IT industry, there is a distinct lack of people who are trained to be leaders in this industry: people who will shape its future. There is also the disturbing trend of extreme compartmentalization that has gradually crept into the engineering sciences, especially in academic circles. While this may promote research in each of those fields themselves, it must be acknowledged that there are hardly any real problems that can be dealt with in isolation by any one 'compartment' of engineering. These were some of the issues noticed by urlLink Prof. D.B. Phatak (the current head of the school) and others, and a proposal was made in March 1998 to start a School of IT in IIT Bombay. The focus of the school was to be a close interaction with the industry, research with focus on integration of the various 'compartments', and entrepreneurship. The proposal was accepted and funding for starting the School came from two alumni of IIT Bombay, Nandan Nilekhani and Kanwal Rekhi, both of whom made generous contributions. Read more on this urlLink here . The successful companies who have now urlLink moved out of the incubation are : * urlLink Herald Logic : Develops products in enterprise information, rule-based engines. * Voyager2 Infotech : Raised USD 250K, built a .creative ideas. portal, and was bought out by Purple Yogi in an all-stock deal. * urlLink Myzus : Raised USD 600K, develops products and services in the areas of wireless gateways and connectivity bridges. It moved out into its own premises and is looking for a second round of funding. * urlLink eInfinitus :Raised Rupees 1.2 crore, develops products in network operations: real-time bandwidth provisioning and specialized router software. Related Links : * urlLink Turning IITians from workers to leaders * urlLink What does KReSIT Offer * urlLink How to be a part of Business Incubator * urlLink Companies currenlty at KReSIT

 PC for RS.5000 Rajesh Jain on Emergic urlLink writes about the need for low cost computers in India. To take computing to the masses in India, we need to rethink the design of the personal computer. In the late 1970s and early 1980s when the PC was architected, networks did not exist. The PC was, in effect, a standalone device. This is no longer the case now. Local area networks and broadband networks offer high-speed, always-on connectivity. In addition, the continuous progress in semiconductors has ensured that processing power is available quite inexpensively. As a result, it is possible to think of a &#8220;thin client&#8221; with processing and storage taking place on a &#8220;thick server.&#8221; This disruptive innovation is the Rs 5,000 PC (5KPC). The need.... * 1 million schools need 10 computers each for enabling primary and secondary education * 100,000 colleges need 100 computers each to ensure digitally literate graduates * 3 million small- and medium-sized enterprises need to computer-enable their 30 million information-driven workforce * 40 million urban and semi-urban families need a computer * 5 million staff in government need computers to build the foundation for electronic and efficient governance * 5,000 hubs in rural India need 1,000 computers each to provide newer opportunities beyond agriculture and provide a foundation for transforming Bharat

 Rural Infrastucture & Services Commons (RISC) urlLink Antanu Day writes : urlLink RISC, Deeshaa, and Rajesh Jain -- The story so far on Deesha.org an entrepreneurial institution, which aims to transform the rural Indian economy and contribute to India's economic development. He throws some light on urlLink Rural Infrastucture & Services Commons (RISC) which is an economic model & has the potential for achieving the multi-faceted goals of sustainable economic development through more efficient utilization of available resources. I had been thinking about the problem of India's economic development for a long time. Even though my undergraduate work was in mechanical engineering, and my postgraduate work in computer sciences, I decided to study economics primarily because I wanted to understand how economic growth could be catalysed. Around 1998, I started converging to the idea that urbanization is both a cause and consequence of development. But rural India was huge. Massive rural to urban migration is not an option for India. So I started thinking of some way of "urbanizing" rural India in rural India itself. RISC was born. Related Links : * urlLink Microfinance outfits resemble Silicon Valley companies | Business World * Anatanu Dey's urlLink Bio

 Low Cost Open Source ERP Solution urlLink CXOToday : Parle Tablet Tools Pvt. Ltd (Mumbai) has deployed urlLink ERPWEB , a unique Open Source, web-based low-cost ERP developed by ASIC Infotech Pvt Ltd. ERPWEB is an Open Source, customizable web-based ERP III, built with the aid of urlLink SoftRobot Codeless Technology , a zero code technology also innovated by ASIC. Elaborating the benefits, Prajapati said, 'ERPWEB is an integrated database with a one time entry, offering considerable reduction in workload, with no client-side installation. In addition to being platform and device independent, all it needs is a browser to work. The option of Open Source gives us the right to even modify the source if needed. The multi-lingual solution is built-in with BPR and 6 Sigma, although we haven't yet implemented it.' Related Links : * urlLink Open source database improvements grow * urlLink IT Execs Present Open Source Wish Lists * urlLink Linux Platforms Begin To Replace Unix Systems In Public And ...

 Which Search Engine You Are Using Today ? If you think GOOGLe is the last name in web searching , check out this urlLink news article on reuters by Lisa Baertlein about few other exiting places on the net: urlLink http://extremesearcher.com urlLink http://www.altavista.com urlLink http://www.teoma.com urlLink http://www.search.yahoo.com urlLink http://www.searchengineshowdown.com urlLink http://www.dogpile.com urlLink http://www.vivisimo.com urlLink http://www.grokker.com urlLink http://www.kartoo.com urlLink http://www.bartleby.com urlLink http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi

 Yahoo To Start Social Networking In response to urlLink Microsoft's interest in Social Networking and Google's testing of urlLink Orkut , Yahoo is also urlLink expressing its interest in starting its own social netwoking site . Related Links : * urlLink An experiment with online social networking * urlLink Social Networking: My People Know Your People * urlLink Web Sites Make Social Networking Easy * urlLink Online "social networking" not for everyone * urlLink Peer-to-Peer: Harnessing the Power of Disruptive Technologies

 From Waste To CleanerTable Top Power Via urlLink Sify : West Bengal Renewable Energy Development Agency is looking towards a solution for converting waste into a clean power. This solution may soon come your way through a micro-turbine power generator. A high-speed small turbine engine similar to that of an aircraft, which can rotate at a speed of about 96,000 revolutions per minute and generate between 40 KW and 600 KW of power. The device, which is a new concept in green power generation, can be mounted on a table and runs on compressed biogas (say cow dung) or solid waste.

 IBM & Daksh : The BPO Buyout urlLink IBM acquies Gurgaon-based BPO firm Daksh e-Services at $160 million & it is one of the significant buys for IBM in India. Talking about the deal, the IBM press release further said that the acquisition will enhance IBM's business transformation capabilities in key areas including customer relationship management (CRM) and financial management services in key industries such as banking, insurance, retail, technology, telecommunications, travel and transportation. Besides, the initiative is also expected to increase the scope of IBM's global network of 22 business transformation delivery centers, adding capabilities in India and the Philippines. This network, which includes centers in the US and 12 other countries, already serves hundreds of clients globally. The deal also brings along Daksh&rsquo;s experienced, strong management team to IBM in India. "India is one of the fastest-growing economies in the world, and an important marketplace for IBM. This investment is indicative of our commitment to supporting our clients in this region and leveraging local capabilities to extend our leadership position in the rapidly growing business transformation services marketplace," said IBM India, General Manager, Abraham Thomas. Related Links : * urlLink Daksh * urlLink Daksh buy to boost IBM's low-cost offers * urlLink Daksh's Agarwal to get Rs 750 cr

 How India is saving Capitalism! (Offshoring, India & Slashdot) urlLink alphakappa a.k.a anil writes this story on Slashdot : urlLink How India is Saving Capitalism alphakappa writes "Salon goes onsite to Chennai (Madras) in India to investigate the whole offshoring phenemenon (free daypass) and comes up with an interesting series of stories. Katharine Mieszkowski starts with a company CollabNet which creates collaboration software for teams to work together on projects from locations all over the globe, and has centers in Brisbane (CA,US) and Chennai (India) - a company that would not exist if they didn't have access to engineers from India. She makes the case that in most cases, it is the necessity to survive, rather than greed that has fed the offshoring process. As Behlendorf from CollabNet puts it - 'We saved the jobs of the people who are employed in San Francisco by hiring people here [in India],' he says. 'I don't know that we would be around as a company if we hadn't done that. What was the right thing to do, morally?'" More on urlLink Anil's Blog Related : urlLink Salon : How India is saving capitalism [Subscription / Free Day Pass] urlLink CIOL : Outsourcing : Offshoring- India&rsquo;s pride, others&rsquo; envy

 The Rise of IP Telephony Internet phone company urlLink Skype Technologies said on Tuesday it has urlLink developed a version of its free calling software for handheld computers, a move that could undercut existing mobile-phone carriers. Related : urlLink FEATURE-Wanted: High-tech gadgets for new Internet protocol

 Google To Block Scarping Via urlLink TheSocialSoftwareWeblog : I was thinking of making some great news pages by Scraping Google News for my new portal site. But since Google is trying to become the Microsoft of Information, I would have love-hate relationship with it. Though sites like Topix.net and Newstrove.com exist with RSS support and RSS seemed to be the biggest information exchange tool, the reason why Google doesn't like it is unknown .

 Google : Trying To Become Microsoft Of Information urlLink Rajesh Jain comments on Google that it is trying to be urlLink Microsoft of Information over the web. Recently Google urlLink launched a test with about 1,000 invited guests set to try out a new e-mail service called " urlLink Gmail ." Gmails's highlights are as follows : Search : Built on Google search technology, Gmail enables people to quickly search every email they've ever sent or received. Using keywords or advanced search features, Gmail users can find what they need, when they need it. Storage : Google believes people should be able to hold onto their mail forever. That's why Gmail comes with 1,000 megabytes (1 gigabyte) of free storage more than 100 times what most other free webmail services offer. Speed : Gmail makes using email faster and more efficient by eliminating the need to file messages into folders, and by automatically organizing individual emails into meaningful "conversations" that show messages in the context of all the replies sent in response to them. And it turns annoying spam e-mail messages into the equivalent of canned meat. Before you start considering this as a joke John Battelle's Searchblog has an urlLink unconfirmed response from Yahoo! . Whatever it may be I M LOVIN IT .

 Free Publicity Through Outsourcing Backlash According to Gaurav Raghuvanshi & Vipin V. Nair 's urlLink article in Business Line, US-based companies that hadn't considered sending work offshore are now thinking about India. The backlash in the US against this practice is actually giving India much-needed, but free, publicity.

 Pacenet's Cable on IP Broadband provider urlLink Pacenet India is urlLink planning to launch its set top box urlLink Home Genie which uses royalty free open standard conditional access technology for an internet environment called Secura. Priced at Rs. 5000, it wil have a 40bps downstream pipe along with a 100mbps two way interactive pipe. It also has a peoplemeter built in to it. In this way Pacenet can work out promotional deals with broadcasters as they will have an exact idea of how much their channels are being watched. Unlike Reliance the company did not have to worry about laying fibre optic cables throughout the country thanks to the recent tie up with Ipstar. This is the worlds first two way satellite system and provides a two way IP link. This will allow Pacenet to reach any part of the country. But according to Pacenet they are aiming to provide Cable on IP and not Video on Demand like Reliance which offers everything (various data services) on the Ethernet. Pacenet further adds that Reliance project requires more maturity in the market. Let's see whos gonna rule the indian broadband world and when will have my connection.

 The Shift In Linux Loyalty Daniel Lyons urlLink writes on Forbes.com about 'Once Upon A Time Linux Fan ' Rick Carey when he was a chief technology architect at Merrill Lynch. Carey now holds a different view altogether due to changing policies of Red Hat w.r.t to pricing and licensing. Carey says one reason he embraced Linux was its lower cost. But if Linux becomes almost as expensive as Windows, why not go with Windows, and benefit from the work of thousands of Microsoft engineers and programmers? Carey talks about "the innovation premium"--meaning the price you pay to get the latest and greatest. "Most open source is imitation," Carey says. "Linux is an imitation of an operating system. If these [Linux] companies are going to create a price point that is significant enough that they are approaching the same pricing model as the innovation premium, why pay a premium for imitation when I can pay a premium and get innovation?"

 Google Made Simple = Soople urlLink Soople (Easy Expert Search) is a simple query interface to google.com which has various hacks besides just generating answers to simple queries. Google can find definitions, calculate, work as yellow pages, suggest products, can search a specific domain or a university or can search particular type of document or topic. Accessing these features requires a particular syntaxed query, soople makes it easy for you , basically it provides pre-formatted search boxes for various options instead of typing a special syntaxed query. Soople is an early English dialect, which means 'to soften, make supple'. That's exactly what I envisioned for this site ; a site that softens all the fantastic (advanced) functions Google offers. Initially I made this site for my mother, who, though computer-savvy, still didn't know about all the possibilities Google offers. This site is therefore meant for all those who are not yet familiar with all the functions and required syntaxes. This way Soople enables an 'easy expert search'! For instance, one can specify a search by one particuliar site or filetype ( word, excel, powerpoint and pdf) or an imagesearch by size and type. Furthermore there are many useful tools Google offers; search in the latest news, look up definitions or use Google as a phonebook. And last but not least, the Calculator. This amazing tool let's you do all kind of (very advanced) calculations. Soople has added the unit-converter, which is based on this calculator, for the conversion of all the commmon units/measures (meters yards). Quite supple, if you ask me. Of course, there are always many more supple ideas out there, so don't hesitate to mail us! Have a lot of Google-fun Soople is in no way affiliated with or endorsed by Google

 Being Indian: The Truth about Why the 21st Century Will Be India's By Pavan K Varma From urlLink PenguinBooksIndia.com : This book is a new and dramatically different inquiry into what India and being Indian mean in the new millennium. Such an inquiry is especially relevant today when the world's largest democracy is also a nuclear power, a potentially major economic power poised to emerge as the second largest consumer market in the world, and a growing force in information technology. Misconceptions about India and Indians abound, fed by the stereotypes created by foreigners, and the myths about themselves projected by Indians. In Being Indian, urlLink Pavan K.Varma demolishes these myths and generalizations as he turns his sharply observant gaze on his fellow countrymen to examine what really makes Indians tick and what they have to offer the world in the 21st century. Varma's insightful analysis of the Indian personality and the culture that has created it reaches startling new conclusions on the paradoxes and contradictions that characterize Indian attitudes towards issues such as power, wealth and spirituality. How, for example, does the appalling indifference of most Indians to the suffering of the poor and the inequities of the caste system square with their enthusiastic championing of parliamentary democracy? And why do Indians have a reputation for being spiritual and `other-worldly' when their philosophy and tradition exalt the pursuit of material well-being &#8212;artha&#8212;as a principal goal of life? The book also examines India's future prospects as an economic, military and technological power, providing valuable pointers to the likely destiny of a nation of one billion people. Drawing on sources as diverse as ancient Sanskrit treatises and Bollywood lyrics, and illuminating his examples with a wealth of telling anecdotes, Pavan Varma creates a vivid and compelling portrait of Indians as he argues that they will survive and flourish in the new millennium precisely because of what they are, warts and all, and not because of what they think they are or would like to be. This book, which will stimulate reflection, discussion and controversy, is a must read for both foreigners who wish to understand Indians and Indians who wish to understand themselves. ( About the Auhtor :Pavan K. Varma graduated with honours in history from St Stephens College, Delhi, and took a degree in law from Delhi University. A member of the Indian Foreign Service, he is at present Director of the Nehru Centre in London. He is the author of Ghalib: The Man, The Times; Krishna: The Playful Divine, The Great Indian Middle Class; The Book of Krishna; and Maximize Your Life (with Renuka Khandekar), all published by Penguin. More on urlLink PavankVarma.com ... ) Related Links : * urlLink View / Post Your Review * urlLink Buy This Book More Books From Pavan K. Varma : * urlLink The Great Indian Middle Class

 Plaxo 2.0 urlLink MarketWire Reports : Plaxo, Inc. creator of the fastest growing contact management software and network, today announced the availability of Plaxo 2.0&trade;, a new version of the company's popular contact management software. For the first time ever, Plaxo 2.0 enables users to access Yahoo! Search directly from their Outlook and Outlook Express programs by embedding the Yahoo! Search window in the Plaxo&trade; toolbar. Plaxo will generate revenue on searches performed. Other featured enhancements of Plaxo 2.0 include the ability to synchronize a user's calendar, contacts, tasks and notes on a Plaxo Web page for anywhere, anytime access. Plaxo 2.0 also includes a major redesign of the user interface and a new "microblog" feature. "Plaxo 2.0 with Yahoo! Search functionality brings search and email -- the two most popular online activities -- together in a single platform," said Todd Masonis, co-founder and vice president of products, Plaxo. "We believe the new features will be instrumental in the continued rapid growth of the Plaxo Network&trade;. Since launching in May 2003, we've registered more than two million users and are growing at a rate of 10,000-12,000 new members daily. The Plaxo Network is fast becoming an important new layer of the Internet, like email, instant messaging and Web browsing." Plaxo 2.0 seamlessly integrates with Microsoft Outlook, Outlook Express, and PDA devices via the Outlook platform. Plaxo 2.0 works by enabling users to choose contacts in their address book from whom they want to receive updated information. Users then send Plaxo Update Requests to the selected contacts, allowing the contact to reply either by email or via a secure Website. Plaxo processes the replies and integrates updated information into the user's address book. From Plaxo.com: * Save time by keeping your address book up-to-date automatically Had enough of returned holiday cards? Tired of typing in new contact information? Plaxo takes the hassle out of updating your address book. * Synchronize your home and work computers Keep your information synchronized between your home and work computers. You'll never have to worry about keeping multiple address books or calendars up-to-date. * Access your information anywhere using Plaxo Online Need a phone number or appointment information, but can't get to your computer? Sign in to Plaxo Online and access it instantly, from anywhere. * Back up and recover your vital information Never lose your data again! Plaxo 2.0 creates an online backup of your information. Download and recover your information securely to another computer with just a click of a button. * Plugs seamlessly in to Outlook or Outlook Express Synchronize your existing contacts, calendar, tasks, and notes in Outlook or Outlook Express. Not an Outlook or Outlook Express user? You can quickly import your data into Plaxo Online from many personal data managers.

 Its A Small Planet Via urlLink Geekzone : SmallPlanet.com has launched social networking site on Mobile Phones (GPRS & Bluetooth): SmallPlanet's CrowdSurfer technology was tested on the UCLA campus. Limited to Nokia 6600 and 6230 phones only (which reduces the level of social networking by limiting options, in my opinion), the application uses Bluetooth to find other users up to 100 feet away, and relationship information is made available via GPRS connections to the SmallPlanet.net Web site. "This is true location-based, mobile social networking," says SmallPlanet's Ken Torimaru, who led the development of CrowdSurfer. "We are giving users the option to know when friends are nearby and to meet new people with whom they share some common, previously invisible connection, and we're doing it in the real world; in real time, in real place." Related Links : * urlLink Leader: Social networking - comical, phishy or next big thing? | Silicon.com * urlLink No Business in Social Networking | Eweek.com

 Rajesh Jain : The Daily Blogger Rajesh Jain urlLink writes , how he is able to keep up with his blog urlLink Emergic.org . When I started, I was clear about one thing: that the blog would be updated daily. And except for two weekend days just after I started, that has been the case. It is a lesson I learnt from the IndiaWorld days: you have to become a daily part of the life of your readers. This is also what I tell every person who I recommend blogging to &#8211; have something new everyday. It is not difficult; it just requires a discipline and determination. It daily blogging is a commitment we make, our readers will reciprocate by making a daily visit. Given that there is so much happening everyday and our minds are constantly active and thinking, it is not a very difficult thing to do. Near-ubiquitous connectivity, even when one is travelling, makes posting a trivial exercise. What has spurred the writing revolution for me is the ease of the blogging tool. Using MovableType is very easy. I am not dependent on any other person for posting to the blog. Once the blog has been set up, no technical expertise is needed. This simplicity of the blogging tools has laid the foundation for the two-way web that we are seeing emerge around us. Also read his urlLink views on Andra Pradesh Election Verdit 2004. Back to the question. What went wrong for Naidu, and before him Digvijay Singh? In two words, rising expectations. While there is an anti-incumbency element (people's desire for a change), there's much more to it. People want a lot more and a lot faster. They want a basic quality of life that most of the Indian governments have still not been able to deliver. Development for the most part has been uneven. In a democracy, there is "one person, one vote." And sometimes, we living in the cities forget that there is another India that has barely changed. [Read my "Rajasthan Ruminations" written after a visit earlier in the year.] Education, Electricity, Water, Opportunities - we are still not able to provide these to the majority of Indians. And the elections are the only time they can have their say.

 American Jobs : A Movie On Outsourcing Santa Monica-based television software producer urlLink Greg Spotts is working on his directorial debut, "American Jobs", that takes an "empathetic look" at the costs of outsourcing. made with a budget of $40,000, the film will be released first on DVD on US Labour Day, Sep 6, followed by a traditional theatrical release urlLink David Beckman produces the detailed picture of Greg Spots venture in Techcsunite.org's artcile : urlLink Filmmaker Documents Effects of American Job Losses While googling for Greg Spotts , I spotted the Poetry on outsourcing in ROBERT TRIGAUX's, (Times Business Columnist) column urlLink Short-term reality clashes with long-term economic theory on sptimes.com : The Outsourcing Poetry : Take this job and outsource it. I ain't working here no more. Yanked my job right from under me And put it in Bangalore. . . .

 Craig Silverstein's : The Man of Google Via urlLink Slashdot : Craig Silverstein is the employee No. 1 & the technology director of world No.1 Search Engine & the only company which is giving Microsoft a tough time. Silverstein, 31, left his doctoral studies at Stanford University in 1998, joining school chums Sergey Brin and Larry Page in a nearby garage to build "the Google". Google is poised to raise US$2.7 billion in one of the hottest tech initial public offerings since 2000. Imminent wealth aside, Silverstein has long been a champion of working hard and whistling while you do it. As Google's director of technology, he balances pie-in-the-sky visions for search -- in other words, artificially intelligent search pets -- and churning out products that improve people's access to information. Just a sampling includes new technology to personalise the company's Web site; comparative shopping prices on wireless devices; and the ability to send, store and manage up to 1 gigabyte of free e-mail, otherwise known as Gmail. In an urlLink interview before Google's IPO filing [ZDnet] , Silverstein discussed the backlash against Gmail among privacy advocates, the company's cultural changes and its shifting reliance on PageRank, the mathematical algorithm that has helped Google shine. The company recently renewed an exclusive PageRank licence from Stanford that's valid through 2011.

 The All New Blogger.com After the Google's takeover of Blogger, for the first time Blogger has made a major revamp. Now blogger.com offers much awaited feature ' urlLink comments ' , accompanying it , is a wonderful feature ' urlLink profiles ' which also offers a basic social networking tool. For example if I mention 'mumbai' as my location, I can find other bloggers from mumbai ; similarly I can find people with similar interest and likings. Using urlLink Mail-to-blogger you can now send the post via email. You can check the all new blogger at http://www.blogger.com

 Social Networking : Hype or Business urlLink David Coursey writes on the week, why he consider all this social networking as urlLink some hype & no business : These are meant to be membership services that link people with like interests, which is what Yahoo Groups do quite nicely for free. These things are really nothing new. Since the beginning of the Internet boom people have talked about making money by creating communities. Some have done it, but lots more have failed. For every AOL there are six to ten TalkCity's. I don't believe people will pay lots of money for contacts. But, I can see a demand for the services to split their revenue with the people who actually own the contacts. For example, want an introduction to Rob Enderle? He's a friend and if I asked him to meet with you, I bet he would. So don't pay LinkedIn, pay me. After all, LinkedIn is just a service, the contact is mine. But how legit is a paid introduction, do you really want your friends selling you to the highest bidder? On the other hand, if people can find a use for these networks, they'd probably pay a $10 monthly fee to belong. But not more, unless these are high-value (i.e. sexual or whatever) relationships we're creating. This is another get-rich-quick-scheme that will disappear within a year or so. Someone will make a little money here, but&#8230; I just don't see a very interesting business opportunity here. At least not for "legit" services. However, some vendors are like conferencing that support a better business model than paid introductions. On the other hand a survey has found out that One In Five urlLink 'Net Users Have Visited A Social Networking Site : survey of more than 9,200 Internet users' Web habits finds that one in five has visited a social networking site, according to a survey by BURST! Media, an Internet ad services company. The survey found that 19.2 percent of respondents say they have visited a social networking Web site such as Friendster or Tribe.net. Of those respondents, half (50.5 percent) actually registered and joined these sites. Men were slightly more likely than women to say they have visited a social networking Web site (21.7 percent versus 16.7 percent). However, women are more likely to register and join (53.3 percent versus 47.9 percent). Related Links: urlLink Social Networking Services Meta List

 The Technology : Use & Applications Technology evangelist Sam Pitroda tells in an urlLink interview : * Technology in India is urbane, elitist, exotic, intimidating and sexy * What is needed is that it should reach the rural masses * There are two reasons we need telecommunications and IT. They not only can only help Indians create wealth, they can also create wealth of their own. Unless we have both, we have no future as a nation * High technology can put unequal human beings on an equal footing. But this whole information revolution has not been clearly understood by people in India. They think they are somehow not going to be affected by it. On the other hand, Genevieve Bell, an anthropologist employed by Intel Research, has visited 100 households in 19 cities in seven countries overr the two years, in Asia and the Pacific to study urlLink how people use technology Some of what she learned in the field will be folded into Intel's design process, passed on to industrial designers and engineers and perhaps eventually embodied in a device. But many of Bell's findings also raise deep questions about the meaning of technology in an interconnected world. Her fieldwork project began four years ago with the insight that Intel might have a misconception about the potential users of its products elsewhere in the world. "We thought, there's a group of people just like us all over the world who will buy the technology and have it fill the same values in their lives," Bell said. "I was fairly certain that wasn't going to be the case. I'm an anthropologist. Culture matters." Bell, 37, who received her doctorate in anthropology from Stanford University with a dissertation on American Indian boarding schools, joined Intel in 1998. She is working on a book for MIT Press about her Asian research. Bell's project sent her to seven countries: India, China, Singapore, Indonesia, Malaysia, South Korea and Australia. She found that in some places, "It's harder for some forms of technology to get over the threshold of the home" -- not simply for economic reasons but for religious ones as well. For example, she said, values of humility and simplicity may make technology less welcome in some Hindu homes in India or some Muslim homes in Malaysia and Indonesia. * More on urlLink Taipeitimes.com ... .

 Inshoring, Nearshoring, Rightshoring & Microsourcing Warren Vieth urlLink reports about Inshoring, Nearshoring, Rightshoring & Microsourcing : The business of finding low-cost substitutes for American workers is getting more complex -- and so is the terminology. They don't just call it "offshoring" anymore. At a recent conference, the people who help U.S. companies shift white-collar work overseas offered potential clients a buffet of outsourcing options: "nearshoring," for those willing to stray no farther than Canada or Mexico; "inshoring," for those who prefer to bring foreign workers to America; and "rightshoring," for those desiring a custom package of in-house and off-site, foreign and domestic. For the faint of heart, there's "microsourcing." Don't fire your entire computer department, advised David Elmo, president of Ohio-based Corbus Corp. Instead, farm out chronic backlogs and special projects to programmers in India. "Getting rid of everyone puts you at a strategic disadvantage," said Elmo, whose company will help supply the foreign talent. "You don't know what's going to happen tomorrow."

 Indian Broadband Race The broadband race in India is picking up. Anand Parthasarathy in The Hindu urlLink Reports about the broadband happening in India and also informs about the types of broadband and its features. The report covers the broadband initiative of the players like ... * BSNL's Direct Internet Access Service (DIAS) * Dishnet's DSL * ZeeNext's Ethernet * Sify Infoway 's WiFi * Reliance Telecom's WiMax Another Story from urlLink Business World India (TRAI's broadband recommendations : Shake-up signals) UNBUNDLE, compete, achieve. That, in short, is the message of the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India's (Trai) final recommendations on broadband in India. The 113-page paper defines broadband as an always-on data connection with a minimum capacity of 256 kbps. But the meat really is in its 12-odd recommendations, some of which are bound to cause mayhem. If adopted together, they could take India to 20 million broadband subscribers by 2010 reckons Trai chairman Pradip Baijal. He reckons the recommendations will help "slaughter the prices of broadband". Kunal Bajaj, the consultant for Trai who worked on the report, reckons that two recommendations are key for that - reducing the cost of equipment and unbundling. urlLink Read more on Business World urlLink Broadband India:Recommendations on Accelerating Growth of Internet and Broadband Penetration [PDF] Executive Summary of Recommendations In April 2002, India was adding 0.28 million new mobile phone connections per month. Tariffs were high and fixed by the regulator, with only a couple of operators in each circle. Today, operators are adding almost 2 million new mobile subscribers per month, almost 8 times that of April 2002. Many regulatory steps were taken to arrive at today's scenario by allowing enhanced competition and reduced costs to benefit consumers. While not all steps were accepted instantly by operators or the public, today consumers and the overall market are in a much better situation. Internet and broadband roll-out has the ability to have even farther reaching effects than the reforms in telephony did. Not only will broadband enable people to communicate with each other, but also to do business more efficiently over longer distances, be better educated, have access to better health services, benefit from better governance, and have enhanced entertainment services. Availability of broadband services at affordable pricelevels will have significant impact on gross domestic product (GDP) and attract new investment, create jobs and a larger more qualified labor pool, and increase productivity through infrastructure creation and access to new and improved services. While internet growth rates in India have been flat, and at times declining over the past three years, other countries like Korea, China and Malaysia have been doubling and tripling the size of their internet and broadband subscriber base. India currently has 0.4 internet connections and 0.02 broadband connections per 100 persons, while Korea has 25 and China has 1.4 broadband connections per 100 persons, with its current level 50% higher than what it was just six months ago. Korea has achieved its success story in a span of less than five years, going from less than 1 broadband subscriber per 100 persons in 1999 to the levels it has reached today. By 2002, nearly 30% of their GDP was transacted on broadband. The lessons that India learns from these examples can be applied to our current situation to realize the same explosive success. In this document, the Authority has identified eleven major hurdles preventing growth of internet and broadband services. These hurdles include: * Price 1. Subscription prices of broadband services in India are 60 times higher than those in Korea, which translates to 1,200 times higher when considering purchasing power (Paragraph 1.8) * Access to the customer in the last mile 2. Lack of access to copper in the local loop and the high costs of duplicating this existing infrastructure (Section 3.4) 3. Low quality of cable TV infrastructure and the lack of organization in that industry which makes upgrade difficult (Section 3.5) 4. High costs of using DTH and VSAT technologies, and restrictions preventing them from being used for delivering broadband internet services (Section 3.6) 5. Policies preventing terrestrial wireless solutions from being effective alternatives to bridging the last mile to customers (Section 3.7) 6. Barriers in obtaining right of way clearances that are stalling network installation efforts (Section 3.9) * Costs of backhaul networks 7. High prices in domestic leased circuits, even though there are multiple competing players (Section 4.1.5) 8. High costs of international leased circuits and problem with access to landing stations (Section 4.1.6) 9. Ineffectiveness of NIXI thus far to be able to deliver on its objectives (Section 4.2) * Fiscal policies 10. Policies which prevent availability of low cost access devices, do not create incentives for further investment, and add direct cost to providing and purchasing broadband services (Chapter 5) * Creation of content and applications 11. The lack of locally relevant content and applications, especially for broadband, which is caused primarily by a lack of users and the absence of a "changeengine" to drive the growth (Chapter 6) We have addressed these hurdles with twelve sets of recommendations for creating an environment that is more conducive to attracting investors, entrepreneurs and consumers to contribute to the spread of these services. These recommendations include: * Definition and goals 1. Broadband is an "An always-on data connection that is able to support various interactive services, and has the capability of a minimum download speed of 256 Kbps." This will be revised upwards in the future (Section 2.1) 2. India can achieve 20 million broadband and 40 million internet subscribers by 2010, which translate to penetration levels of 1.7% and 3.4%, respectively. This is a bare minimum target and will need to be upgraded as progress is made (Section 2.2) * Access to the customer in the last mile 3. Enabling the use of the existing infrastructure on the incumbents' copper to reach customers via DSL (Section 3.4.2) 4. Decreasing artificial costs in the operation of DTH and VSAT platforms, while allowing broadband services to be offered via these technologies (Section 3.6) 5. Allowing terrestrial wireless solutions to spread more effectively as a means to reach customers with today's technologies, as well as those in the near future (Section 3.7) 6. Enabling right of way clearance systems to be further streamlined for both current and future build-out efforts (Section 3.9) * Costs of backhaul networks 7. Allowing customers to realize the benefits of competition in domestic leased lines while compensating for the current lack of such competition in "within city" links (Section 4.1.5) 8. Identifying the steps that need to be taken to make NIXI effective and attractive for ISP's of all sizes to willingly partic ipate (Section 4.2) * Fiscal policies 9. Encouraging the availability of low cost access devices through depreciation, donation and recycling of used PC's (Section 5.3) 10. Decreasing to the level of duties on mobile phones the current overall levels of duties for imported items used in broadband networks, and equalizing duties Growth of Internet and Broadband on inputs and domestically manufactured goods with those that are imported (Section 5.4) 11. Providing the appropriate tax structure to enable faster growth, without the Government having to forego significant revenue (Section 5.5) * Creation of content and applications 12. Outlining how the Government should proceed in being more aggressive in its efforts to create content and applications available online for interacting with citizens, and thereby serve as a leading example (Chapter 6) Once these recommendations are implemented, India can reach broadband penetration levels that are 50 times where we are today within a couple of years. The growth that has been witnessed in a few years in India in the telephony space and in Korea in broadband, can be replicated and surpassed. **** urlLink Download the Full Report in *PDF* (Righ Click on the link and Choose 'Save Target As')**** Related Links : * urlLink Consumer Broadband Report for 2004 [PDF] prepared by urlLink Nagendra Technology Consulting * urlLink Reliance kickstarts broadband operations with TV channels * urlLink Birds-Eye.Net India Broadband Operator Directory * urlLink CIOL : News : India poised for the broadband leap

 Weakness in Indian Intellectual Property (IP) Laws Even after the improvements in the IPR laws, protection of IP in some areas remains weak due to inadequate laws and ineffective enforcement, says a urlLink Special 302 Report released by urlLink United States Trade Representative (USTR) B Zoellick. Some of the problems areas in IP Laws are in Software IP Laws, WIPO Internet treaties implementation, Trademarks & Copyright infringements. USTR has kept India on urlLink Priority Watch LIst and this is what the report stays about India : While India has improved its IPR regime, protection of intellectual property in some areas remains weak due to inadequate laws and ineffective enforcement. India's urlLink 2002 patent law amendments (which became effective in May 2003) exempt subject matter such as biotechnological inventions, methods for agriculture and horticulture, processes for the treatment of humans, animals, or plants, and substances prepared by chemical processes from patent protection. Under the urlLink TRIPS Agreement , India has until January 1, 2005 to provide product patent protection, including for pharmaceuticals and agricultural chemicals. While the United States is encouraged by the Indian Government's recent statements concerning implementation of data exclusivity regulations, India has yet to implement the TRIPS obligation to protect confidential test data submitted by innovative pharmaceutical companies for market approval. India's Copyright Act has three overly broad exceptions, which together weaken protection of software. India is also in the process of revising its copyright law to implement the urlLink WIPO Internet treaties ; we expect India to fully implement its obligations in this regard. Protection of foreign trademarks remains difficult due to procedural barriers and delays. Trademark owners must prove they have used their mark to avoid a counterclaim for registration cancellation due to non-use. Such proof can be difficult, given India's policy of discouraging foreign trademark use. Companies denied the right to import and sell products in India often are unable to demonstrate use of registered trademarks through local sale. Piracy of copyrighted materials (particularly software, films, popular fiction and certain textbooks) remains a problem for U.S. and Indian rightholders. India has not adopted an optical disc law to deal with optical media piracy. Cable television piracy continues to be a significant problem, with estimates of tens of thousands of illegal systems in operation. The United States also has serious concerns about high levels of counterfeiting, particularly for medicines and auto parts. India's criminal IPR enforcement regime remains weak, and India needs sustained, centralized, coordinated enforcement of intellectual property rights, especially trademarks and copyrights. Its court system is extremely slow, and there are only a few reported convictions for copyright infringements resulting from raids. Industry reports significant weaknesses in India's border protection against counterfeit and pirated goods. India also needs to address the high volume of exports of domestically produced counterfeit goods. Related Links : * List of urlLink Indian Laws & Law resources | Findlaw * urlLink Ministry of Law & Justice Government of India

 Sasser Worm This worm infects computers by exploiting a flaw in Microsoft's Windows operating system. Once inside, the worm scans the internet for others to attack, causing some computers to continually crash and reboot. It has severly urlLink hit asian region - Taiwan, Hongkong and India. Sasser Worm - Info : First Detected on Friday 4/29, 2004 with Worm with Variants &#8211; Sasser.A/B/C/D . It exploits law in Windows Local Security Authority Service Server (LSASS) and is spreading worldwide Effects of Sasser * Crashes infected devices * Causes systems to reboot continuously * Can scan for 1,024 separate IP addresses simultaneously * Taiwanese Post Office, Sydney Australia Train System and several Scandinavian Banks reported infections &#8211; among other organizations How Sasser Works : * Exploits vulnerability in Windows Local Security Authority Service Server (LSASS) * Vulnerability allows remote attacker to execute arbitrary code with System privileges * Affected systems include: Microsoft Windows XP and Windows 2000 * Patch is available from Microsoft * Worm executes code and installs a copy of itself into the infected computer&rsquo;s memory &#8211; which infects other hosts. Related Links : * urlLink What You Should Know About the Sasser Worm and It Variants | Microsoft * urlLink On the Worm Watch: Sasser * urlLink Sasser Worm Analysis - LURHQ * urlLink Sasser : Virus Profile * urlLink How to Rid Your PC of 'Sasser' Infection * urlLink Symantec Security Response - W32.Sasser Removal Tool * urlLink Microsoft's Recommendations for the Sasser Worm and Its Variants

 Nasscom's Emphasis Jerry Rao urlLink speaks out his agenda for the year as the newly appointed Chairman of Nasscom on CIOL.com From quitting a high profile corporate job to start-up a software services and consultancy company, Mphasis, in the US and build it to one of India&rsquo;s top 10 software services exporter, urlLink Jerry Rao has indeed come a long way. He was conferred the Ernst and Young `Entrepreneur of the Year&rsquo; Award in 2001 and has recently donned the role as the chairman of Nasscom. In an exclusive interview with Rahul Gupta of CyberMedia News, Rao shares his plans to establish India as a high quality, secure, reliable software powerhouse and center of best practices in the BPO. Published are some of the excerpts of the meeting He answers about : * Priorities and focus areas as the chairman of the Nasscom * Underplaying the backlash as America's internal issue * Nasscom&rsquo;s contribution in building `India Inc&rsquo; brand & ability to sell it * Nasscom&rsquo;s role as a thought leader * Nasscoms role for Indian hardware sector * Risks in IT Contracts

 Gmail Tools Found on urlLink Nilesh's Blog urlLink G-Mailto : Sets Gmail as your default mail program in Windows. So when you click on a mailto:// url, your favourite web browser will open up a page with Gmail's Compose window. Pretty nifty. urlLink GTray : Windows system tray notifier for new Gmail mail. urlLink GmailCompose : A Mozilla Firefox extension to open the Gmail compose window with the click of a button. urlLink Gmail Loader : Import your existing mail into Gmail! urlLink Other supporting apps to help move to Gmail. Links : * urlLink POP Goes the Gmail Retrieve Gmail using POP in Outlook Express

 Hiware Bazaar : Going green at the grassroots - and blossoming Where there is will, theirs a way. Yesterday via CNBC came through this interesting story about Hiware Bazaar, a small village in Maharashtra which is like a Oasis in Dought Ridden Maharashtra. The Sarpanch and the Panchayat have a ambitious plan for 2005 that , nobody in the village should be below the poverty line and without a piece of land. They also ensure that villagers have access to loans and ensure that loan is used effeciently for the right purpose. Hiware bazaar has some wonderful water reservation plans like banning of certain crops, banning on digging borewells and the beauty is that villagers and farmers do understand this restrictions and now also witness & party to the benefits. By this example we can say that "the probelm is not that people don't have the solutions, the problem is that people don't get the problems right ?." Once you get the problem right you have easy solutions and big results. The achievements of Hiware Bazaar and others are highlighted in the urlLink Planning Commission of India report : urlLink WATER The Water Women: A Case Study of Tank Restoration . [ The report is in PDF : To download , Right click the link and choose "Save Target As".] Adarsh Gaon In 1993, three years after a serious village led community development process was underway, Hiware Bazaar was recognized by the Government of Maharashtra as an &lsquo;Adarsh Gaon&rsquo; (ideal village). Under a government program that sought to identify the most promising locations of village development in each district, the Hiware Bazaar story was highlighted to the government machinery and to the people at large. In many ways this was because it quickly learnt from the experiences of village development from itsmore famous neighbor of the last decade, Ralegao Siddhi.. By adopting the four tenets of Anna Hazare's work, Charabandhi (ban on grazing), Nashabandhi (ban on alcohol) Nassbandhi (family planning) and Katbandhi (ban on deforestation), it appealed to planners and politicians alike. The results of this recognition, besides having monetary benefits for various developments were enormous. Access to government and bureaucratic machinery was greatly increased as a consequence of this. As a result, villageleaders now report few difficulties while trying to access the bureaucratic structure of the government. Most officials were extremely cooperative and eager to enhance the successes of their efforts. Over the years, therefore, the village of Hiware Bazaar has reportedly used the infrastructure and benefit of many government and quasi government agencies for village development works. These are: 1. Yashwant Krishi Panlot Sanstha- NGO headed by the sarpanch, (recipient of Adarsh Gav Yojna) funded nalla bunding, aforestations, storage bandharas, and boulder/ earthen structures 2. Forest Department- Van-tale, aforestation 3. Agriculture department- Bunding 4. Minor Irrigation dept- Percolation tanks 5. Rural Sanitation programme- Construction of toilets 6. ?- Subsidies for Biogas, solar energy 7. MH Govt.&#8211; watershed training institute 8. ICAR and Mahatma Phule Agricultural University- increasing dry crop yields under Jawahar research scheme Related Links : * urlLink Going green at the grassroots - and blossoming

 Telecom Infrastructure sharing between SAARC countries A PIB urlLink Report : India has called for the need to optimise the use of telecom infrastructure for intra-regional communication with a view to bring down the costs of telecom services. This was stated by the Union Minister of Communication and Information Technology Shri Dayanidhi Maran, while addressing the 2nd SAARC Communication Ministers Conference at Islamabad, Pakistan today. Shri Maran said that &#8220;Using each others infrastructure for intra-regional communication can prove to be economically advantageous, but with the added benefit of the resources circulating within the region, besides lower tariffs to the consumer&#8221;. For more effective regional co-operation , Sh Maran stated that it would also be necessary to digitalise inter-country links within the region in a time bound manner. &#8220;On our part, we have digitalised all our telephone exchanges&#8221; he added. Related Links : * urlLink Two more NIXI nodes to come up

 Hotmail trying to be Hot ? After Rediffmail and Yahoo Mail now urlLink HoTMaiL joins [BBC] the Gmail in mail box storage competition. - Gmail - 1GB storage, 10MB attachments - Hotmail Plus - $19.95 per year, 2GB storage, 20MB attachments - Hotmail free - 250MB storage, 10MB attachments - Yahoo Mail Plus - &pound;11.99, 2GB storage, 10MB attachments - Yahoo Free - 100MB of storage, 10MB attachments - Lycos UK Personal - &pound;41.88 per year, 1GB storage, 50MB attachments - Lycos UK - free, 10MB storage - Spymac - free, 1GB storage - Ask Jeeves - free, 250MB storage - Ask Jeeves Excite Gold - $19.99 per year, 2GB storage - Shiremail - &pound;42 per year, 1GB storage Related Links : * urlLink Google's Gmail could be blocked

 When is the right time to start your own business? urlLink Mahesh Murthy gives some pointers on urlLink When is the right time to start your own business? . In the given extract he talks about "Education" . Education seems to make no difference whatsoever to your likelihood of success as an entrepreneur. As an employee maybe, but not as a business owner. (A personal observation: I never bothered getting a degree, and I don't think it's hurt me very much so far.) The bigger point, though, is what will make the business you intend to start successful. Again, I really believe the key to succeeding is to understand the market you will be operating in. See what the buyers need and what current sellers offer - and figure out if there's a gap where you can offer something better, and in a way that others can't match soon enough. This is what it takes. To do this requires no particular education - and no set years of experience. If there are so many successful Internet entrepreneurs around the world barely out of their teens, it's because they had the relevant experience of being online early in life - and they figured out the problems and a solution for their markets better than anybody else twice their age. They may be young - but they had the relevant experience. That's why you rarely see teenaged chemical industry successes, or 20-year-old biotech billionaires. You need the 'right' experience and insights from it - not just years of work at some unconnected place. That hopefully answers the other question many of you put to me - "Mahesh, I'm joining a bank and want to work for a few years, and then start an organic vegetable operation". Sorry, bossman, no can do. That is not relevant to your intended line of business. You're better off going to the mandi now. Related Links : * urlLink Forbes Magazine's List of the World's Richest People * urlLink Noted Individuals - High School and Elementary School Dropouts * urlLink ELLISON TO GRADS: DIPLOMAS ARE FOR LOSERS / Oracle CEO Urges Students to Drop out, Start up (Satire) * urlLink Famous Entrepreneurs

 Technology as a Threat to Job urlLink Harvey Cohen , president of urlLink Strategy Analytics believes that urlLink Technology is the biggest threat to jobs .Technology that adds intelligence to computers poses a far more serious threat to jobs than low-wage countries. According to him, "The thing about technology is that it has a tendency to creep up on you". Computers also handle many customer-service tasks today, such as directing callers to service reps or scanning customers' email and giving back automated responses. As computer intelligence improves, technology will handle more tasks and replace more people. And the technology will get better. For example, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, the research arm for the US military, is leading a project to develop a vehicle that can navigate a desert for at least 15 kilometres without a driver. Prototypes have gone as far as 11km, successfully moving around cactuses, boulders and other obstacles. "I view this in the same way as the first flight of the Wright brothers," Cohen said. Such advancements eventually find their way into businesses, which means someday fewer jobs driving forklifts and delivery trucks. "The level of embedded intelligence in our electronic products and services is at a real turning point where we see this accelerating," Cohen said.

 Mobile Makes Sperm Immobile Ouch ! Save sperm throw your mobile : urlLink Mirror UK : MERELY carrying a mobile phone can cut a man's sperm count by nearly 30 per cent, new research suggests.Scientists claim radiation from a switched-on phone, even if not in use, slashes the number of sperm per millilitre by almost 24 million.

 A victim raped twice : Morons for the protection of Human Rights of a Rapist: My response to Amit's blog entry : urlLink Dhananjay's punishment got a Stay order . Mr. President is considering his mercy plea. But Why ? Amit, I completely agree with you in some cases i think capital punishment must be there. If somebody kills another human, he/she by default looses the right to live. And all those preachers of human rights, can they take the responsibility to change that person, or commit that the same person will not do the same crime again. Everybody comes up with Solutions in India, but all of them have not understood the problem right. The people who cannot get the work done from their local municipality , hue and cry about the human rights, It makes me bang my head on the wall. First think about the human right about the child labour working in your house, that minor girl who is available in Rs.150 in the read light area of your city. And most importantly think about the human rights of that victim who got raped and about the human rights of the family who has suffered a lost. Please use "Reference to Context", for god sakes don't debate about the f***** human rights of a rapist. Don't talk about this bullshit of humans and civilization. Do you think carrying mobiles , flying spaceships, and connecting on the internet makes us civilized. Animals are the first class species on this earth who beautify this planet, humans are the worst thing on the planet. If you don't believe me, just close your eyes and see this planet without humans, i will call that vision as a very ideal and good dream. Dudes.... open your eyes and see others and yourself how human we are and how civilized we are. For Human rights must apply to humans, and they do not exist in ideal form anywhere on this planet. As science says "Survival of the fittest", the people who are not fit in terms of capabilities in harming others, need a protection of capital punishment.

 The Green Oscars Indians have urlLink won two of the four urlLink Ashden Awards 2004 , considered as Green Oscars, and a cash of 30,000 pounds each for their inspirational and innovative renewable energy projects. * Goverdhan Rathore, founder of the Prakratik Society in Ranthambhore in Rajasthan, bagged the Climate Care Award and the cash prize for providing villages around the Ranthambhore Tiger reserve with a cleaner, greener alternative to firewood for cooking, in the form of bio-gas. * Hemant Lamba and his team at the international township of Auroville in Pondicherry succeeded in delivering affordable and reliable renewable energy products and services (in the form of solar panels) in 12 states, benefiting 80,000 people. * Binu Parthan of IT Power received a runners-up prize of 7,500 pounds for designing a pioneering smoke-free, fuel-efficient stove that cuts the wood requirement by 70 percent. Background on Ashden Awards: The Ashden Awards for Sustainable Energy were created in 2001 by the Ashden Trust, one of the Sainsbury Family Charitable Trusts. For the first two years, the awards were presented in association with the Whitley Awards for Conservation. The success of the renewable energy awards encouraged the Ashden Trust to set up an independent scheme and to increase the number of awards, thanks to contributions from four other Sainsbury Family Charitable Trusts. Due to their success, the awards have expanded in number and geographical coverage. This is the second year to include projects in the UK, recognising that industrialised countries need to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. The Ashden Awards for Sustainable Energy 2003 are presented in association with Green Futures, the UK's leading magazine on environmental solutions and sustainable futures, and its parent organisation, Forum for the Future. Forum for the Future was founded in 1996 by three of the UK's leading advocates of sustainable development - Jonathon Porritt, Sara Parkin and Paul Ekins. The charity aims to accelerate the building of a sustainable way of life, taking a positive, solutions-oriented approach. * urlLink Ashden Awards International Finalists 2004 * urlLink Picture Gallery of Finalist

 Cisco Acquire Procket Cisco Systems, Inc the worlds largest network equipment manufacturer will buy the intellectual property i.e a majority of the engineering team and select assets from Procket Network for $89 million. Prokect was co-founded in March 1999 by Sharad Mehrotra, William Lynch and Tony Li, Procket markets concurrent services routers and has expertise in silicon and software development. Mehrotra, the chairman emeritus of Procket, is no longer active with the company. Procket's has a technology similar to Cisco's new high-end router, which was unveiled in May and took four years and $500 million to develop. It is intended for large telecommunications carriers. Links: * urlLink Cisco Systems to Purchase Intellectual Property, Engineering Teams and Select Assets from Procket Networks [ Cisco News Release ]

 Spider-Man in India via Slashdot Follow this post on Slasdot regarding the debute of urlLink Indianized version of Spiderman in India : Lord Omlette writes "I'm really surprised no one else has mentioned this, but Spider-Man is getting redone in India! As an Indian-American, I'm quite excited. (Let's get it out of the way: even our comic book heroes are being outsourced, wtf!) The manga version of Star Wars was pretty good, but off the top of my head I can't think of any other comic books that were redone for a completely different culture. Anyone?" Links: * urlLink Spiderman Goes Desi [TOI]

 Build Operate Transfer and join the Crorepati-Club In the light of latest Bazee.com ( Avnish Bajaj and Suvir Sujan), takeover bid from Ebay.com , Economic Times urlLink Reports : Build a world-class organisation, turn it around into a profitable venture and then sell it off for a bounty&rsquo;-- this seems to be the mantra for becoming a millionaire these days as more and more CEOs are selling-off their startups and joining the &lsquo;crorepati-club&rsquo; . Some of the daring CEOs which materialised the BOT ( Build Operate Transfer ) philosophy to sell of their ventures are: * Sanjeev Agarwal - urlLink Daksh E-Services now owned by IBM * Raman Roy - urlLink Spectramind now owned Wipro Spectramind * Anant Koppar - urlLink Kshema Technologies now owned by Mphasis BFL * Puneet Dalmia and Alok Mittal - urlLink Jobsahead.com now owned by Monster * Sabeer Bhatia - urlLink Hotmail.com now owned by Microsoft

 Bob Bemer is No More urlLink Bob Bemer , a computer pioneer who published warnings of the Y2K problem in the early 1970s and helped invent a widely used coding system, urlLink has died after a battle with cancer. He was 84 A short list includes: * helped create COBOL (as in "Grandfather of" ) * coined the words COBOL and CODASYL * invented the ESCape sequence * created the PICTURE clause * helped create and standardize the ASCII character set (as in "Father of") * put the backslash into the ASCII set * helped create the 8-bit per byte standard"

 A letter to Western Media Representatives (Appologies for typos, spelling and grammatical mistakes - forgot to include in original email) Dear Mr. Morales, I was kind of disturbed by seeing your news article published in Bloomberg today : India Kills 5 Kashmir Rebels; 23 People Hurt in Blast, AFP Says . (http://quote.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=10000080&sid=audL0YUGBIL8&refer=asia) It seems that either I am ingorant about politics and my country or the western media doesn't have the willigness or honesty to understand the difference between "Rebel", "Terrorist" or "Militant". I am in no support and bias towards India and Pakistant , I am hopless about both their politics and politicians. I know you don't represent the entire western media but atleast I can know your personal thoughts on this and your reply may also eliminate certain misconceptions in my mind (if any) and I would get my facts straight. I would like to ask you on the behalf of a common Indian Citizens, relatives of the people who died in Kashmir & rest of India and families of martyr soldiers . I will be very obliged to know what makes you say these peoples "Islamic Rebels", is India - Pakistan issue a Hindu - Muslim issue, I think by attaching this tag of "Islamic (Rebels) you are hurting Muslims in India also. Please let us know why don't you use the term "Terrorits" . If according to you the definition of "Rebel" is correct then, do rebels kill people in another states and innocent common citizens who are in no-way attached to Kashmir issue ? . For Example : Mumbai Bomb Blast and Gujarat Temple Attack. Also if they are truly rebels then why are Indian Politicians remain untouched and the body count of innocent people increases day-by-day. Who are they rebelling against normal people of India (for your information Hindus & Muslims both) or Goverment of India. Again, I would be very obliged to get the reply from you, or if you think I am a Hindu fundamentalist and a "Rebel" then please do understand that I do not kill people and I know that your mail software has a "Delete" button. Thanks & Regards, Santoshkumar http://sanspeak.blogspot.com cc : Editor responsible for this story: Peter Torday at ptorday@bloomberg.net. PS : For your easy reference I have also copy - pasted the definition of Rebels & Terrorist from dictionary.com http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=rebel re&nbsp;bel ( P ) Pronunciation Key (r-bl) intr.v. re&nbsp;belled, re&nbsp;bel&nbsp;ling, re&nbsp;bels To refuse allegiance to and oppose by force an established government or ruling authority. To resist or defy an authority or a generally accepted convention. To feel or express strong unwillingness or repugnance: She rebelled at the unwelcome suggestion. http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=terrorist ter&nbsp;ror&nbsp;ist ( P ) Pronunciation Key (trr-st) n. One that engages in acts or an act of terrorism. ter&nbsp;ror&nbsp;ism ( P ) Pronunciation Key (tr-rzm) n. The unlawful use or threatened use of force or violence by a person or an organized group against people or property with the intention of intimidating or coercing societies or governments, often for ideological or political reasons.

 Trai Releases Consultation Paper On Access Deficit Review urlLink TRAI Releases Consultation Paper on Review of Access Deficit Charges : TRAI had notified an Interconnection Usage Charge (IUC) and an Access Deficit Charge (ADC) regime in January, 2003 which was subsequently reviewed and a revised scheme for IUC and ADC was notified on 29th October, 2003. The Authority had stated in its subsequent notification, inter alia, that it would be reviewing the ADC regime annually, it would consider phasing out ADC funding to BSOs other than BSNL after next review, and consider moving to a revenue share regime to fund the ADC, which should gradually decline and be phased out within three to five years. The Authority has released a Consultation Paper today to begin the consultation process for such a review. The paper first recalls some of the key points that the Authority had made in its notification of 29th October, 2003 regarding the evolution of the ADC regime over time, and its review for adopting a revised regime based on revenue share. The paper then notes a number of difficulties that have been reported regarding reconciliation of data (and hence related payments) as well as certain incentives for call bypass/grey market calls under the present ADC regime. The Authority has reached a conclusion that these matters would be suitably addressed under a regime based on revenue share. In this context, the Authority has also raised the issue of the ADC being made available only to BSNL, the incumbent which has a large presence in the country, including in rural and remote areas. The paper argues that if the ADC regime is based on revenue share, then the extent of data requirement for the review is much lower than that required for an ADC regime based on varying charges per minute. Thus, based on reasonable assumptions on growth of subscriber base for fixed and mobile, capital investment and average revenues per user (including revenues from access and long distance services), it would be possible to calculate the required percentage revenue share that would fund the ADC. The paper has taken a range for the average monthly rental for BSNL&rsquo;s fixed service, and thus has reached a range for the proposed ADC revenue share. One estimate of monthly rental is Rs. 156, which was the amount, based on actual data for 2002-2003, considered for the IUC Regulation of 29th October 2003. Subsequent to this some revisions in the monthly rentals have taken place in a number of tariff schemes, as a result of which the average monthly rental would have increased. An upper limit of Rs. 200 has been taken for monthly rental, in the paper on ADC review. This amount was used in the first IUC Regulation which was notified on 24th January, 2003, based on the standard tariff packages in place. Further, the Authority has now given tariff forbearance (except for rural areas). Thus, the range for monthly rental considered for the ADC review is Rs. 156 to Rs. 200. The range for the proposed ADC revenue share based on the calculations mentioned in the paper is 2.2% (for monthly rental of Rs. 200) and 5.3% (for monthly rental of Rs. 156) of AGR(Adjusted Gross Revenue). The Authority invites responses from the stakeholders by 15th July, 2004. For more detail, please see the TRAI website at &#8220;www.trai.gov.in&#8221;. Links : * urlLink Consultation Paper On Access Deficit Review [HTML] urlLink [PDF] Right Click and choose "Save As".

 India&rsquo;s IT services revenue up 29% in 2003: Gartner urlLink Navhind Times Reports : India-based IT services vendors saw 29 per cent increase in revenues, but continued to be a marginal player in the global market which grew 6.2 per cent to $ 569 billion in 2003, research firm Gartner has said. Indian-based vendors represented a small segment of the worldwide market, with 1.4 per cent of total revenues. However, their revenues collectively increased 29 per cent over 2002, according to preliminary results from Gartner. US-based vendors continued to lead the worldwide IT services market, attracting 59 per cent of the total spending. IBM remained the largest competitor, with revenue rising 6.2 per cent to $ 42.6 billion and its market share unchanged at 7.5 per cent. Links : * urlLink After IT, India set for retail boom

 A $50m Bazee In continuation to my earlier post urlLink It's Time for Ebay to take the Bazee , the Global online auctioneer eBay Inc will urlLink acquire Baazee.com for $50 million (Rs 230 crore) . Earlier the size of the deal was not known. The founder Avnish Bajaj, 33, and Suvir Sujan, 32, have just become urlLink the latest dot com millionaire poster boys of the nascent Indian Net scape joining the gangs of Sabir Bhatia (Hotmail.com) and Rajiv Jain (India.com).

 Mobile technologies speed comparison simulator for CDMA2000 EV-DO, CDMA2000 1X, GPRS and EDGE Which Mobile Internet technology is the best ? May be you can find it, by playing urlLink this simulation game at Lucent.com . The simulator here shows the differences in bandwidth and roundtrip delays for various mobile technologies. The simulator compares CDMA2000 EV-DO, CDMA2000 1X, GPRS and EDGE. A UMTS, GPRS, GSM-Data and Modem version. There are two version of the simulator one with EV-DO & one with UMTS. You can find some good articles, product information, policy reviews and recommendations at urlLink Convergence Plus . Related Links : * urlLink Mobile Internet India 2003 * urlLink Convergence India 2005

 We don't need Satyendra Dubey Ranjeev C Dubey, managing partner of New Delhi Law Offices (South) writes in urlLink Business World India ; Why India doesn't need a Whistle Blower Act. To some extent he is correct, but what he expects "effective, responsible government" requires"effective, responsible society". The society is getting what its deserves but the penalty is paid by people like Satyendra Dubey. So the best solution will be to not to have people like Satyendra Dubey. Support corruption, save a life . Corporate India does have legitimate fears: for one, cohesion, mutual faith and team play are the key to productivity, and institutionalised Orwellian squealing is its antithesis. Second, there are a thousand ways to victimise squealing employees, but such laws only encourage the incompetent to become whistle-blowers to avoid being sacked. Third, whistle-blowing settles extraneous scores, promotes 'political' subgroups, institutionalises internal and external blackmail, and adds to the predatory powers of our predatory state. Lastly, whistle-blowing results in defensive management, proliferates mindless procedures, and ultimately destroys initiative and risk-taking. The key point here is that what applies to corporate India also applies to the government of India: a whistleblower law may only work to paralyse whatever still functions in the government. Let's face it, the whole corruption racket works on mutual benefits and fair distribution. What you probably will have with a whistle-blower law is a little benefit and a lot of problems. So why do we need whistle-blower legislation? Laws don't automatically mean law-abiding societies. That apart, what will the law say that is not already covered under existing fair labour practice legislation ('thou shall not victimise') or, as in Dubey's case, the Indian Penal Code ('thou shall not kill')? So let me put it bluntly: to save a life such as Dubey's all you really need is appropriate and sensitive government response to credible information of corruption in high places, and an effective witness protection programme. These are administrative issues, not legislative ones. This is not an argument for a whistle-blower law. This is only an argument for effective, responsible government. So let us focus on working towards responsible liberal governance and forget about the symbolism inherent in enacting a grand law we cannot and will not implement.

 Policy Recommendations to Tackle Spam Yahoo!, Microsoft, EarthLink and AOL Propose Key Best Practices and Technologies to Tackle the Problem of Unsolicited Commercial E-Mail. The complete proposal can be found at urlLink http://antispam.yahoo.com urlLink Download.Microsoft.com [ PDF ] urlLink http://www.microsoft.com/spam urlLink http://www.earthlink.net/spamblocker urlLink http://corp.aol.com/press/press_release062204.html

 Can Linux improve the lives of millions of people too poor to own a computer? From urlLink LinuxJournal & also a discussion on urlLink Slashdot : urlLink Delixus, Inc . recently completed work on the Delixus e-Governance Platform 2004 edition that leverages the strengths of Linux to provide improved services to widows, pensioners and poor farmers in the Indian state of Karnataka. The Delixus e-Governance Platform addresses the needs of millions of rural poor citizens in India who receive widow or pension checks through services provided by local government offices. For several reasons, the current manual system is slow in getting checks to the people who desperately need the money. First, long distances often exist between the pension offices and the villages where people live. Second, cross-referencing multiple files for a single citizen often takes weeks due to the large volume of applicants. Third, citizens often are unaware when checks are ready for pickup.

 The Digital Village : Business Week Manjeet Kripalani in BusinessWeek writes about the " urlLink The Digital Village "; how the poor farmers of Karnataka are facing the benefits of digitization of the land records with equal access to information and proving as digital turning point for India. There is a great divide in India of haves and haves not, sometimes natural and sometimes artificial due to red-tapisim and exploitation. The equal access to information is a crucial right of any citizen and should not depend upon class, caste or status, thats what is the definition of Democracy. Technology can not only breat this divide and inquality or exploitation of system , but it also provides the power to the common man, the power of knowledge. Stretching Resources Many of these efforts are driven by the urge to profit: If a fraction of India's poor logged in or dialed up just once a day -- and paid a minuscule fee to a service provider for the privilege -- then the sheer mass could create a viable business. "If you can conceptualize the world's 4 billion poor as a market, rather than as a burden, they must be considered the biggest source of growth left in the world," says C.K. Prahalad, a leading management theorist who studies developing markets. Other pioneers are purely altruistic -- they want to break India's millennia-long curse of poverty. It's an awesome curse, and at first look, it's hard to see how digital technology cooked up by some entrepreneurial do-gooders can relieve hunger or thirst or guarantee a better crop. No laptop, however cheap or durable, can compensate for India's lack of a nationwide power grid, or a comprehensive network of highways. But digital technology can deliver information -- information the rural poor desperately need -- about crop conditions, fertilizer prices, health care, and more. Reliable information can help India's poor stretch their resources -- to plant the right crops, deal with bureaucrats more effectively, operate on a level playing field with customers and merchants. The digital revolution in India is largely an information revolution..........

 It's Time for Ebay to take the Bazee Internet auction major urlLink Ebay.com is all urlLink set to aquire the local internet auction big-shot urlLink Bazee.com . The valuation of the deal is not known right now, but according to the latest news Baazee.com promoted by media group Star and ICICI Bank , urlLink expects to break-even in the current financial year. Baazee.com was initially promoted by two Harvard graduates & first-time entrepreurs urlLink Avnish Bajaj and Suvir Sujan . Mr Sujan left the company for sometime and then returned to become the co-CEO

 View on Indian Reforms Barry Shlachter from Star-Telegram writes : urlLink Reforms set the stage for India's boom As Americans learn every day, bits and pieces of their economy are being dismantled and shipped overseas. India gets the lion's share of business-process outsourcing -- 35 percent -- compared with China's 15 percent, and 6 percent each for Canada and Mexico. At last count, more than 700,000 Indians work in outsourcing activities. A remarkable convergence of factors has put India in the right place at the right time to become the world's white-collar outsourcing leader: an abundance of cheap but educated labor that speaks English and access to cutting-edge telecommunications technology that links U.S. clients or consumers with Indian facilities as if they were next door. Help lines for utilities, credit cards, computer makers and others are now staffed in Bangalore, which controls 35 percent to 40 percent of the country's export software and business-services work, as well as in other southern Indian cities, including Mumbai, Pune, Hyderabad, Kolkata and New Delhi. Telemarketing, financial research, tax returns, book editing, medical transcription, mortgage processing and payroll chores are increasingly being outsourced. Software design and programming is even bigger. While offshoring work makes up a minuscule slice of India's economy, it was expected to bring in revenues of $12.2 billion in India for the year ending in June. That's up 28 percent over the previous 12 months, according to India's National Association of Software and Services Companies, the outsourcers' industry group. About a third was earned by call centers and business-process operations, the rest by software developers and programmers. It's not all one-way traffic. Many of the computers used by Indian call centers and software design offices are American-branded. "Dell, Dell, Dell," rattles off V.S. Srinivasan, a Mumbai-based business-processing consultant to Mastek, which has forged a joint venture with Carreker, a Farmers Branch firm that specializes in outsourcing for financial institutions. "Compaq, Compaq, Compaq." In April, IBM signed a 10-year agreement to handle all information technology for India's largest cellphone company, Bharti Televentures, a deal that Big Blue estimated would be worth at least $700 million. The same month IBM paid $160 million for a major Indian call center called Daksh. And many of the Indian outsourcing providers have opened offices in the United States, hiring executives and sales staff.

 ISP's concentrate on VAS Earlier other than PSTN Dial-up & ISDN there were very few value addition with ISP like Leased Line, Hosting, Co-locating server, etc. But now with VSNL's demonopolization and increase in service spectrum and increase in the knowledge of corporate sector, ISPs are looking forward to gamut of Value Added Services like VOIP, DSL, Bandiwidth on Deman, VPN, Managed Services, Vide & Web Conferencing, Net Telephony, and lots of other mix-n-match of services. This urlLink Express Computer article discusses the slag faced by ISP idustry in general due to the dial-up dependancy of the customer, there is need for new technologies and new exitement. For example, I don't have boradband connection at home and may not in the near future also because in our area there are too many cybercafes and it should be profitable for my cable provider / internet provide to provide the connection in my area and/or building complex, but thanks to Reliance India Mobile I can now connect anywhere through my laptop or desktop. urlLink Express Computer Online : The growth of the Internet subscriber base in India has slowed down, it was less than five percent during Q3 and Q4 of 2003. According to the Internet Service Providers Asso-ciation of India (ISPAI), this is because close to 95 percent of Indian customers are still on dial-up which is unreliable in terms of speed and quality of service. Worse, a dial-up user gets hit with hefty phone bills on top of what he pays the ISP. ISPAI points out that ISPs are focusing on metros and select B-class cities. This leaves small towns where customers cannot afford the high cost of buying a PC, an Internet connection and paying the telephone charges for &lsquo;net access. These users prefer to go the nearest cybercafe; hence the scope for increasing the dial-up subscriber base is very low. ISPs are therefore forced to look at VAS to make up for the loss they are incurring from pure dial-up services. Says Amitabh Singhal, president, ISPAI, &#8220;Out of the 4.1 million Internet subscribers in India, a majority reside in cities. That number can go up to 40 million if we offer value-added services such as broadband.&#8221; ISPAI believes that Indian ISPs have plumped for the VAS route in order to be profitable with a low subscriber base. One obvious route is to sell services that increase bandwidth consumption and thereby the ISP&rsquo;s revenues. Notes Singhal, &#8220;In the last couple of years, many Indian ISPs have shuttered their establishments due to the slow growth of their subscriber base. ISPs will have to offer broadband and value-added services to remain in business.&#8221;

 Rediffmail goes 1 GB After the launch of Gmail (google's email service) Yahoo! declared a 100 MB mail services but our very own Rediffmail dares to declare 1GB. Actually I was expecting the same from these email providers from long time since storages technologies have evolved and price/mb has dropped significantly, moreover the better management of space and deactivation of non-active members would have allowed yahoo & hotmail to provides space n x 10 MB long time ago. But there was no need, since there was no competition so nobody even thoought of providing . Now with google's announcement the need has arrived to sustain the customers. But from 5 MB to 1 GB jump is amazing. I hope people will not misuse this for 'xxx' attachments ;-). urlLink BusinessWire : Rediff.com India Limited (Nasdaq:REDF), one of the premier worldwide online providers of news, information, communication, entertainment and shopping services today announced the launch of Rediffmail 1GB effective 2000 hours IST today, giving virtually unlimited storage space of 1 gigabyte to all its free email users in India and worldwide. With immediate effect, Rediffmail users will also be able to send in a single email a message of size up to 10 megabytes. Earlier this year, Rediff.com had launched Rediffmail with enhanced security and feature-rich add-ons. Rediffmail users already enjoy a simple-to-use, fast and secured experience. Rediffmail is secured with an exclusive Spam Shield and enables one to write emails in 11 Indian languages. Rediff.com will also start freeing up over 15 million email addresses that have not been in use over the years, giving new users a better chance of finding an email id of their choice. For the premium paid users, Rediffmail Plus and Rediffmail Mobile, the storage space available will be 2GB each. The storage previously available with Rediffmail was 5 MB and the mail message size 1 MB. For the paid Rediffmail Plus and Rediffmail Mobile users, storage was 10 MB and the mail message size 5 MB.

 A lesson on "KISS" One of the most memorable case studies on Japanese management was the case of the empty soap box, which happened in one of Japan's biggest cosmetics companies. The company received a complaint that a consumer had bought a soap box that was empty. Immediately the authorities isolated the problem to the assembly line, which transported all the packaged boxes of soap to the delivery department. For some reason, one soap box went through the assembly line empty. Management asked its engineers to solve the problem. Post-haste, the engineers worked hard to devise an X-ray machine with high-resolution monitors manned by two people to watch all the soap boxes that passed through the line to make sure they were not empty. No doubt, they worked hard and they worked fast but they spent whoopee amount to do so. But when a rank-and-file employee in a small company was posed with the same problem, did not get into complications of X-rays, etc but instead came out with another solution. He bought a strong industrial electric fan and pointed it at the assembly line. He switched the fan on, and as each soap box passed the fan, it simply blew the empty boxes out of the line. Moral of the story: KISS (Keep It Simple, Stupid) i.e.alwayslook for simple solutions. Devise the simplest possible solution that solves the problem :-)

 3G CDMA 2000 expands in India Reliance Infocomm and Tata Teleservices are the driving factors of telecom growth in India especially in CDMA network implementations. The anti-outsourcing brigade in US should see to this how Indian Companies are helping Qualcomm, Cisco, Lucent, Nortel, Ericsson, Alcatel and thousands of others not only as a consultant or contractors but also as a customer. Lets us all know what TRADE means. India is not just a cheap labour port it is also a R&D Hub and no longer it is follower of technologies it has become one of the early implementers too. urlLink 3gNewsRoom : Lucent Technologies announced it has been awarded a contract worth nearly $30 million to support the CDMA network expansion of Tata Teleservices in the state of Andhra Pradesh. Lucent will provide equipment, software and services to increase the coverage and capacity of Tata's network in this market. Under the agreement, Lucent will supply Tata Teleservices with Lucent Flexent base stations that support 3G CDMA2000 1X service as well as upgrades for its mobile switching centers. The deployment will increase voice capacity on the network and enable Tata Teleservices to deliver a variety of value-added mobile high-speed data services such as video streaming and high- speed Internet access to more customers. Related Links : * urlLink Success and Future Opportunities for CDMA2000 Examined at 2004 * urlLink Lucent bags $30m Tata Tele deal * urlLink India To BREW Mobile Apps

 High Skilled Job Outsourcing Fumes Steve Lohr (New York Times) urlLink writes : [Higher-skilled jobs not safe from outsourcing] Although definitions vary, software architects are highly skilled workers who often earn six-figure salaries in the United States. The Microsoft contracts with Infosys and Satyam show that the work of software architects, senior software developers and software developers was being done by employees of the Indian companies working at U.S. Microsoft facilities. A spokeswoman for Infosys said the company does not comment on its contracts. A Satyam spokesman could not be reached. Critics of the outsourcing trend regard such agreements with Indian contractors, with work done both in the United States and in India, as a step toward shifting more and more skilled technology jobs overseas. Related Links : * urlLink Microsoft outsourcing high-end jobs, union says * urlLink High-End Technology Work Not Immune to Outsourcing

 MSN's Plan for Asia urlLink Palakunnathu G. Mathai interviews Sharon Baylay , regional general manager for urlLink MSN &rsquo;s (Microsoft&rsquo;s internet division) recently formed intercontinental, Asia and Nordics (ICAN) territory. She manages everything from Russia to Australia, Portugal, Greece, Turkey, Israel, the Middle East, south America, the Asia Pacific region and Canada. She has been with MSN for the last four years and with Microsoft for 12 years. She spoke to Business Standard in Mumbai on the internet&rsquo;s growth, of how internet companies can make money, among other things. Is MSN making money in India? What is your turnover? (Laughs) I wouldn&rsquo;t be able to divulge this &#8211; we don&rsquo;t talk about numbers on a country basis. But we&rsquo;ve done very well here in terms of revenues, we&rsquo;ve seen 100 per cent growth year on year in revenues for the last few years. In 38 countries, India is definitely holding its own on a range of matrices. The business here is growing faster than in many of those countries and the opportunity here is much greater. Related Links : * urlLink India's VSNL Sees Robust Bandwidth Demand * urlLink Nuclear spy or Internet freak

 Juniper's CEO Scott Kriens On India urlLink Juniper's CEO urlLink Scott Kriens On India in his urlLink Interview to BusinessWeek : ["There's One IT Market: The Planet" ] In India, we'll have several hundred people in Bangalore by the end of the year. Some of them are in sales, but a lot of them are in development. There's a tremendous supply of talent. China is a different story. There's good labor for cheap, but also a huge economy. It's a very big, important market for us. In Russia, engineers cost half of what they cost in India and China. But there aren't a lot of English-speaking [engineers]. There's one IT [information technology] market: the planet. It's not a sustainable model to be a regional player. Related : * urlLink Profile of Scott Kreins on Forbes.com

 The Internet Industry in India Latest facts and figures of Indian Internet Service Providers found through GIPI india. * ISP Licenses Issued - 540 Approx. * Operational ISPs - 185 Approx * Cities/Towns covered - 340 Approx. * Internet Subscribers - 3.3 million Approx. * Cyber Cafes / Public Access Kiosks - 12,000 Approx. * In-principal approval for setting up Int'l Gateways - 45 ISPs * Operational Int'l Gateways by 8 - 9 ISPs - 40 + * Total Estimated Investment made by ISPs - Rs. 6000 crores * Estimated Investment made on Eqpt. by ISPs - Rs. 2500 crores * Estimated Employment Provided (Direct/Indirect) by Internet Industry - 1.1 lac [Source : urlLink Internet Service Provider's Association of India ] What is urlLink ISPAI : The Internet Service Providers Association of India (ISPAI) was set up in 1998 with a mission to 'Promote Internet for the benefit of all'. ISPAI originally started activities in 1994, when e-mail licensees such as Sprint RPG Ltd., Global Telecom Services Ltd., Wipro Ltd., Datapro Information Technology Ltd., Crompton Greaves Ltd., Satyam Infoway Ltd., etc came together with the express purpose of initiating continuous dialogues with the Department of Telecommunications and seeking to remedy various shortcomings in the License Conditions, impress upon the Licensor to review, change and add new guidelines, and last but not the least exercise the right to obtain timely and quality infrastructure and resources to enable High Quality Services to be delivered by the licensees / operators. With the formal announcement of Internet privatization during the later part of 1997, EISPAI had taken a lead role in monitoring the privatization process. During December 1997, the first draft guidelines from Department of Telecommunications (DoT) were posted on the Internet without the provision of a Single 'All India' License. After aggressive representation by EISPAI, Category &lsquo;A&rsquo; License for all India services was introduced in the draft license. We have since then been at the forefront of bringing about changes in the Internet Policy, through regular interaction with various Government Departments, other Industry Associations and Media. ISPAI works closely with DoT, DIT, TRAI and Industry Associations such as FICCI, CII, Assocham etc. and it is our constant endeavor to take up and resolve various issues that affect implementation of the ISP's projects. ISPAI played a vital role in privatization of International Gateways within the laid down security constraints. Thus, ISPAI seeks opportunities to encourage and promote the use of Internet and IT enabled services, such as E-commerce, E-governance, Health Care and Distance Learning etc. Related Links : * urlLink Department of Telecommunications - India * urlLink Ministry of Communications & Information Technology * urlLink The Internet Service Providers Association of India (ISPAI)

 Towards Cost Effective Internet in India : GIPI's recommendations From urlLink CIOL : Global Internet Policy Initiative (GIPI ) executive director, George Sadowsky has called upon India to make Internet access affordable for the common man and improve the quality of service, if it wants to increase Internet penetration in the country. Sadowsky was speaking at a seminar on global Internet policy organized recently in Delhi. GIPI has submitted its set of suggestions to the Government of India. The suggestions include setting up of Internet Exchange to route domestic traffic within the country. "Government can promote the use of Internet by saving international bandwidth and lowering of tariff for calls made to access Internet. Wireless Internet is one thing, which has picked up in rest of the world and it should be properly encouraged in India too. All this should be done to compliment the development of local content. Tax benefits for hardware can also promote the use of IT and Internet as a whole," Sadowsky said. What is GIPI : The Global Internet Policy Initiative supports adoption of the legal and policy framework for an open and democratic Internet. The project works with local stakeholders in consultative, coalition-based efforts to promote the principles of a decentralized, accessible, user-controlled, and market-driven Internet. Related Links : * urlLink GIPI India's submissions to the TRAI consultation paper on accelerating growth of internet in India * urlLink GIPI [India] * urlLink Internet growth &#8211; key learnings from India

 Salute to Late Commando Sh. Surjan Singh Via Email : During The Attack on Akshardham temple on 24th Septmeber 2002 this Brave man fought the Greatest battle of this life.. Yes he was the N.S.G. Commando Late Mr.Surjan Singh who sacrificed his life for the Nation.Sadly On 19th May 2004 he Lost the Toughest and Longest battle against Life..Exactly after 600 Days being in Coma he lost this life. The Bullete Which hits him in the head made him Unconcious for almost 600 days.His Family members were hoping that one day their Hero will open his eyes but he didn't.It was the Longest Wait for the family members of this Brave Man.. When the whole india is busy in Guessing abt Who will be the Next PM of the Country..Will it be Sonia or will it be Manmohan singh,This man was fighting his Last battle.But it's so Sad that in the hype of all the Political Drama, the News abt his Death was Lost like a Needle in a haystack.Not even the Leading News Papers & So Called Best News Channels of india which Works on 24 X 7 basis, Failed to Highlight this story of a Brave Man. Unfortunately It was some where on the middle page of Some newspaper.....This was the Reward for the Brave task for which he lost his life.. Besides his Family members, Only one thing was there with him During those Toughtest 600 days.It was there near his bed till the last Moment.Can you Guess what is thing?............... It was the "Tiranga",Yes our National Flag which was Waving and Saluting him for his Great Cause..Absolutely No words can Suffice our Gratitude towards him.. Related Links : * urlLink Gujarat pays rich tributes to Akshardham hero * urlLink Akshardham hero passes away * urlLink Akshardham hero is no more

 Challenges faced by indian outsourcing industry From urlLink SpaceDaily : "Every year, about 70,000 jobs are added and the main challenge is how to attract people," he told delegates at a conference held by NASSCOM, India's leading information technology body, in the southern city of Bangalore. "The challenge is also how to retain the pool. It's a collective challenge. We require a holistic approach to expand the pool and train people. The question here is how to retain the manpower to deliver quality and value." Analysts say outsourcing labour attrition rates vary between 20 and 40 percent in some companies while at top firms it averages at least 15 percent. The National Association of Software and Service Companies (NASSCOM) said in a recent report the outsourcing industry was expected to face a shortage of 262,000 professionals by 2012.

 is india ready for wi-fi R.K.Choudhary writes in Wi-Fi Technology [ urlLink Wi-Fi Technology in Indian homes, is India ready!] : Wi-Fi @ Indian home has different Scenario. Unwiring Indian home doesn&rsquo;t look so simple in compare to Western countries. There are some definite issues considered as far as the Indian home is concerned, like Broadband availability, Low PC penetration, Security, Perceived cost, Low education levels and Vendor indifference. Another major hurdle seems to be civil construction of the Indian home. The average Indian house is made of concrete and in most cases is restricted to one story in comparison to western countries, which are made of wood and stretches up to at least two floors. But besides the above highlighted darker sides of Wi-Fi @ Indian home, we should not ignore the fact that India is the second most populous country in the world. India is shining, and its middle class is becoming more and more IT savvy. Whereas the Wi-Fi market worldwide is growing at an exponential rate, this rate would not be applicable in the Indian Wi-Fi market. However, after all, there should soon be a notable increase in its Wi-Fi market due to its size. Related Links : * urlLink Star India launches wireless division

 India Shining is currently under re-construction Andy Mukherjee, columnist for Bloomberg News urlLink writes about the "India Shining" campaign which is currently under re-construction ;-). He points out that there is no shortage of Slogans in India be it BJP or Congress and disucsses the real issues which nobody seems to be bothered about. The high-decibel ``India Shining'' publicity blitzkrieg has come to a quiet, unceremonious end. Type www.indiashining.com in your browser's address box now, and the message pops up: ``This Web site is currently under reconstruction.'' Wasn't it just three months ago that the government of Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee was using the $11 million campaign to ``spread the enthusiasm'' of ``these excellent times''? One election changed everything. Now that Vajpayee has been voted out, gone with him are the Internet images of beaming villagers and happy mothers. In public consciousness, they've been supplanted by new metaphors, which tell us how the new government will bring good cheer to every citizen before its five-year term is out. Thankfully, there's no Web site, or television promos, to peddle the new dream of ``economic reforms with a human face.'' At least, not yet. The government of Manmohan Singh, the new prime minister, will pursue economic policies that will benefit the common man to ``achieve the goal of making a billion people smile,'' India's President A.P.J. Abdul Kalam told lawmakers this week. Investors must recognize that these too are slogans, and rather trite ones at that. The Congress party, back in power after eight years, has borrowed the idea of a billion smiling faces from nationalist leader Mohandas Gandhi, the Mahatma, who wanted to ``wipe every tear from every eye.''

 3 G "BREW"s up in India urlLink N. Suresh in CIOL.com urlLink Reports : The 4th BREW developer conference at San Diego witnessed the launch of new age applications from Tata Teleservices using Qualcomm technology. " It is yet another milestone," announced Qualcomm CEO Paul Jacobs, launching the 4th BREW developer conference. BREW is Qualcomm&rsquo;s software platform which allows a host of new functionalities to be built into mobile handsets using its patented CDMA (code division multiple access technologies). Tata&rsquo;s launch heralds the arrival of 3G (third generation) telecom services and India became the 21st country to offer such high-end services using the CDMA platform. The BREW-based services will enable mobile customers to use the BREW phone to wirelessly download games, ring tones, communication, e-mail and business-focused application, virtually anytime, or anywhere. "Our customers demand cost-efficient, high-speed wireless Internet experience and the advanced voice and data services enabled by the BREW solution all us to easily exceed these expectations," said Amit Bose, president of telecom, Tata Teleservices, in a press release issued by Qualcomm. Related : * urlLink Qualcomm's Brew answers doubters * urlLink BREW 2004 Keynote: new standard touted * urlLink QUALCOMM BREW Home * urlLink BREW 2004

 Cybercops to monitor the chat rooms From urlLink Gaurdian : British "cybercops" are to join other law enforcers around the world which are patrolling internet chatrooms to try to protect children from paedophiles. Assistant chief constable Jim Gamble, of the national crime squad, said the move was one of several measures to clamp down on adults using computers to view child pornography and "groom" children in order to abuse them. The Virtual Global Taskforce, which includes the NCS, the FBI, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, the Australian Federal Police, and Interpol, will nominate officers to monitor the net round the clock. Thi

 Apple's Airport ExPress Apple introduces yet another sexy thing : A 54 Mbps Wi-Fi Device - urlLink Airport Express : Featuring AirTunes for playing your iTunes music wirelessly on your home stereo or powered speakers, AirPort Express brings not only the Internet but your music to wherever in your home you like to enjoy them most &#8212; whether you use a Mac or Windows PC. Unmatched in its ease of use, it delivers data rates up to 54 megabits per second, fits in the palm of your hand so you can take it wherever you go &#8212; and it costs just $129. * Driving the Wi-Fi Revolution In 1999, Apple sparked the wireless revolution with the introduction of AirPort, the first affordable and easy-to-use solution for accessing the Internet without restrictive cables. In 2003, AirPort Extreme took your unwired connection to the next level by harnessing the superfast 802.11g wireless standard for data rates nearly five times those of the 802.11b standard that the original AirPort used and many current wireless networking devices still use. With AirPort Express, Apple continues to advance wireless, delivering the first device to pack wireless networking, audio, printing and bridging capabilities into a single affordable, portable unit. Related Links : * urlLink Airport Express Weblog * urlLink Why Apple's Airport Express May Unofficially Extend Non-Airport Networks * urlLink In Depth Preview: Apple AirPort Express with Air Tunes * urlLink AirPort Express Pumps Music over Wireless Nets

 Outsourcing is not a threat urlLink Raghuram G Rajan , economic counsellor and director of the urlLink IMF Research Department and urlLink Shang-Jin Wei , head of the research department's Trade Unit write in Business Times Asia [ urlLink The non-threat that is outsourcing ] : According to the article every decade or so, developed countries develop a crisis of confidence that also along the lines of Election Years. For example in 1980s, it was fear of Japan and now it is fear of India during the election times. First, consider the amount of 'insourcing', that is, the value of business services exported by a country like the US. Clearly, this is considerable - think of all the high-priced business consultants and lawyers in rich countries offering their services to the rest of the world. What is noteworthy, however, is that in each of the past 10 years, the value of US insourcing has been greater than that of US outsourcing! This is true even though the US has been running a trade deficit and an overall current account deficit. Most other rich economies also run a surplus in these service categories. None of this should be surprising as the rich countries tend to do high-value-added service activities relatively better than the rest of the world. In fact, the US has the largest dollar surplus of insourcing over outsourcing in computer, information, and business services (at US$21 billion in 2001). The second-largest surplus country, by the way, is not India, but the UK. Put another way, if every country decided to put up barriers against outsourcing, the output of developed countries would fall far more than that of developing countries. Related Links : * urlLink RIL Sees Global Outsourcing Fuelling Domestic Demand * urlLink IMF official paints rosy picture of global economy * urlLink A master health check-up of financial system

 IBM introduces masala From urlLink NewsFactor IBM has unveiled Masala, a new database technology that boosts productivity by integrating corporate data from a wide array of sources. The system uses automated features and search technology to allow users to access and manage data from e-mails, spreadsheets, text files, voicemail and other sources using a single tool. urlLink MASALA Q&A FROM IBM * What is Project Masala? Project Masala is the next wave of IBM information integration capabilities being developed to help clients grapple with the issue of getting the most value out of their existing information assets. * What are we announcing? Search is a fundamental capability within a company&rsquo;s information management infrastructure. Masala provides advanced search capabilities to be released this year in DB2 Information Integrator. * How does Masala search compare to internet search services? Internet search services are concentrated on the needs of the consumer Internet market; whereas IBM is focused on the unique pain points of enterprise users who need to quickly find relevant corporate content. * What is the business problem we are trying to solve? Businesses lose money when relevant business information is unavailable to employees. IBM is targeting the core issue of finding the right information, to the right people without the IT complexity of existing solutions. * How does Masala search relate to other search initiatives within IBM ? WebSphere Portal provides basic search capabilities for Portal content. Masala adds broader content access, scaling to support larger implementations (500K+ documents), and is enabled for rich text analysis. DB2 Content Manager Masala search provides native functionality to search both rich text documents and metadata for files stored in DB2 Content Manager along with other enterprise content. DB2 Net Search Extender provides high-speed, scalable, integrated full-text search capabilities to DB2 Universal Database. Masala provides search for text documents stored in DB2 Universal Database and other enterprise data sources. * How is Masala search related to WebFountain? Masala and WebFountain share technologies but serve different needs. WebFountain is a hosted solution focused on advanced analytics for the internet, while Masala provides search and analytics capabilities for enterprise content. Related Links : * urlLink Search, Integration in the 'Masala' Mix For IBM * urlLink IBM VP: 'Stinger,' 'Masala' Will Make Most of Data Flood

 Indian biotech gets tax concession From urlLink Sify : The Government is considering to provide tax concessions to Biotechnology at par with Information Technology to promote Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) in this emerging field of science. Science and Technology Minister Kapil Sibal told UNI in an interview, that the government is planning to put in maximum resources to promote research in the field of biotechnology. | Related Links : * urlLink Biotech Bandwagon * urlLink Regulating biotech * urlLink Woman fights biotech firms in India's farming * urlLink Biotech India 2003 * urlLink AIBA - All India Biotech Asociation

 ISRO gets a 10mn EU Contract From urlLink SpaceDaily : India's space agency has won a 10-million-dollar contract to launch its first satellite for the European Union, the space chief said Saturday. Madhavan Nair, head of the Indian Space Research Organisation, said the two sides signed an agreement to send a European satellite into orbit from the Indian-built Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle by the end of next year. Related Links : urlLink Indian Space Research Organisation urlLink ISRO to launch Edusat in August urlLink US firms to market Isro images urlLink Global agencies bid to ride on ISRO's Moon mission

 The Dirty little secrets of IT outsourcing By Nick Eian Nick Eian , the CEO of urlLink Endurant Business Solutions , a consulting company that helps businesses, executives and entrepreneurs with organizational and technology challenges writes in Startribune [ urlLink Dirty little secret of IT outsourcing ] : While U.S. companies believe they're outsourcing to save money by employing workers with lower hourly rates in other countries, they're really fooling themselves. Project costs will begin to soar when they try to fix the predictable problems that occur with developers abroad (some are calling this "onshoring"). All the global outsourcing accomplished was to delay the inevitable reconciling of bad management practices, which can range from obsolete work processes to poorly defined goals. In some cases, U.S. companies think outsourcing means they can radically speed up the development process. They throw more lower-paid offshore developers at a problem in an effort to get the project finished faster. That's sort of like thinking that nine pregnant women can get together and produce a single baby in one month. Obviously "more" doesn't mean "faster" when there are well-defined developmental steps that must be followed to produce a healthy result. Outsourcing should be the result of a strategic business decision, after careful analysis proves that it's the only way to cut costs or access crucial raw materials. Instead, the decision to outsource frequently is made by frustrated corporate executives who are looking for easy solutions to tough problems.

 IT Engineers Daily Routine Via Email : 8:30AM: wake up 8:45AM: Tough decision ; To bath or not. 8:50AM: Have To. 10:30AM: Punch in. 10:35AM: Check Mail. 10:37AM: Check Again just in case... 11:00AM: Since It is already 11:00 wait for tea(11:15AM). 11:15AM: TEA party. 11:20AM: Check Mail. 11:25AM: Check again. can't Believe that no mail has come. Is every body dead or what ? 11:30AM: Sudden feeling of loneliness and desperation turn around to look for some body (Any body) to talk to. 11:40AM: Found a guy testing something. Feel real pity for his pathetic, boring and useless existence. 11:50AM: Sudden urge to get some work done and fast. Start looking for the file.(Can't remember it's name) 11:55AM: Boss summons in his office. Bad sign. 12:10PM: How the hell ! am I suppose to remember everything. Why should I be responsible for everything that goes bad. 12:15PM: Try to locate a scapegoat. No body around. 12:20PM: Mood is really bad decide to postpone work till after lunch. 12:30PM: lunch 1:00PM: Lunch over. 1:10PM: Go for a smoke. Can't even smoke in this god forsaken place. 1:35PM: Back from a smoke. It was good. I even did not paid for the cig. the other chap is so foolish. 1:50PM: Mood is good. Decide to go to cool web sites. Real sleazy thoughts. 2:30PM: Feeling real sleepy after such a mammoth mental effort. 2:45PM: Tea Time. 3:00PM: Chat and discuss with colleague on the bad state of the company. Blame everybody for incompetence and laziness. 4:00PM: A guy from testing comes for help.(Jerk) 4:11PM: Try to look busy. 4:12PM: He is asking for a techn! ical help.(Real jerk). 4:15PM: After really making him beg for help decide to take a look. 4:50PM: No solution found. really angry on the guy for getting myself involved. 4:55PM: Suddenly boss is spotted in the neighbouring area. Try make as much loud noise as possible with some obscure technical jargon thrown in. 5:00PM: Boss has gone back to his den. Coast is clear. 5:05PM: Blame the problem on RnD. 5:10PM: Check mail. "Yes" a mail has finally arrived. 5:13PM: It's a silly joke and old too. But it felt good. 5:14PM: a quick dash for gate. 5:15PM: Third in punching out. 5:25PM: Reached Room. 5:26PM: TV on. No worth while program. 8:30PM: Still no worth while program. Every body is getting lazy and irresponsible what will happen to this world GOD help us. Curse government and RnD. 8:45PM: Food arrives. Pretty bad and stinking. 8:48PM: Dinner finished. 8:50PM: Bay watch. At last some quality. 11:30PM: Mtv Grind. Hmm things are looking up. 12:45AM: Today there were really good programs. 1:46AM: Decide to sleep. Tough day ahead.

 The Benefits of Anti-outsourcing sentiments Bhupesh Bhandari & Bipin Chandran urlLink report in Business Standard that Indian BPO`s have received free advertising worth about $89mn because of anti-outsourcing campaign. A report under preparation by New York-based market research firm Evalueserve, BPO to KPO &#8212;Business Process Outsourcing to Knowledge Process Outsourcing, has estimated that the Indian BPO companies have received free advertising worth about $89 million because of the anti-outsourcing campaign. The report is likely to be released in July. Confirming the trend, more than one BPO company told Business Standard that there is a longer queue of American companies in front of their offices than ever before wanting to outsource work to India. According to Exlservice, Inc president & CFO Rohit Kapoor, the company has had 15-20 per cent more visitors in the last quarter as compared to the same period a year ago. &#8220;This will translate into more business for 2005 and 2006,&#8221; he said.

 Multiply Integrates Group Publishing Tools With Social Networking Via urlLink PRNewsWire : Multiply (http://multiply.com) has integrated group publishing tools with its proprietary messaging application powered by social networks. The site now allows any group or organization to maintain an on-line presence for sharing information and staying in better touch with its members. A group can instantly create its own web page where members are automatically alerted every time something new is published. Some or all of the information published by a group can also be made available to non-members, allowing the group to use Multiply as its public web site. "Multiply's groups combine Yahoo Groups-type functionality with group features typical of social networking sites such as Google's Orkut," says Michael Gersh, Multiply's co-founder. "While other social networking sites use groups primarily as a means to link people together, Multiply provides groups with a destination to share photo albums, a calendar and a blog, with messaging tools that truly maximize the benefits of social networking." About urlLink Multiply : Multiply is a new kind of communication tool that opens up a unique and exciting way to keep in touch with the people you know, and find information through friends of friends. Imagine if each of your friends, family members and co-workers had their own web page and regularly posted what's new in their lives - including their latest photos, stories, opinions on movies and restaurants, events, travel itinerary and more. Now imagine if you were alerted every time someone you knew posted something - so you could constantly see and discuss what's new in your friends' lives. Sounds like a pretty easy and fun way to stay in touch with your friends and family, right? Now imagine if you could send a message that reaches all of your friends, family, co-workers - and all of their friends too. Anytime you needed a recommendation, advice or information, chances are you know someone who knows someone... who has the information you're looking for. And now you can find that person with one click of the mouse! Now stop imagining because this simple new way to keep in touch, and fast new way to find information are exactly what Multiply is about.

 What ? Microsoft Patents Double Clicks ??? Microsoft gains double-clicking patent and wanna play the GOD. I think patents should have some social clause attached to it. If man is a social animal then patents must have some boundaries and social consideration and its social impact.Double click is simply an extension to the idea of mouse which was invented XEROX Palo Alto Laboratary and first incorporate by Apple. Microsoft may not excercise its patent right very strictly but nobody can stop legally if they want to. Patenting is good for business in one way and thats why it exists but it should have jury based application which would think wholesome and would also consider the effect of the patent and its impact on society . Just imagine if there was a patent on "Wheel"?. Microsoft has successfully patented using short, long or double clicks to launch different applications on "limited resource computing devices" - presumably PDAs and mobile phones. The US patent was granted on 27 April. Now any US company using a variety of clicks to launch different software functions from the same button will have to change their product, pay licensing fees to Microsoft or give Microsoft access to its intellectual property in return. British company Symbian, which makes operating systems for mobile phones that employ double clicks and has offices in the US could be affected, as could PalmOne in California, which supplies PDA software. Several activists who oppose software patents say that Microsoft's patent is not a "sensible use" of the patenting system because the idea of the long, short and double clicks is neither novel or non-obvious. Both the US and the UK use these criteria to decide whether or not to grant patents. "It is almost beyond parody that Microsoft has been able to do this," says Ian Brown of the Foundation for Information Policy Research in London, UK. Related Links : * urlLink The History of Software Patents * urlLink Petition for a Software Patent Free Europe * urlLink Software Patents * urlLink Petition Against Software Patents [US] * urlLink Software patent [Wikipedia] * urlLink EC votes for software patents, re-opens can of worms * urlLink Software patents: 'A really bad idea' * urlLink An open-source call to arms

 Toxis Dust On Computer and its Effect on Health Sci Tech News urlLink Reports : Toxic dust found on computer processors and monitors contains chemicals linked to reproductive and neurological disorders, according to a new study by several environmental groups. The survey, released by Silicon Valley Toxics Coalition, Computer TakeBack Campaign and Clean Production Action, is among the first to identify brominated flame retardants on the surfaces of common devices in homes and offices. Electronics companies began using polybrominated diphenyl (PBDEs) and other flame retardants in the 1970s, arguing that the toxins prevent fires and cannot escape from plastic casings. The study found that tiny particles of the toxic chemicals are leaching out, escaping into the air and attaching to ordinary dust on the computer equipment. From Computer TakeBack Campaign : Discarded personal computers and consumer electronics &#8211; so-called &#8220;e-waste&#8221; &#8211; compose one of the fastest growing and highly toxic waste streams in the industrialized world. There will soon be an estimated 300 million to 600 million obsolete computers in the U.S., with fewer than 10% recycled. Containing lead, mercury, cadmium, and dioxin-like flame retardants, obsolete computers pose a serious threat to human health and the environment when improperly disposed or recycled. Taxpayers and local governments bear the cost and burden of managing these wastes. The Computer TakeBack Campaign was formed in response to this growing crisis, promoting brand owner and producer responsibility for e-waste. ATDSR TOX FAQ : Polybrominated biphenyls (PBBs) and polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) are manmade chemicals found in plastics used in a variety of consumer products to make them difficult to burn. Some people who ate food contaminated with PBBs in the 1970s had skin problems. Almost nothing is known about health effects of PBDEs in people. PBBs have been found in at least 9 of the 1,613 National Priorities List sites identified by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). PBDEs have not been identified in any of the 1,613 sites. Related Links : * urlLink Silicon Valley Toxics Coalition * urlLink Computer TakeBack Campaign and Clean Production Action * urlLink polybrominated diphenyl

 The Vanishing IT Department & The Outsourcing Effect Art Jahnke writes in C: urlLink Is Outsourcing Stealing Our Spirit? In the June 1 issue of CIO magazine, columnist Jerry Gregoire argues [ urlLink The Vanishing IT Department ] that outsourcing is not the biggest threat to modern IT departments. At least, it&rsquo;s not the biggest direct threat. Gregoire, a former CIO of PepsiCo and Dell, says the thing that&rsquo;s really killing IT these days is energy&#8212;a lack of energy to chase down new talent, to bring it in-house and get it juiced about being part of a kick-ass IT team. Related Links : * urlLink The IT Directors view of outsourcing * urlLink Study: India's outsourcing industry continues to boom * urlLink HP stepping up outsourcing in India, sources say * urlLink Dell's outsourcing 'time bomb' * urlLink Microsoft and HP step up Indian outsourcing * urlLink US coming to terms with outsourcing

 The New Indian Railway Budget : By Mr. Laloo ji Prasad Ji Yadav Ji Via Email : 01. Re-introduce steam locos - to boost coal industry in bihar. 02. Dismantle the reservation system, all seats will be open to janata, no more reservations by upper cast and rich people. 03. A/c coaches will be abolished, a/c s will be auctioned in chhapra. 04. Shatabdi expresses to be renamed as RabriDevi express. 05. 10 new trains to be introduced from different parts of bihar to patna. 06. All double lines to be reduced to single track to cut costs - the rails, sleepers etc to be auctioned in muzaffarpore. 07. Samjhota express will run from patna to peshwar, however it will be converted to a goods train to carry fodder. 08. New maha bhoj - litti and sattu - to be served in all luxury trains - palace on wheels, deccan odyssey etc. 09. Re-zoning of railways: north bihar, south bihar, north eastern bihar, central bihar, east bihar, south bihar, res! T of india - these will be new zones. 10. Next of kin of all people who die in train accidents will be given a job in railways, no more rail board exam or wastage of public money. 11. Any driver who dies in a train accident will not be allowed to drive any more for public safety. 12. Every village in india will have a railway station by 2007 - constructions to start soon. 13. Free tickets for farmers. 14. De-electrification of major lines to save power. Local trains in mumbai kolkata chennai and delhi to run on steam too. 15. Special "gaai-bhains" express for transporting domestic animals, who have been neglected by the fundamentalist govt. 16. There will be no ticket checkers in train, that shows the new govt trusts the people. Thank you / Lalloo Par sad Yadav

 Open Source Inside The Intel BIOS Enterprise-it.linux.com urlLink reports : Intel is moving to replace the antique BIOS code currently used to boot up computers with an open-source alternative. BIOS lets computer hardware communicate with operating systems and other software applications, but using the 20-year-old technology today is "barbaric," says Meta Group analyst Steve Kleynhans It's now open source inside.

 10 Hottest Technologies : Telecom Magazine urlLink 10 Hottest Technologies for 2004 according to the Telecom Magazine : * PacketCable Multimedia * Service Interworking * Carrier-Class Network Security * Line-Powered DSLAMs * Wi-Fi/Cellular Roaming * Meshed Wireless Networking * Hosted VoIP * Active Ethernet * Back Office Automation * Resilient Packet Ring

 Protecting Kids From The Internet The internet chat crimes especially concerned with the exploitation of minors are on the rise. Parents really need to vigil, internet is not like TV which can be kept "Always ON" without any monitoring. Even too much of TV is not good for mind and body both. Parents cannot just shrugg off their responsibility by blaming the media and the internet, personal sensorship is the best method to protect you and your family. And the most important step towards this is to become "aware" of what is happening with your TV and Computer and how it is being used. Here are some links and references to get you started : * urlLink A Parent's Guide to Internet Safety [FBI] * urlLink Chat Safe [Thames Valley Police] * urlLink Protecting children from harmful material on the Internet * urlLink Kids and Chat Safety * urlLink Wired Patrol * urlLink ProtectYourKids.info * urlLink SafeKids.com

 Emergent Social Networking with LOAF urlLink John Sequeira urlLink writes about urlLink Loaf : LOAF is a simple extension to email that lets you append your entire address book to outgoing mail message without compromising your privacy. Correspondents can use this information to prioritize their mail, and learn more about their social networks. The LOAF home page is at http://loaf.cantbedone.org. Why do I like LOAF? It's emergent: You don't need to maintain explicit links to people in your network, it's mined from your address book The user owns the data. No need to assign ownership of your friends to an aggregating monetizing marketing web site. It answers a question that will become more and more vital as details of our life are increasingly digitized: how do you share these details without losing your privacy? It's not clear to me how many data types the Bloom Filters could be extended to, but as a proof-of-concept I think it's great.

 Silicon.com's Special Report On Offshoring Silcon.com's presents a special report on urlLink Offshoring covered by Andy McCue, who travelled across India in April investigating offshoring efforts in Mumbai, Bangalore, Hyderabad and New Delhi. Read urlLink his diary for a first-hand account of what he encountered. * Inside offshoring: Managing the risks : From false CVs to nuclear war... * India diary: Day four - First impressions of Bangalore : sample the local nightlife and end up in a Wild West-theme pub * India diary: Day three - Meetings in Mumbai :The social impacts of offshoring and a visit to a telecoms BPO specialist * India diary: Day two - Getting settled in Mumbai : Technical troubles crop up and I'm scouted to model for an advert * India diary: Day one &#8211; London to Mumbai :After a long flight, I manage to avoid the taxi scams * Inside offshoring: Job losses and the backlash :A real threat or just tabloid hysteria?

 How Intel Is Spreading Out In India ? Intel is funding futuristic research , trhough the Tenet group at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Chennai, which plans to deliver low cost connectivity and internet access to India&rsquo;s rural masses. Intel is funding the Tenet group&rsquo;s research in the digitisation of radio. Intel is in India from late 1990s but in the last 3 years it has show a great interest in Indian operations and trying every bit to enter into symbiotic relationship with India. Companies like HP & Texas instrument also taking lots of effort to build a mutually beneficial eco-system between them and India but Intel with the size and depth of it's initatives is surely taking the lead. There was also a speculation recently that Intel is planning to set up a $45 million chip manufacturing unit in Chennai, but it was urlLink denied by Intel. A prime example of funding futuristic research at an academic institution is the Tenet group at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Chennai, which is well on the way to delivering low cost connectivity and internet access to India&rsquo;s rural masses. Intel is funding the Tenet group&rsquo;s research in the digitisation of radio. A fundamental shift is taking place in how radios are built. In the last four or five years, instead of using capacitors, resistors and inductors and building an analog radio, researchers are seeking to acquire the signal and immediately turn it into a digital signal and do everything in the digital domain through digital signal processing. That makes possible much smaller radios, which can be applied to many uses beyond the conventional. IIT, Mumbai, in addition to having a VLSI design lab, is working on silicon emulation. Integrated chips, which are becoming more and more complicated, are all built as one piece of standard silicon. urlLink Full Story [Business Standard]

 Broadband & Internet Plans for India The Communications and urlLink Information Technology Minister, Mr Dayanidhi Maran urlLink plans to take steps to increase broadband and internet connectivity in India at affordable prices. According to urlLink TRAI estimatation India can achieve 20 million broadband and 40 million internet subscribers by 2010 which would increase in penetration level of 1.7 per cent and 3.4 per cent respectively. At present, India has 0.4 internet connections and 0.02 broadband connections per 100 persons, with its current level 50 per cent higher than what it was just six months ago. Korea has achieved its success story in less than five years, going from less than one broadband subscriber per 100 persons in 1999 to the levels it has reached today. By 2002, nearly 30 per cent of their GDP was transacted on broadband. The lessons that India learns from these examples can be applied to India&rsquo;s current situation to realise the same explosive success. Related Links : * urlLink MTNL, BSNL will not be privatised: Dayanidhi Maran * urlLink CUSTOMERS PERCEPTION REGARDING QUALITY OF SERVICE OF INTERNET SERVICES (In India, Survey Report by Trai)

 India's Dominance in Outsourcing E.C. Thomas urlLink writes about - India's Dominance in the outsourcing industry. He also writes about the outsourcing competition and controversy surrounding it. The extract covers the growth of outsourcing in India: The BPO sector in India has been growing at almost 60 to 70 per cent per annum. According to NASSCOM, the projected revenue of the BPO industry in India is expected to touch US $ 12 billion in 2006. This is a nearly four-fold growth from the 2003-04 revenue estimates of around US $ 3.6 billion. The number of jobs increased from 140,000 at the end of March 2003 to a projected 245,000 in March 2004, according to Nasscom&rsquo;s &lsquo;Strategic Review 2004&rsquo;. This could rise almost five times in the next five years. Each day nearly 200 people join the Indian ITES &#8211; BPO industry. BPO is a specialized form of international trade in services, based on the doctrine of comparative advantage in international trade. Today, companies outsource to destinations like India because they see value in their investments in terms of quality service and financial spending. By outsourcing to quality and lower cost operations, these companies are able to lower overhead costs, compress time-to-completion with efficient time difference management and focus on core competencies. There are many clear instances of such advantages to companies over a short time-frame. Likewise, banks and financial institutions will not send their data to these countries, unless they are sure of the credentials. As pointed out in the McKinsey Institute study, the US economy benefits in outsourcing in more ways than one. One estimate says that the General Electric (GE) which employs 18,000 workers in India, saves $ 350 million per year through outsourcing. In all, $ 8 billion has been saved in the USA through outsourcing. A NASSCOM report estimated 60 per cent savings in costs for companies outsourcing to India. There exist 185 Fortune 500 companies which outsource work to India. Information Technology Enabled Services (ITES) provides opportunities for MNCs to reap the surplus in the service sector that did not exist earlier. The companies engaged in production of value-added services, from medical transcriptions to software programming, require skilled labour which countries like India have in abundance. In fact, Indian call centres have a higher productivity as compared to those in the USA or UK. According to NASSCOM, an Indian call centre agent makes on an average 98 correct transactions, as compared to 95 by an agent in the UK. Besides, the Indian makes 120 transactions an hour, while his British counterpart makes only 100. However, efficiency does not always mean higher pay. A worker&rsquo;s basic salary in the USA is $ 63,000 per annum, while it is $ 5,850 in India and $ 4,750 in China for the same job. Related Links : * urlLink Wipro named among top 10 outsourcing vendors in US * urlLink BPO industry revenues to touch $12.2 billion by 2006

 Mahesh Murthy about Comfortability & Entrepreurship Mahesh Murthy sites the Example of Google for Would Be Entrepreneurs in urlLink Business World India . The original Google IPO Document can be locate urlLink here : Wall Street is sweating. Google has forsaken the traditional way of raising money - of going to investment bankers who would underprice the shares and sell it to favoured customers who would make a huge amount of money when trading opened. Google chose the Net and the Dutch auction process that gives the smallest investor the same right as the biggest ones. When one firm, Goldman Sachs, tried to schmooze its way to get the Google IPO mandate, it was summarily fired. This is a company that clearly says I'm not part of your system. And a company with the size and track record to actually change that system. Thousands of entrepreneurs should watch this IPO closely. If it takes off - I truly hope it will - it can drive a stake through the heart of the 'old, big bank' way of doing things. It could not just make capital markets freer, more transparent, but also shine a light for other company founders to stand up, say what they believe in, and reject the path of PR gobbledygook. I see entrepreneurs coming to me, in suits and ties they're not comfortable in, showing slides full of nonsense jargon. I asked one why he was dressed so. "Sir, all magazines show businessmen dressed this way." Here's hoping that the pretence and sham of 'formality' won't stop you in what you want to do. If you're starting a business, you need to win the trust of people around you. If you dress and speak like someone you're not, they can see through you. If you prefer being in kurtas and speaking in Bhojpuri, do so. If you're a clown at heart, it's far better to be one, than become another statistic in this world full of clones.

 The (Un) Common Minimum Program The Common Minimum Programme (CMP) of the ruling coalition is being trumpeted as &lsquo;reform with a human face&rsquo; but looks suspiciously like urlLink &lsquo;populism with a bankrupt face The another impact will be on FDIs and there is a sure reason to believe that India will see urlLink muted flows this year. One big negative for capital is the government's decision not to disinvest public sector units (PSUs). Disinvestment was one of the main triggers for attracting foreign inflows last year. Out of the FII flows that came into India in the past 15 months, over 40 per cent have gone into PSUs. These flows have caused PSUs to re-rate over 100 per cent in the past one year. Experts point that if there is disinvestment of large companies through the market route, foreign funds will be attracted. SWAMINATHAN S ANKLESARIA AIYAR writes in Econmoic Times that The CMP claims it will reduce the revenue deficit to zero by &lsquo;09. But it has no credible programme to raise enough revenue to meet even the current deficit, let alone one greatly expanded by explosive spending on education, health and employment. The Full Story can be found in ' urlLink Public debt at 85% of GDP in '04' In another article on Economic Times he points out that urlLink CMP will lead to nation's bankruptcy If seriously implemented, the CMP could swell the fiscal deficit from 10% of GDP to an astronomical 16-17% of GDP. Even one step in that direction will cause FIIs and domestic investors to flee, producing a stock market crash that makes the Harshad Mehta and Ketan Parekh debacles look like a picnic. Any JPC enquiry will easily identify the culprits behind such a crash: Manmohan Singh, Sitaram Yechury, and others who drafted the CMP. The urlLink highlights of the common minimum programme can be found at Sify.com Once again we are seeing a "Garibi Hatao" program from the Garib Banao Congress. There stupid policies and rules of license raaj has created the great divide in indian society and economy which they want to recreate through populist measures again. If there is no disinvestment then how the government is going to raise mony for healthcare and education. They will not sell any profit making PSU, who the hell then would like to buy loss making ones. The job of the goverment is to provide education, defense, healthcare and other important services and to watch and control all others sectors, goverments by definiition of democracy is for/by/of people and it should stay away from "owning" everything under the sun. Goverments job is not to - generate employment, its job is to - provide employment i.e fine tuning the economy to make it more healthy and vibrant. But the Indian Government has always shown the tendency to own , by ownership, the claws of corruption gets deep rooted. The free and conducive business environment lessens the ownership of Government and thus decreases the chance of corruption , which no Indian poltician would want. Lets hope for the best.

 A Lesson From Google Can you believe this ? Sergey Brin and Larry Page , founder of Google.com were never interested in floating the company of their own. They actually wanted to sell Google to Yahoo! for a million or so. But Yahoo1 didn't want to take it at that price so as a last resort they went to start Google and now Yahoo! says OOuuuch!. Read this interesting article by Melanie Warner on Business 2.0 - urlLink What Your Company Can Learn From Google Related Links : * urlLink A Deeper Look into Google * urlLink TRADE PUBLISHERS WARNED OF GOOGLE'S IMPACT ON MAGAZINES * urlLink Google's Gmail hits legal barrier * urlLink Baidu.com beats Google.com to rank fourth in terms of web traffic

 The 3G GSM & CDMA in India Reliance Indiamobile has heated the 'VAS on mobile' market with its urlLink Rconnect services which provides 144kbps Internet Access on its CDMA Mobiles. The Indian telecom operators are testing similar services and finding out the best suitable options through EDGE (GSM) or EV DO (CDMA) Business Line India urlLink Reports : CELLULAR subscribers can now get Live TV, watch videos and experience high speed Internet surfing on their mobile handsets with Idea Cellular and Hutch, on Wednesday, announcing the launch of EDGE (Enhanced Data for GSM Evolution) services. The service which has been launched for the first time in the country is capable of data downloads with speeds of 160 kilo bits per second compared to existing speeds of 40 kbps. urlLink Airtel is also planning a pan India roll-out by December. While subscribers of urlLink Idea Cellular can avail the service for a flat fee of Rs 500 per month, urlLink Hutch users can avail the service for a monthly fee of Rs 100 plus additional charges for downloads. For example, every game downloaded would cost Rs 50 and a ringtone download Rs 10. Idea Cellular subscribers also have the option of paying 5 paise per kilobyte. Subscribers will need EDGE-enabled handsets also to avail the service. urlLink What is EDGE ? (GSMWorld.com) Further enhancements in data capability over the core GSM network will be provided with the introduction of Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution - known as EDGE*. This will achieve the delivery of advanced mobile services such as the downloading of video and music clips, full multimedia messaging, high-speed colour Internet access and e-mail on the move. EDGE (or Enhanced Data Rates for Global Evolution) is a 3G technology that delivers broadband-like data speeds to mobile devices. It allows consumers to connect to the Internet and send and receive data, including digital images, web pages and photographs, three times faster than possible with an ordinary GSM/GPRS network. EDGE enables GSM operators to offer higher-speed mobile-data access, serve more mobile-data customers, and free up GSM network capacity to accommodate additional voice traffic. urlLink What is EV-DO ? (Motorola) 1xEV-DO provides a true broadband service over mobile. With Peak Data Rate of 2.4 Mbps and Average Data Rate similar to wire-line broadband technologies, 1XEV-DO not only brings a superior end-user experience in wireless access to the Internet, but also enables a series of new applications and services

 Axesstel to provide solutions to tata indicom urlLink BusinessWires PR : urlLink Axesstel , Inc. (AMEX:AFT), a leader in developing, manufacturing and marketing high-quality, CDMA-based fixed wireless voice and data solutions, hybrid terminals and engineering services to operators worldwide, today announced that it began shipments in June to Tata Teleservices Limited ("Tata Teleservices"), India's leading private telecom service provider. Operating with the brand name urlLink Tata Indicom , Tata Teleservices is one of the largest fixed wireless service providers in the world and has over 1 million 3G1X fixed wireless service customers in India. It is anticipated that up to $45 million in revenue may be recorded by Axesstel related to these shipments during the third and fourth quarters of the current fiscal year.

 The one-person global company - Business World India urlLink Mahesh Murthy gives us the urlLink example of one man global company. LAST week I spent some time with a gent who runs a company in Mumbai that sells software to customers around the world. I had invested in them years ago, and for one reason or another we couldn't catch up much in the middle, except to share notes on email. Things were going well. He was not huge by global standards - about $250,000 in revenues, slated to double this year. Customers in more than 30 countries. Over 500,000 people around the world who'd tried his product. Over 5,000 of them who had paid for it and who use it. A well-known brand in its field. The business was profitable. He reckons he is world No.3 in his niche. His product was acclaimed worldwide, reviewed by PC Magazine and such. All in all, it was a pretty good record - having survived through the worst downturns in the market, and still making it. And we were talking of how he'd done it. It wasn't that he was a coding or technical genius. The gent is actually a biology grad, and to my knowledge, can't write code. But he's always known what he wanted - and has figured out some inventive ways to get things done.

 Current Headlines on MSN Newsbot Found something interesting on Slashdot posted by urlLink Gad Zuki Anti-Trust Legislation: Evil or just Wrong? Macs turn people gay. Office XP: Best Software Ever! Internet Explorer Holes Largley Fiction Bill Gates Lands on Moon Dennis Miller Funniest Man Ever An Editorial by Clippy&copy; Better Computing Through Crashes Spyware Ain't So Bad Your Computer is Old, Buy a New One with XP Now How I Caught a Cold from Viral Open Source Windows Saved my Life! Jesus Uses XP MS Wins Nobel Peace Prize Service Pack Two Will Cure Impotence Child Killed by Linux Installer

 A cell or A Wireless LAN gear ? A forbes.com urlLink report spotted on urlLink Slashdot . Avaya, Motorola and Proxim this week are expected to announce a co-developed handset and enterprise network gear that let mobile phone users roam between cellular networks and wireless LANs. The combination holds the promise of cutting phone costs for business customers and making mobile workers more productive. It is based on a new Session Initiation Protocol (SIP)-based Wi-Fi/cellular handset from Avaya and Motorola, IP-based or IP-enabled PBXs from Avaya, plus new WLAN switch and thin access points developed by Avaya and Proxim.

 MSN NEWS BOT & GOOGLE NEWS Comparison People are getting more voracious for news these days. To satisfy the online news appetitie there are several sites scuh as Google News, Yahoo News, Newstrove, Moreover News Services , Topix.net and now MSN with their urlLink News Bot . Microsoft has just urlLink launched the beta test of Newsbot, a customized search-driven news . MSN News Bot offers urlLink personalization by searching on topics, and the service suggests stories based on what visitors have previously read. But I find urlLink Google News more usefriendly and systematic, why doesn't Microsoft employ some good usability expert who can enlighten them on inetrface designing. I compared MSN and Google News by searching for India on both urlLink MSN Newsbot & urlLink Google News and found that on Newsbot results obtained were containing mostly yesterdays Criket Match headlines, whereas the google had identified them to be same and related, And arranged the other related news links below the the first result itself instead of showing different criket headlines. Right now I cannot see the advantage of a search history on MSN but I do see the advantage of finding the related stories covered by different news sources. Is history really so useful ? , 'cos mostly people will be using one or two words to make the searches and not some complex string and may be they would be using the same search words daily. But on the other side the collections of history links would be a sure advantage for some people who might be drilling for something more specfic or 'hard to find info / not so populated topic' and trying different combinations. The the advantage of MSN Newsbot over Google News is that Newsbot has more sections and topics in the navigation and makes use of Java Scripts so that you can navigate the respective sections > subsections > and related headlines just over the roll of your mouse. One thing leaves me confusing , what does Microsoft wants to become, it is confused about its own identity or doing some sourch searching. - Is there a need for Microsoft to become the next google ? - Is Microsoft really seeing a great opportunity in News and Search Engines market ? - Or simply it doesn't have anything else to do ? Microsoft has started a online mag slate and is now thinking of urlLink wiping it off . Why it doesn't concentrate on urlLink Browser Wars and try to give some peace to the exisitng users of Internet Explorer who are under constant threat. Microsoft seems to be concentrating on Mass or larger share of consumer market, even its patents are also very pathetic. With the kind of cash it has, it should now support real technological inventions or innovations. And last but not the least I hate both of them for not providing the syndication feature through RSS.

 India : Telecom & Broadband Growth India has become the unique example of telecom success in both GSM and CDMA. Indian operators have changed the equations of the telecom market. Earlier vendors used to always have the upper hand now they understand that they have to provide customized contracts and service and act as partners, cos India is a serious market and the opportunities are available starting from scratch - i.e at the level of Implementation phase. Thats why, you not only see implementations but India also becoming the test-bed or early implementator of some great telecom and broadband technologies. Every operator and vendor is now eyeing these 'Value Addition' technology and market and we will witness lots of new jargons in coming times like Wi-Fi, Wi-Max, EDGE, EV-DO, etc, etc. The Indian urlLink telecom sector grew to 79.4 million customers at the end of May'04 - a 39 percent annual growth that came mainly by the doubling mobile users. A recent paper by Telecom.paper.nl urlLink estimates (paid subscription) that there are 0.4 internet, 0.2 broadband connections per 100 people in India. The broadband sector is still at a very confusing stage since there is not a single technology which has stabilized, every vendor and every operator is singing a different tune. Even the discussion on connection to customer (medium) is divided into Wirelss / Copper / Fibre and Ethernet. The Telecom Equipment Manufacturers Association (TEMA) has urlLink formed the India Broadband Forum primarily to provide technical, strategic, and marketing support to its member organizations venturing in the development of broadband products and services. The next phase will the coming of foreign Telecom / Networking / Broadband services for the need of outsourcing i.e Remote Management and Monitoring and other services. For example a recent announcement from COLT telecom to urlLink move jobs from Germany and UK to India. India is not only providing the manpower in the services market but there are many companies like Notel, Lucent, Cisco, Qualcomm, Juniper, etc for which India has become the R&D base also, for both the software and hardware.

 Mehmood : 1932 - 2004 urlLink Veteran Bollywood comedian, Mehmood, has died in the United States at the age of 72 I am a great fan of Mr. Mehmood, he was the true and may be the first "King Of Comedy" in the hindi film industry. I still remember a very simple but hillarious scene of "Pyar Kiye Jaa" in which he narrates a horror story to Omprakash , he was awarded Film Fare Award for that. Most of the comedians in India just use one method and repeat themselves in all their movies. But Mehmood was the first person who used make-up, accent, props and variety in his comedy. He was also ahead of time making movies such as Kuwara Baap, Padosan, Bombay to Goa, Jinny and Johny , etc. Padosan is still a terrific movie to watch , everytime you see it you experience the same madness. There is no other example of a true "comedy" in the Indian Masala movie industry. There is also a legend about him that once upon a time he became so popular among the audiences that Heroes (a typical lead character in every indian film) used to fear his presence in the movie and started boycotting him. One can simply put faith in this since he was the only comedian those days who gott to sing and dance with her very own female-sidekick (Helen, Durga Khote, Aruna Irani) in all him movies. Filmography of urlLink Mehmood as: Actor, Miscellaneous Crew, Director, Producer on IMDB.com

 World Largest IT Employer is Indian Silicon Valley - Bangalore A Keralanext.com urlLink report : At present, Bangalore has 1,60,000 professionals working in the technology sector and the number is the largest in one place on the planet. While about 1,00,000 professionals work in IT companies, the remaining 60,000 are working in the ITES-BPO sector. The number of working professionals is expected to cross 2,00,000 during the year 2004-05 with many IT and ITES-BPO companies rapidly expanding their manpower.

 The Fouding Father of Unix Found via urlLink Slashdot a urlLink nice article (Unix's founding fathers) on Economist.com about Dennis Ritchie who invented C and was one of the key members of the team behind Unix. It is that interplay between the technical and the social that gives both C and Unix their legendary status. Programmers love them because they are powerful, and they are powerful because programmers love them. David Gelernter, a computer scientist at Yale, perhaps put it best when he said, &#8220;Beauty is more important in computing than anywhere else in technology because software is so complicated. Beauty is the ultimate defence against complexity.&#8221; Dr Ritchie's creations are indeed beautiful examples of that most modern of art forms.

 Michael Carr on Future Of Software Industry urlLink Nicholas G. Carr - author of " urlLink Does IT Matter ? Information Technology and the Corrosion of Competitive Advantage" in his editorial on New York Times writes about the future of the software industry. He is reacting on the Microsoft's decision to return $32 billion to its shareholders , according to to him it may be a wise business move, but it is also an admission of defeat. With its announcement this week that it will pay a special one-time dividend of $3 a share, the company is confessing that despite years of trying, it has not found an attractive way to invest its cash reserves. After decades of spectacular growth, the world's most famous software company seems resigned to a more sedate middle age. Microsoft may be the biggest name in software, but its problem is not unique. In recent weeks, many of the largest suppliers of business software, like Computer Associates, Seibel Systems and Veritas, have announced that their growth will fall short of investors' expectations. The software industry's sluggishness is not just a reflection of the vagaries of the economic cycle. It is a manifestation of a fundamental, if often overlooked, characteristic of the industry's product: software never decays. Machinery breaks down, parts wear out, supplies get depleted. But software code remains unchanged by time or use. In stark contrast to other industrial products, software has no natural repurchase cycle.

 Blinkx & LookOut: A Alternate Way for Web Search Blinkx has urlLink launched its desktop search application to add more buzz in the increasingly competitive Web search market. Blinkx installs its own search client and mini toolbars within Windows applications, distills large amounts of text-from Word documents, Web pages or e-mails-into concepts in order to retrieve search results. blinkx automatically links information from files on your hard disk, and can suggest content from news sites, the internet, video and blogs. It is not designed to replace current search engines like Google or Yahoo, but is a completely new way to use information on the internet. - urlLink About Blinkx On the other hand, urlLink Microsoft has urlLink acquired a two-man startup urlLink Lookout Software , that specializes in desktop search from within Outlook. Built on top of a powerful search engine, Lookout is the only personal search engine that can search all of your email from directly within Outlook - in seconds... You can use Lookout to search your: - Email messages - Contacts, calendar, notes, tasks, etc. - Data from exchange, POP, IMAP, PST files, Public Folders - Files on your computer or other computers - ... Very soul (okay, not true)

 Reverse Migration of Indians Newyork Times has a article on urlLink the reverse migration of Indians from US and other Countrie back to India due to a potentially vast & booming Indian economy.

 Google gets personal apcmag urlLink informs about the new urlLink 'personalization ' feature of Google. : Personalised search services collect information about the subjects which interest you, so a search engine knows in advance that you are interested in computers and not fruit. Google&rsquo;s version of personalisation does just this. After completing a profile, searches made at http://labs.google.com/personalized produce not just the usual list of results but also a &#8220;personalisation slider&#8221; to apply your profile to search results. Set the slider to maximum and all results are subjected to an analysis based on your profile. Select minimum and the results revert to Google&rsquo;s standard service. Set the slider to somewhere between these two extremes and it will adjust the balance to reflect the placement. The flipside for Google is that your profile also has the potential to allow it to charge more for advertising. At present, the profile is stored on users&rsquo; hard drives as a cookie and advertisers&rsquo; greedy mitts are kept away from its potential for targeted advertising.

 Media Expo 2004 The India's No.1 Exhibition on the Advertising Industry : urlLink The MediaExpo 2004 will be held at Pragati Maidan, New Delhi from 6th to 8th August. It would be also the venue for urlLink 'Media Advertising Awards 2004' The highlights are : - Seminars & Conferences :: On various advertising related segments addressed by eminent speakers &bull; Awards nite :: Media Advertising Awards to honour the creative talent of the industry. &bull; Photographers' Gallery :: Showcase of works of various photographers. &bull; Showcase Gallery :: A display of new & innovative products from the gifts & promotion segment. &bull; Theme Pavilions &bull; Laser Show &bull; Fashion Show

 Telecomm India 2004 urlLink Telecomm India 2004 , The Telecommunication and Information Technology Trade Show & Seminar will be held at Mumbai (India) 25 - 28 October 2004 at Bandra-Kurla MMRDA Complex, Mumbai (Bombay) between Monday - Thursday ; 10:00AM-6.30PM . The event is support by Government of India Ministries of :- Ministry of Information & Broadcasting & Ministry of Communications & IT. The Exhibitors profile can be located urlLink here and the Conference details can ber located urlLink here

 Survey Predicts Rise in IT Outsourcing CFO.com urlLink reports (Big Rise in IT Outsourcing, Says Survey) about the recent survey conducted by urlLink Patni Computer Systems Ltd which says that nearly three-quarters of companies expect to increase their outsourcing budget by at least 20 percent over the next year and a half. Fully 41 percent of respondents said they expected a 20 percent to 35 percent increase in their outsourcing budget during the next 18 months, 18 percent expected an increase of between 30 percent and 50 percent, and 13 percent expected an increase of 50 percent or more. Just 8 percent said that they expected no increase. More than half &#8212; 54 percent &#8212; said that public perception has had no impact on their decisions to outsource. In fact, 30 percent said the only impact was on their ability to speak publicly about their initiatives. While 16 percent did concede that the debate over outsourcing made them reconsider their strategy, no respondents said that it forced them to postpone outsourcing altogether. As for workforce-related risks: 43 percent of respondents cited lost knowledge, 38 percent singled out mismatched roles and competencies, and just 8 percent cited worker backlash.

 Can Open Source become truly Open Source ? Tom Walker dissects the urlLink GNU General Public License (GPL) , on urlLink Newsforge . According to him the GPL has come to resemble digital rights management (DRM) and not the " free-as-in-freedom " motto ; every user should be able to obtain the source code for the software they use. According to him : - The GPL has unintentional harmful effects - The GPL doesn't do what it was designed to do - You can't stop undesired usage, so leave it open he concludes with the urlLink SQLite license : SQLite Copyright The original author of SQLite has dedicated the code to the public domain. Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or distribute the original SQLite code, either in source code form or as a compiled binary, for any purpose, commerical or non-commerical, and by any means. Contributed Code In order to keep SQLite complete free and unencumbered by copyright, other contributors to the SQLite code base are asked to likewise dedicate their contributions to the public domain. If you want to send a patch or enhancement for possible inclusion in the SQLite source tree, please accompany the patch with the following statement: The author or authors of this code dedicate any and all copyright interest in this code to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights this code under copyright law. Regrettably, as of 2003 October 20, we will no longer be able to accept patches or changes to SQLite that are not accompanied by a statement such as the above. In addition, if you make changes or enhancements as an employee, then a simple statement such as the above is insufficient. You must also send by surface mail a copyright release signed by a company officer. A signed original of the copyright release should be mailed to: Hwaci 6200 Maple Cove Lane Charlotte, NC 28269 USA

 Creating STIM and PIN-News urlLink Rajesh Jain writes about localization and simplification of the Internet Content so that it becomes more relevant and intelligent - the creation of an SME Trade Information Marketplace (STIM) and PIN-News. In India, e-business has lagged primarily because of the lack of an Internet infrastructure in the country. There are signs that this is going to change in the near-term as cheaper computers combined with affordable always-on broadband connections will bring more consumers and businesses online. India&rsquo;s current base of 17 million users is expected to grow rapidly and touch 60-100 million in the next 3 years. Add to this the rapidly growing mobile users (already at 35 million) and India could be set for a boom in e-commerce in the coming years. A harbinger of this was the recent entry of eBay into India via the acquisition of Baazee.com for $50 million. Given this context, there are two platforms which can help dramatically accelerate e-business in India: the creation of an SME Trade Information Marketplace (STIM) and PIN-News. STIM is about helping small- and medium-sized enterprises build and maintain an online presence, and connect with each other. By using two-way publish-subscribe technologies (wikis, weblogs, RSS aggregators), it will become much easier for SMEs to get out of the marketing trap that they find themselves in and grow their business. Each business needs to have an online presence comprising of four components: an &#8220;About Us&#8221; page in the form of a wiki which can be easily edited, a &#8220;What&rsquo;s New&#8221; page which has the new developments at the company both on the buy and sell side, a meta information page which gives contact and industry information and can be used by search engines to filter results, and a set of subscriptions based on keywords or topics which deliver the relevant updates from other SMEs, thus helping connect one business to other based on interest. PIN-News is about building a bottom-up community information system. It is built around PIN codes. Neighbourhood events can be posted on to specific pages, organised in a weblog-format. By using standardized forms to do the post, it is possible to capture the information in XML format and use a matching engine to send out alerts to people. For example, if I am interested in book exhibitions or special offers, I can set up an alert on a few PIN codes around my home and workplace. When the book shops in the area do their updates (as part of STIM), I can be immediately alerted. PIN-News thus fills the gap in communicating dynamic information to people who are most likely to benefit from it. Taken together, STIM and PIN-News can help make the Internet a utility in the lives of Indians and give the ones who do not have access a reason to get connected. It leverages the fact that much of our lives is spent in neighbourhoods and yet we know so little about it because our current media cannot get narrow enough to cost-effectively reach us. This is where the Internet and electronic &#8220;information marketplaces&#8221; can make a difference.

 Business World presents story of jalpaiguri Do you now that our government runs a program called urlLink Sampoorna Grameen Rozgar Yojana (S G R Y) ? No. No problems you can atleast know now how it is screwed. Businessworld reports about the urlLink The black hole of Jalpaiguri : (the last page of the article) Miles away from Gudhiyarkuthi, in Delhi's Krishi Bhavan, the building housing the main office of the ministry of rural development, officials struggle with the fact that in 2003-04, Rs 264 crore was not used by the states to which the money was allocated by the Centre. "The problem is that, at the end of the year, when states don't use the funds they are allotted, this surplus money is allocated to other states. The problem is that the decision to allot the surpluses to another state is an essentially political one," says an officer. States like Andhra Pradesh and Rajasthan are allotted the surpluses that other states will not spend. Adds the officer: "Why should the surpluses be distributed to others? Not being able to use the funds reflects a failure of the bureaucracy in a state and in the districts. It's not that there is no poverty in those states." The officer points out that states like Punjab and Haryana are also allotted a large volume of foodgrains under the scheme. "This is absurd. Why do these states need the foodgrains when even the poor in these states buy directly from the market?" The other problem is with the assets themselves that are created. Around 15 per cent of the funds are supposed to be for maintenance of the assets created in earlier years. "Unfortunately, we've found that not much of the money is used for maintenance," says the officer. Ironically, even despite these problems, many believe that the Sampoorna Gramin Rozgar Yojna is more successful than most other government schemes (See 'How The SGRY Works'). Will Manmohan Singh's proposals to transfer funds directly from the centre to the panchayats work? For all its faults, even in West Bengal where panchayati raj institutions are supposed to function more efficiently than in other states, village panchayats are the best institutions to judge how government money could be used in those areas. But they need to be made to work better. And one of the most important ways to do that is to put information in the hands of people like Kharen Roy. Till that happens, Singh could spend all the money he wants - but the poor might still vote him out of power five years from now.

 Time to change the internet browser ? The problems with the Microsoft's broswer software Internet Explorer are increasing day by day. Every day your hear about some new urlLink warning , urlLink patch , urlLink exploits and so on. It can be said that Microsoft produces more patches than the application software. (And they say that Open source in insecure). The reason behind the problem getting so critical is that more than 95% internet population uses MS IE and that's the most wonderful opportunity and heaven for hackers, virus & worm developers developers, and all those who need an opportunity to screw. Just imagine find one bug / loop hole and the entire world is yours. A wired urlLink article (Cool Ways to Give IE the Boot ) looks at the different alternatives available in the internet browser market - urlLink Mozilla FireFox , urlLink irider , urlLink Deepnet Explorer , urlLink Opera & urlLink Safari (mac). Recently I have myself been a target of lots of Spyware, browser hijackers and trojans which are mainly due to IE's vulnerabilites. These are very annoying they are not only irrtating and frustrating but you also spend lots of time and efforts to eradicate them. Just imagine if a single person wastes 1-2 hours of internet time on some pain in the ass, how many would be wasting their time and energies all over the world ?. Its time to change your browser honey .

 Wipro Anounces India's First RFID enabled Store urlLink Wipro Technologies , the global IT services division of Wipro Limited (NYSE:WIT), announced urlLink the launch of its RFID enabled concept store at its Electronic City campus. The concept store demonstrates how item level RFID tagging enables automatic check-out, intelligent shrinkage avoidance, smart stock maintenance, and tracing and tracking of apparel by the store manager. The concept store showcases RFID technology being used across different business processes in a retail store and has been launched to help customers understand the working of RFID in a real world environment. The concept store is part of the RFID center of excellence at Wipro Technologies. The RFID Journal reports the urlLink future plan of WIPRO for RFID : Recently, Wipro developed software that will schedule the correct number of cashiers to meet demand at the Metro Group's RFID-enabled Extra Future Store, in Rheinberg, Germany. Once the software is deployed, which is set to be happen within the next few months, customers can opt to have the bar code on their loyalty card scanned as they enter the store. The software will use those customers' shopping history to calculate when they are likely to reach the checkout register. The software will then assign staff to work the sales terminals so there will always be enough cashiers to meet customer demand, while freeing up staff to do other work when they are not required to process sales transactions. Wipro maintains that its RFID software and services can be customized from applications that Wipro has already developed. "Products are 70 to 80 percent ready and then customized for individual customer requirements," says Bhanu Murthy, vice president, retail vertical at Wipro Technology, in Bangalore, India. As an aid to its potential RFID customers, Wipro says it has developed its RFID return-on-investment (ROI) engine-a software program that can calculate the potential costs and returns for companies planning to deploy RFID. "This give a more accurate picture of potential cost than anything so far," says Murthy. What is RFID ? Radio frequency identification (RFID) is a method of remotely storing and retrieving data using devices called RFID tags. An RFID tag is a small object, such as an adhesive sticker, that can be attached to or incorporated into a product. RFID tags contain antennas to enable them to receive and respond to radio-frequency queries from an RFID transceiver . urlLink More on Wikipedia

 A Richer Future For India - McKinsey Study Diana Farrell , the director of the McKinsey Global Institute, and Scratch Zainulbhai , director in theMcKinsey's Mumbai office write a report on " urlLink A richer future for India " The wealth generated by India's fast-growing information technology and business-process-outsourcing industries shows that the country has started living up to its economic potential. Unfortunately, they produce just 3 percent of GDP and employ less than one-half of 1 percent of the nonfarm labor force. By contrast, most sectors of India's economy remain shielded from global competition by high tariffs and restrictions on foreign direct investment and are thus woefully uncompetitive. Although some might argue that removing these barriers would threaten social objectives such as the protection of jobs and incomes, a robust economy would be more likely to realize them. The take-away If India is to replicate the success of its IT and outsourcing industries elsewhere in its economy, its leaders must lower barriers to trade and encourage foreign investment in other sectors. .....More (Preminum Content : Requires registration - Free)

 The Outsourcing Roundup : Backlash & Knowledge NYT urlLink reports the fading outsourcing backlash in US : As Indian outsourcing companies grew fearful that negative publicity would harm business, Nasscom tried to protect themselves by campaigning for outsourcing with lawmakers, government officials and industry lobbies in the United States and Europe. But in the last two months, analysts say the backlash issue seems to be fading in importance to the American public and to United States businesses. "No longer are customers prefacing outsourcing questions with what they should do to deflect the backlash issue," said Partha Iyengar, research director for Gartner in Mumbai. Gartner nonetheless still recommends that its United States clients continue with employee-impact assessments and community audits before embarking on outsourcing. Some experts said they expected the concerns to be replaced by more pressing matters, like the shortage of skilled labor. "Most companies are expanding so rapidly," Mr. Mehta of Nasscom said, "that we fear the new threat for outsourcing is not the backlash but the imbalance in supply of skilled professionals." The hostility against outsourcing may have inadvertently helped the industry, some experts suggested. "The backlash proved a gold mine of free publicity for Indian outsourcing companies," Mr. Iyengar of Gartner said. "For many U.S. companies, the backlash made offshoring a compelling proposition." Even smaller outsourcing companies, like iGate Global Solutions, based in Bangalore, reached some deals after the controversy. The company, with $125 million in annual revenues and 4,000 employees, has customers like General Electric, GreenPoint Financial and Kraft Foods. "The backlash issue made outsourcing so mainstream that even my barber was speaking knowledgeably about outsourcing," said iGate's chief executive, Phaneesh Murthy, who is based in Fremont, Calif. In political circuits too the voices we hear now are somewhat different as kerry urlLink accepting the outsourcing "We recognise that outsourcing is a reality, but at the same time, we want to develop our jobs and industries more at home here too. But Senator Kerry is an internationalist and I think India should welcome him as an American President,&#8221; Richardson told reporters when asked about his party&rsquo;s strident posture against outsourcing. Even then people are not short of Myths and still more knowledge is required on this subject . Far from damaging the economy of the United States, offshoring should enable its companies to direct resources to next-generation technologies and ideas -- if public policy doesn't get in the way. - A urlLink report on CFO.com

 India Infotech Cheer Business Standard urlLink reports cheer in the indian infotech market : Infosys Technologies' first quarter results for 2004-05 have comfortably beaten the street, both on revenues and earnings. Far more significant, though, is the upward revision in its guidance for this fiscal. According to the company's revised estimates, income growth for the full year is expected to be around 40 per cent, while earnings per share are expected to grow at 34 per cent. That's a healthy rate of growth. Given the fact that the Infosys management has traditionally been very conservative about guidance, the markets will undoubtedly re-rate the company, especially as it trades at a forward price-earnings ratio of well below its annual earnings growth rate. But Infosys' revised guidance also sends another strong signal to the market - a pointer whose implications go far beyond the effect on a particular stock. Taken together with MphasiS BFL recent results and its management's upbeat assessment of prospects, the signal going out loud and clear is that the outlook for Indian software services has changed significantly for the better. Related Links : urlLink Tata Consultancy tops list of IT software exporters urlLink India's technology hub sees growth in investment in first quarter

 Britishcouncil's 0110 Digital Film Festival Presented by the British Council, the 0110 Digital Film Festival aims to provide a platform for filmmakers and artists who want to experiment with alternative forms of filmmaking. The festival has a competition section for which entries are invited. The deadline for submissions is July 23, 2004. There is no entry fee. For further details and to download the application form, urlLink click here [PDF].

 Pluck : Add Some Spice to IE urlLink Pluck enhances Internet Explorer to: - Deliver stories from all your favorite sites - Organize your Favorites so you can access them from any computer - Share Web pages and folders with colleagues and friends - Search Google, eBay & Amazon in a single window - Create custom eBay feeds with Auction Scout (NEW!) And it&rsquo;s free.

 Have You Been to BuddyZone urlLink Buddy Zone is a fun, virtual meeting place for networking and bonding. Make new friends and get to know your old ones better. Joining Buddy Zone It's as easy at 1 2 3 1. All you need is MSN Messenger to get started. If you don't have MSN Messenger, download it today. 2. Enter Buddy Zone via MSN Messenger by completing an easy, one time registration process. 3. On submitting the registration form, you will receive an e-mail from the administrator. Simply, confirm your registration via e-mail.

 MyAdda.com : India's very own Social Networking Site urlLink Myadda.com a social networking site is launched by Anand Giri (29) a Industrialist from Bangalore. He becomes your first friend on Myadda as soon as you register. The registration is very simple and fast, hardly takes 2 minutes. The profile contains a special section as Schools & Companies which may be useful to find you old school day crush. And if you pathetic ones didn't have any crush and desperately looking for one, then you can also date or show your interest in gettint married. The site is not very populated hence you have to be very patient. When you login you have to choose login as Social or business I have to find the idea behind it when I have the time. I didn't like the idea behind having case sensitive usernames, it may be irritating to many people and they will find themselves clicking on "forgot password?" the very next time they are back on the site. There are somethings which you may want to have or there are something which may not be working, but it is mentioned by Myadda that they are currently in beta stage, these things may happen and they are open for feedbacks. Overall Myadda is indeed a very good tool and may satisfy the appetite of Indian netwokers with improvements as it crosses it's beta stage. All the best guys!!! What can myadda do for you ? * Build Business Contacts * Meet New Friends * Reunion with Old Classmates * Create the fun of Addas * Find Soul Mates * Enrich your Lifestyle * Have Unlimited Fun

 Google Groups Reloaded Slashdot urlLink discussion on the new improved urlLink ://groups.google.com">Google Groups (beta), before it's too late create your own group. "Google has apparently launched a new version of their Google Groups, currently in beta. It looks a lot like Gmail. One can attach a star to message threads. One can even create new groups, although they aren't actual Usenet groups."

 Study of the Indian B2B publishing market A study by Business Strategies Group (BSG) Ltd., ranks urlLink CyberMedia 's urlLink Living Digital and urlLink PC Quest as the top two IT publications in terms of circulatio. This is the first ever study of the Indian B2B publishing market and covers revenue through advertisement, circulation and reach of the magazines, events organized and the future of the medium. The highlights mentioned on CIOL's site are listed below: * The market for B2B events is currently worth around $75 million in organizers' revenues * On-line revenues from Internet-based promotional and marketing activities could double in 2004 to reach $22 million. However, given the rapidly increasing Internet usage within business, it is likely to grow fast. * Despite changes in government policy on foreign investment in mid-2002 were, regulatory barriers to involvement in the market by foreign companies remain substantial. &nbsp;&nbsp;- Australian financial services group acquired 19 percent stake in Hindustan Times &nbsp;&nbsp;- Financial Times picked up 13.5 percent stake in Business Standard &nbsp;&nbsp;- Dow Jones announced an agreement with Bennett Coleman & Co, publishers of Times of India and The Economic Times, to establish a joint venture to publish an Indian edition of the Wall Street journal.

 Banking for Rural India Rajesh Jain urlLink Quotes urlLink WSJ : Engineers at the Indian Institute of Technology here [in Chennai] smile as they watch a magic brown box grumble, groan and then spit out 12 dirty 10-rupee notes, each valued at about 18 European cents. They have built India's first rural automated teller machine to serve remote areas of the subcontinent. It can process the worn notes in small denominations that are the main currency in Indian villages, and at $800, or about &euro;650, the machine costs less than one-twentieth the price of a regular ATM. India's Icici Bank Ltd., with the help of the institute in Chennai -- formerly Madras -- and others, has developed the village ATM from inexpensive homemade parts and programming. Despite its low price tag, the machine is built to survive extreme weather and power outages. It can tell when two ragged notes get stuck together and can scan fingerprints to identify rural savers who are illiterate or are reluctant to use a personal-identification number. The ATM will be tested at an Icici branch in Chennai this month. If it works, the rugged ATM eventually could be used at hundreds of Internet kiosks in remote areas of India. The project is more than an altruistic attempt to improve the lives of rural Indians. It is the latest example of how India's nimble private-sector banks try to use local high-tech skills to squeeze profits out of small savers. Indian companies such as HDFC Bank Ltd. and Icici didn't exist until deregulation opened the market to private banks in the 1990s. Now, they boast millions of customers and are among the most-profitable and fastest-growing companies in India. HDFC and Icici both have seen their profits grow by more than 30% annually during the past five years. The trick, they say, is technology. In a country where most potential savers make less than $100 a month, the banks have mastered ways of attracting small customers, even when they hold accounts with a minimum balance of $100. Setting up a national network of full-fledged branches was too expensive, so the banks expanded using ATMs, phone banking and the Internet to reach new customers inexpensively. "The challenge is that the transaction sizes are very small by international standards," says Neeraj Swaroop, country head of retail banking at HDFC in Bombay. "We were able to do it in an economically viable manner by investing in the right kind of technology." Thanks to affordable technologies, the most advanced banks in India say more than 70% of transactions are done outside branches. "They are aggressively targeting the customer like never before," says Gurunath Mudlapur, head of research at Khandwala Securities in Bombay. "They are using a lot of innovation for the Indian context."

 Women lead rural India's internet rush urlLink A BBC Report : The internet is beginning to have a revolutionary effect on the 700 million people who live in villages in India - and the charge is being led by women.

 India's Digital Village Via Slashdot Slashdot has this urlLink discussion [ India's Digital Village] about project urlLink Bhoomi covered urlLink comprehensively in Business Week by Manjeet Kripalani. Kripalani also writes about how the digitial evolution is bringing information explosion by bringing the equality in information access. Though majority of the people do not have understanding about these digital things, they have the power and ability to access the information through easily-operable devices like Kiosks. Outsiders may not understand the difference, but in India access to information is very big thing due to red-tapism and corruption. Now one doesn't have to slip in green fuel (bribe) inside the kiosks to get any information. sirdude writes "Business Week has a pretty comprehensive story on the impact of projects such as Bhoomi, which are slowly but surely bridging the digital divide in rural India. With entrepreneurial initiatives such as e-choupal, Simputer, and a multitude of other privately-funded projects also beginning to take root, the rural Indian (who comprises about 70% of India's population), is slowly inching his way into the information age. The rest of the third world is watching & waiting, and taking detailed notes :)" And the parts about computerized land records may remind anyone who's read it of Hernando De Soto's The Mystery of Capital. urlLink Project Bhoomi Under this prestigious Bhoomi E-Governance project of the Government all 20 million land records of 6.7 million land owners in 176 taluks of Karnataka have been computerised. This system works with the software called "BHOOMI" designed fully in-house by National Informatics Center, Bangalore. While the project is largely funded by Government of India; some critical components of this project are funded by State Government.

 10 most wanted patents Electronic Frontier Foundation has a Patent Busting Project's which lists urlLink ten most-wanted patents &#8212;the ones that pose the biggest threat to the public domain.What makes these patents among the worst of the bunch? Try the fact that their owners are threatening and filing suits against small businesses, individuals and nonprofits, not to mention the threats to free expression and innovation that each of them pose. Find more about the urlLink Patent Busting Project & How big is this patenting problem ? Every year numerous illegitimate patent applications make their way through the United States patent examination process without adequate review. The problem is particularly acute in the software and Internet fields where the history of prior inventions (often called &#8220;prior art&#8221;) is widely distributed and poorly documented. As a result, we have seen patents asserted on such simple technologies as: One-click online shopping (U.S. Patent No. 5,960,411.) Online shopping carts (U.S. Patent No. 5,715,314.) The hyperlink (U.S. Patent No. 4,873,662.) Video streaming (U.S. Patent No. 5,132,992.) Internationalizing domain names (U.S. Patent No. 6,182,148.) Pop-up windows (U.S. Patent No. 6,389,458.) Targeted banner ads (U.S. Patent No. 6,026,368.) Paying with a credit card online (U.S. Patent No. 6,289,319.) Framed browsing; (U.S. Patent Nos. 5,933,841 & 6,442,574.) and Affiliate linking (U.S. Patent No. 6,029,141.)

 Ittium : Licensing Intellectual Property Till now we have seen services company and product companies. All the major IT giants in India like Wipro, Infosys, TCS, Satyam .... are dominantly Services Company. There are very few handful of product companies in India due to lack of maturity in country, policies, market , finanance, talent, attitude and lots of other business environment factors. Some companies like urlLink Ittium Systems has taken a middle path called 'IP Licensing' for example they do not code on project basis for some other product company, instead they provide their code on "Royaly Basis". This has enabled them to have decent revenues and profits. The reason for others not following this model is (a) one cannot expect to generate revenue in 100s millions, since this working models has a specfic need and application (2) The IP licensing based companies has to continuously search for new contracts and projects since the tenure of a license is very short 3-5 years max as it appplies to a product in which the technology is used and the product life cycle is very short these days. Read the fully story in urlLink Business World Links : * urlLink Intellectual Property Rights in India Embassy of India * urlLink IP Firms : India

 Twistlines : Twisted Headlines from India A little twist in the headlines. Not so fresh. Some comments may be black. * Vishwakarma is responsible for train accidents : Laloo Yadav (Kamdev is responsible for my 9 childrens) * Vajpayee has a new hobby of cracking jokes : Old Wine, Old Bottle & New Knee Cap * Delhi : The rape capital of India (Q : Rape as in Women & Rapist or Rape as in Country and Politicians ?) * 'Bruised' Pak blasts US for terror checks (When india can show mercy for rapists, why can't Americal show mercy for terrorists?)

 NGCI-EDB DOCUMENTARY FUND 2004 (Call for Entries) National Geographic Channel (Asia) is looking for one-hour one-off documentaries but will also consider short series of up to 3 episodes. The details are available on urlLink NGCAsia.com

 India Inc. not so net savvy Geeta Nair urlLink writes in her article on Express computer , that India Inc. is a poor Internet User. Most of the people have not realized the potential of the net besides having a brochure-converted-in-to-website and Emails. There is lot to be done in the space of Knowledge Management and providing information and service to the customer through web and other internet channels. Most of the times one cannot even find the contact addresses of the company's branches and profile of people managing the company. There is a lot of value-addtion to be added just by tweaking the web site and providing that "extra information" which everybody is looking for. Most of the times I find web sites as the worst examples of Usability, a compulsory intro flash animation, a nifty abous us page, services which will mimic the Wipro's & infosys's of the worlds and contact page form without any contact (email / tel no.) listed , as if they run some secrete operations Most Indian companies seem to be content using the Internet solely for sending e-mail rather than utilising it as a value-added tool for business. They appear to be unwilling to use the Internet for information dissemination as well as a medium to do business. &#8220;The domestic industry by and large has been somewhat myopic and even ignorant about the benefits and the need to incorporate the Internet as part of its marketing and business strategy. The fundamental power of the Internet as a low-cost and highly effective tool for disseminating information is being undervalued,&#8221; states a study conducted by ValueNotes Database. ValueNotes is a leading provider of business intelligence and research, and is one of the largest aggregators of information on Indian business and finance. It conducted the survey following global reports that pointed out the poor leveraging of the Internet by Indian companies. It covered a cross-section of 50 big and small companies.

 Indian President Advises Open Source Approach | Via Slashdot A Slashdot urlLink Story : geo_2677 writes "The Indian President Dr. A Kalam has advised defense scientists to go for open-source software for software security, rather than be stuck with insecure proprietary software. Being a scientist himself, he surely knows what's good for his country." Speaking at the Indian Navy's Weapons and Electronic System Engineering Establishment, Kalam argued: "Open source codes can easily introduce the users to build security algorithms in the system without the dependence of proprietary platforms", though continues: "We should take maximum care to ensure that our solution is unique to protect our own defence security solutions implemented on open platforms." We previously reported on Richard Stallman's meeting with Dr. Kalam earlier this year.

 Where is Sanchar Kranti : Avinash Murkute Avinash Murkute , a Nagpur (India) based freelance columnist urlLink writes about Bribe Dependant Phones & Bribe Sanchar Nigam Limited's dadagiri and monopoly. Where is Sanchar Kranti: Revolution (Kranti) is always universal. If things happening at New Delhi, Chennai, Kolkatta, Mumbai should be termed as revolution then there is serious flaw in the way of thinking. It is sure cheating with the rural India. If we are talking about GDP and neglecting rural then we are committing crimes. It dials digital divide. Rural &#8211; Urban differentiation is like putting the clock back. Governmental schemes are implemented on paper only. Take example of Internet Dhabas. In Internet Dhaba beneficiary was allotted waiting free, deposit free, rent free, Internet access free telephone connection. Such Dhabas (Kiosks) were supposed to be set at every Taluka level. The Principal General Managers who played God by taking credit of implementing this scheme was in facto demon. They allotted such phones on bribes. So in the age of Internet Nirvana rural India is Internet free and eventually virus free also. It is good to have virus in computer system than to have virus in minds like BSNL infected with bribe virus. This challenging, feeble, depraved rural India needs Telecom God. They wish to throw up an inferior service provider like BSNL. A true Indian will always disdain &#8220;Hindustan-ke-Gaddar&#8221; in BSNL. Rural even doesn&rsquo;t wish to worship false telecom god and false telecom ministers. They need a deluxe telecom god who can provide them bribe free basic telephony at par with rest of the world and punish bribe licensee. It&rsquo;s so simple GDP is inversely proportional to bribe? Sure we are talking about GDP only and illegal telephone(s) are still working, smiling at TRAI. Link : * Googling for urlLink Avinash Murkute

 Lawsuit against Google / Stealing code for Orkut urlLink Affinity Engines a small social-networking software company urlLink has filed suit against urlLink Google claiming that engineer urlLink Orkut Buyukkokten illegally took the code that he had written for the company -- which he co-founded -- with him when he joined Google and started a new version of Social Networkig site urlLink Orkut

 What's Happening with Jassi? Dear friends, comrades and countrymen Oye! Wats happeennning with the media yaaaaar&#8230;. The biggest hype on television this year was sony tv&rsquo;s &#8220;Jassi Jaisi Koi Nahi&#8221;. I thought finally a light hearted serial with no-saas bahu bahu stuff. But never imagined JJKN to be a &#8220;over stuffed parantha&#8221; Is Jassi a Jassi or Jassi a Wizard of Oz or Agony Aunty to Armaan , Raaj, Surajmukhi, bebe, Maa, Nandu, Gulmohar team and all those who could not be accommodated or stuffed in the list. Jassi Ke Baap ko Gussa Kyu Ata Hai? Aur Jassi ki Ma ka chehra hai ya koi screen saver, kambakhat change hi nahi hota. Is Armaan really a chairman of Gulmohar, the fashion house or Gulmohar , the dhaba.? In which institute did Armaan do his management from? All the students must get their money back, with no questions asked. IIM people please see, that&rsquo;s why BJP was after you. Raaj putter, you are not working in poultry farm, beta for god sakes do some work also, otherwise you would be selling Red Oxide Sariya all your life. Arundhati which Consulting organizations you are from?. Even income tax department or the bitchiest wife in any serial talk like that? Nandu , agreed&#8230; people with brains don&rsquo;t have four legs. But if finance guys are like you then I would pray that Mr. Chidambaram doesn&rsquo;t prepare budget in the under the influence and possession of some sadak-chap &#8220;Pari&#8221;. And last but not the least&#8230;. Oye Chashmebaddur Mallika &#8211;E- Tarannum. Oye tune Khane me kya khati hai, tere mood ke 24x7 saade barah kyu naje rahte hai. Don&rsquo;t you have your motions properly and regularly? Advice (Free) : Have some kayam churan every day, it will elevate your mood. Who are this characters from X files, Purab, Arundhati , Surajmukhi . Inka Tatparya kya Hai? What is the reference to context. On which planet they live now ? or decide to retire? The Moral of the story : - Have characters not caricatures. - Some idiot has invented a word called &#8220;LOGIC&#8221; , use it - Why don&rsquo;t we outsource all our serials. Just Dub the foreign serials so that we can have some life. Santy&rsquo;s Recommendations : Frasier, Everybody Loves Raymond, Mind of a married man. I can manage only this , sometimes

 The WMD incubators : Bush Jr. copies Bush Sr. Just accidentally came through this story about the last gulf war. The entire WMD shit is mere inheritence of Bush from his father. In October, 1990, a 15-year-old Kuwaiti girl, identified only as Nayirah, appeared in Washington before the House of Representatives' Human Rights Caucus. She testified that Iraqi soldiers who had invaded Kuwait on August 2nd tore hundreds of babies from hospital incubators and killed them. Television flashed her testimony around the world. It electrified opposition to Iraq's president, Saddam Hussein, who was now portrayed by U.S. president George Bush not only as "the Butcher of Baghdad" but -- so much for old friends -- "a tyrant worse than Hitler." Bush quoted Nayirah at every opportunity. Six times in one month he referred to "312 premature babies at Kuwait City's maternity hospital who died after Iraqi soldiers stole their incubators and left the infants on the floor,"(1) and of "babies pulled from incubators and scattered like firewood across the floor." Bush used Nayirah's testimony to lambaste Senate Democrats still supporting "only" sanctions against Iraq -- the blockade of trade which alone would cause hundreds of thousands of Iraqis to die of hunger and disease -- but who waffled on endorsing the policy Bush wanted to implement: outright bombardment. Republicans and pro-war Democrats used Nayirah's tale to hammer their fellow politicians into line behind Bush's war in the Persian Gulf.(2)........... urlLink Read more on Counterpunch.org Links : * urlLink Bush's Iraq Lies * urlLink RW ONLINE:"Wagging the Dog":US/Kuwait Incubator Scam * urlLink In war, some facts less factual * urlLink UnitedStatesGovernment.net - How Bush Sr. Sold The Bombing Of Iraq * urlLink When contemplating war, beware of babies in incubators | csmonitor ...

 Microsoft Goes Cheap to woo Asia urlLink Microsoft is proposing to expand an offer to supply Asian countries with a simpler, urlLink cheaper version of its Windows operating system in an apparent effort to curb software piracy and dent urlLink the appeal of the open-source Linux system in the region. Or could this be proactive measure by Microsoft to avoid the "perfect storm", as urlLink pointed out by Franklin Fisher. He had also testified during Microsoft-US Justice Department anti-trust trial in 1999, that customers believed there were no serious commercial contenders to the Windows operating system at that time. The story is very different now with urlLink Sun , urlLink IBM and urlLink Oracle going guns with Open Source. Besides competition MS faces challenges from the very large asian developer community who are also urlLink supported by their goverment, organizations and intellectuals.

 The 50 coolest web sites Times releases the urlLink Top 50 Coolest Web Sites My favorites : - News.google.com - Friendster.com

 India Broadband Policy TO be Announced Next Week Communication and IT Ministry has urlLink announced that they will be realeasing the Broadband Policy for India in the next week which will result increase in the Internet usage through tax sops and incentives. The numbers of initiatives has been urlLink suggested like : * a five-year service tax holiday for the ISPs, * a waiver of the entertainment tax on broadband subscription, * removal of anti-dumping duty on recycled personal computers imported into India and * 50 per cent reduction in income-tax for Web-hosting services for five years By this policy is TRAI is urlLink expecting 20 million broadband and 40 million internet subscribers by 2010, which translate into penetration levels of 1.7 per cent and 3.4 per cent respectively.

 MAKING TECHNOLOGIES WORK FOR THE POOR Dr. R. A. Mashelkar (Secretary urlLink DSIR & Director General, urlLink CSIR ) writes for Press Information Bureau : urlLink MAKING TECHNOLOGIES WORK FOR THE POOR . Here I take the exceprt related to the Computer Based Functional Literacy program The great doyen of Indian IT industry, Shri F.C Kohli believes that this can be done through his recent breakthrough. He has developed a unique Computer-based Functional Literacy (CBFL) method. It is based on the theories of cognition, language and communication. In this method, the scripted graphic patterns, icons and images are recognized through a combination of auditory and visual experiences by using computers. The method emphasizes on learning words rather than alphabets. Based on this method, Shri Kohli's team has developed innovative methodologies using IT and computers to build a reading capability among the adult illiterates. This experiment was first conducted in Medak village near Hyderabad. Without a trained teacher, the women started reading the newspaper in Telugu in 8 to 10 weeks. Thereafter, his team has carried out more experiments in 5 States and in 5 languages. So far, 40,000 people have been made literate in these pilot experiments. The team ran these lessons on Intel 486s and the earlier versions of Pentium PCs modified to display multimedia. There are around 200 million of such PCs in the world that are obsolete and discarded. They can be made available free of cost. By using these PCs, the cost of making one person literate would be less than Rs.100. How does one set up a telephone exchange in a village in the Rajasthan desert in India, where temperatures that go beyond 50 C and the sand storms create unmanageable dusty conditions. It was Centre for Development of Telecommunications (C-DOT) in India that designed the rural exchanges, which could withstand these aggressive conditions.

 Growth In Indian E-Commerce Business Line urlLink reports the growth in Indian E-commerce : INDIA is expected to log the highest compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of 83.7 per cent among Asia-Pacific countries in e-commerce revenues between 2003-08, even exceeding the growth rate displayed by neighbouring China in the five-year period, according to research firm IDC. "On a country-by-country basis, India is expected to show the highest CAGR of 83.7 per cent in e-commerce revenue from 2003 to 2008, thus marginally exceeding the CAGR of 81 per cent expected in China," according to IDC's forecast on Asia Pacific internet market.

 The Indian Telecom Services Performance Indicators for FY 2003-04 The latest TRAI report urlLink The Indian Telecom Services Performance Indicators for FY 2003-04 provides an update on the growth trends for the telecom services for the year 2003-04. Due to the Unified Access Service Regime, the details under mobile services cover both GSM & CDMA known as Cellular & WLL (M) services respectively. The Fixed service details also include WLL(F). Business Line reports some urlLink highlights of these report.

 The Data Protection Risk In the BPO The business process outsourcing (BPO) industry in India is urlLink growing at 40-50 percent per annum despite protests against shipping of jobs in some countries and generating revenues to the tune of $3.6 billion in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2004. The new concern in the BPO sector is about the "Data Protection" and India is considered to be 'risky' but according to the new urlLink survey conducted by Hill & Associates ; Bangalore, Mumbai and Hyderabad have emerged as key no-risk locations and there is no such great risk at other locations also. Detailing the findings of the survey on information security, Sonal said, &#8220;Globally, 60-70 per cent of corporate frauds are estimated to have been committed within the organisation. These include factors like security breaches, loss of information and damage to reputation.&#8221; Infact, we have a seperate programme for pre-employment screening to address this issue." Stating that focus needs to be given on data protection, he said that data moves out of the company as and when an employee moves out of the organisation. "Today, nearly 20 per cent of the security concerns are on falsification of resumes, especially when an employee moves to another organisation. If this cannot be addressed in a cohesive manner, it becomes market knowledge and people will stop applying for jobs in such companies."

 Bharti & Reliance against direct intra-circle connectivity urlLink Navindtimes reports : The telecom operators - Bharti and Reliance have petitioned the central government to stop any proposed move to allow cellular operators direct connectivity between two circles, by-passing the STD operators saying this could result in a whopping Rs 1,800 crore loss annually to the two rendering their businesses &lsquo;unviable.

