 Monday dawns, or will dawn at some point. I don't expect we'll see a lot of sun today. There will be some more snow today and then more snow (a lot) tomorrow and thus, winter continues. Off and on all weekend, I've been talking to people who want to escape winter in one way or another. I have friends going to Hawaii next month... friends of theirs going south at the first opportunity and at least a few friends I met up with spoke of living and working in warmer climates. DC was chilly all weekend, but it didn't snow until after I flew out yesterday, a rare moment of perfect timing, which I'm not known for when it comes to weather and travel. How did I not accomplish all that I wanted to on this DC trip? Let me count the ways. Hopes and semi-plans for meeting up with friends and bloggers fell by the wayside as other things intervened. With time running out on the trip Saturday afternoon, I zipped down the block to Health Bar and spent about an hour and a half with urlLink Waremouse . Regular readers of his website know that he went to Iowa to volunteer for the Dean campaign. He's been less than happy since he came back but he was in good form Saturday. I probably forced too much of the conversation to politics but it's been on my mind a lot lately. John has been thinking about it a lot, too... before and after his Iowa experience. In any case, that was a highlight... always nice to meet a fellow blogger. A big highlight of the trip was a training session at urlLink BodySmith that I got for Christmas from Chris and David. No matter how much you train or have trained in the past, a session with an expert from time to time is great for getting advice on training, form, etc. I'm coming off a forearm injury, which is improving quickly. So, the trainer worked with me on developing a new workout plan for the next couple months and on improving a few aspects of my form. Just the help I needed to keep the workout fresh and to gain some more confidence with the sorry state of my leg workout. I had hoped to see "Fog of War" and "The Battle of Algiers" while in DC. But there wasn't enough time so those will have to come later.

 I've not said this for a week, but what is a personal weblog about if not for personal thoughts? I smell death in the Dean campaign. It's not just poll numbers. It's a personal political instinct that is sometimes wrong, but that signals an implosion occurring. For more than a week, I watched the numbers slide in Iowa and said nothing. I watched a couple caucuses, picked through the entrance poll data, watched the now infamous Dean gaffe Monday night, and how the campaign has reacted since. I'm obviously not the only one paying attention and I'm not the only one seeing this, I would bet. Deaniacs are blaming media, negative campaigning, etc. And all have played a role. But what they can't see because of their deep devotion to the candidate is the deep uncertainty others have about him, or the cumulative damage Dean has inflicted on himself. The entrance poll numbers in Iowa are stark. And while Iowa is a big bunch of old white people, what they are saying is appearing elsewhere in focus groups and polls. I won't say it's over, for a couple of reasons. I think it's too soon, I might be wrong, and I feel bad because I like Dean a lot. But politics is as much about gut and intuition as it is about numbers and research. Now, if I was really courageous and willing to stand up to my Dean friends, I would pull the cursor over this post and hit the delete key, leaving two sentences: Politics is as much about gut and intuition as it is about numbers and research. I smell death in the Dean campaign.

 The Todd DC Vacation Model: get up early; have coffee; read papers; talk; have lunch; read; gym; hang out; read; dinner; espresso; friends; alcohol; read; bed. This city isn't about tourist things to me, although I've done 'em. It's about relaxing, which is a strange thing to say in a city that one would think rarely relaxes. But it does relax and it's one of the more social (networking) cities I've been to.

 I just did something I hadn't done in several years: I had Taco Bell for breakfast. I won't go into the exciting array of options available to fliers here at Detroit Metro who are interested in fine dining. To be precise, there are none. So I skipped all the carbs and went right for the fat. So, now that I feel like shit... I'm on my way to DC. For new readers, Washington DC is known to many as Our Nation's Capital.

 My friends and me are so smart. We can spout political analysis just like the rest of them. Give us an hour of NPR or a New York Times article and we become experts. Isn't that what the pundits do? Basically. But by last night, there was no more to say. We were working through political analysis version 3 and we stopped and looked at each other. Done. No more. Well, there's always real life, right? Real life ain't so fun. The cold isn't bone-chilling here in my part of the world-- 20 degrees during the day, 5 degrees at night. But it's quickly becoming intolerable. You can just tell when people have had enough. People are getting cranky and what starts it is the snow that doesn't melt on the pavement. A week later, you're thinking, what the fuck with the old snow?!?!? The warmup is promised again and again, but I'm not waiting. I'm going to DC tomorrow. I know, not exactly Miami but it's 15 degrees warmer. I'm not a warm weather guy. I was born in the upper midwest and I don't mind some cold and some snow. The thing about living where I live is that we don't get very cold and we don't get a lot of snow. That works well in the broad sense, but the details get annoying. I've probably overbooked the time in DC. I need personal reading time, I need time at The Diner for drinking and boy-watching, I need the daily workout at Results (not for boy-watching... well, OK, if you insist), I need time with my best friend, Chris, to plot my DC strategy and discuss boy-related issues. My friend Rick, those cool, friendly DC blogo-boys, the puppy. And even though it's cold, I just have to stand outside, look down Connecticut Ave and breathe deeply. cough cough I'm home!

 Until the New Hampshire primary, I'll confine my political ramblings to my urlLink news weblog . There comes a point where, even in the most nuanced discussion of what happened last night, you discover the pundits are repeating themselves. You listen to them on NPR, read them in the papers, watch them on TV and you realize that any given platitude uttered at any given moment could be coming out of the mouth of any given pundit. Well, that's no surprise. Two more highlights before I move on to real life . The Washington Post notes the "peculiar nature" of the Iowa Caucuses: The Iowa caucuses remain baffling to many Americans and quaint or strange to many foreign observers. "There are many oddities about the Iowa race," BBC News reported on its Web site. It "feels a little bit like a highly politicized dinner party, where guests are invited to disagree politely with each other. Many bring pies, cookies and drinks and it is probably one of the most homely election processes in the world." The other highlight: CSPAN last night broadcast 2 caucuses from start to finish. The larger event was a caucus in Dubuque County where more than 200 people attended. I watched it passively but became riveted at the relentless efforts of one young man, apparently in his early 20's, to shore up support for his chosen candidate, Dennis Kucinich. The camera followed him as he went from room to room, cajoling, begging, strong-arming former Kucinich supporters to rejoin as he tried to stitch together a viable group with Kucinich, Gephardt and Undecided voters. It was a futile quest but it was hard not to root for him and it was true reality TV. Check it out, in the urlLink CSPAN Video Library . Click on "Democratic Caucus from Eastern Iowa." Start watching about 1:27:30 into the video and watch this young man wearing the coat and the stocking cap over the next 20 minutes or so. He's quite a guy.

 The Iowa Caucuses didn't produce much in the way of surprises, if you consider the polls leading up to last night. For the past week, Howard Dean's support had been falling, and Kerry and Edwards have been rising. The situation was clear in the oft-maligned Zogby Poll (which is a small sample), it was perfectly clear in the final Iowa Poll released by the Des Moines Register on Sunday, and it was clear in the internal campaign polling conducted by the candidate's organizations-- polls the candidates regularly share with the media on background. There are 4 important stories today. First, Howard Dean's distant third place finish. Joe Trippi is spinning it-- it was the Gephardt negative campaign against Dean, he says, and that brought down Gephardt and nearly brought down Dean. Nice try, but that doesn't tell the whole story by a long shot. The negative campaign was a factor-- both candidates participated actively in it and they continued it even as their support leached away to Kerry and Edwards, which speaks volumes about internal strategy and decisionmaking. But let's look at the data gathered as voters were arriving at the caucuses. Dean captured a third of those voters who described themselves as very liberal. Among more mainstream voters who self-describe as "somewhat liberal," he came in behind Kerry and Edwards. And, most telling, voters who described themselves as moderate deserted Dean, who was a distant third to Kerry and Edwards. In the age breakout, Dean came in second with the youngest voters, in the 17-29 category. But that was his best showing. When asked what one quality was most important in deciding whom to support, a majority of those who chose taking a strong stand on the issues picked Dean over the others. But voters looking for someone to beat George Bush deserted Dean, who was a distant third. The other question asked: which one issue mattered most in deciding whom to support? For those who thought the war in Iraq was the most important, Dean was the easy winner. But for all of the anti-war sentiment in Iowa, the majority of voters said the economy and healthcare were more important than the war, and those voters chose Kerry. New Hampshire will be a new ballgame, but for Dean, there are signs of serious trouble that go much deeper than a negative campaign with Gephardt. The other candidates have discovered, or have had confirmed, Dean's weaknesses. This will be an interesting week. The second story is Kerry's sweep. It's been attributed to political operative extraordinaire urlLink Michael Whouley , but the poll provides some other clues. Most of the Kerry voters made their decision in the past month and more than a third made the decision in the last three days. Why did they do it? When asked which candidate quality was the most important factor in deciding whom to support, those who thought experience was important overwhelmingly chose Kerry. A quarter of the voters thought a candidate who could beat Bush was most important and they readily chose Kerry. Two other stories are worth passing attention. Polling data shows Gephardt's base remained blue-collar voters, but he lost most of those to Kerry. He was the first choice of voters who thought trade policy was the most important issue, but that was a miniscule number of voters. Gephardt leaves the race today, and it's about time. Not because I dislike him, but it's time to narrow the field and reduce clutter. Edwards enjoyed a big bump in Iowa and he'll be the media darling for the coming week. I'm of the opinion that Edwards' success is a blip on the radar screen but I need to do more research before I stand by that opinion. In summary, Dean lost and lost big. But that loss was clear long before last night. The Iowa Caucuses are supposed to reward organization. But last night, Iowa voters made it clear that experience and electability make the difference, and those are Dean's weakest points. On to New Hampshire.

 More polling data, from the urlLink New York Times : Iowans who voted in the caucuses were far more likely to cite health care and the economy than the war in Iraq as their most pressing concerns in this election, even after a year in which the war in Iraq significantly shaped the Democratic presidential contest, according to a survey of voters entering caucus sites. The survey found that the caucuses, the most competitive Democratic contest this state has had in at least 16 years, produced a spike of new interest, with about half of caucusgoers saying they were attending their first caucus. At the same time, the survey confirmed what voters here and in New Hampshire have repeatedly said from the start of the year: That defeating President Bush was a top priority for Democratic voters this year. More than a quarter described it as the key consideration in casting their votes. Three in 10 said the decisions were based on the candidates' taking strong stands on issues. In a sign of how the climate here has changed over the last six months, barely 15 percent said the war in Iraq had shaped their final decision, even though 75 percent said they opposed the war. Dr. Dean, the former governor of Vermont, emerged as a major contender here in large part by opposing the war in Iraq, drawing a sharp contrast with three opponents who voted for the war while in Congress: Mr. Gephardt, Mr. Kerry Mr. Edwards. Dr. Dean won barely half the support of voters who called the war in Iraq their top priority. And opponents of the war split almost evenly between Dr. Dean and Mr. Kerry, who voted for the Iraqi resolution in Congress, a position for which he was repeatedly lambasted here during this campaign. The survey also suggested that the central theme of Mr. Gephardt's appeal -- pledging to fight against overly liberal trade agreements -- did not fare well. Barely five percent of voters named that as their top issue; and he won the support of just one-third of union households. Among elderly voters, a key contingent in Iowa, and another target of Mr. Gephardt, Mr. Kerry won the support of about one-third, compared to about one-quarter for Mr. Gephardt. The elderly made up one-third of the electorate.

 The Kerry win makes urlLink this article worth looking at again: DAILY EXPRESS The Revivalist by Michael Crowley Only at TNR Online Post date: 01.16.04 It's been a long time since John Kerry got anything resembling good news. In fact, for most of the winter Kerry has been fending off reporters determined to nail his coffin shut. But lo and behold, after several days of steadily climbing in Iowa polls, Kerry may now have a claim to first place there. That's a startling development. Sure, a Kerry win in Iowa hardly makes him the race's front-runner. But it might be his last, best hope for staying alive. There are some obvious reasons for this Kerry comeback. One is the way he essentially gave up on winning New Hampshire and began campaigning constantly in Iowa, in the hope that a surprise finish would slingshot him into New Hampshire with fresh momentum. Another may be a sharpened stump style, and the well-advised dumping of contrived slogans like "The Real Deal." But there might be another, more hidden story--a secret weapon Kerry unleashed in Iowa several weeks ago. His name is Michael Whouley. Michael who? Unless you're a hard-core political junkie, you've probably never even heard the name. But within the Democratic political world, Whouley is an almost-mythical figure. Revered as one of the party's fiercest and most talented ground-level organizers, Whouley is widely credited with saving Al Gore's foundering campaign in Iowa and New Hampshire in the 2000 primaries against Bill Bradley. Now this old Kerry ally may be working his magic one more time. Whouley often seems like a kind of Keyser Soze figure--his fearsome powers are the stuff of legend, but the man himself is rarely seen. Unlike other top campaign operatives, Whouley shuns attention. He avoids shows like "Hardball" and "Crossfire," and you can't find a picture of him on the Web. Whouley is so secretive that in 2000 he wouldn't even walk in front of a C-SPAN camera so his mother-in-law could see him on television. On the phone, Whouley sounds like a 300-pound truck driver--he has a grumbly, profane voice, heavily inflected with the accent he acquired growing up in Boston's working-class Dorchester neighborhood. (In fact, he is short, "balding," and "whip thin," according to The New York Times.) Whouley also hates to be written about. Gore's former campaign manager, Donna Brazile, confided to me yesterday that she'd just gotten off the phone with Whouley. He'd told her "to stop bragging about him" to reporters. But Whouley's track record makes him hard to ignore. Numerous veterans of the 2000 Gore campaign, including Gore himself, give Whouley vast credit for saving Gore's hide from Bill Bradley's primary challenge that year. At the time, Whouley was a fortyish ground operative who had been field director for Bill Clinton's 1992 campaign and, briefly, patronage chief in the White House. He was first dispatched to New Hampshire after a poll showing Bradley with a lead in New Hampshire rocked the complacent Gore campaign. Whouley quickly identified the problem: Gore had been too regal and distant from the voters. He ended Gore's endless endorsement events and forced him to bang on more doors and make himself accessible through long town-hall meetings with undecided voters. They proved highly popular and crucially humanized the stiff vice president.

 Having received email asking me why I would be so negative about the wonderful Iowa Caucuses, let me pass along urlLink this article from Slate which offers more detail on what a really undemocratic mess the caucuses are. But even messes have consequences. urlLink Daniel Drezner thinks Edwards is becoming the new media darling and is likely to benefit greatly with press coverage coming out of Iowa, particularly if he can get third or second. If Dean comes in second or worse, expect his campaign to say Iowa really doesn't matter, which is a good point. I mean, what happens after the first round vote, when candidates are forced out and the jockeying begins to gain orphaned supporters for the second or third vote? The lineup can switch significantly because of the odd rules governing how the caucuses work. Right now, polls matter less because what counts is a candidate's organization and his ability to get people to the caucuses. But let me also add this: some believe that being behind a little can help Dean because it will remind supporters that they need to get to the caucuses to vote for their candidate. Normally, this would be the case, but in Iowa, I don't think it is. The problem is, there are few solid supporters of the candidates. Right now, polling and interviews show close to half of Democrats could change their minds and vote for another candidate at the caucuses tonight. That level of uncertainty is rather amazing and it could mean an exciting interesting evening.

 I remember my first Iowa caucus. In 1988, I had just become eligible to vote and I was ready to put my finely honed conservative principles into action at this vital instrument of grassroots democracy. What I saw there that night has made me a liberal Democrat. Remember 1988? It was an open field across the board, with Dukakis, et al running on the Democratic side, and the Republicans fielding George HW Bush, Jack Kemp, and the internationally recognized statesman-who-speaks-directly-to-God-- Pat Robertson. I was a true-blood Republican conservative. As far as I was concerned, God had blessed one party and that party stood for all that was good about America. Only the GOP could stand up to the dark forces that threatened our cherished way of life: the Soviet Union (the hollow shell, which collapsed in big heap one decade later) and the liberal special interests promoting their partisan agendas (concern for the poor, gays, lesbians etc.). My family, devout Pentecostals that they were, saw only one candidate capable of helping America weather the tribulations ahead: Pat Robertson. The man who turns away hurricanes with but a word. The President who knows his way around pre-millennial dispensationalism. I was for Kemp. He was tough on communism and special interests and I felt his perfectly combed hair could serve as an effective nuclear shield, should we need it. Robertson seemed to be a little... well... cooky. Caucus night, everyone knew that the Robertson faction had organized better than anyone and his people were ready to jam the meetings and push through a Robertson victory. But the actual vote on the candidates that makes the Iowa caucuses such a "bellwether" of the Presidential campaign comes at the end of about 90 minutes to two hours of discussions about politics. People argue about the candidates, declare their support, defend their choice, try to convince others to switch their vote, pass "resolutions" to send to the candidates, pass the party platform, and eat. "Democracy" is Iowan for "Bring Dish to Pass." "This is the quintessence of democracy," the media tells us, as it paints a picture of small-town democracy. The truth is, the caucuses are a trifle less lofty. My caucus was at the county fairgrounds, where a bunch of caucus groups were meeting. Looking around me, I realized it had happened-- Pat Robertson had unleashed the Great Unwashed. They poured from the church doors into the fairgrounds building wearing a Robertson button on their lapels and their religion on their sleeves. Flannel shirts and polyester stretch pants as far as the eye could see. There might have been a BushI supporter there. If there was, I'm sure they left as soon as one of the Robertson faction got a rope. I hung out, trembling in the corner, wearing a small Kemp sticker on my shirt and trying to look confident. The party had sent along a platform for us to vote on. And indiividuals came with their own resolutions. Democracy is messy, but I wasn't prepared for resolutions reestablishing the pledge of allegiance in the classroom, abolishing public schools, outlawing Godless communism. With each resolution, I voted no. Everyone else voted yes. Suspicious looks, my family edging away from me in case there was a stoning. Then after lots of haggling and "speeches," the vote came and Robertson won by a landslide. As we were milling around afterward, one of Jack Kemp's daughters came up to me. She was there and was apparently looking for any signs of life in the Kemp campaign. My best friend said "She thinks you're cute." But my mind was wandering; I was thinking of launching a sex-based initiative with the hot young man over there. I left the caucuses with a bad taste in my mouth. Discussion is democratic; but voting in public isn't. But then, it's not about democracy. It's political theater; it seems delightfully quaint but is really a tool that gets you a lot of attention and brings a windfall of hundreds of millions of dollars to the state. And we're told the caucuses play a vital role in picking the next President. They've acquired that oversized importance because no one in either party has had the balls to stand up and put a stop to it. And by that, I mean not just the Iowa Caucuses but the entire mess of primaries and caucuses that we call the Presidential Campaign. We can certainly find a better system for whittling down the number of choices, can't we?

 It was a glorious night. We joined another couple for our evening out, the gala re-opening of Hill Auditorium in Ann Arbor, after $38 million and close to 2 years of renovations. We enjoyed a long, leisurely dinner and arrived just a few minutes before the festivities were to begin. The auditorium is a marvel. A few days back, the urlLink New York Times called it a midwestern Carnegie Hall. In it's 90 year history, it's played host to nearly every great performer of the century. The hall's new color scheme is true to the original. For years, it was an egg-shell color. But the newly restored colors recreate what University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman called the inside of a Faberge egg. The acoustics are still perfect. And last night's concert was grand. Countertenor David Daniels, Chanticleer, Midori, the home-grown symphony and chorus, and the urlLink Canadian soprano Measha Brueggergosman , who was dazzling. Audra McDonald was ill and unable to be at the performance, and so Measha came back to the stage to perform a selection of cabaret songs by William Bolcolm-- her favorites, she said-- accompanied by the composer himself, who lives here. She was amazing, a musicality, range, depth and maturity and an outsize personality and sense of humor that won everyone over. M and I plan to go see her in Toronto this year. Having grown up in a family that was lower middle class, we didn't go to those kinds of concerts and even if we had wanted to, we couldn't have afforded the tickets. I listened to symphonic and choral music on the radio and bought CD's. For a variety of reasons, including a busy lifestyle, it remains the primary way I enjoy that music. But last night, at that concert more than any other, I realized what I miss about a live performance. During the Vaughan Williams Serenade to Music that closed the concert, I was lost to the beauty of the piece and I thought back to all the other times I'd heard it... on the radio or on what I think is the urlLink classic recording by the LSO and Sir Adrian Boult . Last night was the first time I'd seen it performed, and I was so moved to see such beautiful sounds coming from real human voices and hands holding instruments. What an odd moment! And yet, it's easy to forget that when you rarely go to a live concert, or when most of the other music that you hear every days was created on software designed to sound like this. Wrapped in the music, this will be a night long remembered. -----

 I plan to keep today's post short. I'm catching up on reading today... portions of books, a week's worth of handwringing over former Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill, updates from Iowa where the polls show a significant Dean slippage, Foreign Affairs, etc. I'll throw in an episode of Charlie Rose and urlLink Juan Cole was on Newshour with Jim Lehrer last night. Cole is brilliant. I'll pull it up on Replay. I'm also writing a little piece on the Iowa Caucuses. We'll call it an appreciation. Watch for it here on Monday. I might break my rule on lower carb eating and have a big breakfast this morning, one of those frittatas that's as big as your head. I'll go easy on the hash browns. On the other hand, I might stick to my 2 eggs/cottage cheese breakfast at home because tonight is going to be big. urlLink Hill Auditorium is re-opening after a giant renovation. Caruso called it acoustically perfect in his day and it's truly a marvel. So tonight is historic and the social event of the season for Ann Arborites-- the equivalent of Carnegie Hall, I suppose. My best friend is going with, and we've already had at least one Queer Eye conversation. Others to follow. And let's begin with dinner at one of the city's urlLink newest restaurants , where we'll spill an absurd amount of money dining with another couple joining us for the concert. I love this, can't you tell? But I love another kind of existence, too... hanging out last night at the cafe for 4 hours shooting the shit with the regulars, unshaven, dressed in a grungy A&F muscle shirt and jeans, drinking coffee, sharing stories, laughing. Talk about cheap, great fun. I walked across the street from the loft with a pile of magazines and books and after 4 hours didn't touch one of them. What a cool way to start the weekend.

 I am from Iowa. I participated in the caucuses when I lived there. Howard Dean was right. The caucuses are hyper-overblown, undemocratic, an example of what is wrong with American politics - not a delightful gathering in homes where partisans try to lure the undecided to their candidate with cookies. Oh wait a minute, that has happened.

 I just watched the Sundance airing of the documentary "Paul Monette: The Brink of Summer's End." It ran earlier this month and if you haven't seen it , I highly recommend looking for it the next time it comes around on Sundance. (Who's our favorite urlLink Sundance kid ?) I believe I saw some of this documentary a couple years ago and I'm not even sure I watched the whole thing at the time. This time, it was riveting. It's funny that something you barely took the time to acknowledge just a short while back takes on great importance with the passage of time. I think to some extent, I wasn't ready to face the images of someone dying from AIDS, even someone who held on as long as Monette did. This time, engaged in the multitasking which plagues me, I set everything aside and watched, not turning away from Monette's deterioration. To my knowledge, there are no photographs of my uncle in the days and weeks before he succumbed to AIDS in 1992. So as I watched Monette wither and those bright eyes go blind, I thought of my uncle and the end of his life that my family so carefully shielded us from. Also with time, I've felt a growing desire to understand gay experience. Yes, I'm experiencing it myself, but how did Monette experience it? How did men live in the urlLink Gay New York of the early 20th century? What about the lives of the great gay and lesbian writers of modern times? What about the lives of Aaron Copland, Virgil Thomson, Henry Cowell, David Diamond, John Cage and Ned Rorem and other great American composers whose works fill my CD library? How did those gay men live in their times? What compromises did they make and what victories did they enjoy? Gay history is a hidden history but it's not been entirely lost. Authors like urlLink John Boswell , urlLink James McCourt , urlLink George Chauncey and others had unearthed all kinds of gay histories, largely the stories of ordinary people. Their work shows up the simplistic view of Oppression-Stonewall-Liberation that is our popular narrative. I guess I bring this up because, after seeing the Monette documentary, I can't help but think of the histories that were wiped out when AIDS obliterated one or two generations of gay men. urlLink Neil Bartlett writes that homosexuals are flowers. "They blossom in the form of works of art." Before I was even aware of who I am, AIDS killed thousands of men who could have shown me through their art and lives. Of course, the works they did create before disease took them are still with us. Paul Monette's urlLink greatest work came after the virus had already started dismantling his body's defenses. He received the gift of time before AIDS took him... and he presented that gift to us and readers yet to come.

 I could almost get used to all this extra sleep I'm getting. I'm averaging 7 hours a night this week. How about that, kids? I won't tell you what's not getting done because I'm going to bed early -- and no, I'm not talking about masturbation or sex. But thanks for the concern. I haven't read one newspaper since Monday, so obviously, I'll need to shift other activities around to accomodate this "intrusion" of sleep into my schedule. M and I met up after class last night for dinner and drinks and dish. Not necessarily in that order. I presented him with the "couple comprised of three" concept that I wrote about here this week. We agreed that in principle it's a cool idea. But as I wrote here the other day, it's hard enough to find one guy who's a good match for a boyfriend-- much less two. It didn't stop us from having fun with the thought experiment, constructing the ideal "family" with people and webloggers we know. urlLink You were on the list, so you better pack up and move out here now. By the way, every time I write about anything like this, I get email from people accusing me of a complete lack of moral standards, of engaging in "horrifying" threesomes, of being the "stereotypical gay man." I got two more of those emails this week. Here's the deal, readers: I will talk about whatever the fuck I want to talk about. I've been nice, I've tried to be reasonable in replies to those emails, but I've had enough. This weblog is about things I want to talk about. If I want to talk about the leather community, abortion, fisting, threesomes, or anything else some individuals may find distasteful... I can. You are free to read it or not and you are free to agree or disagree. But don't berate me for writing about a topic and don't assume that my writing about a topic is my endorsement of it. In short, let's be intelligent adults. The shift in my schedule this week-- extra sleep and the extra reading time required for class-- has left me feeling dangerously uninformed. Like most of us, I hear NPR in the morning, so it's not like I'm unaware there's a Mars Rover, or that I mistakenly believe it's actually Karl Rove on Mars (although I wouldn't mind that.) But the newspapers are what I've missed reading this week. I know that newspapers aren't complete, that important stories fall through the cracks either because of other bigger stories, or ignorance, negligence, conspiracy. But I love the general feeling of "knowing" that I get when I finish a newspaper and lay it down. I don't get that from the radio, TV, or even online. And maybe that's the old fashioned part of me. Oddly enough, I'm not holding the paper. I'm reading a electronic copy of it. But there's still an old fashioned feeling about seeing the page and the fonts and type sizes and the little stories stuffed in the corners. Reading on the web isn't the same. Everyone should go see "The Fog of War." I think I wrote about it here before. It's not made it to Detroit/Ann Arbor yet, which is unusual. It won't be here till next weekend, and only for 3 days so it looks like I'll see that one in DC. That, and "The Battle of Algiers," which is showing at the new urlLink Landmark E St Cinema . Any DC readers been there yet?

 We're expecting snow today, the second snow event of the winter season. Since I've already written about the urlLink first one , I won't ramble on. It will be 5-7 inches of snow where I live, which is a moderate amount. It was expected to start sometime overnight, but that hasn't happened. And now, this morning's forecast says "snow today." Apparently, forecasting is becoming less like prediction and more like a Homeland Security terror alert, which boils down to "something might happen or maybe it won't." The risk of snow is "Elevated" and later today it might be "High." The risk of me not finishing the reading for my class today is "High" unless I get busy. There's a trip to Washington booked for next week. I'm looking forward to it, since the last time I was there was way back in July. I miss DC. A lot. Perhaps it's more correct to say I miss a city. Not any big city. Let's put it this way: I miss living in a northeastern city that is a center of power. That whittles it down to New York City and Washington. I wrote a couple years ago here that I felt my time in this reasonably-sized, relatively cultured midwestern college town was about up and as time goes on, I feel it more than ever. I'm not sure why I feel this way, except that I've always wanted to be near the center of things. So like a Leo, right? Whatever. I want to be near decisionmakers, policymakers, opinion leaders... people who are doing things that have a wide-ranging impact on other people's lives. Now, you can find people like that everywhere, but in a bigger city like DC, the sheer number is overwhelming compared to Muncie, Indiana, for instance. hmmm... this isn't going the way I want it to. I'm finding it hard to explain why it is that I feel drawn to a city like DC. Let me try it this way: painting a picture of the kind of life I'd like to live, something we all do quite often. Here's my "American dream:" A high profile media job in Washington, DC; a condo in a cool townhouse on the northern edge of the Dupont Circle neighborhood, with the subway close by, the grocery store a few blocks down the street, no car... oh, and of course, a puppy. The thing about that dream is that it's not impossible. I'm not trying to become an astronaut or a world-famous surgeon. What I want is generally attainable. But what I think I've done for a long time is think about the dream without taking much action to see how that might be possible. I've also been slow to act because I'm generally happy with life as it is. To the extent that I can, I've created my own little urban oasis in my own city with a loft downtown, across the street from a cafe, bakeshop, jazz club, general store around the corner, bus stop in front of my window. But all the pieces aren't in place. For instance, more people. Kind of hard to make that up. And power, the intangible. I want to be closer to people who are writing and thinking important things and while there are some out here, there are more there . I think the gay part of me (and that's a large part) reaches out to the city, too. I want to be around more people like me and more who aren't like me at all. The Gay Ghetto beckons, not because I plan to take part in some poor sap's stereotypical nightmare of Gay Life-- too many circuit parties, too many drugs, too much sex, too much shallowness-- but because I am an urban being. I will never live in a quiet suburb away from downtown where there are no sidewalks. I'll never own a ranch-style home. I'd rather not own a car anymore. I don't even really want a summer home in the Hamptons or a time share in Rehoboth. I want a condo in a cool Washington neighborhood. Some people dream like this and then use it as fodder for depression about why they're not there. I don't. In fact, dreaming my desired future in this way not only helps me decide what I want to strive for; it also helps me discover the kind of person I am. Which is probably why writing about these thoughts always comes across as flat. This little essay seems merely aspirational to a reader; perhaps absurd. That's my fault. I've run out of words to describe the essence of myself and the person I want to become.

 He's a ghost from my past. We broke up a year ago... ended all ties in June. And now he's back. Yesterday, I stopped at the bar to grab a bite to eat between classes and there he was, in the corner, having a drink with a friend. It's alright. We share many of the same friends and hangouts. We're thrown together often, for events and when we socialize in public. All is perfectly civil, if quite chilly. I slipped into a seat at the opposite end of the restaurant. A couple minutes later, he slid in next to me to say a word about his seven year old son. Whenever I hear his name, the sun comes out from behind the clouds. The boy asks about me, wonders where I am. What to say? I feel like we're a divorce case or something. Well, this is probably the way it is when there's a breakup involving a child. Would I want to hang out with the kid sometime soon... see a movie? You bet your ass. "Then why don't we get together to talk about that this week," he said. Fuck. Do I have to go through one to get to the other? I don't feel guilty or even a little bad for what happened last year. I've already written here that only two things bother me: that I had to end a friendship as well as a relationship; and that I was so naive and stupid as to have entered that doomed-from-the-beginning relationship in the first place. Last summer, I walked out out of the room and closed the door on all that shit. The room is quiet now. Inside, one's eyes grow accustomed to the gloom. Sheets cover all the furniture; the conceit being that it must be protected so it can be used again. All is quiet. But there are ghosts... of myself, my ex-boyfriend, our life together, his son. Am I ready to open the door and began the inventory of what's inside? It's not a question of going back to the relationship. I tried that before. But the question has always been whether the broken friendship could be mended. I've always said yes, in time. Is it time? There's another alternative - hashing it out in stages, allowing friendship to return slowly. Is now the right time for that? I'm not entirely sure.

 I rarely have trouble sleeping. In recent years, I've carefully crafted a strategy of depriving myself of sleep at every turn. I've discovered that regularly sleeping 2-3 hours a night does wonders for insomnia. Now, the problem is that I'm getting more sleep. A good 8-10 hours a night over the weekend, for instance, does weird things to me on Sunday night. I had to be up late last night to do some freelance work from 11:30pm-1:30am. I thought about a nap in the evening, but I wasn't tired enough to drift off. So I stayed up, finished my work by 1:45am and came home to bed. But sleep didn't come home to me. I closed my eyes, opened them, shifted around, opened the lapper and read a few weblogs (noting urlLink CoolRelax's return, btw), watched a little Internet porno movie, which wasn't hot but apparently was hot enough for the lapper's nearly depleted battery, closed the laptop, lay back in bed and waited for sleep. By 3:30am, I was a little disgusted since I now had a grand total of one hour available to me before I needed to get up. But every time I closed my eyes, I could feel sleep encroaching, but my brain wouldn't calm down. Finally, I drifted off to sleep sometime around 4am, only to be awakened by the alarm at 4:40am. Well, that was restful. The thing is, I'm not tired. I feel fine. I'm at work, in a reasonably productive state. I think that as I've been increasing my sleep to an average of 6 hours a night, my body has been in this weird transitional state. It craves the additional sleep and I feel much better. But it's also accustomed to operating on far less, so after a weekend of particularly good sleep, it assumes it's had all it's going to get. Who knows? Spending a lot of time trying to understand the rich depths of my brain seems like a fool's errand. Oh, so here's what I thought about while I was laying (lying?) awake. Why date just one guy? Why not be in a relationship with two? urlLink Redpoy has something similar to that. I have another friend who has done that. Has anyone else tried that kind of a relationship? I'm not talking about a couple that has threesomes. I'm talking about 3 guys romantically and sexually involved with each other-- perhaps "monogamously," perhaps not. There aren't many, I'm sure. It's hard enough to find one guy you like and can get along with, much less a third guy that both of you like and can get along with. But it does happen. I'm intrigued, not merely because of the sexy fun which ensues (although Redpoy and company are urlLink hot ), but how it changes the dynamic of a relationship. Maybe it was the ramblings of a sleep-deprived mind, but I like this idea even though I may not commence a search anytime soon for a Couple Plus One. However, if urlLink you ever move to Ann Arbor, look us up. I know the root of this idea of mine. I went to the urlLink bar for dinner last night and had a long conversation with my good friend, T, who was holding court when I arrived. He and I talk a lot about relationships and last night he reflected on his, I on mine. We talked about what it is we're after in pursuing a relationship. Is it marriage or its equivalent? A long-term monogamous relationship? It's what my parents and millions of their generation have done, and it's the most readily available template for a relationship that I have. But is it what I want? Do I embrace the majority model and show heterosexual society that I'm normal just like them and all I want is a happy, married life just like them? Or do I embrace the "strangeness" of being gay? Is the love that two men have for each other fundamentally different from the love of a man and a woman? Sometimes, I find myself wanting a gay version of the traditional happy life of married monogamy. Other times, I feel that life isn't that simple, even for the heteros among us. And while traditional model has many benefits and is appropriate for many, what about me? I've kind of lost interest in discussing whether or not monogamy is a good thing. What interests me more is the other ways in which gay relationships don't have to be traditional. Thinking about all of this could keep me up many more nights, methinks.

 OK so I didn't get around to "The Magic Mountain" last night. I plan to tonight. My friend and I dropped by the bar for some pal time on Friday night. We started out with rum and ciders and then, feeling all warm inside, asked for the "Bartender's Surprise." Erin cooked up a potent but smooth mix of vodka and pineapple juice and one or two other ingredients that I would have remembered if I hadn't gotten so buzzed from consuming said drink. It was a California Long Island, I think. At 36, I need a really good reason to get drunk anymore, so it was a light buzz . But I was feeling good as we sailed out of the bar and I returned to the loft. I may not have read a book last night but I still had a particular kind of Friday night that I haven't enjoyed in a long time. I caught up on the papers at the cafe next door, then around 10pm I returned to the loft and watched TV-- everything from the Mummy Documentary of the Week on Discovery Times to part of Halloween 5 on AMC. By the time I sank naked underneath the cool sheets, I remembered why I enjoyed those kinds of Fridays so rarely now: I used to endure and dread them all the time years ago before I was out of the closet, before there was an Internet, before there were more than 30 cable channels. Ten years of abundant friends, dates, boyfriends, multichannel entertainment, online hookups, etc have reshaped my once uncomplicated life. But it's nice to go back every once in a while. Saturday dawned, but I put off my entry onto the stage until about 10am. Light workout, shower postponed until 2pm. On the relaxation scale, this weekend is a 10. I started into "The End of Evil" by David Frum and Richard Perle today. I don't intend to read the whole thing but it arrived on Monday and all week I've been hearing a string a rather poorly conducted interviews with both guys on NPR and elsewhere. I just watched the Charlie Rose interview today and it was the best of the bunch, by far. Perhaps because Charlie kept the Perle to Frum ratio about 3 to 1. David got hardly any face time which kept the conversation on a relatively high level. My personal foreign policy, as if anyone cares besides me, has a hefty dose of realism. But I don't the see the world as they do and even at this early stage in their book, that's becoming clear to me. It's not only a difference about how and when to project American power; its simply not seeing the world in as dark a hue as them. That sounds funny, I know. The world is a dark place, with terrorism a part of the "new" reality, post 9/11. But the fact is, that the more I read them, the more I'm annoyed at their obsession with the presence of this "evil" in the world, which they seem to define widely to include anything at odds with American interests. I just don't think it's that stark. Now, Saturday night at 8pm, there will be no clubbing, no hanging with friends, nothing tonight except for me and my book and my vanila soy latte.

 The weekend is here and like every other one, there will be a Friday night, a Saturday and a Sunday. But for the first time in probably 2 years, it's going to be different. It's going to be quiet. Without intrusions of events, circumstances, contigencies, occasions. It's going to be me. Friends and boyfriends... parties and movies... are all great. I enjoy them and need them. But for me at least, there's something almost primal about a weekend without commitments. It's not as though I've had something every single week for two years. It's hard to explain, but this is the first weekend in two years where I won't feel a weight on my shoulders. What does that mean? I don't know. A burden, an unresolved issue-- the elephant in the room that I must deal with at some point but for now I'll try to ignore. The elephants are gone I guess. So what will I do? Tonight, I'm going to read a book at the cafe. I haven't read a long work of fiction since I finished my multi-year project to read Proust in 2003. In fact, I don't think I've read any fiction since then. And so I'll pick up Thomas Mann's urlLink The Magic Mountain , a gift to me from a good friend last summer. Handing me the book as a birthday gift, the friend said I'd like the words and the expansive ideas Mann explores. I'd revel in contemplation, just as I did reading Proust's words, composed in his bedroom a century ago. And so I hope I will. Being the uber (dot-dot) Type A literalist individual that I am, I concentrate all of my reading time on facts-- The Washington Post, The New York Times, Foreign Affairs, Foreign Policy, The New Republic and on and on. I can't read fiction and truly enjoy it unless my heart and mind are in the right place. After a few months of effort, there's now at least a measure of calm surrounding me. And so, if all goes well, I'll take my thick Mann paperback to the cafe and immerse myself in another world of ideas.

 Um... I hardly know what to say after reading that Madonna is endorsing Wesley Clark. I saw it on urlLink Waremouse's weblog a few minutes ago and then found the boilerplate email from the campaign in my inbox. I get leery when celebrities make endorsements. But it's mainly because they often make ridiculous endorsements-- promoting Yahoo Serious for President; or they promote a perfectly legitimate environmental cause, but their stand on the issue is so wacky that they do more harm than good. In the email from the Clark campaign, she, or someone, writes "The simple truth is that the current administration has squandered incredible opportunities to bring the world together, to promote peace in regions that have only known war, to encourage health in places that are ravaged with disease, to make us more secure by living up to our principles at home and abroad. The simple truth is that the policies of our current administration do not reflect what is great about America." Not too bad. It may not be worth all that much, but what the hell? I'm sure there's a "Madonna Fans For Clark" Meet-Up group somewhere that's excited about this. It goes along with some recent good news in the polls for the Clark campaign. The Kerry Campaign, in search of a pulse these days, should go after Beyonce.

 I meant to post more yesterday... another best intention. But then there was work and the gym and the first day of class and then me and my friend Matt grabbed some dinner and bitched and gossiped. Ahhh... it's so nice to have him back. He and his boyfriend were in SoCal for a week, celebrating New Year's and watching Michigan get creamed in the Rose Bowl. (I saved the $450 ticket and watched the shellacking at home.) So both of us had saved up a good deal of bitching and gossiping that we spewed almost continuously throughout dinner. I'm surprised we managed to eat. No loss, the food wasn't that good. We had gone to an Italian restaurant I hadn't been to in about 2 years, maybe 3. But Food Network did a little piece on it Monday and I thought it was worth a second try. Turns out, I had forgotten how annoying the tomato sauce is. Very acidic, with a taste that's paper thin as it passes over the tongue. I added some sugar and that cut it a little. But it was a wholly disappointing experience. Especially since my friend Chris has spoiled me forever with a beautifully crafted sauce with a perfect balance of acidic and sweet notes, with the zestiness of red wine. He's worked on it for a long time, and the sauce literally leaps across your palate. I won't even compare his gnocchi to the bland restaurant version. Oh well... $20 a plate with appetizer, wine. Not a big loss. Just a huge disappointment. OK... several of you have written asking about the syllabus for the Contemporary Gay Male Fiction class I mentioned yesterday. The semester looks really good. We'll read the following books, and as you can see, they're not all contemporary: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Who Was That Man? A Present for Mr. Oscar Wilde by Neil Bartlett &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Angels in America: A Gay Fantasia on National Themes by Tony Kushner &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Swimming Pool Library by Alan Hollinghurst &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Edward the Second by Christopher Marlowe &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink At Swim, Two Boys by Jamie O'Neill &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Slow Water by Annamarie Jagose &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Mr. Clive and Mr. Page by Neil Bartlett &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink American Studies by Mark Merlis &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Memoirs of Hadrian by Marguerite Yourcenar &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink As Meat Loves Salt by Maria McCann Interesting selection, huh? We have a movie night each week, as well. Here's the video list for the semester: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The Dead Boy's Club &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Watermelon Woman &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Before Stonewall &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Looking for Langston &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Voices from the Front &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Edward II &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Einstein of Sex &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Maurice &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Head On &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Satyricon (yes, Fellini!) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Poison &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Rope (yes, Hitchcock!) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Swoon &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Lilies &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink If... I'm excited!

 I'm going to audit another class this semester. Frequent readers of this weblog (the unemployed) remember that last semester I audited the now infamous "How To Be Gay" course at the University of Michigan, which was a great exploration of gay identification and gay identity-- how gay men have appropriated elements of hetero culture for themselves. The class was a success, enjoyable, thought-provoking... well worth the effort. So this semester, I'm going to take the professor's course exploring contemporary gay male fiction. If nothing else, it will be a good chance to brush up on my weak gay fiction background. But past experience tells me the class will be better than that. I'm looking forward to it! I'll talk more about the syllabus later today. Off to work and then the gym and class. I'll put more on your screen later.

 When the predicted snowstorm doesn't come, do people take all that milk and bread back to the store? The weather screamers on TV and the more calm forecasts from the weather service predicted heavy snowfall for my part of the world Saturday night into Sunday. The predicted amounts rose to as much as 12 inches expected by Sunday afternoon. There was a thrill in the air on Saturday... the first big snowfall of the season! The first big storm, the first opportunity to shut oneself inside with hot cocoa, a few DVD's, a good book, a warm fire... oh and a window because you'd want to be inside all warm and cozy looking out into the swirl of white. The standard trips to the store followed. You'd think we were about to experience a new Ice Age, or do people really consume that much bread and milk?? Like, together? Whatever. So we're all ready for the snow. Bring on the snow. We went to eat at an Ethiopean restaurant, knowing that by the time we finished, it would be snowing. Dinner done, no snow. Home, to check the forecast. The channel 7 meteorologist is practically incoherent, on his knees, babbling through tears about the oncoming snow. Over on channel 4, the reporter is demonstrating how to slit your wrists should the storm be too much to handle. On channel 2, a reporter stands beside the freeway, showing how difficult it was for cars to drive safely through the no-show snow. Off to bed. Sunday morning, I slept in till 11am. When there's a civilization-ending blizzard, you're allowed to ignore the alarm clock. I got up and open the curtains. Hmmm.... no snow on the deck. Not one flake. A check of the forecast revealed a much lower snow expectation, 5-7 inches. And when was it expected? Soon. The weather service said "this afternoon and tonight." And sure enough, around 3pm a light snow began to fall. At last!! I thought about having a large meal of bread and milk, but I don't like milk and I'm watching my carbs so I grabbed my computer and bookbag and zipped across the street to the cafe to get a latte and read the newspapers. For a while, the snow looked like it was going to live up to expectations. Visibility dropped, the snow swirled in the wind, my cellphone started beeping with text messages about traffic accidents. Then, around 7pm, the snow tapered off. Union mandated break? Not sure. I got up early the next morning and was greeted by a grand total of 2 inches of snow. Now this wasn't counting drifts. The drifts in the corner of my deck topped 3 inches. People don't seem to be too pissed about the forecasting mistake. In fact, I think the only thing that gets people really mad is underpredicting snow. But what struck me as strange was everybody sticking to the forecast, even as the storm dematerialized around us. It was devotion to a truth equalled only by a group of supply-siders.

 urlLink Waremouse , that smart and sexy thing, had a few and then grabbed the mic at Green Lantern urlLink last night . He reports singing a timeless classic. There were few, if any, casualties. Speaking of the Green Latrine, my friend Chris has long been formulating a plan to visit each of DC's skankiest gay bars once. The list includes Green Lantern, Mr. P's, Fireplace and one or two others. The problem is, I've already been to each one of those bars. Once. Does this make me skanky? Perhaps partially skanky. But we all need a little skank in our lives, right?

 You know when it's working, and you know when it isn't. That's what my friends say when we talk about dating. It's a gut feeling that bears out when you consider all the hard data. It's the essence of one's thoughts about compatibility in bed, similarities in outlook on life, educations, likes and dislikes, tastes in music and books, political outlook, and the list goes on. In no relationship do all of these factors come together perfectly. Is there a tipping point, where so many of them have to coalesce? Or is there less a certain number that you must rack up, and more a set of particular pieces that must be in the puzzle? I like this analogy: if you build a little house out of wooden blocks, what are the pieces you can't remove without the whole thing tumbling in? That's the way it would be with an already developed relationship. If pieces started dropping out, sooner or later a pivotal piece would give way and bring the whole thing down. If any of the pivotal pieces aren't there as a relationship is just beginning, then nothing substantial gets built. What are the pivotal pieces? Or do you even get this far as you evaluate your own situation? Does the gut feeling count for all? A friend of mine has a gut feeling about where his relationship is going. And as I hear him talk... things don't sound good.

 As I get older, if there's any kind of hangover that I still experience, it's called The Return to Work After Vacation. I'm lethargic, cranky, chained to my desk not so much by my workload but because of my lack of interest in getting up to see if anyone else has work for me. I could take a Motrin to calm the pangs of ennui (hmm... pangs of ennui) but I'd rather just walk out the door. It's hardest when New Year's falls on a Thursday. I don't take the next day off even though every time it rolls around, I think afterward that I should have done just that. My workday is actually half over, even though most people are just beginning at this moment, and that makes my complaining twice as annoying, I think. This holiday vacation was less satisfying than most. This "wintery mix" of cold/chills/sore throat etc didn't keep me in bed the whole time but I took these really long 4-6 hour naps during many of the days, which has a way of blowing giant holes in plans for friends or even just uninterrupted reading. Having said that, I did get some extra reading done and the bf and I spent some extra time together Monday. And I still got my gym time in. I'm probably going to DC for an extended weekend in late January. It's time to spend a few days with Chris and his boyfriend and other friends, see the city and read books and stuff. I think this is going to be a trip without the boyfriend. This is often a touchy subject with couples. I think my boyfriend will get along with it. Frankly, he'll have to. I'm such a bitch! I don't mean to come off that way. We talked about the idea in principle back when we first started dating and he seemed amenable to it at the time. I think this trip will be the first time to put it into practice. I don't expect much of a fuss. Plus, I'll be the good boyfriend and suggest trip together at the same time-- probably to Toronto or Chicago. Relationships don't have to be like America's relations with North Korea. And mine isn't. But I move carefully sometimes to protect the bf's feelings, since he's more of the "I'm happiest only when I'm with you" kinds of people. I'm more of the bastard of the two of us.

 We drank a bottle of champagne last night. Slowly. But still not slow enough to prevent the onslaught of the headache from hell a few minutes into '04. But the perversity of it all. I couldn't sleep for nearly 2 hours afterward. CBC was showing Dogma, so I watched a big chunk of the movie before calling it a night. I'd forgotten how fun it was. Motrin has been my drug of choice the past month or so in fighting the golfer's elbow that plagues my left arm. And it came in handy with the headache. Then, I wake up this morning with a sore throat that morphs its way into a fever that lasts most of the day even as I try to sleep it off. What the fuck? When will all this shit let up? I've had it easier than many blogger friends, huddled in blankets with cups of TheraFlu, their holidays thoroughly marred if not ruined. I've just been inconvenienced. Speaking of marred, if not ruined, I'm watching the Rose Bowl. But as the SoCal score rises and Michigan falls further behind, I find I'm looking away more often. I go Hot Body Shopping on BigMuscle. I'll have those pecs, those abs, those shoulders, that ass, that dick, and that pair of smoldering eyes. I can't change my eyes or dick. Easily. But I can resolve to make other changes. Not that I'm a big fan of resolutions. In fact, I didn't make resolutions until 1998 on an earlier version of this weblog. I can't remember what they were. Uh oh... is that a good thing? When I brought up the subject of resolutions last night at dinner, my boyfriend, Mr. Self Help, said "I don't make resolutions." And launched into an explanation about the general futility of it all, while me eyes glazed over. But I'm used to this. When he finished, I said, "Uh huh. I'm resolving to send holiday cards next year." He smiled, knowing he lost this round of our back-and-forth, giving each other shit routine. I do subscribe to the notion that a lot of our resolution-making might be a meaningless exercise. Every January, I watch good intentioned souls younger than me with flab and love handles line up at the gym to buy their membership. I know they'll crowd the weights for a month and then disappear, only to return in a year. Or not. I feel bad because I'm sure they feel bad. Speaking of defeats, I resolved last year to read an extra book a month. Didn't happen, to say the least. But it's not all about failure. I wanted to put on about 15 pounds of muscle last year, and I did. I think I made one of those vague resolutions about taking greater control of my life and free time, or some such mush. But, looking back, I think I succeeded. I explored more of life, met some cool guys, had some great sex, began feeding my long and latent interest in foreign policy. Alright, enough of the review. What do I want to do this year? Can my small-boned 5'9" frame support another 5-10 pounds of lean and defined muscle without looking too big? I'd like to find out. Here we go again: one extra book read every month for pleasure. More consistent and complete reading of the Post and the Times every day. I want to host something regularly on national television. I'm going to get a dog by the end of the year. That's enough. Five resolutions is plenty. Given my record, it might be three too many. Oh yeah, and that one about the holiday cards. That counts, too.

 ... as it arrives here in the eastern time zone, best to all of you!!

 It's Sunday, it's Leap... um, Day... or Sunday. Well, whatever. Try not to wet your pants while watching this spoof of the urlLink State of the Union Address from our own heel of a President, George W. Bush.

 What a wondrous world we live in. At 1pm today, I was standing in the sunlight on Church Street in Toronto and at 6pm, I'm back home at my favorite Chinese restaurant ordering Yu-shan Eggplant. I had a good time with my est-crazed housemates at the B&B in Toronto. I basically accomplished this by staying away from them. At breakfast the first day, one of them politely asked what I did and after I tried as best I could to explain the position that I occupy, I got looks which indicated that at least two of them thought I might be a terrorist. Or perhaps just a traitor. They weren't rubes in from Saskatoon, but they all had an uncosmopolitan feel to them. I decided not to engage them on the subject of gay marriage. I was congenial but I had little contact with them, since they spent all day and much of the evening at sessions, drinking the kool-aid. I, on the other hand, roamed through the Greek community, and I don't mean the bathhouses. I drank a lot of coffee, read a big chunk of the big book I took with me, added a henley type shirt to my Roots clothing collection, and nearly bought a new pair of Skechers, but decided not to at the last minute. I didn't go clubbing this time. There didn't seem to be any point to it, since I was alone and I'm not great at turning what looks like desperation to my advantage. I did see "The Fog of War" a second time, and was more enthralled (if that's possible) the second time than the first. I think it's a remarkable documentary and I hope it does well at the Oscars tonight even though I have no intention of watching them. I've checked and I will be the only person on the planet not watching the Oscars, with the exception of some people in Haiti and Mr. and Mrs. Henry Clamtramp in Dismal Seepage, Missouri, who will be watching a rented copy of "Yentl."

 The other 6 residents at the B&B this weekend are here for an est seminar, "The Landmark Forum." So I spent 30 minutes at breakfast making small talk with people looking to "pop" this weekend... etc. It's hard to make small talk when what you think they're discussing is a load of shit. But then, I might be too cynical. I've certainly been accused of that before. My big book for the weekend is still largely unread but it's just the beginning of the weekend, right? :) I can see this idea of going somewhere else to get work done might not pan out. Oh, except that I did go somewhere else to spend the weekend, so that is an accomplishment in and of itself, even if nothing else gets taken care of. My pal Gavin emailed and he's in town this weekend, so I might have breakfast with him on Sunday morning before my flight back.

 Dinner at 7 West and now over to have a cup of coffee and read for a while. Fog of War is showing at 9:30pm and although I've already been to see it once back home, I might just go see it again because sometimes when you're away from regular life you're able to concentrate better and watching a movie like that when you have more free brain cells to devote to it is a good thing. Linda, the woman who runs the bed & breakfast where I'm staying, seems nice enough. I'm staying in a room called "Sun" something or "Queen" something. I'm not sure of the title she's given to it, but it's a bright yellow color that will wake the dead. I feel like I'm staying in someone's daughter's room... carefully preserved even though their beloved daughter left years ago for college and then got married, and years later, she returns home to see her mom and goes upstairs and opens the door and looks at the room, rolling her eyes that her mom has kept everything the same and then she closes the door again and goes back downstairs to chide her mother for creating a shrine. The room is more than adequate and even though there is no TV, I can get along without the channel-flipping which is my regular habit at hotels. A total waste of time. Ideally, this means I should make more than the expected rate of progress in the book I've brought with me. This is a theory which I plan to test carefully this weekend.

 A long annoying conversation with my friend Mark, which ended mercifully when my cell battery was almost dead and he needed to get on the Metro. Mark has the ability to argue endlessly against a point of view and then next day, adopt that point of view and then seem almost surprised that you noticed. Today for the first time, he recognized that I noticed and I almost wanted to drive home the point and say thank you but decided against it. In the past week, I've become a major advocate for him and Joe getting back together. The nasty part of me thinks they're made for each other, with their endless, roundabout arguments that regularly devolve into minute discussions of word-choice. The other reason is more above-board: a part of Mark doesn't want to end that relationship. Tuesday I told him I thought this was the case and Joe's idea of going to a counselor was a good one that might help them get back together. He was exceedingly pissed and the next day, offered a litany reasons why I was wrong and why there was no question in his mind that they had to break up. I wasn't buying it. And now, here we are, a day after the first counseling session and now at last he admits that the uncertainty exists in his mind and he needs to proceed with living by himself but he needs to work on giving Joe a chance. What bothers me is his lack of honesty about how he's feeling... not only with me but also with Joe. It does no one any good, and yet he persists in this pattern of saying 2-3 different things depending on when you talk to him. Now, I don't think this is an intrinsic dishonesty on his part. I think he's under a great deal of stress and his brain is a big mess right now. The problem is, he's trying to make pronouncements to one and all about where he is with all of this, when this is the time to be quiet with the rest of us and devote his time to introspection and lots of conversation with Joe-- ideally, with a professional counselor there, too. Cutting myself off from the idea of dating him isn't that hard. I hadn't considered it a possibility in the short-term anyway. Plus, the past couple weeks watching him flail around has left me profoundly annoyed with him and unwilling to take anything he says at face value. The hard part for me is this: he and I are very close and I think I need to step away from the mess - far away from it - so as not to influence him, especially because I think both Mark and Joe actually want to work out their differences and reforge some kind of relationship.

 There's been a lot of anger unleashed on President Bush in the past few days over his decision to support an amendment banning gay marriage. Of course, we shouldn't be surprised that he would do such a thing. He would avoid it if he could, but faced with re-election prospects that are shaky, it's a perfect issue to shore up the conservative base. This is how Bush and Karl Rove have maneuvered from the very beginning. The country is so polarized right now that a small number of states and a very small number of constituencies could make the difference in November. So, throughout the Bush administration, we've seen Bush throw crumbs to states and constituencies that he feels he must win. Gay marriage is one of the latest, but there's also last night's decision to keep US pleasure boats out of Cuba, the steel tariffs- first imposing them to please one group and then lifting them to please another, and the decision to restore agriculture subsidies. I think many political advisors would recommend this course of action to shore up one's support, considering the current political climate. But we have to see it for what it is-- a pattern of actions designed to lightly benefit others but mainly to benefit the politician's chances for re-election. In the case of the gay marriage ban, Bush has chosen a course of action that even puts Republican lawmakers at a disadvantage because many of them are uncomfortable with a putting such a ban in the Constitution. Doesn't matter to Bush, though. The most important thing to him right now is saving his own ass. Every man for himself. By the way, there's a good article on urlLink swing voters from a recent issue of The Atlantic Monthly.

 You're Bosnia-Herzegovina! You've just been through a big tragedy. &nbsp;You weren't sure you were going to make it at all. &nbsp;Now that you have, there's a lot to pick back up in your life, and not enough people are helping you. &nbsp;You just wanted a little more freedom, a chance to be away from those who thought poorly of you. &nbsp;Now it's time to build up some confidence, and it looks like you have a good chance at that. &nbsp;But you'll need a lot of therapy. Take the urlLink Country Quiz at the Blue Pyramid via urlLink Chrisafer

 A long talk with Mark last night about how things are going with Joe, his ex. I've been playing the hardass lately, telling him to shit or get off the pot. They broke up two weeks ago, the situation is rapidly deteriorating, and he's still living at the house even though he has arrangements to live with his mom nearby. In other words, everything is ready but he won't make the move. This wouldn't be a bad thing except that he's not fully communicating with Joe about his intentions. So when Mark delays, Joe, who wants to get back together, interprets the delay in a way that raises his hopes. Mark didn't help things last week by sleeping with him again. The point here isn't to force them to break up. What I'm trying to encourage Mark to do is truthfully communicate his intentions to Joe. If you really think the relationship is fully over, then say that's how you feel. Don't do the other guy the disservice of misleading him. If you're uncertain about breaking up, cool. Communicate the uncertainty and talk about it. But don't act like you're not certain in front of your ex when you tell everyone else you are certain. I think you owe it to your partner or ex-partner to be as truthful as you possibly can be, especially when you're breaking up or thinking about breaking up. The stress level is so high, one's hopes are so much in jeopardy. Don't make it worse. I have the easy part. I play the role of best friend and pontificate. Mark has to decide what he'll do.

 There have been whispers for weeks that President Bush would ask for a constitutional amendment banning same sex marriage. But you can be certain he never would have come out in support of such a thing unless he absolutely needed it for re-election. The issue is strongly divisive, even within the Republican party. Josh Marshall does excellent work, parsing out the urlLink political consequences for various wings of the Republican party. The President's move is purely political and it's designed to help him and only him, even at the expense of the party. What surprises me is not the announcement. Bush has no record of success on which to run, besides the War on Terror and Saddam's capture... all of which is fading. He needs a wedge issue and he's just cynical enough to assume we won't see the political play he's making. What surprises me is the shock and awe among gay Republicans who clung to Bush despite everything else, only to experience the ultimate rejection. Did they not see any of this coming? There's nothing intrinsically wrong with being gay and Republican. There are other issues in this world besides LGBT issues, and I think many of those questions take precedence. And of course, we gay Democrats have been shat upon-- remember DOMA? We are a minority group and like all other minorities, we will be played by the powers that be. But if you had to stake your life and your future on a Republican or a Democrat, which would you choose?

 My pal D got back together with his boyfriend of two years over the weekend. So there goes another great one off the market! He wasn't actually "on the market" and I'm happy to see the two of them back together. I met both of them at a little get-together nearly two years ago. It was one of those friend-of-a-friend things so I knew my friend and I knew one of his friends who was hosting the thing at his place in Dupont Circle. But I didn't know anyone else, which is kind of uncomfortable for a quiet guy like myself. I briefly met D and his squeeze there and I don't remember much else from that night. My friend and I stuck around for about an hour and then took off for something else. Anyway, so nearly a year later, I see this cute studly guy on Friendster and I say hi and I think it was he who remembered meeting at the party. So that was the real start of a little friendship that's been kind of cool. I have a presentation this afternoon, which means hours of prep today. I had a series of planning meetings yesterday, but this morning, I'll have to push all the pieces together to get it ready. It'll happen but I'm not looking forward to it. The best part, though, is that I don't have to do it at the office so I'll decamp with the notebook to a nearby Starbucks and set up the office. Just someplace where there are windows.

 You are going to Marry Josh Hartnett. He is really shy, but don't let that fool you. He is really outgoing and sweet with those he loves and will be loyal to them for the rest of his life. Congrats!! urlLink Which male celebrity are you going to marry? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla thanks, urlLink WCB , you sexy boy

 Friday night was an alcohol fest unlike any I've had in some time. I usually mark the success of a night of heavy drinking by noting the absence of a hangover the next day. So when I got up yesterday morning and felt no residual headache, I was happy. But as the day wore on, I discovered I was too tired to do much of anything. Saturday turned out to be a giant waste and after a movie in the evening, I went home to bed early with a stomach ache - most likely the result of a high toxic load. Today I feel better and a good breakfast helped to set me on the road to what I hope will be a productive week. My friends Chris and David are in Hawaii for several days. I've always been ambivalent about the warm weather haunts that other find so enticing, but today I must say I wish I was there. I'm in one of my negative funks about this city. They don't last very long. When I first moved here, I felt them because I didn't know enough people to have a circle of friends with whom I can hang out. Now I have that, but I think it's time to branch out and find some new places to hang out. No matter how big the city is, you can find guys who will tell you that the gay community is small and gossipy. I didn't believe this, having come from small midwestern cities where there was little if any gay community. It seemed inconceivable to me that one of the nation's ten largest cities, with a large gay community for its size, could seem small in that way. But now I see it and I understand what they mean. In the midwestern college towns where I lived, you could reinvent yourself if you lived there long enough because there was the inevitable churn of the town. After 5-7 years, enough guys had moved on and new ones had moved in, that you had a chance to begin again if you wanted to. It wasn't quite that easy because there will always be "lifers" who stick around to serve as the local storytellers, so your past exploits might still be current with a small group. But many more men seem to stay for a long time here in DC, and reputations, once made or broken, are hard to remake or repair. I'm largely invisible here but 5 years from now, what will people be saying about me? What stupid thing will I have done that will be passed on from one person to the next? When I walk into the bar, how many guys will turn to a friend to whisper something about me? Maybe I'm in a slightly paranoic mood today. No real reason to be but sometimes I wonder when I hear guys dish the really negative shit about some guy... is it true? How has the story grown in the telling? What if it's me they're talking about someday? One answer, of course, is to stay home in my apartment and never leave. Not a pleasing prospect. Another, I suppose, is to try- as much as possible- to have a sense of integrity. That's the way to go, obviously. No brainer. But even small slipups seem to have a way of coming back and biting you in the ass, if the stories I hear passed around about other unfortunates are any guide. So Friday night, I'm at the bar. I'd gone alone, but had acquired a group of friends around me-- mainly guys I hang around with when I'm at the bar but not often outside it (for no good reason). We were having a great time carrying on among ourselves, sampling drinks of different colors, beginning with blue and progressing to light green, dark green, light yellow and red, talking about sex in the crass terms that half-buzzed nasty boys like to do, when we were joined by the Ugly Drunk Guy . He had hung around the outer edge of the group for about an hour and I exchanged a few pleasantries with him and joked about this or that in the way that strangers do at the bar. At this point, he was still Sober Nice Guy, Not My Type . The woman he was talking to left and he began burrowing himself toward the core of my group. I sensed him like Frodo sensed the approach of Gollum. Something told me this wasn't going to be pretty. A couple minutes later, a hand takes hold of my arm, I turn, and come face to face with Ugly Drunk Guy. An obsequious smile on his face, alcohol heavy on his breath, he says in a vampy voice, "I think you're hot. I'd love to have you sit on my lap." If I had this weblog five years ago, I would have told this story and then written, "I didn't know what to say." But I've learned a thing or two and Friday night, I knew what to say. But I didn't. He was a nice person, I told myself, just overly drunk and a little too uninhibited, so I laughed and said, "You've had a lot to drink buddy." Oooohhhh. I can't deliver the withering lines I hear some guys deliver. It makes me seem to be a nicer guy. But it also means I have to put up with a lot more shit. Two minutes later, "We're going dancing, and you should come with." I'm thinking, why does he act like Mae West? My friends are, by now, interested in the exchange and all talk of fucking gets put on hold so everyone can concentrate on Ugly Drunk Guy. I tell him I'm sticking around with my friends. After more fruitless persuasion, he gets up to leave with another friend and grabs me, planting a big wet one right on the lips. I was so surprised that I didn't even say anything. I got so much shit for that from my friends afterward. But the bottom line is this: I won't be mean to someone, and my adherence to this rule means that sometimes I put up with shit that no one else would because I won't publicly draw the line at unacceptable conduct. How often does something like that happen? Once a year. But I'm beginning to think I'm too much of a pushover. Writing it here is the first acknowledgement of it, I suppose. I need to find a way to preserve my essential niceness - I want to be a friendly guy, who says hi to anyone - without letting people take advantage of me like that. I had lunch Saturday at La Tomate with my friend Larry and without me telling my story, he launched into a similar story about getting his ass grabbed at the bar the night before. Larry is in his 50's but he gets attention that some guys 20 years younger don't get. He explained he had to stop being nice after one too many grabs for his butt. The way he told it, he delivered a clear statement about his boundaries and he did it with a smile on his face. That could be my template for saying, "Cut it out." If I had only employed a similar strategy to halt my drinking before Red Drink #2.

 Hi. My name is Ralph Nader. I came to your last party four years ago, remember? Things got a little carried way, I know, and you got evicted from your house. But I just wanted you to know that I'm thinking about dropping by again. Save me some cake!

 Is anyone else as moved as I am about what is happening in San Francisco? The city's offensive tactic-- filing suit against the state of California over laws that define marriage as being between a man and a woman-- is as thrilling as it is unexpected. We have been fighting a rearguard action for several months now, reeling as victories like Lawrence and Massachusetts have to led to a significant loss of public support for civil unions and gay marriage. There have been lesbian and gay mass-marriage ceremonies during Pride; hundreds of couples have crossed into Canada to exchange vows. But it was easy for others to dismiss them as activists, as outside the mainstream, as a danger to the "sanctity" of marriage. The photos of women and men exchanging vows this week were images of upstanding citizens, people who could be your next door neighbors. What is so powerful about those images of middle-aged lesbians and well-groomed men holding their adopted babies is that one cannot look at those pictures and not feel the emotional tug, the feeling that there's something not quite right about denying these people rights that others enjoy without a second thought. Whatever the backlash to this new episode, those pictures of people getting married in the newspaper this week are worth millions of words of arguments about equality. But because they are so meaningful, here are some of those words. San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera: "Mayor Newsom took a bold step last week, and we fully agree with him that his position is justified and that the California Constitution provides that there should be equal opportunity under the law, and not just for straight people but for gay and lesbian people as well." Chicago Mayor Daly this week at a news conference: "A lot of people are opposed to it. So be it. But again, you have to point out the strength of that community -- they're doctors, they're lawyers, they're journalists, they're politicians, they're someone's son or daughter, they're someone's mother or father. "They're parents, and I have been with them. They've adopted children. They have wonderful children. To me, we have to understand this is part and parcel of our families and our extended families." "We have to understand" what the gay couples have been saying: "They love each other, just as much as anyone else. They believe that the benefits they don't have, they should have. And so I have a very open mind on it." Compare those statements to the ignorant and stupid thoughts of our President and First Lady.

 First Lady Laura Bush set the bottle down today, and spoke briefly about gay marriage. It is a "very, very shocking issue," she slurred. The First Lady met the press at an appearance in Santa Monica where she offered her regular three sentence spiel on education. When pressed for a deeper, more intelligible response about her personal feelings, Mrs. Bush said, "Let's just leave it at that. Now, where's my Xanax?" fucking asses... all of them.

 from urlLink Little Man Scott : You are house! urlLink What kind of techno music are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 It's Thursday and while I'm happy with the general progress I've made getting work done this week, I'm also ready for a chunk of personal time this weekend. I have a lot of reading to plow through for work and another project I'm doing. And airfares are good for last minute travel this weekend, so I'm tempted to grab my books and escape for a couple days. I would go someplace familiar so I wouldn't be tempted to do a lot of sightseeing. And right now, the flights from here to NYC, Toronto and Chicago are nicely priced. Yes, none of these places is warm. The Dreamers is on the viewing schedule this weekend and that's basically the only entry on my Outlook calendar from Friday afternoon through Sunday night. i haven't blocked out the time I'll need for the projects yet. But right now, with the weekend so tantalizingly close, who would want to sully it?

 I went wading into Irish history for a little project today, not with a history book but with a few webpages and some audio clips from the BBC. It didn't take me long to discover that was about as far as I'd like to go. Irish history is a story of blood and oppression, a tough read under the best of circumstances. I have a small measure of Irish blood coursing through my veins, along with Norwegian, Swedish, German, French, etc. My mom's ancestors seem to have been unable to keep their hands of the tourists. On my father's side, it's easy. They're German. Plain and simple, and I don't think there's anything else. These folks stuck close to home and married their own kind. I envy my friends who come from Italian or Mexican or culturally Jewish families. They have a sense of tradition and heritage. I hitch a ride to these traditions, getting some vicarious enjoyment out of the experience of joining them for holidays and gatherings. Millions of German-Americans have few, if any, traditions. Many Germans in the midwest in the early 20th century were persecuted during the wars for their heritage. Just as American flags appeared on the doors and in the windows of Indian restaurants all over America after 9/11, Germans during the wars tried to be as patriotic and American as they could. I know about that oppression from a PBS documentary, not from the experience of my own ancestors, who may or may not have felt pressure to cleanse themselves of their German heritage. But however it happened, the cleansing took place, and I grew up in a home without a single special German dish, holiday tradition, song, piece of clothing, anything. I feel blessed to have a rich life, but sometimes I sense the great yawning chasm of my past.

 urlLink Chase highly recommends "The Dreamers"... the new film from Fox Searchlight. I checked out some previews and it looks incredible. On the agenda for this weekend!

 Watching how people behave when they break up is fascinating. Watching how the other people watching them behave is even more fascinating. I'm an observer in the breakup that one of my best friends is going through. What interests me most right now is how people behave in a breakup and how different interests line up. So wander with me through this little tale, which I think says much about the human condition and maybe something about the gay community. Let's briefly set the scene: the story, as always, begins before the breakup. One party, my friend, whom I am calling Mark, after a long period of difficulty and talks with his boyfriend, we'll call him Joe, has arrived at the conclusion that the issues they don't agree upon are so fundamental as to make continuing their long-term relationship difficult, if not impossible. They began a new set of talks, edging toward the breakup. Mark compares it to the Olso Peace Accords, and I think he believes Oslo was less contentious. They have a lot of things to work out. Not just how they will try to be friends and colleagues afterward, but also the myriad financial details, etc. that make breaking up so complicated. There's your backgrounder. Last week, Mark told three individuals outside his closest circle about the breakup, which had occurred a few days earlier. Two were good friends whom he greatly respects and he thought it would be good just to have them hear it from him than from someone else. The third person was a mutual friend of his and Joe's, but probably more in Mark's "camp." Two days later, Joe walks into the bar and, apparently, is greeted by a chorus of sympathizers, all of whom have heard of the horrendous breakup, and want to commisserate, etc. Joe is surprised at this, as is Mark because he told an older gay couple who are unlikely to say anything. But, he had told that other friend, who has, in the space of 48 hours, managed to spread the tale far and wide. Did I mention that Joe walked into the bar with a date? Yes, 4 days after the breakup, 2 days after people started finding out, he shows up with a boy and no one, as far as I can tell, raised an eyebrow. When Mark told me all this, I could do little more than laugh. Here he had gone to great lengths to protect all parties, while Joe walks into the bar, date on his arm. Actually, he went two nights in a row with the same date. Joe himself confirmed this because he was anxious for Mark to know all this, just in case he hadn't already heard it from approximately 1,340 friends. I'm not going to go negative on anyone here. Nor will I moralize any further. What I find most interesting is the power dynamic at play. If you are the person doing the breaking up, you are at a disadvantage most of the time, unless you are emerging from an abusive relationship. If it's not abusive but still bad, you can make the decision to get out and people may be positive to your face, but the majority of them will put you in a negative light in the gossip they tell others. We have a template that we work against when a couple breaks up. Gay or straight doesn't affect this, except that the gay community arguably utilizes gossip more than the majority het community. The template is that the person who breaks up is bad and the person who got broken up with is good. Think about how many times you've seen this play out. The good person gets extra sympathy, sad looks, pats on the back. And yes, the aggrieved person can even walk into the bar, in front of all his friends, with a date half his age, two days after the breakup, and no one will say a word about that behind his back. Yet Mark is concerned about going to the same public places alone because of what people will say to his face or behind his back. I love this. It's how we humans behave and so it's almost beyond judgment. But here's what I really love... how people react when the template doesn't fit. Almost two years ago, a guy I was dating broke up with me. We had dated for only three months and we could see that we were going to be better as friends and not as a couple. We broke up and while it was a little messy, it was alright, as breakups go. The guy and I continued to be friends and we continued to hang out all the time in the gay community. People who were friends of both of us didn't seem to know how to handle it. When one of us was hanging out, they would come up and be all solicitous and offer encouragement and a veiled, negative reference to the other person. Sort of staking their position as being on your side. The same people did this to both of us; we compared notes. The first times they saw us together at the bar after we broke up, chatting away in a nonchalant manner, they would approach but you could see the uncertainty on their faces. Whose side should they be on? Had we truly broken up? Why were we getting along? It was like the breakdown of some kind of social order. Which is what it is, I think. These templates we use to navigate our way through life, love and friendships aren't bad. But maybe we're too dependent on them. Especially in the gay community, where the importance of gossip as a communications mechanism makes this template a kind of iron law.

 Kerry might have won last night in Wisconsin, but Edwards got one of his strongest showings so far and that makes me happy. Not because I'm an Edwards supporter. In fact, I don't know now, and I don't think I've ever known, who my candidate of choice is in the Democratic race for the nomination. I guess it would have to be Dean but even early on I wasn't totally in the Dean camp and as the gaffes and misstatements piled up, I turned away. I'm not going to go through some long discourse about my wandering in search of a candidate I like. It would be boring and, frankly, I think we're all doing it these days so it's an essay we could all write. But I am happy that it's not entirely wrapped up yet. Wisconsin could have been a big coronation for Kerry. Instead, Edwards showed he still has some resilience. So on we go to Super Tuesday. And as the formal wrapup still eludes the frontrunner, the Democratic party continues to energize itself as voters discuss the issues and the candidates. A campaign season is supposed to be about defining what a party stands for... not crowning a king ASAP. All of this will make our party better. We hope.

 This urlLink short essay by another Mark is a triumph of love over a disease that slowly destroys the lives of millions of people. His words are truly beautiful.

 I feel a certain sense of horror at the realization: a full 3 days after Valentine's I've not purchased or consumed even one single candied heart with a trite saying. How can this be?!?!?!?!?!

 My pal Chris had a birthday yesterday. And no, this isn't that post you write that is about a birthday, but really means "oh fuck, I forgot to call you yesterday on your birthday." Because I did remember to call yesterday on his birthday.

 A long, long, long conversation last night with a friend who is thinking about dating another friend of mine. The conversation slowly wound around and around in a circle. The conversation is about how you end one relationship and you move to the next. That's what he's doing. Or more correctly, he's ending a long-term relationship. What comes next is somewhat uncertain. Now, this conversation was so complicated and touched on so many elements that it would be difficult to do it justice without running into a long explication of everything we talked about. Frankly, I don't have time to do that and I don't think anyone has the time to read through more than 2 hours of conversation. But I thought I would write about one of the main elements of our conversation: a relationship isn't over until you say it's over loudly and clearly and maybe it's not over until you dash the belief of the other person that there might be a glimmer of hope. It sounds kind of harsh to put it that way, and I remember thinking that the first time I dated and broke up with someone and I got this kind of talk from a close friend of mine. My friend Tim sat me down and said, "That guy you dated is really upset." I said, "Of course, he's upset. I broke up with him. Anybody would be upset." Tim said, "The problem isn't that you broke up with him. He doesn't fully understand why you broke up and he also thinks there's a chance you might get back together. He doesn't know why you're not calling him." I shot back, "I thought I made it pretty clear that I was breaking up." Tim responded, "He thinks you are leaving the door open to getting back together again." I was exasperated. "Well, I didn't want to make him feel awful. We were both unhappy and I wanted to soften the blow. So while I don't think I implied that we might get back together, I thought I needed to be as truthful as possible with him." "What does that mean?" asked Tim. "Well, I still like him and I think he's a great person and so while I feel like we have to break up, I also feel like we understand each other well enough that I can lay out the uncertainty I feel about what I'm doing." At this point, I could feel Tim growing a little impatient. He got quiet and said, "Take it from someone who has been on both ends of breaking up. If you're going to break up with someone, you have to fully break up with them. If they like you a lot and you leave the door open to the possibility of something working out in the future, they're going to hold a torch for you. They're going to wait for you. They're going to wonder why you don't call, and this will make them upset. They're going to see you in the bar with someone else and this is going to make them upset because they won't know if it's a friend or if you're on a date. And since they think there's a chance for you two to get back together, this will be devastating to them." "Then what am I supposed to do?" Tim leaned in, "You have to break their heart. I don't mean to imply that you should be a bad person. But the best way to prevent a long series of painful incidents and uncertainty is to instead inflict the pain quickly with the news that it's over. Depending on who it is and how they react, you may not have to say much more on that count. I mean, you don't need to pound the fact into their heads or beat them down with it. But if you're breaking up with them, you have to walk away from your talk knowing that your ex knows that there's no chance of getting back together. You have to be as gentle as you can be. But you must be firm. Causing them some pain now will save them more pain and anger down the road." "Hypothetically, what do I do if, later on, I think I have feelings and I want him back? I've just told him it can't ever happen. Wouldn't it be a little ridiculous to come back and say, 'I've changed my mind'?" Tim smiled. "You should try as much as you can to be certain you have to breakup before you do it. If you do change your mind, there's nothing wrong with going back and asking. But if you leave that guy thinking this is a possibility, he'll be hurt and angry with you if you don't go back. If he likes you, he's going to hold a torch for you. And he'll find it hard to move on because in some way he'll be waiting for you. And that's something you have to bear as your responsibility if you aren't truthful with him." I remember that conversation like it was last Friday, even though it was 5 years ago on a Friday, almost to the day. For a long time, I tried to disagree with it. I wanted to look at it as being unkind to the other guy. Or, in a situation of breaking up, I just couldn't bring myself to say the hard truth: we weren't working out and we were going to have to stop dating. But in those situations, I've come to see Tim's logic. And in dating situations, I've found the best breakups are ones where I was what I'll call brutal but gentle , for lack of a better term. But I've also had to amend this line of thinking. Tim hadn't been in a long-term relationship at the time we talked about this, and neither had I. Now that both of us have that kind of experience, I think we would both agree that ending a long-term relationship, if you have to do it, is never going to be that simple. But I also think we would both agree that the end result has to be about the same: if you respect the guy you've been with but there is no way the two of you can continue together, then you have to make that absolutely clear to them so that you can spare them as much pain as possible.

 When we celebrate President's Day, are we allowed to choose the Presidents we'd like to remember and celebrate? I don't feel like celebrating James Buchanan. After seeing the PBS documentary on Civil War Reconstruction, I don't feel like celebrating Andrew Johnson. Hmmm. Harding, Nixon. Bush I and Bush II. Four years from now, would I be saying the same thing about a President Kerry? (I'm not a big fan.) I don't have President's Day off, so I'll be toiling away at my cubicle until as late as noon or 1pm. Well, ok, but not much later than that. I've been going to work early for years. In fact, I've rarely worked a 9-5 job and I don't think I'd want to. I like starting before everyone else does. Public transit is less crowded, there are fewer colleagues at work when I get there. I usually accomplish more in the first 2 hours than I accomplish all the rest of the day at work, once everyone gets there. Plus, it feels great to be walking out the door by 2pm. It means you're at the gym before it's crowded. And you have a little bit of daylight ahead of you, even in winter months, when many people are leaving the office at dusk. The only real problem with this schedule is that I'm not a true early riser. I feel that rising early has intrinsic benefits, but I also like to stay up late. It's a constant battle between my discipline and the late night drink beckoning me from the bar. I wasn't up late last night. I stayed home and watched a documentary I had TiVo'ed about gay and lesbian Jews. It's called "Trembling Before G-d" and it got mainly good notices when it debuted in theaters about a year ago. The first hour was pretty interesting and then my attention started to flag. I picked up the laptop and surfed, alternately checking out the political websites and watching TV until the documentary ended and I hit the delete key. I probably could have stopped and deleted it about half way in, but you never know if it's going to pick up or not. Well, this time... not. I'm in a momentary Marlowe kick these days, so I read "Edward II" and immersed myself in the gay love affair between Edward and Gaveston. You can't be totally correct in calling it gay. There was no idea about "gay" or "homosexuality" at the time. But calling it gay is a good shorthand. Edward II was murdered when his assassin shoved a red hot poker up his "fundament" and I think we all know what that is. No matter what else he might have had shoved up there, that must have been excruciating. Think about it as you're enjoying lunch.

 You are a True Elitist. Not like those stupid ass 1337 Speakers, you are the best kind there is. You are irritated with bad spelling/puncuation/grammar and let it be known. You constantly find yourself ranting about things that irritate you and somehow people agree- even those who are the offenders! You probably have charisma coming out of your pores, but are way too elitist to just befriend -anyone-. You, my friend, rock. urlLink What Internet Personality Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 I arrived first at the restaurant. I had just settled into place, gift bottle of wine for my friend next to me, when in came Terry, with a flourish. My good friend and long-time conversationalist at the bar was my guest for Valentine's Day. Terry is in his mid-50's... one of those gentlemen who-- at any age-- would be in his prime. Debonair, dark hair ever so slightly gray, trimmed moustache, shining eyes, gentle character, he's a man who excites passion in men of all ages. He seated himself at my table and after the expected hug and kiss, we presented gifts. "If you're going to do it, do it all the way," he said, as he reached into a bag and pulled out two ruby champagne flutes and a card. At that moment, the server delivered a ruby vase filled with red, pink and cream-colored tulips and a bottle of champagne. The four lesbians at the table next to us were agog. An auspicious beginning to a memorable evening of food and drink and conversation. Terry and I have been friends for a couple of years. I always saw him at the bar, engaged in conversation with men on either side of him, patrons swooping in for a hug and kiss every few minutes as they passed by. We began striking up conversations, getting to know each other, sharing stories, buying drinks. And that's how its been ever since, a collegial friendship. But is it a friendship if meetings only occur by chance? Yes, but it's one of convenience, a superficial friendship that doesn't get the cultivation it deserves. And so this week, as I was working through contigencies, Terry came to mind. And even before I arrived home last night, full of good food, a little tipsy, and laden with gifts, I was glad he had.

 To the young man in the powder blue-- shall we call them-- trunks , three lockers down from me: this is a gym; not a fucketeria.

 I will be spending the evening having a splendid dinner with an older friend of mine. We will eat, drink, enjoy other friends and toast the day.

 urlLink create your own visited states map

 We eat our own. And I'm not talking about rimming. We have a highly perfected mode of character assassination, which after years of interaction inside the gay community, makes no sense to me. But perhaps it's not a surprise because our community sustains itself partly on gossip, which plays a role that's much greater than it is in other communities. This might be a function of a community that emerges in an oppressive society. Before homosexuality was more accepted, much of the conversation among gay men might have been about who else was gay and who was involved with whom. The environment of more generalized acceptance of gays hasn't changed the content of much of the conversation that passes from gay man to gay man. The furtive behavior of anonymous sexual hookups also contributes. There's nothing necessarily wrong with gossip; it's information sharing and it's a constant of human interaction. But its central role in so much interaction among gay men can't be healthy. I won't wag my finger overlong. I gossip, too. It's how I know who's in and who's out in my community. But are we aware of its destructive potential?

 I got my haircut yesterday. That belongs in the "Brushed the Cat" level of excitement. But I was excited because I had to miss my last appointment 2 weeks ago and the situation was quickly becoming chaotic. I get it cut every two weeks... rain or shine. Every other Thursday at 3pm... appointments scheduled through the end of this year. I have to. I don't have a hair fetish but if my hair gets long, it gets unruly and drives me crazy. It's amazing, the little things that rule our lives. Thousands of years from now, how will archeologists sifting through the wreckage of our society ever be able to understand this? Two weeks ago, I had to cancel my appointment, and at first, all was well. By this week, it was a tangled, disastrous mess. Not a tangled, disastrous mess that looked good, either. Well, after that stimulating discussion about my hair, allow me to announce that I may do my taxes this weekend. By that, I mean, I may spend 60 minutes on my taxes this weekend. It always takes me a long time to figure in outside earnings, and compile deductions. Let's just say I have a relaxed approach to recordkeeping. I want to eyeball what my refund will be. If it's large enough, I'll file quickly. Oh, the irony, or something: Last May, I went to Toronto with friends Matt and Leeron. My truck was broken into, the thieves grabbing my Palm and Matt's laptop. Wednesday, someone broke into Matt's car here in town... and yes, took his laptop. Except, that for reasons too complicated to explain, it's actually my laptop, minus my hard drive. So, last time, Matt got the new lapper. This time, I do.

 from the urlLink Washington Post online : Post E-Mail Disrupted as Domain Expires By Jonathan Krim Washington Post Staff Writer Thursday, February 5, 2004; 7:48 PM E-mail communication to and from The Washington Post was disrupted Thursday after its washpost.com Internet address was shut down because the company failed to renew its $35 annual registration. The outage did not affect the ability of readers around the world to read the Post's news Web site, which resides at a separate "domain," washingtonpost.com. But the newspaper's journalists and other employees, who rely on e-mail for communication with sources, advertisers and other clients, were without it for part of the day after washpost.com was shut down. The problem was discovered early Thursday morning when the paper's Baghdad bureau chief, Rajiv Chandrasekaran, was unable to get onto the Post's internal messaging system. E-mail sent to the Post bounced back to the senders, with a notification that the domain no longer existed. Champ Mitchell, chief executive of Network Solutions, said that in the past six months the Post was sent "no less than seven" notifications that the registration was about to expire, most of them by e-mail. A manager in the newspaper's technology division is listed as the contact for the account. Like household bills that are sometimes misplaced or forgotten, Mitchell said that it is not uncommon for a registration to lapse accidentally, though that is generally not a problem with domains bearing names of large companies like the Post. "Big names like you generally have pretty well-organized IT departments," he said.

 It's wonderful to be in an unfamiliar space and spot a Sister. I went to an event in another city last night for work and played The Star for a couple hours. This isn't a role that I particularly enjoy but I like meeting people. I was talking to a small group of folks, when I spotted them: the two cute gay guys. Later when I met them, I discovered they run a small theater company. They were hugely cool. I love straight people. Some of them are my best friends. But after everyone began leaving and my duties were done, I relished spending another 10 minutes chatting with a few of my own kind.

 You can tell when you've written a bad post. The responses from readers are weird and angry. They write to say you're wrong and then offer their own views and it turns out to be either what you thought you wrote or what you thought you had implied. My post on the relationships of two friends coming to an end prompted a wide variety of comments and emails from people who thought I was giving short shrift to relationships; from people who thought I was unwilling to work at making a successful relationship; from people who thought I would give up at the first sign of trouble; from people who thought, incorrectly, that I was writing about my boyfriend. It prompted lectures and finger-wagging from readers telling me all kinds of stereotypical things about gay men and relationships. All kinds of stuff. I wrote a bad post. I wanted to write about relationships that were beyond hope. NOT relationships that were troubled and could be fixed. Many people treated the essay as though it were advising everyone to leave at the first sign of trouble . Here are my points... the ones I didn't make very well: 1) Relationships are hard. If a relationship is worth maintaining, it must be worked at; and beyond love, a good relationship is an act of will. (Long-time readers know that's a mantra of mine.) 2) Why do people cling to relationships that grow more and more destructive over time? Do they not recognize the growing damage they do to themselves and their partner? Do they hold on to it hoping to fix it? Do they continue with fixes even as each fix falls apart? Do they shut down? 3) If the relationship doesn't work, when is the moment of realization? Is there such a thing or is it a slow dawning? 4) What's the role of friends in relationship troubles... not when encouragement can help mend a relationship, but when the relationship is in serious trouble and seems to be beyond saving? Again, the extreme case is what interests me. It boils down to this: when all hope is gone and the problems cannot be fixed, why do people continue to hold on? Gay, straight, whatever. I ask this because I talked about this with one of the friends who just recently broke up. One of the many questions he asked himself about the final, difficult 2 years of fights, growing disagreements, disillusionment, estrangement etc. before the breakup was... should I have thrown in the towel sooner? I also ask this because in my own case, I believe I've occasionally tried to hold on longer than I should. I've failed to see and understand the very clear warning signs that the relationship I was in was going bad. And when I did realize it, the rescue effort didn't work. I've written a lot here about a disastrous relationship I was in for two years-- that ended more than a year ago. We made three solid tries at making it work. We talked endlessly with each other. We went to a therapist. We consulted friends. Both of us made personal changes and changes as a couple to try to preserve something that we thought might be good... eventually. We both worked hard at it and all three times it failed miserably-- each time for a different reason. And all the trying left scars in both of us that are likely to never go away. Do you see what I'm trying to ask here? I believe that sometimes people stay in relationships that aren't working... trying to fix them with the best of intentions when the problems are so deep and systemic that they cannot be fixed. They do themselves and their partners great harm and when the relationship finally does come apart it's a bomb that inflicts damage over a wide area. The questions are many. If you're in a relationship with difficulties... how do you assess what can be fixed and what can't? Do you trust your own judgment? Who else do you talk to? As a friend, how blunt or honest should you be? Should you always begin with advice for mending it, even when your outside view is that it can't be fixed? Why do people hold on for so long when it's apparent to everyone, often even the players involved, that it's hopeless? We hear a lot about how gay men have more trouble with relationships. I think that's a very important question that deserves better, more carefully considered answers than gay men are sluts or they don't try hard enough . Maybe we should give this some careful thought, too.

 Eight years. A friend of mine and his partner broke up yesterday after being together nearly eight years. Another friend of mine has broken up with his boyfriend of a year and a half. Maybe long term, all parties will look back and see these as good decisions, but it's still sad. I urlLink wrote here a month ago about the moment of realization that a relationship is over... and I was thinking of one of these relationships at the time. They're not easy under any circumstances, and while we as friends should do all we can to support our friends in relationships, I don't feel any obligation to encourage friends to stay in relationships that aren't working. How you calculate whether yours is working or not is up to you. But I'm relatively hard-nosed about the pursuit of happiness and I've learned the hard way that if you're not happy and the situation can't be fixed, then it's time to get out. One can take that to a selfish extreme and that's not good. But, too often, people stay in less than good or just plain bad relationships out of inertia or fear of being single. And too many gay people on the sidelines are quick to pounce and point to a breakup as a sign that gay men either just can't have a good relationship or they're too promiscuous to want to stay together or they just can't see how good they had it, etc. Have you noticed that 1) these people are nearly always single themselves; and 2) they're losers? The gay community's rampant desire to be accepted by the straight world has led, predictably, to some rather fucked up views of what is a successful gay life. The Successful Gay Life is not the aping of a model provided by the majority culture; and it's not defined by the incessant carping that comes from inside your minority culture. It's what you define it to be.

 The day dawns with three viable candidates to watch... and a fourth candidate who must be painfully aware that his time is drawing to an end. Kerry won Missouri, Arizona, North Dakota, Delaware and New Mexico. Edwards won handily in South Carolina and Clark eked out a win in Oklahoma. Lieberman failed to win Delaware, which, inexplicably, would have kept him alive. He exited the race last night. Sharpton had his best showing yet in South Carolina. I think we know it will be the high point of his campaign. Kucinich, unless I missed something, was nowhere to be found last night. No mention of headquarters (does he have one anymore?) and no mention of a Kucinich speech anywhere. Well, who would make an appearance with a showing that poor? The bigger question is: who would be running with a showing that poor? Kucinich is clutter and needs to get the hell out. The Edwards and Clark wins complicate the Dean strategy. In fact, Clark's relatively strong finish in a few of the states he didn't win is probably the final nail in the coffin. Here's why: Dean and his strategist Roy Neel have built their strategy on the assumption that the other candidates would quickly fizzle in the face of the Kerry onslaught. That would leave a wounded Howard Dean still standing... the last alternative to Kerry. At that point, fundraising and support for Dean would revive and Dean would reemerge as a viable candidate. But what happens now? Edwards and Clark both got important wins yesterday. Not enough to ensure them much of a future. But enough for them to hang on at least a few more weeks. And those slower fades for the Edwards and Clark campaigns seal the fate of the Dean campaign, which won't see the field open fast enough to regain financial and voter support and get going again. What would I do if I were Dean? I would hold on through Saturday's races in Michigan and Washington and pray for a miracle. Thousands of Michigan voters cast their ballots early by mail or the Internet and it's likely that a chunk of them will be for Dean. If Dean is really lucky, he could come in third in Michigan. But Michigan voters, while they signed up early to get their ballots, were delaying casting their votes throughout January. The news stories in Michigan showed very small numbers of votes actually cast during much of last month... well into the "new reality" of Dean's fall and Kerry's rise. And, in fact, Dean conceded yesterday on MSNBC that he doesn't have a chance in Michigan. I won't say Dean is finished. I said it three days after the Iowa Caucuses.

 um... anyone seen Dennis Kucinich??? To quote the candidate from an early debate... HELLO?!?!?!

 "To Kerry and Edwards... if it's Gore on the phone, don't pick up."

 from the AP 9:14pm: ''A huge night.'' That's how Senator John Kerry describes his victories that have solidified his standing as the front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination. Kerry says he's ''stunned'' to have won Missouri, Arizona and Delaware. The race in Oklahoma is still too close to call, with Kerry slightly behind retired General Wesley Clark and Senator John Edward. In an interview with The Associated Press, Kerry dismissed Edwards' win in South Carolina, saying a national campaign is needed to win the White House. He says tonight, his campaign has shown its ability to do just that.

 Watching to see how two different paths of analysis will play out tonight and tomorrow. 1) Edwards is a regional candidate so a big win in South Carolina keeps him alive but does little to give him extra momentum in the rest of the country. Especially since Edwards doesn't have a lot of money for a full court press in states to come. 2) Kerry's momentum has been stalled by Edwards' win in SC and the likely win of one of the other candidates in OK. This, despite massive Kerry wins in the other states.

 I've barely had the opportunity to get started-- you know, a hearty breakfast of oatmeal sprinkled with ricin-- and the day is already upon us. I'm still kind of stuck back in the weekend, sitting in the cafe on a Saturday morning. That's wonderful, except it's now Tuesday. The weekend was quiet. I caught myself up on a lot of personal reading Friday night and Saturday, not really going anywhere because it was cold and I couldn't think of any ready excuses to get out and about, beyond a three block radius of my loft. I went out to dinner with a friend on Saturday evening, eating a big Italian meal, followed by a sinful dessert. Well, it's the weekend, what are ya gonna do about that? Movie plans were postponed. We couldn't think of anything worth seeing. Sunday... hmmm. There were just enough activities to ensure people wouldn't think I was dead but that was it. Reading the papers, a book, the Super Bowl. You can't write a lot about doing nothing, can you? Friday night I went to the bar and had a long conversation with a couple of fervent Dean supporters. They're good friends of mine and I have enormous respect for them. We had an exchange about what was ahead for Dean and I was frank about what I think is going to happen in the next few weeks. They disagreed, but only somewhat. I think I'll turn out to be right, but even if I am, there's no joy in it. It's not like I'm betting on the big game, rooting for my team, and then when they win, lording it over the losers. Politics isn't a game, despite what you see on CNN and Fox News. There are winners and losers, but that's as far as the comparison goes. I don't want to play it that way. In fact, a small part of me hopes I'm wrong and Dean isn't done. But the facts don't support it. Temperatures have "warmed" back up. Today, we'll be in the upper 30's. That won't last but upper 20's, I can deal with. I could also seriously deal with San Diego right about now.

 ... time for a break. I'm going to take some time away from the weblog. A month. Two months. Maybe longer. After doing it as long as I have... 7 years in one form or another, it's worth a breather. take care!

 Here's a point to ponder... for no very good reason: could I date a guy who does gigs in drag? there's this guy, who is cute, hot - actually in women's clothing and men's. My parents are Mr. and Mrs. P-FLAG, but I can imagine the dinner table conversation that follows the question, "So, what do you do in your spare time?" If I loved him and we were together, it wouldn't be an issue, of course. But my moderately conservative Lutheran parents still prefer to think of gay men in their more straight acting, straight appearing permutations. They've met most of my friends and most of them are of that particular category. Just a thought. Pointless mental excursion, yes. But that guy is hot. If we lived near each other, I'd ask him out right now .

 urlLink urlLink Which Historical Lunatic Are You ? urlLink From the fecund loins of Rum and Monkey. I wonder if he had "Mad King of France" engraved on his stationary?

 urlLink Waremouse and others consider the urlLink Log Cabin Republican's decision to challenge the Bush administration more directly on the anti-gay marriage amendment. It's notable and encouraging to see they're going to begin a small ad campaign and that they have apparently been telling the White House regularly of their opposition to the amendment. And yet, the president has supported the amendment strongly anyway, even though Republicans in Congress by and large would rather have nothing to do with the amendment. Waremouse uses the key word, in my view: credibility. The Log Cabin Republicans have little credibility within the gay community because of the ways in which they have bent over backward to defend President Bush. Any crumb that falls from this administration's table is a feast for the LCR and is praised as such. The problem is, most of us know it's a few neglected morsels. I think that credibility gap in the gay and lesbian community has been much discussed. But let me add that I think there's another credibility problem: the Log Cabin Republicans have little cred within the administration. Why should they? They represent a group that Republicans assign a low level of priority. And this: gays and lesbians, when it comes to issue that lie close to the heart, invariably find themselves at loggerheads with this administration. It might not be national defense or guns. But when the issue really hits home, like your hospital visitation rights, or survivorship benefits, or your right to adopt children, in other words, the basic rights to lead an ordinary life... the Republicans, at best, will support you grudgingly; it's a compromise of their principles to "award" you those rights. That's not the Republican party of much of the twentieth century, but it is the GOP of today. If you can support an administration like that, well go ahead. But I think cynics in the administration will smell your desperation... and that's no help to your cause.

 ... the urlLink new image from Hubble, staring back about 13 billion years. And an accompanying urlLink story from the New York Times .

 The news of Spalding Gray's death comes as a surprise and a shock. I didn't realize he had been missing for about two months. Did any of us, or was the story widely publicized and I was glossing over too much in the daily papers? Lately, I feel like I've been glossing over way too much in the papers. There are stories like today's piece about Hubble's latest photos peering 13 billion years into the past. Or the remarkable study showing the success of higher doses of cholesterol-lowering drugs like Lipitor. My personal interests and my career require a higher than average attention to foreign policy issues, but even today, while I was digesting Walter Russell Mead's article on "sticky power" in Foreign Policy, my eye kept straying to that picture the Hubble took. It's quite sad, really, that Hubble's future is in jeopardy. It's NASA's beloved mascot, if an orbiting telescope can be such a thing. It has created incalculable goodwill for NASA, but the agency is likely to let it fall into disrepair and eventually drop to earth in some kind of controlled descent and end up in a museum. This end is to be expected, but not extending the telescope's life a few more years seems an exercise in poor judgment. What rankles is that, safety concerns about sending the shuttle to the telescope aside, this is the result of President Bush's "visionary" bit of election politics-- the human push to the moon and Mars. Laudible goals, yes, but vastly expensive. And why should a greater human exploration of space come at the expense of Hubble? Is it worth risking the lives of seven astronauts and spending a few hundred million dollars to return to Hubble and give it a few more years of life? I think so.

 The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office reports that President Bush's tax cut will have little effect on the economy at large, beyond sinking the country deeper into debt. urlLink The New York Times today says the report shows the President's proposals could either increase or decrease economic output in the next 5 years. There might be some improvement after that, too. "However, the differences are likely to be small, affecting output by less than one-half of one percentage point on average." Our annual economic output is now in the range of $12 trillion dollars. As the Times and other sources point out, the tax cuts that Bush has proposed to make permanent are a gnat compared to the Empire State Building of our country's national output. Does this mean that tax policy no longer has a significant impact on the US economy? No, but what it does mean is that any reasonable proposal to lower or raise taxes is likely to have little, if any, impact on the economy. You don't have to be a genius to see that tax cuts such as Bush has proposed won't affect the economy much, but they do have a big impact on the federal deficit. And as the national debt grows, it places a growing burden on future generations. So, let me see: make the tax cuts permanent because they will have virtually no impact on the economy, while they'll be challenging the future fiscal sovereignty of our government. You would think this was a no-brainer. And, increasingly, it might be. The Times reports GOP congressional leaders are apparently going to simply ignore Bush's proposal to make the cuts permanent. Senator Don Nickles says, "It's time to be responsible." And isn't it comforting to know that someone has decided that might be a good idea? So, Bush will be on the campaign trail... going on and on about how his tax cuts should be made permanent, to put America back to work again. In the real world, it's a no-go. As it should be.

 Gay Republicans continue to wring their hands and mumble, even as their President continues to use the opportunities available to him to announce his support for a ban on gay marriage. There's another sad urlLink article in today's New York Times , showing the "difficult choices" that gay and lesbian Republicans face. I'm not upset by this at all, really. The individuals quoted in the article seem, by and large, to be for marriage. They had hoped the President wouldn't come out in support of the anti-marriage amendment and now that he has, some of them continue to hope that he won't talk about it too much. Many of them stress that they're not single issue voters. The Times quotes one lesbian who is a registered Republican and a member of Pink Pistols (huh?), an organization of gay and lesbian gun owners: "All the Democrats just rolled into Congress to vote for this gun control bill. Somebody with my values and beliefs can't be a single issue voter." Except that she is, as you can plainly see, of course. (Her single issue just happens to be guns.) Other gay Republicans cite the President's warrior stance on terror, the tax cuts, and his leadership, in general, as their reasons they're going to vote for him, in spite of his support for the amendment. Well, that's fine. Gays and lesbians can legitimately discuss whether there should be gay marriage or not. They're also free to make their decision between the candidates based on a range of issues. I see them less as traitors to the gay cause and more as another subset of deluded individuals who see Bush as winning the "war on terror" and showing leadership with tax cuts that have almost no impact on anyone's lives but that create multi-billions in red ink. There are millions like them in this country, content to get their news from Fox or CNN or the editorial page of the Wall Street Journal, willing to accept the hot air of the anti-tax rhetoric at face value. What we need to do is make sure that there are more of the rest of us voting on November 2nd. Now that my rant is over, let me say that I contiinue to be surprised at the continuing momentum of the marriage controversy. When the marriages began in San Francisco, I thought it would be a flash in the pan and that the public at large would see it as another group of activists outside the mainstream. I assumed they would see it the way many Americans see gay pride parades - a gross indulgence that confirms their worst, most irrational fears about gays and lesbians. But, in the main, they haven't. And the effort by conservatives to paint it that way simply cannot stand up to the photographic evidence - the happy couples, many of them together for years, for the first time getting to enjoy a privilege that has been denied them for so long. Gay and lesbian couples in late middle age, young gays and lesbians with their children, those are amazing images that can't be dismissed. The same can be said of the power of the very simple argument: who gets hurt if gay marriage happens? Specifically, whose life, liberty or pursuit of happiness is curtailed if urlLink those two lesbians kissing on the news report get to marry? I still think this will be put to an end, but we will feel the repercussions of what has happened for a long time to come and the debate over gay marriage has been permanently altered. Now, that's amazing.

 Read urlLink George Packer's piece on the lack of foreign policy vision in the Democratic party from the Feb. 16 New Yorker, if you haven't already. I think it's brilliant and there's an important message for Republicans in the article, as well. It crystallizes a lot of frustration I feel with the Democrats over this issue, and I'm sure I'm not the only one.

 43.75 % My weblog owns 43.75 % of me. urlLink Does your weblog own you? via the handsome and politically astute urlLink Waremouse

 My friend Mark went to see "Passion" this weekend. I had planned not to. And I'm still pretty certain I won't. Not so much out of any sense of protest. More out of the conviction that, after reading reviews from sources I trust, the expense of $8.50 (plus candy) on this movie isn't worth it. Not that I would feel comfortable eating a bag of Sour Patch Kids while watching Christ writhe as he endures beatings and all manner of tortures. As the camera lovingly records, in slow motion, the application of those tortures. Isn't a movie like this the classic definition of porn? I've read there's some bad acting. I've read from a number of informed sources that the charge of anti-semitism can be made legitimately against this film. But, ultimately, my issue with Gibson's portrayal of Christ's Passion is that the suffering of Christ is beside the point. I grew up in evangelical Protestant churches, which were perhaps a little anti-Catholic at times, but were rarely, if ever, anti-semitic. At worst, Jews were seen as the Chosen People who had gone astray in not accepting Christ. But there was never a sense of culpability, an assigning of blame, to the Jews for Christ's death. Protestants, by and large, view the death of Christ as absolutely necessary for the redemption of humanity. Thus, the portrayal of Christ's death as a crime is problematic because the reality in the minds Christians is, or should be, much more complicated than that. I was raised to believe that Christ was the son of God, born of a virgin. He preached to the masses, performed miracles, was rejected by the establishment, died on the cross and rose again. Regardless of how I feel about each of those pieces of information now, the suffering that Christ endured is allegorical: his bearing of the sins of all humanity. To dwell on who inflicted it, or how it was inflicted, or how intensely, or how gruesomely, is to exhibit a clear lack of understanding why it happened. But the why is what matters, not the how . Gibson is peddling a highly prejudiced, fringe point of view. And Christians who are too stupid to understand what he's doing are falling over each other trying to either endorse or defend the film. It's indefensible. The same can be said for conservatives, who have embraced this film simply because many liberals are upset about it. The problem is, any conservative Christian watching this film should be deeply disturbed by Gibson's theology. That many of them aren't shows an utter lack of principle.

 Checked voicemail about 4pm yesterday... message from Chris: "I decided to drive to my parents to pick up the dog, rather than force them to meet halfway." I returned the call and a few minutes later, I was on my way. Chris is one of my best friends and I don't see him nearly as often as I'd like. We had a relaxed evening, I got a home-cooked meal from his mom, and we sat around and shot the shit for a couple hours before I needed to get back to the city. It was the perfect close to a harried week of meetings, presentations and last minute preparations before my trip. Yes, it meant that I didn't get packed last night. Yes, there's a large list of unfinished business. Yes, taking care of all of that will probably mean I won't be able to hitch a ride on an earlier flight as I'd hoped. But after the relaxing time with close friends last night... I don't care. It was worth even a little more rushing around today.

 The Bush re-election strategy is likely to go through several permutations between now and November. Version 1.0 will be this oft-repeated concept of "Steady Leadership in Times of Change." urlLink Josh Marshall writes that the new commercials, to be unveiled today in some markets, follow this theme: things haven't been very good... but they're not my fault. Now, there's a compelling reason to vote for George W. Bush. No wonder the polls still show a slight majority of voters preferring Kerry.

 10pm: I'm home at last after a three hour evening meeting, and let me just say how much I love evening meetings. I'm cold, hungry, I smiled at a hot guy on the bus and he ignored me and now, at home, there's not a fucking thing to eat in this house except for some Wasa crackers, a chocolate bar and 2 eggs. And half a bag of frozen soybeans. Soybeans it is. Two Wasa crackers. A blanket. My big warm bed. Another day awaits.

 via urlLink Logan Circle , urlLink Conservative Punk , the website with the mission: 1. To inform today's youth that identify themselves with the punk scene with the facts, rather than rumor and conspiracy theory. 2. To encourage today's youth to register to vote and become engaged in politics. 3. To encourage youth voters to draw there own conclusions rather than indoctrinate them into a certain way of thinking. The site asserts there is a "right" side of punk, which strikes me as reminiscent of "Christian Aerobics," that favorite of evangelicals in the late 1980's. There are columns written by older men who likely never were "punk," in the sense that most of us understand punk to be. Oh, they might have been rebels, but refusing to turn up the collar on your polo shirt doesn't really count as social protest. Looking over the site, you can imagine the group of 30- and 40-something white men sitting around in shirts and ties with the sleeves rolled up, all upset that urlLink Punk Voter is acting as the sole political voice of the punk movement. And so, there is an "alternative" for the rebellious, yet politically conservative (?) white young man. That's the inherent contradiction, of course. If you check out Punk Voter, it's all rather slick and has the "designed by committee" look. As much as I'm not a part of the punk movement, I can't imagine someone looking at either site and thinking, "people like me made this." And another thing: isn't the punk movement about protest? Overthrowing the powers that be? Punk Voter has medallions of Bush with words like "veto" on his forehead and there's the clear message: Bush is bad for this country and has to go. What does Conservative Punk want you to protest? That the job growth figures are better than the liberal media suggest. Yeah, take that to the streets, my multi-pierced Friends of Bush.

 A friend wrote asking why Kerry is against a federal amendment banning gay marriage but is urlLink willing to support such an amendment in Massachusetts , defining marriage as between a man and a woman, as long as it provides for civil unions and domestic partnership benefits. Gay activists are upset because civil unions wouldn't provide anywhere near the legal benefits to gay couples that marriage would. And there's no doubt in my mind that Kerry knows this. This is the most bottom line oriented political analysis I can think of for his stand. It may not be how he is going about this, but it's the closest I can get to a line of reasoning: 1) Kerry has not supported gay marriage in the past, although he has been supportive of LGBT causes in general. So theres a certain consistency here. 2) Kerry doesnt support an amendment banning gay marriage at the federal level and this also seems to be consistent. 3) If Kerry were to support gay marriage, it would be seen by many, including many in the Democratic party, as an extreme position. The Bush campaign would pull out the left-wing, liberal Senator from a left-wing, liberal state charge and beat him over the head with it. Hes already going to be subject to this because of the MA Court ruling and connections to Dukakis, etc. Theres a rich vein of trouble for Dems that the GOP is already mining. Support for gay marriage would increase the trouble. 4) So, Kerry probably feels he has to hew a careful line. Support civil unions; speak out strongly in favor of them; if MA goes ahead with an amendment, thats acceptable, but it must allow for civil unions and domestic partnership. 5) If he takes that line, who gets mad at Kerry: some Republicans who dont want civil unions at all. They were never going to vote for Kerry anyway. He also suffers with the more politically attuned segment of the gay community, which supports marriage and will be mad as hell but sure as hell wont support Bush. 6) How does he win: Hes seen (potentially) as being moderate but still concerned overall for the plight of gays and lesbians. Im probably off on a couple of things or am missing something, but I think thats the basic calculation. Politically, its probably smart, if youre thinking only about getting elected. Remember, this is a nasty issue for everyone in an election year. Bush knows its divisive among Republicans. If he could avoid it, he would. But Rove decided he needed it to shore up the GOP core. For lawmakers, an amendment is the last thing many of them want, for a variety of reasonsthis doesnt belong in the Constitution, it's a political nightmare, etc. Theyre pissed at Bush for putting them in this bind even as Bush tries to save his own skin. Democrats who are, overall, supportive of LGBT issues but not ready to go all the way with marriage suddenly find many of their gay supporters upset with them. And on and on. This is the classic wedge issue. Everybody hurts, but again, Bushs/Roves calculation has been that Bush will be hurt the least, despite the internal damage this might cause in his own party.

 urlLink Space Waitress captures a urlLink rare post-9/11 urlLink flyover of urlLink New York on the way to a landing at LaGuardia. The pictures are beautiful. Looking at them, I feel the softspot I've always had for New York. via the urlLink Waremouse , btw. Our own Sissy Spacechik has more photos on her page.

 Another long chat over big salads, as Mark and I talked about him, his ex Joe. After a couple weeks of seeing no real effort on his part to take action regarding Joe- either to stay or go, and then a couple of weeks of frustrating conversation with him as he talked one way and acted another (all of which I've written about here in annoying detail), we had a good talk where we were able to nail down some things. We also had a fruitful conversation about fears that he has about becoming more independent. Even if they do get back together, I think Mark and Joe will spend some time living apart. Mark wasn't a kept boy but he entered that relationship when he was very young, so the prospect of moving out on his own and being fully responsible for himself has been daunting. He's wound himself in layers upon layers of questioning about how to proceed, so I used my "good friend" status to step into the middle of it and try to give him a clearer view of that. I'm not Mr. Advice, nor do I play such a character in real life. But we spent some time talking about how he might systematically work through these issues; how to think through and develop a step by step process for moving in with friends, finding an apartment, getting a new job that pays more, getting his own car, etc. It was the best conversation we've had about all of this crap in several weeks. I'm an over-analyzer with the best of them. Fuck, I write long entries in this journal about all kinds of things that others spend much less time thinking about. But, I've always believed there comes a time when you have to act. Thought shouldn't go round and round without end. At some point, a plan gels. Possible actions and consequences begin to become clear. It's like the business mantra that meetings need to be about something, that they need to lead to something actionable. I can't rule Mark's life; I have enough of my own to deal with. But I can help him out a little bit with some of his fears about what's ahead. And I can get myself out of their relationship mess because the last thing those two need is more complications. You know what? There's nothing like walking into a room that's a mess and putting it in order. Life is never that simple, but that doesn't mean we can't impose some kind of order on it. And I've imposed the order that I feel is necessary so I can feel good about things and so Mark and Joe can try to make another go of it, if they want. This was actually the easy mess to clean up. Next, I have to do my taxes.

 The handsome, scruffy Jimbo achieves what has to be urlLink the most disgusting post about vomit ever in the history of blogdom. At least since 2000. It's so deeply wrong that I can't help but love it and call your attention to it.

 I've already implied it, I've been more explicit with those of you who have written to ask what's up. I'm going to spend a lot of time writing about the Canadian elections during the month of June. For two reasons: 1) I am a Canada-ophile; have been since I was 10yo and was more interested in the Winnipeg school lunch menus, as announced on the CBC, than I was in my own; since CBC programs regularly became available on American radio in 1980 and I could hear them without tuning the shortwave dial; and since President Bush reminded me how idiotic we Americans can be sometimes. 2) I love politics. And 3) American politics is just plain shitty and boring right now, so if I take a month off from it I'm not likely to miss anything. Yes... three reasons why I'm going to write about Canadian politics. I will try to say smart and provocative things and not mess up. If I do, I trust kind Canadian readers will set me straight. Unlike the Canadian TV networks, I don't have a logo-encrusted bus outfitted with all the latest technology that I'm driving all over the country, in an effort to discover what Canadian voters think about the issues. I do, however, have a black Ford Escape XLT (featuring CD changer) that I've driven several times across a portion of Ontario in the past week and I feel confident that I've learned as much about what concerns Canadian voters as the networks will.

 The story of the capsizing of the paddlewheeler Victoria on Victoria Day in 1881, resulting in the deaths of more than 200 people, should be a sad-- if forgotten-- moment in Canadian history. Forgotten, it is. But sad? Actually, urlLink if you read the story , it's almost ridiculous. The paddlewheeler was apparently overloaded. Capacity was 400 but there are accounts of 600 on-board for the 3.5 mile trip on the Thames River near London, Ontario. The heavily laden boat struck a rock, which opened the hull. The boat began to sink. A group of rowdy teenagers began running from one side of the boat to the other, causing it to tip precariously. But this didn't stop a group of rowdy teenagers on the lower deck from rushing side to side, rocking the shallow-draft boat so severely her rails almost dipped into the river. They were singing the gospel song One More River to Cross. When two racing sculls swept past, passengers on both levels rushed to get a look at them. The vessel dipped dangerously starboard. Frightened, the passengers tried to counterbalance the ship by running to the opposite railing. The Victoria dipped even more dramatically to that side, flinging many passengers into the river. At that point, the boat's three-quarter-tonne boiler crashed through its engine room walls and slid across the slanted deck into the river. Along the way, it severed the steam pipes and the pillars supporting the upper deck, crushing and scalding several people. The heavy canvas roof of the collapsed upper deck dropped onto those floundering in the water. As one survivor described it, hundreds were trapped "like rats in a cage." By the way, all of this happened about 40 feet from shore. Frankly, if the boat had tipped the other way, it probably would have flung the passengers onto dry land. And, as if that's not enough, Macleans goes on: Rescuers placed the retrieved bodies on the riverbank. Thieves stole personal belongings from the bodies as well as from the garments the rescuers had discarded before jumping into the river. Some owners of hearses, cabs and wagons charged exorbitant rates. And, according to Ken McTaggart, author of London's Darkest Hours, a few even tucked invoices into the dead bodies that they delivered and left propped against the door of their homes. Well, OK, it is sad. But you gotta admit: the tragi-comic potential is off the charts.

 New York 2004 6:00 PM Opening Prayer led by the Reverend Jerry Falwell 6:30 PM Pledge of Allegiance 6:35 PM Burning of Bill of Rights (excluding 2nd amendment) 6:45 PM Salute to the Coalition of the Willing 6:46 PM Seminar #1: Getting your kid a military deferment 7:30 PM First Presidential Beer Bong 7:35 PM Serve Freedom Fries 7:40 PM EPA Address #1: Mercury, it's what's for dinner. 8:00 PM Vote on which country to invade next 8:10 PM Call EMTs to revive Rush Limbaugh 8:15 PM John Ashcroft Lecture: The Homos are after your children 8:30 PM Round table discussion on reproductive rights (MEN only) 8:50 PM Seminar #2 Corporations: The government of the future 9:00 PM Condi Rice sings "Can't Help Lovin' Dat Man" 9:05 PM Second Presidential Beer Bong 9:10 PM EPA Address #2 Trees: The real cause of forest fires 9:30 PM Break for secret meetings 10:00 PM Second prayer led by Cal Thomas 10:15 PM Lecture by Karl Rove: Doublespeak made easy 10:30 PM Rumsfeld demonstration of how to squint and talk macho 10:35 PM Bush demonstration of trademark deer-in-headlights stare 10:40 PM John Ashcroft demonstrates new mandatory Kevlar chastity belt 10:45 PM Clarence Thomas reads list of black Republicans 10:46 PM Third Presidential Beer Bong 10:50 PM Seminar #3 Education: A drain on our nation's economy. 11:10 PM Hillary Clinton piata 11:20 PM Second Lecture by John Ashcroft: Evolutionists: The dangerous new cult 11:30 PM Call EMTs to revive Rush Limbaugh again. 11:35 PM Blame Clinton 11:40 PM Laura serves milk and cookies 11:50 PM Closing Prayer led by Jesus Himself 12:00 AM Nomination of George W. Bush as Holy Supreme Planetary Overlord Please note that the Ann Coulter Story Time has been canceled.

 Blog readership is usually about nil the Friday of Memorial Day Weekend. I had planned not to publish anything over the weekend. But you know how it is. A few extra minutes... available wireless connection... the run-of-the-mill vanity that underlies our desire to have one of these things in the first place. So, what the hell. The first two years of this weblog, I published for virtually no audience. It didn't stop me back then and it won't stop me now. A couple things on the agenda for the first part of the long weekend. urlLink The LGBT Film Festival concludes this weekend and since I only managed to catch one film last weekend, I'll try to improve my score somewhat this weekend. Latter Days played last night and I kick myself because I've missed more than my fair chare of opportunities to see it. The other half predicts this will end up being a Netflix movie. He may be right. The other big to-do item on the agenda is the 5th annual urlLink Doors Open collection of tours of important buildings and homes this weekend. There are more than 150 sites with tours this year. I've whittled the list down to about 20 buildings that I'd like to check out. Experience tells me I'll make it to a maximum of 3 locations before I decide to move on. Last half of the weekend will likely be a hip-hop, skip and jump over to urlLink Detroit's Electronic Music Festival . To American readers... have a great Memorial Day Weekend! To all... have fun and be safe.

 A urlLink harsh piece from Salon , but probably no harsher than need be, on the subject of Judith Miller's reporting on Iraq in the New York Times during the lead-up to the Iraq War. Miller is by no means the only reporter responsible for the general lock-step acceptance of Ahmad Chalabi's fictions about Iraq and WMD. Nor is the New York Times the only news organization that should be apologizing for the generally poor quality of its reporting, in hindsight. The Bush administration, after all, apparently hung on every word from Chalabi, who seems to have said whatever it would take to get America to invade. As Salon notes, "The Times plays an unequaled role in the national discourse." When it doesn't do the job expected of it, the repercussions can be huge.

 I think spring was cancelled and no one remembered to send the memo telling the rest of us. It was a bothersome winter, an annoyingly cold and cloudy spring... and now, on the edge of summer, we're treated to cloudy, damp 70 degree days... with the added joy of the occasionaltornado and heavy rains. All of the horrors of spring and none of the pleasure. Where did all of the good weather go? I now know the answer: St. John's, Newfoundland. I was watching Ian Hanumansing on CBC News Monday night and he was on-location, standing outdoors on a beautiful afternoon... in St. John's, Newfoundland, for god's sake! So if you're looking for those golden late spring afternoons that you've been missing this year, get in your car and drive north.

 Another day, another article from Washington Monthly that I think is worth your attention: urlLink Fred Kaplan's piece on the Bush administration's blunders with respect to North Korea . Kaplan argues that by turning its back on the Clinton policy toward North Korea-- which had brought about great progress-- and because of its pursuit of a policy of "moral purity" with respect to North Korea... the Bushies have lost an opportunity to improve relations with Kim Jong il. They also have made the world a much more dangerous place to live, by allowing North Korea to develop nuclear weapons. A nicely argued piece and an issue that needs to be in front of voters even as Bush and his team try to create the impression of a leader making the world safer for democracy.

 Hair: dark. Eyes: brown. Dress: impeccable. Age: probably 30. French: flawless. Gay: perhaps. Relationship Status: unknown. Hot Potential: off the charts.

 In light of President Bush's address on the transition in Iraq-- the first of a series of speeches on the subject-- check out urlLink this article by Wes Clark in the May '04 "Washington Monthly." Parts of the piece aren't groundbreaking. I think there are several notable foreign policy experts who have been arguing that the parallels drawn to the cold war and the Soviet Union by neo-cons don't stand up to scrutiny. Neo-cons believe the moral absolutism of Reagan brought down the USSR. And in the same way, they argue Bush's moral absolutism will help to bring about a fundamental shift toward democracy in the Arab world. Clark is one of the naysayers. Clark writes that the foreign policy consensus coalesced around containment, an idea which had been in the air since the early post-war period, when George Kennan, then a veteran American diplomat, published his seminal Foreign Affairs article "The Sources of Soviet Conduct." Kennan argued that the Soviet system contained within it "the seeds of its own decay." During the 1950s and 1960s, containment translated that observation into policy, holding the line against Soviet expansion with U.S. military buildups while quietly advancing a simultaneous program of cultural engagement with citizens and dissidents in countries under the Soviet thumb. These subtler efforts mattered a great deal. The 1975 Helsinki Accords proved to be the crucial step in opening the way for the subsequent peaceful democratization of the Soviet bloc. The accords, signed by the Communist governments of the East, guaranteed individual human and political rights to all peoples and limited the authority of governments to act against their own citizens. However flimsy the human rights provisions seemed at the time, they provided a crucial platform for dissidents such as Russian physicist Andrei Sakharov. These dissidents, though often jailed and exiled, built organizations that publicized their governments' many violations of the accords, garnering Western attention and support and inspiring their countrymen with the knowledge that it was possible to stand up to the political powers that be. Another clip: Rising Soviet defense spending aimed at competing with the United States may have hastened the economic decline in the Soviet Union, helped convince the Russian generals that they couldn't compete with U.S. military technology, and strengthened Gorbachev's hand as he pushed for glasnost. But this end-game challenge of Reagan's would have been ineffective had 40 years of patient Western containment and engagement not helped undermine the legitimacy of the Communist regime in the eyes of its subjects. It was popular discontent with economic, social, and political progress, and people's recognition of an appealing alternative system, that finished off the repressive regimes of Eastern Europe, and eventually the whole Soviet Union. Clark goes on to advocate something short of regime change brought about by military force. Instead, he asks America to consider pursuing a much slower and more difficult course, but one that's more likely to produce-- if not democracy as we know it, then governments that are more accountable to their citizens. It's another path in the battle against terrorism and time might show us it's more effective-- even as it was effective in bringing about the end of Soviet-style communism. Read the article, if you get the chance.

 I'll write more later, but we'll start the day, and the week, with a an Iraq-related story-- a deeper urlLink piece on Ahmed Chalabi from Time magazine . It's worth paying attention to the upcoming Canadian elections, not merely because we ought to pay more attention to our northern neighbor (hint: it's a real country, people) but also because this is going to be one of Canada's more interesting races in some time. Todd's Ten Second State of Canadian Politics : the Liberal's Martin is sliding, Bloc Quebecois is rising but regional, Conservatives are new and more moderate and the NDP has the good looks of Jack Layton. Recommended websites: urlLink The Globe and Mail and urlLink CBC News .

 urlLink Howard Kurtz in the Washington Post : I don't want to hear about how the soldiers lacked the proper "training." And I don't want to read any more interviews in which neighbors say how nice they seemed. Anyone with half a brain would find this sort of thing sadistic. And they can't exactly argue that they're trying to extract information from a recalcitrant trainee, since the subject in question is quite clearly deceased.

 Excerpts from urlLink today's Washington Post : Previously secret sworn statements by detainees at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq describe in raw detail abuse that goes well beyond what has been made public, adding allegations of prisoners being ridden like animals, sexually fondled by female soldiers and forced to retrieve their food from toilets. The detainees said they were savagely beaten and repeatedly humiliated sexually by American soldiers working on the night shift at Tier 1A in Abu Ghraib during the holy month of Ramadan, according to copies of the statements obtained by The Washington Post. Some of the detainees described being abused as punishment or discipline after they were caught fighting or with a prohibited item. Some said they were pressed to denounce Islam or were force-fed pork and liquor. Many provided graphic details of how they were sexually humiliated and assaulted, threatened with rape, and forced to masturbate in front of female soldiers. "They forced us to walk like dogs on our hands and knees," said Hiadar Sabar Abed Miktub al-Aboodi, detainee No. 13077. "And we had to bark like a dog, and if we didn't do that they started hitting us hard on our face and chest with no mercy. After that, they took us to our cells, took the mattresses out and dropped water on the floor and they made us sleep on our stomachs on the floor with the bags on our head and they took pictures of everything." "They said we will make you wish to die and it will not happen," said Ameen Saeed Al-Sheik, detainee No. 151362. "They stripped me naked. One of them told me he would rape me. He drew a picture of a woman to my back and makes me stand in shameful position holding my buttocks." Most of the detainees said in the statements that they were stripped upon their arrival to Tier 1A, forced to wear women's underwear, and repeatedly humiliated in front of one another and American soldiers. They also described beatings and threats of death and sexual assault if they did not cooperate with U.S. interrogators. Hilas [a former detainee] also said he witnessed an Army translator having sex with a boy at the prison. He said the boy was between 15 and 18 years old. Someone hung sheets to block the view, but Hilas said he heard the boy's screams and climbed a door to get a better look. Hilas said he watched the assault and told investigators that it was documented by a female soldier taking pictures. Hilas told investigators that he asked Graner for the time one day because he wanted to pray. He said Graner cuffed him to the bars of a cell window and left him there for close to five hours, his feet dangling off the floor. Hilas also said he watched as Graner and others sodomized a detainee with a phosphoric light. "They tied him to the bed," Hilas said.

 How ironic. The same day that the Pentagon issues a dismissive answer about urlLink the bombing of a wedding party in northern Iraq and the deaths 40 individuals, including 10 women and 15 children... urlLink new pictures appear showing a group of American assholes standing over the dead body of an Iraqi man. A man allegedly beaten to death by CIA or civilian interrogators in the showers (ABC News). The apologists say that our hard-working soldiers can't all be faulted for the egregious behavior of a small number. And they're right, of course. The vast majority of our soldiers are committed to serving their country in an exemplary fashion. But the disgusting behavior of a few brings us all down. And the continual message in all this: a widespread disregard for the general welfare of the Iraqis we liberated.

 We're going to hit Toronto this weekend. Not because there's necessarily anything special going on in TO... more because I feel like I need a dose of sanity and an escape for a couple of days from the chaos of America. The sheer level of the disaster in Iraq, our President's arrogance, and the general mean-spiritedness which characterizes most of American political (and cultural) life often overwhelms me. What I have discovered is that a trip to Toronto allows, even if only briefly, an opportunity to take just one step out of that and-- for a couple days-- to look in on my home country and to look at the rest of the world in a different way. It's so odd to me that this is possible, since Canada is next door and bears the full brunt of the American media and cultural onslaught. But what I've come to appreciate about Canada is that even as America shapes Canada, Canada shapes its own unique identity. Quoting urlLink Soblo from an email exchange last week: nothing has reinforced the Canadian identity in the past few years like the Bush Administration. Seriously, just 4 years ago, a majority felt resigned to the fact that we'd be a part of the US within a few years. Now, it's unthinkable. My feeling of malaise has been growing and I know the signs. I've withdrawn from American newspapers and TV. I can't step away from the news but I've been seeking out a different way of looking at all of it. Where I live, I can get CBC Radio and TV. So, lately I've devoted my news consumption to Canada's media. And oddly enough, it's kind of soothing. Perhaps it's the sense of detachment. Maybe it's the desire to escape the mess we Americans have been making in the world, lately.

 ... Why All Is Right With the World: it's a sunny, pleasant weekday and I just finished a leisurely lunch outdoors. Apparently, I read urlLink Soblo's mind somehow because I decided to have a quality lunch so I could follow it up with a productive afternoon of reading-- which has been hard to come by lately, not only because of the standard onslaught of work, gym, etc., but also because what I've been eating has left me too jittery to concentrate properly. Driving to a conference this morning, I heard a piece about urlLink the Buffalo Commons on CBC's The Current. The idea has been around for a while. Essentially, it proposes allowing large chunks of the plains to revert to buffalo territory-- land that has been abandoned or isn't economically suitable for farming. I love the concept for its elegance, audacity and for the way in which it preserves a huge swatch of this continent in the way that I think it needs to be preserved. The devil is in the details and people like me have a tendency to wax lyrical about "ecosystems returned to natural rhythms" without really considering what it is these plans are suggesting. Nevertheless, I love the concept, just as I love the plains of North America, for all their subtle, rough-hewn beauty.

 urlLink CNet News reports that Google is quietly testing a new email storage limit of 1 terabyte . Apparently only a small number of customers has access to the higher limit. I'm not one of them. The rest of us are having to make do with a mere 1 gigabyte of space. Google had already triggered a free mail war, of sorts. Yahoo is increasing its free mail storage limit to 100 MB. Lycos is promising a gigabyte of free space. Next, Hotmail will promise to give you a personal slave to carry all your mail in a wicker basket.

 It was like standing in an echo chamber. My coffee request at the new Starbucks was transmitted from employee to employee... all along the chain. I listened to all of it, losing touch with the employee at the register. I was making sure it wouldn't turn into a game of telephone and morph into some kind of tall macchiato-type drink. I listened as New Starbucks Employee inquired how to make my beverage and Friendly Transplant From Another Store showed her. And I waited. It took nearly 5 minutes to produce the finished drink. In that amount of time, I could have strolled five blocks up the street to the Old Starbucks, ordered, and received my latte. And I would have gained a little exercise in the process. But I forgot my complaint once I reminded myself that I now have two coffee shops, including a Starbucks, within one block of my house. I may die of caffeine poisoning.

 urlLink Josh Marshall works through the latest numbers , which show President Bush's support among Americans dropping yet again. He also offers an alternate view to those who are criticizing Kerry for not going after Bush more than he has. As polarized as America is, each candidate can expect about 40% of the vote without much effort. But those swing voters who comprise the remainder of the electorate seem to be making progressively more negative judgments about Bush, including his vaunted ability to wage the war on terror. Check out Marshall's piece if you get the chance.

 It opened Friday. We went yesterday and are happy to report that it passes muster. In other words, it's like every other Starbucks we've been in up to now. No complaints. We christened it with a series of activities that will represent its utility for us, largely. We spent short periods of time reading books, doing some studying, listening to music, talking at a level that's designed not to be disturbing to others, and we sipped cups of fair trade coffee. Outlook... positive. I think this Starbucks chain is going to catch on someday. We also consumed "Kill Bill vol. 1" over the weekend, which neither of us had seen yet. Loved it... and now we're ready to see the sequel and some lucky Netflix customer is about to get a copy of Kill Bill because I've just returned the disc. The world spins on and on.

 Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy, it deosn't mttaer in waht oredr the ltteers in a wrod are, the olny iprmoatnt tihng is taht the frist and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae. The rset can be a taotl mses and you can sitll raed it wouthit porbelm. Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe.

 urlLink Back in January , I wrote that I smelled death in the Dean Campaign. After the events of the past two weeks, I've been itching to write the same words about the Bush Administration. I don't think someone trying to look at the political situation with a certain level of objectivity can say those words yet. But we're closer than we were even a couple of weeks ago. I'm not going to launch into a long timeline, nor will I recite a laundry list of Bush administation gaffes. You know them. And frankly, this administration has weathered attacks again and again, often with nothing more than it's sheer stubborn insistence that it's view of the world is right and everyone else's is wrong. But two weeks of intense reporting and attention focused on the treatment of Iraqi prisoners - 70-90% of whom are innocent of wrongdoing and the continued insurgency have greatly weakened the administration. And now, these developments. The head of the Iraqi Governing Council is dead this morning... the victim of a car bomb attack in Baghdad. urlLink Seymour Hersh reports in the New Yorker this week that Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and others approved a plan encouraging physical coercion and sexual humiliation of Iraqi prisoners. (The Defense Department says the story is "filled with error" and is "outlandish.") urlLink Newsweek reports today that a top White House lawyer questioned the validity of parts of the Geneva Conventions after 9/11. The lawyer reportedly wrote a memo to the President saying that the war on terror had made any strict limitations on how prisoners are questioned obsolete. The shortage of available troops is forcing the Pentagon to consider moving some of its soldiers from protecting South Korea... even as thousands of military families at home deal with duty time that has been extended again and again. I could offer several other examples, including rumors about the future of British Prime Minister Tony Blair, and poll numbers showing a serious slide in support for Bush. But what I'm arguing is that, at least at this point, the bad news is piling up faster than the White House can shovel it away. And for Bush/Cheney, that's a huge problem. It's not insurmountable, and a signal event like capturing Osama bin Laden can change everything. But at this moment, for the first time, the Bush administration is facing the prospect of an out-of-control downward spin. And it's almost entirely the result of administration policies, decisions and actions.

 Since we finally got around to seeing "Mean Girls" this week, that scratches one movie off the list, even as the list grows longer and longer. Most of the films I'd hardly classify as "must see." And then there's "Kill Bill, Vol 2" which has to wait until I see "Volume 1." I've heard so many people say that. Apparently, none of us went to see the first movie... and then we all discovered it was good and we've had to wait for the DVD. Speaking of which, for you Netflix subscribers in the long cue for Kill Bill, I apologize. I'm one of the Netflix bunch with a Kill Bill disc in my possession. I've had it for more than two weeks. I've been busy . Uh-huh. Netflix probably has to order 1,000 extra copies of blockbuster movies just because of slowpokes like me. I'm getting excited for "The Day After Tomorrow." Not because it will be any good. I'm sure it probably won't. But I derive a great deal of enjoyment out of the destruction of major cities. I even watched that piece of drek from NBC called "10.5." I wanted to see Los Angeles and much of California drop into the ocean. Serves them right, those annoying fuckers . Well, the miniseries was so awful, I could taste metal. And the much-awaited destruction of LA amounted to a two second shot of downtown collapsing - the same shot from the promos. And between the movie and the relentless "Friends" finale promos, there was so much crying that condensation formed on my screen. Most of the movies on the must see list this month will probably disappoint. Heck, I'd be happy to watch "Fog of War" again. I thought it was a great documentary. And just yesterday, I was struck by a craving to see "Best in Show" again. But, I'll still probably shell out $9 to see Hellboy. It buys me a ticket to free complaining, right?

 Thursday afternoon, lately, has become the What The Fuck!?!? Day . It's the point in the week when you realize just exactly how much you've not accomplished off of your to-do list for the week; the point where you're suddenly aware of the rapidly closing window of opportunity to check off any of those other boxes on the list. I think the perfect antidote to this recurring problem is to begin a mid- to high-level injection of alcohol into one's system. I plan to begin in approximately 30 minutes. Join me, boys, and let's sip our way into the weekend.

 My friend Rick passes along this hapless headline: Study reports frozen sperm as good as fresh

 Sitting at an outdoor cafe yesterday for my 4 hour lunch/meeting, I was struck with this realization: there were literally hundreds of people around us, sipping beverages, chatting, reading, people-watching. Do these people work? And if they do, how can I get a job like theirs? Actually, I have a pretty relaxed job. A good thing because I've always had a pretty relaxed attitude toward authority, work "hours", and carefully laid out and politically fractious org charts. My approach has always been along the following lines: if I have an idea and it's good, then let's get the right team together to do it and hang the org chart. The prime criteria is performance. I'm this odd mix of careful diplomat and bull-in-china-closet. My career history has been with a few organizations that adhere to that kind of ethic. In two cases, when that ethic disappeared and the workplace became more regimented and hierarchical, I left. It took me several years to piece together circumstances and situations... to understand that this was a driving force behind my style as an employee and eventually, as a manager. In the past two years, I've had some great job offers come my way-- big salary increases, cool cities. But I've turned them down because the organizations making the offer have been anything but the kind of place where I could make a difference. All because a couple years ago, a career coach pointed out to me this aspect of my personality and suggested I think hard about job offers in light of that. I was talking to an entrepreneur friend of mine the other day, explaining this realization and how it now shapes the career decisions I make. He looked at me, paused, and said, "Ok, you're entering management now. What happens five years from now when some bright up-and-comer shows up with a lot of ideas - some of them not so great, but many of them quite good? Will you reach down to him or her the same way your mentors at all these jobs have reached down to you? Or will you become a part of the problem?" Good question.

 Lunch with the boss turned into a 4 hour chat fest... a fierce one on one exchange of views, laughs, gossip. Another reminder why I work there.

 From urlLink Juan Cole : Taguba and Cambone Clash on Prison Torture Responsibility No one is a better friend to historians than a military or civilian official who doesn't know he is supposed to lie about some things. The WP reports, "Taguba said that when control of the prison was turned over to military intelligence officials, they had authority over the military police who were guarding prisoners. But Stephen Cambone, the Pentagon's undersecretary for intelligence, said that was incorrect, that authority for the handling of detainees had remained with the MPs." What is going on here is that Taguba is giving an honest and faithful account of what happened. He says that the militiary intelligence guys got command control of the MPs. Cambone knows that this is against army regulations and should be denied, not openly admitted. Either way, Taguba is right that this is what happened.

 If there's any music show that most consistently soothes the savage beast that rages within me... it's urlLink The Blue Room on BBC Radio 1. I never miss a show anymore and I've been known to listen to some shows twice over the course of the 7 days in which the BBC makes each edition available. I can read and write with dance music going off at high decibels in my head... but the anti-frenetic pace of the music and the hosts is almost enough to turn me into a Type B personality. Not likely, but dare to dream, right? Props to urlLink Jockohomo for bringing this show to my attention a couple years ago.

 I sat on one of those treasured invitations to sign up for Google Mail for some time before finally setting it up this weekend. GMail, as it's known, has been getting lots of attention in its beta phase, for a few reasons: Google is going public; we're fascinated with Google right now; the mail service offers some new approaches to mail handling; and, oh yes, there's been a great deal of handwringing about privacy because of Google's plan to place ads along the side of your browser based on the content of your email message. More on that later. GMail is different. The interface is simple, much like the renowned Google search page. It's free, and Google smartly gives you a gigabyte of space for your mail. That's a lot of space, compared to the miserly 2 MB you get from other free providers like Hotmail. Those of us with Hotmail or Yahoo accounts always have one eye on the little meter showing us how much space we have left. Of course, you can get more space, but it will cost you. So GMail blows the roof off of this artificial limitation, acknowledging that we get a lot of mail and we also get large attachments. GMail also gives you that space for another reason. It wants you to save your mail rather than deleting most of it and squirreling it away in folders where you can't remember it. I won't go into great detail on this, but I think you understand the value of keeping mail, "pasting" labels to it and then using the smart Google search engine to find what you're looking for. It's probably the way programs like Outlook will handle mail in the not-too-distant future. And it is somewhat similar to the new ways of managing, storing and searching for content that we'll see in the next generation of Windows. Alright, enough of that. Here's what I think: I like it a lot. The interface is easy to work with, it's smart - just like you'd expect Google's Mail to be, and I like being able to keep a large volume of mail. Is GMail going to become my main account? No. My work email and most of my email correspondence flows through Outlook and that's the way I want it to be, so I can archive it. Yes, GMail archives stuff in your giant gigabyte-sized bin. But, GMail isn't compatible with any email software right now. And that limits its usefulness. Still, I've found good uses for the account. I have one Hotmail account that serves as the receptacle for the dozens of email newsletters I subscribe to, and all non-work, personal business. That stuff, I've been transferring to GMail, where I have more space for all of it. Only time will tell how much I use the search function to look at the stuff I'm archiving. Now, to the privacy issue. Yes, sometimes when I open a piece of email, a few small ads appear on the right-hand side of the screen. Truth be told, I don't look at them and I don't even see them. I'm blind to them, in the same way that I'm blind to the little ads on the Google search results page. Maybe I'd be more concerned if I was using the account for lots of private email. But I can't get worked up about some giant computer parsing my email newsletters from CNet or email for weblog readers to send me an ad for a new PC. Who cares. The question now is whether GMail will force other providers like Yahoo and Hotmail to dramatically increase the space available to users. The other question is whether GMail will take the next step to allow integration into email software. For now, though, it's my newest software toy.

 urlLink The eye is on me. This is cool and all, but whenever I walk away from my monitor, it follows me. The Evil Eye!!!! by the way, thanks, urlLink Myke , for enduring my feeble sense of humor. Yes, I'm back... and yes, it's for good.

 One eventually tires of trying to find the right words to express how one feels about the following statement from this Total Boob: WASHINGTON urlLink (Reuters) - As others condemned the reported abuse of Iraqi prisoners, U.S. Sen. James Inhofe on Tuesday expressed outrage at the worldwide outrage over the treatment by American soldiers of those he called "terrorists" and "murderers." "I'm probably not the only one up at this table that is more outraged by the outrage than we are by the treatment," the Oklahoma Republican said at a U.S. Senate hearing probing the scandal. "These prisoners, you know they're not there for traffic violations," Inhofe said. "If they're in cellblock 1-A or 1-B, these prisoners, they're murderers, they're terrorists, they're insurgents. Many of them probably have American blood on their hands and here we're so concerned about the treatment of those individuals." Coalition military intelligence officers estimated that about 70 percent to 90 percent of the thousands of prisoners detained in Iraq had been "arrested by mistake," according to a report by Red Cross given to the Bush administration last year and leaked this week. The report also said the mistreatment of prisoners apparently tolerated by U.S. and other coalition forces in Iraq involved widespread abuse that was "in some cases tantamount to torture." In heated remarks at odds with others on the Senate committee who took aim at the U.S. military's handling of prisoners at the Abu Ghraib prison outside Baghdad, Inhofe said that American sympathies should lie with U.S. troops. "I am also outraged that we have so many humanitarian do-gooders right now crawling all over these prisons looking for human rights violations, while our troops, our heroes are fighting and dying," he said. Inhofe, who visited Iraq in March, is described on his senatorial Web site as a leading conservative voice in the Senate, advocating "common sense Oklahoma values including less government, less regulation, lower taxes, fiscal responsibility and a strong national defense."

 I'm not going to pretend that many of us have the time to read a 53 page report - at least one that's not for work or school. But if you have some time... read or skim through urlLink the report Antonio Taguba wrote after his investigation of prisoner abuse in Iraq. It's stomach-turning.

 I'm still trying to figure out how to write a weblog again after being away for so long... but thanks to urlLink you and urlLink you and a few non-weblogger readers for the kind welcome back. I like the idea of coming full circle... back to the original home for this weblog... where it started 4 years ago. So... here's to a new beginning and the old home becomes the permanent new one.

 My friend Drew emailed today, saying he and his boyfriend are going to Toronto for Memorial Day Weekend. "And what about you?" he asked. I will be in TO for Pride at the end of June. That is decided. What happens at the end of this month is up in the air. But it would be fun to have a weekend in the city. Spring has been cold and dreary, overall, and the result is that I'm still acting as though it's early spring, when -- in fact -- summer is nearly upon us. The result of that result: no plans made for summer vacation, travel, etc. One exception: Toronto Pride. Contrast my lack of planning with my friend Chris, who wrote the following last week: "David and I are going to Montreal for Christmas and we've decided to spend a couple days in Toronto. What do you recommend for hotels?" This is Chris, all the way. It's early May and he's booking for December. There's nothing necessarily wrong with my approach, except that if I don't get my act together soon, most of the summer will be gone before I even plan one little getaway.

 Here it is... courtesy of urlLink Josh Marshall ... the urlLink ICRC report on prisoner abuse . The Wall Street Journal broke the story in its Monday issue that the Red Cross had been complaining about torture and mistreatment-- often to the highest levels of the military-- since last year. Antonio Taguba testifies today... and his testimony will be particularly interesting, particularly because his higher-ups want to portray the torture as the actions of a few soldiers. It's increasingly apparent that's not the case.

 Ok one more techie thing... since I've been in the mood for most of the day-- checking out new phones, new PDA's, etc. Here is a urlLink new DVR from Sony that has a terabyte of storage and seven TV tuners inside. Yes, assuming that you could find seven shows on at the same time that you would actually want to watch, this device has the capacity to record them. A terabyte sounds ridiculous, but frankly, in the world of HDTV, you're going to need about that much space to record shows in HD and still have something close to about 50 hours of capacity to work with. Yes, this is a whole different scale. As usual, this device is only to be available in Japan and may never make it here. But whatever the case, we're not far from having digital video recorders like this, since the technology is forcing this kind of capacity.

 Leftover Mu-Shoo Chicken from the night before can make for delicious (and salty) breakfast.

 I've been on a quest for weeks now to find a good RSS news reader. I do a lot of traveling around the web to read the stories and weblogs I'm interested in. My weblog blogroll alone is a mile long, as you can plainly see. But I've been trying to aggregate a great deal of that content in one place to save some time. There are at least a couple dozen programs that pull together content from news sites and weblogs, using RSS feeds. The problem is that a lot of them are annoying to use. But, I can announce that after searching and testing all kinds of readers-- from Aggreg8 to FeedDemon to Radio Userland-- I've found one that I really like: urlLink Newsgator . It integrates into Microsoft Outlook seamlessly, so you already have a good interface for looking at the feeds. And adding feeds is easy. There's even a wizard to help you find the RSS content you want. It costs money, but you get a couple of weeks to check it out before you have to plunk down cash. I won't say anything more about this; this isn't a techie weblog. But if you're looking for a good RSS reader and you use Outlook, NewsGator might be an option.

 hmmm... seems a somewhat auspicious day to make a return to this little business of weblogging after a hiatus. Quiet day... late morning in bed, a little of this and a little of that, then up, showered, to brunch. The bf is taking his mom out today so i'm home alone now, with a little cleaning on the agenda, some laundry, and a call home to Mom. Hello again, people.

 Go figure.

 Thanks for the notes about the Canadian elections... interesting stuff from Canadians as well as others. We'll get back to normal here later today or tomorrow.

 The elections are over. And now, please cue the remarkably bad analysis. Remarkably bad might be a bit much, although Andrew Coyne's shift from Conservative Triumphalism on Saturday to urlLink Bitter Old Crone this morning in the National Post marks one edge of the Lunatic Fringe. The urlLink Globe and Mail also goes a bit too far, in my opinion... and seems too dire by a touch in its assessment of what this election will mean for westerners, for instance. Make no mistake, there are deep divisions, but perhaps we shouldn't jump to the conclusion that these will end Canada As We Know It. The Canadian media made a couple of errors that the American media has made in assessing voter attitudes and intent. First, there was a lack of sense about voter behavior and the very simple tendency of angry voters to simmer down and think more carefully and strategically when stationed in the booth with a ballot in front of them. Second, media discovered, to their dismay, that voters failed to stick to the simple script they had written for this election: the voters are mad as hell and not going to take it anymore. Well, in fact, that was not the case. Voters were, and are, angry and pissy, but their response has been punishment, not blind rage. Paul Martin has a mandate, even though he and his party now enter a phase of minority rule. The mandate is, perhaps, not the traditional affirmation from voters. But, in fact, 39% of voters have turned to the Liberal party... and more than half of voters have allied themselves with the center-left policies of the Liberal and New Democratic parties, not to mention the considerable support for the Bloc in Quebec. Part of this mandate is to continue those center-left policies, yes. But part of that mandate is also an expectation that the Liberals will keep their promises and clean up their act. This is punishment, but it's kind of like the judgment a parent would pass on a child: you can be forgiven, but there will be consequences. Two key themes, then, in my opinion: punishment, but ultimately, acceptance of the Liberals. It might be a grudging acceptance in the absence of an acceptable alternative, but acceptance is what it is. Politics isn't often pretty and this victory is a perfect example. The other theme is the repudiation of Stephen Harper's Conservatives. Not for all time, perhaps. But despite an election called just weeks after the party merger, voters gave Harper a chance and then turned away from him to return, largely, to the center-left. Some of this was because of negative advertising. Some of this was because of uncertainty. But it was also because Harper was unable or unwilling to present a clear, unambiguous vision for Canada. When he did talk vision, Liberals accused him of a secret agenda. Why did the charge stick? Because Harper's statements and careful reporting seemed to give credence to that view. It was also because Harper's desire to present a moderate face to Canadian voters was difficult to sustain in his stitched-together coalition as other members of his party stepped forward with more extreme views about abortion and gay rights, among other issues. Issues like the long-term prospects for Liberals in the West, and Canadians' concerns about democracy aren't dire. But that's not to say they don't exist and that they don't need to be addressed. What is called for is a sense of proportion. And now, let's look ahead to a minority government for Canada. The experience of minority government has been positive, in part. Maybe that will be the case this time. It will certainly be interesting.

 Harper is expected to appear momentarily to speak to supporters in Calgary and concede the election to the Liberals.

 There are still votes to be counted and at this point it looks as though about 30 seats are still not locked in yet... but we can definitely point to a Liberal minority government, with Jack Layton (woohoo!) and the NDP serving as the linchpin in the next Parliament. At the moment, he's speaking at his party's event in Toronto, with mixed emotions no doubt since his wife, Olivia Chow, lost her chance to go to Ottawa, representing the Trinity-Spadina region. A marvelous evening for the NDP with a gain of 8 seats and 6.5 percentage points. Layton on the Liberals: "We will hold them to" their promises. "We will find how interesting Paul Martin finds the idea of proportional representation." The Bloc looks to walk away with 56 seats... another thrilling win for the Bloc in Quebec.

 CTV News now predicts a Liberal minority government.

 CBC News predicts a Liberal minority government.

 We're, of course, looking at very early results coming in from Ontario and so the numbers aren't as important at the moment, but what we must note is the strong showing the Liberals are enjoying right out of the gate in Ontario. The held on in Atlantic Canada and now in Ontario, the results are -- at first blush-- better than one might have predicted. Let's not get carried away, but it's an early and potentially hopeful sign.

 It's worth noting, since I skipped over it the first time around in analyzing the Atlantic results: The NDP has performed quite well, gaining 6 percentage points in the Atlantic region. This result didn't translate into more seats, but it is worth noting.

 Lest I forget, an important symbolic in the riding of Kings-Hants for Scott Brison, who left the Progressive Conservatives for the Liberals after the merger. Brison is openly gay, but has shown the ability to serve his constituents well... and despite some hard feelings in his riding, he has achieved a solid victory. Here's a urlLink CBC News backgrounder on Brison .

 No results from Fredericton yet and no one seems to be sure why, but otherwise, Atlantic Canada is delivering stronger results for the Liberals than in 2000. The Conservatives are performing less well and the NDP is either elected in, or leading in, 4 ridings. The analysts on CBC and CTV are focusing mainly on perception of the new Conservatives and connections to the old Alliance party, which aren't a big help in Atlantic Canada.

 While we're awaiting the early results from the Atlantic provinces... check out this prediction of a fundamental, and most likely, disturbing change for Canada predicted by the urlLink National Post's Andrew Coyne on Saturday. A good deal of it is social conservative utopianism and, thus, can be dismissed. But it's just scary enough that it's worth paying attention to.

 Turnout has been heavy throughout the day, according to reports from CBC News and Global News Toronto. There have been more than 1.2 million votes cast in advance of today's elections, as well. Global News Toronto is projecting 57 seats for the Liberals and 40 for the Conservatives in Ontario, based on the latest poll results. What do the poll results of the past few days mean when voter turnout is much higher than expected-- as appears to be the case? Good question and one area of interest as we prepare for election returns, which begin on the east coast in about an hour.

 I'm all rested from Toronto Pride now and ready to go with results from the Canadian federal elections. Live coverage begins here at 7pm... and will continue until we achieve some clarity with the results. urlLink

 If you think Pride is about much more than horrifying images of half-naked, half drunk, half-stoned, staggering individuals... then you haven't actually been to a Pride event. Now, now, it's not that bad. It is about more than that, and only a reasonably small number of individuals were half-drunk or stoned. OK, that's not quite true. Still, Pride in Toronto was, once again, a happy romp with several hundred thousand people who have one thing-- and often, only one thing-- in common. It's the one time of year I'm exposed to that many gay and lesbian people, and even though it's a bit much, it's also an educational experience and-- not to get all sappy and shit, but you can feel this odd sense of unity with all those people. What you're wearing doesn't matter. Where you're pierced doesn't matter. What you think about politics or art or books doesn't matter. At least it doesn't for a couple of days when everybody can come together, have a good time and feel some sense of unity, however fleeting. There was a distinct political element to Pride this year... more so than last year. Marriage remains a major issue, but this year, many Americans and Canadians shared the desire to put allies into positions of power or keep them there. There were Democratic organizers there trying to register Americans for the elections. And Canada's elections loomed large, what with all the uncertainty about the outcome, and a strong opposition to Stephen Harper. In America, the point is to kick Bush out. In Canada, it's to keep Harper from getting in. The Liberal party handed out "Stop Harper" buttons... and that seemed to be the only message the Grits had for Gay and Lesbian Canadians yesterday. Nothing very forward-looking about that. The NDP contigent, with urlLink Olivia Chow in front, presented probably the most positive pro-gay message. Certainly better than the Conservatives. Two Blue candidates rode through the parade, accompanied by a chorus of boos, basically begging for votes because they support same-sex marriage, even though their party doesn't. More about politics in a separate post, yet to come. Non-gay type notes from the weekend: urlLink Digital radio is alive and strong in Toronto. Most stations are already transmitting in the new digital spectrum, although one of my personal favorites - urlLink Flow 93.5 - isn't. Neither, apparently, is the CBC/SRC channel, with the four CBC networks. The CBC case seems to be a technical problem.

 Toronto Pride is this weekend. It's not going to be warm, but there's a decent chance it will be sunny and so it will be reasonably pleasant. It'll also be a good weekend to take Canada's pulse on what is almost certain to be a very close election. I'm no expert, so I'm accepting the consensus that what we'll see next is a minority government, with the possibility that the Liberals and NDP might be able to win enough seats together to lead. Who knows about that second part. Martin has already said that the party winning the most seats should have first chance at forming a government. Well, I'm not going to dwell on this kind of speculation. It's not my strong suit. It's like trying to write your dissertation in your second language. You might be able to do it, but it ain't easy. The weekend won't be busy. Buddies features comedians at "Homo Night in Canada" tonight, with dancing to follow. We'll be there for that. There's the parade on Sunday. And in between... lots of people-watching, perhaps a visit to the Royal Ontario Museum, maybe the CBC Museum (I may have to go there by myself). My boyfriend has a group of deaf friends who meet the last Friday night of every month at Timothy's on Church St, so we'll hang out there for a while tonight. We're also taking a couple of good books. We might see a movie. I refuse to get into all the shit that goes along with Pride. We should take a dog, just in case any other urlLink wackos reach TO with a carload of guns .

 It's not in today's paper, but if you're lucky, the urlLink Globe and Mail website will still have the latest picture of a party leader eating ice cream. Today, it's Bloc Quebecois leader Gilles Duceppe. mmmm. Previously featured... Conservative party leader Stephen Harper and PM Paul Martin, both munching on cones. Unless I missed it, we await a photo of NDP leader Jack Layton peering from behind a mountain of ice cream. Green Party leader Jim Harris is demanding equal time. Vanilla, please.

 Four days to the federal elections and among us political junkies, there's a growing sense of excitement. At this point, it's likely to be close and it's likely to result in a minority government. There are lots of studies about how minority governments behave and whether they last and whether they accomplish much, but for pure intrigue, you can't beat them. If I lived in Canada, I would be somewhere between Liberal and NDP in my political orientation. So my personal interest lies in seeing that kind of combination. The Alberta Health Care Flap -- is it a Flap? Yes-- has left the Conservatives looking a little stupid. Alberta's Premier had planned to release a new health plan two days after the elections, a plan that was likely to include provisions for greater private service, etc. Basically, a major reform that the Premier had already said would likely violate the Canada Health Act, and one that voters wouldn't find out about until after they had cast their ballots. After a Liberal outcry, Premier Ralph Klein promised he would reveal the full plan yesterday. But his government gave only partial details of the plan. (The Bush administration is really good at that: promising full disclosure and revealing almost nothing.) So, the story morphed into "Klein fails to reveal full plans for Medicare." And, indeed, that's the play it got last night, and is still getting urlLink this morning . urlLink Soblo thinks this controversy over Alberta health care reforms could be the undoing of Stephen Harper. He's more knowledgeable than I am about Canadian politics - it may well be. I watched Paul Martin's appearance on CBC last night. I saw it on the Halifax feed so I could go to bed earlier, there being few other reasons to watch CBC Halifax. Overweight Canadians expressed their thoughts about the issues and flailed helplessly at the Prime Minister, who displayed his usual verbal dishevelment. A good finance minister doesn't necessarily make for a good Prime Minister. But at this point, voters seem more concerned about how Stephen Harper would be as a leader. And more and more of them seem to conclude that he wouldn't be that good.

 WASHINGTON, June 22  The White House this afternoon released a stack of internal documents on the treatment of war prisoners to back up President Bush's declaration hours earlier that torture is "not part of our soul." Consider it more of a hobby...

 A lot of spinning going on among Liberals and Conservatives over the new Ipsos-Reid poll showing a 6% Liberal lead. The rejoinder from the C's- the real vote is on Monday- is barely worth a "nice try." It may be the Liberals are closer to the mark in saying this is the result of Ontarians giving the party a second look. Here's what I would do if I was running things over at the NDP. I would continue to play up the importance of the NDP being a key player in the next government, whether it's minority Conservative or Liberal. I would continue to deliver a few good punches at Paul Martin. But I would allow for a subtle tilt toward the Liberals. Nothing too apparent, just aiming a few more of my guns at the Conservatives in Ontario now that they're down a little. Because for the NDP, the point is to be a key part of the next government. And that's really only possible, and palatable, if it's a minority Liberal government. I think Layton is already starting to do this... or at least that's how I interpret some of his actions over the past 24 hours.

 My National Post today says that "Harper Widens Seat Lead." I'm not too sure about this. I've not seen his seat. But more seriously, there's the latest Ipsos-Reid poll for CTV and the Globe and Mail showing the Liberals ahead by six points. urlLink Soblo says this puts the Liberals and new-fangled Tories essentially back where they started a few weeks ago. So what's with the seats? The National Post and Montreal Gazette, sister papers, say 126 Conservative seats, 95 Liberals, 60 for the Bloc and 27 NDP. The Globe and Mail extrapolates based on its new poll: 110 seats each for L and C. The papers report most of the country has decided, except for Ontarians, which is interesting; maybe they're trying to decide just how angry they are at the Liberals, and just how concerned they might be about a Harper government. Last month, I said I wasn't going to concentrate too much on polls. But frankly, in a race this close and this uncertain, the polls can provide good snapshots of how people are agonizing over choices. If predictions come true, there will be a low turnout, and that only increases uncertainty. And there are 5 more days of politicking before Monday's elections. That's plenty of time for another stupid Conservative move - child porn, for instance - or another Liberal gaffe. We will see. I don't want Harper, or his hardened helmet of hair, running the show. In the past few days, I've felt cautious optimism.

 Via urlLink Soblo , a new poll from urlLink SES Research that appears to show a slight increase in support for the Liberals and the expense of Stephen Harper. The poll follows the release of a new ad from the Grits tying Harper to former PM Brian Mulroney. Soblo brought it to my attention and I'll bow to his smart analysis that it's about time that someone make that connection. Mulroney is cherished like smallpox. I just saw the ad and it's good. I think this is a turning point for the Liberals, potentially. But it's so close that the next week will be fascinating, and more negative than ever. The poll shows an increase in support for the NDP, which is interesting. I still wonder how strong the support is for Layton. He's trying to hold it together but there's a segment of NDP voters which could leach away to the Liberals. My mind is mush right now but I'll likely go on and on about all of this next week.

 It got mention on urlLink Here and Now yesterday... and here he is: urlLink Toronto Mayor David Miller attired in leather and apparently quite enjoying himself as he proclaims that Toronto Pride "should be publicized all over North America." On his Pride day fashion strategy: "I'll be wearing clothes." Good move.

 Good article from Lockergnome's Chris Pirillo on why urlLink you should say goodbye to Internet Explorer . Yes, there are some webpages that are written specifically for IE; and yes, it's good to fire up IE every once in a while for Windows Update. Otherwise, take Pirillo's advice (and mine, and urlLink Madlife's ) and get urlLink Firefox . Pirillo presents all the security and other reasons why Firefox consistently outranks other browsers. But I've been using it since it was a baby because of its combination of power, speed, simplicity and robustness. You just can't beat it.

 I've not been finding the time I need to keep up with the weblog in the past week. Sorry about this. It's not for lack of things to talk about. There's plenty to talk about. It's finding the time to engage the keyboard. That necessary time has been in short supply. I've been off in a variety of different directions, as is usually the case with me. I've been writing a series of long "think pieces" for work on a range of strategic issues. So at the end of the day, I've not had much desire to spend any more time typing and proofreading than I already have. I've reached what I'll call "Mansbridge Overload" on the Canadian federal elections. I'm still consuming about an hour a day of Canadian campaign news, above and beyond my regular diet of Canadian bacon - The World at Six, Cross Country Checkup, election TV specials on CBC, the Globe and Mail, National Post... and tonight, the English Leadership Debate. But, I've never been a big fan of Peter Mansbridge on The National. I've taken to TiVoing the show and skipping through his parts. I thought I would hate the whole Election Bus thing that CBC and the other networks are using to promote themselves. And I do. It's a big fat gimmick, except that the dude on the CBC bus is kind of cool. Mark Kelley, and Tod Maffin on Radio, have produced some really nice, quirky pieces exploring the Canadian hinterland and assessing the views of the electorate. They remind me of the pieces the American network correspondents do every four years when they discover that people actually live, however strangely, in flyover country. Except, American reports usually depict midwesterners as kindly rubes. A much larger proportion of the Canadian population lives in urban areas. But still, I haven't seen Canadian TV trying to do much more than show the quaintness of rural life and figure out what those people care about. By the way... you can read the official Bus weblog urlLink here . While I'm picking favorites, I'll also mention "Spinoff." It's a regular series of off-beat election reports. Most of it is excellent, some of it is quite funny. I don't think there are web archives of the program (CBC's Official Web Strategy places less emphasis on web-streaming than the BBC, for instance) but you can listen live online on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 11:45am ET on any of the CBC Radio One ET streams. Any online CBC station elsewhere in the country also runs it at 11:45am local time. Don't talk to me about Newfoundland Time.

 A week of never-ending work gives way to a calm and quiet Friday. The runaway schedule was not without its casualties. The Battle of Algiers was showing for a week at the cinema and has now closed, one day before I had time to see it. Hello, Netflix! Other than that, not much missed, despite the busy week. I even found a way to listen to urlLink Cross Country Checkup a day later and 1.4x faster than real time, thanks to the new Windows Media 10. I've not written about Canadian politics all week, but as with American politics, it's always there waiting for you if you've missed it for a few days. It's been an interesting week with backlash over Liberal plants running around goading Stephen Harper and now Harper's semi-positive statements about gays. Well, how positive is this? Mr. Harper dodged repeated questions on Charter rights for homosexuals, saying at one campaign stop that the issue "is not part of my election campaign. "What consenting adults do is their own business, and it's not up to me to comment on it one way or another, and it's not what people want from government officials." When he was pushed on the issue at a press conference, a crowd of Conservative supporters jeered the reporters. from today's urlLink Globe and Mail . Yes, so super encouraging. No one will be snowed by that. The social issues have the potential to trip up the Conservative campaign and that's all Liberals want right now... is to slow or stop the momentum. Conservatives are also starting to get a little cocky, talking more and more about a majority government and if there's anything you don't want to do, it's get too far ahead of where Canadian voters are. And right now, they think Conservatives are neck and neck. A quiet weekend. We're going on a little roadtrip tomorrow so I can indulge my whim and buy a urlLink DAB radio . Ok, so it's not life-changing, but nothing like having a new toy!

 This report from today's Wall Street Journal is worth reading and since it's only available to subscribers, I've reprinted without permission: Pentagon Report Set Framework For Use of Torture Security or Legal Factors Could Trump Restrictions, Memo to Rumsfeld Argued By JESS BRAVIN Staff Reporter of THE WALL STREET JOURNAL June 7, 2004; Page A1 Bush administration lawyers contended last year that the president wasn't bound by laws prohibiting torture and that government agents who might torture prisoners at his direction couldn't be prosecuted by the Justice Department. The advice was part of a classified report on interrogation methods prepared for Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld after commanders at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, complained in late 2002 that with conventional methods they weren't getting enough information from prisoners. The report outlined U.S. laws and international treaties forbidding torture, and why those restrictions might be overcome by national-security considerations or legal technicalities. In a March 6, 2003, draft of the report reviewed by The Wall Street Journal, passages were deleted as was an attachment listing specific interrogation techniques and whether Mr. Rumsfeld himself or other officials must grant permission before they could be used. The complete draft document was classified "secret" by Mr. Rumsfeld and scheduled for declassification in 2013. The draft report, which exceeds 100 pages, deals with a range of legal issues related to interrogations, offering definitions of the degree of pain or psychological manipulation that could be considered lawful. But at its core is an exceptional argument that because nothing is more important than "obtaining intelligence vital to the protection of untold thousands of American citizens," normal strictures on torture might not apply. The president, despite domestic and international laws constraining the use of torture, has the authority as commander in chief to approve almost any physical or psychological actions during interrogation, up to and including torture, the report argued. Civilian or military personnel accused of torture or other war crimes have several potential defenses, including the "necessity" of using such methods to extract information to head off an attack, or "superior orders," sometimes known as the Nuremberg defense: namely that the accused was acting pursuant to an order and, as the Nuremberg tribunal put it, no "moral choice was in fact possible." According to Bush administration officials, the report was compiled by a working group appointed by the Defense Department's general counsel, William J. Haynes II. Air Force General Counsel Mary Walker headed the group, which comprised top civilian and uniformed lawyers from each military branch and consulted with the Justice Department, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Defense Intelligence Agency and other intelligence agencies. It isn't known if President Bush has ever seen the report. A Pentagon official said some military lawyers involved objected to some of the proposed interrogation methods as "different than what our people had been trained to do under the Geneva Conventions," but those lawyers ultimately signed on to the final report in April 2003, shortly after the war in Iraq began. The Journal hasn't seen the full final report, but people familiar with it say there were few substantial changes in legal analysis between the draft and final versions. A military lawyer who helped prepare the report said that political appointees heading the working group sought to assign to the president virtually unlimited authority on matters of torture -- to assert "presidential power at its absolute apex," the lawyer said. Although career military lawyers were uncomfortable with that conclusion, the military lawyer said they focused their efforts on reining in the more extreme interrogation methods, rather than challenging the constitutional powers that administration lawyers were saying President Bush could claim. The Pentagon disclosed last month that the working group had been assembled to review interrogation policies after intelligence officials in Guantanamo reported frustration in extracting information from prisoners. At a news conference last week, Gen. James T. Hill, who oversees the offshore prison at Guantanamo as head of the U.S. Southern Command, said the working group sought to identify "what is legal and consistent with not only Geneva [but] ... what is right for our soldiers." He said Guantanamo is "a professional, humane detention and interrogation operation ... bounded by law and guided by the American spirit." Gen. Hill said Mr. Rumsfeld gave him the final set of approved interrogation techniques on April 16, 2003. Four of the methods require the defense secretary's approval, he said, and those methods had been used on two prisoners. He said interrogators had stopped short of using all the methods lawyers had approved. It remains unclear what actions U.S. officials took as a result of the legal advice. Critics who have seen the draft report said it undercuts the administration's claims that it recognized a duty to treat prisoners humanely. The "claim that the president's commander-in-chief power includes the authority to use torture should be unheard of in this day and age," said Michael Ratner, president of the Center for Constitutional Rights, a New York advocacy group that has filed lawsuits against U.S. detention policies. "Can one imagine the reaction if those on trial for atrocities in the former Yugoslavia had tried this defense?" Following scattered reports last year of harsh interrogation techniques used by the U.S. overseas, Sen. Patrick Leahy, a Vermont Democrat, wrote to National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice asking for clarification. The response came in June 2003 from Mr. Haynes, who wrote that the U.S. was obliged to conduct interrogations "consistent with" the 1994 international Convention Against Torture and the federal Torture Statute enacted to implement the convention outside the U.S. The U.S. "does not permit, tolerate or condone any such torture by its employees under any circumstances," Mr. Haynes wrote. The U.S. also followed its legal duty, required by the torture convention, "to prevent other acts of cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment which do not amount to torture," he wrote. The U.S. position is that domestic criminal laws and the Constitution's prohibition of cruel and unusual punishments already met the Convention Against Torture's requirements within U.S. territory. The Convention Against Torture was proposed in 1984 by the United Nations General Assembly and was ratified by the U.S. in 1994. It states that "no exceptional circumstances whatsoever, whether a state of war or a threat of war, internal political instability or any other public emergency, may be invoked as a justification of torture," and that orders from superiors "may not be invoked as a justification of torture." That prohibition was reaffirmed after the Sept. 11 attacks by the U.N. panel that oversees the treaty, the Committee Against Torture, and the March 2003 report acknowledged that "other nations and international bodies may take a more restrictive view" of permissible interrogation methods than did the Bush administration. The report then offers a series of legal justifications for limiting or disregarding antitorture laws and proposed legal defenses that government officials could use if they were accused of torture. A military official who helped prepare the report said it came after frustrated Guantanamo interrogators had begun trying unorthodox methods on recalcitrant prisoners. "We'd been at this for a year-plus and got nothing out of them" so officials concluded "we need to have a less-cramped view of what torture is and is not." The official said, "People were trying like hell how to ratchet up the pressure," and used techniques that ranged from drawing on prisoners' bodies and placing women's underwear on prisoners heads -- a practice that later reappeared in the Abu Ghraib prison -- to telling subjects, "I'm on the line with somebody in Yemen and he's in a room with your family and a grenade that's going to pop unless you talk." Senior officers at Guantanamo requested a "rethinking of the whole approach to defending your country when you have an enemy that does not follow the rules," the official said. Rather than license torture, this official said that the report helped rein in more "assertive" approaches. Methods now used at Guantanamo include limiting prisoners' food, denying them clothing, subjecting them to body-cavity searches, depriving them of sleep for as much as 96 hours and shackling them in so-called stress positions, a military-intelligence official said. Although the interrogators consider the methods to be humiliating and unpleasant, they don't view them as torture, the official said. The working-group report elaborated the Bush administration's view that the president has virtually unlimited power to wage war as he sees fit, and neither Congress, the courts nor international law can interfere. It concluded that neither the president nor anyone following his instructions was bound by the federal Torture Statute, which makes it a crime for Americans working for the government overseas to commit or attempt torture, defined as any act intended to "inflict severe physical or mental pain or suffering." Punishment is up to 20 years imprisonment, or a death sentence or life imprisonment if the victim dies. "In order to respect the president's inherent constitutional authority to manage a military campaign ... (the prohibition against torture) must be construed as inapplicable to interrogations undertaken pursuant to his commander-in chief authority," the report asserted. (The parenthetical comment is in the original document.) The Justice Department "concluded that it could not bring a criminal prosecution against a defendant who had acted pursuant to an exercise of the president's constitutional power," the report said. Citing confidential Justice Department opinions drafted after Sept. 11, 2001, the report advised that the executive branch of the government had "sweeping" powers to act as it sees fit because "national security decisions require the unity in purpose and energy in action that characterize the presidency rather than Congress." The lawyers concluded that the Torture Statute applied to Afghanistan but not Guantanamo, because the latter lies within the "special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States, and accordingly is within the United States" when applying a law that regulates only government conduct abroad. Administration lawyers also concluded that the Alien Tort Claims Act, a 1789 statute that allows noncitizens to sue in U.S. courts for violations of international law, couldn't be invoked against the U.S. government unless it consents, and that the 1992 Torture Victims Protection Act allowed suits only against foreign officials for torture or "extrajudicial killing" and "does not apply to the conduct of U.S. agents acting under the color of law." The Bush administration has argued before the Supreme Court that foreigners held at Guantanamo have no constitutional rights and can't challenge their detention in court. The Supreme Court is expected to rule on that question by month's end. For Afghanistan and other foreign locations where the Torture Statute applies, the March 2003 report offers a narrow definition of torture and then lays out defenses that government officials could use should they be charged with committing torture, such as mistakenly relying in good faith on the advice of lawyers or experts that their actions were permissible. "Good faith may be a complete defense" to a torture charge, the report advised. "The infliction of pain or suffering per se, whether it is physical or mental, is insufficient to amount to torture," the report advises. Such suffering must be "severe," the lawyers advise, and they rely on a dictionary definition to suggest it "must be of such a high level of intensity that the pain is difficult for the subject to endure." The law says torture can be caused by administering or threatening to administer "mind-altering substances or other procedures calculated to disrupt profoundly the sense of personality." The Bush lawyers advised, though, that it "does not preclude any and all use of drugs" and "disruption of the senses or personality alone is insufficient" to be illegal. For involuntarily administered drugs or other psychological methods, the "acts must penetrate to the core of an individual's ability to perceive the world around him," the lawyers found. Gen. Hill said last week that the military didn't use injections or chemicals on prisoners. After defining torture and other prohibited acts, the memo presents "legal doctrines ... that could render specific conduct, otherwise criminal, not unlawful." Foremost, the lawyers rely on the "commander-in-chief authority," concluding that "without a clear statement otherwise, criminal statutes are not read as infringing on the president's ultimate authority" to wage war. Moreover, "any effort by Congress to regulate the interrogation of unlawful combatants would violate the Constitution's sole vesting of the commander-in-chief authority in the president," the lawyers advised. Likewise, the lawyers found that "constitutional principles" make it impossible to "punish officials for aiding the president in exercising his exclusive constitutional authorities" and neither Congress nor the courts could "require or implement the prosecution of such an individual." To protect subordinates should they be charged with torture, the memo advised that Mr. Bush issue a "presidential directive or other writing" that could serve as evidence, since authority to set aside the laws is "inherent in the president." The report advised that government officials could argue that "necessity" justified the use of torture. "Sometimes the greater good for society will be accomplished by violating the literal language of the criminal law," the lawyers wrote, citing a standard legal text, "Substantive Criminal Law" by Wayne LaFave and Austin W. Scott. "In particular, the necessity defense can justify the intentional killing of one person ... so long as the harm avoided is greater." In addition, the report advised that torture or homicide could be justified as "self-defense," should an official "honestly believe" it was necessary to head off an imminent attack on the U.S. The self-defense doctrine generally has been asserted by individuals fending off assaults, and in 1890, the Supreme Court upheld a U.S. deputy marshal's right to shoot an assailant of Supreme Court Justice Stephen Field as involving both self-defense and defense of the nation. Citing Justice Department opinions, the report concluded that "if a government defendant were to harm an enemy combatant during an interrogation in a manner that might arguably violate criminal prohibition," he could be justified "in doing so in order to prevent further attacks on the United States by the al Qaeda terrorist network." Mr. LaFave, a law professor at the University of Illinois, said he was unaware that the Pentagon used his textbook in preparing its legal analysis. He agreed, however, that in some cases necessity could be a defense to torture charges. "Here's a guy who knows with certainty where there's a bomb that will blow New York City to smithereens. Should we torture him? Seems to me that's an easy one," Mr. LaFave said. But he said necessity couldn't be a blanket justification for torturing prisoners because of a general fear that "the nation is in danger." For members of the military, the report suggested that officials could escape torture convictions by arguing that they were following superior orders, since such orders "may be inferred to be lawful" and are "disobeyed at the peril of the subordinate." Examining the "superior orders" defense at the Nuremberg trials of Nazi war criminals, the Vietnam War prosecution of U.S. Army Lt. William Calley for the My Lai massacre and the current U.N. war-crimes tribunals for Rwanda and the former Yugoslavia, the report concluded it could be asserted by "U.S. armed forces personnel engaged in exceptional interrogations except where the conduct goes so far as to be patently unlawful." The report seemed "designed to find the legal loopholes that will permit the use of torture against detainees," said Mary Ellen O'Connell, an international-law professor at the Ohio State University who has seen the report. "CIA operatives will think they are covered because they are not going to face liability."

 Lou Cannon's urlLink massive obituary is probably as close as we can get to the last word on Ronald Reagan. It's brilliance lies in Cannon's understanding that Reagan wasn't an ideologue, at least in the way we identify ideologues today. He had deep convictions about communism, and about the greatness of America. Those and other convictions drove him. But there was a kind of pragmatism that also informed his politics - from compromises on tax increases in the mid-1980's to the INF treaty with the Soviet Union. History undergoes constant reassessment. His deficits seemed massive and insurmountable when he left office. We learned two lessons in the last 15 years: we could find our way back to surpluses; and others could create much larger deficits. History probably will never let him off the hook for his insensitivity to the homeless; for what many consider his criminal neglect of the victims of AIDS. Richard Clarke has asked us to see Reagan's lack of a strong response to terror as an encouragement to groups like, al Qaeda, that would come later. He will probably never get all the credit for the fall of the Berlin Wall and the end of the Soviet Union. By 1980, the USSR was a rotting edifice. But there is no doubt that Reagan played a pivotal role the making the 1980's the final decade of Soviet-style communism. Without doubt, he restored American confidence, which had been shattered by Vietnam and a general sense of decline and malaise. President Clinton's idea of America as a force for democracy in the world is a legacy of Reagan's restoration of confidence. But is President George W. Bush's arrogance, over-confidence, and over-willingness to use American power also a legacy of the Reagan Revolution? A mixed record. But would you expect anything less from one of the most important Presidents of the 20th century?

 There are few who are more qualified to write about Ronald Reagan than biographer Lou Cannon. Here's his urlLink obituary of the former President from The Washington Post.

 1911-2004

 Heard an interview last night on urlLink As It Happens with a spokesperson from the Green Party lamenting the party's exclusion once again from the leadership debate. Credible, well-argued. The party is what we would call fringe in American politics and thus far, it's not won a single seat in Parliament. But it does have a regional power base and a thin layer of support spreading across the rest of the country. If I remember correctly (I'm in an airport with sluggish wireless, so pardon my decision not to double-check) the Greens are around 6% in the last poll. They've apparently reached the threshhold to receive government funding. Listening the interview last night, I thought yeah their candidate should be in the debate, too. It's kind of ironic because if it were the US elections we were talking about, I would say don't include them... unless they were fielding a high profile candidate. One of those opinions is probably wrong.

 I meant to bring up "The Day After Tomorrow" yesterday. (Does that make sense?) Anyway, I forgot. We saw it Monday. Favorite Audience Moment: A George Bush-type President is told of the unfolding weather catastrophe and, at a loss, turns to a Vice President who looks like Dick Cheney for advice. I've written before about urlLink my perverse love of disaster movies . On a scale of 1-10, this was a 7. It merits a 7 for the scenes in which a four-headed tornado destroys Los Angeles. Too much panoramic view: I like close-up destruction. But the wide shots show the scale of the special effect, so that's what we got. Quite satisfying. I would have given it an 8 except that the giant wave that overtook New York City really didn't destroy the city. The tall buildings remained standing. Yes, freezing causes lots of damage. But it's not the same. I loved the Amero-centric point of view: oh yeah, Europe froze, too , was the general message. How fitting for Fox. Remember... "Armageddon" extended a hand to our European allies, offering up the destruction of Paris. There's a momentary shot of a lurching needle on a seismograph during the tornadic destruction of LA. But they didn't go any further with that thought. An earthquake during a tornado would just be piling on.

 The Globe and Mail has the latest installment of its series urlLink "Will Chandler Vote?" ... following 23 year old Chandler Powell from the University of Toronto, as he tries to decide if he'll vote at all in the federal elections; and if so, for whom? He has some smart things to say and he's also kind of hot. (Unfortunately, I don't think his picture is included in the Internet version of the story.) I'd like to talk with him about the election. Personally . Martin's people have changed tactics... standard political playbook stuff... to deal with the fact that probably 70% of Canada is pissed off at him. That has to be worked on first because you can't effectively raise questions about your opponent(s) if you have a serious credibility problem. Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty will be sent to urlLink Promise Keepers for pledging not to raise taxes, and then... uh-huh. Nothing else strikes me as all that pressing at the moment. I'll defer to the urlLink BlogWorld's Senior Correspondent on the Canadian Elections for additional news. If you've read his weblog over the last 6 months, you've encountered a growing amount of good political writing about Canada and America, including his evolving views of Martin, Layton, etc.

 Run, don't walk, to the nearest theater showing the documentary " urlLink Super Size Me ." We had the first opportunity to see it last night and loved every minute of it. Director and All-McDonalds-All-the-Time Guinea Pig Morgan Spurlock was charming and funny. And unlike Michael Moore, who recently has created documentaries that seem to focus as much on himself as they do on his subject, Spurlock manages to let himself be part of the story without seeming to compete with the issue for center stage. He's quite funny but also clearly presents the case that nutritionists and other healthy eating advocates have been trying to make for years, but perhaps without as much success: fast food is horrible for your body. He makes the case clearly and convincingly, without getting overly preachy. This is one of those rare films where I wished everyone could see it, but that I also enjoyed immensely. See it now.

 The Globe and Mail's urlLink website calmly states the tide might be turning toward the Conservatives in Canada's federal elections. But the paper itself features the giant numbers 34-30, the slim lead the Liberals now have over the Conservatives in the new Ipsos-Reid Poll, commissioned by CTV and the Globe and Mail. It's the lowest poll number for the Liberals since Martin became PM in December. On one level, the poll confirms the gut feeling of many during the first full week of campaigning. Paul Martin didn't do poorly, but it was no breakthrough week. The Conservative's Stephen Harper, on the other hand, was the winner after the first round of campaign appearances; Mr. Stiffie stuck to his script with barely a stumble. On another level, though, the polls could also be the result of media coverage, which was generally more harsh on Martin-- the classic front-runner heading for a fall. Harper got off much more lightly by comparison... the NDP's Jack Layton also drawing attention away from Harper with a political incorrect gaffe last week essentially blaming the PM for the deaths of homeless people. Harper's coverage was generally positive. But the news media follows its own script. And once the darling becomes front-runner, journalists begin the process of dissecting and dismantling him. Expect Harper to have to answer more questions about some of the less-palatable statements he's made in his recent past. And expect a more careful examination of his platform, which manages to dramatically increase spending while promising taxes lower than in the US. It probably doesn't add up and the next week or two will be a close examination of Stephen Harper and what he plans to do for Canada. The story of the day is the potential for a Conservative minority government with the Bloc Quebecois as the junior partner. Fascinating, but likely? Certainly an odd couple, but the fact is that this latest poll shows that the Liberals couldn't put together a majority with the NDP because the NDP is basically nowhere to be found. Jack Layton got a lot of media attention last week, much of it the kind he probably didn't want. In the most recent elections, the NDP has failed the climb out of the single digits, so at this point, perhaps anything is an improvement. I'm beginning to ramble, so let's get out. A couple of things to watch: young people apparently have been leaning toward Harper, or so I heard a couple of times last week. I haven't seen a good breakout of demographics so I'll keep my eyes open for that. I've been paying a lot of attention to the Liberal collapse in Ontario. Ontarians are angry about the broken tax promise of the provincial Liberals. It'll be interesting to see how deep and lasting that anger is. Oh, and so much for the high-mindedness. A week ago, the CBC nearly broke its arm patting itself on the back for how wonderful its election coverage was going to be. "We won't focus on the horse race," we were told. The CBC was to present a searing, important conversation among Canadians about the future direction of the country. Which lasted for about a day. The CBC has done a better job of staying on message, but it's hard to resist the joy of dualing messages from party war rooms flashing across Blackberry devices from coast to coast. And look what I'm doing. A big chunk of what I've written has been about media coverage of the campaign and not the issues themselves. So there ya go.

 I'm on vacation this week and next and so I expect that there will be few posts while I take some time to relax and smell the roses. Have a good time, enjoy the convention, or avoid it as the case might be, and I'll talk to you again in a few days!

 I'm going to drop this urlLink airline terror story after this post because the story is bullshit. I was about to write that it's not worth the time of day... but I'll amend that because I think there need to be people who come forward and call this account what it is: bullshit. Few of you are probably regular readers of the Washington Times, but if you want to see how this story is overplayed for the fear angle (yes, Michael Moore, you're right) then urlLink check out this piece . And try not to vomit as you read vile anti-Arab statements like this: "It's a probe. They are probing us," said a second air marshal, who confirmed that Middle Eastern men try to flush out marshals by rushing the cockpit and stopping suddenly. One of the most respected airline industry analysts wrote me this last night: The story is such bullshit and even though these musicians have now been PROVEN innocent, this woman continues to get credence (and airtime, including CNN last night...) by claiming that no matter what anyone says she saw a terrorist plot being hatched.

 Mark Kelly interviewed Carmen bin laden on urlLink "The Current" this morning... an enlightening conversation and I expect CBC will have audio of it online later today or tomorrow. If you're reading this while it's still fresh, you can link over to the urlLink CBC's streams and catch it after the 11am ET News on CBC Edmonton or Calgary... or after 12 pm ET on CBC Vancouver. In the meantime... here are urlLink interview excerpts from ABC Primetime back in '01.

 If you have some free time and want to read a piece of stupid shit... check out urlLink this piece . A group of Arab-American musicians flying with their instruments causes "terror" among a group of stupid Americans... and the chief of them is the author of this piece.

 After 24 hours, Lucky is an old pro at handling the spiral staircase in my loft. He tears up and down the stairs, using them as a refuge whenever he hears a loud noise outside that he deems dangerous. Since I live in a city, that must be about every 5 minutes. Up the stairs he goes and hovers... peering over the edge waiting for some kind of cat sense of "all clear." Like any pet his age, he can be annoying as hell, wanting to play and bite and the time. The tiny scratches on my arms tell the story of our antics. And then there's the particular kitty tendency of perching and pouncing. If I tell my friends he's annoying as hell, it's because I love the little booger. The musical experiments continue and expand. He seems to enjoy classical music greatly. It's calming, even over the cacophony of the street below, and he seems to sleep easier with it on. I've been doing my own audience testing with him today and as far as I can tell, he prefers urlLink Classical 96.3 to urlLink Radio Two . 96.3 is more predictable... Radio Two has the occasional jarring piece and the clapping during a concert today sent him up the spiral staircase at high speed. Next... what Lucky thinks of American Idol and Nip & Tuck.

 I'm kitty-watching this week... a 3-month old boy who belongs to a friend of my boyfriend's. He's a joy... a complete scalliwag with far more chutzpah than you would expect from a kitten as small as he is. He's a riot to play with... all teeth and claws, now sitting on my legs peering over the top of my notebook, curious about all the tapping sounds from the keyboard, batting a paw at my fingers. Lucky is his name... and lucky is what I am since I'm getting to hear a concert featuring urlLink Measha Brueggergosman this afternoon on urlLink CBC Radio Two . I've seen her perform in person twice and she's not only a rising star, but she's ravishing. I put Radio Two on the stereo to keep Lucky company while I was out and I got a cool surprise concert from Measha when I walked in the door. Lucky was fine with Measha, the spirituals and the Copland... but the contemporary brass music has him cowering in the corner!

 Changing a Light Bulb the Christian Way How many Christians does it take to change a light bulb? Charismatic: Only 1 Hands are already in the air. Pentecostal : 10 One to change the bulb, and nine to pray against the spirit of darkness. Presbyterians: None Lights will go on and off at predestined times. Roman Catholic: None. Candles only. Baptists: At least 15. One to change the light bulb, and three committees to approve the change and decide who brings the potato salad and fried chicken. Episcopalians : 3 One to call the electrician, one to mix the drinks and one to talk about how much better the old one was. Mormons : 5 One man to change the bulb, and four wives to tell him how to do it. Unitarians: We choose not to make a statement either in favor of or against the need for a light bulb. However, if in your own journey you have found that light bulbs work for you, you are invited to write a poem or compose a modern dance about your light bulb for the next Sunday service, in which we will explore a number of light bulb traditions, including incandescent, fluorescent, 3-way, long-life, and tinted, all of which are equally valid paths to luminescence. Methodists: Undetermined Whether your light is bright, dull, or completely out, you are loved. You can be a light bulb, turnip bulb, or tulip bulb. Bring a bulb of your choice to the Sunday lighting service and a covered dish to pass around. Nazarene : 6 One woman to replace the bulb while five men review church lighting policy. Lutherans: None Lutherans don't believe in change. Amish: What's a light bulb?

 To tell the truth, I'm kind of looking forward to having urlLink al Jazeera on my TV . Not that I think it's going to happen anytime soon, thanks to the CRTC's ruling this week requiring cable or satellite providers to prevent potentially abusive content from being broadcast. Just how a cable company is going to constantly monitor a live 24 hour news network, in Arabic, and turn off objectionable content on the fly... wasn't adequately explained. Which means I won't be seeing the subversive al Jazeera on Star Choice anytime soon. Enough of that. As Mark Kelley said on "The Current" this morning... it has to be summer if we're actually talking about the Canada's media regulatory body. The weekend will be quiet. We went out on the lake last weekend, enjoying a Sunday afternoon with our favorite lesbians and acquiring sunburns; mine not as bad as my boyfriend's. We're going to see the newly-restored version of the original "Godzilla" film this weekend, and probably urlLink "The Corporation" as well.

 Work will not slow down, but if there's anything I've learned, sometimes it's not a bad idea to put your foot on the brake and pull off to the side of the road for a few minutes to survey the scene. So that's what I'm going to do now. The weblog will go on brief hiatus, as is traditional, sometime later this month. Last year, I took about 3 weeks away from writing, which seemed about right. I don't think I'll be gone that long this year, in part because I feel bad for ignoring the weblog so much already. But I expect the Internet to be free of the ToddBlog virus for 1-2 weeks. Summer is moving too quickly... too quickly for me to fully enjoy the fact that it's summer and to recognize that this is, in fact, the time when I usually get the most from the season. The weather has only recently begun to cooperate, and that's doubtless a factor. There's also work, which has been relentless. And how can we underestimate the effect of the death of the Frugal Gourmet? I liked the guy... and for years, I thought he was one of the better TV chefs. Once I was old enough to hear the stories of his interest in young men, at least some of whom apparently weren't interested in him, I tended to ignore the stories because they didn't fit with the kind of man I wanted him to be. I wanted a genial, rather goofy, guy with curly white hair to preach to me about food. But I also wanted him to be a good family man. Well, life is complicated and I've since learned that while people aren't as good as they should be, most people are as good as they can be. Was Jeff Smith one of those people? I don't know. His tantrums and occasionally boorish behavior are legendary, even by TV star standards. (At least, PBS Star standards.) It would be easy to conclude that he screwed up the one good thing he had going for him - that mini PBS empire he had built, the fans, the book sales. But perhaps it's not that simple. We all have a self-destructive streak, I think. And we will tend to find a way to do the things that we want to do, even if they are illegal, or offensive, or hurtful, or frowned on by others. The Frug probably lived his life pretty close to the way he wanted to live it. And then he bore the consequences.

 Jeff Smith, the longtime "Frugal Gourmet" on PBS, has urlLink died at the age of 65 . Smith - at one time one of America's most popular TV chefs - was plagued by lawsuits alleging sexual abuse of young men who worked for him. The scandals brought his TV career to an end.

 Sorry for being so quiet. Big time of month, fiscal year, etc., and all that crap. Everything is good with me and hope the same is the case with you! Give me a day or two to nail things down and then I'll have more to say.

 I'm interrupting my little 2 week vacation from blogging to say a thing or two about urlLink Soblo . He was one of the best of the personal experience bloggers, in my opinion, and although I don't think we've seen the last of him, I'm sorry to see him go. Personal experience bloggers walk a fine line between chronicling daily existence in all its mundane and profound moments... and indulging in narcissism. All of us have fallen into the trap at one time or another. But Soblo was as good as anyone in creating a story around his life and times that was interesting and had a natural arc. He didn't spout off just to hear himself vent. He didn't grandstand. He wasn't obnoxious about his opinions. He revealed some of his fears and misgivings. He told us when he cried. In the end, he laid bare his mistake and how he paid the price for it. He was - and is - a good guy. So that's why I feel bad for him and the events that have led him to close his weblog. This Internet thing is dangerous to any of us who think we can enjoy a certain anonymity. Some don't write about their personal life at all. Many of us who do, create shields around ourselves, often by fictionalizing chunks of the blog version of our life. But I think all of us manage to weave a large core of truth into what we write, even if the truth is difficult for outsiders to discern. And maybe our error is in being seduced into thinking our real world won't collide with the world we've created for the entertainment and edification of others - and, of ourselves. The guy who comes to life from my weblog is a slightly better version of me. Here, I'm a little smarter, a little nicer, and a little more articulate (perhaps barely) than the real me that gets up and goes to work and the gym every day. Perhaps the guy we read about over at Soblo was a little more cocky than the smart, quiet, shy guy who wrote about him. But he was pretty cool, wasn't he?

