 an email to dawn... maybe easier to post this than rewrite a post on the same thing. i don't know if this is relevant to relay to Prof. Cassel. i was sitting in my garden just breathing and enjoying a break from writing, trying to disengage my head. unexpectedly, i got in touch with Rallin's suffering. what makes him interact with the world that way. how all that anger and emotional discomfort shapes his disposition. i'm sad for him. i can identify with parts of him, what little i know about him from what he revealed in those short weeks. maybe i'm just pretending my grief and anger is his. but it struck me nonetheless. unexpected empathy that i'm grateful to have. i don't want my sharing with Prof. Cassel to result in a punishment for him. how can i manage that delicate balance between stating my concerns and creating a place to move on from? me and Rallin could have helped each other. /that's/ why this is so painful for me. ok. i need to get out of the house. go be with my mom and my brother and talk it out there. getting in touch with compassion is making this feel so much better. a disarming of sorts. see you tuesday. :) charlotte

 Shitty sleep last night trying to get comfortable with a bad back and broken ankle. I ended up sleeping with three feet of rumpled bedding under my legs. And waking up every fifteen minutes. Now to write a paper that I need a rough draft of by tonight. And to outline my presentation already. This is going to be a long one.

 When your best friend has never seen Office Space, is there anything else you can expect to achieve on a usual Saturday night? Well, this Bryan fellow had never been exposed to the Ice Cube treatment given to the mutilation of a rogue copy machine. Im satisfied. And too, he gave me a huge print of the picture I snapped of my latest and greatest self-inflicted wound. The images not posted anywhere too much red and shock for the casual viewer. But good for the artiste that Bryan is. Fifty bucks at the Fish Market in Del Mar. one of the best places in town. Who can say anything short of praise for that spot. If I could walk, Id be pining for a spot at that bar. Six skillets of goodness going on at once thats a service to society that no one questions. We did end up having a final bev/ a dessert wine and dish for Bryan. And there was Letha. A subject of many erotic dreams para me. But I said nothing. Just ingested the lovely eye candy and sipped my poison. When Im 30lbs less like Im supposed to be, Ill be back at my usual tempo and offend beautiful woman left and right. Just you wait

 that letter i wrote last night? took me so little time, i almost think i need to play with it some more - like it's too important to have come out so easily. but when i got done with the last few statemets, my eyes teared up. and i knew it was perfect because it touched me so. i'll mail it today if i can get a ride to the mailbox down the street. i'm happy. i absoutely adore that woman.

 Lets hope this turns out looking better than my ankle does. Lordy lord, does my wound look disgusting. I hope no one opened that attachment with an eating utensil in hand. I can hear forks hitting the ground from here. I walked past a box of moms hair coloring this morning after my super careful shower. Weve more or less the same color naturally, but then hers isnt hers. So I went for it. Its permanent, and no, I did not opt to make a test patch. Thats like reading the directions; it leaves no room for excitement. In fifteen more minutes, Im to wash it out. Carefully and away from a shower, I think, so the chemicals dont come anywhere near the open wound. Shit, the worst that could happen is that Id have to pay a bit to have a professional fix it. If I cant loose this gawd-awful weight for these months of dormancy, I can at least tweek my appearance in other ways. Might lift my spirits having a new look about my tired body. Seeing how incredible Amy looks this week ok, so my sights arent set so high for myself, but it sure would be nice to feel fit and sexy for once. Luis and Robin are heading up here this afternoon. Maybe get Bryan to be the fourth after he recovers from a long, early shift at the Joe. I have fun friends. I need today with them to relax and catch up. Sit on the patio with some fresh strawberries and swap tales of our current lives. It feels like summer. Just because I cant walk doesnt mean I have to watch baseball all day inside.

 So this is what I pulled together out of the evening. I need (maybe) to edit it somewhat. Send me your red ink, ok? This is what I wrote for my fav prof, to nominate her for the Harry E. Brakebill Distinguished Professor Award. 'cause I dig her. I'm going to leave her name in here... with hesitency - i don't want a name search on her to bring up my site. Bad politics being associated with me, I think. ____________________________________ It is not everyday that we students feel an electrified connection to the coursework and classes we take. Those classes that send us home at night in rapture as we mull over the experience frame by frame. But when we find that connection, it makes an impression. My classes with Professor Dawn Formo granted me that experience, and it is with pleasure that I share it with you, the committee of the Harry E. Brakebill Distinguished Professor Award. I was first introduced to Professor Formo in the spring of 2000. The course was LTWR336, Womens Literature into Film. This was my first semester at Cal State San Marcos, and I was so excited to be taking a class that combined film studies, literature, and feminism. Even more exciting was realizing what an impassioned professor we had to facilitate the class. It was clear from the beginning that the course was carefully put together, involving distributed material to cover the basics as well as the opportunity for each of us to push further into our studies to take as much from the class as we were capable. Not every class allows for this room to excel, but Dr. Formo creates space for us to challenge ourselves; a challenge I took to heart. Professor Formos energy during a lecture is contagious. She brings to the table all the passion we need as students to develop momentum in a discussion. She knows so well how to ask questions so that we are encouraged to dig deeper into our minds and ourselves. Rather than come at an issue with a preconceived agenda, she is able to open it up and let the discussion take on its own shape that we collectively give to it. Never do the sessions feel static or contrived. Dr. Formo creates a classroom environment that feels as if all of us together are breathing a whole new life into the topics we cover. Dr. Formos exceptional nature extends beyond the classroom. Always open to schedule meetings outside of class, she puts in the time to listen to the concerns of her students. She treats matters, both academic and personal, with a professionalism I admire. With a confluence of charisma and a gentle spirit, she dispels the myths surrounding one-on-one conferences with professors. I trust her; and more than that, I look up to her. I feel blessed for having met Dr. Formo. And for the opportunity of taking another class with her this semester, LTWR504. All my impressions of her from four years ago were confirmed again through the course of the term. When I leave the university after graduation, I will miss her joyful engagement and her challenging course work. But I will bring along with me the feather in my cap of having been exposed to such an innovative mind and a wonderful woman. I hereby nominate Professor Dawn Formo for the Harry E. Brakebill Distinguished Professor Award. Sincerely, Charlotte Conrad CSUSM Literature and Writing Undergraduate

 no links for you this late at night. just a couple of before-i-sleep questions. the bush twins are about to graduate... you mean they're single? rumsfeld has nothing to do with the humiliating photos. but you know, what's the big deal? i mean really, guys? who fucking cares? is making men pose at homosexuals a crime? why blow it so out of proportion? rumsfeld didn't like create a memo mandating this to transpire. and you know, i think it's the best counter to a stupid, backwards culture who executes gays. get over your pride-filled selves. i think it's a brilliant tactic. i want keith oberman to host the network news. one night of having to see the mainstream fare on more time at mom's... who can ingest this day after day?

 Was it the carnitas burrito I ate last night that did it? for the next five hours, I was trying desperately to let it back out the way it came. Not a happy camper was I last night. Im glad Amy wasnt there to hear me retching. No, it wasnt from sedation. If it wasnt the food I ate, it was surely a flu I caught by way of burrito. Amys gone, and I really wish I was in a better position to go out and play with her all week instead of loafing around trying to mask discomfort. And I would have felt a lot better had I been able to be the proper hostess. The place is a mess; I dont think she would have /wanted/ to spend her nights here. Ok, I had the weirdest dream last night. Even by my standards. A group of about thirty folks I was being initiated into. Call it the Cal State Sadomasochists Club. But we made art out of it, a sort of interpretive symbolism made to look almost like a dance of varying difficulties. Clamps affixed to sensitive places that were, in turn, affixed to someone else. Human pyramid contortions that required total mental focus. If I couldnt bear it, someone else would suffer. I earned respect by quieting down and learning to appreciate the pain, by disengaging from its immediacy. I saw the slashes of a cutter on one womans leg, and I went to touch them. Too direct; she responded like a scared animal. So I showed her my arm and sat with her in silence, gradually building a trust. She had no face; just an androgynous body and a bloody leg. Weird or really weird? I need to be with my mom for the next couple of days. Hanging around here alone isnt a good idea, I can tell already.

 Twas a tough day draining various beverage containers and asking humbly for more to follow. I awoke at the startlingly early hour of 1pm after heated dreams of class/sexuality driven battles with the powers that be in both categories. Seems my French and my French kissing didnt go over well with the cast of my dream episodes. One being inadequate and the other being unwanted. Bits of goose feathers affixed to my flesh when I woke, leading into a thorough wash-cloth cleansing. I did little outside of developing a buzz. I had three of my favorite boys come along and either use my condo to prep for tomorrows Coming Out BBQ at school or to fix me drinkies all day. And Ive got two boys now either sitting on the windowsill or monopolizing space on my carpet. Amys been busy taking care of her shit. Estrogen alert: an imbalance such as this will be amended soon.

 I made like Rambo and crawled my way up the stairs and into the computer room. After that much effort, the least I could do is to write a smidge for the ol blog. Todays feeling much better, kids. Yes, it hurts plenty. But it feels less fragile, as if the healing has a (a-hem) foothold and is no longer so vulnerable. I wish for a shower. And for the moment I can remove this boot (thurs) and clean the thing. And of course, to be at home being nursed back to health with an IV of alcohol and a breathing mask of ether. Think I may make it out of doors today to get a little sun. read the book my lovely aunt brought me yesterday. Oh, and this is the real reason why I clawed my way upstairs to the computer. I just had to post this: Can YOU tell the difference? Prof. Asshole from CSUSM? or Prof. Asshole, urlLink Olivier , from Six Feet Under ?

 Filed for unemployment today. What better to do on the eve of ones college graduation? I suppose I deserve to apply, whatever that means. Being in a whirlwind of physical problems, I really do have a legitimate claim to getting state assistance. Id been meaning to do this for months. Call it the impending graduation that finally brought me to follow through. urlLink Hideous Absinth maybe its the symbolism involved with the literary and artistic world of the 1930s, but I still wish I had a bottle. It was wild having a little in London. Kind of a slight LSD stupor, but nothing quite like the bits of paper from my teenage years. Ah, the blossoming saga of a life without a car. Bryan had committed to go with me to graduation tomorrow, but then he mysteriously changed his mind and left me in the lurch. Im not entirely sure now who I can get to take me. I may end up having to summon my parents to do all the extra driving. And now its Deana she was to take me to the beach party thing tonight, but now shes trying to squeeze in a dinner with her in-town relatives before she shows up. Is it foolish to again ask Bryan to jump in to help? Otherwise, Ill probably not be at the party for as long as Id like. Once the sun drops, I dont anticipate too many to stick around. Bush trying to intercede into the same-sex marriage. Next week marks the historic moment wherein gay marriages will be legal in Massachusetts. The struggle continues. Fortunately, the only thing backing the President is his silly Christianity. Law makes it rather clear that the anti-movement is baseless.

 Celebrating the ONE YEAR ANNIVERSARY of the current site you're viewing!

 The Saddest Music in the World will someone to take me to see this? Isabella Rossalini with no legs who gets glass ones filled with beer. A silent movie with Mark McKinney? Yes, this is all about one film. Air Talk (on LA NPR) is doing their weekly rundown on films, and again Im hearing its accolades. I hear Troy is terrible a la The Ten Commandments . Its as if the people making this film never read the Iliad at all. So whats the point? Then again, its Brad Pitt. Looking yummy like a woman in a certain way. Yet not to be confused with a homo! Patracles is merely his beloved cousin in this loose adaptation. And apparently, the film is careful to have him emerge from bed with not one but two women. Very sneaky. Then again, about 1% of American audiences have any realistic conception of the life and times of the epic poem. They wont miss a beat. Ive got my foot out of the boot, sneaking in some time of fresh air and the daily tending to the wound. As usual, it kept me up at night. The bone on the outside of my foot feeling like its broken, throbbing with a low-frequency ache. Muqtada al-Sadr? Call me corrupted with pop culture, but I keep thinking of the Lion King when I hear his full name. Hakuna Matada Yeah, Matada al Sadr. Kind of lightens the news a bit, yes? Anything to erase the images of a decapitated Nick Berg. A beach party blast tonight to celebrate the graduation of LTWR students and the books newly released by the faculty. im looking forward to it, I think. Depending on if I can pull together a confidence level from my appearance by tonight. Acne, weight, that attractive black and grey boot Ive got five hours to work at it.

 I made Bryan a urlLink blog . Been pestering him to take up the hobby for months now and since he kept putting it off, I took the initiative to set one up for him. Just, the template is unfamiliar to me, and I havent been able to add links yet. Think Ill go on working on it since i Havent really slept. Extreme pain in my foot last night. Just hollible. I think I ended up taking 3 flexerils and three vicodins over the few hours I spent under the sheets, spacing them out over the hours until the culmination in my bloodstream did the job of allowing me to deal with the pain. Oh, and an ice pack I wedged within my boot to cool the inflammation. I suppose thats what I get for cleaning the house yesterday; yet its worth it. the place looks livable again. Today, Ill finish the job. Watching the earth movers from my window to the constant sounds of beeping backup warnings. A flat piece of ground was molded into identical lots yesterday, side-by-side like steps leading nowhere. Water trucks, black smoke belching out from the impossibly big construction vehicles. Hammers, hammers, hammers. And the never ending accumulation of dust and dirt on my windowsills. Only Sunday is it quiet out here. And theres no expectation for that to change for months, possibly years from now until Twin Oaks Valley Rd pushes its way into the next town over. You know, where theyre um- building more houses, apartments and condos.

 Quality time in the house today. From the thorough cleaning of little nooks of the house to the over 30-minute conversation to catch up with my lovely Jennifer, I feel properly entitled to a nice big dinner. Invented a marinade with the West Indies hot sauce Amy brought to me as a gift (wow! thats hot), balsamic, chopped garlic, sugar, garlic salt, and olive oil. Its fabulous, and I cant wait to taste the chicken bathing in the mix in the fridge. Now to find someone to eat with me. Fresh asparagus, skewers of mushrooms and onions, and a loaf of bread from scratch. Its far too much for me to devour. But it feels good to fain functionality. Ok, an amendment to a past posting. I dont condone the prison abuse. Far from it. And truthfully, I didnt hear about the actual extent of it. I just thought they were making the guys strip in front of each other, pose them for photos to look like they were engaging in homosexual sodomy. Apologies for not being clear about this. Hearing what I heard today (I dont have TV; my information is limited), Im appalled. And embarrassed for my comments before. The only pleasure I take is grounded in the treatment of women and queers in that country by hetero men. It seemed like just desserts for their oppressive behaviour. So I, along with most of you, am shocked by the revelations brought by the photos. Yet, its war. Whos to say that murder is ok and sexual assault is not? Not a direct question, but I have a hard time when the news that X amount of Iraqis died today is brushed aside as compulsory and all this attention is placed on this, another crime of equal evil. You have to figure that this stuff happens in war. Were just not experienced as a nation with actually seeing the crimes that are routinely committed in such a situation. The real issue is this: this war never should have happened. Because this is what a war entails. There is no clean and just war. There just isnt.

 News today is so horrible, I cant speak to it directly. Can it get worse than dismembering charred bodies, worse than decapitating an innocent American on video? Yes. And will it? Yes. Imagine the taped rape of Americans. Castration, electrocution, chemical killings Yes. It can and it will get worse.

 Wrapping up some loose ends today. Going in to school to more or less say hello to my favourite prof, hanging with Bryan for some lobster bisque at Grappa and then back to my place for a heapin helpin of spinach salad, wine, and a Margaret Cho DVD. Good to have a hearty laugh and some healthy food. Good to get out and absorb a bit of sunshine, eating raw veggies and fresh fruit while keeping my mind excited with a truly interesting article on Woolf. I think Ill link it up to my VW Diaries page urlLink here . Keeping my foot out of plain view is helping too. I think I just get used to being in pain, in a compromised state of health, that I forget the severity of the situation. I mean, I feel as if I should be back out there running in a couple of weeks by the feel of the pain. And then I take a shower today and see the thing. Its horrid. Purple, all of it, with tiny steri-strips holding together a ragged incision. The size... as if a baseball was implanted into it. I forget without that ocular proof to remind me. but it helps too when it comes to forgetting the frustrated physical impotence. I woke this morning thought about graduation and the fact that I, months ago, invited KerriLou. Then emailed her to say that I wasnt going through with it. I woke this morning and saw a picture of us on my wall, and out of nowhere like a torrent of stormy emotion, I broke out into loud sobs. I hadnt even had a glass of water and a piss yet, and already I was crying. Hard, like I lost something all over again. hard, this graduation. Lots of emotions pooling just beneath the surface of my thin skin. I delivered the CD and an amazingly vibrant rose cut from my garden. Electric pink, smelling of fruit. I was shy about the exchange; glad that she wasnt in the mood to fawn over anything. Not a let down for me; I hate having my passion for being a sweetie pie to my ladies come off as inappropriately kind. Im listening to a copy of the CD right now, reviewing and reasserting confidence that I picked a winning mix. Flashbacks to Nick Hornbys High Fidelity and the art of the perfect mix tape. The art of it. I want her to feel the physical component to the aesthetic. Like that article speaks about; its both the mind and body that participate in the experience of great art. If I was truly well, Id shut the windows, turn up the music, and clean this room already. Laundry on my unmade bed is about the extent of it, but the thought of tending to it makes my foot ache. Maybe just a re-up on the orange juice medley and a long spell of just listening with my eyes closed.

 Ok, okso my ankle still hurts like mad. But at least I rested it all afternoon by laying down in the sun doing research on Woolf. I have some more prep I need to do before tonights meeting with Dawn. Before I go to school to buy my cap and gown. Yes, yes Ive decided to go to graduation after all. Disabled Student Services is making it a bit easier on me. and I think Im trying to punish myself by denying having the experience of succeeding. I need to go. Amazing what a little sun and some fake tan in a bottle will do to a squishy body. Theres some self-esteem budding in here somewhere.

 well then, i guess i fucked up this whole surgery thing. i can point my toes (gently) and ... well, i can do it. i'm cleaning the goo. shit. what now? saw the fucker off? run on it? i'm sick of this. being broken, being crippled... fuck it all. i'm running on this thing as soon as i can get permission to take off the boot. fuck health. i'm so far from optimal. who even cares anymore?

 ew... leaky bandage! who am i kidding? i can't wait to clean this thing... Im staring at a 11x18 image of the last time I wrecked my body. The details are sketchy for many of you, I know. But be happy that I never sent out this one. I spent the night making a CD for Dawn and Deanna. I didnt really know whether it had to be to one or the other. Seemed right to make one for Dawn and then make a copy for Deanna. More than worrying about who its to, I just needed a project that didnt involve decisions. Is it a sure sign that Jingo Cat is gay when hell only stick to my shoulder when I sing him Kate Bush songs? He leaped effortlessly off of me when the tune ended. He gets rim jobs from Thunder, so Im inclined to think hes of the purrsuation. I need to fool around summore. This is all just fun time for me. and yeah, Im finding that I need this.

 A release of sobs before bed allowed me to sleep more soundly, more efficiently, than Ive been able to in recent memory. Sort of a restart. The wind outside seems to confirm it; theres a changed tone in the air, in my environment. Im going back to my condo today. In part, to make sure I still have two cats and that no one starved. And also to get back to the studies that my surgery has made impossible to finish so far. I want so much to get the Virginia Woolf work done with. Even if I have to reshape my entire final focus. Resubmit essay two?! I found out yesterday and cried over that. I cried thinking I was punishing myself by skipping graduation. I may go after all, just with a friend or maybe enlisting my aunt Paula. I thought of opting out on the lit dept graduation party this Friday in fear that asshole would show up. Cried for thinking I couldnt manage the feelings, the guilt for having spoken to Cassel. And cried in fear that Im too bent on pushing myself to allow my body to heal properly. Maybe Ive already ruined what the surgery repaired? It was a long night, taking a long time to get to bed. And I awoke to pain in my foot in the bone that runs along the outside. Strange. Then again, its strange not being able to see my foot for 3 more months. Its strange to be living alone without help. Its strange that I wave off peoples attempts to assist me.

 there's something about these Van Gogh-esque boots that i can't get over. i've been having a heavenly time tonight downloading favorite pics and redecorating my house. think i've done about a dozen since yesterday, and the entire room has also been reconceived. now, only if Jeanne gives me permission to post/print am image of her.

 as accurately calculated, tonight is not one for me to spend asleep. in fact, i'm somewhat encouraged to spend the entire night awake. i fancy spending the early morning hours in the hot tub. yes, the newly healed 4-5" scar says "no soaking," but i'm prepared to do this all with one foot out. once upon a time, i had a crush on a dear, sweet woman who came into my life both as an authority figure who upheld sobriety as well as an object of fanciful imaginings for little ol' me. And now I have ocular proof for more than the now-unknown cohorts of mine who "graduated" treatment along with me. yet i withhold the images. not until i have clearance from her to post them here. makes me wonder what would have come of claudia had i never made love to her. had i never seen her after our time together at that place of iniquity. would she too be advertised alongside a beautiful man, proporting to spread good will among the masses? no, jeanne has and will always be entirely separate from what i encountered with claudia. but what if? claudia always asked me what makes her different in my mind from this woman, jeanne. and i always balked with my response. hard to tell someone you're involved in an illicit affair with that it's due to that relationship at its primary level. "what makes her different is that i never got off with her." ma lord, is this woman looking 2x more amazing than even my most wondrous memories have afforded me. and good for her. she has this pretty man she's paired with. beautiful. who has always seemed like the sensitive soul and perfect counterpart to her sensual being. of course, i like to think i could offer her a more pleasurable world -- but only in bed. i've not much more to offer aside from a deep-pocketed dowrey. and some deep-seeded suspicions about psychologist and their trade to cause more than an evening's worth of discord. what i wouldn't do to go for a mid-night run right now. to strap on my boots and tear around that carpet of new grass at our school's pitch. even alone, tossing in corner kicks and letting my imagination constitute the headers and deflections to make the netting curl. jsut for a moment in bounds for me to create a run... to open up space for another play to transpire. to talk a little shit with a homophobic opponent. for a quick shot on goal that went speeding past the keeper. to replay the years of Vogelsinger. no one on this site but Amy will be able to appreciate that reference, my memories of the best/hardest i've ever worked to be a quality player, a week at a time each July. just to show up on a patch of grass early in the morning and do my pre-breakfast two-hour workout. i miss the poetry of futball. i spoke with Moukhlis last week about our shared passion of the game, and i had tears in my eyes about it when i went to sleep that night. and since last week, i've fallen asleep with sobs for the same loss as described above. the creative aspect, the interplay between all of us... my team... the one thing i was always sure of my brilliance in playing. my bread and butter. writing can't hold a candle to what i used to feel after a "perfect game."

 Well, call me insensitive if you like, but I just spent the last hour constructing a nice response to Jeanne. The adorable woman who helped me not only to write, but she helped me to write candidly about how Im feeling. Maybe this is a hold-over from such a teaching, but I still do value being able to speak my mind and from my heart. Tonights letter to her was a lot more heady. I wanted to relay to her how my experience in therapy with her enabled me a privy view into the workings of Woolf from a psychoanalytic point of view. And it came out very easily, very comfortably, without an edit in the whole three pages. Hope the lengthy letter doesnt off-put said influence. But you know me; Im hardly brief, however concise. I asked her permission to post a picture of her thats up on (chiefly) her husbands website. Its a stunning image of her in sepia tones with fingers interlaced, face down and drawn inward. TBA. I walked to the mailbox to drop the letter, although Id already removed my brace to give it some air. Nothing I was advised to do, but skin needs to breathe. And it needs to exfoliate, or so Im so rudely discovering. So I walked there carefully, never bending my ankle in any sort of toe-pointing position however much it itches to whilst in my brace. A car came to park in front of me, so I signaled him in. like Im going to run? Small chances Im taking, but I think somehow that I know my body better than my doc. Hes never had the surgery, and he doesnt live within these walls. I do nothing thats painful. And I sure as shit will be moving this thing before prescribed to do so. Dont you think 14 weeks of immobility is a bit much? Not even my knee ligament tear elicited such care. Then again, I never had it surgically repaired. Its after midnight, and Ive yet to get knee deep into the project Id proposed to myself hours before. The program I use to view and edit my images was locking up on me, both before and after a restart of the OS. I meant to upload this earlier so Ill do it now. And eliminate some of these larger linked images that distort my blog by taking up so much room. Check this out Im beside myself with this bit of portraiture.

 Ive been taking to sleeping in until unforgivable hours of the afternoon to enable the night time online escapades of computer playtime. Imaging, blogging, research some stunning work by photographers getting the glossy print treatment and helping me to reorder my artistic universe around the house. Tonights feature. So beautiful, I want a 11x14 from Bryans wonderful printer. He took me out to sushi tonight to talk about our similarly uncomfortable days. Mine with an unnecessarily hurtful email I responded to (equally unnecessary in my counter attack, but I hate it when someone calls my humanity into question). His was with a customer who treated him like he was inept. Hooray for both of us for combating the problem with underhanded humour, because we both feel better about things this evening. Im not going to sleep much tonight, I just know it. it may be a good time to give the I Ching a toss. Or just do my usual imaginings in writing. Sketch out some more projects to undertake when I finally do complete my studies. The last thing I want is to fall into that rut of intellectual nothingness after college. Goals by next summer: -finish school -travel to at least one foreign country not sharing a border with the US. -finish and submit at least one work to publish -read the entire Bible, both new and old T and the apocrypha -lose thirty pounds -finish at least one half-marathon -find a job, no matter how related to my major area of study -become relatively financially responsible -find some new [girl]friends to spend time with

 Snail Mail God bless the actual two-way correspondance of snail mail. Weeks ago, I'd written a letter to Jeanne L. from my days in the rehab center/mental hospital ten years ago. The woman who got me to begin writing with a simple exercise at the end of the night, sketched out with an issued pencil that was collected after the exercise so that I wouldn't use it to hurt myself. And today, I got a letter back from her. A quick note, but a touching one. She actually remembered me after all this time! and how entagled my mind was when unable to express so much of what was inside of me. She just celebrated her 20 years of sobriety. What a joy to hear that she's doing so well.

 Happy news for all of you concerned that I wouldnt take good enough care of my ankle. Im thrilled to report that, upon unveiling the wounded one tonight, the swelling matched that of my other ankle! Meaning, I havent seen it so normal-looking since who knows when. Years, Id guess. Itll be a hard road getting it moving again. But for now, when I give it air whilst propped against something offering a 90 angle, it looks like everything is in place for me. A future runner! Finally! Yet yes, I have two and a half more months to go before I can shed the boot and let my right shoes participate in my little life. Shit, I have feet that almost match! (beside the four inch+ incision scar). Then again, next year I plan to get the other one fixed as well. Im older now. I have to pay for the years of over-use. But when all is said and done, Ill be well on my way to a relatively pain-free athletic future. And yes, Ill have a tank thats screen printed with all the procedures necessary for this running to happen. Get my orthopedic surgeon to sign it. And my back surgeon. And Ill be finishing half-marathons in time thats close to my record. Im going to, I know it. And today, I began doing push-ups again. A little bit at a time, but Im encouraged with the start. So much possible. That amazing picture of my best friend, Amy, that I took in my backyard while she was here well, I got Bryan to print out a 11X14 of the image and had it framed. And she looks amazing - and beyond. Not that I can attain her perfection, but I sure am excited to have my healthful buddy back with me. I miss you, Amy. I can't wait for you to return. I got your present for your 26th today. Your few days here even that inspired me to eat better. Vegetarian food, lots of salads, fruit, veggies I feel able again. It may cost a lot to eat this way, but its better than going out for shit food at most restaurants around here.

 Do you have an email relationship with your favorite music program DJ? Id emailed Bob at KSBR to find out a songs title a few weeks ago, placing me in his email address book. So as a follow up, I received today a note telling me that his program is moving from the dead time of the week (Thursday nights) to Saturday from 3-6. Its called A Whole Nother Thing, and the week that created a stir for me was the one in which he featured the angelic Jeff Buckley. Thrilled to be so lucky as to get the LA station at my San Diego condo. Found out, I think, whats wrong with the cats. What has created freakish monsters of their bodies (one huge and bloated, one starving) as well as their vomiting habit. My carpets are so sick of them. I think its an intestinal parasite. So today, I ordered medication for them online a bill that totaled less than ten bucks when all was said and done with the shipping. So well see. Otherwise, Im just fed up. Jingos running from me all the time, like he feels horrible and cant stand to be touched. He howls low when he eats. Something in theres amiss. Im revisiting the CD I made for Formo. Realising now how incredibly sad, dark, and disconnected the theme of the songs wound up being. Song 1: (Everything but the Girl: Before Today (remixed beautifully) speaks of distance between lovers. Wanting more. Wanting to connect. Song 2: (Bjork Heirloom) speaks of a dream of revival. Losing her voice, her family invents a cure. Song 3: (Radiohead I forget which) a more hip and angry song. Not so depressing, but definitely jilted. Song 4: (Radiohead Go to Sleep) same as above. Song 5: (The Clash Guns in Brixton) a song thats more a calling-to-arms than anything. Song 6: (The Cure Lullaby) dark, lustful, the idea of being devoured by a lover. Song 7: (Neko Case Look for me, Ill be around) sung as a reminder to a lover who has departed with the expectation that he/she will realize their blunder of letting go later) Song 8: (Neko Case Runnin Out of Fools) same as above. Song 9: (PJ Harvey You Said Something) a remembrance of a isolated moment of meaning with a lover. Song 10: (PJ Harvey One Time Too Many) the antithesis of the above. Song 11: (Dido Do You Have a Little Time for Me?) nough said. Song 12: (Talking Heads Nave Melody) A wish to be together with his lover. Song 13: (Edie Brickell Not Saying Goodbye) again, as above. Song 14: (Nick Drake Northern Sky) a sweet, slow song about the charm of being in love. Kate Bush, Jeff Buckley, and Charlie Parkers painfully beautiful rendition of Embraceable You. Shit, I hope shes not nursing a broken heart. Am I? Again, this list was a total accident thematically. Theyre just songs I like. And a few thatll at least spark some nostalgia for her. I like to think I have good taste in music. At least enough to give her one more thing to put between her and the transpacific flight shes about to take to get her to and from China. She leaves tomorrow. Im printing some incredible photos from someone named fish from a Russian urlLink website of photos. And of course, listening to music.

 This is what? The fourth film Ive seen today? Woke up with a wicked hangover, so I figured Id do nothing today. And rest my ankle. The new computer is busted already, so I dusted off the laptop. Things super slow, but at least its keeping me warm plopped on my lap. Blood droplets on the floor remain from a knife accident last night. All I was doing was cutting a bagel, but you know me. Always a talent for banging up my hands. Cats are shut up in the spare room. This is the last time I wake up to find vomit on my carpet. I think theyre sick. Maybe a stomach parasite. Call me sadistic, but they can sit alone until theyre good and on their way to digesting that crap. Kitten food this time. Maybe easier on their stomachs. Anyone want two vomit machines? Listening to the new radio I bought courtesy of Pete and Paulas graduation generosity, I heard a commercial that pissed me off. To the point where I got on the phone with the establishment to give them hell. But nicely. I was assured Id be called back by the owner today, but nothing. Do I have the energy to explain the ad? No, Ill do it tomorrow. Im actually getting into the Kill Bill film. Who knew? Not exactly Whale Rider , but hey.

 Well, after the blog/email I sent to most of you on my email list, theres not a whole lot to report. Aside from the ooohsandahhhhs that come from the images of my new frickin set-up. You all know that Im a new recruit to the Shuttle X lifestyle. This little shoebox thats 2x the size and space of my old (?) system. Now I have a receiver thats the perfect match for this shoebox of love.

 the napster user name of kindoku... where are you, young man from NJ? the napster user name of kindoku... where are you, young man from NJ? the napster user name of kindoku... where are you, young man from NJ? the napster user name of kindoku... where are you, young man from NJ? the napster user name of kindoku... where are you, young man from NJ? the napster user name of kindoku... where are you, young man from NJ? i miss you, kevin. email me, so so gratefully me, Charlotte. aka: steel cube. i've just gotta find you again.

 Theres a bar in Pacific Beach that runs an ad that goes (loosely) like this: _______ A man comes in and orders 6 shots of vodka and proceeds to drink them all, one after the other. The bartender says, you seem like you have a real reason or you wouldnt be drinking like that. Man: yeah, I just found out my brother likes other guys. Next day: Same thing, other brother. Next next day Bartender: Doesnt anyone in your family like women? Man: Yeah, my girlfriend! Yes, I called their fucking bar to complain! No, in the softest voice I could manufacture. It even faltered when the unknowing manager asked what ad I was talking about. A genuinely nice person, so no one give her shit, ok? But she asked me to recreate the ad, and something inside of me wasnt too happy about speaking of it aloud to a stranger. She, said manager, was a *gem* in customer service world. She assured me that the general manager and/or the owner would call me immediately tomorrow morning to rectify the matter. Am I really the only fucking one? Really people, you know that I cant understand ads. Thats why I only listen to NPR, why I turned off my TV however much I love my Seinfeld and Simpsons reruns. The ads make me feel like Im on acid and the simplest things others take for granted leaves me speechless and paralyzed. So Im asking YOU: can you back me up and call in. Id be honored to know this ad was pulled from the 91X airwaves. God knows how long this has been up and running. Seriously, this is the first time Ive ventured that far up the airwaves. Me and my 88.5 evenings and my LA NPR all day long. Please help. This is the phone number: (858) 270-4030 Do your world a favor and call them and voice your opinion! Thanks in advance

 Silly school. Im on hold finally after navigating through a seemingly endless series of menus. I dont even know whether theyll let me do what Ive set out to do; change my misspelled name that they keep fucking up every time I bring it to their attention. If they /even/ send me a diploma with my name wrong That dimwitted girl who fucked me over the night before graduation sent me an email. You know, the one who acts like shes 13? You should have seen her goofy outfit at grad. Anyway, she refuses to pay me back for her blunder that resulted in a hotel bill of 160 bucks. Id send the bill to her parents, but theyre just as oddball/immature as she. Her moms standing there at lunch muttering to herself how shes not capable of finishing school. No one was listening, Im sure. I couldnt help but be aware of the freak show unfolding before me. Phew! Glad to have that girl out of my hair. Why do the weird ones attach themselves to me? I should have sat next to Erin, but I feel sorry for that kid. Its kind of sad how underdeveloped she is. How shallow her thinking. Seriously, its as if the last ten years never happened for her. The stillness of a Sunday without construction is gone as usual. At least Ive got a date with Weez to get me away from it.

 ok, i just have to post urlLink this up here. it's the site Axia sent to me today... and no, i don't understand what i'm supposed to do here yet, but the introduction is far too funny not to be left interested somehow.

 nothing like starting the day hammering the last nail into the coffin of a friendship. deanna's just exhausted me with being an outright ditz over the last 48 hours. my things are back to me, minus 160 bucks that i maintain that she owes me, but not in time to have the keys to my house and my medications that have little warning stickers all over each of them that read "do not skip doses or discontinue use without a doctor's supervision." i kept my game face on through the irritation episodes with her family (god, i love mine and realize how blessed i am for having cool people in my family tree). i didn't want the mess of it all to interfere with my celebration. but lord, was i doing my best to disappear from the disorder and dimwittedness, retreating back into my mind. "are you crying?" she asks me. no, i'm furious. looks the same though, doesn't it? well, no it doesn't. enough. i should have known better than spending an important day with a child who's boy crazy like a 13 year-old. yet bryan flaked, and my options were few. at least i'm home alone now. all set to configure my new computer!

 Finished now with all the celebrations the day afforded me. Im an unofficial graduate from CSUSM. And for those who know me, thats one hell of a feat. Twas only two years ago that I vowed Id never return to that campus. And here I am, a few short papers to go before Ill have that diploma in hand and signed by Ahnold!! Woo-hoo! I had a shitty night with a collegue who Ill hopefully never see again. Deana Walsh can erase my name from her phone book with confidence, cause Im sure as shit never going to talk to her again. Yet tonight is about celebration. So what if Im laughing at the impossibility at all of us grads securing employment in the coming months. If I were speaking, Id address /that/. not some silly, inane montage of clichs and blather about footsteps and unchartered paths. I took pictures of nothing impossibly impractical female footwear and all us idiots standing around with our cell phones glued to our ears. An apt holdover from antiquity that Americans enjoy. When was the last time your mobile phones call was carried out with the help of a cell? I have one more email/letter to send out tonight, speaking of tech. the beautiful ms. Anna Marchant of Bolzano, Italy. Shes the one who I went back to school for. To impress her, in part. And to join her ranks since she, a stellar figure in my personal line of heroines, once ran the same track. I want to thank her. Because she, like Claudia did for me in high school, inspired me by example to make this day possible. Only Claudia flaked out on my high school grad. You wonder why I didnt want anyone to know I was doing this today?

 Oh wow. These files on my computer that were recently transcribed onto the hardware of the new amazing shoebox Ive been thumbing through them, playing bits of each. The audio components of each. I didnt even get through the As until I ran into Ginsbergs Howl . A wonderful reading by the man himself. And I couldnt say no, however Ive heard this track more than 3 dozen times. All 18 minutes of it. And usually, yes I dont try to write whilst my revisit is broadcast in stereo sound. It transforms me, engulfs me. I cant help but submit to it. Willingly. Hopelessly. Amazing. Very, very, very few pieces matter like this. Yes, so along with playing Charlie Parkers Embraceable You at my funeral. Will someone insist this too be played? The beauty and the horror of being is hardly captured so poignantly. After almost a decade of loving, it remains as such. And after how many decades of the pieces being? Lord, the timelessness of the pain of human existence. Shrouded in dissimilar garb, the heart of it never phased. You know what, no. I cant even handle the whole thing tonight. I know where this goes, and I cant run the risk of falling flat on my face. Not tonight. Not with that poem. It has too much weight, personally. Id like to reserve its power for those late nights with sharp objects and virgin skin. When I long to feel the hell. When I need to draw blood to find release. The highlights are dim at best. And thats why I so appreciate his words, his voice. The pain deserves the respect. Im not there tonight, and Ive been advised not to go there unless Im there already. Annie Lennox isnt the apex of the EKG, now is it? But Im on the first letter. Then again, I can skip, cant I? And yes, Im right back into my dream song from the other night. And just like that, Im following the grainy voiced lyrics of the Rolling Stones Thru and Thru . Its heartbreakingly slow. Everything seems to be reaching reach right into me tonight. By choice; I could always opt for meaningless songs. Then again, our artistic universes reflect, inevitably, with our inner worlds. Or were blind. Or incurably shallow. A depth of sight, Ive never been accused of being without. Song: Thin Line The Kinks, Roxy Music/Bryan Ferry Don't Stop the Dance

 By a fluke, I have partial possession of this image. No, I don't know if she'll like knowing /how/ I got a hold of it (although I told her tonight). Rest assured, Leslie. This is all of your images that I'd ever put up online. But to give a face to the name. The dearest woman in my decreasingly-young life. I absolutely /love/ her. Hard to even put words to the connection, it's so strong. A friendship I'd guard with my life... if that puts it into perspective. I'm honored to even know her. And yes, I've spoken about her to some of you for years. So here's an image to pair with the accolades. Sweet woman, I just love you. It's not every night that I see my reflection in the window pane and find such a contended smile. How important are the women in my life? How much does my heart respond to such talk? If a "crazy" woman who's partially paralyzed, living all alone without a job or a lover, can be in bliss to this degree on a holiday weekend, Saturday night... Well, you tell me?

 I certainly dont need much to unwind from a day that did nothing but please me, yet Im letting the mood carry into more of the same. Id saved the best Charlie song in my files for last. Im not even sure if I can get myself to watch the film I had set aside for tonight, The Cooler . It cant be good enough to keep me feeling so content. Might break the spell. More good news to pass on the folks, my financial wizards. This condo that they bought in September? I think we paid about 330? For two bedrooms, 2.5 baths. An amazing view considering I can see the setting sun from bed. Well, youve all seen this place. Garage, parking, the most wonderful breeze that makes air conditioning pointless I got word today (from a realtor) that the same floor plan just sold for get this - $425,000! Nine months later? Yes, this was a sound financial investment. And here I was trying to explain this to my folks back in September. My folks, who readily accepted the notion that the place would plummet in value. That new San Marcos right next to the University would never do well. Ha! I cant wait to tell them. Sorry to devolve into talk of money and investing. Back to the hedonism. Heres my pic of the day, however it's of me... I'll do more than this, don't fret. However everything is about me. Didn't you hear?

 I love getting emails from people I love. My heart swelled upon reading the sign-off from Leslies last email to me from France. Fondly, Leslie. Its just touching. I so adore that woman. It warms me to feel the mutual affection. I just had one of the better days in recent memory. Spent the afternoon with another two people I really enjoy being around, Luis and Robin, the happy couple. They drove all the way up here to get me, whisking me off to a Australian reds wine tasting at the Wine Seller. A flight of some yummy bottles from different regions, paired wonderfully with cheeses (Humboldt fog, a shot out to you), yellow-fin tartar, warm, crusty bread, and a meal (for me) of fresh sea bass. Which, Ill admit, doesnt pair well with reds other than the two pinots. But a fine time was had, trying to guess which was which. True to form, Luis and I were right on with all six. Swirling our glasses and sharing notes on our impressions, fully knowledgeable and so in our element, we mused over one of humankinds greatest creations. Aficionados, all three of us. And too, were all quite talented in the kitchen, the most important room in the house what? You can have sex in the kitchen! Being able to break down a sauce to its constituent parts, taking apart recipes and sharing stories of our recent culinary exploits We belong together, me and these friends of mine. Living the high life, holding true to our self-appointed titles of incurable epicureans. The moments of bliss were shared and openly acknowledged, something that tickles me. To step aside and recognize our good fortune together. And all the time, writing in my head in anticipation for now. Coming home to my immaculate condo, Im still abuzz with the inner contentment of the whole affair. A bit of a post-coital afterglow but without the exercise. My ankle feels great, Ive a bottle of pinot breathing in the kitchen downstairs, and my heart is so truly happy. Between that one word sent by Leslie just one word that hit me straight in my chest and the shared company of two really valuable friends A little Charlie Parker on the hi-fi. The bullshit falls away.

 I thought I was done for the night... until I realised the necessity to post urlLink this . Yes, the full image is required to feel the force of childhood in medias res. What bliss. What wonder. Song: Heirloom - Bjork

 The Cure - Lullaby , Thievery Corporation - All That We Perceive I've been wanting to post this image for days now... awaiting the old files to resurrect it from its folder. Shrinking it ruined the crispness of the image. Email me for the full beauty. She resides close to my range of vision while working. Something fascinating and inspiring about the wildness of the subject. Blessed portraiture.

 I've got the coolest brother ever. Chris just left, dropping by my new urlLink Shuttle X computer. The 80 gig miracle the size of a shoebox. True, it had a 200 gig hard drive, but the size was somehow a little too powerful for the system to handle, so says the master. Then again, with all my .doc and .mp3 stash combined, I'm hardly dipping into 5 gigs. The little silver system goes nicely with the blue LCD lights on my new mini-stereo and new blue cordless optical. and all the lovely b&w nudes on the wall that act as a fitting backdrop. It's an aesthete's dream come true. Concision and seamlessness. Don't tell, but I pointed my toes for the first time in a month just now. No, not hard. It's still telling me where the limits hold me to. But god, did it feel good. Just to crack my toes and flex... ugh. I just looked at the scar, and I'm feeling faint all over again. This ain't yo mama's surgery. The blue-black scar like a dying worm in an evaporating puddle. Something death-like about it, that's for sure. Getting all my old files back that I went a while without is inspiring me to spend time tonight naming and reordering my universe. Very Old Testament, I know, but it's necessary to put this and that into place, to dub each with a name with my Queen's wand. And a pleasure to shut up the house once again and indulge in yet another plaything for my senses. I dreamt of a song last night... and I'm prepared to look through hundreds of unnamed songs until I find it. It was paired with an intermingling with the cast of the Sopranos. And you all know who I was fawning over. A touch depressing, so I present it as urlLink a link and preserve the site from the darkness that may color my blog. Eliminate the text altogether? Well, sure. If I had something better to do in place of idle chatter, the verbal equivalent of this clattering on my keyboard. Liquor and cigarettes already having been delivered to my door along with my new computer, things can only devolve from here. Yet concecrating my place among the literati, soggy with drink and delusions, is an end one might find romantic. If they're me at 15. Songs taking me back to Italy. Others to London. Some back to Barbados with Amy... Free travel for a cripple. Found the song! " urlLink Thru and Thru " by the Stones the dog sniffed it out

 Song: Radiohead - Blow Out Late afternoon sun pouring in. Life exists after all. Ok, so its at least after five in most time zones. And as scheduled, heres the onslaught of lovely images not always work-safe. But I couldnt let you all go for an extended weekend without providing you with some lust-inspired/ing fodder to keep the home fires burning, now could I?

 Some days, it seems not enough to have cancelled my cable. My addiction to NPR , however somewhat removed in immediate relevance being an LA station that I tune into, is like having CNN blaring in the background. The recursive loop of headlines sucking me in like a long layover in an airport when the telly is all there is to distract from the mass of humanity flowing in and out of terminal waiting areas. Ive given it a rest today. Talk of prisoner abuse and our alliance to an increasingly outmoded UN is wearing me out. So much attention to matters that Im inept to help rectify No wonder Americans tune it out, opting for the bliss of not knowing and the luxury of making blanket comments to assess the state of foreign policy and world affairs. Its a lot to take on, being a responsible global citizen. Today is my vacation from input. Indulgences like taking my new stereo for an extended test drive with the likes of Ibraham Ferrer, the warmth of his voice heating my home on such a dreary spring day. Actually showering and dressing in more than soccer shorts and a wife beater, pretending I have anywhere to go. Yes, the ankle surgery fallout is debilitating, but the slower pace of the days has its fruit. I get free range to retreat inward. To be still in my leather chair and study the passing clouds. Tomorrow is another chance to hone my palate as a budding sommelier. Luis and Robin coming by to pick up my crippled self and taking me to a tasting of Australian reds. 2 pinots, a cab, a red, and 2 shiraz from various spots on the continent. Not that I have a job, but my self-indulgence once again wins out. Sex, drink, elaborate dishes from the kitchen, runners highs, massage, aesthetic improvements to the immaculate new condo. I'm a pleasure-seeking professional. An epicurean to rival all others. Ok, so no sex. Although Ive been tempted to give the ex, Kerri, a call. I miss her hands. Oh, and the conversational connection. Seriously, Id like to know how she is. Been loving her for so many years now, its strange to suspend contact with her now that neither of us is doing those dangerous drugs, together or apart. The sultry voice, her beautifully painted skin, her sweet self rumbling up on her motorcycle, our exciting each other in the dark of movie theatres and low-lit restaurants. Its almost enough just to lull myself to sleep imagining her soft skin next to mine. Got meself a gmail account yesterday. Username: Athene. Not a misspelling, no. In the older text, The Iliad , she was referred to as Pallas Athene. Who we all know from our schooldays as the one who was prophesized as someone who would destroy the patriarch. So Zeus swallowed his impregnated partner to prevent the birth, only to have a fully-armed Athene spring from his head. Reeks of Christian theft of the idea of a female emerging from a man. Yet the idea of a female warrior who says feminism didnt exist in times past? Ok, besides the goddess worship of Isis. And the figure of Ishtar in Gilgamesh. Reminds me of urlLink my rewriting of that tale as a comedy to be pitched to Comedy Central. Heidi Fleiss cast as the vindictive sex kitten, Ishtar. Jennifer Coolidge as the sticky-lipped prostitute. My screenplay of the first act still cracks me up. Why I didnt earn an A+ on that project for the lovely Prof. Hayton, Ill always be unsure. When an A is Not Enough; The Charlotte Conrad Story. No school means one thing for sure. I can finally get to my booklist. Volumes hitherto left on my overcrowded bookshelf gathering dust. Guns, Germs, and Steel by Jared Diamond. Imagined Communities by Anderson. Another (x4) reading of David Foster Wallaces Infinite Jest . Some of Sontags fiction instead of the critical texts of Illness as Metaphor and Against Interpretation . Reread Milton. Reread all my favorite classic epic poems. Maybe try The Song of Roland in French (but not the original French). Dantes other works beside the Inferno . Lots I want to absorb. And nothing but time staring me in the face. Not shying away from the self-imposed pressure to be the most literate me I can fabricate. That sounds plastic. The most literate me I can become. Literature is an endless pleasure. And will become even more so as I settle into a life after the university. I know I promised you all to keep this site as work-friendly as I lover of naked women can manage... aside from my respite on weekends when y'all aren't actually at work... so I'll post today's picture of the day with that in mind. Enjoy. So sexy nevertheless.

 More quiet observations from my house on a hill, the pounding of construction shut out by sealed windows. Watching this morning the higher-ups in kakis and dress shirts scouring over blueprints unfurled on the hood of a Durango. A marked change from the F-250s that litter the virgin streets. Cell phones held to the ears of each. I like to pretend that theyre all just talking to each other right there in the huddle; they just want to use their company-issued mobiles and the expensed minutes. One man lifts one leg at a time to investigate his shoes as if he has found the losing end of dog ownership ground into his immaculate loafers. But alas! Just to brush that infernal dirt off the patent shine! Oh, the occupational hazards of being a contractor! A whole lot more sleep behind me, propping me up to enjoy another seamless session of immobile musing. Id love to get out and have a swim at least. Today marks the fourth week since the surgery, and Ive two more before Im allowed to walk, ha ha. However I may have bypassed that bit of advice, I am still leery about doing anything without the aide of my big, black and grey boot. Drizzle and clouds, a chill in the breeze that speaks to my longing to nestle into soft jeans and a thick sweater. A French press of Starbucks is first on the docket. The kettle is singing on the stove downstairs. More later

 San Marcos Airport The air outside smells like Heathrow. A chill and a strong current of diesel fumes like a tarmac in my backyard. The construction has begun right below my window with the very first hole being dug by what looks like a cross between an oil pump and a siege machine. Men in fluorescent yellow vests and blue jeans. The incessant breaking-glass sound of dump trucks filling with granite as the earth movers efface the chaparral. More backup horns. Ugh, the smell. Little planned for the day aside from getting to see my brother when he brings back the new Shuttle X. The first one went suicidal, so he had to exchange it for a new one and start over. Im awaiting its arrival before I get going on my homework; everything I need to move forward is on that system. So rather than be productive, Ill continue to play around with online distractions.

 Aside from the beer, I just had a wonderfully healthful meal with Bryan. Lightly bowned gyoza and a huge spinach salad with tomato, cuc, and avo. Skipped the additional heavy portion of pasta or rice/potato. He took me to the store where I assumed my characteristic role of a cripple, wheeling around in a motorized cart. To get staples which inevitably includes beer. So I made him dinner. Not too energetic these past days, but I assume it has more to do with diet than sleep patterns. It always affect me, and I know I eat a lot healthier than he. So much fruit and veg, Im almost confused when I have meat to grill up. When in need of a hobby, its nice to have food. We wanted to brew beer tonight, but the brew masters outlet closed too soon for us to get there. Committing to the effort of making food and drink occurs more rarely when the big D is dictating time and energy constraints. Back to my endless hunt for horrid pics and sites.

 I just watched the worst film of the month. A Family Affair, a pick from the slim-stocked pickings from the Netflix gay and lesbian film collection. Seems like theres just nothing out there with a plot deeper than a thimble, nothing with the production values good enough not to be distracted by short-cuts and blatant flaws. Will someone please make something good? The wound itching and another ankle that's calling on me to be surgically reconstructed too, I wish I was out with friends instead of wasting time before a computer screen. The usual straight-to-voicemail treatment trying to get a hold of Luis. Bryan cancelled plans to come over at 10ish. Somehow these next few hours carry with them a sense of stillness thats not comfortable tonight. At least Im current on my communications with folks. All this time on my back has really leant itself to my being good about keeping up with friends, with writing letters more extensive in thought that the usual trite run-downs like those that appear here a lot. Wrote a big-ol letter to Jeanne as a follow up to my initial toe-dipping letter that I wasnt entirely sure would reach her. A letter I enjoyed writing, something that engaged my mind for a good two hours. I even wrote to Anna who never replies save for once every six months or so, but thats not the point for me. Not everyone has the luxury (if I look at it that way) of hours and hours locked into one specific place. I bet if there was a contest, I could recite the news as spoken on NPR verbatim. I mean, I hear it forty times a day can even remember all their names just by hearing, for NPR news, Im What on earth can I do in this house that I havent either done or decided against in light of my injury/ies. I hung THIRTY black & white photos in the past couple of days. And I even repainted my quarters, patching tiny holes left by the old resting places of different frames. And it looks wonderful; seems more like a gallery than a bedroom. Maybe its all the nudes that jar my sense of singledom. And my sense of feeling wholly within my body, being as it is, all 25 extra pounds compounded with my truer self. Then theres the blogger template and my budding knowledge of how to manipulate html. Yes, always a blog in there. And when Im done, maybe a word or two on me and Bryans run-in with the police late last night. Ah, a cliffhanger!

 Ankle Scar "Way Cool" Says Area Woman I'm thrilled with the healing, so I'm a-sharin' it with y'all. A little shea butter went a long way the other day, softening the purple parts. Hooray for digital gore!

 What a nice friend I am! I spent the better part of three hours this afternoon making something great out of a plain-Jane blog of my friend, Chris Kueffner. He had like the most boring template ever and virtually no knowledge on how to change it... something I've been able to teach myself over the months. As if you can't tell, I love blogger. So yeah, urlLink check it out !

 Nick Drake I'm patiently awaiting Bryan's release from his stint at work, taking a tour through mefi. One of the first things I see is urlLink this , which for Nick Drake fans is a big win. However I haven't yet given it a listen. Why? Because I found perfect harmony with my powered antenna and the ksbr radio station up in LA. It's only ten-ish minutes to Sounds Eclectic or whatever the program is called. And it's a-callin' me tonight.

 Art, art all around me... Little Jingo caught my site in the sunset in my room whilst hammering in the frames. The place looks more like a gallery than a bedroom, but it's the way I'd envisioned it. Very pleased. And then I see the mini kit-kat on my bed, ruffled from walking on it to get to the hard-to-reach places. I wish the colors turned out how they appeared in real light.

 Make Your Requests Known I proposed having a work-safe site. But how many of you actually care? Hits are down this month, so I'm not entirely sure how many of you really give a shit. Leave a comment below or email me. 'Cause I'm just dying to post somethings.

 Back to Normal The pet meds arrived in my mail today. Ive got the treatment into little cat. 3x the amount required for the cat accordian, Thunder. Its only one dose, which is nice. Not like having to give Vato two different treatments a day for two weeks. Finally finished printing and mounting photos. And just in time the printer refuses to do anymore since Im out of color (yet theyre all b&w). I woke actually a little motivated to get going on one of my classes at least to begin the studying now to ensure a decent grade. I could maybe get the paper done for the other class by the end of the day if I work hard. Of course, it would be better overall to have my real computer. To get back on track with the VW course. Anxiously awaiting a UPS delivery that Ive slept too long to pick up the past few days. They need my adult signature which can only mean one thing; theres alcohol in there! Woo-hoo! Something obviously from within the state since alcohol is illegal to transport through the mail over state lines. Im excited. Its hard to listen for the signature rumble of those brown trucks with the endless procession of dump trucks wandering methodically through the neighborhood. A trite posting, but youll have to forgive me for not being out and about to accumulate anything interesting to speak about in my daily doings. Theres just not a lot to speak to. And as promised, the image of the day:

 Dont fret, my pups. Ill delete the posts of last night that show nip. Paula let me know that she couldnt safely view my blog at work because of the wondrous breasts posted so prominently. Well, Ill adhere to my promise, and Ill keep the more chancy material up only on weekends. My dose of morning news had me holding my breath today. The quotations because I woke at 1:30. a portion of the Charles de Gaulle airport collapsed at 7am local time. My dear, dear Leslie is in France, and we all know that de Gaulle is the most heavily trafficked airport in the country. I cant remember when she said she was to return. A mouthful of coffee in my mouth as I paused, listening to the radio report. Ah, but shes in Nice. Shes far from Paris. A respite from the near perfect weather of the past month. A cool, cool breeze and more clouds than visible sky. It feels more like spring; no longer the hype of global warming by alarmists. Sure, it has been a while since weve been blessed with a visit from El Nino. But this is a desert, and its always a fire hazard. Golf courses in San Diego are as unnatural as casinos in Las Vegas. Being a recent convert to the wonders of a bottled tan has relieved my unquenchable desire for 90+ heat. Chris should be by sometime this afternoon to return at least one of my desktops to me. Where all my recent favourite photos are locked away. Yet, its my goal to post at least one compelling image per post (er, or per day) to keep the eye candy component to the site. So heres todays:

 I know I promised you all a work-safe blog, free of nudes and otherwise "unsvory" images that might drawn suspicion to one who might only log on at the office. And here it, Monday, and I'm deleting them. Hope it's in time :) I wonder if Dawn liked the CD I made for her. A more viable offspring from my archives than the one given to Deanna. Anticipating a more discriminating palate. Its hard to get a hold of all my old fellow students in my grad class with Formo without using the listserv that sends messages to her as well. Today, I found out that theres a statewide award that I could also nominate her for. Its the Wang Award, and its limited to 5 profs in the entire system. Pretty hard to win, it seems. But that all depends of the numbers of those of you whove had classes with her. Depends of those of you wholl take an hour to write something inspiring about her. 3pgs took me an hour, and that includes edits. I poke at myself would I go to so much trouble on behalf of a prof who isnt as adorable as Dawn? Ok, so I doubt it right along with the rest of you. But she took my breath away three years ago in a class, and her class this past term was even more impacting. Shes so talented. In ways best described in the letter Ive already posted. Which, btw, someone clicked on whilst searching her name on google. Hope Im somewhat anonymous, my site here. Despite my recent reminder that people are indeed reading my site and send me emails that respond to its content. I rearranged the furniture in here today. No, Im not exactly advised against it specifically, yet it seems to go without saying that I avoid such things. But when youre as isolated as I am, its easy to go to extremes. Both in my emotional reaction to my enviroment as well as responding just as emotionally to the communication fodder that filters into my various email inboxes. I thought I had the complement image to go with the boots, but its on both of my other computers. Im back to my 3rd puter tonight, my laptop.

 Song - Smashing Pumpkins - Luna The touch-up work for the Ronald Wilson Reagan Commemorative Bathroom is still underway or Id have a pretty color picture to post on this here blog. The poor bloke. The NPR rehash had me in tears more than once this afternoon, partly from selfish memory and partly from empathy for his dear wife. Nancy I hope this loss opens up new doors for you and your fight to provide govt spending on stem cell research. We can, all of us, only hope. The frickin bathroom looks fantastic, however unprepared I was at the outset for the labor involved. My ankle had a fever by five. My back made claims on my evening by 3pm. The acrobatics involved in the finer work will be saved until tomorrow. But yes, the color is great. And the space I used it in was perfect. Too bold for the living room, it works wonderfully in an adjacent nook. Bryan and I played with his new chefs knife in our preparation of tonights dinner. I helped until I cut my finger with the hunk a steel. More blood in my kitchen. Call it a blood-lust. but this was definitely accidental. We talked politics, even venturing into religion where our most meaningful conversation camped around. Its hard to acknowledge Reagan without speaking to the non-secularism of this country. And Bryan's rekindled interest in resuming ties with his church. I love him. Which made the conversation so much less contentious than it would have been even a couple of years ago. My nugget of wisdom I take with me is the reaffirmation that I get to reading the Bible by a year from my degree one of my 10 post-studies commitments.

 Sad. He died. It's not the man himself or his policies; it's the representation of him as a heroic president during his reign. He was my hero as a budding, young Republican. Like so many of my generation not brought up by former hippies. His extreme ideas aside, he had charm. He could inspire. It's the end of an era. I'm sad for Nancy. The disease is so traumatic, to see it reduce someone you love to nothing. I cried. I'm still teary. 93. Good for you, man. I wonder how Alex P. Keaton is handling the news. Mind you, I still have a crush on Oliver North. Even after reading the findings of fact on the Iran-Contra disaster. I brought the document on the plane with me to Italy. Too young to follow the events as they happened, but again... the media brought me images of the hearing, images etched into my personal history. A quiet afternoon alone with NPR, repainting the downstairs bathroom to get the hang of the crafty fun of having a new home.

 Waiting for Bryan to get off work, crouching behind a shrub with a bad joke to jump out at him with before he has a chance to expect Im up to something. Metaphorically crouching, of course. If hes up to it, I think this afternoon would be high time to get to cooking up another batch of homebrew. This is it Nancy Reagan. Forewarning us that hes in his last days, his children by his bedside. Now, hes a homophobic monster among other things. Many will wipe their brow in relief that an era has ended along with his life. But the disease thats taking him out I still feel sad for him. Poor Nancy having to be there to see it. Nancy, the Johnny-come-lately to the cause supporting stem cell research. (Hard to even write a sentence without a serves you right clause) Remember when Just Say No seemed like a solution? Ah, my childhood recedes Being the same week as the Tiananmen Square 15th anniversary and the 60th anniversary of D-Day, theres plenty to reflect upon. The Ernie Pyle episode of Fresh Air on Monday was so moving, I actually sat down to listen to the show that late afternoon when it was rerun on KPCC. The CNN of the times with a soul. I may have been 11 in 1989, but I remember that year as the beginning of really taking an independent interest in world events. It was so inspiring to see the people struggling against oppressive governments and winning. And November of that year marked the demolition of the Berlin Wall. And now these days, I just want to cringe before the gaze of the world, at our governments behavior around the globe. Its silly and nave to call for a return of the simplicity that a child projects onto her environment, but its not too much to call for a reexamination of the impetus that causes our government to intervene in affairs not our own? Lord, send us a savior! Let her be fiscally conservative and secular!!

 urlLink Top 10 Internet Fads according to Wave Magazine provide a bit of a trip down memory lane for some. And open up a whole new bag of wrong for the rest. What happened to urlLink All Your Base Are Belong to Us ?

 For those of us whove had the sheer pleasure of delving into the quick-reads of Doug Adams, this may upset your digestive tract at one end or another. Seems the man has been contracted to write a screenplay of the first book of his 5 book trilogy, to make it into a feature urlLink film . Could this be? Yes (shaking head). I love films as much as the next geeky bloke. Yet nah! What was futurama, after all? The guy with no pants is my favorite, Zapp Brannigan. Shit, I remember clearly the day I opened that little book, A Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. I use the diminutive because it is, after all, a pleasure read and nothing more. No? Send me your doctoral dissertation, and Ill buy you dinner. The day I started and finished this novel transpired within the hallowed walls of the Verona airport in Italy. Flipping Manuela dropped me off there for my 4pm flight to London at 11am. Seems mom had a date with her boyfriend that day, and she wasnt about to be late. So I spent four+ hours on a bench before two-story glass windows opened up on the two runways that make up this aero-metropolis. With a hangover that even this seasoned drinker was impressed by. My final escape from Italy. A trip that made me weep upon take-off, leading to the proffering of a hanky from the old woman whod Id been friendly with in line. The closing of that paperback almost directly preceded that moment. Spent those couple of hours inventing my next big creative writing endeavor.

 song: Death Cab for Cutie - Lightness You know you have a problem when The guy at the door checking receipts at Frys notices that you were already here today. Ok, so I woke and headed over there to return the camera that Bryan bought for my graduation. The first one died, so we got a replacement. And then the second one died last night. So I got another camera. This time a Samsung with the same 4 mgpx as the other. And it feels more substantial. Which is all I can say with any certainty as the layperson I am. So I came back tonight. To get the 3 colors of ink I needed, some glossy photo paper, and a webcam the replace the hand-me-down that never worked (really cheap). The company pays for such things; dont wet yourself. I know I have no money. You do too. Time to play. And to think about the gifting that occurred tonight.

 here i go... to get into friday afternoon san diego traffic. and to deliver a little something to a certain someone who has earned the right to remain unnamed. another dialogue is on the docket. i wish i wasn't so broken and my body's shape so showing it.

 urlLink temp file for future use.

 i finally got to see urlLink this today on a cable modem. i can no longer say, "what on earth..." mars. humankind is incredible. as smart as i am, i'd never comprehend the math and science involved in making that 90 second clip a reality.

 Listening to the zebra finch beeping and smirking at his silly song. Im at the folks house to watch the most recent Sopranos . No wonder mom pumped it up; this was the most dramatic episode in memory. Adrianna, Christopher, Phil and Tony B. And Tony moving back into the house with Carm and AJ. I wanted to see more when Carmela and Tony were in the closet together. Minus the well-manicured nails of a kept woman, I sure would love to have her in my bed. Call it the icy, all-business persona she possesses. Ill always love a strong bitch. I went to Frys today to return (again) the Olympus c-450 camera Bryan bought me for graduation. The first had died already. And then the second fell victim to the same symptoms. So I got something different this time a Samsung Digimax 430. same megapixels, a better zoom capacity. And oh, it works. Had an extra 20 on the store credit, so I picked something else up. The series of Out of Order on DVD. Something that came to be on Showtime that I watched over the summer when I first got started on my bipolar medications. Felicity Huffman was sexy in Sports Night and in the Mamet film, Spanish Prisoner . Shes smart and unconventionally beautiful. And in this series, she played a bipolar writer with a drinking problem. And had a threesome with Justine Bateman and Eric Stoltz. It either worked as a catharsis to see this series (I was living with my aunt Paula who had Tivo and all the cable one could ask for) or it just tickled me to see 30-somethings experimenting with E. Made me want to do E again If I had Justine Bateman to play with naked. So I own it. Like I always say, your bookshelf is your identity in volumes. So is your DVD collection. Were all attracted to what resonates with us personally. Is it a surprise that I own The Piano Teacher and Whos Afraid of Virginia Woolf? and have a poster from France for Piano Teacher that takes up a space that a quilt would if I hung one. Is it taller than I am? Yes.

 A treasure trove of wonderful moments... some dude on the film week hour of Air Talk today reviewing the new Harry Potter film. Now, I was all pumped to actually go see it. Granted, not in costume or anything. But treasure trove? I cant think of a more ridiculous expression. This is the Harry Potter where he loses his virginity, right? A new Lars Von Trier film out this week too, but I doubt its here in San Diego. Part of the downside of listening to LA NPR is the tease-factor for films that sometimes never even make it to the theatres here. The Saddest Music in the World still hasnt shown up, and it came out about a month ago. Or has it? I just saw that its playing at the Ken in Kensington. A good hour from my house, yes. My Mother Likes Women is coming out too. Very Almodovar, but Im hearing it falls short of his filmic brilliance. A lesbian Latin film? Im there. Well, not if it means driving to Irvine. Blast this county for having no film taste outside of the I-loved- Titanic contingent! I'll make the trek to Mom's house to catch up on the last Sopranos episode before Sunday's finale. It's free, and it's the best thing to ever happen to television. Mom mentioned more than once about how wonderful this last episode was... even invited me over this weekend while they're out of town to see it. Don't tell me! (covering ears) I'm on my way.

 What a gracious hostess I am. I wrestled my breezy backyard into admitting a small, smoldering fire. I needed something the give the stunning cuts of pork that Id bought to wow my pals a proper cookin. So I stunned some pork and paired the grill feast with some improvised compote of fresh raspberries and some cherries. And cuisinartd some dried cranberries to give to it something brighter, added spot of OJ, Shiraz, and cornstarch. I nearly put this guy under the table with food that made him rethink his place among the world's creatures. We gave thanks to the pig that gave it's life for our bounty. The fresh corn was like sugar on a stick. Ugh, food. See? This is what was supposed to happen on Wednesday night. Y'all missed out, you inconsiderate knuckleheads.

 A good day, yes. I woke at the stroke of noon to the familiar impulse to jet out of bed and tend to house maintenance. As if I dont live alone, that my world affects another. So I laid there quietly when I realized where I am, noting the roaring sounds of construction Id managed to sleep through with the help of a small down pillow formed to my profile. I actually did something productive today. I mean, productive in a sense that lies outside of the daily doings of house cleaning, cooking, and checking up on all my favorite sites. I got back on the horse with my school. I finished a urlLink paper , leaving only a few concentrated pages to go in my Woolf seminar. My so loved class of my last term at school. I wonder how Dawn is doing in China. Shes such a fabulous professor. Ill miss her inspiring presence. I got the *perfect* email from Jennifer today. Put into words a lot of things that needed to be addressed. Meanwhile, Id been trying my bestest to do what I have so much trouble doing; to back off from an issue and give it time for the immediacy of the emotions to wear away, leaving the more rational me behind. Its so hard to be clear with our intentions when two people have such spotty communication. I love her to death, and I was bent on trying something new (and repeatedly advised by others) so as not to fuck up something so incredibly important to me. Today, I must write my response. If I were she, Id be awaiting one.

 Black Eyed Peas Keep It Movin To self: (a dialogue. see Plato's Republic ) So what if your plans didnt pan out. What are you going to do? They cancelled on you. Three people. So? Well, fuck them. When was the last time I made plans with someone and backed out? Even for emergency reasons? Why dont folks put conditions on the plans when they make them? Surely their mothers raised them to be better beings in the social realm than this. Maybe it has more to do with the people you call friends. Would Amy do this to you? No, but shes a special case. We adore each other. Take Jennifer and Dana; that sure got fucked up this month. You could apologize again. Didnt I already? And wasnt it anothers insensitive blunder that got us here? Details. Whats more important? Being right or having a years-long friendship with a valued soul? So, I should draw different lines with those friends that made plans for today? If youve a standard thats reasonable, its worth standing up for. File it away for future reference. And yes, do so with the knowledge that theyve put conditions on your connection to them. Just make a note. Dont go flipping mad about it. So, what am I supposed to do with all this food? Throw it out? I would never have bought such things at the market today just for myself. How much is money worth to you? A lot, asshole. I dont have a job. Sharing my skills in the kitchen was an important part of these plans I made. So, this is about your pride? Yes. Youre asking? Yes, Im asking. Yes, and I just spent my money on groceries for tonight; I spent my money on things I didnt need to get so high-brow about. So, think of the night as a treat to yourself. Enjoy the fruits of your goodwill. Erase your expectations and indulge in the pampering you wanted to provide to others. Sounds pretty nihilistic. Fuck them, and save it all for myself? Yes, yet not so indulgent with the drama. Youre right. Ill just lock up early and go to bed early. The place is company-ready, but it doesnt have to be appreciated by others for it to matter. And my back and ankle no longer hurt from the effort. Because youre 10+ beers into the night? Exactly. Who wants people over to mess it up anyway? You get what you want.

 Talking Heads - This Must Be the Place I may be wrong, but Im pretty sure there are laws in place preventing flake victims from doing homework in the space left open by offenders. Im a-going to B&N to capture the new Sedaris book. Fucking friends. I always say Dont suggest plans unless youre up to it.

 Song: Yo La Tengo - Center of Gravity What sucks about one persons change of plans can mean even more frustration when anothers plans coincide with this flakage. What I mentioned before about hanging out with the illustrious Lit/Writing girls, their coming over tonight. Scratch that. I did get to talk to Kelly for quite a while on the phone (not my strong point, that medium of exchange). And Lord, how good was it to hear her voice. Yet, she has a summer school Spanish test tomorrow, and I wasnt about to try my tricks to sway her into scraping the studying it requires. I guess its all okay though; Im more comfortable being alone, living alone, than I am being with others. Yet, with the cig in my teeth as I type, I fear of growing into one of those lone, lonely bastards who has nothing to account for but some mindless, meaningless monologues. I smoke, I drink, I use objects like women I miss Kelly. I want her over, just she and me. We may be bad influences on each other the way Bryan and me are. But we connect. There isnt a moment of silence that exists between us.

 Sly and the Family Stone - Hot Fun in the Summertime So, I may be doing too much with a formerly broken/reconstructed ankle. The wound of which is still slow in healing in one spot. Three grocery stores later, I came home to rid the condo of any remnant of dust or dirt. At 1300sq.ft. with 3 bathrooms, thats a lot of doing. Oh, and the garden work. Lord, Is tired. Such an incredible summer day with soft breezes keeping my east county pad nice and moderate. And the place looks amazing too, down to a vacuumed set of stairs and smell prevention in the cat-piss den of iniquity. Nice to engage in a comprehensive clean-up brigade without the manic rush I used to feel. Where I couldnt sit down or slow until everything on earth was scrubbed to a brilliant shine. A shot out to my 15 pills a day for that. Plans to play with the girls tonight. A drunken scene of debauchery, no doubt. I stocked the fridge with everything from fresh cherries, raspberries, blackberries to four kinds of beer and fresh fish, pork chops, and basil and garlic brats. A shopping marathon to give the refrigeration something to think about. And as usual, theres blood all over the floor. Me and my high tolerance for pain yielded exactly three places on my feet where my efforts met faults in the execution. How many times have I had to scrub up droplets of blood from the kitchen floor maybe four times in the past two months? A word for the shoppers at the Vista branch of Henrys market: There are other people on this earth, and most of them arent interested in waiting for you to decide what product in the aisle you should buy. How about working on a habit of moving your fucking cart to the side so others can get past you? I think I said excuse me or moved someones cart for them about eight times before my angry side took over. The last cart I moved, I nearly picked it up and placed it out of the way. Am I the only one who has been raised to be hyper-vigilant about how I impact those around me? Ma-donna! Im beginning to believe this is so. Then again, how much energy do I waste trying to calculate a measure of my presence outside of my house? Its Miller Time. Guinness and Red Hook ESB on the menu first. Then to call the pals to see what the plans are for tonight. Id so love to cook for them already. Those bar tabs we ring up are ghastly. If I can put down six Long Islands and still kick mens asses at pool, what does that indicate? Besides alcoholism, ok. And no, I dont want to have to pay for cab fare tonight either. A new and immaculate condo is enough of an outing as Im up for. These girls will end up eating (vomit) fast food without my kitchen savvy. So American. Consciousness of where I live shown clear this afternoon as I surveyed the bounty of goodness in said grocery stores. An empty Ralphs with the wide-angle expanse of dairy and juice made a perfect picture for a postcard to Iraq. All neatly faced, all brightly lit with wasteful electricity The joys of being an American never ceases to amaze. And I live here.

 Radiohead - Electioneering Drinking one of the last remaining urlLink Nimesulene pacchetti from my long-ago habitation of Italy. Its a boost for the immune system, more or less. Not quite necessary, but then again all the touching of items whilst shopping makes my skin crawl knowing how many germs came in contact with my mitts. My many pills washed down by a night cap of orange juice. The follow-up posting? To announce the release of merchandise! Yes, when shopping is not enough, theres always caf press to play with. If a urlLink long sleeved shirt is not to your liking, urlLink email me to request another format. And yes, I can make thong panties for you, Bryan. Just say the word. And as promised, here's the image of the day...

 Yo La Tengo - Our Way to Fall Sipping nearly-frozen ice water from a frosted tumbler. Two halves of a Mexican lime, one floating, one sunk in deflated defeat at the bottom. Lingering light from yet another spectacle put on by the sun and summer day. Bryan took a macro shot of one of my roses in the amber ether that flooded the backdrop. Id plug in my digicam to show ya, but its downstairs, and Ill be damned if I have to walk up and down those stairs one more time than I have to. Too much walking and driving today sent my ankle into a fussy tantrum at the mall. Ill turn this car right around if you dont behave! It sulked and went along with me. Needed some new threads to clothe my increasingly squishy body. Reminding my foot how bad its going to be when I return to my elliptical addiction at the gym seemed to shut it up for now. It could probably use some fizzy adult beverages to soothe its ache, but Im broke and a little burnt out on the whole idea of alcohol. The compulsory one glass of wine inevitably becomes the compulsory bottle of wine. And too, I have some writing to do tonight that requires more of my faculties than the usual drunken, bantering, self-indulgent monologue. But some entertainment for my readers before I bow out for a spell to get to the more pressing tasks. Theres a short on the urlLink Coachella Independent Film Festival DVD called Scrapyard of Hope that both horrified and delighted me the other day. Warning: heavily dependent on your ability to stomach bad 80s television series. Ok, so bad is redundant. Enjoy, my pretties. urlLink

 Mlle. urlLink Leslies site it back up. I meant to link her up in that recent post where I responded to her last email. And poured accolades of this amazing woman into a verbal mould. Shes back from France, and Im tickled pink that Im mobile and therefore in a position to make plans to see her. It has been too long too long! urlLink

 400+ hits in May! Whhoooo-hooo! Just because I'm not done lauding this incredible urlLink artist ... I present one more image and two more if interest runs high. And a couple more. So urlLink stark , the urlLink alienation of childhood that Lux is able to capture. They're not demonic images as a lot of folks at Monkeyfilter have posted. They're just free of the idealized, romanticized conception of childhood. Hell, childhood didn't exist until urlLink William Blake . Oh man, if I'm wrong about the poet, I'll be assassinated. Twas Blake, yes? Well, the child sweatshops and the chimney sweepers of London 100 years ago are what inspired a whole 'nother conception of youth. a garden of Eden and a return to the Unity with the creator. (I'm an athiest, so NO, I'm not going to capitalize the "c" in "creator.") But it's a fiction; it's a cultural invention created by art. Much like how various media influence our social universes. The whole notion of late of the "prolonged adolescence" that floats around from place to place. The notion that expectations are so high, it takes us until we're 30ish to break into the world depicted in urlLink Rockwell paintings. Shit, if this condo increased 100,000 in 9 months. Is the bar for an entry level place high? Fuck yes.

 Remember my old site, aka Ye Ould Bleat ? For shits and giggled, here's the link to the previous 90ish entries into blogger... before the archives here present. urlLink

 Doctor: Youre to be on crutches for 6 weeks, followed by two months wherein you can walk, but only with the boot brace. Charlotte: How about two to three weeks on crutches, then Ill wear the boot until four weeks has passed. Im walking free! So early, I know. And no, Im not making it hurt or swell. In fact, I drove my car home from the Memorial Day BBQ at mom and dads this afternoon with no problem and no pain. Im walking, and Im mobile! Hooray! (Crowd cheers) And a lovely afternoon getting to see my sweet aunt Paula and my brother and Axia. Dad assembled his new BBQ and threw on six filet mingons. A stunningly beautiful day in the upper 70s/lower 80s feeling like the perfect start of summer that the holiday signals. Having my mother so incredibly happy to see me, so genuinely thrilled to spend the day with me it felt good. To be appreciated and loved. What more is there? Well, for one, theres a new urlLink David Sedaris book out! YAY! Im so buying it. Like, I should just get on Amazon tonight and grab one. Just after I look into the summer school course I still need. Now that Im mobile, its possible to take after all. Granted, if its not already full-up.

 A phone call from nowhere. Bryan, aka Bryrox, called me last night at my parents house, leaving a message on my folks machine. I havent heard from this guy in years. Always wondered how he was getting on. A troubled soul, into all sorts of illegal situations from drugs to a history of theft and violence. His father was a monster, and when he died, he threw a party. Turns out he was in jail for a spell. Tackled by the DEA and sent to a 6month stint in a detention facility, followed by a six month residential drug treatment center up in Fresno. Hes out now, looking to start a new job in Arizona near the Grand Canyon next week. Part of his punishment, I gather, is to stay away from taking up residence in San Diego for five years. Shoo the problem away, I suppose. So, tomorrow we may be having dinner together and catching up. To hear about his schooling that so excited him, to hear about the family all that has transpired in all this time he has been incommunicado. No more flutters in my stomach knowing that a night with B means a night with something a lot harder than weed to accompany it. Just the thought repulses me.

 Some more urlLink incredible images . I want to meet this woman... I'm so moved by the expressiveness of visual languages.

 I Still Love Belle de Jour ...despite the emails to her claiming opinions to the contrary. Flipping idiots. She's a whore, not your weekly sitcom. Not an homage, but a snippet from said urlLink heroine of mine . Posted without expressed written consent, so don't bloody tell her. Last night when I checked email, Hotmail offered a link to 'Dating Tips from the Animal Kingdom'. Expecting the piece to delight and entertain was about as fruitful as reading the back of a shampoo bottle in search of fine literature, so I offer instead an alternative list of dating tips from the animal kingdom. 1. Our good friends and co-evolutionaries Canis familiaris (the domestic dog) show that when in doubt which hole to aim for, thrust wildly. You are bound to land in something good. 2. Shrimps' hearts are in their heads. Men have neither hearts nor heads. 3. The tongue of a giraffe (Giraffa camelopardalis) is half a metre in length, long enough to clean its own ears. If you can do the same there may be a career option you had not yet considered... 4. Dolphins engage in group sex. If those squeaky grey-skinned fisheaters can do it, so can you. 5. The females of the bonobo species (Pan paniscus), closely related to humans, are known to use sexual favours to gain status and food. A point to remember next time you're short of change at the corner shop. 6. Some ribbon worms will eat themselves if they cant find food. Unfortunately, men unable to find sex are rarely so talented. 7. The anal glands of cats, genus Felis, are used to mark their territory and identify themselves to other cats. Whether this explanation will convince the hotel not to charge you for excess laundering is questionable. 8. The sailfish, the swordfish and the mako shark can all swim at a speed of over 50 miles per hour. If you meet someone unpleasant at a club it's unlikely you'll be able to escape as quickly. 9. Lions have been known to mate over 50 times a day. This is probably the sole criterion to become King of the Jungle. 10. A rhinoceros's horn is made of hair. Men who are lacking in the horn department, on the other hand, are not advised to grow ponytails to compensate for the fact. 11. Human birth control pills work on gorillas. If you have more success finding contraceptives and a female gorilla than a mate, something has gone horribly wrong. 12. Time is limited and some opportunities may never repeat themselves. Take a tip from swallows of the genus Hirundo, who mate in midair, regardless of the number of people on the flight. As an aside, whilst researching this entry I ran across a site of dolphin dildoes. By which I do not mean dildoes shaped like dolphins. I mean dildoes the size and shape of a dolphin's member. Eep.

 First, some incredible (yet shocking, be warned) photos from the 2004 urlLink World Press Photo Contest . The father carrying his two dead sons to burial in Bam is horrific. A little hangover repair with Bryan. He came over and shot some pictures of me in full battle armour and some close-ups of my many scars. Heres a urlLink sampling from the Broken series, pre-adjustments to the contrast that loses the bottom of the frame: Think you're a urlLink geek ? We'll see about that! I scored a 22%. Yes, it happened; I left an entire full pint of beer virtually untouched at Grappa. And ate about 1/5 of the pizza I ordered. After hassling the help for water (the only thing I wanted), I was beginning to feel a bit more human. Today was a waste, lying in bed watching The Cooler and drinking soy milk, my healthful addiction. And now, just a little evening wrap up with This American Life , a show I adore and always seem to miss. Not so much these days without television, of course.

 Songs - Beastie Boys (feel free to throw things at me for stating something spoken from Madame Obvious) Shit, thank you, Will. Yes, I will continue to write. Because I have to, more than anything. This is the iron lung I depend upon to breathe.

 So many hours sitting in the sun! I was a good sister today and went to see my great, big brother graduate from UCSD. We got there at 1:30. And left at 5:30, dirty and exhausted. Me and Dad in concert, yelling at the mindless pedestrians and idiot drivers as we made our way out of the handicapped parking lot. Mom from the front seat: You know where you get it from, Charlotte. I challenge any OCD folks in my audience to spend a year with my pops and not get angry with folks. (Beasties Do It) I tried taking a picture of the Most Ridiculous Item of the Day (thanks, OReilly). But it didn't come out from the distance I took it from (a bit self-aware of the mental-case assumptions of others seeing a grown woman taking a picture of what seems to be out of the Stevie Wonder photo album). A tent was set up over a small pile of stadium seats. I noticed early on that, not only did it have a no smoking sign posted on the inner rim of the tent material, some 11 feet overhead. It had a bright orange EXIT sign posted at the edge. Just in case someone happens to forget their proximity to the thousands of people just steps away that werent enclosed in said tent. Not enough ridiculousness? There was a fire extinguisher mounted under these signs. The crowd was a horrid fashion like watching a catwalk on acid. I tried to capture some of the worst bits, but the working girls had somewhere to go, and quick! Some I got. Lady... just because everything you have on is a floral print doesn't mean that it matches. Shame on your family for not preventing this. Little was as offensive as the six or so idiot young women sitting behind our crew. Like, the one who sat directly behind me was barely clad in this primary color freak show of green and yellow. Yellow, the color of my pantyhose that plagued my dream life last night. Although my irritation wasnt given a proper opportunity for my impromptu oration about cheap women still pining for husbands in the University system Axia turns to me and says: And I could even tell you the color of her underwear if you like? Nough said that these women were a festering thorn in my side for the duration of the ceremony. Speeches rendered as dialogues. These idiots seemed to take turns with their utterances of slow-minded commentary. Not a clause went unaddressed. Meanwhile, they were interrupting me! I was trying to read another story in the Sedaris book to make the trite, saccharine speeches tolerable. Gawd! Show some respect! Im 100 pages into this, for Gods sake! And youre getting dangerously close to become the topic of his next short story! I gathered from the blather that the team they were there to cheer for was in the Psych dept. I thought Muir was real science? Anyway So when we got close to the Psych depts announcement, I skipped out with moms keys to retrieve things in the car that Id left. (white tulips for my brother) I couldnt bear to endure the assault of their sorority cheer. I knew what was coming, and I wasnt altogether certain of my faculties in restraint from violence. And just as I suspected, I missed quite a headache. I heard all about it from Ax. When I returned, there was no sign of blond hair or cheap sex! Good eye, Conrad! Uh, enough. I need to finish the PhotoShop task I set out on hours ago. Not that it takes very long but the posting is tedious.

 David Sedaris' new book , Dress Your Family. .., is so good, I almost feel guilty about capitalising on the Barnes and Noble 30% off gimick to get me to hurry in and buy a fresh hardback copy. Then again, it's not he who compromises. It's THE MAN! Brilliant. If we both weren't gay, I'd propose. In the immortal words of Groundskeeper Willy to his tractor, "if it waren't against the laws of nature, I'd marry ya!" Is it possible to have a reverse hangover? Like, can your body become so accustomed to waking up with puke-belly that when you don't drink, like me last night, you wake up somehow ill? This is going to be a long day for me sitting in the sun on the campus of UCSD with the ten thousand other bored but patient friends and family there to support their brother/sister/wife/neighbour/dealer/tax preparer upon graduation. Shit, I need a drink.

 Who knew the sound of a stapler could be so erotic? Its after 12, and I really should have gone to sleep hours ago, nap or no nap. But as I was locking up for the night, a movie came on HBO. Im a sort of slave to it, so I stayed up. Jennifer the other day: Have you ever seen the movie urlLink Secretary ? she asked. Have I? and I laughed almost finding no other words to say. For much of this to make complete sense, you have to see it, me thinks. Never before has a film so validated what I used to think was a horrible side plot to my life. The base relief of a self-inflicted incision is, on some levels, as pleasurable as it gets. After my accident (the only accident was misjudgment, hospital, stitches), I couldnt believe what I was seeing when I rented this flick not knowing beforehand - just trying to satiate a bit of an s&m appetite was all. You know how it is. It ends quite happily, this film. But true to form, Im not letting myself see the last twenty minutes. Kind of like being bent over the desk with your knickers about your knees and not being touched, just left in suspense while you listen to your partner climax behind you. I like that shes always listening to her headphones. Listening to a self-help narration about how to come out as a dominant/submissive. And the boundless workouts Mr. Grey resorts to when his red pens wont suffice. I miss those psuedosexual half marathons and the endless pushups. What strange creatures we are. No wonder I lasted so long with a married woman who brought me to my knees (metaphorically) with all sorts of controlling rules about sex. Control. Having it; willingly handing yours over to another... Now thats trust. Or a sign that I need more help than there are professionals in the world;) MPAA rating: R for "DEPICTION OF BEHAVIORAL DISORDERS" Hey! Fuck you! This is my life!

 Just Say No... to laugh-tracks. Just because I dont have tv doesnt mean Id miss tonights burial of the President. When the bugle sounded and played taps, the tears came. Watching that sweet old woman crying with her forehead pressed to the coffin while clutching his flag was truly heartbreaking. Experiencing the loss through her, I think, helped to break through the self-consciousness that saw me watching tv and weeping for someone I never knew (when I sure as hell didnt cry at the last funeral I went to). Margarat Thatcher, Arnie and Maria, and WHA? Whats Scott Baio doing there? If theres one thing Ive been reminded of through these past couple of weeks is the power that images have to form a persons personal recollection of history. Which is why I came to mom and dads tonight to be a witness to this too. To watch it alone so Im free to express whatever I want without the consideration of another. Feeling ridiculous for crying. Feeling pressed to say something funny to allow us to step out of the moment in case it had an actual weight that means something, perhaps something uncomfortable. Ah, the images of military men and the pie-in-the-sky words of a chaplain. Who says were a secular nation where military might and Christian ideology remain separate? This was all a little too fantastic for me, but then it wasnt my funeral, now was it? Seriously though isnt the notion of touching the face of god upon dying just a little too first millennia? This is probably not new to all of you who've been watching tv all along this week, but FOX keeps running these old ads of Reagan (the channel no TV isnt set to in the parental conservative kingdom). Ads I actually remember from his reelection campaign in 84. With all the world events we watch unfolding before our eyes, its amazing how much we retain. Considering how braindead television is said to make us. Strange to revisit these old sensory pathways left to grow over with weeds for so many years. Seeing this stuff again is kind of like hearing a song you cant quite place but know it means something. Unlike the songs of Ray Charles which are as easy to place as the national anthem. Fresh Air rebroadcast an interview Terry had with him a few short years ago, and I listened to it for the second time this week. His interview played like a song so well matched with his rough-honey singing voice; songs that filled my condo all afternoon. He will be missed. And again, Im sorely reminded of why I turned off my tv months ago. As soon as the coverage of the sunset funeral ended, so did my interest.

 Oh, cat torture is fun! No, this was something they needed. A bath, the first one they've had since they were kittens, I understand. But hell, they smell like poopy paws - Jingo hides in his cat box when he's distressed. And now he's hiding in my closet. The attempt to blow dry him seemed to only stress him out, however he nuzzled my neck when he first felt the heat. Alas, the images. I own rats.

 Ankle reconstruction surgery front: Why a swollen scar? Ok, so it was 6 weeks ago that I got this whole thing cut into. And its still far from healing by all outward signs. Wolgin showed me why today. All set for a I know youve been walking on this, Charlotte. I can tell. Instead, I got a MD with a pair of sharp looking tweezers. He stuck half a cm of said metal implement into my wound. The unexpected pain had me shriek facing him and at a parallel with the wall to my left, two feet over I yelled a brief but well understood obscenity as I swung my foot across my body and into the wall beside me. He kept digging after I apologized for having been caught off-guard. No warning from him, of course. But he kept at it, and I put on my tattoo face. Pains in the mind, pains in the mind Why is it swollen and not healed yet? Wolgin pulled out an INCH & segment of stitch that was never addressed. Dunno what your thoughts about this are, but all I want you to know is this: its not meant to be pulled through the eye holes so late in the game. As I leave he tells me that Im the only patient of his who hasnt demanded anesthesia for such a thing. I leave with a swollen trouser snake for having been such a diehard. (It's only a string left in a wound.) Only to come home to find Fuck me, I get a lot of SPAM each day. Like, 95% of what comes in? I think the Fed should up the ante and prosecute offenders with a 10B fine per offender. To pay to the employers who what was the figure released today? The $2,000/per employee per year, the cost that the average came to. Who else should die beside SPAMers? If I see another goddamned HUMMER driven by some spaced out, artificial tits, kept woman, cell phone in her fucking ear, unleashed kids screaming without consequence, with a goddamned Starbucks tall soy latte with three shots with some Splenda put in first before the espresso, while shes driving Youre gonna have to visit my taxidermist and spend your fictitious afterlife as a stuffed pig mounted on my wall. Pay attention; when the light goes green and youre too distracted from trying to get little Jordan and Mackinsey to soccer practice on time, you ought to expect a lot of horns sounding when youre on your motherfucking phone and you let such a gap betwixt you and the car in front that only you make the light. If Im feeling saucy, the sum total of my verbal pistol will certainly make your acquaintance if I find myself with a face-to-face opportunity. This lot, theyre devils. All of them. First of all, if they were decent human beings, theyd boycott Starbucks. Because theyre too dumb to use a fucking apostrophe when appropriate. Wheres the outrage already? How many times have I been going 50 in a 40 residential zone only to be blown off the road by some Escalade or Tahoe going 75 in the lane beside me. On its way to a nail appointment or something equally critical. God bless our patriots. (sniff-sniff) Uh, I hate them all. Unless their sexuality has somehow become ambivalent. Then theyre a fun bunch to party with. Blurred lines with a complacent participant is always worth your quarter. I was in her neighborhood today. One of them, Im afraid. Why the animosity? Pay me for my shrinks, and you can deduce what you like. I went to Jimbos with my head down, limped along in the aisles to grab my soy milk, broccoli, and a 16oz bottle of Annies Goddess dressing. If I saw her, Id have certainly dropped my basket and run off. I can still love her from a distance. I like it best this way. After five years (come Oct 1st), Id still rather have my plateau of shit than the hurt that I had back then with her.

 The website apparel arrived yesterday with a brief knock at my door followed by the rumble of a big brown truck. Im thrilled; Im so wearing urlLink this today. Up early enough this morning to witness the waking of the machines in the sculpted lots of dirt out my window. Waiting out the traffic before heading to moms on the way to my MD appt. I need some dog time. And the lure of the tivo that has the Sopranos season finale. I cant take the wait. Enough. A quick last cigarette before entering the no-smoker zone of moms company.

 This intense dream that kept me occupied all night was disrupted by a shrill scream dispatched by my mobile phone. The phone Id put by the bed atop my box of naughties with the knowledge that Bryan would be calling me around noon on his way home from Mt. Palomar. I rushed to wake myself, throwing crap in my newly blackened hair and wiping away the residual eye makeup that made me look a loser in a late night boxing match. I got started on the dishes to make the place habitable when he came in. arms full of goods to make a Mexican smorgasbord. We ate. And then got down to business. Id agreed to some topless pictures. Im not immodest, but he is my best guy friend. And not judgmental of my recently accumulated pounds. So heres a sample It was weird to have just dreamt of him, trying to separate the realities of both the imagined state and the hardly awake me. In sleep, Id just been trying to set someone up for a crime with his help. So vivid and so not necessary to go into details. Like the earlier dream wherein I was winning accolades by bringing a series of women to orgasm. The details of this dream may raise more eyebrows, but that too isnt quite necessary. Sorry, boys. The other day, Id noticed the new stretch marks that showed up on my breasts since gaining weight. The hairline remnants of teenagedom on my hips went bright with newness but those were a lot less appropriate for photography. I did promise that when I go back to my normal weight, Ill pose for him. Hes seen actual topless pictures of me; I hardly care these days. Today was nice. Its not many folks I know that I feel comfortable enough around that Id allow myself to play with other projects while I have company. He played on my computer with PhotoShop while I messed around with making phone calls and reworking the artwork in the place. I like that. Having the guilt of a bad hostess removed.

 Its mid June and its only urlLink 54F in Bolzano today. Sure, Im a lifetime fan of long-sleeved shirts, but that doesnt mean I dont want them rolled up when Im out for a windows-down drive through the back roads? Each time I used my passport as ID today on my frugal shopping spree, I got doe eyed checker girls asking me where Ive been to have such a thing. --My European pals, not many of us own such documents.-- And there was one girl who, of course, asked me where Im from. Very hard not to make up a story and fake an accent after speaking earlier in plain So.Cal. English. Laws against retail violence kept me from drowning her pretty little head in the employee washbin. Apparently, the name of my country of residence is too hard too find on the cover of that thing hm, now where is it? Im anxious about my Thursday md appt with my ankle surgeon. I know Im in line for flogging for having gotten moving so soon after surgery. I dont want the reprimand. Just like the dentist even if you brush and floss every day, they still give you crap about something. But Im sure my wound healing (or lack) is going to result in an ass-whoopin. I just hate that. My armed response: Im a soccer player; I need ankles that arent too stiff to begin with. I cant even put on shoes. But I oiled up my old Puma Kings this afternoon. Theres a cleat missing, but to have that leather in my hands again shoes that I always used to Ok, so when my mom would take me out for new football boots/soccer cleats Id always ride home in the backseat and take them out of the box. They used to be kangaroo leather back in the day, but I dont think my last pair is. We paid over 100 for these in 1996. That was the week before my last match of my teen years. When I tore my knee and retired. Ten years old. And I still Im never letting these out of my possession. I had another soccer dream. What is this? Always, I cry because I cant do it anymore. Song Frank Sinatra Baubles, Bangles, and Beads Another friendly music request a nice 80 min collection of Frank would be lovely.

 I can't get him to walk in my sidebar. Does anyone out there among the html geeks who can tell me why this is?

 So, there are training programs all over the county. Do any of you know? What programs should I aim to gain proficiency? Framemaker is one, for that finance job. It seems I should get to know a lot more and have that certification in hand when I continue to apply for things. Does anyone out there know anything about Proposal Writing? Grant Writing? Technical Writing? If youve a resource you can pass on, leave a comment, ok? And Paula whats the womans name who came to my folks Encinitas house? The one who works/ed for Harcourt? Back to work. Hair is nearly black dark, dark brown with reddish tints. I like. IM me and Ill turn on the webcam.

 Oh, the swelling. I didnt even do anything today aside from a little job interview clothes shopping at two stores three miles away. Really, nothing Ive done signals poor judgment. But its not happy. The scar isnt sealing. I applied for another job today at Anacomp in Carmel Mtn Ranch. This ones for proposal writing, something Im super qualified for. And a decent entry wage too. Hell, 500/week would please me. I could get out of debt in three months. But that aside, and its not the highest of priorities, I could have a place in the world that being a broken body has kept out of arms reach. Im doing more research for my last two papers and some more job hunting once the oven timer goes off for my latest hair dying adventure reaches a boil. Maybe in Austin? Shit, I need a specialization...

 Our evening began in Peter Sachelles comfortable study in his New York townhouse. Where the candlelight was just right, the HiFi was in the background, and the wine was delicious. ... Mmmm! It does go well with the chicken! The urlLink new Beastie Boys is scheduled for release this month. And although most of you don't have the same affinity for them that I do, I still will keep my preorder at Amazon that ensures its delivery that very day. The urlLink new PJ Harvey is released today. Buy one and mail me a copy, ok? I mean, "today" like, it's 12.20am here now.

 Job Description: Harcourt Trade Publishers has two entry level opportunities for a career in publishing. We are looking for two individuals, one to work in Children's publishing and one to work in Adult publishing. The right candidate will have superb writing and communication skills and will be organized, detail oriented, and proficient with MS Word, Excel, Explorer, and other common office programs. Any related children's book, adult book, bookselling, or publishing experience a plus. Please indicate your primary area of interest (children's/adult) in your cover letter. Oh my god, am I applying for this tomorrow!! Shit, mom and dad. Sell this place and give me a relocation subsidy for the trouble, and let me live somewhere safe downtown! I know Im ready for a perfect job that actually utilizes my talents. A position like this even makes me want to live somewhere other than this place. [slapping the faint that has come upon you] no, really. Id be a pal to my folks to allow them to sell this place all 100,000 more than they paid 9 months ago. Think theyd pay my rent for a year? I do. Ah, the things you can find out online late at night.

 (drum roll...) This marks the 600th entry at this site ! (crowd cheering!) In case you were unsure about my compulsions... I've got many more coming. This , my kittens, is the picture of the day.

 Shelby Lynne - Thought It Would Be Easier Talk to me. Did our administrations naivete create unreachable goals for the people of Iraq? Did we really think that our progressively-more free-market economy would translate well into a newly democratic society? I just dont understand what the point was to this war. Hows Russia doing 15 years after the fall of communism? Its nothing we can fund into happening the way we want it, Im afraid. Maybe Bush really wants out of office? Maybe he knows that the voters of November, 2004 will have not lived to see the implementation of his Divine plan. Maybe he got a fat advance for the postscript and is waiting until then for the big A-HA to be news. Maybe Im stoned. Would you really be able to tell? Me ankles bleeding again, so Im off the feet until I wake tomorrow afternoon. What more is there in the life of ol crippled me than a torrent of blog vomit?

 Ginsberg: (voice) Strange New Cottage in Berkeley Incubus: Are You In? So, I've got this to show for the day. Along with what has already been posted. A standard letter, but it's a verification that my resume has been received and it's now in the system. Hi, Charlotte- Thank you for responding to our job posting for the financial technical writer here in Carlsbad, CA. Your application is being evaluated against the requirements for this position. If we determine there is a possibility of a match or if we need additional information to make a decision, we will contact you. If we determine that you do not represent a good match for this position, we will keep your resume on file and keep you in mind for any future positions for which you may be more appropriately qualified. Thanks again, and best of luck with your career search.

 Thanks to Jennifer for sending me urlLink this link to some interesting images. The sexualizing of children troubles me, but in terms of art for arts sake, its a good bit of work.. My mind is lulled into repose this evening. Gave myself the right to tune out and turn up the music after the conclusion of my hardest class this term. And after submitting my resume to another two companies. One being SAIC, a company my dad works with (or used to work for, too - I forget). I told my mom about it tonight, in part to tell her what Im up to and also to boost my credibility as her unemployed and physically disabled youngest. See? Im not resting on my laurels. My laurels are broken, so how could I? No, my laurels are few and far between. Thats the concern she has that Im wishing to prove in my favor. One job I had to skip over. Because the last line in the description read: Security Clearance a plus. Me? A security clearance. Mom and I had a good laugh at that one. What have I done in my life that would owe itself to such a thing? Theres so no possibility of earning one, I wouldnt even accept a job knowing that they may ask me to apply for one sometime down the road. Im not sure, but I think my relationship to my father would exclude me, aside from any indiscretions of my own. He had his revoked back in the day. Asshole, unjust government. Thats book #2. It was once pointed out to me that my sense of self is battered back and forth between arrogance and suicide. Maybe not in such extremes, but I agree with the assessment. Its easy to get my foot in the door to things like jobs. But when it comes to the 4 oclock hour of the night and Im awake again and staring out 1,000 yards ahead of me, I can hardly see myself taking a shower the next day. Of course, theres reason for it. The weight of unreasonable expectations. It fuels both ends of the spectrum. It helps to get me where I want to go. And truly, most of the time I have no trouble believing my over-confident self. I think its my propensity for unclothed honesty that brings me back to a more critical view. As in, accuracy of perception. I seem to forget about all the people I know who are successful, the ones who I could deconstruct to infants at first glance. They just dont show their cards with everything they do. Why do I feel the obligation? Still holding myself hostage for the guilt past lives have given me? Yes, this is resting for me. Pealing back my skin is my long-loved pastime. Time to play, sing along

 The urlLink fruits of my last 3 hours of writing. The cumulative work of my graduate seminar in Virginia Woolf. I stitched together two shorter papers along with some new analysis and cinched up the redundancies. As always, it took a different trajectory than the outset indicated. But that just means I was listening to my research and my writing as I went along. Of course, its flawed. But you know me and my aversion to rereading my work. And hell, its an A. Or rather, who gives a shit at this point? Graduate school is a fantasy, not a plan. So dont get out your red pens and tell me about it if you want to keep all your limbs and digits. And please, if you're a student somewhere and find this... please be kind and urlLink cite properly .

 Another nightmare of physical impotence in the face of an important soccer match. As usual, Im too old and slow to perform. Makes me think of Tony Sopranos coach dream where the bullets fall out of the clip and he squats down in a panic trying to reload. Except that no one but me is critical of my performance. Can I work out today? A better question: Will I be devastated if I translate a panic dream into action, thereby pushing my surgery recovery to come together too quickly? I just want my body back. Ive heap of real writing to do today, so Ill put this aside. I'm envisioning Dancer in the Dark , trying to set my work rhythm to the incessant sounds of machinery from the construction sites.

 I may have had my stash of headlines pissed on, but that doesn't mean I can't start saving them again... the safer way.

 Google-bombing? Type in "waffles," and you get a urlLink search that holds place #1 for a story about John Kerry. Folks are so sneaky... yet... it's a brilliant manipulation of the access to information.

 Do you know what your states official folk dance is? Upon some distracted, tangential searches whilst looking for jobs, I came across some information you may be interested to know. Calleeefornya : State folk dance (since it was used as a teaser): Square Dancing! Thats nice and white! You know the steps! State Insect : The California Dogfaced Butterfly. So romantic, yes? State Mineral : GOLD! How fitting for the dozen-plus California cities that claim the promise of golden riches in their taglines. Ah, memories of the greed that got us here! State Reptile : The Dessert Tortoise. Emblematic of the legislature and the state govt itself. Massive and slow and a relic of the ancients. Or you may not be interested to know. You skim this shit anyway, dont you?

 Been sending out my resume today to various writing jobs in the area. I think Im going to try to teach myself Framemaker really quickly so I get one of them. And hey! 20 and hour! A REAL job! Im excited to move on. Swollen, scarred ankle and all. Ill be a graduate in weeks and Im so confident that Ill be able to beat my self-deprecating nature to allow myself a chance. More than a chance. Back to the searches

 An experimental photo I think I'll keep in mind when redoing the RRCB artwork. urlLink More upcoming. A fat America? Well, at least we'll be educated. A Trivial Persuit question on a Pringles potato chip? Ah, yes. Ease your frenetic excitement; the urlLink idea is well copywritten.

 A bit of a bitch... First, I made my ankle scar split by forgetting Im only 5 weeks from surgery and standing on my toes to get to a tough ceiling spot with the paint brush. Ouch! Ugh, the ooze. No wonder it was sore to the touch this morning. I bet this happened many times yesterday by the look of it this afternoon. Then, I dont know if Ive mentioned it before, but I save newspapers from events that matter. The New York Times the day Clinton was impeached, the 911 coverage I keep just a couple. Well, I was going about adding my CSUSM graduation on the front page of the local rag. Only to find that a cat of mine shit and pissed all over the stack. Including my MRI and XRAY films. Oh, but how I love them! Cat piss in the house is so unacceptable. By the smell of the urine, I think it was fat boy. If only they were more sentient so I could wallop them and send them to their rooms. Yet, the bathroom is done with the preliminary coat, sans touch-ups. Ill save the detail work until I feel more able to reach.

 I've spaced the picture of the day, so here's a whole site... urlLink

 The cynacism prevails... Upon searching for an animated gif of our us flag flying low... I come upon this: hope this doesn't ruin my template... And the link to said creature is as big a headline on the urlLink White House website as Reagan's death. No, as big as the link to Bush's comments about it. Maybe I'm just misinformed about what the site is supposed to be.

 I don't care what y'all say. Some folks at urlLink Mefi upset me into not reading past the first ten comments. That man allowed how many gay men die without calling for a goddamned this to happen? Yet, he was my childhood hero. Ok. An analogy: Even if it's your dad who sells your ass to the circus. He's still your dad, right? He meant something when you were a kid, however maturity has pulled that picture into a tighter frame? I'm conflicted (as always), but let it be confirmed; my first phone call after I heard the news was to my mom. 35% of the conservative stronhold that captured my life from the get-go. she seemed much less affected. I, on the other hand, was soft enough to tear up each time the radio made mention of it in a full sentence. Think I'd better tend to an angry ankle than keep wondering about. An era.

 Another site of spiritually inspiring urlLink photos courtesy of urlLink MeFi . The series on Tibet is of particular interest to me. A spiritual destination for those who don't find fulfillment at Starbucks.

 They may or may have gone to sleep by the time the sun was up. I heard them screwing around at dawn, but that could have been due to the light pouring in from the wall of windows that line the living rooms east side. In any case, theyre up now after having slept out there. Probably tired from watching the soft core that I remember being a part of the pay channels late-night fare. Now doing what all kids are so talented at; flipping through the channels. Its a dreary, damp day outside, demanding that I use my headlights and wipers on my quick trip to the center of town for a coffee. My car, however immaculate from a recent wash, looks plainly like the hired help in this area. Except that theres no truck bed filled with rakes and lawn clippings. It may be my hometown around here, but I sure as shit dont fit in as a grown adult with no job. Im inspired to get down to business with some serious writing today, but I dont have my materials with me. Or rather, I do, but I dont want to launch into a complicated session of introspection and reflection without the comfort of my usual set-up at home. The chair, the view, the solitude. Next best thing: get back into Richter and work to sum up my studies at CSUSM. That, I came prepared to do.

 If your life was a fabric, what would you be? I didnt expect to be able to attend my neighbors going-away party that was to be held at the pool area of my childhood home. Our kick-ass neighbors, Susan and Bob, are about to move from the country to begin anew in New Zealand. Ive known these folks since I was a 4th grader, already the pre-pubescent troublemaker on my way to becoming a fully fledged terror. I believe their oldest was in diapers back then, now a handsome teenager with a younger sister who I remember being carried home by an excited couple one October day. Bob is a sweetheart. Memories of babysitting for the two and him coming home in the late hours with horrific tales of crazy patients in the ER. Hes a surgeon at Tri-City, plucked by the foreign government for this talent, so I gather. Most men creep me out at best. Bob is and has always been fantastic. Intelligent, kind, dark, and incredibly cool to both the child and adult me. He came in to visit me in my nightmarish moments immediately following my back surgery. A friend on the inside. It meant so much to me. He told me stories of kinky sex gone amiss at a teenager. And much more that I still find myself rolling around in my mouth, unable to decide whether to spit or savor. Tales told as I sat rapt with attention, over a stiff drink he poured for himself as we two awaited Susans return home. Being the babysitter for an on-call doctor allowed for some well-thought-of moments with my neighbor. These I hold as my most personalized, the most meaningful. And Susan. Ive a kinship with her that remains highly specialized, even among the friends I have today. Our shared penchant for writing, our dramatic tales of travel, those long nights at parties and our sharing of secrets involving shared cabs and the resolutions brought out by an empty bottle. I remember the night I came out to her. That purging of anguish that did little to help ease my transition into an uncertain future as a lesbian but that helped me gain insight into the possibility of the people in my life becoming understanding allies. Id just come out to my mom, if I remember correctly, and the reception over there wasnt too encouraging. Susan, however, listened to me, engaged me. Theyre leaving, and I wanted so much to be there tonight to see them off. So I was able to make it after all, if only for an hour. Enough time to be there for the toast, a glass of champagne held high to the couple among a neighborhood of friends they had made in the past two decades. Enough time to get to say my private goodbyes to the both of them. And when I said my goodbye to Susan right as I was walking out, I wanted to cry. I would now, but the boys Part of me wants to believe that our talents with the written word could actually facilitate a better connection over the distance than weve had all along, especially after I grew up and moved out. It makes me feel better this evening to pretend as much. Circumstances shift, and all these stories remain. Its this knitting together of disparate moments that constitutes the specific texture of our realities. Driving away, I realized how I would structure the Bolzano story. Thought about how getting published could help to strengthen that fragile bond of connection thats so hard to keep threaded and so hard to let go of.

 scenes from a mini mall googaplex Ive regressed now fully into the life and times of a jr. high school student. Being around Trevor and his pal, Mike Owens, is a total kick in the pants. The times havent changed so much as I figured they would have in the past decade or two. Sex on the brain still occurs far before the act is ever a part of ones actual reality. And little comes of conversation before its yoked back into more talk of sex. Technological advancements haven't accelorated nuttin'. The drive home from the movie tonight included discussions of porn, tapping that ass of someone named well, I forgot. Theyll insist its because I dont know her. Back to porn again and lines spoken by Dave Chappelle. Upon arriving home, they wound themselves up making disparaging statements about ugly chicks before running off into the other side of the house to get on the phone and the nightly IM scene. I, meanwhile, have to laugh at how much I can still keep up with the juvenile male mind. There are plenty of things that would never been spoken about from my own initiation, but that doesnt mean that I dont enjoy being a part of it when the commentary has already reached full-swing. Mike was like (yes, I need to use the proper parlance its more effective): M: Do chicks look at porn? Me: I do. T: Charlotte has her dads old Madonna Penthouse issue. M: Really? Me: I inherited his stash, are you kidding? I wasnt about to let my mom throw that away. M: But doesnt your dad look at girls. Me: Yep. - pause - And then knowing laughter between me and Trevor. He knows Im queer, and I almost make it a point not to shut my mouth about it to his friends. Like, what possible role models do they have aside from the possibility of a relative? I know I wont be seeing either of them for the rest of the night. Im left to either watch TV (gag) or to toss in one of my movies. Or continue to blog. I have a couple more things to say, so Ill go on About the party I went to in between scenes at a mini mall googaplex.

 Im expecting this damned dizziness to subside soon I havent been feeling all that myself with these posts. I guess Im slow to remembering how much those pills threw me for a loop when I first was getting acclimated to them. Im at Trevors, babysitting until tomorrow night. That term is so long gone in accuracy. He walked in to say hello this morning a full grown teen-ager. Deep voice, matured features, arms and legs with the well-defined musculature of an athlete. I think it was awkward for the both of us at first. I hadnt seen him in a couple of months. I didnt know what to say after acknowledging how much older he looks. And I cant imagine that his mid-20s babysitter is quite the same person to him anymore either. All he spoke of in his brief teenage speak was about girls. Dropping words like hot chick and horny in one sentence was a bit of a shock. It wasnt even a year ago that hed comfortably shine the idea of shower and dressing in more than his boxers when crawling out of his room in the morning. Yet hell be 14 by the end of the summer, and my thoughts of him as a charming 9 year-old are fast disappearing. Pictures soon... The folks are out of town on a house hunting adventure in Santa Barbara. A place, I gather, that is actually more expensive than Rancho Santa Fe. Impossible but true. When asked, Trevor had a mere two-word reply to the idea. He either doesnt care or was just being a teenager. I guess thats one way of putting a cap on this relationship with them though. Otherwise, Ill be the babysitter until he gets his license, me thinks. Glad I skipped out on last night. Weve all got a different idea of how to negotiate plans and friendships. Mine are a bit less up for discussion. Its fine; schools over after all.

 this is disturbing, and it's only because i'm already feeling like shit on a stick that i even post it. urlLink sheeit 001.jpg the vet told me this is nothing i can do to help, all symptoms considered. if he was sick and not just old (10), i/he'd be worried. and since thundercat is meaty and happy, it's not something i can do in terms of fixing. having adopted him only a short few months ago made sense to him. thanks for the free consult, ma friend. "just love him and give him a place to run off to." which i gather means a soft, dark place to die. (ok, this may be a small reason as to why i'm feeling it today)

 How soon after kicking meds before I turn back into the crazed troll that I was before I began this 15 pill regimen? Using my passport (as usual) at the grocery store nearly turned deadly for a pair of unknowing clerks. "Don't you have anything else?" "No. It's a passport." "We don't take these." I feigned a smile and explained to them (with a line forming behind me), Well, why dont you go double check that policy with your manager? Its not my fault. Ill be fired if I let you use that thing. Ok, its not a pistol. That thing sounds vaguely like Im talking about an item too horrible to be mentioned by its linguistic code, p-a-s-s-p-o-r-t. No, of course I realize its not your fault. (more fake smiles) Just, you need to register with the federal government to own such a thing. (always helps the folks on the other extreme of the IQ bell curve to repeat a part of their sentence in your reply). Its a bit more involved than a simple drivers license. Whatever. And she walks off. I make a genuine plea of apology to the five folks behind me, clearly unsure of how or if they should react. I may smile like a blithe asshole when I have to, but theres never an escape from the edge to my voice when Im clearly not in the mood for Lupitas high jinks. All are happy to oblige. The goddess (what eyes!) in line directly behind me mutters something audible to only me: Its not like you even have to be a citizen to get a drivers license. Subtext clear. So the checker returns with my well-stamped, holographed document with the Ralphs managers approval propelling her shuffle back to her station. Id be fired if I didnt ask. Youre not going to feed my kids. No, I dont think Id want that trouble, thank you. Interaction ends. I grab my bags and walk briskly away. So like, I dont give a shit about your kids. Even less about you, you stupid fuck. Im only two pills away from jumping across the conveyor belt to grab your hair for a handle as I bash your head into the register. But somehow I was only mildly irritated. Like when you know youre right, and the jury will come through in time to verify your innocence. I knew this, and held in to myself the warm comfort of a blog entry in development. So by the time Im 100 paces from the store, I hear a shout behind me. Hoping it was the hot mama behind me, I groaned to myself to see Lupita waving a dollar bill in my direction. I didnt give exact change. The bother was too much for me to stick around to have my due metered out by Ms. In-Charge. I turn and thank her. What else do I say? Well, I came up with something, didn't I? Nice of you. You could have kept it to help feed your kids. ________ Back to my home with the doors locked and a decided attitude of general animosity towards my fellow humans. Tinged with the ever-present undercurrent of dispair. I could just dismember myself if it didn't involve such a mess. And no, Im not going to dinner with the girls. I made other plans today already that emptied my bank account, and Im really not in the mood for scraping together a feeling of gratitude for not having been flaked on after all. And quite honestly, it wouldn't pair well with this inward hostility that's brewing. Maybe had I bought that copy of Secretary instead of the Bjork album, I'd be up to my elbows in my own blood at this hour. Then again, the day ain't ova yet. I'm shivering with disrupted energy.

 Been wasting time this afternoon trying to distract myself from the hormonal/chemical influences that keep trying to swallow me whole and dive back down into the deep. Playing with the idea of Iceland. New Bjork live album of Vespertine in my possession rekindling my want to visit that strange country. An earth so visibly under continual formation, a culture whose language is the closest living thing to Old English as any still alive. Mythological lineages still breathing in the landscape. Settled just before England was invaded by Normandy in 1066 (for those linguists out there, you know how momentous this was). Europe wasnt what it is now - a deck of cards still in shuffle. Rare that a culture and its location could retain such ancient ties to both human and geological primacy. G rfast bestur einsetumaur stll Me a skegg og a ppa Og a pfagaukur hvor hli En n G can't gera this n . I like seeing if I can read it, picking up what I remember from my brief education from Hayton on how to pronunciate Old English. Beowulf was a riot. I got called on to perform a smidge. Yes, this is why I enjoyed college. I want a new escape plan.

 So wonderful to get the hell out of town yesterday. A long, winding drive to see Bryan at his campsite on Palomar Mtn. opened up my senses and shed the stress of living in an increasingly bigger city. Those drives were more fun once upon a time when I had a manual transmission. When I hadnt yet developed a healthy fear of death. Then again, youth and its energy prevented me from being able to appreciate the stillness of being in the world, of being alone with the trees. Those changes of scenery and breaks from citified reality always result in a slow return to the world. Plans (a word that ought to be in quotes) to meet friends for dinner tonight have shifted shape, from an event Ive looked forward to to a sort of chore that seems more likely to be uncomfortable and even painful than celebratory in any way. I suppose I could be a lot more wordy than this, but its simple: Trees dont flake. Its easier to count on the consistency of solitude than to risk developing expectations that Im not prepared to have dashed. Itd be different if that last time I made plans with them wasnt such a personal disaster for me. Spending all that money to put on a dinner party with the knowledge that theyd be coming to my house at a date set a week before. Making myself sore from the cleaning efforts. And then being left holding the bag, feeling like an asshole. That feeling that takes over when Ive been disrespected, and I run with it, making the original infraction a mere footnote to a much more punishing experience. Exhibit A ah, you all know to what Im referring. If talk radio is making me cry these days, Im pretty sure that something that actually affects me wont go over too well. So in preparation, Ive written off the dinner idea. No ones calling me back anyway or answered my email I threw out there to test the waters. I hate people. Maybe Ill get lost again today. Cut my phone line, lose myself in a film. Im weaning myself off of the effexor, buspar, elavil, neurontin, and lamictal. It may be a little bumpy on the decent. Or assent. Im not sure where all these chemicals have taken me. And no, Im not entirely sure why Im going off of them. A desperate scramble to need nothing, or an experiment in circumstantial madness.

 Happy Blooms-day! On my way to the mountains to see Bryan. He's reading the bible; I'll bring Ulysses .

 From the frontlines of anti-establishment, even the Beastie Boys have gone ahead and waxed political on their new album. Granted, its not a cardinal sin, nor a rare occurrence hearing someone whos aware of the captive audience they have and says something contentious or otherwise political. But somehow when you hear 40ish rappers talk about the international scene in a UN/OPEC framework, it sounds like theyre getting up there. Too old not to give a damn, yes. But I look to rap (a very tiny, tiny slice of my calorie intake) to remove me from my mundane life devoid of hoes and bitches, my humble existence without a pimp ride. Today though, I had a little sensory ecstasy that let me shed all the suspicion, angst, and welling despair that makes the world go round. I put my feet in warm Pacific Ocean waters. After an incredible blackened halibut burrito at Kis with my dear, Andrea, she suggested we go check out the actual beach itself. I left my flips on a rock and tiptoed into the rubber-wet sand and waited in suspense for the next wave to come in. cold? Frigid? I would have chosen icy if I was in charge (to ice me ankle, mates), but to my surprise. It was very Barbados indeed. A delicious temperature. If I was even allowed to be walking like this now, Id have considered shedding my oversized clothes employed to hide the girth and just jumped in. The smell of the ocean alone intoxicated me like a cloud of cooked coke. But I didnt get hard with this. Just took in the beauty, shut my eyes for just a second, and thought about where Id like to be buried one day.

 Im walking like an old man tonight. Shopping isnt something I can do yet, but of course the promise of material goods outweigh the promise of physical discomfort. Thats what fashion is all about, no? Not only did the Earth shake (see earlier post below), but my world shook today. DAVID SEDARIS on NPR? Granted, hes not the hero of mine that Sarah Vowell is (theyre pals), but when you await someones new book release like an aging KISS fan in a sleeping bag outside a Ticketmaster outlet. Well you get a little excited is all. And yes, I looked for him on BookTV when I was at my folks house last weekend. Its a goddamned bestseller. And considering thatd be happy, like D.P. Witchface, if 95% of the population were incinerated by tomorrows sunrise, Im personally a little surprised by this. Hes a weird little gay man who hates most of you. Is this an episode where unknowing idiots sign onto that willing suspension from realizing their own names within the text? Just to be in on the joke if someone more cultured than you drops his name at one of your fabulous dinner parties? I laugh out loud so much when I read his shit, Im afraid I appear more sauced than I may actually be in truth. The story about him cleaning apartments for money, his # getting mixed up with another cleaning service advertised in a fag rag. The sweaty monster who peals off his shorts and masturbates openly to gay porn while David blithely turns the vacuum back on as a way to mask the sound of the mans hand smacking against the papers constituting a skyscraper of gay porn on the couch beside him. Yes, that story. One of those that did NOT make it into the New Yorker. When youre drinking beer alone in public in the middle of a beautiful day, its a little suspect when youre laughing too hard to catch your breath, alternately sniffing and wiping tears from your face. Too many words are required to explain that its not a tangential relation to your empty mug. Or to even give these moments a proper context enough to even post excerpts here. Emotions on the surface, I came upon one of his stories that wasnt funny at all. In fact, I had to stare at something far off in the distance to keep myself from collapsing into a full-body sob. Ive been unusually emotional since dropping off of that drug I was taking so much of (max dose) for a year now. Cold turkey syndrome. But the story. Was mysteriously named in a decidedly non-English word never explained within its short few pages. It told of his having been kicked out of his parents house. For being gay. Hm. Just like me! My throat swelled. Almost a year ago to date, my mom told me to get lost or listen to her demoralize me and every queer on the planet at will and to my face. The story ends with his mother sobbing in the car, there to help her son move out and finally dropping him off at his older sisters apartment. Sobbing, Im sorry, Im sorry, Im sorry while he wonders after the fact about the actual gravity of the moment that he missed as a stoned youth. I think you have to be a freak to really appreciate this man. The humor is transparent, but the subtext is much more than that. Being a writer, Im both inspired by him and duly forewarned about his familial pitfalls regarding his place in the world as a best selling writer of fiction that largely involves them. Mom doesnt want to her of my affinity for Secretary, a film about self-inflicted violence and sadomasochism (especially as a love story, for petes sake). Tis why she does not and shall not have access to this page.

 Thank god Im home. I was tooling around town, through my old haunts today, just beside myself with a yearning to be before a computer to write. When the compulsion overtakes me, Im as level as a crazy street person with one shoe on, screaming about socialism in a Walmart parking lot. No one knows quite how to handle any of it. And no, I didn't see "her," although I was only a mile from her house at one point. You'd think I'd have a hard time wading through all the married/kept women in SUVs with a cell stuck to their ear. Yet I'd be able to pull her car out of a lineup even after a midgrade stroke. Compulsion reigns. I've had that license plate memorized since I was 16. Anyway... Heeding the voice within, I actually pulled into a 7-11 to buy a pad of paper much like a heroin addict seeks out a warm place to sleep before night falls. When the monkey screams, I give him a cookie and try to think of his clawing on my back as a massage for the masochistic. Jesus H., kidlets. After what would have brought my finances to a stand-still, mom and I continued to shop. Nordstrom was a rare treat for a girl with no job especially since it was one of those trips where the sales woman hands over a handwritten note of appreciation on the back of a business card. Im officially dressed properly for Chris wedding in August. The skirt (laugh, go ahead) Id bought was shit in comparison with moms 1600 suit, so I kept my eyes open for a more tailored approach to the whole outfit question. To self: Go big. Moms paying, and shes trying to get you to not look like a financially strapped lesbian. At least for one day for the pictures shell keep in her head for her entire life to come. Shopping these days is a depressing affair with the extra 30 pounds I carry around with me. But when youre in the Faccionable dept of said store, one's sense of self in the fashion world meets an epiphany of re-evaluative insight. Yes I /will/ try on a top thats a mere 150 after the 40%off sale. And yes, I will talk mom into something that Id actually wear after that day, something more comfortable than what my personality viewed as a gorilla suit. I'm not a sweater-set kind of girl. Anyone want to take me out? Ill look fabulous on your arm, and its widely known that I put out with exuberance and vigor. Just show your credentials as a sexually ambivalent and otherwise unavailable woman (married a plus), and Ill call ahead for reservations. Today, the Earth shook. Just a touch, but it was strangely invigorating nonetheless. If it were an orgasm with someone, I think I would have gone to the bathroom to finish the job. Or had an uninterrupted dialogue with myself all through it about whether I remembered to water the garden before I left the house. Balanced the checkbook. Hardly phased. But exciting, this was! However minor and brief. Even more interesting, or perhaps making it interesting, was the fact that Id just run into my 9th grade biology teacher who was having lunch with a colleague at the same joint as I was having a drink (bien sur) whilst waiting for my car to get its oil changed, etc. Very sciency indeed! I adored this woman as her student. It goes without saying that I was a troublesome jackass back then, but she seemed to put up with it with grace from a place of either former-life empathy or a genuine affection for my uh originality? I don't even know if it's worth addressing more than noting... just yesterday I followed uo with my mom's long-ago mention that Wendy Slijk was in the paper for having done some research in Antartica - followed up and checked it out online. yes, yesterday. The local news was blaring out of two TVs in the next place I wandered into for a more substantive adult beverage and a continued opportunity to wrap my mouth around the new David Sedaris book. No sunamis are forcasted was all I needed to hear to burst out laughing. Having no tv has allowed me to once again see this shit they broadcast as the big bowl of wrong that it is. I mean, Im more paranoid than most. (-cough- TITLE of the f-ing blog, Captain Obvious) but no wonder were so wound up. Id be extra violent too if I thought even Mother Earth was somewhere unseen, filing her nails with a mind full of latent anger that was going to involve hellfire in the morning. (Did I mix metaphors there? Or did I just mix a personification largely viewed as pagan with a biblical reference?) Many sorries for the blunder. Ill flog myself another coupla tonight before I say my prayers. I must atone. No, the madams I hire to dominate me dont count. Being a dirty girl that needs to learn the meaning of respect isnt the same thing. One day, I'll meet my true love/dominatrix, and all will be well on Self Descrution Island. Now, THAT would be a tv show I'd go out of my way to see. (Mind spinning off. Must... engage... in the 1000 yard stare of imagining a life writing for television. "Of course it's funny to you. All you do is sit up here taking 'ludes." paraphrase from Annie Hall

 she's not my mentor, but i do believe she has intelligent things to say once in a while... another excerpt from the london prostitute i have linked in my sidebar. if i could stand fucking men, she may be more than a curiosity. _______________________________________ Last year I was asked to contribute an article to the Labour Tribune on the subject of prostitution. What I thought of the laws as they stand, where I thought they should go, and so on. I won't retype that here. But I did think it needful to mention the proposed changes in legislation, if only in passing. The idea of tolerance zones in cities where street soliciting will not be prosecuted sounds compassionate on its face, but is ultimately misguided and unsafe. Driving vulnerable women out into the light industrial areas on the outskirts of a city is potentially very dangerous to them. By caving to the NIMBY brigade and pressure from homeowners who do not want to see their property vales drop (because that, it seems, is all we care about in the UK in the 21st century - property prices), girls who are already potentially abused in large numbers will be put in a situation where they have less recourse to protection, not more. And not forgetting, street soliciting is only a fraction of the sex business. You probably have already guessed: I think brothels should be legal. I think there should be a chain like Spearmint Rhino for working girls. I think what consenting adults want to do should be their business, and the way to crack down on traffickers, pimps and abusers is not to put the girls out of sight of the public. The suburbanites who imagine moving trade elsewhere will slow the flow of business are wrong. The people who think criminal charges for buying sex will stop the punters are wrong. Those who believe there is any one story of prostitution, that a 16-year-old heroin addict on the street, or a posh hooker writhing on the sheets in Claridge's, is the representative of all working girls and that everyone just needs a little self-esteem workshop and some useful pamphlets on the dangers of drug use, are wrong. If people are indeed being trafficked into the country for sex work, then surely the solution is better passport control - not putting the girls in harm's way. It's the world's oldest profession. It won't go away. But we can be sensible about the approaches to managing it, instead of consigning girls to a makeshift flesh zoo. A few thoughts. Nothing like a cohesive statement. I'm not certain 'spokeswoman' suits me. // posted by belle @ 10:26 AM Belle de Jour (http://belledejour-uk.blogspot.com/)

 My Credibility as a Writer ah, the drink and smoke have released me from the ill-feeling i thought i wouldn't be able to escape tonight. yet, i knew my work wasn't over for the day... so i monitored intake levels to provide an opportunity to make accessible my best lit analysis of a non-lit class novel in case i'm asked to provide urlLink lauradiaz.doc samples of my work. this is the paper that my cute teacher, kristen, gave me an A+ for. my only A+ in recent memory. and since i lost the file to a meltdown, i transcribed it today. and asked her for permission to list her as a reference. happy reading, you thieving students who plagerize the work of others.

 Between feeling like I have a sunburn and getting dizzy whenever I turn my head, Im not feeling all that terrific today. Or the past few days. Serves me right for eating burritos; I always catch whatever the cook is fighting off. Ugh, enough already. Oh, I know whats wrong. Im coming down off of one of my five meds. I ran out; they refused to renew my script without seeing a doc. Earliest appointment, of course, isnt until the first week of July. So Im pulling a cold turkey maneuver with a drug that comes in a rather sizable bottle with stickers all over it warning of such drastic changes to their intake. No wonder I feel muted and vaguely ill. Yet I had another incredibly productive day. Spent two hours crafting my cover letter for the publishing job. I didnt realize until now that I needed one. How do you find these things out ahead of time? My resume looks much better too however devoid of experience. All Im really doing is proving that Ive worked for long spells at all my jobs. No references included yet either. I heard these things are asked for later on. Like a writing sample. That I also worked to prepare today. I went through my best papers with another pass with a red pen. Papers I earned As on but still could use some tweeking. That fabulous paper on Years of Laura Diaz only exists in hard copy. So my next task today is to transcribe it back into a document. Yes, I save everything. But no, I dont backup, and when the puter crashed way back when, I lost a lot. Today, I also finished another paper to rectify my incompletes. I now only have one paper and one exam to take before Im finished with CSUSM. Im not even going to think about either until tomorrow. Ive done enough today. My ankle is swollen and angry just from sitting here The damned cat still wont eat even the super expensive food that he used to wolf down. I think hes on his way out. He is, after all, nine years old. Id feel bad about it, but it seems like he deserves the break. He doesnt keep himself looking good anymore either. His hair has cowlicks all over his bony body. I try to comfort him, but he still has the energy to run off. I know how he feels.

 M'kay. Sure, I spent too much today. But thats because me and bryan went to a great new spot. Something to annul my complaints about San Marcos Restaurant Row as being like Dennys with better liquor. We went to Friars Folly. Yes, I know there should be an apostrophe. I told the waiter immediately. Yes, an editor at heart, I am. I want to strangle whoever started Starbucks and flailed there. I cant stand to see my language so carelessly applied. Its one thing to bunt foul a word in spoken conversation. But when its a businesses bloody name youll be the first to die when the apocalypse comes. Weird talking to Bryan about drugs. Meaning, my past has left me such a credible source for real answers about it all - I sometimes forget. He was saying how hed be interested in trying E. Maybe. Maybe just an exercise in conversation I think that was about 99% of it; hed never stoop to narcotics. However I still might. Something about drugs makes me still wet myself when I think about certain things. Not the memories of pulling out my hair or anything, the talking to myself and unable to see anything after being up for more than 24 hours. Its the memories of lying on a carpet naked, listening to soft music like Van Morrison, and professing my affinity for lush grass under a bare foot. And then going outside in the middle of the night and having a near orgasm feeling the earth between my toes. Hell, drugs ruined me. Im still trying to come back from all of that. The brain cells killed isnt the half of it; its the lifestyle and the limited expectations it yields that Im still trapped by. Learning to not have a future.

 Paper Angst It may be more difficult to take an existing paper to reshape into a new focus than it is to just start from scratch. Thats what Im deducing from this afternoons labors at the computer. Ive taken my first Woolf paper on madness and tried to write a paper for another class using Foucaults Madness and Civilization , a text we studied. Since I already citing him in my first paper, it made logical sense. And when I went ahead with my first thesis, addressing gender and melancholia in Hamlet, I realized that I didnt necessarily want to revisit that entire play in order to frame a proper argument. So I went the easy way out; a way thats proving to have its own pitfalls. Mainly with structure. It meanders because much of what Im working with is directed towards Woolf and Septimus Smith ( M.Dalloway ). Im feeling a bit lazy about going back through the 8 pages I have now to reorder evidence and cinch up redundancies without being so concise that I lose the depth I need. Then again, this is the second-to-last paper Ill ever need to write as an undergraduate. And I love writing papers. Why the laziness? I think it best to leave what Ive done today for another time and not just print it out and toss it under Prof Yuans door down the road. I need a decent grade, and with all my absences Im shooting for a C in a class that I could have earned an A without effort under different circumstances. Each day in class that I was there, I turned to Gina behind me to exchange the usual comment of, God, I hate this class. You and me both, Charlotte. I would rather take a beating. Too, too boring for words. Id be so surprised if anyone in the history of Yuans 460 class ever read all the texts. Said is interesting, so is Foucault. But 600 pages of Post Colonial Discourse ? Send me the highlighted version.

 I like my Sundays. Its silent out here without the construction noise that ruins the peace and quiet the other six days of the week. I get so much more done. Cranked up Car Talk to be heard over the dish washer, noise that I find pleasure in. Then the vacuum outshined everything - just a whirr of sound pureed together. Noise is fine when Im doing something, when I have something to show for it when it shuts off. But when I choose to sit still, Id like to pretend that the world is with me on it. My summer Sundays call out for lounge chairs and fiction. Kyle, Amys ex-boyfriend, is in town and called me while I was at graduation yesterday. I didnt answer, knowing the howl of the bagpipes would make a conversation impossible. Hes in town for a couple of days, so I gather from the message he left. It would be lovely to recreate our kayaking adventure in Barbados. But I dont think even setting foot in sand would be wise. Uneven ground, water, and the sand itself all bad ideas. A burrito together? Always a good idea. Bryrox can wait. His propensity for flaking isnt impressing me. If I didnt know better, Id say hes the same guy he was whilst doing all those naughty substances and illegal activities. Maybe theres a reason hes acting like a junky maybe I dont need to find out much more than what my suspicions caution me against.

 Vodka and cigarettes in the freezer, help yourself. A little spent on the Cuban jazz and moved on up the dial a tick to some random reggae/hip-hop crap on special for the weekend. Lyrical repetitions enough to be able to follow even if youre tripping, the reggae. Then again, the repetition of certain songs can make time stand still to someone not on the planet. Trust me a skipping CD equals a potent variety of dj vu when such a chemical is about one. Its silly and it sucks to anyone with a brain, stoned or otherwise. My feet are burning from the inside out, so I decided to put a lid on the paint cans for the day. Im about an hour from finishing the master bath same color as the guest bath. Ill let kyle paint his as he likes. I had grand designs about starting to paint my bedroom. I even bought a gallon of something tasty, this yummy moonlit yellow. I may put it in the living room. Alls I really want is one wall done. Of course, all of them I want paint on are the walls where anything and everything I own thats heavy is stacked up against. The stark white walls worked when the place was in its infancy. Now, it just looks sterile and stoic, refusing the warmth I want to live in. Paint is boring to read about, I know. But then, you havent seen my moms friends house. She has this condo in Linda Vista that she recently redid, top to bottom. Still not interesting, but she invited us all over to come check it out. And Ill be damned if one wall was the most incredible shade of red Id ever seen. I looked at her immediately, my mouth open but still. Me: That color, Gail! Its amazing! Gail: Its pretty incredible, isnt it? Me: Theres like something so (gesturing from my chest, lowering to my viscera) Gail: Sexual? Me: Oh my god, exactly. Its this rich, sexy brick red that honestly gave me a hard on when I looked at it. No one else understood what we were talking about besides she and me (ugh, the chill in the crowds knickers), but let me tell you; Its not like me to ask about someones home dcor. This paint is /so/ going on my walls in the downstairs. Even if I do have to chuck all the furniture thats there so far to make it work out somehow. I need to find out what it is.

 Are any of you interested in reading my uncle's on-going travelogue from Zimbabwe? If so, email/comment, and I'll ask for permission to publish it on a new site... Painting. Listening to my local Cuban Jazz radio station. I dare you to top that.

 A 'nutta good bit that I wanna share. For those of you like me who are fans of urlLink Margaret CHO , you'll get a kick out of urlLink this radio interview . Apparently, she has a new movie out. Bryan?! Oh, it's on. But I won't make you go to OUTFEST LA to see it.

 This weeks edition of urlLink This American Life is wonderful. Ive got it going upstairs and down while cleaning and rearranging my house. A couple of new kitchen acquisitions inspired me to get going with knife sharpening, resetting my dining room table, finishing up on my sterilization of Kyles room. The carpet looks brilliant, the catbox is now out of there. I just need his help to move the tiny sewing desk from my mothers youth. The pan Im an opinionated kitchen lover. urlLink /">Wonderfully cared for knives (a necessary read for anyone with a kitchen), an arsenal of cast iron, and stainless saut pans! Lord, I hate Teflon about as much as I hate microwaves. Neither shall have a place in my kitchen again. The little guy I bought today was a steel (haha) at only 18 bucks. True, its not the urlLink copper line of Mauviel cookware that Ill one day own (but I do have urlLink the braiser ). But isnt it stunning?! Sniff, sniff Im so proud!! The entire set is urlLink here . I'd almost submit to marrying a man for the bridal registry if, 1: I could feign a headache to avoid monseir trouser snake, and 2: If I get these out of the arrangement. (and 3: If I'd ever be able to look any of you in the eye again after that - i sold my soul for kitchenware!) The session today was a profitable one for me. Id be a big ol liar if I didnt talk of Claudia in brief at some point. To which she asked: She: So you know of course that you were molested by this woman. Me: Yeah, technically. Well be talking about this. She: Id like to find her and smack her around. Me: You and a lot of people who know me. Im not encouraged so much as Im relieved. Shes not even close to my type (and yes, shes over 30). And she listened to me without lowering herself to the lingo of psychotherapy as portrayed on Dr. Phil. Two credits for use towards next game. My feet require shoes to stand up, so I think Ill be on my butt for a while. The ankle still refuses to have a shoe on it. Yet, I (squinting) Im going to start on the paint in my master bath. Right NOW.

 Drum-Roll No blog yesterday, I know. I took a break, headed to the coast, and did a bit of bar hoping with some books in hand after doing some long overdue shopping. I just wanted out of the house for the whole day alone. A new lodge cast iron skillet to replace my Teflon omelet pan that gave out under the extreme heat the other night. And a pretty stainless spatula for cheap at Kitchen Collection in Carlsbad. Even found a couple pairs of nice pants for nearly nothing at another mall after much deliberation as to whether its wise to spend money to clothe a body thats soon to change shape once again. But hell, it's hard to revise my lifestyle when I can't wear more than a couple of pairs of icky man-shorts. After the money spending slowed, I got a call on my mobile from the new therapists office asking me if I wanted to come in tomorrow instead of having to wait another week. So thats where Im off to in an hour or so. Im pretty sure I need to sit still in private to prepare myself before I go in. this is a loaded situation for me, going back in to see someone new. At least I wont be pushed off to someone else; its the only therapy my insurance pays for, and they know it. Whether I get this woman to cry in my first hour is still to be determined. At least Im feeling better today. I got on the recumbent bike for 20 this morning, did a quick ten push-ups and 25 sit-ups. A very, very gentle workout being mindful of the time that has lapsed between pre-injury and the present. And again, Im trying to be good to myself already. ( Ive been really inwardly mean lately ) Like paying down my debts. Today I was able to pay back my brother as well as the entire balance on my low-limit credit card. And my cell phone. And the water and electric bills. This alone is reason for celebration. An already-paid-for cuppa tea is right on the money. Somehow I know Ill have more to say after the upcoming session.

 A little late-night KCRW Metropolis to go with a late shower. Had to wipe clean the ick that permeated the day, first with the cat, then with the nausea that has only just now lifted from me. Maybe it was the bag of cherries and the hot water that released its hold. And donning the new urlLink Faonnable shirt that Ive been saving for a rainy day. If I could afford 125 shirts, they'd all be Faonnable. Eating cold leftovers from a lunch with Bryan. I could have just gone straight home after putting Jingo down, but I opted instead to be among friends and out in the world. We found this horrible hole of a restaurant called urlLink KoKo Beach that suited me nicely. Waitress: Hi. Where would you like to sit? Bryan: Somewhere dark. Oh, thats everywhere. Jackass. Nothing like surrounding yourself in depression to off-set your own. Old men at the bar watching poker on ESPN, commenting openly about the moves made. Who the fuck knows what Ill be like when Im old, but Im kind of hoping it doesnt involve wasting away in a dark, dive bar on a beautiful, sunny summer day. I could hardly eat. Struggled to drain my glass of beer. I finished crying on the way over, letting out some of those deep primal howls that characterize a good moment of mourning. I should have been ravenous. Then again, the food was exactly what youd expect from a place that has a shower curtain separating the shitter from the rest of the ladies loo. We took a walk around downtown Carlsbad, stopping off in an indie record shop where the smell of incense knocked us in back a step upon entering. I picked up a CD for Elizabeth and wandered around like a heroin kid, sullen and stunted. Funny the way heavy emotions mirror chemical sedation. It was good to get out. Browsing the farmers market for fruits and veg, we grabbed some fresh oysters and some urlLink moringa tea . The tea was a good idea; the oysters were not. What I was thinking when I decided on them, I dont exactly know. Feeling sickened with grief and a hangover does not set the stage for eating raw shellfish the size of my own tongue. I skipped dinner with Bryan and headed home. Cranked up the stereo in the car and sat out the traffic in my own private universe. Came home to watch (again) urlLink Out of Order and fuck myself into a better mood. Between the 45 minute orgasm and the eye candy of Justine Bateman and Kim Dickens on that show, I think Im feeling a bit better at this hour. Want to go for a run, go dancing, find a stranger and invite her into my bed for the night. Or maybe just sleep. One hell of a day, and Ive tuckered my little self out.

 The cat's dead. He started puking up bile all over the carpet downstairs after moaning a bit as a precursor. So I loaded him up and took him to the animal shelter where I had him put down. Not a very cheery day for me, I'm afraid. Sorry, buddy.

 So as were leaving that fine establishment tonight, me and Lizard Breath I couldnt have scripted a better ending if I was writing the screenplay. Ok, so you all know I live in a bastion of suburban bad taste. But this exceeded all horrible expectations. Were walking out of that fine establishment to get the fuck out of there (bikers showin up like flies to shit), and the most appetite-ruining image came waddling down the sidewalk. When did icky whores move in? oh my god, if her breasts werent 40 pounds a piece. That just isnt right. Her knees may be bruised from the pressure of kicking those up at each step, from keeping the whole body swaying she sure was dishing out some vocal complaints about something. The ICK factor was such that neither me nor Elizabeth could retain the mantra in our little brains. Im too tanked to get into detail. My fragile constitution tells me not to try.

 I cant stop staring at this shifting-color mushroom. Maybe its because it never holds my favorite color, that electric red, the way it stalls on blues and greens. Red blood, sex, pain, authority, communism yes, Id be hard-pressed to rationalize that away to a McCarthy panel. S&M reeks of communism. To idiots. (Bryan Ferry Dont Stop the Dance ) yes, another y Bryan. Its nice knowing that my two best friends who remain local are the same age as Elizabeth. Maybe happy that Ive some added cred with my cousin that Im not the regular asshole from my generation who cant connect with the rest of the world. It so matters to me that she sees me as something other than a part of an isolated island of idiots. The only friends I have my age are my bestest, Amy, and my LTWR girls who I almost pulled a borderline personality meltdown on this past week. Both who want/ed to murder me in the last few days. Buck up, kids. I cried like you wouldnt believe at the thought that Ive even offended you all. I give a shit. Im just a shitty friend if you dont already understand where Im coming from on a range of situations. I heard from my last real therapist this week. Who emailed me more links to understanding what borderline personality disorder is all about. I know, I know it fits to the point of it making me horribly uncomfortable to read about myself (always a good indicator that its ringing true). How many times can I apologize for being a DSM category unto my own? I want to go back to see her. Troubles me that shes cute as hell I cant say that my respect for her has nothing to do with how she looks. And thats troublesome. Isnt my biggest problem the way I sexualize people when its inappropriate to do that to? My cousin? Ok, shut up. Were related but yes, shes incredibly cute. I cant afford to go back to see her, Natalie. But Id like to because she gets my shit. But shes beautiful, and thats so problematic, it makes me tear up to know that itll push my buttons in time. Im always afraid that Ill break down that wall of appropriateness. Even as the fat fuck I see myself to be these days. No offense to big folks its just an excuse to hate myself. (The Cure - Lovecats )

 The Clash Straight to Hell, Ghetto Defendant, Inoculated City So, were shooting the shit, me and Elizabeth. Does she know she shares a name with my favorite lesbian vampire from history, Elizabeth Bathory? And she consults her PDA to prove a point I was slow to get at first mention. Turns out, my brothers wedding in August is on Hiroshima Day . Yes, the annual jubilee where we Americans celebrate that day in 194-whatever when our wonderful military dropped the first nuclear weapon on a foreign enemy and wiped out an entire city. Hes marrying a Japanese woman. Parents from the motherland. Er, uh the fazaland . Her folks, children that were born out of that nightmare of Japanese history. On the fucking day that we effectively wiped out her parents parents. No wonder the Japanese FRIENDSHIP gardens in Balboa Park was open for a wedding that day. Um, its the Bad Taste Playhouse ! Starring, MY FAMILY! No wonder her father is an unhappy man. His only baby girl is marrying a blond boy.

 What a kick in the pants that was! For the first time ever in my little life, I went out and spent time with my cousin, Elizabeth, just the two of us. Wed been getting more connected with the help of my blog and the advent of IM, but Id never gotten a chance to just hang out with her. Why she lives so far from me, I wont be able to come to terms with tonight. I wont be that outwardly greedy. I took her to my place to show her where I live, to put a reality to the pictures posted online. Then out to Churchills for a few pints and some fun chatting. Ive spoken at length about my super cool aunt and uncle, Pete and Paula. Well, this is their only child. Not a surprise that she too is beyond cool. Elizabeth you rule! I cant wait to play with you at the wedding next month. What the fuck is Vinnie talking about? Your family is way fun! Shee-it. Me thinks I should be offended. I just activated the urlLink glowing mushroom . I have a couple more stories to get to in the next hour I need it to keep me going.

 Upsetting people left and right. Moms frustrated with me for having taken the cat in to the vet and spending money on it. No, first shes mad at me for having pets and no money to pay for it. Now shes giving me that sing-song routine about being too soft in the face of a lost cause. Thinks the vet is just trying to milk money out of me. Yes, folks. In case you think Im an insensitive brute, this is the tree I fell from. And Amy. I suppose it didnt occur to me that I would render her speechless for having OKed Kyle, her ex, to move in here. Theyre on good terms, yes. But Ive complicated things. What I really wanted was for her to move in, but I live too far from the beach. Ugh. Maybe moms right. In trying to be good, Ive blinded myself to the reality that theres nothing that can be done to save him. Im not going to put the cat on dialysis when hes old and suffering from years of neglect. Time to pay for my bad choices.

 a musical note: The new PJ Harvey album is way great. Especially the song called "The Letter" that talks about writing as a metaphor for fucking. Or at least, that's what I thought it was about before I read the song title from the liner notes. She picks up where Patti Smith left off. Patti plus the heroin of today. And Bjork is said to be taking a haitus to record a new album. Her new song "It's in our Hands" is breathtaking... something that has been putting goosebumps all over me for a week now. When she starts touring, me and Bryan are scheduled to put down some serious money on front row tickies. Anyone want to join? And yes, I'll have a small sign that will ask her to marry me. In Icelandic, bien sur.

 I hope this doesn't offend Amy... Ill soon have a roommate. Yes, it took me 9 months to find one, but as of today its finalized. Kyle is moving into the second bedroom on the first of the month. Hes a gentle boy who Ive had lots of fun in the past spending time with. Amy and he used to date, and I spent the week in Barbados playing around with him while Amy was at work. Im thrilled. To not live alone anymore. To have a healthy ally in the house with me. And to my hetero girlfriends: hes stunning. Ill be throwing a party in his honor soon after he moves in. Back to the cleaning. One, to be able to show the place off to my super cool cuz, Elizabeth. And too, so the place is welcoming to a new recruit.

 My ailing KitKat Oh, the money I have spent and not regretting a penny. I took Jingo to the vet tonight, not able to watch him just waste away in pain. Turns out his old owner was a dick and lied about him being in good health. The vet wonders if/when he has ever been to the vet. His teeth are so bad, the toxins have been overwhelming his system and sending his kidneys into shut-down mode. Hes feeling better tonight after various injections and a rehydration procedure that requires me to bring him back in every day this week. Until I can scrounge up some more money (after 300!) to get him a blood test to see if this is even going to work. I emailed the sonofabitch to ask him to help. Without him, I dont know that Ill be able to do a whole lot more. Then again, this could really help out. If he responds well, I may just shine all my bills and do whats required. What a cool vet. She brod me a lot today, giving me some . Shit! I forgot the drops! Well, Ill be back tomorrow. Medical food for kidney problems hes eating. Fuck. The poor little bastard. The whole team stayed late to treat him. And I hereby vow that when I have the money, Ill donate 100 to the cause. Either just cut them a check for their generosity of spirit or do something really cool to help them out. Fucking Thundercat is hissing at Jingo. Ive wholloped him a couple of times already. Maybe he smells like a foreign cat. Ill ask tomorrow about that. (ok, the abuse seemed to work. he's back up on the bed licking the wounded one.)

 NPR's Talk of the Nation was talking about us today!!! A story about blogging. The writers and the readers. urlLink Check it out .

 Why is it that when someone else fucks up, I do whatever I can to take the blame? Im irritated with myself this morning. I pulled one of those again, and theres no point in explaining it to either you or the people involved. Had I just said this is fucked instead of its ok from the beginning, the first time, I could have avoided a lot of the discomfort of stored emotions. Note to self: blogging about something doesnt count for dealing with it. Now, for a picture of the man-child. Something not fucked. I had a blast with him this weekend.

 this made me split my sides a couple of hours ago. now it hasn't a touch of humor to it anywhere. happy fathers' day! i can't take where i am tonight. nothing in here or out there will help it, and the movement alone reinforces that there's no escape.

 Home. 50+ sneezes. Upsetting email and response back. Self-loathing meter = red lining. Medication level dwindling = feelings of a mild-grade flu for two weeks and counting. Nose blowing would feel better if I could break my sinus cavity with my hands. Guilt for leaving a dying cat home alone for two days. Want to take everything thats fucked, line it up, and shoot a bullet through it. Bad to irreparably so. Therapy on the horizon. Weeks away still, but its there already. Knowing what that will bring. Exhuming graves and inviting my findings to dinner. And coming to the same old conclusions as before; theyre not going to find a better burial as the ones I gave years ago. Its not good for me to see the decay. The measure of time and the mirrored rot in my own soul. Therapy = Insult added to injury. Im going to get yet another professional in front of me whos either going to start crying because she cant help me and dont know how to handle it or theyre going to sit there like a spot on the carpet, their ineptitude apparent to all, calling for eradication, yet not addressing it. And Im going to spend a whole lot more time in that space The space so dark, I dont want to talk about it. Not tonight. I have to be presentable tomorrow. Ive a lifetime ahead of me of this sort of aporia. Misery and a flushing toilet on my spirit meets the community who claims to be of help. Who I end up making cry. Or brushing me off to experts who also start to cry. Thankfully, beer tastes like help tonight.

 Fuck it... urlLink here's my work as it comes out. I can always edit later. For now, I'm like a recreational drug addict - revelling in the revisitation of feelings long since real. This'll really ruin it for you; the posts will be grossly out-of-order. Mmmm... Justine Bateman, Felicity Huffman and Kim Dickens in Out of Order .... soorey. The bed's too big these days. Hyper-Ballad - Bjork

 Thanks for the kind words and listening, I'm glad you're enjoying it. Having feedback like yours is what makes it so much fun to do. Regards, Bob Yay, email! This guy rules.

 Another fabulous show on KSBR 88.5fm, Bobs A Whole Nuther Thing . I just had to email him again (Ive done it once before) to thank him for such a great program. Bands and artists we love, songs that the shit stations never play anymore or ever. Having been born in the late 70s, I missed so much of this the first time around. Something sensually satisfying to listen to Van Morrison and Dire Straits on a late summer afternoon. Sadly, my favorite: urlLink Your Latest Trick was skipped. But then, I'll be sure to go fucking find it to make the day complete for meself. I got some sunshine, showered it off, and now Im indulging in the glow of latent radiation. And doing what I can to stretch out a back that made it take 20 minutes to make it off the lawn chair and inside after lying on my stomach (yes, with a pillow under my hips to keep the thing from bending back). How I can be sore from lying prostrate? In a month, it will have been two years since my surgery. Thats how. It's not supposed to be better yet. Still gives me the willies to think of what Ive got implanted into my body. Talking with Andrea made me feel a bit better about Mani/Ritchie. I know this: he did it in a hotel room. hed just finished school this term, was at my graduation, and there he earned his second masters degree. his divorce was just finalized. I like knowing the whys. I like being able to fit all the pieces into my head at once to feel the whole picture he was seeing before he did it. Like my uncle. Drinking, losing his fiance, his military past and the wounds from that that he couldnt heal, his fathers wrath. Unlike my parents, Im not mad at Cliff. That level of despair is nothing to be selfishly angry about. Cliff killed himself on Christmas Eve with a shotgun to his face in the basement of his aging parents home. That sucks, my man. I cant imagine the anger he must have been feeling to shove it in their faces like that. Ill never forget being 16, in between hospitalizations for my own suicidal ideation, and playing that answering machine message when I came home one day to an empty house. My grandparents struggling to break the news. On the fucking answering machine. How alone they must have felt. How pained. They buried a child, a daughter, in the 40s, and they still cant talk about it. I dont even know her name. Then my having to call my parents. That was a scary day for me. Because I get it. I know that pain way, way too well. And it remains scary - since, statistically, people are more likely to commit suicide if theyve a family history of it. Theyre just angry, my folks. Of course, I know them better than to deduce thats as far as the feelings go. I was glad for my dad that he was alone with my mom to grieve about that. Poor man. Whew! No crying on a Saturday! Ill put this up already and stop depressing myself. Really, its terribly sad. The whole affair of living on this earth. But shit, Ive felt the other extremes. Bless them both both men and both extremes of being. That pain and the rapture. Im a hedonist for a reason. Elation is what I live for. The agony is what we all live with in the interim. KSBR: Way of the World, After the Love is Gone Earth, Wind and Fire Golden Lady, Mary Wants to Be a Super-Woman - Stevie Wonder

 I got a small bit of interest in reading some of the Italy novel. However, I've decided that I'm going to need to keep the site private to prevent theft, public judgement, etc. So if you're interested, again, let me know, and I'll send you the address. I'm only comfortable posting what I've got relatively pieced together (not much so far) that still has lots of plot holes (plot holes! call the mayor!) in terms of the trip over. Well, I've only spent a handful of hours on it, of what's linear in time. I'm saving the best bits for when I get there (i.e., New Year's with Anna and that delicious moment when the two of us nearly kissed each other under exploding fireworks). So, tell me who you are, and I'll mail you the link. Watching the mating habits of small jumping spiders in the yard. Dancing males, kicking their feet up in back to make their backs stand up like showing off the hydrolics on their aging/restored caddy. And the seemingly disintrested females, just sittin' there, probably laughing. I was! Nice to be out in the sun, tanning the fat, and being happy that it wasn't me who ended their life this week. Lunch with Andrea to talk about it. She lived with him. Fuck, suicides by queers are traumatizing to hear about. I've tucked some emergency kleenex into my boardshorts pocket.

 a queer friend from school killed himself. there's a ceremony for his ashes today. i don't have anything else to say about this, sorry.

 I'm finally getting somewheres with my Italy novel undertaking. What a joy, what a time-consuming chore. Anyone interested in reading the first few pages? Of course, this is all very preliminary in structure. All sorts of freedom to flesh things out once I get some advice on how to actually write creatively. I've never tried writing more than self-indulgent erotic short stories. I've never taken a creative writing class. I've written bits of screenplays before. But nothing like this. Maybe one day I'll be working with Harcourt after all... from the other side. I found out tonight that there's a lesbian writers group that meets once a month at the Center in Hillcrest. I think I'll go. And ask Lindsey if she has been there, being the one who told me about it through a group mailing.

 Dance card full? Well, mine isnt. Bodily harm be damned; Id do anything to be taken out to a queer club tonight. Get sweaty on the dance floor with some fabulous lesbian company. Or even go shoot some stick at the Flame. Im itching for a night out one that involves sober release for once. Metropolis on KCRW tuning in properly tonight on my stereo in the house. Thoughts of calling Kyle up north and meeting up with him and his pals. I know the station would come in up there and these fabulous remixes of everything from Bjork to Stereolab. Itd make LA traffic on a holiday weekend endurable. Hell, who am I kidding? My ankle is in protest. The wearing of shoes is my weeks milestone. I just feel so in my skin tonight. I want to use it. Id even consider going out for a run tonight if it wasnt for the expected relapse. Looks like I'll be hanging out here for the night after all. I have to wash my entire bed again, now don't I? Oh, and he puked on my carpet again last night. I got up and threw him in the shower before he got more than one load on the floor. Fuck... I hurt my back just making my bed. I think I tweeked it again just now taking it apart. FUCK !! I'm working out anyway. FUCKFUCKFUCK!

 Ah a Larry David fix on NPR today. Fresh Air interviewed Curb s producer and then reran an interview between Terry and Larry from back in 1992. Makes me want to dig up a copy of Prognosis Negative . I like the critical summary that calls Curb , "a comedy of hostility, resentment, paranoia and obsessiveness." And curses to tivo!! I just realized through the interview that I missed the ending of the last season's finale! The whole conversation between Anne Bancroft and Mel Brooks, I missed. Anyone know of a good place to buy costumes?

 Neko Case - You Belong to Me (live) Since so many of us are up on the news of the latest on Saturn pictures and geeky NASA TV, I thought Id provide you with another link to accompany your curiosity. urlLink This is a picture of a before-sunrise photo that was taken in Nevada. Apparently, there are clouds that exist in the 50mi-above-Earth range that pick up the light far before the roosters crow. Nothing exciting to tell aside from an interview. I secured one with Enterprise; its more of a management seminar than a job in the short term. But it pays a decent entry wage, and Ill be in the system to move up and out of here in time. They operate in Europe and Canada dont mind if I disappear in a couple of years. That is, if I get hired. Wednesday is my interview. To get one so quickly (24 hours after I applied) only signals to me that Im in good standing to be asked on board. No, not on the Starship Enterprise . Its the car rental corporation. The last time I rented from them, I asked around to some of the employees about how they like their jobs. Surprisingly, I got a very candid response from one guy who was driving me home after I returned my vehicle. All good things, really. And if HE got in... No, theres no prestige involved. But it is a job. And Ill actually get to learn something about running a business. And finally have employment where I can rise to the top if I do well (by performance, not seniority). Not the terminal cases that were Trader Joes and the like.

 I don't know about that cat. I've had Kyle's door closed all day. Left ajar after I vacuumed it an hour ago, I walked up the stairs and looked in. My cat. Near the wall... staring at me. So I approached to pick him up, explaining how he's not allowed in here anymore. His tail shook as I spoke to him. That is, it shook because he was mid-pee. Pissed all over the carpet and up the wall. Don't worry. I didn't drown him. He's spending quality time in Guantanamo until I calm down. By the way, he shit in my stairwell yesterday. He pissed in my living room the day before. I woke today to his vomit on just-cleaned carpet in Kyle's room, his shitting in Kyle's bathtub, and his urine on the bathroom rug. I'm not cut out for old cat ownership. Anyone? Please? I'll send you a stipend for the cleaners if you'll only let it happen in someone else's environ.

 Not because there's a good reason for the post. I just wanted to put this up for the pure pleasure it brought me. Fuck heads, my government's current administration. Yes, those of you who have been troubled by my "patriotism" in the past. It's all too horrible to realize I was a part of it. PJ Harvey - Horses in My Dreams

 Neko Case - Tightly Painting is hard work. Im taking a break again after finishing, more or less, with the master bathroom. The cramps in my hands aside, its a fun little hobby to play around with color. Something mindless to do while listening to music/NPR and thinking about other things. Like my appointment today with Janice, the new therapist. Our second session and already Im glad I got back into the mix. Its not always pleasant to delve into things, but to have someone listen to me without the complications of maintaining a tangential relationship is a valued asset. We spoke of that, how its difficult to have a friendship with someone who once held a different position. Roles get confused, reemerging memories complicate the picture (vis--vis Leslie). Ive come to no conclusions except to keep it in mind. No action taken. Trying not to behave as rashly or with the same knee-jerk responses that dont honor the nuances. I wore shoes to the appointment. Sounds like a mundane foot note, I know, but this was the first time since my ankle surgery. Yes, its still injured and hurts like mad right now. But it was my other one that began collapsing on me today, causing me to stand still with all my weight on the scarred one. I just wait it out when that happens. The procedure common when we hammer our thumb or something, and we count to three before the pain hits. Its just pain; it floats off (unless it's my back - then it's constant - like now). Between the painting, the house maintenance, and the workouts, my body is feeling the pressure. Headaches all the way down to my broken toes. This meaty frame has such a history of violence. Ive written off pain killers for the time being that aren't alcoholic , so Ill just have to readjust to the added locus of my ankle. Ok, so this is troubling: Janice speaks of wanting to beat her up or smack her several times when I talk of Claudia. First of all, Claudias ripped a la GI Jane. She can do one-armed push-ups, Im certain. It's terribly sexy. Shed break your neck, honey. And two, its not anger that I need to harness to get over that experience. I understand what shes trying to insinuate, that anger is appropriate. But come now, shouldnt the pain be more of the primary focus? Mine as well as hers. Maybe not hers , ok. My empathy for Claudia is not where the work lies. But I think I will have to ask her to stop saying to me, But youre a big girl now. Give me a fucking break, lady. Im 26, not 12. Its diminishing to my person to be spoken to like a child. Well, its disrespectful. What part of my experiences signals to her that shes to speak to me like that? Im sure itll stop with a quick mentioning of my offence. Maybe she thinks it's cute? Best be off to do the final cleaning before Kyles arrival tomorrow. Yay, a roommate!

 By the way, I wanna go to see Neko in mid July at the Fillmore. Who's with me? From SD, it's only 145 bucks RT with taxes to fly. And I found a hotel for two for $90 a night. I'd save up for it... but the Q is... will anyone else?

 I really recommend it, folks. Just saw urlLink Fahrenheit 9/11 with Bryan at my local googaplex. True, I realize that even documentary is fiction to a large extent. But this cast a bright light on issues and connections within the Bush administration that should at least be talked about. The Saudi/Halliburton/Enron/Unocal/Karzai/Bin Laden Family links to the Bush family and his administration are hard to refute. Their seamless connection to policy isnt as plain as it was portrayed to be in the film, sure. But still, kidlets. Lets get the dialogue back on line here. Weve got a four year commitment to make this upcoming November. Personally, Ive been appalled with myself for quite a time now for having voted for him (and supported him!) back in 2000. Im motivated to sell my soul to politics after what I just saw. I need to do two things still today: take a nap (Ive been up for far too many hours now), and keep working on the Italy book. If my voice shows up.

 Hi all. I had my system down for most of yesterday in order to paint my bedroom a bit. A near flawless job, I tell you. I painted my ancient dresser the same, positioned on an adjacent wall. Mum will be proud. And as you might expect, I found myself on the floor by early evening in tears because of a back that acted up accordingly. Sure, it was worth it; a beautiful warm butter color on the big window wall makes the whole scene seem more alive. Then again, Ive been up since 3:30am this morning unable to go back to sleep after a nightmare of being shuffled from the ER to a Readicare facility to have another spinal fusion. Back surgery has taken the place of the boogieman in my dreams. Its 7am now, and Ive already heard the NPR recycling of stories. Seahorses, Saddams planned turn over to Iraqi prosecution, another soldier losing his head and the news that so angered me yesterday when it was announced: the 16 year-old girl who was gang raped on tape, the case that ended in a mistrial. How anyone could believe that someone was consenting, conscious and just pretending to be drugged while being assaulted with a pool cue and lit cigarettes is so beyond reason, Im inspired to find these jurors and explain the absurdity to them with my own lit cigarette. See if they can pretend to be unconscious whilst I probe them in their nether region with an incendiary. One of the young men on trial is the son of a police chief. Oh, that explains it.

 I need help. Apparently, I havent yet learned the art of making plans with someone. Granted, my abilities function nicely in the dealings with my usual friends. Yet with folks not in my inner circle, I dont seem to have a proper grasp on how to do it. The thing with Leslie was a misunderstanding; shes fine. I let her pick the day, the time, and the place. I agreed, and then I asked for directions. She threw out a time and I showed up. What I didnt do was confirm again that Id be there. 8:30? at the end of the dialogue sounded to me more of a statement. Early was all she could do, and god knows that everything before noon requires that I arrange my night before around such a target of time. So I fucked myself by not being clear enough. I ruined my own stupid day. This reminds me of what Elizabeth and I were talking about in terms of phone conversation etiquette, the way you end a call. Were more of the talk to you then (click) crowd whereas others who spend five minutes wrapping everything up seem to us unnecessary. Like, we got it. A summary in closing is awkward. It would make sense if one of us was drunk, half asleep, or otherwise struggling to pay attention to the call as the exchange happened. Pedantic revision isnt a natural behavior for me. I should have just called her. Dug up her phone number and called the day before to make sure we were still on. Im either one presumptuous son-of-a-bitch, or Im doing this to myself as punishment.

 Im not surprised, but I think I would like to be. Luis has his goddamned phone turned off as usual, even though I told him yesterday exactly when I would call him. This, after I asked him yesterday be sure to turn his phone on. Hell call, then keep the thing turned off so that Ive no way to call him back to get a hold of him. That was the routine we went through again just yesterday. Maybe I dont want to remain friends with him after all. Why is it so hard to turn on your phone, Luis? It sure as shit feels like I matter about as much as an insect. Ive given myself quite a headache today. Worst one I can remember having, actually. Maybe I will go back to bed. You win, everyone! Leslie... this sucks. And Luis, you owe me a night of drinks, you lazy Nicaraguan.

 Well, sweating doesnt always help. I peddled furiously for 15 minutes until my ankle began to throb. Got off and did the mean kind of push-ups where your hands are closer together and your nose touches the ground. Then just kind of sat down on the carpet for a spell, debating whether or not to just go back to bed and start the day over again at noon. The hour when Im to give Luis a call to get together. Or maybe just cancel plans with him and spend the day alone at home, sit in the sun and enjoy the respite from the construction noise. Just sit and be for the day, alone. I know Ill just end up getting Luis voicemail. But Im a sucker for human contact, and Ill continue to expect to see him today regardless of the ambivalence. After careful review of my email inboxes and outboxes, Im certain Im not responsible for the ruined morning. Although its always my first thought. Which is good, I suppose, so I dont blame myself and add injury to insult. The thing is, Im not insulted. Just sad. Like, she matters to me in a way that goes far beyond friendship. Why Im not angry, I guess. I cant afford to be. Maybe I shouldnt put that connection at risk by engaging it. Put it on a pedestal and leave it there. What if something happened to her? I handed over my cat to be put down a couple of days ago. I dont think the timing here is ideal. Really, folks

 Flakes for Breakfast I dont know what to think anymore. Ive been flaked on yet again, this time by my most favorite person on the planet. Solid, clear plans were made five days ago involving a cup of tea all the way in Del Mar (close to her) at 8:30am this morning. Meaning I didnt go out last night and had to wake by 7am to make it in time. It takes a little over 30 minutes to get there from my house. From 8:25 to 9am, I waited. Nothing. No phone call, no email sent at the last minute (I called Bryan to verify this), not a sign anywhere that something had come up. Just some incredible flakage. Yes, I had tears in my eyes on the long drive back home. Yet by a quarter to 9 as I sat there, Id already set myself up to accept being forgotten about, so when it happened Id have less of a jolt. I should email her to see if shes ok. But too much of me wants to just not address it, not make an issue out of it. Either she forgot completely or her schedule was too backed up to keep her plans with me. And yeah, either way Im not exactly motivated to find out. Both possibilities equal hurt feelings. Blinders, engage! This is why I told her last week that we didnt have to keep trying to arrange a get together if she was honestly too busy. But she insisted, picked a date, a place, and a time. There was no ambivalence at that point. She directed the whole matter. I dont know what to expect from people anymore. Nothing? Shes one of the most important people in my life, however it has been over a year since I last saw her. Im not entirely prepared to ingest this. I need a workout.

 Up early to get a jump on all the cleaning after finishing the cheesecake assembly... nice, eh? I didn't have the heart to tell Bryrox not to come (he invited himself). So instead, I told him to show up a godd three hours after the party gets underway. Maybe by then it won't matter that he'll have little to say to my pals. Christ, there's gonna be a houseful of folks here tonight. 12? 15? I'm going to need both some time in the sun as well as a nap before I can handle this.

 It Looks Like Im Dating Again Oh, and I knew that would get you interested. Scanning this next paragraph for a name, an explanation I took Kyle to the neighborhood pool this afternoon. Such a stunning summer day, about 80, high pressure keeping the sky brilliantly clear. We both showed up without our sunglasses, but we soon decided that it wasnt going to happen without them. So he grabbed my keys and walked back to the house. And I watched as he walked, his back to everyone, every woman in the place was taking a look. Yes, even the 10 year-old little girl. She couldnt stop staring at him the whole time we were there. And of course she couldnt! Almost-Pro baseball player whos in the best shape anyone of us will ever get to see on TV or otherwise. Then theres me, the girl hes with. Ha! Im feeling like something out of National Geographic as I lay on a chair beside him. Stretch marks, 30-50 pounds of spare weight, out of shape and pasty pale next to this guy. Well, it assuaged my usual self-consciousness that keeps me from public bathing, late night spa adventures, and wearing anything originally designed for a woman. Then I got it the other way. We were out shopping for his costume for the party tomorrow. I directed him to a smoke shop in Oside to buy a pipe for his outfit (after the marathon of looking for other things). So, Im walking around by myself while hes picking this up, and I run into my AA SPONSOR from when I was a teenager. A nice enough dyke named Janice who I last saw during my furious running period, during mile one of a 13 when I was still lit up like a background singer for Bob Marley. I used to get high before Id run those things. We chatted rather awkwardly for about a minute before I moved along, telling her I came into the area for costume crap with a friend of mine who I was no longer certain Id be quick to find. I like the way Kyle shops. He doesnt babysit when he changed his mind and goes on to something else in the distance that catches his eye. Yet I didnt know where hed gone. In the interim, Janice told me of a costume shop only blocks away. I thanked her and left to look for Kyle. He wasnt at the smoke shop; he went to the cigar shop across the street from it. We left it together, heading back to the car that happened to have us pass by Janice once more. I asked her again where the costume shop was. Information transaction complete, we started on. And I saw a brief expression that lingered on her face as we passed. The raised eyebrow bit shot in his direction. NO NO NO NO NO! IM STILL QUEER! WERE NOT THIS IS...!!! THIS ISNT!!! DAH!!! Reality remembered. Thatll teach me to use Kyle as a crutch.

 Shhh! Hes sleeping! ( Incognito on the Hi-Fi) Funny that hes out already, cause weve been together all day. And here I am baking into the night in further preparation for the party tomorrow, and hes all tucked in. This whole business of making dessert requires that I do most of the work the night before. Making a cheesecake takes about three hours in total from start to finish, the last 30 minutes of which will happen tomorrow. It needs to cool before I can Top it. Itll be easier when Im dressed as a Top tomorrow. I tried on the ensemble tonight to see if my online purchase was a good move. Stunning, I tell you! I might even wear my old star boots under it all (yes, those of you who have known me for 10+ years, I still have them). I was afraid it wouldnt show up today, but the UPS man brought it late in the afternoon. Kyle brought it up to me just as I was on the puter looking for places to shop for him (and me in a pinch the next day if still no delivery). I convinced him to go shirtless under his jacket. Ive grown rather fond of admiring his perfect body. Sexual attraction, no. But beauty is worth a longer look. Excited to hear that Matt and Alan are coming over too, the LTWR girls, Luis and Robin, Andrea, maybe Annie makes me even happier than just the act would elicit that I spent so many preparatory hours during the week. Smug Smiles All Around! Now to go back a post and resize those images to fit the HTML/template. More in a sec

 CAT ENEMA - An Ode To Vato, Fallen Cat urlLink I Gave My Cat an Enema. No animals were harmed in the creation of this web page. All of us, however, were humiliated and demoralized by the actual events that inspired it. Everything worked out okay, though. _________________________________ From 1985 until 1995, I had a tabby cat named Fred. He was cranky and mean and didn't like anyone but me. In 1992, Fred suddenly became SEVERELY constipated. He just couldn't go! Being a responsible and loving pet owner, I took Fred to the vet. The Vet said Fred had impacted bowels. She ordered a stool softener, prescription cat food, and, to get things moving along again right away, she gave Fred an enema. Fred seemed to feel better immediately after leaving the vet. Unfortunately, he soon became blocked up again. Back to the vet we went, and Fred got another enema. This same routine played itself out for the next few weeks. Fred would get blocked up, I would take him in for a "cleansing" and he would be okay for a few days, only to bind up again. It became apparent that Fred wasn't getting any better. The vet discussed the possibility of surgery. Meanwhile, the weekly enema bills were starting to pile up. It was costing me 15 bucks a week to get my cat flushed out! I wasn't sure whether to put Fred through an operation, especially since the Doctor said he might not get any better anyway. We also discussed the possibility of me giving Fred his enemas at home, instead of having the Doctor do it. The Vet instructed me in the correct method for administering an enema to a cat. She told me to get a ready-to-use mineral oil enema at the drug store. I went to the drug store and selected a two-pack of Fleet Mineral Oil enemas. When I got to the counter to pay, I suddenly became VERY self-conscious and embarrassed. I quickly left with my purchase, and headed home to await the arrival of my best friend, Ed. We rolled Fred up in a towel with just his butt sticking out of one end, in order to avoid being clawed or bitten. Even though he was restrained by the towel, Fred put up a terrible fight. He struggled and hissed and growled as we attempted to give him the enema. Then, Fred did something which caught both of us by surprise. With Houdini-like ease, he gave a little twist, and suddenly, where once his butt had been, his head and front paws now stuck out! It was hopeless. Fred was simply NOT going to allow us to give him the enema...or was he? I tried a different approach. The next day, while Fred was sitting on the dining room table looking very relaxed and trusting, I made my move. I approached him calmly and slowly. I praised him and stroked his fur, and at the same time I, uh, inserted the nozzle on the enema. Fred seemed to be okay with all of this. I gave the plastic bottle a squeeze. Then I gave it another squeeze. So far so good. Then, all of a sudden, he seemed to panic. Fred took off, hissing and running. I was horrified. As Fred ran away, mineral oil shot out of his ass, spraying me, the dining room table, the walls, the floor, everything - even my car keys. I was left with the biggest case of the heebie-jeebies I ever had. Fred was oily and furious. He retreated to the safety and comfort of his litter box. I knew it was best to leave him alone for awhile. I felt just awful. Then, an amazing thing happened. Fred went. Not only that, but he completely recovered. He was able to go on a regular basis. It was an intestinal miracle! He didn't have any more bootie trouble! Fred the Cat lived another 3 years with no more intestinal distress. Sadly, he disappeared under mysterious circumstances in 1996, and is presumed dead.

 Oh, the pain. Today, its my wrists and my shoulder (right), my ankles, and my back (of course). Advil is so not enough. I took 7 of them by four. No darvocet left. My liver thanks me. But my body demands help. So I called to get in to see my back surgeon again. Hes the one I have to go in to see for a script for yoga, a gym membership, massage treatments, etc. My appointment? Early August. Yes, this is why I put off even calling for help. Happily, Im looking forward to my party. Bought more decorations today, a riding crop for my costume (something Ill use again?), and came home to do more work on the place. Just cleaning is hard on my body. Its a good thing Im dressing as a Dom for the party. I certainly couldnt slave the evening. A purdy picture of a kink-kid whose blog I read:

 What a sunset!! Stunning! Pet Headlines: Thunder has a new bed outside. A small dog crate with a blanket inside (which he tried to piss on when he found it on the floor of the house before making the bed). Hes still only allowed inside when under hip-hop supervision. No puppy will live at my house. A resounding no from the folks when I mentioned it. Sad, I know, but I dont know how to train a puppy nor do I know what my life is going to look like schedule-wise enough to know if/how I would take care of her. Its just not responsible at this point. Nor is it possible, living in my parents investment. And the rest of the days news: Speaking of my parents investments, Julian is now a 200 acre property. They bought the land situated above their house on the hill where the road runs. No, they dont need more space. They bought it to ensure they dont have any neighbors looking down on them, ruining the privacy. Neighbors its no longer Old Man Rutherford up the road whod get drunk and shoot off his pistols who gets talked about. Now, its some idiot woman who has been squatting up there. Literally squatting! She has no septic system and has been shitting in the woods like a bear. Were all but convinced that shell be growing dope out there. Seems she thinks shes in no-mans-land. Doesnt realize that those low-flying planes that swoop by regularly are only there to monitor that possibility. Nor does she realize that shes trying to build without a permit in the very place that gets flooded every time it rains. Shell be wrapped in a wool blanket like a wet rat on the local news soon enough. Postmodern jazz on 88.5 playing some unconventional shit (it's a distance-learning class, complete with lecture on what we're hearing). Taking a break from the ordinary in music as I take a break from decorating the house. As usual, my body is a wreck tonight. I need to sit. All dressed up this morning in healed boots and my favorite shirt to head down south to my Enterprise interview. Oh, and I wore pants too?. It went really well. Rather idyllically aside from the question I got right at the beginning. So, youre a writer? Why are you applying for a job with us instead of a writing job? Dont worry; I did a spin maneuver and explained the market for a writer, the inconsistency and the mystery of when your work will be in vogue and therefore marketable. Explained the importance of being in the world, not just behind a monitor. If I could have written my response and mailed it to her later, I would have added the maturation thats required to be a talent in that field. And the fact that writing, creatively at least, involves a level of self-exposure that sometimes makes the whole affair look more appealing when its kept to myself as mine and no one elses. The woman was verbal, fun, and very easy to get on with immediately after meeting her. None of the judgmental pretense I fear in job interviews. I did well, I know it. Yet, Ill be going through three more interviews before hiring if it happens at all. And disconcerting to me, they made me sign a waiver for them to do a credit check among other things. Ha. If that really matters, Im in deep shit. Its only if theyll allow me to explain the situation (being out of work forever?!) that Ill be cleared. Back to the subject of writing, Ive received another two DVDs from Netflix today. Deconstructing Harry !! I havent seen it in far too long, and I cant wait to throw it on and settle down into my bed. The whole premise is about what happens when youve written about your life and the people in it. The backlash of the expos, the wonderful Judy Davis storming in on his apartment and pulling a gun on the motherfucker. And the inevitable blurring of lines between fiction and real life. I got the Station Agent too, one that Ive seen but Bryan has not. Its wonderful, wonderful, wonderful. Ms. Clarkson is fabulous (the heroin-addicted, German, lesbian Fassbinder actress in Cholodenkos High Art who I fell for). Body hurt. Films good. Since I was all dressed up, I stopped by moms to talk and share the latest. Seems like I dont see her very often these days. The last time was fathers day. We went out for a superb bite of sushi at the new addition of Sushi on the Rock to her neighborhood. Hamachi like butter that wowed her into a vow of returning with the rest of the family some night soon. She asked me to order for us since shes below even novice status when it comes to raw fish. A spicy hamachi roll and a plate of seared and peppered ahi on a plate of greens, then a single order of hamachi nigiri. All things Ive had before and figured shed like. She was stunned, and frankly so was I. Good call! Turning someone on to sushi is a sort of honor like de-virginization. Spreading my hedonism is a joy. And I expect to get another chance to show off my tastes when my cousin Elizabeth comes out for my brothers wedding. Fellow SDans: any thoughts? No, I dont need help. But more input is best!

 Annie Difranco I Know This Bar Im going to be a proud parent soon. And no, I wasnt impregnated by my icky dreams last night. Amy just suggested the two of us be co-parents of a black lab, the favorite from her moms breeding machines last litter. A girl. The naming competition will be underway when I get a pic to post up here. Having Amy help to pay for the things I cant afford in order to own a dog (responsibly) is making my dream a reality. A dog to take up to Julian with the family (I could never until it got all sorts of extra shots for ticks and things that cost far more than I can spare). Someone to go out on walks with. A bedmate for single ol me. If I ever get another pet, itll be a dog. And it will be a lab like my parents dog, Anvil/Annie-Nanny/Piggy/Brick/Stinker/Baby Love. The dog that would run off a cliff if you told her to, but also a dog that would rather just follow me everywhere all day long. Shes a bathroom attendant too Ive never taken a leak in their house without the long exhalation from a curious nose under the door to remind me that Ive left someone out but shutting a door. I love her more than most people. Oh, a love. And a nice one that Thunder will like. Hes outside tonight because I caught him trying to pee on the drapes. But he keeps showing me that he understands the logic behind his cat box. Hes a little shit, but I love him. He was nice last night, only shitting in my shower when I let him sleep in my room with me. ______ Death Cab for Cutie: Lightness Amy mentioned something about getting married in the church they were brought up in. and my eyes filled with tears. I dont have that. But suddenly and immediately after the subject was raised, I became pretty emotional. This was all on IM, the subject brought up by me anyway. Still that kind of affirmation, that kind of belonging The fractured lives of queers. Ill finish prepping for the interview. Then Ill start prepping for that article I aim to submit to the school paper. Yes, Im still right on the edge of tears these days. Please dont bring it up in person unless Im asking you to talk about it or if you can clearly see that Im not wearing mascara.

 Im proposing to write an article for the schools newspaper to discuss the news of Manis death. I plan to interview folks on a range of topics, quote members of both the CSU community as well as the SD (and LGBT) community at large. Your guidance and opinions are important to me. Feel free to email me privately to contribute. Its the least I can do.

 No, its not a balanced ticket. In terms of senatorial voting records, Kerry is the most liberal. Hilary is number three. And number four is Edwards. Although it would have been ideal to have convinced McCain to get on board, I think the choice was a good move politically. Heres my breakdown: One, youre a tried and true Republican, a sure bet to vote GOP no matter the circumstances. Two, youre a supporter of the war, no further questions. Changing horses midstream is a either an unthinkable or a dreary choice to have to make. All yalls going to vote a certain way, no matter. Pull in a Republican to outfit the VP ticket for the Dems, and a lot of these folks mght begin to rethink things. Maybe they want out of the war and are concerned with Bushs not-so-forthcoming attitude about disclosing information the public is curious about. Three, theres the folks formerly registered as GOPs who are so angry with Bush and his handling of domestic as well as foreign matters in what seems to them an outright harmful and negligent way. Im a part of this crowd. Im registered as a Libertarian, but I did vote for the son-of-a-gun four years ago. Itll take another post to explain why. Four, there are the folks who vote for the Left in almost all situations. But theyre still concerned that such a radical ticket will work against the party in general. Theyre for business and paramount economic position for our country around the world and yet, theyre put in the position to have to vote for a prolific trial lawyer. The DOW and every other US economic index dropped today upon hearing the announcement (so the reason has been stated). And five, as if this can even be so simplified, are those who will vote for anyone but Bush. Anyone but a Republican. Im over here too. ________________ I just spent the best 30 bucks in recent memory. I went to IKEA today and was a good, good girl by skipping any items over 40 bucks as a general rule with myself when I walked in. I bought a urlLink leather ottoman/footstool to relieve my back while on my leather chair before my computer. And its heaven. Almost as cool as the party things I picked up. Oh, if only I could sleep in tomorrow. I'd be all over this house prepping already.

 Another rush of job applications today. Or rather, more searching and applying through Monster. I found an associate editor position with a company based out of Amsterdam that deals with various published media. Travel? Oh yes. And another for a proofreader for AP Wire information that Im super qualified for. That one Im in the middle of tweaking my cover letter to apply to. Two deformed, decomposing dead bodies in my dreams last night. I can only imagine what my mind is telling me. One was a black man who I was fucking no head, missing limbs, but quite a fabulous penis. (?!!) The other was a baby of a friend that I was watching, realizing that it was actually dead. Lesbian angst? Christ Running errands today, making phone calls, continuing to plan for the party on Saturday. Im in good spirits today. Unusually so. So, back to it before the computer sucks me in.

 What Im Going to Spend the Rest of the Night watching You think that you can have the duck with a financial statement like this? No, its not LA Story. Why, I cant find stills from that film to post here, so how much fun would that be? No, its The Man Who Wasnt There . The luscious photography is primal. Francis McDormand-Cohen is more than cool could claim. Nothing like a Cohen Bros. film, my pretties. But first, to eat. Since Bryan crapped out late in the game and went to bed. Me firsty! Eating the ice in my drink like a cocker spaniel isnt enough somehow.

 Ive a new cinematic hero. Its Adam Sandlers character in Punch Drunk Love . The rage, the despair and the fact that he got to touch Emily Watson, that adorable kitten from Breaking the Waves that I saw her in first years ago. These are all things to admire somehow. Im a snob about films, so even when Bryan told me Id like this one, I balked. For no apparent reason; I love PT Anderson films. I still cant believe I sold my DVD of Hard Eight about a year ago. Boogie Nights has more good lines in it for me to recycle as punch-lines than Whos Afraid of Virginia Woolf? Ok, so its not that fabulous, but still. Magnolia would be a good revisit; I only saw it once the day it was released in the theatres. Clearly, Bryan knew what he was talking about with this one. The critics who give a shit about a decent piece of ART loved Punch Drunk . The receipts rendered it a flop. Equation balance = movie good. The way Anderson was able to cultivate such a tension with his command of the acting talent with hand-helds (after so many wide angle establishing shots that comprised such a large portion of the visual), with the score Those static wide angles made the alienation and awkwardness so palpable. Very well done. My only qualm keeping it from my Top 10,000 list is the improbability of Watsons character. Just a scene or two, two minutes even, were needed to qualify her as someone who would be fascinated with him. Given her role in the story arc, some explanation was clearly in order. Like, develop a quirk at least! Was it enough that she wanted to meet him solely on the basis of seeing his picture?

 Oh, just some more ridiculous shit for you to play with. Klicken der photo for where I found this one. Seems that my moms not the only one unable to turn away when Wimbledon is on the telly. Strange? Sort of. More strange? That someone captured this and sent it in to a local news station in Newcastle. urlLink A frenzy of productivity. Me feets hurts, my knee hurts, my same song. Back to real writing.

 James Browns Think followed by some T Rex coming on over the radio broke me out of my exhausted malaise and convinced me to get to writing. A relatively sober but nevertheless tiring day in the sun yesterday sealed the deal on my today-plans. Tanning, swimming in the ocean, and BBQing and cooking for the many hungry mouths of stoners at an old friends house off Neptune in Leucadia. Idiots climbing onto the roof to see /more/ fireworks, and then lighting an arsenal of their own convinced me it was time to pack it up and go home. The false machismo was maybe more tiring to be around than the hours and hours on my bare feet in the kitchen could ever have taxed my energy. This is my beach, Grandview. I snapped this on my way down the stairs. Being in the water sure was lovely though. The salt and my rounded body allowing me to float like a cork in between sets and chat it up with the guys on bodyboards waiting for the break. Just lovely. Kate and Kegler on the sand: Im more excited than ever about the party coming up on Saturday. No, no one from this crowd will be there.

 This post is for Bryan, mainly. Lovers of ridiculous shit, especially related to Japanese culture, we'd eat anything if it was cute enough. Still hungry? Why, there's urlLink a whole site to feast upon! I've added a couple of new icons -------> and links to new crap, in case you're bored and need some stim. not necessarily work-safe (unless you work in a brothel) HAPPY 4th of JU-LY!

 (apologies for the tech error that multiplied my last post; blogger was down last night - Oh! and it is today as well, i see!) Heavy Heart A dreary Sunday morning so silent outside, I can hear the bell toll from the University. 8:45am. Up early somehow after last night where I succeeded in drinking away the news of Ritchies suicide. For me to get the spins means quite a cups session. My core still aches this morning, all the way down to my hands. My cup of tea and the quiet outside are small but important consolations to what otherwise could be another heartbroken day. Sorry to have to break the news to you, Matty. I let the phone ring several times before answering while I considered whether I should tell you. Somehow the shame of his death has kept everyone pretty quiet about it. Your idea about a candlelight vigil is a good one, however much Im troubled by the thought of being an emotional mess in public. Very vulnerable. Yet, the continued struggle that makes queerdom so painful to live with is an important message to communicate. Even if only shined upon by the light of our individual lumieres. Girls, I need a cuddle. This kind of thing rattles me and terrifies me to identify with so closely. I wish I was in Austin with my ladies. The world is too painful a place to navigate without the love of women to prop me up. And here I thought Id be spared from the horror of living by turning off my television (images on the news are too much for me) and by enclosing myself in the safety of interacting with the world by my words alone. Life leaks in, more than the hazy sunlight from my windows. This morning, I cry for all of us. For all our irresolvable agony. ______________ Whew, I need a cheer-up fuck, some sympathy sex. I wonder what Kerris up to today I miss her painted skin. Being held... Gay Pride is coming up, and Im still planning to march. Pride is important; I used to think it was a lame excuse for us all to get loaded together and hook up with strangers. If were still killing ourselves, if our identities are still this fractured Legislation protects us from others. Who/What protects us when were the ones committing the hate crimes?

 Maybe Ill be able to sleep after I write about why Im having trouble drifting off. Ive been in bed for the last couple of hours, wide awake and worrying. Guilt-ridden is maybe more accurate. My mind wont stop searching for more and more reasons why the feeling should fit. Thinking about the department chairs upcoming return from China. How she has more news to tell me about the asshole professor I butted heads with months ago, worrying that maybe Im just an asshole myself and complained when it wasnt necessary. Undermining my own credibility in my mind to reconstruct the scenario as something I should be ashamed of. Worrying that I dont have a job yet and my motivation is waning. That my search has been fruitless and maybe more telling than what Im allowing myself to see. Maybe no one will want me. Maybe Im still too young to be taken seriously? Worrying that I did close to nothing today. Nothing important anyway. That Im wasting my life trying to avoid pain and conflict, rendering me lazy and useless. Worrying that my body is only going to hurt worse as the years pass, and that Im pretty much losing out on everything that used to matter to me because it hurts to leave the house. I thought of soccer, and I wanted to cry. So much of my identity and my spirituality (its hard to explain) were tied up in that game. I still have a test to take and a paper to write, and I havent done it yet. And that other class I still need to take what if I dont do it? What if I cant pass? What if Ive waited too long to capture the proper motivation to complete school? What if my degree means nothing in the working world? Faces pop into my head, one after the other, paired with visions of how they must feel about me. An angry, troubled, needy, indulgent, weak, complaining, isolationist, irresponsible, vulnerable, frigid, fearful, overweight, has-been who cant find middle ground between arrogance and self-loathing. Professors, friends, family, Leslie, Janice, strangers you name it, Ill find you a story that degrades me. All these flaws irreconcilable and keeping me from being loved. Failure. Guilt. Shame. All blended together in a parfait glass for dessert. Tomorrow we meet to talk about Ritchies suicide. I realize thats bothering me. Other people in my life are struggling with self-destructive depression, and its a hard thing to witness. Maybe Im a bad friend on top of it all? Maybe Im not doing enough to be there for others, that Im contributing to this wounded world in a negative way by not doing enough to save people? Id pour myself a drink, but Im not too thrilled with the idea of adding alcohol to the mood. Gasoline on the fire and all I will, however, pop open a beer anyway because I dont think Ill be able to sleep without it, and I know itll push the Elavil into activation and Ill get sleepy. Things that I try to remind myself? Exercises to off-set the above-mentioned troubles? Flossing. Been taking great care of my mouth. Yes, this is significant. So is showering, shaving, and keeping my toes and feet painted and prettied. Sounds mundane, but it matters to me that I at least care for the fundamentals. Theyre the first things to lapse when shit starts sliding. No, shit isnt sliding. Its just appropriately difficult right now. School is ending without strong signs of a replacement identity in the workforce. Thats stressful. Chris is getting married, and I feel like a square peg about the whole thing. My ankle still isnt well, and my back never will be. Its hard to be joyful with the pain I live with, the limitations that have been set. The cats my not being able to fix them, then paying for it tenfold. Its not surprising that Ive reverted to grilling myself in the middle of the night. Im talented at the art of making myself feel bad; I have control when I create a sense of impending doom on my horizon. Many of these other things, I have no satisfactory sense of control over. Its all just vulnerability and fear. Mini self-therapy session complete. Ah ha! The job at Sur La Table, should I get it, will put me within walking distance of Claudias house! Thats why the job hunt is so daunting to me today! Oh, Im going to need to talk about that another time And now, to create another fantasy-based scenario to dwell on as I try again to sleep (I can feel the Elavil kicking in after just half a beer). This time though, itll be something comforting to distract and derail my mind from the collision course its been on. Like Jodi Foster or swimming naked. What was that? Swimming naked with Jodi Foster? Its a deal. Maybe Ill get lucky and have a saucy dream about something pretty. I need a vacation from the guilt. And Ill need a valium to handle the memorial tomorrow for Ritchie.

 I thought to put up the misting system early today so as not to be out in the yard with a hammer in the heat of the day. Wise of me because its already in the 90s. And wise to do it properly so that Dad doesnt howl at my arbitrary attitude of good enough. It looks smashing, and it works like a dream. The book reading will be even more enjoyable today. Getting a tan makes my fat look somehow healthy. Im feeling less insecure around Kyle, around the pool with the other neighbors who gather there each day. Ive been good about getting exercise each day, resulting in no significant weight loss but definitely making the chub look more proportioned. I look more like an athlete these days than the image of a hobbled drunk that I used to carry with me. It takes so much longer to get into shape with all the pain that reminds me moment-by-moment to take it easy. Lowering my expectations of what Im supposed to look like in my mid 20s is helping too as much as I still struggle with resigning to being older, broken, and pained. Kyles gone for the weekend. Two of his friends drove in from Arizona last night and arrived before Kyle returned home from a surf session. I let them in, offered them food and drink to which they refused, and retired back to my station on my bed where I was in the middle of watching Everyone Says I Love You. A musical /and/ a Woody Allen movie? I was sure they were giggling to each other at how nerdy I am. They went off to have dinner and to get drunk while I stayed home, already wiped out from housework and sun exposure. I was already plenty buzzed and just got through with eating an entire crab why go anywhere? Its not like I can afford sushi and drinks when Im already full and liquored up. So I set up the inflatable bed for the boys so theyd have a comfy place to pass out when they returned. Last time one of them was here, he passed out on the carpet in the living room. Why, when I have an air mattress and a mushy new couch? I think theyre all trying to act like guest, embarrassed to ask for any special treatment. This morning I found a note on the folded bedding thanking me for the effort. Glad to be appreciated. An email in my mailbox this morning telling me to call a certain someone to schedule an interview. At Sur La Table. Getting the position at GEICO would be more ideal, but I cant bank on any one thing these days. I called the number and left a voicemail. Two hours have elapsed. I have an alarm set to call again at 3. Kyle has three day-long interviews next week whereas I have nothing. His business degree is taking him a lot further than my LTWR degree, thats for sure. And hes handsome and has all the elite baseball experience behind him. When it comes to sales, selling yourself is the first requirement. I dont think I have it in me. Im too Willy Loman. The familiar horn just sounded in the construction zone in the not-so-far distance. Another explosion is imminent. Its these little excitements that punctuate my long, languid days in the sun. Having time to stare up at the clouds and fuss with the garden wont always be available to me, so Im soaking it up while it lasts.

 Urgh me feets are fried. I got some later-day sun while enjoying the spritzing of water from the spigot. Not enough though, so I went to Homo Depot for a comprehensive misting system. But the two giant crabs I bought at the grocer today distracted me from putting it up. Ah, the sweet meat of an ocean spider. I ate one of them, expecting that Kyle would wolf down the other. But hes not into seafood, he says. Well, well see, wont we? I wont tell him that my breathing is a little labored after eating it. Im afraid I have a touch of allergy when it comes to shellfish. ____ Maria Shriver is a Kennedy? Im always wowed at my lack of knowledge. It seems shes going to show at the DNC. Or was it just Arnie? The news blip was too brief to catch. ____ So, Im all cracked out and want to make it outside before the sun disappears to erect the misting system. Its going to be a nice, long weekend of tanning, I can tell from the current weather. And since Ive a new (to me) Carlos Fuente novel to delve into, Im sure Ill be out there for hours to come.

 It happened again. I rented a film that, when I got home, I realized Id already rented. Yet, I didnt finish it. And tonight I was in the mood for exactly what Id turned down months ago. Dirty Pretty Things. With a title like that, I assumed I was looking at a French film. It must be a translation, right? And with Audrey Tatou as the co-star, my assumptions were sealed; Its French. Yet its about immigrants in London, and it's in English. A depressingly stark portrait of life in a big city when you have no rights. Ill give it 3 stars. 4 is reserved for films that make my classics list, so 3 isnt so bad. 3 s go to most things that I see that are quality and without distracting holes in either the plot or the production. I went down to Ocean Beach today with Luis to have tacos and to catch up. The party this weekend gave us nothing in terms of a chance to actually talk. I had a lobster taco and a wahoo taco after the oyster/vodka shot was in me belly. That place is stellar. So good, so cheap, and such a view of the ocean. And other weird shit I've come to expect in OB. Customer-Woman: What kind of beer do you have? Bar Maid: Sam Adams, Stone, Sierra Nevada, Guinness, Bass, Redhook, Weiders, Ballast Point, Coors Woman: I guess Ill have a Samuel Adams. The barmaid goes to pull the tap and returns with a full pint in her hand. Bar Maid: Thatll be 3.25. -Pause- Woman: Well I dont think I have that. Grabbing back the pint and looking to me without even as much as a hiccup in her routine: Bar Maid: What can I get for you? I ordered my drinks. Put my 20 down as I spoke as if I need to qualify my order as valid after what we both just witnessed. Two Redhook IPAs, the big ones. After Id delivered the waters Id ordered were set down on our table, the beers were before me. She spoke, the bar maid. I wonder how much she thought that would be? Me: I was thinking about just that. What I think she was hoping is that youd just take what she had in return for not having to throw out the pint. One, Im certain I was right. And two, I feel horrible for even thinking that. What I really wanted to do was to pay for her beer. But by the time I thought about it, she was gone. And before I got my own drinks, I began to believe that the effort would have been counter-productive. I dont think its a beer that she needs? Its dumb to give a book to an illiterate. Its even more stupid to buy a drink for someone who needs to be looking for work. That wouldnt be helping. Had she ordered food, I would have jumped in. Anyway, the afternoon was lovely. We were cheap together, neither of us trying to sway the other into spending shit-loads at sushi joints or into buying filet at the grocer. We were good. We went back to his house and [I] played with the dog in the pool. The good boy that he is, he had an appointment this evening to work at the food bank as a volunteer. So I took off at about 5:30. Lets see. I could get into the I15 traffic from 163/Genessee, or I could go to 99 Ranch! That place is a San Diego miracle. If only it wasnt so goddamned white up here in my neck of the woods, Im sure Id have a better chance to spend money at a 99 Ranch. I know they exist in Orange and LA counties, maybe more than that. But theres only one in SD. So when Im off of Convoy, my car is being pulled in by culinary magnets. Which is why that it this hour, Im going to call it a night. Happily, and with a full belly.

 I applied to yet another job today. This time its urlLink Sur La Table , the store that has yet to open in south Carlsbad. Id be so comfortable there with all the work experience I have My cover letter is so completely behind my getting the position. Id need between 10 to 13 an hour, sure. But with my experience, I think I could arrange for that to happen. They would be silly not to hire me. I would be silly not to apply. And yes, its a company I could move up in. if I lived in Seattle, Id be applying for their catalogue editor position. So theres hope. And there's a culinary program! Oh, will someone marry me already so I can achieve my life-long dream of being someone's personal Martha Stuart, minus the frigidity? Thunder is gone. The end of an era indeed. To feel better, I called Luis to meet me for tacos at South Beach. Maybe a few oyster hot shots. And some conversation to work out the inner kinks left by the last few weeks.

 Images from the urlLink PARTY have been posted thanks to Kelly's blog. I've procured some samples to lure you in. Me and Kelly Aw... Morgen! House looks pretty good, eh? Andrea, Matt, and Alan. Giving Kelly a spanking (and copping a feel, I see - nice work, Charlotte!) __________________________________ Sadly, I opened my front door today to find a paper grocery bag containing the book I'd lent to Bryan. No note, nothing. Wiping his hands of me? We'll see. That's just hurtful, all of this unfriendly treatment. I still haven't learned of why he didn't show up to my party. No explanation, no apology, no effort to say anything to me aside from this gesture of returning my shit to me. An end of an era? Seems to be suggesting it, anyway. Eh, maybe he's just having a hard time these days. I wouldn't know though, would I? I have an early appointment tomorrow with Geico. Details to follow.

 I don't know how it's possible, but I just found out that I received a B+ in my Literary Theory 460 class from the spring semester! You know, the class I never went to. The class presentation I never gave? Yep, must have been one hell of a paper I turned in for my final. Woo-hoo! The pound would not take the cat. Too many in there already. So outside he stays. I think Kyle learned why I said not to let it in the house. Nothing like getting into a bed full of cat urine. I think me and Kyle are going to walk down to the school this afternoon. I'll pay for it later.

 Applied for yet another job today, this time with Geico who recently opened a new location in Poway. I was actually looking it up for Kyle, then figured I might as well apply myself while I was at it. Since nothing else Ive applied for has panned out. We spent some time together in the sun in the yard this afternoon, soaking up the sun and exchanging stories of our childhoods, our troubles. Feels like a real friendship is beginning, and Im happy about that. It was just what I needed to do today to dissolve my hurt feelings at Bryans recent behaviour. Time for a shower and to get my butt out the door and over to moms house where Im meeting everyone before going out to sushi.

 A good time was had by all. The real fun will be cleaning up. The place looks like a bomb went off. Dishes, bottles, streamers, balloons, and pictures on the cam to relive it all. Not many though I was too busy cooking and whatnot to shoot off a bunch of pics. I was going to leave that to Bryan. Ugh, I should be asleep still, but I woke at nine as if nothing happened. As to not wake Kyle, Im waiting until later on to get started with the house repairs. Irritatingly, Bryan never showed up. First he refused the costume idea ok. But then he didnt even show. People kept asking me where he was, and so I called a couple of times. The jackass. I wish hed just have been honest and refused the invitation from the get-go. Glad I was having too good of a time to feel like an idiot for his not showing. Sure was a lot of work to pull that off. Even still, I felt like the food was a half-assed effort on my part. I thought others would all bring things, so I miscalculated a bit there. Still, I dont think anyone but me ended the night hungry.

 Mail Bomb Well, that was a wrench in the machinery.&nbsp; I heard back today from Prof. Cassel with a follow-up on what all happened with the asshole professor complaint.&nbsp; Turns out I was the only one who had a problem with him.&nbsp; Those two students who came forward to say something after I asked them to toss in their two cents both said that it was a personality conflict between us and nothing more.&nbsp; No more will come of the situation, and for that Im relieved.&nbsp; But Im also feeling like a big pile of shit right now.&nbsp; Tearful, implosive, guilty that I wasnt able to handle the whole thing better on my own.&nbsp; What this translates to for me again is this: Im too angry to get along with people, and I invite a fight that hurts me to the point of cutting myself.&nbsp; Thats what happened between me and Prof. AH so far, what preceded my last incision.&nbsp; Not so right now Im not bent on destruction today.&nbsp; But I am feeling it with rather strong intensity. I wrote back to Cassel in an email just now, but Im not feeling any better because of it.&nbsp; I am glad its over, but to feel like its all my fault I feel an outbreak of apologies is on the horizon.&nbsp; Yes, even to PAH.&nbsp; Nothing more than a line or two, but it will come.&nbsp; All I want today is to be alone.&nbsp; And to hear from someone that Im not what I am.&nbsp; Then again, I dont think Id hear it.&nbsp; Not today.&nbsp; I need to work harder.&nbsp; I need to be doing something different than Im doing. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; I feel like shutting down.&nbsp; At least today I have some work to do that can act as a mask for wanting to be in the void and feeling nothing.

 Another bout of thunderstorms on the docket for this afternoon and this evening.&nbsp; Last nights lightshow was nothing short of a spiritual experience.&nbsp; I couldnt help but think of Ritchie and myself too what we risk missing out on when we reconsider living in the world.&nbsp; Hell never see such magic.&nbsp; And me?&nbsp; I felt absurd questioning my place on the planet in past years.&nbsp; Were all a part of this, if not passive observers seeking to hold on to a little bit of that power for ourselves. &nbsp; I got an email from Dawn yesterday, and so I used last night as a chance to respond and play with my experiences in language.&nbsp; I dont feel shy about sharing my sensitivities with her, so our interactions tend to feel fuller than most others.&nbsp; I believe she may have returned from China, but Im not sure.&nbsp; I look forward to meeting with her one last time before securing my grade in her class.&nbsp; When we go over my final project. &nbsp; Plans to meet with BJ tonight and finally get a move on with this project.&nbsp; Theres not a whole lot to do here in Indy without Amy being well and mobile.&nbsp; Aside from playing with the two puppies, wrestling with the other four dogs, and continuing on with my job searching.&nbsp; I did all three already today.&nbsp; I may go out for a walk either alone or with one of the adult dogs later on, but other than that its silent in the house.&nbsp; And quiet in my head.&nbsp; Feels fabulous.

 thunder wonder&nbsp; the storm lasted a few hours, but it was its onset and climax that i went outside on the porch to witness.&nbsp; illumination like i've never seen.&nbsp; being out here at the Haase house allows for a view that the minneapolis suburbs didn't when i was there... my last real storm.&nbsp; crashes and flashes of thunder and lightening while i stared wild-eyed with my mouth open in awe. this world of the midwest is a wonder to me.&nbsp; no, i've no designs to move out here.&nbsp; for a beach kitten who has never even seen snow fall from the sky before, i would never survive the winter without help from a native. amy slipped in and out of sleep today while i prepped a few more questions to help facilitate my interviews with BJ.&nbsp; who was, by the way, too wasted from a walk to feel up to coming out to talk.&nbsp; we'll do it soon, perhaps tomorrow.&nbsp; the real reason i'm here is to help amy out.&nbsp; her knee looks so painful.&nbsp; i've only vague memories of my relatively small knee injury when i was down with a MCL tear at 16.&nbsp; i'm tickled to be able to help her.&nbsp; i love playing nurse.&nbsp; i find gratification in being a caretaker. i walked two of the big dogs (of four) and played with the two puppies.&nbsp; it would be overwhelming with six dogs if they lived in the house, but they've their own garage and joining yard.&nbsp; the cat in the house was enough to get me into a full-blown allergic reaction.&nbsp; two benedryls later and a couple of beers... i'm as good as new, if not a bit whipped by the medication's fatiging effect. good enough to go outside for a smoke to remark to myself at the beauty of fireflies.&nbsp; these little creatures were a surprise to me.&nbsp; i wasn't entirely sure my eyes were working when one made its first appearance during the storm.&nbsp; but then it lighted again, then another a few feet away.&nbsp; remarkable.&nbsp; can i bring some home with me? so, i know it's not all fun and games.&nbsp; the tornado siren was sounding at the onset of the storm.&nbsp; candles were lighted in preparation, the telly was tuned to the weather just in case.&nbsp; these folks have a basement for a reason, and i'm not sure i'm excited enough to find out why during my trip here.&nbsp; still, the romance of the electrical charge playing games with the sky has enveloped me.&nbsp; passionate weather is a powerful influence.&nbsp; so is television.&nbsp; i'm a neophyte once again.&nbsp; watching some fascinating programme on Discovery called Taboo .&nbsp; it's making it hard to write with focus with this show on.&nbsp; later... &nbsp;

 Ive arrived safely after a mostly uneventful couple of flights. The first leg to Atlanta was a bit bumpy and inspired the weirdo next to me to clutch his crucifix close to his body several times. I was fine once I made my way to the loo to empty the contents of my stomach. Im not always travel-sick, but something about this flight made me queasy. Ive yet to venture further than the upstairs of the house, so Ive little to report aside from the shock of seeing Amys knee in traction. Or rather, strapped to a machine that keeps it moving very slowly 24-hours a day. Its been nice being able to offer my help. Her father is getting his knee replaced on Monday, so the more I can help out, the better. Susies going to have her hands full with two invalids in the house. BJ isnt feeling up to seeing us today, so Ive the afternoon yet to prep some more questions and to talk it over with Amy as to how I should approach the Q & A sessions. More as it happens.

 How did I miss this? Im trying to make a CD for my trip tomorrow. And I was playing around with songs I didnt think I cared about. Yet theres a song on Didos new album called See You When Youre 40. A song I adore but had no idea the title. And youre free to guess at who it reminds me of. Shell be 40 in a year and a month. I told Kyle about her. Im not sure why. It matters little between us, but its my history. Why Im so gun shy about dating now, why I hold new loves to such high standards. Who can assume a goddess-like status? Who can compete with such intensity without further ruining me? Im still in love with her. Thats what I concluded. I know its indicative of a failing of mine that I still love her, but I cant help it. All the anger is there; its not a matter of getting in touch with my rage at the situation. Some part of me thinks Id be more upset if I was never granted a chance to be her lover. However she controlled me sexually. I never was allowed access to so many things She tried to tell me it was all my choice whether to leave her or not, that she never would/could walk away. But I was tortured into leaving eventually. The older I get, the more insane that part of it appears. Yes, having had free-reign would have been beautiful. But wouldnt it also have damaged me more? Or was the end result just a crippling sense that no-holds-barred sexual expression results in pain? Its hard to judge 5 years out of it. The Me now would never have been able to cope with sexual restrictions. However shed let them slide from day to day. I dream weekly (still) of making love to her. Different ways, different terms/circumstances surrounding it. Im still heartbroken. I still yearn for another chance with her as an adult. Still curse us both for screwing me up before I had a chance to acquire a chance to delineate between lust and something worth pursuing. I still dream of having her come into my hand, into my mouth. I still think of her as the most beautiful woman Ive ever touched. Claudia, Im sorry for being too young to have handled all of that better. I still love you. Regardless of practicality, I still think youre it. Had you been ten years younger, it might have worked. At least wed have only been a handful of years apart. And you would have been single. Yet your kids Those three miracles I couldnt give you this. Ugh. Please, someone. Kill this pain. Ive been misaligned with my love of this woman for 9 years. It was April 28 th of 1995 that I met her. Yeah, I remember. When a single moment of seeing someone from a distance triggered so much for us both. She wasnt introduced to me. I just saw her. And she saw me and stopped cold in her tracks to meet my gaze. Im a strong woman, but tonight Im a skeptic. I dont know that I can put that behind me. Nor do I think I want to. I miss being in love. No matter how much it hurt me. And continues to do so.

 POST # 700!!! Mom and I went to the market together this afternoon. I needed food to eat on the various upcoming flights seeing that they wont serve meals on any of the four legs of my travel. And too, I wanted to see her before I left. Always this vague feeling that it could be the last time I see her comes over me when Im scheduled to take a flight. So we headed out together after my 20 minute drive back to the old stomping grounds. Wandering through the aisles of urlLink brilliant stacked cans and shopping for images, I did indeed feel absurd. I ran into someone I wasnt expecting to see. Maybe ever again. It was Leslie. We were on our way out after much wandering when I saw her come in. So I stopped and looked her in her eye well, into her sunglasses to press the issue into a stop-n-chat. For a slip second, I realized that I actually had the option of not acknowledging her. Its therapeutic etiquette, is it not, for the patient to decide not to make a situation out of a random real-world encounter? But its Leslie, and I hadnt seen her since a year and half? The encounter was hardly interactive. And quite honestly, I was shaken by the chance meeting for maybe 30 minutes afterward. I know itd been about ten years since my mom had last seen her, so she automatically assumed it was Claudia who we just spoke to. Whaaa? I let her know later that I wouldnt have even engaged her if it was, not with mom with me. Can you imagine the discomfort? But so yeah it shook me up a little to run into her. I love her dearly, dont get me wrong. But my system seems to be telling me that theres a lot of residual emotion that accompanies my seeing her, even if only for a moment, a 30-second chat. All the history, all the memories, all the unaddressed emotions surrounding her moving out of the country. It was it /is/ hard for me to imagine. I took refuge for years in the knowing that shes still around if I needed her bad enough. I took refuge in knowing that we two had managed a respectful and rewarding friendship (whatever that means exactly) since terminating treatment five years ago. I love that woman. I was thrown. When things didnt work out for us to meet up, I was hurt. And it was my fault for not being explicit enough about my intentions to see her. Maybe today has some supplemental information that I was missing before. Seeing her is a heavy thing. Its akin to seeing Claudia. I shook; I began to sweat in line to buy our groceries. Id stopped breathing normally. Theres a lot of fear between us that I can't intellectualize away entirely. I dont know what to think. The emotions are enough. Weve a deep and complicated history. One that Id like to keep writing, but I realize on some level that shes gone. Its like some small death. Or maybe a much bigger event than something my mind would like to conceptualize as diminutive. Motherless Child Syndrome?

 To write a memoir The job may not begin tomorrow, but thats when my travel happens. I depart from San Diego Intl airport at 11:45am on Delta, flight 730 to Atlanta where I change planes to flight 798 to Indianapolis . Ive been commissioned to write BJs memoir, Amys grandma, who I used to spend time with as a kid when she shared in the burden of driving us to various practices in her blue Buick Skylark. Over the years, Ive heard bits and pieces of her stories, but nothing like this. Ive done my research. Well, what research I can do from this point in time and place. Ive compiled an extensive list of general questions that Im confident will help flesh out the details. More than anything, this involves active listening. I dont want to over-prepare in fear that my preconceived biases may derail the process from what it is and force it into what I expect. No, Ive never done anything like this before. But I have been writing my own memoirs for ten years now. Wow, in August it will have been ten years. Somehow out of all of that, I feel confident that I will do justice to this womans life. And from what Ive heard so far, hers is a story worthy of documentation. And yes, I have some thoughts about how to structure it. And making a consorted effort to think positive in contrast to what I write about myself. This isnt about confession and penance as it is with my writing. This is a celebration of a life in progress. I want to create a book that inspires admiration. And a book it will be. I did research into how much it would cost to self-publish the document. For 50 copies of a 50 page book, 6x9 in size, will only cost 350 bucks or so. I intend to write this for publication, no matter what scale it may be on. If Im entrepreneurial enough, Ill continue along this thread. If I prove to myself that I can do it properly, with flair. Theres a lot of responsibility in being the author of someones life story.

 Darned ankle keeping me from walking normally today. Im resting it with the assumption that it just needs some down time. But Im afraid (as always, afraid) that I may have done something to it. The workouts? The walk down the pier last night? <> So when I limped into the chest-high waves at the beach today, I didnt last long. The most powerful waves Ive been swimming in for a while. Dodging the impact by diving down to the ocean floor and waiting it out until I surfaced, I still got sucked back into the disorienting swirl. And having only one good (relative) ankle to stand on, I wasnt doing too well. Maybe three minutes into the swim, I decided to head back in before a lifeguard would have to come and fish me out. The waves churned up the floor to where every other step was a hole or an exposed sheet of rock of equally unpredictable surfacing. <> I do better on the sand, soaking up the sun and the lush views of bright sky and under-20 girls ogling Kyle. One of them I caught actually licking her lips while staring at him. I saw her before I saw that it was Kyle, fresh out of the water, who was about to plop down beside me on the blanket. What people must think seeing my fat ass in a bikini sitting with him <> Then again, this dude was lying near us. Now, I only snapped this shot in the hope that Id be able to show yall the nipple rings, not because of his size alone. Sadly, they werent captured properly. Being fat is lovely. Most of us are anyway. All the more credit to him for showing it off at the beach in So Cal. But the piercings? It didnt add up. Lovely day though, yes? <> Im happily browned. Yet still today, Im struggling with the guilt problem. The whole way home, my mind wandered from topic to topic in an attempt to locate the source of it all. What did I do wrong that Im always so worried about? The cat, sure. But intellectually, I know I was pressed to deal with him by locking him outside. I dont live in a barn. Urine in my sheets is not going to happen. <> Its the job hunt. Its the body pains. Its everything that makes me feel defeated at every turn. Its the prevailing attitude that colors all my perceptions. Im fucking up. Slowly, passively blaming myself for it all is my only recourse, my only method of rationalization. It must be a failing of mine that set the stage. <> Think Ill rent a film and ice the wounds. But I have no money and no real desire to leave the house. Maybe Ill just listen to This American Life and pack for my trip. Even my trip is making me feel guilty. For not being here to interview with SLT. For having fun. For being somehow inadequate in the face of the task to write someones memoir. Fraudulence. Maybe thats why I write for this thing each day. To prove my authenticity. <>Im being heard, thats for sure. The sitemeter tells me Im more popular than ever. Im coming up on my 700 th post on this site alone. The compulsion towards confession. Who says the Church isnt a real player in postmodern life? Why, where would psychiatrics be without people like me? Word of the Day: Crunk - a hip-hop hybrid meaning "crazy" and "drunk." Like, "That party was really crunk!"

 Plans to leave town for a job is almost enough to shoo away the depression stemming from a worthless job search. I awoke with the usual heavy feeling of having nothing to do and nothing to show for the past couple of weeks aside from a drained bank account and a tan. GEICO said no, Enterprise said no And Sur La Table called just minutes after Id booked my flight to Indiana , wanting me to meet with the powers that be about an hour before my departure. At least with that situation, the guy sounded really interested in hiring me. Told me to call him as soon as I return to make an appointment to meet with him. My energy is waning. Its demeaning to be rejected by jobs I dont even really want. Discouraging to not even hear back from the jobs for which my education has trained me for. Do I say fuck it and just shoot for retail jobs? Glad I went last night to the pier to remember Mani. It was good to see folks, but I wasnt in the mood to be out very late. I was more excited to get home and into bed, to be able to sleep in this morning without the sounds of construction to wake me at 6am . So it was a fire engine siren that woke me instead. What is this, New York ? Back to the job searching. Now I know what Mr. Orange has been talking about. And Luis and the girls in Austin . One, a degree means nothing. And two, being disabled sure does limit things. The ankle is protesting from the recent activity it has seen.

 Scar-Crossed Lovers (Neko Case - Furnace Room Lullaby, et al) Spoke to Matt just now preparation for the urlLink Pride Parade that kicks off tomorrow morning. The lucky duck is getting to run in the 5k that precedes the parade. While little ol me is relegated to the role of the cripple, unsure of whether the parade route itself will prove too much for my butchered ankle, my scar-ridden back. How did I get so old at only 25? Ive got the vaguely sick feeling in my belly from drinking wine on an empty stomach. Pain is a better diet than any South Beach bullshit. I havent been able to eat a thing today (hard to swallow when supine). Then again, no exercise and a penchant for pain killing (Guerrilla fighter in a Victorian dress that I am) can lend to love handles that do a lot more to my person than just drive the ladies away. Ok, so Im not fat, just squishy. Id like to return to my athletic past, have that tight, fit body that I used to take pride in. Return to being an athlete just enough to pull off an endorphin high once a day. Once a week? And here I am projecting wants into the future when I couldnt even sit up this morning. Im feeling too lazy to write my paper. As much as I like to do good work for Prof. Formo, I really /did/ put this course behind me a couple of months ago. You know, after I fucking graduated? Then again, writing a paper on the evolution of lesbian agency in Woolfs novels wont exactly take much effort. Not now that I have the structure securely framed in my mind. Mrs. Dalloway is trying its best to resurface in this one again, but Im staving it off with all my might. I think Ive done that novel enough. I read some criticism today that posited that Septimus was also gay. Will that fit into a 5-7? No. Was his lover's death in the war the lynchpin to his madness? <>I talked to Matt about getting a new advisor for the Universitys LGBTSO. He agreed. PAH is useless and actually /detracts/ from the purpose of our gathering with his attitude and unwillingness to support us. We have three or four faculty members coming out to march tomorrow, and no one has heard a word from PAH. About Ritchies suicide, about the direction of the group, about a single goddamned thing that doesnt involve being available for the administrative side of signing his name to validate our autonomous pursuits. We have actual /allies/ at CSUSM. Who needs the prig? Prig, in the archaic sense, a fop. Prick if you like. Kyles Loud Patrol rolled in from Arizona this evening. These boys 15 year-olds in the bodies of 25 year-olds. They opened the door, coming in /yelling/ both obscenities at each other and at Kyle who wasnt here. Whatthefuck? Lucky for me, they went out already, leaving a trail of half-emptied suitcases all over my living room behind them. Kyle knows theyre irritating assholes most of the time (yet remains friends with them), so he came into where Im blogging to shut my door and apologize. Sweet of him. Hes so much better than his immature pally-wallys. I dont mind exactly I just know what theyre going to be like when they roll in late tonight with bellies full of liquor. Like, Kelly woke up the neighborhood last time they were out. Throwing a petty tantrum in the parking lot. This may be a condo my father owns, but ITS A CONDO THAT MY FATHER OWNS! The last thing I want is to alienate my neighbors by being a source of drama. And these folks paid a hell of a lot of money to be living here. Like, this isnt a dormitory, however close to the University we may be. How Kyle can stand babysitting them the way he does... Im craving a bowl of soup and a crisp mess of greens to ease into the evening. Maybe Bryan will feel similarly and opt out of the greasy burgroid routine. Some hamachi is always good with me, but I spent $80 today already (after $35 at the pump) on things to right my body and mind. Sushi allotments should be woven into my mental health benefits somehow. Oh, and Im back on the prowl for a massage therapist girlfriend. What?! I have my license too! Reciprocity is the cornerstone of good faith between lovers. God, it felt good to have a pair of warm hands on my body today. Felt like the first time, ladies. True, I giggled when she touched my belly, my face as she pulled the session to a close. But when she put her hand on my chest to connect, I could have lept up into her arms. I miss being a therapist. It's a spiritual high connecting to people like that... relaxing into the intuition of knowing another's body. Oh boy, oh boy. Bryan just called and is heading ova. And Neko is still blaring out of the speakers. What more could a girl want?

 What a drain of a day. By 11am , I was on the floor in tears with a back that seized up on me. And by noon , I was on the phone all over town trying to get in for a massage. Something. Anything to alleviate the pain. And I found someone, $65 + tip later who was so so good, I could have kissed her in thanks. Ill be back, honey. Just as soon as I arrange a way to pay for it. From there, I then sped back up to the 78 to make an appointment with Janice. I hadnt seen her in a month, so we had a lot to choose from to talk about. And it fell upon the PAH scenario for the entire hour. And you know, I feel so much better about it. For how I handled it, for reacting in the first place, and for being able to put it behind me as much as I have so far. Crying in front of him wasnt a concession of power. And yes, hes the asshole for not being more respectful and for not rising above it in order to honor us both. LGBT group pick someone new to advise next term! Manteca , CA is where Delicato boxed wine is from. Im having a glass, and I want to assure you all that its as bad as youd assume, popular opinion be damned. But its cheap and I already bought the thing, so Im a-drink it. Manteca , eh? Doesnt that mean LARD in Spanish? Classy, indeed! Bryan will be off work in a couple of hours, and wed made tentative plans to see each other it has been a long time. I may have blown my wad on a massage, but Im still up for some grub together. But before that, I promised myself that Id get down to work on my paper for Formo. Three (or 4) texts: (Mrs. Dalloway), To the Lighthouse, Orlando, and Between the Acts. Written in that order, and if you follow the thread of lesbian characters, it paints quite a picture of what agency is afforded to them and it parallels what Woolf herself must have been experiencing. So, off to gather quotes for support. Ill write it on Sunday, me thinks.

 What a rousing speech! I havent been this inspired in my life. True, I had my mind made up before the DNC took place. But that was fantastico! Viva, Kerry!! Ive begun work on my revision paper for Formos class. Seems no one in the course spoke to her sexuality in any of their papers! Uh, ok. Ill take it on. I always balk at the idea of writing about something so obviously of interest to me. I feel like a broken record writing from a lesbian or feminist lens. Its too expected from me, you know? The big news of the day I got the job at Sur La Table. I start on Tuesday morning!! Im so thrilled. To prepare, Ive done a little bit in the kitchen tonight to remind myself of my culinary know-how and to bone up on some new sauce techniques. Ive got a mirepoix on the stove, about to be strained and infused with a roux to augment the deglaze that will come from the chicken Im baking. The next question has to be do I warn Claudia that I work there now? I dont think shell come in with that knowledge. But is it too much to contact her in a letter? Is it worth it? Or even more conflicting, do I /not/ tell her in hope that she comes in? She lives right down the street from it. Its inevitability.

 Feeling very Neil Diamond tonight. Got my new velour warm-up jacket on to complement my favourite sweatpants. Theres something about velour that reminds me of the aging crooner. He just looks so COOL all the time! Roxy Music The Main Thing, True to Life A hot shower after a little fuck-me session as a welcome home gift to myself. And as promised, Im feeling incredibly refreshed because of it. Thing is though, I cant get my hands off of myself. Its the jacket. Its too luscious to neglect with hands on a keyboard. Im being undisciplined about getting to the nights homework. I suppose I should give myself a break already and just spend one night alone and doing whatever the hell I do when Im home. Like blog. Watch an old favourite out of the DVD collection. Play with myself. You know, me time. I have some posts I meant to throw up here that I logged on my laptop. Theyll be out of sequence chronologically, but here they are anyway Oh, if I get to posting them tonight. Shee-it, they'll be above this entry, so this explanation is moot. Attn: Elizabeth! New Meat Purveyors album is out!! Wanna go half-sies on it?

 Blogger had been having some problems with file uploads for a little while, so that's the reason behind the boring visuals on el bloggo.&nbsp; But I think all is well now... so, here are some of the Indianapolis pictures: Me and Amy on the lake, limbs up to prevent swelling of injuries. A nice sunset that I almost didn't get in time.&nbsp; It was even cooler a minute before.&nbsp; I was struck by the pillar of light in the center - very amazing image. Amy in Broad Ripple chattin' it up whilst getting a rest. And one more that doesn't want to load right now (I'll try again later)... while on the boat, I took a moment's worth of video so as to be able to recreate the fun of speeding along the lake.&nbsp; Look for a link in the days to come. Well, I'm off to read.&nbsp; Turns out, I have to rewrite a paper for Formo after all.&nbsp; Which means I need to reread a couple of texts to be able to pull something together.&nbsp; More later...&nbsp; About the tennis today.

 A moment of downtime while Amy and Susie go back to St. Vincents to see David now that his knee replacement surgery is over.&nbsp; I was going to go with them and actually was with them earlier when he got out of surgery, but we were held up from seeing him until he was moved to his room.&nbsp; Since Im headed out of here tomorrow morning, I want some time to pack up and unwind. A profitable trip.&nbsp; No, I havent begun the actual writing process of BJs stories.&nbsp; I figured Id wait until I was home and no longer needed to help take care of the house and tend to Amy as she recovers from her surgery.&nbsp; Its enough work to be by her side to anticipate her needs; being up to my neck in a writing project is a little too much for this trip. A little shopping today yielded a stiff and aching back, not to mention an ankle thats needing rest.&nbsp; Amys pain pills are helpful but make me dizzy and prone to break out into a clammy sweat, and my energy as a result is unstable.&nbsp; Coming home just now, I really just needed to lie on the floor and rest, but there was dinner to be made and the inevitable clean up to follow.&nbsp; Its too hard to say no to being as much of a help as I can think to be. My spirits were lifted yesterday upon receipt of an email from the dept chair in regards to the PAH scenario.&nbsp; She called my efforts to apologize to PAH classy and was quick to impress upon me how respectful and responsible my handling of the situation was.&nbsp; That made me feel good; I wasnt having such a good time last week after the last chapter of the mess was relayed to me.&nbsp; Thanks, Prof. Cassel.&nbsp; Off to pack my things.&nbsp; Ill be home late tomorrow night with a sore back and the fatigue of a war-weary nursemaid.&nbsp;

 Thanks for the well-wishes, friends.&nbsp; Being out of my world is a plus this week, having the option to shut out obligations and concerns from my real life.&nbsp; Like everything having to do with school.&nbsp; I made a pact with myself as I went to bed last night, exhausted with my minds proclivity for dragging me back into feeling bad about myself.&nbsp; Im going to finish that class with Mouk and get the hell out of there.&nbsp; And just put it behind me already.&nbsp; Theres no sense in trapping myself in the moments of discomfort.&nbsp; Im not doing myself any favors by holding onto just about anything that went on at that school.&nbsp; Especially the painful parts like Ritchies death and Rallins tantrum and all the social blunders made along the way. Its been a long, long time since Ive allowed myself to start over and really put my hand up to stop the recidivism, the negative thinking that troubles my mind seemingly without end.&nbsp; &nbsp;I did it to my drug life.&nbsp; I did it with Claudia to a large extent.&nbsp; I want to leave school behind me too -&nbsp; At least all this worrying about how I may have failed and all of this trying to maintain good standing between me and my colleagues there when the only interaction I have with them at this late stage of the game takes place in my head.&nbsp; Its not even really happening.&nbsp; Im fighting a bad attitude about myself, not with my reputation. I need a shmoke n a pancake.&nbsp; More later on this jazz-filled, rainy afternoon on the prairie.

 So, I made a move that will provide increased privacy in my bedroom. No, I didnt change the locks on the door. I moved my mattress to the western wall, framed by the window. This proves useful for two reasons: one, I wont wake him or me by kicking the wall that joins us. Two, I wont have to keep the friggin noise down when I rub one out. And three, I have room for a couch in here! Its not the most advisable activity for a body so sore, it had trouble walking down the stairs today. Seriously, I feel like I ran six miles yesterday. The spaces just above my knee on my quads are on fire with latent lactic acid. A long sleep tonight will hopefully restore some of my comfort level, enabling me to do well at work again tomorrow. But first, a bath. And then to put up an Ebay auction for my remaining VHS tapes after giving my favs to Bryan tonight. Anyone want them? Ill post the auction site here.

 Iran Claims Enriched Uranium Part of "Complete Breakfast" _______________________________________________ TEHRAN, IRAN- UN representatives reported over the weekend that they had discovered traces of enriched uranium at a regional power plant, damning evidence of a nascent nuclear program there. US and British officials immediately demanded sanctions against the oil-rich nation while other world leaders waited for an explanation. Iran's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency, Ali Akbar Salehi, says the whole issue is a big misunderstanding, insisting that the whole program is aimed at providing a proper breakfast for every Iranian child. "You discover evidence of enriched uranium and Westerners immediately jump to the conclusion that we're on the hunt for nuclear weapons," said Salehi. "We just happen to be in the process of producing corn flakes enriched with potassium, iron, and yes uranium. It's part of a complete breakfast." According to the Iranian FDA, this "complete breakfast" includes a slice of toast, a canister of mustard gas, and a glass of orange juice laced with weaponized anthrax. On Monday Iranian President Mohammad Khatami ate a bowl of the mysterious green cereal in front of reporters to underscore his enthusiasm with the project. "Mmmm," said Khatami. "Delicious and nutritious." Meanwhile, the Americans don't appear to convinced. They have continued their call for immediate and harsh sanctions against the alternating-ally-and-foe in the US-led war on terror. "If the sanctions don't do anything, what are they going to do next, invade us or something? Yeah, because that worked out so well the last time you guys did that." mused Khatami. State Department representatives are currently reviewing the tape for signs of sarcasm, hard to detect since that sort of mordancy is strictly forbidden in the Koran. Still, former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein's popularity ratings in the capital city are at their highest levels since two-for-one assassination day back in 1987. "That would be the best thing to happen in my political career ever," said Khatami. "In Mr. Bush's own words: Bring it on." In a country ravaged by decades of war and internal strife, children have for too long lost out on basic services. But now Iran's Ministry of Weapons Development and Child Welfare is out to prove that, at least when it comes to nutrition, it does not mess around. "We're proud to say that just one bowl of Khatami Flakes has more than %6,000 the daily recommended amount of enriched uranium," beamed Salehi. As suspicion continues to grow, Iran remains recalcitrant. "If you don't believe us, come have a look," said Khatami defiantly. "I'm sure if there is anything incriminating here, your crack weapons inspectors are bound to find it." Indeed, Iranian officials have agreed to IAEA inspections under accepted "Baghdad Rules" in which UN representatives much call ahead at least one hour prior to all surprise inspections.

 Oh, I hurt. In a good way; I sure deserved this one. 7 hours at the new job busting my hump to make an impression, and that I did. Most there thought I had come down from Sur La Table corporate. Hawhaw NO! I havent worked in 3 years! And sure my body was aching by the last few hours, but not as much as I might have guessed from the load, from the time away from being so active. I did it all today not only the palate breakdowns, but the delegation of duties to others as if Id been an employee there all along. I took charge, I was fun, and I even volunteered for bathroom clean-up before anyone else had thought of it at the end of the day. Boss: Oh, you so get brownie points for that one, Charlotte. So, heres the scoop that all of yall have been asking me: My Discount: its 25%. And there are special employee discount days where I get 40% off. But not on small electronics or knives (or on a couple of other things that hardly matter when you know my kitchen/skills). My Benefits: They dont exist unless Im full-time. Which is what I aimed for, but I dont think Ive secured such a position. I filled it out as if today in my application form. And seeing as though all who have worked there for years knew me by name by the end of the day, Im certain Ill move right into one if not immediately upon hire. The Culinary Program Kitchen: Wolf stove/ovens, SubZero refrigerator, granite, medium-shade wood, stainless fixtures. Its a dream. And yes, Ill have tutorials as an employee. Im so proud of myself at this hour. I did such good work, had such an easily maintained good attitude, and Im happily exhausted tonight. I ate nothing more than a bagel with cream cheese from Panera at lunch, followed tonight by a crisp romaine salad with Annies Goddess Dressing and fresh Julian tomatoes. Tomatoes that I brought over a bag of to my neighbors, the ones who live in the same building (not Jimmy). The ones who I fear see me as a parking Nazi for leaving two notes on cars out there in the lot. Both were polite but suggestive of me wanting to tow them. Both were blunders by them. A peace offering? Perhaps. A general good dead? Yes. Tomorrow I plan to make fresh salsa and marinara sauce with the pounds of fresh, just-picked tomaders that remain on my kitchen counter. After my ankle follow-up MD appt, my back PT/massage appointment, and my Janice PhD appt when I get home. No work for me tomorrow with all the plans Id made for the day already. But full-time hours from there on out to opening day. Mark your calendars August 13 th . Luis didnt mark his calendar, it seems. We had plans to get a hold of each other today, to meet up for fud after my first day of work. Nothing planned aside from a call and to decide from there where wed meet up. But I got the usual phone-turned-off treatment followed by no return call. So I went to Moms house afterward instead. For a couple of cold beers and a chance to unload the energy of the day. And for an allergy attack and the Benedryl to follow because I wasnt exhausted enough and needed runny eyes and a medication stupor to slow me down. Thank god I had something to tax me today! I borrowed a DVD that was sitting on the wedding gift pile at her house. Its Axias and is due to be returned, but I grabbed it anyway. The Girl with the Pearl Earring that my mom and Ax have read the book to. I dont particularly want to see it, but I do want something to zone out to as soon as I finish this post (that I promised to myself that Id put up beforehand). SJ is hot, yes. But am I too tired to get it up? To watch what promises to be a slow film?

