 well, as long as it isn't bashing his own political beliefs, that is.

 Yay! Hey Everyone, if you'll check Jon's blog for yesterday, you'll discover that Jon believes EVERYTHING he reads in the media. Wait, let me correct that cause Jon will get on my case: Jon passes on whatever he reads in the media (including tabloids) and comes across as believing it.

 Dangit, I just don't check this blog often enough! I soooo would have loved to do some special editing to some posts... lets see if i can find them: Jon- - Don't argue too much. Kaiser Blog Nazi Wilhelm Jesse IV will think you're actually upset and begin to get very angry and tell you not to post such things. So when you're explaining to Jamie why exactly he's wrong, at least try to be funny about it. becomes - Don't be mean. We love and honor Kaiser Blog Nazi Wilhelm Jesse IV because he is looking out for our well being and the healthiness of our relationships. We should be courteous when we discuss things so that we don't hurt peoples feelings while we make our point. Jesse was absolutely right in this request, so let's honor it. AND Rebecca: "I hope I do a good job and even if I don't, I bet it's good enough for government work. :) About the pointers - Blog Nazi Jesse won't censor me because he loves me too much. Plus, he likes to flirt with my younger sister and he can't do that if he's angered me. " becomes "I hope I do a good job and even if I don't, I bet it's good enough for government work. :) About the pointers - Blog Nazi Jesse won't censor me because he loves me too much. Plus, my younger sister is in love with him, so I wouldn't say anything to upset him anyway." So yeah, as long as you blog frequently enough, none of your posts get edited. How's THAT for incentive? By the way, i need a major change. Like, not just some random big change, but a change in my major. According to a test I took yesterday in Bio, I suck at that class. Maybe I should switch to communications and do video editing, etc. :)

 Speaking of being random on a random board....

 Amanda, could you at least wait for me to debase and mock you before calling me dumb? I mean, honestly. Who says I was going to "attack [your] character or political affiliations"? You know what happens when you ass-u-me. I'll write more later when I have more time.

 Ok Jon - must you always bring up facts? It is really quite tedious.... :) What makes you think I'm not in the Bush camp? I am and quite firmly.... so that makes two based on my previous comments about Amanda...sorry.... As far as my sister I should have been more specific about which younger sister Jesse flirts with. Allison is the lucky winner of his flirtatious comments however, Karen is the one that you know and she is doing well. She's currently a junior at Kutztown, studying telecommunications. Really likes what she is studying and also enjoys the challenge of being a Christian at a public school. I have her e-mail if you wanted to know more about what she's up to but I won't bore people about someone they don't even know....although it is supposed to be random - would updating someone on a stranger qualify as random or just annoying? I'm choosing to ignore the Republican comment (based on the fact that a Democrat I know of didn't know about the definition of the word "is". Granted, it is a tricky word, easily confused with sooo many other two-lettered words.) The objectivity thing is a good question and as I'm really tired right now, I can't do it justice. With that disclaimer, I would lean to the side that it doesn't exist save in things that are factual. But then we get off into another whole philosophical discussion about the true nature of reality (kinda Plato-esque discussion as seen in his analogy of people watching shadows on a wall and thinking it is real life....that was Plato right? Please objectively correct my errors of fact if you chance upon one ;) ) I must go to bed....very sleepy and I still want to read my most recent book purchase - DESIRING GOD by John Piper. Has anyone read it? What did you think of it? It was recommended to me by no less than 3 people so I decided to begin it. Really begin to get into it at the beach last week - really insightful stuff. I think the guy is on to something.....

 Jon, sometimes you're dumb. That's all I have to say. I will not respond to any attacks upon my character or political affiliations for any of these remarks. So there. (Don't take it personally)

 I like Bush so bite me. Attack me if you will, but I shall not be moved. I shall not, I shall not be moved. I shall not, I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the riiiiiiiiiveeeeer. Iiiiiiii shall nooooott bbeeeeeeee mmoooooooooooooooooooooooooooveD. I'm actually not a complete political idiot. (Bec says it's due to her "tutelage." I say she should shouldn't tutelage in polite company.)

 Uxorious was Dictionary.com's Word of the Day for Monday September 29, 2003. "I've hared taht you can mix up the ltetres in a wrod and as lnog as the fsrit and lsat lertets are the smae, you can sltil raed it." That's really freakin' funny. Speaking of your sister, how is she doing? Still doing the whole video thing? According the Associated Press, as of July 19th, "Since President Bush launched his bid for re-election on May 16, his campaign has raised at least $41.4." Hmm. That's a lot of money for someone to win an unopposed primary. And it's great that you tell Amanda how to vote - now we have another one in the Anyone But Bush camp! :) And grammar, pronunciation, and syntax don't matter for you - you work for a Republican. I would base objectivity on the definition of it - "Uninfluenced by emotions or personal prejudices." I think it doesn't exist. Does anyone disagree with me?

 Forget C words. This is the best word EVER: uxorious \uk-SOR-ee-us; ug-ZOR-\, adjective: Excessively fond of or submissive to a wife. It is batty to suppose that the most uxorious of husbands will stop his wife's excessive shopping if an excessive shopper she has always been. --Angela Huth, "All you need is love," [1]Daily Telegraph, April 24, 1998 :) I'm going to have Matt tatoo it on his arm.

 have all you lovely readers gone to my personal blog and educated yourselves on African Politics? if not go now and see the history you have missed!

 Let me just say that I had this blog entry all done and then somehow I screwed up and lost it.....go me!!! Please ma'am step away from the computer. But here goes try #2. Jon - Thanks for the permission to waste your money.... I hope I do a good job and even if I don't, I bet it's good enough for government work. :) About the pointers - Blog Nazi Jesse won't censor me because he loves me too much. Plus, he likes to flirt with my younger sister and he can't do that if he's angered me. As for spelling, I've hared taht you can mix up the ltetres in a wrod and as lnog as the fsrit and lsat lertets are the smae, you can sltil raed it. What do you think......seems to work for some people all the time. :) About Bush, I think you're are assuming something.... I don't remember him announcing that he is running for a second term. :) Oh, about your statement, "Objectivity is a myth." I don't think that I can answer that because objectivity means different things to different people. How do you mean it in this instance? If I know that maybe I can give you my opinion or maybe not.... Kairsie - I'm not sure if you are the only one on this blog who doesn't know me but that's OK. I'm connected through Amanda who has been a best friend of mine since high school. We are very different types of people but I love her for it. She gets on my case because of my bad grammar (such as when I pronounce the word "nuclear" wrong) and I get on her for knowing next to nothing about things political. I have to tell her how to vote..... it gives me a little power trip, mini-dictator Bec.

 oh wait... Swing Kids was set in Germany... oh yeah, the nazi's hmmmmm well they did say they were sorry.

 thats right, raise your voice, sacrifice yourself, and lower your weapons. Thats what im talkin about. Its time for a new president - or a real long trip to germany.

 As Jon plugs his ears and starts singing "Potty Mouth" by Danielson Famile at the top of his lungs... this blog is a degenerative den of wickedness and evil. Shauna, you need to call me. I don't have your phone number in your new dorm room. Or e-mail me. Either way. But soon, like as in today.

 Just finished writing a paper about the film Swing Kids, if you have never seen it you should watch it, anyway, i thought this was a good quote from it so i am going to share it with you. "We must all take responsiblity for what is happening in out country. If those of us who have a voice do not raise it in outrage at the treatment of our fellow human beings we will have collaborated in their doom."

 so i have been doing some studying this very early morning for my african politics test and well if you wanna learn something, go read my blog, but warning, it is quite long and educational!!

 5... Prayer blog? he he are you joking? praying is supposed to be done in your closet - not for the whole world to see. but seriously, if youve got prayer concerns or whatever, you can certainly voice them here. We can get serious for a bit if necissary. Actually it would be pretty random to be serious for a piece.

 oh... and on my 4th post now... BTW... jon & jamie your previous discussion about cookies is boring - get a life. It was all a freakin misunderstanding. The only discount i need when cookies are involved, is the "Two Finger" discount.

 As the light changed from red to green to yellow and back to red again, I sat there thinking about life. Was it nothing more than a bunch of honking and yelling? Sometimes it seemed that way. --Jack Handy Deep Thoughts

 there you go acting all bigotted about who can and can't live in your freakin country. Well if you don't like it than you can leave mentality. Dag thats so red-neck. You mutant mardy minty Meat-head. "This was not an act of terrorism, but it was an act of WAR" --George W. Bush hmmmm not an act of terrorism? hmmm ok Ninety eight percent of the adults in this country are decent, hardworking, honest Americans. It's the other lousy two percent that get all the publicity. But then, we elected them. --Lily Tomlin People freakin gave their life so we could complain. And now you want to take that "God given" right away from us? Well is it worth fighting for, or dying for? So I will fight and picket for my girl to be able to make any statement she wants about Bush, and on top of that, you will sit there and listen to it! OR ELSE. OR ELSE or else you can ummm move to freakin Germany. now see if you can tell when im sarcastic and when im not ha... This country is going to hell in a handbasket, and what we really need is change. I vow that if I get into office, everything will freakin change - and then well.... hmmmm .... then it will be.... ah hmmmm .... well better! hughgggghhhh.... well glad I got that out of my system... my wife would have my neck for using the word "freakin" so much, but I sort of like to use it... so as long as shes not listening hehe :)

 if shauna ever gets elected to anything, im gonna freakin leave the planet. wow.

 "...And if Bush gets re-elected, I'm moving to Germany." Kairsie, i am by no means a avid Bush supporter, but honestly, people making statements like that is really frustrating. many people had made that statement when Bush got elected, they were going to move to another country, and guess what, they are still here. I personally believe if an individual is going to make a statement like that then they damn well better follow through! too many times people make that type of statement lightly, in an effort to show how supportive (or unsupportive depending on your perspective) they are and that they are truly serious about what they believe etc. but in the end, it just shows that they really are not as convicted about the cause as they want everyone to think, because the thing they said they were gonna do, yeah they didn't do it.... so if come November we see Bush get re-elected, shall i come over and help you pack for your new life over in Germany? I don't mean to sound harsh, but that statement is one of my pet peeves!! i mean if you truly are going to do what you say then good, if not, then don't say it at all...

 Am I the only person who does not know Bec? .....probably. Actually, despite the apperance of this blog, it's *SUPPOSED* to be completly random and senseless. Jamie and Jon decided to over-throw it....so we just kinda deal with it. ::ponders if the "bad spelling and grammar" comment made by Jon is affiliated with me:: ::shrugs:: ...And if Bush gets re-elected, I'm moving to Germany.

 Jon, i am so proud!! you said Bloke!! :)

 Bec, it's OK to waste our tax dollars. Every dollar that goes to you is a dollar that didn't go to kill some poor bloke in Iraq or Afghanistan or any of the myriad other nations my tax dollars have helped decimate. By the way, welcome to our discussion. Just some pointers: - Don't argue too much. Kaiser Blog Nazi Wilhelm Jesse IV will think you're actually upset and begin to get very angry and tell you not to post such things. So when you're explaining to Jamie why exactly he's wrong, at least try to be funny about it. - Be prepared for this blog to stagnate for long periods of time. It will come back. - Watch your spelling and grammar. Especially if you are complaining about someone else's blatant ignorance of the English language. (And yes, I know that was a sentence fragment.) - Vote Anyone But Bush in 2004 And I think that should do it. So based on what you've said about worldviews, would you agree with the statement "Objectivity is a myth."? Just curious.

 Actually Mandi - I figured it out all by myself and will no longer be needing your services. The thought of "taking advantage" hadn't even entered my innocent mind but now a seed has been planted.... And, since we are on the topic of my name (which really isn't a big deal - having five siblings I've learned to respond to almost anything, usually unkind....) I feel some clarification is needed.... Mandi is right in that she calls me Bec, much of the world calls me Becky BUT my aunt and grandfather call me Becca and I use Rebecca when signing my name. So there you have it - in case you were interested. Jamie - the worlview thing - I agree with you that knowing someone's tendency to either the left or right side of the political continuum does not necessarily determine their party. (Is that what you were saying?) However, that wasn't my point. I simply meant that for anyone, your worldview will be evident in/effect every area of life, political affliations included. I remember in one of poli-sci classes in college we were to write our worldview and test it against a current political problem. It was one of the most rewarding assignments I've ever done. You all should try it. Maybe we can grade them then and determine if your worldview passes. ;) Gotta get back to work - I'm wasting all your tax dollars....

 Before I begin, let me just establish that this is, in fact, me. The one and only. Man...I hope Bec doesn't take advantage of having my blog password. It's bad enough knowing that Jesse can "edit" my posts.... Anyway, Jamie: It's Becky, not Becca. But really, it's Bec. Others: Okay...so here's a pretty random thing that happened to me this week. My dad set me up on a date.....and it WASN'T with Matt! :) Okay...so it wasn't a date AT ALL, but it still cracks me up. My dad is such a nut. So anyway, I went to this Justice & Mercy banquet last night at Yoders (Man, I am totally NOT a dutchy-food lovin' kind of girl!), and I thought it was going to be totally boring. It was, however, quite informative, and even enjoyable. FYI Bec- I was in the room with many-a-politician...maybe some of their politicalishness has soaked in. :) Perhaps there is hope for me yet! :) I LOVE the word "catastrophe!" ...and catastrophic is even more fun to say! Oh, by the way....I'm baaaaaack. You may now rejoice with overwhelming gladness. :) Oh, and....I'M GOING TO BOSTON! I'M GOING TO BOSTON! I'm so excited, because I'M GOING TO BOSTON!

 caveat, cozen

 Well, unless I am mistaken, I believe the post below by 'Bec' was the first of hers on this fair blog of ours. I'd like to be the first to extend a welcome to our new neighbor on the block. However, I had to look twice as it appeared our new neighbor busted on our blog as well as on our ears, which as far as mine go, cetainly are not deaf. :) So, welcome to the block, Becca, and we would welcome anything you have to add to our discussion. By the way, Becca, it was nice to meet you the other week at Zion. You and your family are, or course, welcome at any time. In response to your post, I would make a small distinction....I would argue that being a political conservative is not an "affiliation". It is quite differnt then being a Republican or Libertarian or something. I would rank being a political "conservative" or "liberal" as a bit higher then a given party affiliation. I have yet to decide what part it plays in my worldview.

 Kelly, i was going list Conspicuous consumption... :) yay for Sociology type terms!

 I've been wanting to respond to whole bunch of the things you all said on this sucker of a blog but didn't..... it takes alot of time I think and I'm not sure that it is always worth it because I don't want to just spew forth and have it fall on deaf ears.....wow, run on. This is Bec not Amanda just so you all know.... can't figure out why I can't work the blog on my computer at work....any suggestions? Anyway - that's not important now.... I think Jamie and Jon (although I know very little about either of you) that you really hit on some key points in the political debate and ones that are NEVER going to be resolved. And, honestly, do we really want them to? It is sooo much fun to disagree! :) But the key I think is the worldview thing that you briefly hit on Jamie. I think that political affiliations are the result of your worldview not a worldview in itself. A worldview (sick of the word yet?) is a framework through which you filter your world. It is intensely individual and above categorizing. In a way, it takes your empirical world and runs it through your normative framework to see how things line up. Anyway - simply my humble opinion - take it or leave it. It is frustrating to me to see inconsistency in people's worldviews even though there are some in my own. For example, the issue of human life. I am deeply committed to the principle of protecting the innocent life of the unborn but don't find such vehemence in myself when it involves the capital punishment of an innocent individual. Maybe it is the incapablity of the unborn to defend themselves but when it occurs to an adult I kinda think, "Wow, that's a bummer. But win some lose some.....". Almost embarrassed to write it.... more later maybe but my hands are too cold to type....perhaps time to turn the heat on....

 Conspicuous consumption...

 Confluence. Coda. Comeuppance. And Jamie, I never leveled charges of racism. There's that projection again. I simply pointed out bigoted actions. Apparently it was problematic enough for the university to shut it down. I never said that these students were bigoted or racist rednecks. I said that their actions gave the appearance of that. There's a big difference. I'm sure they had the best of intentions. But there are better ways of making a point so that you don't alienate the very people you allegedly are trying to help. I never said that I support affirmative action. I think this cookie sale provides a good jumping off point for having that discussion. I'm working on it, but haven't finished it enough to post it on my blog. Oh, BTW, thanks for the link to Dennis Kucinich's home page. I'd been looking for that. :)

 Oh yeah, good point j-dawg. And there is, of course, no reason that I'd like to know what you or my other friends back home would want prayer for... cuz it's not like I pray for you or anything...

 Prayer blog would definitly be a bad idea, because I don't think God has Internet access...The cost of wireless access is just too expensive.

 I've learned that I really like "c" words, like contiguous, codify, and Christendom. Does anyone else have some good "c" words? What is YOUR favorite "c" word?

 oh, and do you or do you not want a prayer blog?

 Are you guys done being defensive yet? Cuz I'm sure it would be more productive to move on to the next topic of debate. How do you feel about the fact that Arnie is running for the California governor position, and about the fact that he might actually win?

 Jon....I disagree with your logic in in the following instances... Your post said, ....they "instead just looked like bigoted idiots." You assume that because 1 black student filed a complaint, that somehow that clearly gives proof of racism... Hardly. It gives reason to examine it closer, but not proof. Because someone thought it does not make it true. "And were they Republican? Who else in Texas would be considered a "Young Conservative"? " - Jon....there are quite a few people who are conservative that are not Republican. There are also quite a few people that call themselves Republican that ARE NOT conservatives. In this story, it is possible that many of them happened to be registered Republican, but to assume that it was a group of Republicans is incorrect. Being a Republican is simply a political affiliation. Conservatism could almost be called a world view...Hmmm, actually, I will have to think about that statement...would political "conservatism" and "liberalism" be termed "world views". Maybe they are parts of my world view...Hmmm, interesting question....thoughts anyone? What is the definition of a "world view"? Can I have more then one "world view"? "Yes, I know that statement doesn't identify the party affiliations of the SMU students, but it clearly paints the picture." This is exactly the reasoning you disagree with in your statement: "This is where that whole "projection" thing comes into play. Read my post. Did I ever say they were white?" No, you didn't "say" it , but my friend you didn't have to....it came through loud and clear. No, Jon, I didn't miss the entire point of your post, rather I responded to the underlying assumptions that I read in your post. I was responding to this paragraph... "And people wonder why I'm a registered Democrat. The Young Conservatives of Texas organized the sale as a protest of affirmative action, but instead just looked like bigoted idiots." I didn't race to defend affirmative action. I admit, I did allow my view of affirmative action to creep in at one point, but that was not the purpose for my reply. Rather, I wanted to challenge the view that somehow one is a bigot if one questions the policy of affirmative action. When I read the post, it said to me that if you disagree with affirmative action as the way to fix the racial problems we have in this country that some how it makes you a racial bigot. I don't know if affirmative action is the best way to solve racial injustices in our country. Show me that it is and I'll probably support it, but at this point, the point has not been proved to me. In fact, I wonder if it doesn't hurt more then helps... And finally, the following quote from Jon's blog: "Rush agrees with it, so it must be right!" I never thought I'd see the day....!!! ;-) I'll get back to you with the answer to your other question just as soon as I can find my calculator....

 MMMMmmmmm i want some cookies!!

 Kristen, it's not my fault that these blogs all died from lack of commitment from their owners. They just don't care enough about you to tell you what's going on with them. :)

 I don't get it Jesse, why are you killing people?

 Mmm... cookies... As for my sister (who apparently has a very hard time collecting her thoughts into one post within 8 minutes but instead splits them into four instead of simply editing her previous post)... you can feel free to use my scanner if you can figure out how to get it working again. We haven't been using it at home (unless our mother and father have begun scanning your baby pictures and plastering them all over the internet again), maybe you should ask dad if you can take it to your house while I'm not there. No problem with the format change... I know it was a simple thing, but I take joy in being able to figure such things out when I know so little about HyperText Markup Language... I might have a friend tutor me in programming, and then I'm sure I'll get all sorts of computer languages mixed up! Ich habe tu madre. Blogger Death Toll: Carrie n Becky Jeff (?) Amanda Kairsie And the funeral march plays on... who is next? Could it be.... YOU?

 Well, maybe in Jon's spare time he could make a copy of the Mexico trip video for me. I've wanted that for years, I've even offered to pay. Any help? I could bake you cookies :)

 I don't see much scanning and burning in your future, Amanda. Sorry. Unless you ask really nicely. And you can tell your timid, grammatically challenged friend that he or she is welcome to post here, we only mock those we love and care about.

 Or maybe Jonnyboy will scan and burn them for me at ACTV, since he never does any work anyway? Just kidding, Jon. About the not working part, not the scan/burning part.

 Dude. I desperately need some new pics on my site...but alas, I haven't a scanner and the pics I want aren't digital. And my bro is far, far away in the land of Michigonia....perhaps he will let me use his anyway and burn the pics onto a cd?

 But seriously, I know for a fact that there are people who would like to contribute to this blog but don't for fear of being made fun of for grammar or spelling mistakes. Besides....did you completely miss the point of Bec's entry (As for spelling, I've hared taht you can mix up the ltetres in a wrod and as lnog as the fsrit and lsat lertets are the smae, you can sltil raed it)?

 Jon: I knew you wouldn't be able to resist.

 Yay... now it's easier to read. Thanks Jesse. And Amanda, isn't it much more fun when we do point out misspellings (with two Ss) and grammatical errors?

 Jon.... RE: And why didn't more people disagree with my Treatise on the History and Policies of Major American Political Parties? I guess we need to wait until Jamie comes back from benchwarming. Why? Because I'm too exhausted to read it. You make me tired sometimes. :)

 Okay, kids. Let's start a new blogging trend. Let's NOT attack each other for typos and mispellings. I'll start. Right now I'm officially not bringing attention to a typo I just saw. See, it's that easy.

 Jesse: not fish, rice...... sake Variant(s): or saki /'s-kE/ Function: noun Etymology: Japanese sake Date: 1687 : a Japanese alcoholic beverage of fermented rice usually served hot

 That's really funny, Bec. But clearly, clearly, Ralph Nader was correct in his position. Kaiser Wilhelm Jesse IV, do you think you could go to the trouble of modifying the template so that the name of who is posting appears at the TOP of the post? That way you don't need to scroll down, read who posted it, and then scroll back up again. And why didn't more people disagree with my urlLink Treatise on the History and Policies of Major American Political Parties ? I guess we need to wait until Jamie comes back from benchwarming.

 Just passing along something that gave me a good laugh....long but I think it is worth it.... WHY DID THE CHICKEN CROSS THE ROAD? GEORGE W. BUSH We don't really care why the chicken crossed the road. We just want to know if the chicken is on our side of the road or not. The chicken is either with us or it is against us. There is no middle ground here. AL GORE I invented the chicken. I invented the road. Therefore, the chicken crossing the road represented the application of these two different functions of government in a new, reinvented way designed to bring greater services to the American people. RALPH NADER The chicken's habitat on the original side of the road had been polluted by unchecked industrialist greed. The chicken did not reach the unspoiled habitat on the other side of the road because it was crushed by the wheels of a gas-guzzling SUV. PAT BUCHANAN To steal a job from a decent, hard-working American. RUSH LIMBAUGH I don't know why the chicken crossed the road, but I'll bet it was getting a government grant to cross the road, and I'll bet someone out there is already forming a support group to help chickens with crossing-the-road syndrome. Can you believe this? How much more of this can real Americans take? Chickens crossing the road paid for by their tax dollars, and when I say tax dollars, I'm talking about your money, money the government took from you to build roads for chickens to cross. MARTHA STEWART No one called to warn me which way that chicken was going. I had a standing order at the farmer's market to sell my eggs when the price dropped to a certain level. No little bird gave me any insider information. JERRY FALWELL Because the chicken was gay! Isn't it obvious? Can't you people see the plain truth in front of your face? The chicken was going to the "other side." That's what they call it -- the other side. Yes, my friends, that chicken is gay. And, if you eat that chicken, you will become gay too. I say we boycott all chickens until we sort out this abomination that the liberal media whitewashes with seemingly harmless phrases like "the other side." DR. SEUSS Did the chicken cross the road? Did he cross it with a toad? Yes, The chicken crossed the road, But why it crossed, I've not been told! ERNEST HEMINGWAY (my personal favorite....) To die. In the rain. Alone. MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. I envision a world where all chickens will be free to cross roads without having their motives called into question. GRANDPA In my day, we didn't ask why the chicken crossed the road. Someone told us that the chicken crossed the road, and that was good enough for us. BARBARA WALTERS Isn't that interesting? In a few moments we will be listening to the chicken tell, for the first time, the heart-warming story of how it experienced a serious case of molting and went on to accomplish its life-long dream of crossing the road. JOHN LENNON Imagine all the chickens crossing roads in peace. ARISTOTLE It is the nature of chickens to cross the road. KARL MARX It was a historical inevitability. SADDAM HUSSEIN This was an unprovoked act of rebellion and we were quite justified in dropping 50 tons of nerve gas on it. VOLTAIRE I may not agree with what the chicken did, but I will defend to the death its right to do it. RONALD REAGAN What chicken? SIGMUND FREUD The fact that you are at all concerned that the chicken crossed the road reveals your underlying sexual insecurity. BILL GATES I have just released eChicken 2003, which will not only cross roads, but will lay eggs, file your important documents, and balance your checkbook - and Internet Explorer is an inextricable part of eChicken. ALBERT EINSTEIN Did the chicken really cross the road or did the road move beneath the chicken? BILL CLINTON I did not cross the road with THAT chicken. What do you mean by chicken? Could you define chicken, please? THE BIBLE And God came down from the heavens, and He said unto the chicken, "Thou shalt cross the road." And the chicken crossed the road, and there was much rejoicing. COLONEL SANDERS I missed one?

 When I have a kid, I'm gonna make up a name (like mine) and tell everyone the meaning of the name is "God's little raver" or "God's little punk rocker" or something like that

 Jesse - thanks for the crash course in political philosophy. I think I heard Locke and Rousseau mentioned once or twice during my FOUR YEARS of studying political science.... As far as the independent comment, you missed my point. Thankfully, Jon picked it up. I was referring to the fact that in the primaries you, depending on the state you are registered in, are subject to the stipulations of a closed, open or blanket primary. I like to vote in the primary as I feel it is hypocritical of me to not vote, so I registered with a party. So there you have it...

 Bec, correct me if I'm putting words in your mouth. I believe what she was referring to, Jesse, is the fact that a registered independent disenfranchises his or herself in the primary. Some people really like to vote in primaries, and opening them up as a free-for-all would not work at all because you'd have a bunch of Republicans going out and voting for Al Sharpton in the primary just to watch him get trashed by Bush in '04. It's actually the independently minded thinkers that determine who wins most elections. Nationwide, our country is has a fairly equal percentage of people who vote straight party ticket for both Republicans and Democrats. These votes effectively cancel each other out. That means that those who aren't entrenched in party politics are determining the elections. But a registered independent still doesn't get to vote in the primaries. Way to go with busting out the political philosophers around at the start of the Revolution. Most impressive. I think Rousseau was full of crap, though, believing that personal property is the root of all social evils. Man's intrinsic sinfulness is the root of all social evils. You can take away my ability to own anything, and I will still be a sinful man acting in sinful ways. Christian's, I believe, should move towards the direction of forsaking all material claims (not that I have already achieved this, because I haven't...). But the entire world can't, and even if we did, we wouldn't solve anything. The concept of ownership and dominion comes from God. GE 1:28 God blessed them and said to them, "Be fruitful and increase in number; fill the earth and subdue it. Rule over the fish of the sea and the birds of the air and over every living creature that moves on the ground." GE 1:29 Then God said, "I give you every seed-bearing plant on the face of the whole earth and every tree that has fruit with seed in it. They will be yours for food. [30] And to all the beasts of the earth and all the birds of the air and all the creatures that move on the ground--everything that has the breath of life in it--I give every green plant for food." And it was so. And it was so. And then we owned stuff.

 I wonder how many girls pretend to like sports just to spend "quality" time with their boyfriends? I hate how blogger and google and somehow easily confusable in my mind, resulting in mistyped URLs when going to either. If you can't tell, i'm in a very bloggery mood tonight. This is caused by one thing, which I will number for the sake of absurdity (sake is also a Japanese alcohol made from fish): 5. I'm avoiding the commencement of writing my history paper. I'm going to bed now. After I do pushups. And talk to my sister. And put on music.

 Quoting Rebecca: "3. If being an independent wasn't so useless and limiting, I think I would be one." Maybe a correct revision of this statement would read as follows: "If independents in America weren't so insecure and cowardly, they might have power." How many other people feel exactly the same way you do, Bec? How many other people would vote independently and break out of the supposedly inescapable bipartisan system if they knew they were supported by a multitude (plethora, menagerie- Just for Kelly so she still reads the RG) of like-minded people? It was said about slavery, ecological conservation, and SpongeBob Squarepants that it begins with one person, one voice, one small viral cell among millions of white t-cells. What has this theory brought to our country? Slavery is now abolished, though it was said that it could never be done (and some believe that our capitalist society is just as bad, but we'll put that aside for now.). Ecological conservation, though not having been fully acheived, is now a common topic of discussion and American thought. (I just realized I hate the word American. I also realized that I may be ruining my point with all these parenthetical sidenotes) And SpongeBob? Well, SpongeBob is SpongeBob, and he lives in a pineapple under the sea. So why can't it be possible to breakfree of the mindset that an independent vote is flushed down the drain? Also, you guys talk about the belief of minimalist government like the republicans or democrats are the first to present this idea. I think you need to consult the ideas of the French philosophe Jean-Jacques Rouseau and the English theorist John Locke. Both believed that, when it comes to government, "less is more." Rouseau also proposed the idea that "personal property is the root of all social evils." I find this statement highly intriguing and somewhat appealing. Could it be that if there were no property, "social evils" would be abolished? Thinking about such a thing would require quite a stretch of the imagination, ya? Now this may seem communist, but I think if you can think about it the way I'm thinking about it, it's not. No personal property, not even belonging to the government (which Rouseau proposes would be unnecessary.). A possible qualm with this theory, though, is that we, as humans, somehow have an innate need for ownership. We feel that it is our right to own something . But this could easily be chalked up to a cultural theme, something bestowed upon us by our parents and society. Nature vs. Nurture if you will.

 Jon - couple of things which will in no way deal thoroughly with the issue you brought up but popped up into my head while reading it.... 1. You are using President Bush as the one and only example of Republican thought. I think that is a mistake. True he does hold the highest position that a member of either party can aspire to but it doesn't thereby follow that he entails the entire belief system of that party. I interact with Republicans (some politicians, some not) on a daily basis who find the same inconsistency that you do in the Patriot Acts, NCLB legislation, etc. and they are frustrated too. 2. Political parties, if you go back in history, were created in order to help candidates win elections. (That is one of the reasons that their formation was feared by some of our "founding fathers"... man.... I hate that term!) That is still their purpose today. Therefore, they are going to lean (with in reason) to the side that they determine will yield them the most votes. Example, the Patriot Acts. The thought behind them was to protect the U.S. which was a very popular idea in the year or so following 9/11 (despite the appearance of public opinion today). So with an eye on the 2002 elections, the acts were introduced. Politicians will frequently soften their ideals if it means getting re-elected. Perhaps cynical, but true. And I don't think that it is limited to one party or the other. 3. If being an independent wasn't so useless and limiting, I think I would be one. It happens fairly frequently at my job that people ask me what party I am from. I rarely tell them what party I am from only that I am conservative. They assume (rightly) that I am a Republican. I think that they also think that that means Republican first, then conservative when in all actuality it is the reverse.

 Go RED SOX!!!! Yankees STINK!!!

 A Treatise on the History and Policies of Major American Political Parties. Jeff, I must correct you. Not in a effort to get you to change your voting habits, but simply because you and many others are misinformed. You said "[S]maller less intrusive government is better government - thats a clearly republican idea - and sort of the reason that America was invented." That is actually not clearly a Republican idea. In today's political climate, most Republicans present themselves as supporters of small government and big business. Looking at our countrys history paints a different picture. According to Encarta, Democrats argued that the national government should do nothing the states could do for themselves, and the states nothing that localities could do. The partys supporters in this period included groups as diverse as southern plantation owners and immigrant workers in northern cities. They all had in common a dislike of government intervention in their lives. The Democrats opponents, the Whigs, on the other hand, believed in using governmental power to promote, regulate, correct, and reform. Thats a Democratic idea. States rights were actually one of the major causes of the Civil War. Democrats argued (against the Republican party of Abraham Lincoln) that each state should be given the choice of whether or not slavery should be legal in their jurisdiction, in addition to a myriad other things states should maintain authority over. Less government intrusion in everyday life. One can debate for an eternity who was right in this case, its irrelevant. What matters in our discussion is which party was arguing for what. Since the ear of the New Deal, however, the party has been hijacked into a purveyor of big government and high taxes. You can see that the stance of a party changes over time, so party allegiance is somewhat handicapping to an individual, because what that party stands for will change over time. All this is simply a history lesson, though, and it could be argued that this has little to do with the current state of affairs. So lets talk about today. Modern Republicans have successfully presented themselves as fiscally conservative politicians who are only there to serve and want to make the government smaller and give more rights to people. This spin doesnt match up with reality. Who sponsored the PATRIOT Act, parts I and II? Republicans. Do these acts encroach on civil liberties? Clearly. Which party has taken the stance that dissent is terror? Republicans. No Child Left Behind? Interesting idea, but its big government interfering in the affairs of a state, and its put forth by a Republican president. Which party is supporting wire-taps on American citizens without the need for a court order? You get the picture. Republicans currently arent giving me or my state any more rights, they are making a larger, more intrusive government. And lets look at taxes. People love to tout Bushs tax cuts, Hes giving our money back to us. But thats not really true. What hes doing is giving your childrens money to you. When President Bush came into office, the government had done something unimaginable. It had turned a profit. President Clinton, for all of his many shortcomings and failures, had managed to put the budget in such a shape that we had a $230 billion surplus. President Bush managed to turn that into a $500 billion deficit in just a few short years. How? By cutting your taxes. Well, thats a good thing, right? Not really. That $500 billion isnt going to just appear out of thin air. Someone is going to have to pay it. Democrats take money out of our pockets. Republicans take money out of our childrens pockets. That check you got in the mail from the IRS, Jeff? Maria will have to pay it back. With compounded interest. Because President Bush didnt cut spending. If he would do that, I would cheer. But hes increased the Pentagons budget (why?). And hes spending $167 billion (on top of the deficit!) to fight a war that most of this country and most of the world opposes. Is that a smaller, less intrusive government that leaves more money in the hands of its citizens? No. Democrats used to leave my money alone. Now they take my money and do (arguably) good things with it, social programs, etc. Republicans used to take my money. Now they take my childrens money and use it to kill people.

 You are assuming, Jon, that this blog was included in my "polite company" reference. Perhaps I was just giving Amanda a good life principle about how to behave when in the presence of polite company. :)

 Anybody know how Jamie's doing with his knee? I got to see my sister Anne Marie's ACL surgury on video. It looked like crab meat.

 Did you know that some people pronounce words like mitten and button with a glottal stop, and some people with a t-flap, and some with an aspirated t? (For those of you who are phonetically illiterate, a glottal stop is used when you say uh-oh, the glottal stop being where the hyphen is.)

 I think the people of CA have every right to recall Davis. True, they knew how long his term was scheduled to be when they elected him, but they also knew they had the option to get rid of him through a recall if he turned really bad, which it seems he did.

 Bec, do you see any polite company around here? I mean, c'mon....

 Maybe you meant ascetic, Amanda? Is Rep. Rohrer an ascetic? That would be interesting.

 All right Mandi and Jon - OUCH! Really I can handle it that you don't like the website I designed...really. It doesn't hurt a bit. It is an extremely rude comment and one not easily forgotten. It is extremely unfortunate that you don't recognize Q-U-A-L-I-T-Y when you see it. But I will forgive you in time............. OK you're forgiven because I have nothing to do with the website... big shocker considering I can't even figure out how to create a link in my post. But seriously - our chief of staff works on it when he gets the chance which isn't very often. There is one provided by the majority caucus which is better ( urlLink www.samrohrer.com ) (darn I'm good! ) but we can't put anything campaign related on it so we created an alternative one. If anyone wants to help out with the crappy one (you know, as a campaign donation... ;) ) that'd be fantastic, just let me know. And Amanda dear, you really shouldn't go volunteering people... it isn't done in polite company.

 Ok guys, seriously, do you realize how offensive the term "nazi" is? I realize ya'll are doing it in a joking manner but it's really one of the harshest terms around (yes I realize that's an opinion) But go see Shindlers' list or American History X and see if you can bare call someone a nazi.

 oops...i meant aestetically pleasing.

 Yeah, Rep. Rohrer's site isn't all that aestetic. Perhaps Jamie D. should design a new site? :)

 Would it be rude if I said Sam's website was ugly? Just checking...

 Aha! I found eet!!! I want to see if it works. urlLink www.samrohrer.org I feel like a major success in this aspect of computering.... ;) My computer at home was different so perhaps that is why?

 Shauna- Yes, Boston misses us. I'm sure of it. The Sox even won their game yesterday in an effort to persuade us to come back. :)

 What version of IE (Internet Explorer) are you running, Bec? Blogger's current version is designed to run on IE 6 or higher. If you are running that, you should be able to look at the "Post & Publish" button, look to the left a few buttons, you'll see an I , a B , and then the globe with a link. That's the hyperlink button. (Soon to come - A Treatise on Party Politics in America. Stay tuned!)

 hehe very good Jesse, i hoped someone was gonna point it out, be the grammar Nazi :)

 Jeff - I tried to redo the link "just for practice" and I failed, miserably.... I don't have a "cute little globe icon" but I wish I did.... :( Any more suggestions?

 Actually, the great city of Boston is in morning right NOW, because it's 7:01 AM. It may have been in mourning yesterday at 7:39 PM though, but it certainly wasn't morning.

 I can't write much now b/c I got up early to get grading done, but..... Here's something that gave me a bit of an early morning snicker: "Amanda, could you at least wait for me to debase and mock you before calling me dumb? I mean, honestly. Who says I was going to "attack [your] character or political affiliations"? You know what happens when you ass-u-me." Okay, kids. So who agrees (Jamie?) that it's somewhat laughable that JON'S telling ME not to ass-u-me?! :) Anyway, Jon...I'm glad we discussed the you being dumb comment. Just remember that I was in a pretty silly mood when I blogged that and it was in no way intended as an actual observation of your intelligence..... :) I'm a nice blogger.

 disposition, personality? either of those Rachel?

 the great city of Boston Massachusetts is in morning today because five of it's favorite ladies are gone. we are sorry Boston, we love you too, we shall return soon!!

 urlLink www.samrohrer.org just highlight the text and click on that cute little globe icon up and to the right... the one with a chainLINK. peace

 Well Kristen - my boss isn't mysterious at all....sometimes I wish he was because wouldn't it be fun to have a boss who was mysterious? Think of all the intrigue then! But alas, as I said, he isn't.... Anyway - I work for the PA House of Representatives with Sam Rohrer being the member I work for as his legislative aide. So that is my "boss".... here's his website if you care to know more. www.samrohrer.org I don't know how to make it a link or would....I'm used to when the computer automatically recognizes it and then turns it blue/underlines it.....

 My honeymoon with the city is over. I find the smell of stale beer extremely nauseating, and am so tired of "walking confidently." Pray that I make it through 11:40 tomorrow w/o going crazy Bec- who do you work for? I just keep reading about this mysterious boss. Joy of all joys, I now go get to clean toilets. Wish me well. I second Jeff's comment about both parties being for murder. Republicans may be more likely to be pro war, but I suspect more people have died anyway from abortion than war, so I don't have much respect for Democrats in general either. I can not fathom ever supporting someone who fights for partial birth abortion to be a "free right." It's barbaric, and anyone who supports it is also barbaric.

 Let me just tell you that I got to experience one of my favorite parts of my job yesterday. My boss was invited to the opening of the VIVA restaurant (actually doesn't open until 10/9 so I don't know what we were invited to.... a test run I guess). He couldn't go so his greedy staff members snatched up the invitation. It is a really neat place that has Mediterranean style food and live jazz every night. Fun stuff! But the best part was the food.... I could choose from every section of the menu. I got an appetizer and then soup and then bread and then the salad so by the time the meal came I wasn't even hungry. But having anticipated this before I even started, I had ordered with "leftover potential" in mind (knowing that my family would want to sample whatever I got). So I ordered shrimp stuffed with crab imperial - SO GOOD! And then I got dessert and a latte (that really put me over the edge.) I felt a little dumb taking all this food home because I hadn't had to pay for any of it.... but then I saw a state senator leaving with his leftovers. I thought if he can do it, so can I. So we put down our tip, grabbed our bags of leftovers and left. The best part is that I got this incredible meal for free. I LOVE FREE STUFF!! That's the moral of the story - well, I'll rephrase it. Cheap is good, free is best. Just call me Aesop.

 Disposition.

 My friend and I were talking today about pathetic fallacy. Then he tried to make a comparison but got stuck. Perhaps you can help us solve this mystery! -Rachel weather is short term climate is long term mood is short term _______ is long term

 FYI Jon: "You got 10/10 correct." Good thing, huh? :)

 However, if Jesse's going to go by Taco, maybe we should eat him instead. Sounds like he's in the Mexican mob.

 Just 'cause you're jealous of my cuteness doesn't mean you have to kill me.

 Jesse, since when are you Taco? yeah i think Kristen is in the mafia too!! let's get her!! (i still love you Kristen)

 I think to make this blog more interesting, we should turn it into a Survivor type thing... kicking people off the island. Or we could make it like Mafia. I think Kristen's in the Mafia. Who votes to kill her?

 Hargh!

 I'm going to the Galapagos and to the Rainforest in January (you can call it J-term, we call it interim). I'm really excited! The course is one focused on biological diversity, which is so freakin cool :)

 Jesse, why do you need a yellow fever vacination? Did I forget that you're leaving the country, for a J-term or something?

 Perhaps I should rephrase what I mean. Fire alarms should never be tested at 8:30 in the morning when the sole purpose is to see if the alarm works, not to see wether the people can get out of the building quickly. And, if a fire alarm had to be so tested at 8:30a.m., there must be adaquate and timely notice. A bad example of this is a silent phone message sent at 7:30 that very morning explaining to the residents that they should ignore the fire alarm unless it goes out for 10 minutes, b/c maintenance is testing to see if the fire alarm itself works. Now, this is a bad example of proper notice mainly b/c anyone sleeping at 8:30, who wakes up to a fire alarm, is not going to check their voicemail before rushing out of the building in a sleepy stupor, mind you, all the way down from the floor fourth.

 But that's only the polite fires. The rude fires might come around as last as midnight or even as early as 8:45 in the morning! Then you should just talk to their mothers, because the parents are to blame for all of the faults of the child.

 Right, Kristen, because we all know that a real fire would be decent enough to wait until at least 9 am, maybe even 10.

 Yellow guys do not just happen. Yellow guys are not in my life. Yellow guys do not just emerge out of thin air. Yellow guys are in the movies. Yellow guys are not real. Yellow guys are for Chernobyl, not Clarence. Why don't I have a yellow suit? I do not have a yellow suit. Where the [heck] is my yellow suit? I quite clearly need a yellow suit. -Anne Ursu, Spilling Clarence

 The testing of fire alarms at 8:30 in the morning should be outlawed!

 Apparently and anticipatorially, I have secret admirers EVERYWHERE! You KNOW you want me. Oh, don't forget about my urlLink dream blog ! I just added a few more dreams!

 Apparently, I have a secret admirer on Tasty Fresh ::shrugs::

 YAY!!! for the Red Sox!!! :)

 Wow, I feel so welcomed. Anticipatorially. Look, I'm the coolest carrot you ever have seen!

 welcome Remington!! i LIKE your carrot, but i LOVE Russell he is my favorite carrot!!

 i miss bunnies and settlers.... sadness. Jesse, make sure you coordinate some games when jenna and i come to visit. :)

 ...as in the anticipatory set of a lesson plan....

 Anticipatory is totally a word. Not just a word, but totally a word. Welcome aboard, Remington. I think I won Killer Bunnies with your card once.

 In case you all couldn't tell, that was my roommate, Remington James Steed III. He recently met a carrot named after him in the Bunny Game :) .

 Word to the faithful Bloggers. I am a newbie, excited and anticipatory (yeah, like that's a word...).

 dude. can you all just STOP attacking everyone's (mainly mine) grammar?! thank you. pretty soon no one will post for fear of having one's mistakes pointed out for all to see. besides, sometimes people just don't care. (i'm all about proper grammar, but not necessarily on a freakin' blog!)

 Who gets to go to heaven? One day two people die and are standing at the gates of heaven waiting to be judged. One is an elderly nun, who was raised in the church and spent her whole life in ministry. The other is a teenaged boy, who was an athiest. As they stand before the gates, Jesus approaches them, and tells them with sadness that they only have room for one more person in heaven. The nun falls to her knees and exclaims "Oh most holy king! I have been your servent all my life. I attended church every sunday, yet I still am not worthy to enter your kingdom without your mercy" The young boy also falls to his knees and said "God? I never knew you. I haven't once stepped foot in church my whole life. Surely I don't deserve to enter your kingdom." Then God said "I have made my decision, Adam (the teenaged boy) you may enter" The nun stood up smiling and started walking towards the gates till she realized what God had said. "What!?" she exclaimed "God, I have no right to question your judgement, but I don't understand? I have done your work throughout my whole life. I prayed to you daily. I kept your holy day. God why was I not chosen?" God replied, "You were selfish in your work. You looked upon others as less than you. Your work was for the eliete. A begger once came up to you and you turned him away. You stayed shelterd inside your community. This young man has given freely to everyone he could in his short life. He gladly gave money to organizations, and helped out in local community services. He gave shelter to a homeless man, he bought another food. He went and visited the sick in the hospital. This young man never even knew me and yet did my will"

 Jamie, if there were a Nobel Prize for missing the point, you would be a hands down winner. In no way was my post advocating the procedure. I'm merely pointing out where so many of our problems come in - we don't use accurate language. We use inflammatory rhetoric. It doesn't help the debate move in a constructive fashion, it pours gasoline on the fire. President Bush has used inaccurate, inflammatory language when referring to this procedure. He said, the bill would "protect infants at the very hour of their birth." If you paid attention to Senator Santorum's remarks in the debate, though, you would have heard him say the procedure was performed "at least 20 weeks, and in many cases, 21, 22, 23, 24 weeks [into pregnancy], and in rarer cases, beyond that." How long does a pregnancy last? 40 weeks. We're not "at the very hour" of birth. We're half way into a pregnancy. The procedure in question is an abortion that sort of looks like a birth, not a birth interrupted by an abortion. ( urlLink Slate.com ) Now, I'm not advocating abortion here. It's horrendous and it hurts women and propagates violence. It should be banned. What I'm saying is that since there is a high moral ground here, there shouldn't be a need to resort to such linguistic duplicity.

 Happy Friday to you all!! Jon posted a dissertation on "partial birth abortion" on his blog. Read it urlLink here , and then return to read my response below. You may be surprised to hear that I would agree with my friend on his first statement (The first casualty of an ideological conflict is always language.), however, perhaps not in the way that he had in mind. One of the things we have indeed lost is accurate language. Please read the following quote from my friend; So what do we term the medical procedure just banned in Congress? Is it partial-birth abortion? I don't think that's accurate terminology. I respectfully and strongly disagree with this statement. Allow me to explain. He says: It's not a birth that's been interrupted It most certainly is. Your first description provided by the abortion doctor is NOT a partial birth abortion. I wish you would accurately describe the procedure that you are referring to. Please allow me to provide an accurate description of the procedure that was banned recently. You will find that the term partial birth abortion is precisely the best way to describe the procedure. Partial birth abortion: The baby is partially delivered. Most of the baby is removed from the mother, but before ALL of the baby is removed, a sharp instrument is stabbed into the back of the babys head and its brains are sucked out with a vacuum tool. This kills the baby (of course) and it is then removed the rest of the way from the mother. This is the description of what a partial birth abortion is. The term partial birth abortion is precisely what it isThe baby is partially birthed and then aborted. This is a perfect definition. It troubles me that my friend feels the need to defend the language of the supporters of this act. Let me address a second point. My friend also presented what I can only perceive he believes is the reason behind why someone would support partial-birth abortion. He gives the following quote: The focus isn't on the child, it's on the well-being of the woman. This, unfortunately is precisely what those who support abortion would have the public believe, but this is simply false. Now, I will acknowledge that there may be some individuals that would support abortion because they honestly believe that they are furthering the well being of women. However, these people, while well-intentioned, are simply misguided. There is overwhelming evidence that never does an abortion (and especially this gruesome variety) further the well-being of women. The pro-abortion lobby would have you believe that you will be better off after an abortion. This is not true. Abortions harm women, not help. And the pro-abortion crowd knows this. Partial birth abortions are never medically necessary. I repeat, they are never medically necessary. Even the doctor credited with creating this technique has been quoted saying this very thing. They are simply sometimes the easiest and most convenient way to end the life of the child and therefore end an unwanted pregnancy. I could go on and on regarding the rhetoric that is used to defend this procedure. However, I will refrain. I will close in saying that while I dont doubt for a minute my friends sincere disdain for the ending of a human childs life through abortion, (although you cant tell that from his post) I would offer that dissertations such as his, are hindering the ending of such violence on the most innocent members of our society by confusing and diluting the issue. The true travesty in this discussion is that we have lowered the discussion to the level of discussing it as a medical procedure. We need less of the politically correct and comfortable terms that have crept into this discussion and more terms that describe abortion for what it is.

 I'm going home!!! (Just for the weekend) So I guess I'll get to see some of your smiling faces, but no Kelly or Jesse.

 In response to your response to me, Jon, she really doesn't need the comma after lovingly. "Lovingly" can not be describing "way" because "lovingly" is an adverb, which must be describing an adjective. you can be "lovingly peaceful," but you can not do something in a "lovingly way." Therefore the comma after "lovingly" would be incorrect, since "lovingly" is describing "peaceful" and not describing "way." Now if the phrase were, "loving, peaceful way," a comma would be necessary.

 Quoting Jesse: Quoting Amanda, "(in a lovingly, peaceful way, i mean)" you don't need a comma after lovingly. "...in a lovingly peaceful way..." is fine :) Also, for whoever needs to learn this: pluralized words do not have apostrophes. For example, "...after I popped a few Prozacs I'm doing ok now..." should be, "...after I popped a few Prozacs I'm doing ok now..." You do need a comma after "lovingly." She wasn't using "lovingly" as a term to describe "peaceful," she was using it to describe "way." Therefore a comma is needed. Also, I believe we are both mistaken as to the use of an "s" in Prozac. The term Prozac is itself plural and singular, simultaneously. One wouldn't say "Take two Advils," one would say "Take two Advil." The sentence should read "Anyways, after I popped a few Prozac I'm doing ok now."

 Jesse - "Worth a bottom-baring", huh? Guess I won't be running in your neck of the woods anytime soon.... :) Who knows what or who I might run into.... ;) Jamie - Jon isn't so bad......in small doses. :) Been fun to read when you guys go at each other.... So I am "mostly right most of the time"? Bit curious - what do you disagree with?

 Rebecca, I'll give you a hint: He'll be telling the same story from his own point of view tomorrow at school, and his classmates' jaws will drop in awe and wonder at his courageous and hilarious act. That's worth a bottom-baring to me.

 Something extremely funny happened to me today.... (with an opener like that who couldn't continue reading?) I was going on my somewhat daily run this afternoon. The air was slightly brisk but I soon was warm enough to not mind. I was at about half-way done when I came around the bend and saw a young boy, about 11, jumping on his giant trampoline. He was still a bit far off but as I got a little closer, this particular lad determined that it would be a good idea to moon me. He just pulled down his pants - white, scrawny backside aloft in the wind. This was followed by him flopping backwards on the trampoline. Finding myself in an unusual situation, I was somewhat at loss as to what to do. So I did the first thing that came to mind and I whistled at him. I continued on my way, barely running because I was laughing so hard. A car passed me and the driver must have thought I was insane - this wacko running down the road laughing her head off. But it made the last couple of miles go by faster. But what I still wonder is what possessed the kid to do that? Having never been a 11-year old boy, I don't know what goes through their heads. Any ideas?

 Kristen you are amazing i think i am going to have to try that one! thanks! :)

 Oooh! Another quiz! urlLink Common Misspellings 14/15 means I know how to spell :)

 Shauna, I know of a beautiful prank, but I don't know if I want to just blare it to the whole world, but here goes, just because I love you. This is really good if you want to get a whole dorm hallway, which I assume isn't your situation, but it could still work. 1. buy lots of dixie cups 2. Once whoever you're pranking is in bed, you fill each dixie cup with water (or soup if you want to combine this with Jesse's idea) and cover the whole hallway. This has hysterical results as you can well imagine. I've only heard of this actually being done once, and that was to a whole floor of a men's dormitory. Your prank wouldn't have to be quite as extensive, as there isn't as much floor space, but you might want to enlist the help of some friends anyway.

 Rebel against stupid french teachers

 Wow...it has been quite a while since I have contributed to this rather intriging experiment in the communication of modern society. Most of that was due to my knee surgery (which interestingly enough was exactly the event which I thought would have let me contribute more). However, while I have not been posting lately, I have caught up on all that was written since I last posted. Oh so much to respond to...and so little time. Until after November 4th, life will be very crazy, I will offer no promises on my rate of contribution to this blog until then, but I will do my best. There are a couple of things which I must respond to when I get the time. One of which (as you expected Jon) is Jon's dissertation on political parties. I must say, the dialogue on that topic was very interesting to read. I (again, as expected) have some opinions on the matter, and would love to offer some thoughts on the subject. On a related note, it has been great to read Bec's contributions to the blog. Finally another voice of political sanity on this wonderful blog. Bec was mostly right most of the time in what she said. I am sorry, Bec, that I abandoned you to Jon without any backup. Jon can be dizzying in his intellect (as in, I get so dizzy that I can usually only read so much before I have to get off or I'll throw up. ;-) ) Sorry Jon, I couldn't resist. :) [chuckle] So, stick around Bec...it is good to have your thoughts on stuff. Another thing that was interesting was the decision to play mafia via a blog. Jon...SIGN ME UP. I think it sounds cool. The first time may be a little rough, but lets give it a try. Lastly, I say we crumple up Taco into little pieces and cover him with chili, cheese, and lettuce.

 but what to do with that soup Jesse?

 Shauna, it should definitely involve soup, possibly chicken noodle, but tomato might work as well.

 guys i need help! what would be a really good prank to play on some people at college. this means it shouldn't include cars, basically because i do not know what cars are these peoples. and also the persons i am needing to prank back live with my ALC (like an RA for apartments) so i cannot enlist help with getting into their room, so it has got to be creative! i know you guys are amazing at this stuff so help me out!! that would be great! thanks!

 it sounds like a fun expirament, and Id love to be part of it, but im not sure it would work unless everyone had a certain amount of patience. and i often don't check email on the weekends.

 Now for my next trick... a cool template. Yeah, right...

 I just started a Mafia blog.... we can have a rotating narration schedule.... I'm going to send out invites. If you want to play, e-mail me jon@thepipeline.org (with the e-mail account that you use for Blogger.)

 ooo...ooo...ooo! Mafia + Blog = great fun. :)

 and Kairsie dies in the middle of the night... due to a random encounter with a reckless yogurt delivery truck... I think mafia on the blog could only work if everyone checked the blog everyday. Otherwise it could take fo evah. But if we can get 7 people total: 1 narrator (i nominate myself :) ) 2 mafia 1 doctor 1 detective 2+ townspeople I can start a new blog for it and send out emails

 My name's Kairsie.... and it doesn't matter if I'm the mafia, a townsperson, the doctor, or the detective.... because no matter who I am I am ALWAYS the first one to be killed

 Dude... I wonder if this seriously would work.... with a combination of public discussions over the blog.... and everything that happens over nighttime would be done over e-mail..... of course, it might suck. anyone interested in trying?

 I'm not in the Mafia. I can't tell you exactly why, but you'll regret it if you kill me later.

 JON'S IN THE MAFIA!

 Jon!

 Oh yeah? name one!

 No it doesn't! I'm sure there are plenty of non-tacos in the mafia!

 Sure it does, ask anyone!

 Well, okay, but that doesn't mean you're not in the mafia!

 Yeah, you heard me, I'm not a Taco!

 What?

 Hi, my name is Taj, and I'm not in the mafia 'cuz I'm not a taco.

 I had gotten all ten right in that 8th grade math quiz too. I'm proud that I've still retained my mathal abilities :) Maybe I'll be taking Calc II sometime soon?

 I'll have you know that college had nothing directly to do w/ my little math problem. I just got bored in my Soc class, so I picked a random number and by trial and error tried to find it's factors. It was really quite entertaining. I tried up to number 19 all w/ just paper and pen. And the reason using computers is cheating, is because they stifle your mind. Playing with numbers is good brain exercise.

 79,847 is prime, and of course I used a computer. How is that cheating? It's not cheating. It's being efficient. School's (especially colleges!) shouldn't force people to work at anything less than optimum efficiency. If you want to increase your factoring efficiency, go urlLink here . It's a Java applet that can factor numbers up to 1,000 digits in length.

 Stink! I was so close! I only tried as far as 101. But did you use a computer, because that's cheating. And is 79847 prime?

 sleigh

 1, 107, 79847, 8,543,629

 Remember that it only has to rhyme with "neigh," as the saying goes, words that rhyme with neighbor and weigh. As for another word that does, I'm still thinking about it. My current dilema is, what are the factors of 8,543,629? So far I haven't been able to find one, well, besides the number 1.

 " 'i' before 'e' except after 'c' and words that rhyme with 'neighbor' " The question is however, how many words do you know that rhyme with 'neighbor'. I am sure there are a bunch, but I couldn't think of any this morning (its a bit early).

 Hey...You should all go read urlLink Jesse's Dream Blog . His X-men dream from October 14th rocks! Jesse, it made me laugh because thats exactly the kind of wierd discombobulated dream that I would have...

 Thank you, Kristen. I appreciate that. Here's a urlLink permalink for the post.

 Jon, just wanted to say I really appreciated your post today. Ya'll should go read it. It's certainly food for thought.

 Jon - just wanted to re-emphasize my point that I wasn't making a statement about the context of Jesus' words. My point was simply that Christ used inflammatory language at times. He thought it was needed and I don't think that it is categorically wrong to use words that cause reactions (not only anger but other emotions, such as guilt). I do not advocate calling women who have had abortions "baby killers" and the like. I agree that we should respond to them with compassion. While the act that they permitted to be done to their bodies is wrong, it isn't any different then the sins that I commit daily. However, I also believe in truth. So the burden on us as Christians is to proclaim truth in a compassionate way, as Christ did. That is a very tricky thing to do, a thin line to traverse. But I don't think I have "lofty perch" upon which I am sitting. My depraved nature is very evident to me. It is what motivates me to want to speak truth compassionately.

 Wow. I feel like such a minority. Jeff, you brought up some excellent points, showing that abortion is a much more nuanced and complex issue than we've reduced it to. Bec, Kristen, et. al.... (I'd address each point individually, I think I can lump sum here and still be communicating effectively.) Yes, we need to be willing to call things what they are. And "brood of vipers" wasn't politically correct language by any stretch of the imagination. Its closest modern day equivalent would offend most of the readers of this blog. Anyways... that's how Jesus addressed the religious community. That's how He talked to those who should have known better. But can someone give me one example in the Gospels where Jesus used anything less than docile language to speak to those still on the outside? I might have different words about this topic if I were speaking with you in person, but this is a public blog. The last thing I would want to see is some young girl suffering through the trauma of just experiencing an abortion be called a "baby killer." I don't see her as that, and neither does Christ. Christ sees the bigger picture, Christ extends forgiveness, Christ doesn't condemn her. Christ wouldn't cast the stone, either physically or with His words. We sit here in our high, lofty perch, looking down on those still on the outside, hating NOW and NARAL, condemning Planned Parenthood. That's not how Jesus would have acted. Jesus would have presented the path for His disciples to follow, while loving and passionately pursuing those on another path. I know that was all slightly tangential to the main point - is partial birth abortion a misnomer? I believe so, but I cant find a better word for it. It's too complicated for me to understand. I haven't gone to medical school. You can read more urlLink here .

 interesting discussion. Both of you are right. True words spoken (even if it is my version of truth) often are inflammatory. Jesus spoke many inflammatory words to the religious community - often so do I. Jesus also spoke loving words to people - I hope I do that too. I guess one shouldn't always need to be politically correct. The NPR lover in me wants to be politically correct, but the righteous anger in me wants to call the abortionists baby killers. Certainly in a debate situation, it is reasonable to call someone what they wish to be called - this keeps the heated discussion to a reasonable roar rather than making people flip out at each other. Dialog and discussion can sometime bring clarity to an issue, but its hard to dialog and discuss in a reasonable fashion when everyone is "insulting" each other - intentionally or accidentally. I believe that our advances in science have muddied up the waters on abortion, I predict that some day soon, late term abortion will be illegal - it just doesnt seem to make sense to kill a viable human just for convenience. That said, does a 4 cell fertilized egg embreo have a spirit and a soul? Does a sperm cell or an egg cell carry that spirit (as many catholics believe) or what. I'm not sure any of that can be proved from scripture. Some couples that are trying to have a baby could be losing one or more of those a month. Will that family meet their 35 children when they get to heaven, and what age will they be? will they still have just 4 cells or will they be fully grown? I certainly believe that life begins before conception, but what does that mean?

 Again Jon - read a little more in your blog about McLaren's book. Sounds interesting. But something I thought of while reading through your blog is the dislike some (perhaps you....) have of "stark polarizations." I'm not looking to be someone who never sees the other side and I can play the devil's advocate fairly well. But I think Christians in general are too easy on themselves. We need to say when things are wrong and draw that "line in the sand." I do agree with you about John 4 and the true meaning of worship. I think Christ was emphasizing the importance of the heart in worship - in "spirit and in truth." But Christ was always looking at the heart, that is where His concern is. Yes, he was in a "realm above their line". But that does not necessarily follow that there was no "line" in Christ's realm. I think just the opposite - He showed us just where the key is to worship and in so doing showed us what He wants from our worship. He wants our true worship and so the issue is no longer where your are physically but where your heart is in worshipping God. That to me is an even bigger distinction (or stark polarization) - where you are on the continuum of true worship and false worship. To everybody else.... sorry to have gone off on so much. Hope it wasn't too annoying - but it couldn't be helped. I had to say something.

 Wow Jon - just read your post (the one about partial birth abortion) and there is so much running through my head that I don't know where to start.... (forgive me, I may leave out words when I feel compelled to write fast - before the ideas leave my head.) First off, the thing I agree with - we need to be careful in the words we use. A lot of things go wrong when people misinterpret what you mean. However, that is not the case here. I want people to focus on the issue at hand which is the taking of innocent human life. Therefore I am purposefully choosing words that will highlight the distinction. And for you to make a distinction of when birth occurs is ridiculous. Ask any woman who is half-way through labor - is she experiencing birth of her child? "Sorry, ma'am. Your baby is only halfway out so we won't call this birth." Or better yet, what if the baby died half-way through the birth canal, has that woman or child experienced birth? Uhhh - yep! I think inflammatory language is needed to polarize the issue. It doesn't happen enough because people (myself included) are too timid, don't want to offend. I think that when Jesus referred to the Pharisees in Matthew 12 as "a brood of vipers" that was inflammatory. Was he winning any Pharisees over to his side? Or simply highlighting their hypocrisy? He could have said it more gently or watered-down. But he didn't. I'm not done yet but I need to get going for now. Hopefully, I'll finish this up later.

 Jon writes:President Bush has used inaccurate, inflammatory language when referring to this procedure. He said, the bill would "protect infants at the very hour of their birth." If you paid attention to Senator Santorum's remarks in the debate, though, you would have heard him say the procedure was performed "at least 20 weeks, and in many cases, 21, 22, 23, 24 weeks [into pregnancy], and in rarer cases, beyond that." How long does a pregnancy last? 40 weeks. We're not "at the very hour" of birth. We're half way into a pregnancy. The procedure in question is an abortion that sort of looks like a birth, not a birth interrupted by an abortion. In defense of Bush, I would like to add my view. True, PBA may only rarely be preformed after 24 weeks, but the fact is that it still sometimes is, very late in the pregnancy when the baby could survive outside the womb, and even if there was only one case a year the appalling fact is that it is legal - it is legal in our country, that a day before a child's due date (or later) an abortionist may pull the baby partially out of the women and vacuum it's brain out while the child's limbs are flailing. So yes, this bill does protect babies "at the very hour" of birth, because even at the very hour of birth, it's still legal to kill them as long as the baby is still at least an inch inside the mother.

 Shauna, Jaron, Ruthy, and I are in Michigan! Yay! We had a silly ride up here...just ask Shauna about "blank" trees and Ruth about "hauling booty." Tonight is the Matrix. Yay!

 An excerpt from my blog about all the fun I had tonight: Guess what happened tonight? I went to New Jersey, rather by accident. Rachel and I went out for Thai, and then we picked up Darcy on South Street, and after visiting a gallary or two, we discussed going to a coffee shop, but instead we headed for home. Well, uh Rachel took a wrong turn and we were forced to go across a bridge to New Jersey. At first we were like, oh man, it's gonna cost us three dollars to get back. But then, Rachel was like, if we're going to spend three dollars anyway, we might as well have some fun in New Jersey. So, we went to Hess's and Wal-mart (Rachel was obsessed with finding a 24 hour Wal-Mart) and a diner. Guess what I spontaenously decided to buy? Fish! I have two fish now, their names are Darcy and Rachel. Any bets on who will eat who first? Anyway, it's rather homey to have some pets. I had to take my fish into the diner so they wouldn't get too cold in the car. Right before we left, Darcy and I went to the bathroom, and I left the fish with Rachel. When I return, she had removed them from the Wal-Mart bag, and was holding them up to visit with the big fish in the diner's aquarium. My stomach muscles hurt from laughing so much.

 Allow me to join this fair discussion. I am going to side with Kristen on this one. I too think this is an acceptable, and even desirable, change to our state constitution. On the contrary Shauna, I think just as much manipulation of children can happen in a court room full of people where the child has to sit face to face with the man or women that has (for example) sexually abused them and told them that if they ever mention what happened, that they would kill them. One piercing glare from an abuser can carry a tremendous level of communication. Abuse is an extremely emotional event. Which would provide better access to the truth. A child that can explain what happened in an emotionally neutral situation, or a child sitting in front of their abuser (for example) having to look into the eyes that have controlled and manipulated them for (possibly) years. I don't think those that oppose this amendment to the PA constitution need to get their shorts all knotted up over this. It is simply changing a few words from (and I think I am close if not exactly accurate) "meet their accuser face to face" to the words "be confronted with their accuser". It does not require that the medium be video...in fact it doesn't dictate any method in particular. It simply allows a young child to present their testimony in a emotionally neutral environment. This amendment simply brings PA's constitutional wording on this issue into line with the US constitution and the vast majority of other states in the Union. It is not some "drastic change" that is the beginning of a "slippery slope". The vast majority of states in the country have exactly the same wording as the new proposed wording in this situation. While, as a conservative that looks cauciously (sp?) on any changes to our constitution, I think this is an acceptable change that provides a small level of decency and protection to some of the youngest in our society.

 Kristen, i agree with Jon, this is a shame. very breifly: the window of opportunity this creates for maniputaion of children to get testimony is quite large. tough issue!!

 I'll respond to that soon. Just not today.

 Jon writes in his blog, "And the ballot initiative to allow children (and possibly others) to give testimony outside of the courtroom via video passed. This is also a shame." Why? Why in the world is this a shame? I think this is wonderful news. Why should a six year old rape vicim be forced to recount details of her attack in front of a court room of people? I think this initiative was long needed. I'm curious why you don't like it.

 Throwing this into the conversation to see what you all think of it. This is a true story taken from one of my favorite bloggers, urlLink ianua.org . She's an IT professional working for a Christian company while struggling through her own faith and doubt. ---------------------------------------------------- My mother left our family when I was very young--3 years old. I shared her name, and for a lot of reasons (including the fact that my father was very perverted), I became my daddy's wife, sexually as well as emotionally. I was a victim of incest for most of my child and young adulthood ... it went on, even up into my late teens. By my senior year in high school, my father had so convinced me of my disgusting worthlessness, my utter ugliness, and my standing as a total wretch in the eyes of God, I believed that I was lucky to be where I was, to have the "family" that I did, and that I was completely doomed -- I would never ever escape the tyranny of my father. (there's much more to this, including my father's rabid public conservatism and evangelicalism which radically conflicted with who he was privately, but I won't get into all of that now) At the age of 17, I became pregnant. At the time, I blamed the guy I was sleeping with, because I didn't understand fully the consequences of all of what the incest meant, (and I didn't dare think of the other alternative). Through time I have come to accept that it was probably my father's child. The timing wasn't right the other way. At the time I knew enough about my father to know that if he found out about the "problem," he would abort it himself, he was just that way (and he was a frustrated doctor stuck in a lab). I also knew that I believed in life, that I believed that the child in me was alive and a sacred creation, but I was absolutely terrified. I had no idea what to do or who to go to. I went to an episcopal priest under the rite of "confession," and he, being a staunch pro-life priest, told me that he didn't care if he got fired -- he believed that life was more important than anything, and he would tell my father if I pursued the abortion. I was stuck. I felt like the baby would die if I did, die if I didn't. So I went to the east coast (and met my mother, coincidentally), had the abortion there, then spent the next several years wandering around the country, living with people I met, sleeping in bus stations, trying to find some sort of peace with what I had done and who I was. There's a lot more to this story, but what I want to tell you is this: I don't think that -anyone- really wants to abort their child. I don't think that they have this murderous desire in them to take a life. It's not like they wake up one day and decide to get pregnant just to have an abortion. It's that people don't know any better. It's that the people who can help often stand in judgement of them. It's that sometimes conservatives are so busy trying to save babies, they forget about the women who also (even more desperately) need to be saved. The rallying and the vocalism isn't where the change happens. The change happens in quietness--in love and in friendship and in trying to understand. It's so easy to be loud and male and defiant. Planned Parenthood and other organizations enforce that by their own loud rhetoric (and sometimes, frankly, they have to scream because the opposition doesn't let them have a voice). But there are more lives involved in this then we often know (or want to accept). There are the lives of the women, the girls -- the people struggling with life and death decisions and feeling isolated and alone at this very important moment in their lives. And there is so much life -- brilliant, fabulous life -- all around us. there is so much more we can do for all of life... I do not believe in the death penalty. I do not believe in war. I believe in the sanctity of life on all levelsfrom birth to death. I believe in a form of mercy. I believe in a form of grace ... ... and I've learned that deadness is more than just what happens to an aborted child. It happens to a woman who feels so wearied from her life that she just doesn't care anymore. I have been that woman. I have been dead and unable to care. And now -- on the other side of apathy, on the other side of death -- I have learned what it means to be truly alive. ---------------------------------------------------- She writes this in a later post: ---------------------------------------------------- a choice made, but not my choice. angry voices amplify the grief, explanations given in powerpoint, in heated rallies, pro-life proclamations in half-lit church basements. requiescat in pace pictures of the dead on the side of trucks, on sticks held by angry people standing on the corner, "we will offend you enough to care, shock you out of your complacency." look at what you do - look at what you have done i do not look. the memories still live in technicolour, still live in my dreams, exposed on the table, false promises, the choice i couldn't make but had to. ----------------------------------------------------

 I didn't see any excuses here, did you? He simply said he isn't jumping into it right now. People like Jon and Jamie have an affliction in which they cannot settle for short posts about any supposedly "debatable" topic. So they need to set aside about 3 hours to write a post that is long enough to put most normal people to sleep. Jon should go to college and write discertations or something.

 Excuses, excuses, excuses. Tsk tsk.

 I really am going to explain why the recent PA constitutional amendment is a bad thing. And soon. But not now.

 Michigan trip highlights: amanda: i have a booger in my nose tajjy: better a booger than a chipmunk (the conversation just got sillier from there- in the end i decided that i'd love to have a cute little chipmunk--a mini chipmunk-- up my nose, as long as my screen was functioning properly) shauna singing "go speed racer go" as I did some intense curves without turning the cruise control off the adorably hilarious way ruth said in her cute little innocent voice, "good thing you weren't hauling booty." jello squares becoming a jello patty, later to be poured into a salad bowl from Dairy Queen the oh so tasty (though it sounds kinda not-so-tasty) pumpkin pie blizzard making jaron eat vegan food shauna swearing about trees. well, actually, she said "blank trees" and meant "bare trees" but it was funny b/c it sounded like she was just blanking out an expletive. fitting SOOOO many people in my little civic and then pulling ruthy out head first shooting bunnies and poofing my sweet brother buying my favorite cereal for breakfast. :) not being able to play six square because of a "hole" in my stomach, not to mention someone throwing the ball at my face challenging boys at steak and shake to six square (Shauna said "bring it." It was great!) free krispy kreme donuts, right off of the conveyor belt! mmmm driving down the wrong side of the road the air mattress issues Two of my favorite things at the same time: Alias and bunnies! Remy calling me "Mananda" Shauna calling me "Amander" i know there's tons more....but i need to actually get some work done (or maybe just nap on my desk...I'M SO TIRED!). Thanks for a great trip Shaunster, Tajjy, Ruth, and Jaronius. Thanks so much to Laura and Helen and Remy for places to stay and lots of fun. You guys rock!

 If you remove the screen door from your nose, you'll inhale the chipmunk! YOU LOST HIS TEETH??? -Re: fake danricc's teeth that were lost in Carlos O'Kelly's "AAAAAAAAAH!" -Kelly upon seeing/hearing Shauna

 Just a few thoughts on the ballot question discussion... I think that while the intention is excellent - to protect children from the various "negatives" (for lack of a better term) that arise from needing to meet your accuser face to face in a trial - there is much danger in the the amdendment. My biggest concern lies in the possible coercion of the child's testimony. So while a Constitutional change may be what was needed, I am wary of how it will be implemented, utilized and/or abused. I guess this is ultimately up to the Legislature to decide and for the court to determine if the legislation is then constitutional. But I haven't heard of any talk to act on that which is curious to me. It seems like obvious legislation, but maybe I am wrong/missing something. Or maybe the gambling issue has so gridlocked the legislature that they won't truly focus on genuine issues....

 Well, ladies and gentlemen, thanks for your patience. It's time. What the freakin' heck were the citizens of this state thinking when they approved a constitutional amendment so that criminal defendants no longer have the right to confront their accuser(s) face to face? The amendment changed Section 9 of Article I, the Declaration of Rights of the constitution by eliminating the language that assures that those accused of a crime have the right to meet their accuser face to face. I believe that the voters of this Commonwealth were mislead into thinking this would only apply in cases where children are involved, but that will not be case. Perhaps that was the intent, but it won't happen that way. Even if it did happen that way, it would still be a bad idea. Here's why: Personal confrontation is powerful. Jesus taught us this in Matthew 18. "If your brother sins against you, go and show him his fault, just between the two of you. If he listens to you, you have won your brother over. But if he will not listen, take one or two others along, so that 'every matter may be established by the testimony of two or three witnesses.'" Jesus taught that those being accused (even the guilty ones!) have the right to be confronted by their accuser. Why should we change that? There is also the issue of prosecutorial misconduct in the criminal justice system. We have stacked the deck with prosecutors that are only interested in conviction rates, not the truth. That's because we live in a "Get Tough on Crime" society that rewards politicians and prosecutors who are brutal to people, even innocent people. Putting these men and women in front of real people, real juries, real defense attorneys, live and in person, brings a pressure and intensity that would be greatly diminished when hiding behind a television screen. I work in television, and so I understand how difficult it is for people to "be real" when dealing with any type of media. A person in front of a camera is going to be a different person than one in front of 12 living, breathing, watching human beings. We go on and on all we want about "protecting the children," but truth is what were after with the justice system. Truth should not be sacrificed on the altar of our version of "compassion."

 Is anyone else getting sick of all the materalistic Christmas commercials bombarding one's eyes anytime the TV's on? What's a good use for a fishbowl without any fish? Shauna, a while back you wrote about needing to prank someone. How'd that go?

 Rachel died!! I really don't know why. Now there are no more fish swimming in the fish bowl. Amanda, I think you have lots of value! And Jamie, what pessisism! (I don't even want to here it about the spelling) It's not kind to assume that Jon will be wrong before he says anything. Course, it would be helpful if he'd say something. :) But blogging really can be time consuming, so I don't mean to pick on you Jon.

 Jamie- are you insulting my post?! Just because I choose not to provide discertations on deep issues doesn't make what I have to say any less post-worthy. I'm a person, too. I have value. Really, I do. :)

 Taj, I would not call it an affliction to realize that most topics are not adequatly discuessd in 3 sentences. Perhaps discussions on bunnies, trips to Michigan, and inhaling chipmunks can be adequetly addressed in your proverbial "short post". However, there are some discussions that require a bit more thought and time to adequetly provide ones opinion. I would rather wait for a long time for a post from John which, although very probably incorrect, will be thoughtful, articulate, intelligent and witty. "...let every man be swift to hear, slow to speak..." - James 1

 OH yes, I am DEFINITELY in Canada, eh! I'm loving it! I can't tell if I'm gonna be penalized for using my cell phone, so I'm going to avoid it. But you can all call and leave funny messages for when I get back! Have a great Thanksgiving. I find it just a bit ironic that for Thanksgiving, the family holiday, my sister is in Florida, my parents are away on a cruise, and I'm in Canada! My poor puppies must feel very very sad and lonely :'( . Much love to you all, see you round x-mas time!

 Remi- What blog would that be that you'd like to join? The one I've sadly neglected? :) Hey everyone- Have a great thanksgiving! Enjoy the frigid temperatures and think of me on the beach in sunny Florida. :) oh...Remi....what's your mailing address? actually, i need jesse's but i think he's already in canadia and since you room together..... could you email it to me? amandamwalls@hotmail.com thanks.

 Everyone and his/her mom should rejoice. No more school until next Tuesday. Woopee! -Rachel

 Mananda! Can I join your Blog? I want to write you funny messages.

 Kristen - Yes, I am fed up with the materialistic nature of the American Christmas season. I find myself participating without a thought until I wake up to the reality of selfish desires which underly the whole thing. If there's one thing we must do this Christmas, it's wake up and hear our selfish voices crying out, and then to refuse to feed the hunger of self. Let us instead look to the Lord our Creator, the Owner and Planner of the Great Story which engulfs us, and let us do all for His benefit and glory, for the greatness of His Kingdom, and for an offering of thanks to Him. About the fishbowl, you should follow the example of the Cat in the Hat: buy some red and white paint, decorate your fishbowl with broad stripes of said colors, and wear it on your head. For added effect, hire some friends to be Thing 1 and Thing 2.

 aww. Poor Jon. Perhaps you just need to be the target for little white spheres to get you into the I Love Snow Mood again. -Rachel

 urlLink My pathetic thoughts on snow.

 Yeah for snow! But not for when it melts all over your back pack.

 Snow tomorrow! Snow tomorrow! I'm uber excited for the snow tomorrow!! =) -Rachel

 Good bye snow. I enjoy the rain, but rain can come anytime of the year. I want my snow back! =( -Rachel

 Now WE's gettin the snowzes. Boo+Jah = smack you in the face!

 Yeah...no more snow here, either. But that means no nasty, slushy, grimy, dirty snow....so that's just fine with me. So, where is everyone? Busy, busy, busy, I guess. Same for me. This whole two jobs thing is getting pretty nuts. I'll be thankful for the nice, long break over the next month. I'll miss the extra paycheck, though. :(

 It rained today here in Philly. Bye bye snow.

 Oh, and Ashley Richards call me Nerd. (Or is that a nerd....?)

 My nicknames are: Mel, Melly, Smelly, Smell adud, Melobee, Mel Mel, Melodia. I thinks thats all of them.=)

 Rachel is my most popular nickname. Rach, Rachey, Rachey Rach (That's my dad's nickname for me. I unlike it.) Emily calls me Princess when she thinks that I'm acting like a brat. Someone called me Rai the other day. uhh...I guess that's pretty much it. Oh, Jamie Reiff and I call eachother Sunshine. The end.

 Ooh! Ooh! I know! I know! I know a "most humiliating nickname!" It's actually Jesse's! But that wouldn't be very nice of me, now would it? Good thing I'm a loving sister!

 Jamie, the picture was taken in New Zealand. my nicknames, in no particular order: Shaun, Shauna Banauna, Burgis, My Sharona, Shaunnanana, S., and Erika like to call me Cutie! i think there are others but these are the main ones.

 Hey Shauna, Where was the pic on your blog taken?

 Some call me..... Tim! . Actually, no. People call me Jon. My name is Jonathan, but I prefer Jon. So I guess it doesn't count.

 The Nickname competition begins now! Prizes go out to the winners of the following categories: 1. Most nicknames 2. Most unique nickname 3. Most humiliating nickname 4. Longest nickname 5. Silliest nickname What do people call YOU???

 Yay! Jesse's coming home! :)

 Guess who comes home in 2 days!!!!

 Hey mister grumpy gills, When life gets you down, you know what you gotta do? Just keep swimming, Just keep swimming, Just keep swimming swimming swimming, What do we do? We swim, swim, swim. Oh-oh-oh-oh-OHHHHHHH I love to swi-i-i-i-im and when you want to swim you want to....

 Here's another one: Men who are angry every day or who are social hermits have a much higher risk of developing gum disease. That's the word from a Harvard University study that found men who are angry on a daily basis have a 43 percent higher risk of developing periodontitis compared with men who keep their cool, reports United Press International. The 10-year study included 42,523 male health professionals who ranged in age from 40 to 75 years. Weirdly, friendship seems to protect against gum disease. Men who reported having at least one close friend had a 30 percent lower risk of developing periodontitis than those who don't have a buddy, and men who attended religious services had a 27 percent lower risk of gum disease. Divorced, widowed, and never-married men were at a slightly higher risk of developing periodontitis compared with married men. Why? The Harvard researchers think stress is associated with poor oral hygiene and increased glucocorticoid secretion. That can lower the immune function and increase insulin resistance--factors that can lead to gum disease. Okay...you're probably tired of my blurbs by now. :)

 Haha...this is interesting, too: The early stages of a romantic relationship are a lot like eating chocolate--at least as far as our brains are concerned. The dopamine-drenched brain is very focused on planning and the pursuit of a pleasurable reward. The same regions become active when we fall in love as when we enjoy the pleasure of eating chocolate, says lead researcher Helen Fisher. More ominously, the brain in love also shows patterns that resemble aspects of obsessive compulsive disorder. obsessive compulsive disorder...that's great!

 I'm glad the ruckus was brought here, because I don't feel like taking up my own server space and chasing the fallacy of thinking around several different blogs. Here's a statement from Human Rights Watch: --------------------------------------------------------- One can only rejoice at the capture of Saddam Hussein. Few people are more deserving of trial and punishment. U.S. forces deserve credit for arresting the deposed dictator so that his crimes can be presented and condemned in a court of law, rather than arranging to kill him in combat. But the stakes now are enormous. The fairness of the tribunal he is brought before will determine whether his prosecution advances the rule of law in Iraq or perpetuates a system of arbitrary revenge. Washington says it has not yet decided what to do with him, but the first moves of the U.S.-dominated Iraqi Governing Council are not auspicious. Saddam Hussein's government was responsible for the murder of a quarter of a million Iraqis. Among the occupants of the mass graves being unearthed in Iraq today are 100,000 Kurdish men and boys machine-gunned to death during the 1988 Anfal genocide, many after having been chased from their homes with chemical weapons; the 30,000 Shiites and Kurds slaughtered after the 1991 uprising; other Shiites killed during the 1980's because of their perceived sympathy for Iran; so-called Marsh Arabs killed as the Iraqi government drained the marshes and destroyed a culture that had thrived for centuries; and many individual Iraqis of all faiths and ethnicities who were singled out, their lives ended, for real or perceived opposition to the regime. To do these victims justice, their plight should be recorded in a court of law and their perpetrators properly judged and punished. But the Iraqi Governing Council, taking its lead from Washington, last week established a tribunal that is to be dominated by Iraqi jurists. Despite the superficial appeal of allowing Iraqis to try their own persecutors, this approach is unlikely to produce sound prosecutions or fair trials. It reflects less a determination to see justice done than a fear of bucking Washington's ideological jihad against any further enhancement of the international system of justice. As we know from Rwanda and the former Yugoslavia, prosecutions of genocide or crimes against humanity can be enormously complex, demanding jurists of exceptional skill and sophistication. They require amassing volumes of official documents, collecting sensitive forensic evidence from mass graves, presenting hundreds of witnesses from among victims and accomplices, and paying scrupulous attention to the requirements of due process. To avoid being perceived as show trials or "victor's justice," they call for highly experienced jurists of unquestioned integrity. Saddam's brutal and arbitrary justice system can hardly be expected to have produced such jurists. Prosecutions were typically based on confessions, often induced by torture. Serious criminal investigations, let alone complex trials, were virtually unheard of. The Iraqi Governing Council hopes to solve this problem by looking to Iraqi exiles as well as Iraqis from communities historically repressed by the Baath Party who remained in the country. But even among these it will be difficult to find jurists with the right combination of skills and emotional distance from the former dictatorship to produce trials that are fair - and seen as fair. An internationally led tribunal would be a far better option, whether a fully international tribunalor, more likely, an internationally run tribunal with significant domestic participation, such as the special court set up for Sierra Leone. Because its personnel would be selected by the United Nations rather than by Washington's surrogates, an internationally led tribunal is more likely to be seen as legitimate. And because it can draw from a global pool of talent, it would be better able to secure the experienced and fair-minded jurists than a court that must look only to Iraqis. An internationally led tribunal could still conduct trials in Baghdad and involve Iraqis as much as possible, but it would be run by international jurists with proven records of overseeing complex prosecutions and scrupulously respecting international fair-trial standards. Despite the obvious merits of an internationally led tribunal, Washington is adamantly opposed, which largely explains the path chosen by the Iraqi Governing Council. But Washington's opposition reflects its ideology, not concern for the Iraqi people. The Bush administration calculates that a tribunal of Iraqis selected by its hand-picked Governing Council will be less likely to reveal embarrassing aspects of Washington's past support for Saddam Hussein, more likely to impose the death penalty despite broad international condemnation, and, most important, less likely to enhance even indirectly the legitimacy of the detested International Criminal Court. No one should endorse these self-serving reasons. Governments should encourage Washington to allow an internationally led tribunal to try Saddam Hussein and his henchmen. The people of Iraq deserve no less. --------------------------------------------------------- I'm opposed to the death penalty on religious and ideological grounds, but I'm going to take a purely pragmatic stand here. Executing Saddam after a trial from the US backed (and installed) "Iraqi Government" would not lend any legitimacy to anything, at all. America would be happy, because the Witch Is Dead. We don't need a dead witch, though. We need to win the hearts and minds of the Arab world, who, although most hated Saddam, they hate America more. An internationally led court, with full disclosure and full UN, EU, US, and Arab backing will provide the justice that we need, but will do so without alienating the Arab world. Right? This shouldn't be an "Iraqi"trial, because Iraq is still too fragmented to run a trial of this magnitude. Who would lead it? A Shiite cleric? His people were wounded the most by Hussein. Or maybe Kurdish? Would they just be out for vengeance? Ahmad Chalabi? He would be terrible. This needs to be a internationally setup and internationally run court, based in Iraq.

 Jesse...I mean...Tajjy: I remember you saying a while ago that you like almonds. Well, I just found this little blurb and thought you might find it interesting: Eat almonds and lose weight A study published in the International Journal of Obesity compared two groups of people who were placed on a 1,000-calorie-a-day liquid diet. One group also ate three ounces of almonds every day. The other group was allowed to eat a mix of complex carbohydrates that included wheat crackers, baked potatoes, and air-popped popcorn. The group that ate the almonds lost more weight--even though the calorie counts for the two groups were identical. In addition, their systolic blood pressure dropped 11 percent, compared to no change in the other group. Why is this significant? It's long been assumed that a calorie is the same no matter where it comes from. Even though the group eating the almonds consumed more fat, they lost more weight. Their Body Mass Index readings dropped 18 percent, compared with the other group's 11 percent.

 Oh wait, but since there is a conspiracy to keep urlLink Jamie's blog link off of this blog, I guess I will have to provide you the link.

 Anyone want to go to urlLink this ? (Anyone want to give the rachel a ride?)



 My nicknames are Kair, Kair-Bear (by melody) Roxy (skater name) RireRose (poet name) Starlight, kas, Kirsty (danricc always mixing my name and kristi's name) baby doll, general rainbow bright (blame dennis and daniel for that one) and I think that's it.

 Jon, you think this is bad? What the heck every happend to your mafia blog?

 What the freakin' crap happened to this blog? Hallo????? Annnnnyyyyyyy oooonnnnneeee theeeerrrrrrrree??

 Hey...on a related note...am I allowed to bust on Jeff for forgeting how to blog? October 2nd?...... Jeff.....come on man... [wink]

 Yes.

 Amanda's nicknames: Amander (origin: Shauna) this one's fun :) Manda Mandy/Mandi (origin: my mom, which means it will never leave, which sucks. She and my granny are the only ones who can get away with this one) Mananda (origin: Jesse's roomie, Remi) another fun one Pineapple Girl (origin: Rachel, I think...it all started in Michigan last year) fun, b/c it reminds me of Rachel, Eric, and Tajjy in Michigan

 So is everyone sitting down? Good, cause get this...I resurrected my blog!

 Hi, everybody Bo-wat-tay-bo-wat Carrie Ann Caridogg Carebear Hephizbah Top that! So what do I win?

 Welcome back, Jesse!

 oops. Ecuador Ecuador Ecuador Ecuador Ecuador Sorry.

 Hola, mi amigos! I have returned from the land of warmth known as Ecuador (not Equador, as my sister would have you believe). You all had better get bloggin on here, or i'll have some serious butt kickin to do ;) . I got back and almost forgot about the whole blog thing, but I guess I'll be a blog slave again now that i've remembered. Oh, and Carrie, you forgot Carriebird :)

 I learned something today. If you explicitly ask someone NOT to do something, they will definitely do it. The moral of the story? Don't even bring it up in the first place. (Refer to modified nicknames list below)

 How does Pineapple Girl rate?

 Yikes. (That's all I have time for right now. Maybe I'll post more of a response later.)

 Quite the point, Jeff. Yes, the increase of pornographic abundance is definitely due to the fallenness of our flesh. But then you could blame the fallenness on Adam and Eve for having partook (?) of the fruit they were told not to eat. But then, of course, Eve coerced Adam to eat of the fruit, so it's more her fault than his. Oh, but hey, it was the serpent (Satan) who influenced Eve to do it in the first place, so yeah, it's his fault. Oh, but the fruit was there to be eaten, so I guess it's really the fruits fault for existing, except that God created that fruit and put it there in the garden, so it's God's fault. In case you haven't noticed, the blame game gets pretty messy. Yeah, it's our fallen flesh that makes us desire the 10 minute excitement of masturbation with the aid of pornography, but it's our own responsibility to not give in to it. And it's quite possible that the government is doing (much) less than it should to prevent pornography from becoming so overwhelming, but when's the last time you let the government know how much of a problem you had with it? It all comes back to you, the citizen. After all, the people are given the power by the constitution, are we not? So I don't think it's right that you blame the secret desire, the devil, or the porn stars, Jeff, but it's also not appropriate that Jon blames the whole problem on male Christians.

 who screwed up this blog... it looks so ghetto on my computer. i know... nice way to start a conversation jeff... ive been MIA... from this site for a very long time... hmmmm the only blog that had anything really recent and really interesting was Jonsblog.... and Kairsies... I was amazed how thought provoking some of the stuff was jon writes "Our country was founded by actions that run in diametric opposition to the Biblical view of government laid out in Romans 13. "Consequently, he who rebels against the authority is rebelling against what God has instituted, and those who do so will bring judgment on themselves." The Declaration of Independence was an act of pure rebellion, which, as fundamentalist parents love to tell their children, is as the sin of witchcraft. We seem to think that because we won we were justified. Nowhere in scripture is victor's justice provided for." I found it interesting to think about... and I believe to ONLY use Rom 13 to define your worldview is a dangerous way to live. You really need to take the whole of scripture to find out how to live. I had to disagree though with this statement... " The United States Supreme Court is not responsible for the overabundance of pornography in our culture. Lazy, selfish, sinful Christians (male Christians) are. " uuuhhhhh no... I don't think so... how can you blame that on male christians? Call me simpleminded, but arent the pornographers responsible for creating pornography? And the consumers who pay for it are feeding the beast. I don't like being blamed for it. I believe most of the blame needs to go to our inner flesh - who desires a quick fix to a emotional need... oh, and a physical need in some cases. And some of the blame needs to go to the enemy the devil, who roams around the earth seeking whom he might devour... And some of the blame needs to go to the females, who prostitute themselves and their pictures for CASH.

 Things I'm procrastinating on: The email telling everyone about my interim trip to Ecuador Cleaning my room Finishing my journal for my interim course Eating dinner.

 You are EVERY NEW DAY. You don't just want to exist - you want to live, and you're going to do it. You take every day for what it is - a gift from God. People love you because you are so vibrant and so full of purpose. As long as you're following God, people will follow you, and you will lead them to the joy and peace that you have found. "Here's my heart / Let it be forever Yours / Only You can make / Every new day seem so new..." - Five Iron Frenzy urlLink What Five Iron Frenzy song are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 I want the little comment thingies on my blog! How do I get them?

 You are KAMIKAZE. You are strong, independent, and a little insecure. Like this song, you are beautiful, powerful, and probably underappreciated. Your life has been missing something. You're tired of the same old thing, and you've figured out what it is, but you're still a little bit afraid to go after it. Don't be. It's going to be all right. "I'm going in (One two three and four) / Like a kamikaze (Like Geronimo) / A leap of faith (And I finally feel alive) / Three two one I'm going in..." - Five Iron Frenzy urlLink What Five Iron Frenzy song are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 You are EULOGY. You are strong and beautiful on the outside, but on the inside, you are tired, lonely, and you want to go home. You know people love you, but you want more than to be loved; you want to be understood. You look around the world, and all you see is death, sickness, and broken spirits. Don't give in. Look to God, and He will give you the strength to make an impact on this world during your stay here. Then you can go home. "And good-bye to everything / Sayonara everyone / They are tired / Write the eulogy..." - Five Iron Frenzy urlLink What Five Iron Frenzy song are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 A) I didn't know that Kairsie started blogging again. I think that Jeff needs to blog more. B) Be shocked everyone, I blogged on the joint Kelly/Rachel blog today! (shocking, I know!)

 Permalinks for my posts.... urlLink Patriotism and the Bible urlLink Five Solemn Judges (The Supreme Court and Pornography) I see your point, Jeff, but I think you pulled my statement out of context. Perhaps the statement "Christians (male Christians)" is an oversimplification. I'll write more later if I think about it.

 Haha. I already have heart and brain. Go me!

 Winston Churchill once said "if you aren't a liberal at 20, you have no heart; if you aren't a conservative at 30, you have no brain." I think that is an interesting statement.... and completely explains jons and my differing views on many topics... even though we often end up agreeing in many ways once we mentally wrestle each other to the ground.

 But wait! There's urlLink more !

 urlLink Here's some randomosity for you.

 But no truly random answer Jeff? BTW Jon, you should not add comments to your blog. The whole point of your blog was to be not mainstream. Plus if you did, with Jamie around your comments would be longer than your blog post it's self. A good question I came across on the quizzing board.... If Egypt did not have light for three days did they have fire? Did it burn but not give off anylight, or did it just dissappear?

 oh.... a truly random question...

 Ummmmm. I think it's another name for 4 squares. Or maybe it's a ball for people who are really boring and square.

 anyone know what square ball is?

 "There are times when you find lobsters in a bucket that can't climb out. Why won't they climb away? Because other lobsters pull them down."

 i posted this on my blog www.jeffstoltzfus.com, but it was so funny i didnt want you all to miss out on the fun Top Ten Signs Your Amish Teen Is In Trouble: 10. Sometimes stays in bed till after 6am. 9. In his sock drawer, you find pictures of women without bonnets. 8. Shows up at barn raisings in full "Kiss" makeup. 7. When you criticize him, he yells, "Thou sucketh!" 6. His name is Jebediah, but he goes by "Jeb Daddy." 5. Defiantly says, "If I had a radio, I'd listen to rap." 4. You come upon his secret stash of colorful socks. 3. Uses slang expression: "Talk to the hand, cause the beard ain't listening." 2. Was recently pulled over for "driving under the influence of cottage cheese." 1. He's wearing his big black hat backwards.

 Soldiers Manual Of Common Tasks Move Over, Through, or Around Obstacles (Except Minefields) Conditions: Given individual weapon, load carrying equipment (LCE), one smoke grenade, wood or grass mats or chicken wire, a grappling hook, wrapping material, wire cutters (optional) and a buddy. During daylight or darkness, you are at a field location, moving over a route with natural and man-made crossings and obstacles (walls and barbed wire entanglements). Standards: Approached within 100 meters of a suspected enemy position over a specified route. Negotiated each obstacle within the time designated while retaining all equipment without becoming a casualty to a booby trap or early warning device. Performance Steps 1. Cover your advance using smoke when crossing an obstacle. (Task 071-325-4407, Employ Hand Grenades.) 2. Ensure your buddy is covering you since obstacles are normally covered by either fire or observation. 3. Cross barbed wire obstacles. Warning: It is threat doctrine to attach tripwire-activated mines to barbed wire a. Check barbed wire for booby traps or early warning devices. (1) Look for booby traps or early warning devices attached to the barbed wire. (2) Throw a grappling hook with a length of rope attached over the barbed wire. (3) Pull the rope to set off any booby traps or early warning devices. b. Cross over barbed wire using wood, grass mats, or some chicken wire to protect you from the barbs. (1) Throw the wood, mat, or chicken wire over the barbed wire. (2) Cross carefully because such a mat or net forms an unstable path. c. Cross under barbed wire. (1) Slide headfirst on your back under the bottom strands. (2) Push yourself forward with your shoulders and heels, carrying your weapon lengthwise on your body, and holding the barbed wire with one hand while moving. (3) Let the barbed wire slide on the weapon to keep wire from catching on clothing and equipment. d. Cut your way through barbed wire. (1) Leave the top wire in place to make it less likely that the enemy will discover the gap. (2) Wrap cloth around the barbed wire between your hands. (3) Cut partly through the barbed wire. (4) Bend the barbed wire back and forth quietly until it separates. (5) Cut only the lower strands. 4. Cross exposed danger areas such as roads, trails, or small streams. a. Select a point at or near a bend in the road or stream. If possible, select a bend that has cover and concealment on both sides. b. Crawl up to the edge of the open area. c. Observe the other side carefully before crossing. d. Move rapidly but quietly across the exposed area. e. Take cover on the other side. f. Check the area around you. 5. Cross over a wall. a. Roll quickly over the top. b. Do not go over standing upright. 6. Cover your buddy as he crosses the obstacle. Evaluation Preparation: Setup: Select a field location that has crossings, walls, and barbed wire entanglements. Designate a suspected opposing forces position and point it out to the soldiers. Establish a standard by timing yourself and an assistant as you run the course twice. Average times and add 10 percent as maximum time for soldiers. Brief Soldier: Tell soldiers they are going to be evaluated on how they move over, through, and around the obstacles while attempting to get within 100 meters of an enemy position. Tell them they must negotiate at least one of each type obstacle: exposed danger areas, barbed wire, and a wall. Tell them they must run the course within the standard.

 I had chicken wire for breakfast this morning. Okay. Not really...but I just wanted to encourage Jeff in his randomosity.

 chicken wire never hurt anyone

 Whoa... Bess? I had that thing in high school and it sucked so much. I couldn't do freaking anything. I couldn't check my freaking Hotmail. Bess sucks. I managed to get around her at the end of 8th grade, for about two weeks. But then our system administrator fixed that hole. Stupid SysAdmin.

 I wish I could take the FIF song quiz, but Bess (our wonderful internet filtering program at Calvin) blocks quizilla. Much unyay.

 The other one you got wrong was about my favorite room in the house. Everyone seems to be getting that one wrong. Oh, and very few people know my middle name, but the choice they make is much better than my actual middle name, so I'll just pretend that's it. Everyone else should take the quiz too! Do you know the urlLink Taj? This blog is so boring... but my sister and I cannot be blamed for the lack of activity or faithfulness from everyone else :)

 How sad. I'm a failure as a sister. I got an 80 on my brother's quiz. I definitely should have had at least a 90, though. I totally second-guessed myself and it cost me a whopping 10 points. It was the one about where he wants to live. Hm...what was the other one I got wrong? I forget. Oh well.

 Jeff: you should try diet vanilla pepsi. it's even better....not that i think you should drink diet soda...i mean, uh...crap. i should just shut up. :)

 ohh... and about this Banning Jamie.. hmm.. that would be unjust it would not be only unjust..It would be unnecessary... since he rarely posts here anyways :)

 hey your majesty... whats it take to get a link up in the links section??

 happppppppy birrthdayyy toooooo youuuuuuu happppppppy birrthdayyy toooooo youuuuuuu happppppppy birrthdayyy dear shauna happppppppy birrthdayyy toooooo youuuuuuu virtual beat downs coming your way! are we gonna hang out on saturday???

 um, guess who turned 23 today!! guess guess!! yup that is me!! Happy Birthday to me!! :)

 hoorah! Spring break is upon me!!!

 I hate my new, old keyboard. My old, new one broke. So anyways Mr Administrator, change the layout.

 If I have to take an "Oath of Office" I'm not sure I can continue in this newly given role... Jesus said "Do not swear at all: either by heaven, for it is God's throne; or by the earth, for it is his footstool; or by Jerusalem, for it is the city of the Great King. And do not swear by your head, for you cannot make even one hair white or black. Simply let your 'Yes' be 'Yes,' and your 'No,' 'No'; anything beyond this comes from the evil one." I'll try to refrain from adding an applet that counts dead bodies, but it certainly would help if we had a President that made such applets unnecessarily. Banning Jamie hmm that would be unjust, so I wont.

 3) Delete Jamie from the members list? mwahahaha

 Do we need to conduct a special inauguration service for the new administrator? Is their a special oath of office to administer to someone in this role...Hmmm...maybe something like, "I will pledge to do everything in my power to make this blog not suck", ....or maybe, "I solemnly swear to never use this blog for personal gain". Feel free to contribute any suggestions you all might have and we can administer the oath of office to Jon to officially transfer the power of 'administrator' to him. :) 2 initial suggestions for the new admin 1) Fix the layout....this blog is kinda ugly 2) Resist the urge to add another applet that counts up dead bodies....

 My first addition - adding an XML (Atom) feed. This means that techno-geeks like myself (or anyone else) can now use a news aggregator like urlLink SharpReader to check the Random=Good blog. Just add the address http://swyftx2.blogspot.com/atom.xml to your subscriptions list.

 *raises hand!* Wow! I'm thoroughly honored by my newly bestowed adminstratorship. Hopefully I won't make it suck like the Mafia! Blog sucked.

 oh, Jon, happy administratorship to you! Wanna experiment with the layout?

 *raises hand*

 Happy St. Patrick's Day one day early!! don't forget to wear green!! :)

 Oh my freaking goodness!! Go to this site NOW!!!!!1!1oneone http://www.silverladder.com/literature/humor/canadians/ihate1.htm

 who misses jesse??? [raising his hand]

 I learned a great use for lemons this past summer! After getting all sticky, say from eating lobster or crab, you can use the juice from the lemon to clean your hands, and it sanitizes, too! Germs can't handle the lemon-y freshness of lemon juice! So in that respect, germs=your eye.

 For mad scientists who keep brains in jars, here's a tip: why not add a slice of lemon to each jar, for freshness? - Jack Handey

 Shauna: Thanks, amanda hunny I talked to you on your birthday. I'm sorry I didn't wish you a happy birthday. Then I tried to send you an ecard that was difficult but, I'm so very glad you were born. Ok love ya. by Carrie Ann

 Ain't it great when you have all the effects of a hangover without drinking a drop?

 oops. Shauna, I definitely sent you a birthday greeting on March 4th, which means I definitely put your birthday on the wrong day on my phone. Sorry about that. :)

 i do not think that i have any spare boys to ship back east but if i come up with any they will go straight to you!

 Shauna: becky is asking if you can ship one to me. I prefer air mail; standard takes to long. Thanks :)

 Hey, I need a date to my formal do you people have any idears? I have no guy friends anymore and the one I asked is busy. I not asking for marriage or even a "date"; I just will be too cute to go alone. I found the prettiest dress in the whole world. Thanks for listening to my plight. Carrie Ann

 :-D Thanks!! Today I celebrated my birthday in the following ways: I took a 3 hour nap I ate ice cream without finishing my dinner I'm listening to one of my two Backstreet Boys cds, which were given to me by my friend Steff on two consecutive birthdays I took TWO showers. Isn't that cool?

 Happy birthday to you WOOO Happy birthday to you WOOO happy birthday dear Jeeeessssseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. Happy birthday toooooooo yyyyyoooooooouuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu.

 Happy birthday, Jesse!

 i dont have it on my list of blogs... so I don't think I can do anything with your name... im not on that list anymore as long as like a year ago or something like that. sorry

 ohhhh.... yeah. It all just blends into one big blogging haze

 urlLink http://live2worship.blogspot.com/

 sorry, yeah, i know i hadnt posted much in a while, but it is very much alive again. www.jeffstoltzfus.com easy to remember Live2Worship... hmmm did we have a blog then - i totally dont remember that. anyway, there is no live2worship blog as far as I am aware.

 Uh, yeah Kairsie... that's great. Sounds like how kelly feels every day in fact. Jeff, I was of the impression that your blog had died, and thus: no link. Jon, can you delete the mafia blog so it disappears from my list of blogs of which I'm a member? Oh, and Jeff again: can you delete my membership to the Live2Worship blog... since it's dead?

 Jesse, the link to my blog on this page does not work!! help it someone please the world must know of my pursuits!! :)

 I am an aunt! :) Evan Rhys (pronounced "Reese"...it's Welsh) Walls was born this morning to James & Chrissie! Very exciting, my friends, very exciting! In other news...yours truly will not be moving to California. While most of me is somewhat relieved, I have to admit I'm a little disappointed. I'm all about getting out of Berks county, but the idea of being THAT far was a little overwhelming for a while there. I was just starting to get used to the idea...oh well. So it's looking like we'll be moving to Philadelphia at the end of the school year, afterall. That could change, though. Who knows. We're learning to live one day at a time and leave our plans in His hands. It's a wild ride. :)

 For those of you who care, Kairsie is ok, and in good care. If you want more details, call me on the tele.

 Good! We can handle that! I thought you were going to ask for something hard, like a stylish theme or something.

 i would like it to pay off my college debt and provide me with a job :)

 What would YOU like out of the Random=Good blog?

 Thanks! :)

 fixed.

 So apparently that GMail offer isn't available to all users, just some. If any of you see the little ad offering you a GMail account but don't want it, urlLink let me know .

 If someone could refresh my memory of Janelle's email address, that would rock! -Kelly

 Oh yucky! This layout is ugly

 Hi Remy! Hope you're having a fabulous end-of-the-semester! :) Sadly, I don't think I'll be able to come visit Tajesse before the end of the semester...so no more bunnies this year. :( Unless! Unless you come to visit us in PA! :)

 Yeah, so I had a dream about Taj, but I can't figure out how to post to his dream blog! So I guess all of you will have to wait in suspense until.....

 I was offered the Gmail, and would love to use it, but I'm having some sort of problem with my browser not accepting cookies, even though I tried setting it to accept all cookies. Grumblage.

 Dude, why isn't my name on the links? I update mad often.

 My brother's coming home soon! Yay! In other news, keep prayin', kids. Chile is seeming closer by the day, and we want to make sure we're being led by the Lord and not just by our own excitement! Welcome back, Shaunstah. :) I missed ya, sweetie.

 ooh! pretty! very exciting!

 Cool, now I don't need to update the links. If you update your own profile, someone can just click your name (

 Whoa, totally freaked out! Blogger's gone on cocaine! or maybe morphine... Our Random blog has received 1,033 posts! woohoo! Who wants to hear something exciting!!!!

 My blog is now at: urlLink http://tajdawg.blogspot.com Go there, or be circle!

 Everyone pray for me, I have a job interview friday.

 I'll post these here so that the R=G blog is not left unloved: "If God wanted people to mix, he wouldn't have put different colors in different parts of the world." -Danricc, Degryn, Daniel etc. "Not like people segregation, but dogs-shouldn't-mate-with-cats segregation!" -Rachel "We'll all be died." -Jon "Happiness isn't happiness without a violin-playing goat." -Julia in Notting Hill

 I bet a fun thing would be to go way back in time to where there was going to be an eclipse and tell the cave men, "If I have come to destroy you, may the sun be blotted out from the sky." Just then the eclipse would start, and they'd probably try to kill you or something, but then you could explain about the rotation of the moon and all, and everyone would get a good laugh. Handy

 this blog is so boring without the debates of yesteryear. sorry... maybe it just needs more randomness

 hey Amanda, do you still have stuff to sell from your house? i need some furnature... just thought i would ask let me know, or if anyone else knows of some stuff that would rock too!!

 well i am in Tennessee now, weird being in the south!! thanks to everyone who went to have thai food and hung out with me before i left!! i miss you, but will be back for visits for sure and you are all welcome to come stay down here, i have room! :)

 Why did you quote Julia Roberts in that?&nbsp; She wasn't hanging out with us.&nbsp; We didn't even watch that movie!&nbsp; Silly kids.... -Rachel

