 Primal Love Subterrainean Love Iron Love Ethereal Love Which love is yours?

 "Wait. Thats not all. Theres something else I wanted to say, too... I know that things between us are pretty much beyond repair right now. And I wouldnt ever presume to try and make everything better with a conversation, so thats not with this is -- but I just wanted to tell you, I wanted to say about everything that happened last spring... Im sorry. Im sorry for my part in it. And Im sorry for the pain I know it caused you. But mostly Im sorry because I miss our friendship. And however far off it may be, I look forward to the day that we can be friends again. So, until then..." dawsons creek

 "Get a little anxious sometimes you'll be gone and I'll be left behind. Get a little nervous sometimes it'll be my cue and I'll forget my lines . Get a little lost look and some staring from the corner of my eye. Never really mastered disinterest"

 I know im not your favorite record. its getting late. im getting tired. its almost time for bed. this is side one. flip me over. bhahahahaha. where is your boy? I may be an accident but i'm still trying. Dead On Arrival. i contemplate the day we wed. the god of wine is crouched down in my room you let me down i said it. well this drama is a bore. and i dont want to play no more. the bluebird of happiness is on my monitor and i just realized tat just now when i looked at it. i initially pulled it off of a birthday card my aunt sent me. liked it so much i stuck it on this monitor and its been there ever since. need to install scanner. need to scan pictuers. need to develop picturesl they are from march for christs sake. nah i dont want to grow it out nah so im just about ready for bed. ready to change out of these clothes and jump between the sheets.. i want to mosaic some more. im missing it. lame? yeah but i really do. so m maybe its my hidden talent so i was thinking about college. i wasnt really i was just so bored that it seemed cool to take the virtual tours at school websites? cool you say? YES I SAY! so columbias cool and uw madison. actually that websites pretty dumb but i like the school anyway im seeing how long i can ramble on before im stopped by some unexplainable force. i think in now and then if i had to be a character i would probably be placed as.... teeny or.... roberta? farewelll chris legner youre signing off. just like on apollo 13 houston we have a problem im pretending none of this is happening. ill leave the worrying to you. and here i go im finally free from the ups and downs bed time has come for me.

 ive decided that the worst feeling is thinking youre hungry and you eat something, but you werent even really hungry and the weird, empty feeling is still there. i love late night walks by myself. new york city is evil. i think i should just stop eating because everytime i do, i just feel sick. i cant wait to go on vacation. i just need to get out of this state for a while. note to anyone: feel free to burn me cds for the 12 hour road trip. this is supposed to be a road trip, all were doing is driving. i took a nap outside today. i wish i had a hammock. i wish the june bug i killed two nights ago wasent still sitting on my computer desk. pizza hut buffet tomorrow. should be fun. awkward is the new cool. no doubt about it. my parents say that my sleeping habits are really bad and i should try to change them. i cant wait to wake up tomorrow and realize i dont have to work. ive never been so alone and ive never been so alive. so many songs in my head. becoming what you hate. im off. living life likes its going out of style.

 I've seen sinking ships go down with more grace than you

 thank you charlie...and this time i'm not being sarcastic!

 Oh, Why you look so sad? Tears are in your eyes. Come on and come to me now. Don't be ashamed to cry, Let me see you through, Cause I've seen the dark side too. When the night falls on you, You don't know what to do, Nothing you confess, could make me love you less. I'll stand by you. I'll stand by you. Won't let nobody hurt you, I'll stand by you. So, If you're mad, get mad. Don't hold it all inside, Come on and talk to me now. But hey, what you've got to hide? I get angry too, But I'm a lot like you. When you're standing at the crossroads, Don't know which path to choose, Let me come along. Cause even if you are wrong... I'll stand by you I'll stand by you Won't let nobody hurt you I'll stand by you Take me in into your darkest hour And I'll never desert you I'll stand by you And when, When the night falls on you baby You're feeling all alone Walking on your own I'll stand by you I'll stand by you Won't let nobody hurt you I'll stand by you Take me in into your darkest hour And I'll never desert you I'll stand by you I'll stand by you Won't let nobody hurt you I'll stand by you Won't let nobody hurt you I'll stand by you I'll stand by you Won't let nobody hurt you I'll stand by you

 I found another one of those things.......you know those things that everyone has thats like a weird rule for you but its next to impossible to break the rule.........i think you all know what i mean even if i cant explain it. yeah we got these bendy straws in health and we needed em for an activity and she told us not to bend them........... i almost had a heart attack. either way after the activity she let us bend them so i did and it felt so nice.

 When the night has come And the land is dark And the moon is the only light we see No I won't be afraid No I won't be afraid Just as long as you stand, stand by me And darling, darling stand by me Oh, now, now, stand by me Stand by me, stand by me If the sky that we look upon Should tumble and fall And the mountain should crumble to the sea I won't cry, I won't cry No I won't shed a tear Just as long as you stand, stand by me And darling, darling stand by me Oh, stand by me Stand by me, stand by me, stand by me Whenever you're in trouble won't you stand by me Oh, now, now, stand by me Oh, stand by me, stand by me, stand by me Darling, darling stand by me Stand by me Oh stand by me, stand by me, stand by me

 i could write a lot on the blog right now, but it's pointless.

 thanks a lot charlie. always looking out for me. i need something lucky too.

 lol audrey...remember when you sent me that letter? i had no idea that the first paragraph was lyrics to a song. go alanis! thanks audd. by the way...keiko watch out cuz i told duffy that it was your idea to seran wrap his car so hell be stopping by soon. have fun with that. and thanks for picking up peos wallet too!

 im good to go and im going nowhere fast. this conversation has been dead on arrival. out running around the town eh? not me. id rather sit here in my wet clothes. i think maybe ill go talk to the billhymers now since my friends, by the looks of things, arent returning. in other news, i got hit with a paintball tonight.

 who cares?

 ok why is the louge the most unfulfilling sport in the olympics? because even if you win your still a louger!

 i love allyson schultz. she appreciates things that other people would care less about.

 So i watched a couple movies this weekend. One of them being how to deal, and i liked it too audrey. Al and i also watched a movie on ted bundy, and he recieved over 200 letters a day while he was in prison from women who claimed to be in love with him. weird ass.

 charlie, my mom told me you called. i was at michaels with my neighbor. ive been singing all day so hey anythings possible. i didnt call you back because my mom said you said not to lol. and yes it has has been a weird day.

 audrey i thought i heard you singing today when i was working on my car but i guess not cuz i called. o well its been a weird day.

 Was she asking for it?

 IM SO FUCKING PISSED OFF AT SOME LAME ASS BAND THAT CALLS THEMSELVES CODE ADAM AND THEY EVEN PUT THE 5 POINT STAR INBTWEEN CODE AND ADAM AND FUUUUUUUUUUCK THAT WAS MY IDEA!!!

 im manipulative. and a huge bitch. i deserve to die right? right? is that what you think of me? you used to like me sooo much!!!! and now what you hate me? for somethign that is seriously NONE of your business whatsoever. god that is so fucking annoying. i thought you were so cool. i really thought so. and now what is this? you just turn into some psycho bitch and tellyour online cronies that im some manipulative person and they respond telling you what you want to hear? is that it? its really pathetic that you feel compelled to involve yourself in a situation that is about 25 years too young for you to be concerned with. and its more pathetic that you need to discuss it with people who youve never met but feel like it is completely justifiable to email back and forth personal details of situations that dont remotely involve you. god its sad. i used to think you were SOOOO cool. and it is really disheartening to learn that youre just like everyone else. you need to grow up.

 i cant believe you. you make it hard for me to even want to be friendly. stop kidding yourself

 oh my god bob dole is so funny.

 oh sexy court. i got your text message. how.... vivid? i am expecting a post card soon. so tell me. is spicer really nicer?

 i am very sunburn and have a new green watch.

 weirdest thing ever- O.A.R. is presently flowing through my entire neighborhood very loudly. someone has some REALLY loud speakers.

 i'm begining to feel like im the only one who writes anything

 There's an old joke. Uh, two elderly women are at a Catskills mountain resort, and one of 'em says, "Boy, the food at this place is really terrible." The other one says, "Yeah, I know, and such small portions." Well, that's essentially how I feel about life. Full of loneliness and misery and suffering and unhappiness, and it's all over much too quickly.

 What's normal? Those damn Dawson's river kids, sleeping in each other's beds and whatnot?

 The shit hath hitith the fan... ith.

 it sucks knowing that your life is meaningless. its really nice outside. small, crowded, underground office here i come.

 i have a trench coat

 They'll never hurt you like i do. The feelings change so fast. Safety scares them away. I can't bring myself to say it's my own advice I need. Nowhere and then nowhere. Living trapped inside the chase. i'm through talking the strangest thing but I feel safe when i'm lonely don't take too much cause you'll get burned if it's all at one time if you let me have my way i swear ill tear you apart. Tonight the headphones will deliver you the words that I can't say Stood on my roof and tried to see you forgetting about me Hide the details I don't want to know a thing

 one-way trip can work both ways and loose ends kept untied make better friends the things you buy may someday leave you can you say full ride? i can still see you around .

 Mon - Tues 10 to 6, Wed-Thurs 10 to 8 Friday and Saturday 10 to 5 We are located Exit 355 west 3 miles to Bloomingdale Rd., left to Schick Rd. Right 1 mile we are on the left. (intersects Schick and Springfield) anyone want to go tomrorow?

 SASSY'S ORIGINALS 360 SCHICK ROAD BLOOMINGDALE IL 60108 (630) 894-1395 sassys eh?

 just remembered my prom dress and im linkin it. http://www.jovaniprom.com/findadressdetaillarge.php?seq=51 man. that is cool ass.

 i leave tomorrow for minnesota. thank god. this vacation is long overdue. i feel like im going to miss out on so much. i have to go pack. dont miss me at all.

 if she was meyou would hate me. because the evil things that PEOPLE do who you thought were your friends but youve learned OBVIOUSLY arent because they don't even talk to you before drawing conclusions and passing judgements and its about time that i got sick of you. well hey whatever. so who is this post about? youre wondering is it about you? well if youre wondering, i'm sure yes part of it is about you. so does this make any sense? no because if it did it would be a lot meaner. BEST FRIENDS MEANS I PULL THE TRIGGER. BEST FRIENDS MEANS YOU GET WHAT YOU DESERVE. would you just stop the hating? no one cares about whatever youre trying to prove.

 FAKE IT LIKE YOU MATTER, BECAUSE THATS THE BIGGEST SECRET YOU HAVE TO KEEP!!!!!!!

 my insides are copper and i would kill to make them gold

 so today i guess some people thought it would be cool if the electricity stopped working in my room and still shined brightly in every other room. weird.

 THIS IS ME WITH THE WORDS ON THE TIP OF MY TONGUE AND MY EYE THROUGH THE SCOPE DOWN THE BARREL OF A GUN REMIND ME NOT TO EVER ACT THIS WAY AGAIN!

 I'm out and on the parkway, patient and waiting for headlights, dressed in a fashion that's fitting to the inconsistencies of my moods.

 Is that what you call tact? i swear youre as subtle as a brick in the small of my back.

 Satellite night is how it all starts Over horizon dreams And then you appeared dressed in black You drew the fear out of me As we looked out to the sea Freezing in waters so blue 3AM seems just fine The nightcrawlers have left the bay Could I have so much more to say to you? Did you notice? Fate seemed shy an hour ago Look where that hour got us now Slowly.. I'll wait for you holding all honesty As I watch the sea When you leave here Take in all the sounds of ocean waves just glistening We could just run away We weren't made for this anyway A U.F.O. could steal us now We'd leave the beach to soar against the night sky Over the high tides Could these hours add on to our life stories? Now it's just another day without the sand beneath our feet I'll never let it go I'll keep repeating it all over and over and over Heaven's skies in your eyes You know they fit just fine I heard that song today it just bled of goodbye That summer's gone But the late night hours will still be worn And on the weekends out with your friends Will you remember that mindnight wind aching? Or the suprise before the sunrise It's just every night I miss it so well...

 Any time now I'm gonna wake up and see the day. Any time now I'm gonna wake up and find my way. And by that time now, you're gonna never ever never ever hear me say "That was the longest damn day." Do you ever truly feel that it's a waste of time to live a day? I mean, deep inside have you convinced yourself there's much more to get out of the way? But, for me it's that last baby moment before I wake. It bless my soul, caress my heart, leave me wishing for a brighter day. Any time now I'm gonna wake up and see the day. Any time now I'm gonna wake up and find my way. And by that time now, you're gonna never ever never ever hear me say "That was the longest damn day." Do you ever truly dream and stay inside them before you wake? I mean, deep inside can you relax the mind and grab the minute like the last one to save? Well, for me it's that last baby moment before I rise. It fills me with wonder, it bless my soul, catch the dream before I open my eyes. Any time now I'm gonna wake up and see the day. Any time now I'm gonna wake up and find my way. And by that time now, you're gonna never ever never ever hear me say "That was the longest damn day." One, two, three more days will never be enough for me. One, two, three more lifetimes will bless my soul for my eyes can see That I can wake up if I want to. But I'll just stay inside of my mind. One, two, three more days will never be enough for me. One, two, three more lifetimes will bless my mind for my soul is free. Any time now I'm gonna wake up and see the day. Any time now I'm gonna wake up and find my way

 "Today I woke up, more awake than I have felt in years Not concerned with anything, no tears I'm done with that shit No one is your equal because you're the Queen of Pain Controlling with my moods I'm staring at my shoes while running away Drowning myself is a game I play"

 "why dont you like him?" "because hes dead."

 "hi little deer, my name is glenn"

 hahahha ohhhh sing365.com.

 no one will get this except court but follow me here: punk rock is like joan rivers.

 ive been listening to alkaline trio all day. none of this good mourning bullshit. ive listened to goddammit 5 or 6 times. you said tonight is a wonderful night to die. i asked how you could tell. you told me to look at the sky. look at all those stars. look at how goddamn ugly the stars are. dont forget to let your life rot you inside out.

 i miss you audrey claire

 phantasmagoria

 sinead where have you been all my life

 jeepers creepers 2? noooo more like freddy vs jason dibs on freddy

 audrey lets have a sleepover on monday. well hang out when you get back then ill work and i can hang out after. we can rent camp nowhere and get those misty things at BK. itll be great, i mean itll be great. oh steve stevens. but for real. lets have a sleepover man.

 thrifting today was a big success. 11 shirts for under $7, hanging with the court, and feeling completely disgusting all combined for a fabulous day. grand canyon here i come! oh man i can so picture myself just tripping in the canyon and continuously falling like that one simpsons episode.

 jeepers creepers 2. thats sure to be a hit.

 while sitting behind register #3 today at work i was thinking about having our OWN registers. you could put all your stuff and anything you wanted on it. (side note- i know its lame to think about this.) i know on mine i would include a bunch of signs so people could check themselves twice before entering my line. such signs would include... 1. I'm not a map, dont ask me for directions. 2. No, you cant keep the hangers cheap ass. 3. Swipe your own goddamn card. 4. No glassware allowed. 5. If you're buying a suit and you're in this line, fool get the fuck out. 6. Yes, that is our biggest bag. 7. Bag your own shit.

 now I am def the only one who writes in this.

 god marshalls you ruin all of my non-existant plans.

 i have some cds to buy.

 i just talked to jeanine on the phone. oh man she was stoned.

 OH CANDY GREEN STRAT, how i have missed you so. minnesota was fun, as fun as having fun gets when it comes to having fun with the family. if that makes sense. man i missed 3 calls while i was away! i am too popular for you. you love my sarcasm. i plan on staying online very late tonight for i have missed a whole weeks worth of looking up lyrics and looking at peoples livejournals that i dont know. my brother needs to shut the fuck up. i just spent 12 hours in the car with him. i cant stand much more.

 so i'm sitting around because my relatives and my parents are all getting very drunk. lots of american beer and wine. now they're at the stage where they're getting emotional about how proud they are of eachother. oh dear god.

 i love you randomness is bliss

 i figured i might as well write considering i'm the one of the only bloggers in the state. this is for all your avid blog readers out there! I'M SO EXCITED TO GO THRIFTING WITH COURT AND SARAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 ok me and audrey are going to be at dennys at 600 am.whos there?

 a plague on both your houses

 courtney is a make out queen

 Why does the sun go on shining? Why does the sea rush to shore? Don't they know it's the end of the world? Cause you don't love me anymore... Why do the birds go on singing? Why do the stars glow above? Don't they know its the end of the world? It ended when i lost your love..... I wake up in the morning and i wonder, Why everything's the same as it was..... i can't understand, no- i can't understand, How life goes on the way it does.... Why does my heart go on beating? Why do these eyes of mine cry? Don't they know it's the end of the world? It ended when you said: good bye.

 chris rules

 fu CKY ou

 fuck you, you fucking fuck

 oh my god. i could watch the censor block falling off every day for the rest of my life and it would never get old. i wish i could wake up to the sound of it crashing onto the ground. well maybe. hahahhaha.

 booh yah i cant live withouth toral. i have a big thing in my eye

 today at work my censor block fell off my register. courtney wanted my register to fall off.... my register.... oh man tonight is a laugh-o-rama. nice face court. you fucking oil rig., (79) okay now ive said it like 82 times. it was like brrrrr i didnt do it like i was chilly it was like mahh laugh alugha lugha it was probably like maaahhhhhhhh moooohhhhhahhhhh

 i sound like a t-rex, eh? oh man you sick fuck i think ive said fuck about 78 times today

 "uh-oh, man overboard." "many men."

 dudah85: i have a new alias as a go go dancer on the crime squad! skippysTd: wow thats a keeper skippysTd: when were you given that lovely name? dudah85: chaniqua? dudah85: right now skippysTd: chaniqua? skippysTd: is that even how you spell it? dudah85: it is now skippysTd: well thats fantastic skippysTd: give me an alias dudah85: rowhanda dudah85: but its pronounced foxyboxy skippysTd: hahahahhaahahah

 i havent posted on this in forever. so today i did nothing til after dinner when cebo and dave and tamara showed up. good night, considering big milk fun going on. i missed some puking cuz i had to shit, but i saw tamara puke all over her pants. i was laughing hard. there was an air gun too.....that was cool. scared the shit out of the cat.

 i want a sub. "lucky charm" is a good song. "the catcher in the rye" is a good book. i want a big stereo in my car. actually i just want a new car. TAI sucks. i cant stand those people.

 the simple subtleties of the summer that used to leave me full and content are now leaving me starving with a bad aftertaste. i hate you junior year. NHS application here i come. will i get in? no will keiko? yes will sarah? yes is there a point to continuing living in this fashion? no.

 oops its almost quarter to 4. bed

 ineed a hair cut, more importantly, i need a shower.

 did i just say "pumped"?

 i am wearing a semi tight tshirt right now. sick.

 i enjoy my presque isle tshirt very much. oh man i am so pumped for this sleepover tom.

 crab lake was really really fun. i need a job. i will get one. there is a new swingline stapler on my desk. its blue. cool.

 Ross: I think im gonna drive down to the zoo and surprise Marcel. Chandler: You know, I think he will be surprised until he realizes hes a monkey and hes not capable of that emotion.

 walked into zumiez today and man i guess there was some sort of code red annoucement thing that said "A GIRL WITH A DOUBLE DARE SHIRT HAS JUST ENTERED THE STORE, COMMENT ON IT NOW!" no joke. like four people in a row, "oh man nice shirt!" "wow, were you really on double dare?" "i remember that show!" "i love your shirt! where did you get it?" and then some guy talked to me for like 5 minutes on how thrift stores are so (quote me on this) "hardcore" . hahahahhahhahaha. just wait until i get my salute your shorts shirt.

 cky box set was the best 60 dollars i ever invested. oh man.

 my dad is such a fucking loser. no swearing eh? i cant do it.

 i want to buy haggard tonight.

 after i fainted at work, i decided i need to start eating more and stop starving myself. well see how that goes. time for bracelet making.

 i have a dead journal http://www.deadjournal.com/users/audreyastray/ rock out on that

 haaaaaaaaaaaaaaagard

 "well i think they fuckin' suck! wooowoooowoooddii"

 I

 no woman no cry

 i highly highly highly recommend bowling for columbine for anyone who hasn't seen it yet. it makes me hate many aspects of america. it's so damn good.

 "i dont even know what that is" "its a bad poem by maya angelou" "is that that naked guy?" "HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH no shes a black woman poet" "oh yeah thats D'angelo" "hahahahahahahahahahah"

 locked inside the cage of my soul i know why the caged bird sings

 fuck you you fuckin fuck. a reflection of anguish on a face so innocent

 my friend alex doro has that shirt. she told me to download that song and its pretty cool.

 i got my from autumn to ashes shirt hello, my name is DISTANCE.

 i feel my lady. i feel my lady. go, i feel my lady, at night my baby come to me and make my mind, so i can plan out my future. thinking about the future is so amazing. like, ten years from now i know where i want to be but will i be there? i think i know. its all up to me. oh, its official; im paranoid.

 i just took a personality quiz and it said im a failure as a human being... basically. so . that sucks. but. well i guess quizilla doesn't lie. im otu.

 i've been listening to entirely too much techno. oh yeah, audrey i forgot to tell you. i was at the airport picking up the relatives from the international terminal and who do i see? just think huge fat ass. that's right mr. egan. he was with his wife and the little asians waiting around cringed in disgust. i hid behind my dad.

 i can't let go, i cant pretend

 hahahahahahahahahahhahahahahhaha

 "jeeeeeesus chrrrrrist"

 ok ok ok ok you got me just dont take me off the group blog. uh alright so yesterday we were gonna make halloween 12 but it was shitty so we did some other more interesting things. my summer sucks no ones ever home.

 If no one starts typing im going to start removing members one by one, since i am the administrator, i do have that power.

 Smeared black ink. Your palms are sweaty , I'm barely listening To last demands. I'm staring at the asphalt wondering-- What's buried under me?

 fine then i wont donate to the burnt skin foundation.

 now i feel elated

 oh, ehren megheyeryey as a wigger.

 oh bam, i love you.

 audrey you took the words right out of my mouth. damn. despite being one of the six people in the theater, grind did indeed fucking rule.

 grind fucking rules. I'm going to break your neck like a glow stick

 okay. i had fun this summer. i have golf tomorrow. i should probably go to bed early, but i really want to do something. ill probably end up looking at my buddy list the whole night waiting for someone to come on. oh, and ill call audrey one more time. but i dont want to seem like a stalker...calling all the time and stuff. whatever. i cant wait for the "O.A.R." concert. its going to be awesome. i really want to see "Fall Out Boy" too. so, its 8 and im still bored. i keep looking at my phone to see if ive missed any calls. im listening to music so thats why i cant hear it ring. but, its not going to ring so i have nothing to worry about. tony hawks boom boom huckjam tour is coming october 17th at the united center. it would be pretty cool to go. tickets are $25-75. im debating whether or not to call audrey again. im pathetic. so, i was thinking earlier. well, yeah, i was thinking. thats it. so a couple of days ago this guy on the golf course started calling me keith. i didnt want to be mean and say, "hey, my names steve". he looked and sounded drunk. he was fishing too. the guy crossed our fairway with a fishing pole hanging out of the back of his cart. he was cruising. yeah thats it. if you dont have one anymore fucking get another one. well its now 8:12. ive been thinking about what to write so thats why its taking so long. well ill call audrey in ten minutes lol.

 fuck. i need to stop going to bed so late.

 fuck me? fuck you. ahhahhha oh brandon.

 so we bottled and shelved all our regrets. let them ferment and came back to our senses. drove back home and slept a few days. woke up and laughed at how stupid we used to be

 ive posted the last 11 entries and this is 12. fuck you guys.

 im falling into memories of you and things we used to do

 i promise not to try not fuck with your mind. i promise not to mind if you go your way and i go mine. i promise not to lie if im looking you straight in the eye. i promise not try not to let you down.

 for the love of fucks sake

 i'm tired of living this life and living this lie

 "sick skull" you guys rule

 okay dad youre a chiropracter. you know all. whatever makes you sleep at night.

 yes, that is me in the newspaper.

 thanks to everyone who has made my summer a good one overall. some things were bittersweet, but shit happens. i have found out what friendship is. i've made new ones, strengthened old ones, and hopefully not lost any. and as i sit here listening to shitty european techno, i'm looking forward to junior year...some parts of it at least.

 keiko came over and brought me a LARGE i.c. mocha and an asiago cheese bagel. isnt it weird how well some people know you? so weird.

 we need archives on this thing.

 i am exhausted.

 we put this festival on you bastards with a lot of love we worked for one year for you pigs and you want to break our walls down or you want fuckin' to destroy us well you go to hell Kids running around naked fuckin' in the bushes Kids running around naked fuckin' in the bushes Kids running around naked fuckin' in the bushes Kids running around naked fuckin' in the bushes i love it room for everybody here yes, all are welcome yes indeed, i love them fun, nice, life, youth, beautiful i'm all for it

 what a bad weekend.

 holy fuck. i almost died today. in my car. 5 more inches and my car would of flipped and i would be dead in lying in a ditch. 5 inches. i have never been more scared yet so calm in my entire life.

 dance audition today...time to dance around with 100 pound girls! yay!

 what you call love is a risk, because you always get hit.

 yeah. i fucking hate everyone. i cant do the no swearing either. okay COZ?! convince yourself that everything is alright. cause it already is!!!!!!!!!!

 carter, its cool to see youre posting again. or something. advice- dont work at a job you hate or that requires lots of standing.

 just live. advice is dont spend your junior year doing homework. but more importantly dont slack off for your entire life and then expect to be ableto just pick it up like its a normal routine. because its not. and dont expect too much from yourself, but dont sell yourself short either. dont let procrastination get the best of you but dont spend more than 3 hours on homework a day. dont wait till the last minute to write essays. dont forget your friends. dont be judgemental. have empathy towards other people. be compassionate. be everything that i'm not.

 cheater cheater pumpkin eater. its a year down the drain but i dont feel that its some how justified. any advice will do.

 i squint when the butter gets too low. destroy. audrey, deploy the fish of pain.

 ill give you a hug my quaint buttercup

 Im not hungry today, I'm looking to listen to some good music and hug anybody. everybody. somebody. nobody.

 cuz its to take these chances, and its cool to fake romances. and grow up fast, and grow up fast and GROW UP FAST!

 Sleep with all the lights on. You're not so happy. You're not secure. You're dying to look cute in your blue jeans, but you're plastic just like everyone. You're just like everyone. And that face you paint is pressed impressing most of us as permanent and I'd like to see you undone. College night will draw the crowds. Dorms unload & your heading out. Here is your moment to shine.

 ill have you know, audrey called me fishorn today. it was great.

 me: oh im sorry i got excited and accidentally ripped your recipt in half custormer: well then you should tape it. do you have tape? me: no i dont customer: well maybe you should pay more attention, you didnt say one word to us the entire time becaus eyou were too busy talking to your friend so you should pay more attention to your customers. asshole. thanks court.

 frack698: i sthere a matress? skippysTd: yeah lol skippysTd: i sleep on it frack698: ohh ok skippysTd: haha oh so THERES where you got the honey bunny frack698: i jus tneed to pciture it I NEED TO KNOW HOW YOU GO TO SLEEP AND WHAT YOUR ROOM LOOKS LIKE AT EVERY MOMENT OF EVERY DAY. frack698: ha frack698: yeah frack698: lol i dotn call you honey bunny audrey frack698: ahhaha skippysTd: hahahahaha skippysTd: aww i wished you did frack698: alright a will skippysTd: oh courtney youre the funniest person ive ever met frack698: really? thanks that is tTHE best compliment. you are n doubt the funniest person ive ever met also.; skippysTd: fantastic. we rule funny. skippysTd: i dont knwo where i was going with that frack698: hahha or where it was headed frack698: ali said that one night at your house. i stole her line skippysTd: slightly bruised and broken from our head on collision skippysTd: hahahaha skippysTd: yeah you did frack698: eh oh well.

 me: do you want to donate a dollar to childrens diabetes? customer: credit card.

 I went there and Im still square.

 http://www.picturetrail.com/thechoke be there or be square. urlLink

 hahahahahhahahahahaha

 my mouth tastes like shit. thats the most disgusting little cardboard box ive ever laid my eyes on. asking when people got so fucking stupid is like asking where the universe ends.

 sick. i hate waking up at 2:45. i dont even know which meal to have.

 it cant go unsaid. audrey rules everybody. actually thats gonna confuse some people i hope. cuz its like, well shit does she really rule everybody? is everybody ruled by her? or then you switch it up and she just rules period and im just informing everybody. see its missing that little coma so its a crazy one. lots of people talking. there will be followers and then the protesters who say commas......hey wait ive been spelling comma as coma. no wait it was just once. whoooops.

 and when you said i could not stay with you. thats not the way you would have wanted to be. convince yourself that everything is alright. cause it alright is. dont sell your heart and break just anyone.... So take your lessons hard and stay with him When your car crash comes, don't be misled

 i would like to say this "carter rules"

 am i just paranoid or am i just stoned?

 It was something real that I could have had Now I play the fool whose stable soul's gone bad Why?

 THIS IS THE COMPLETE COLLECTION OF THE WONDER YEARS. ALL 115 EPISODES ON VHS. Starring Fred Savage. This is a truly great collection with very good quality. Shipping is $10. U.S. SHIPMENT ONLY. oh my god. ebay. you are the greatest thing to ever happen to me.

 wonderwall.

 After going to a very small catholic grade school, I told my parents I needed more than eight friends. So my sister, Gloria, who's a year older, and I got to go to a public high school in Saugerties, NY. In the morning my sister would be like, ''You're kidding me. You're not going to wear that shirt." And I was like, "You're right. What am I thinking?'' So instead I'd change my shirt and, of course wear the ''Who Farted?" one instead. I never had a serious girlfriend in school. I think I went out with a couple of my sister's friends, but her thing was like, ''No ones good enough for my brother," and I was the same way with her. I'd hook up with people, but just kind of hang out with them. I went to the prom with this cool girl named Lori Mullen. Most people rent limousines-we took a U-Haul truck and turned it into an apartment. -Jimmy Fallon

 well.

 "Foul words is but foul wind, and foul wind is but foul breath, and foul breath is noisome; therefore I will depart unkissed."

 "I had rather hear my dog bark at a crow than a man swear he loves me."

 "O God, that I were a man! I would eat his heart in the market-place."

 oh mr micheletto, you are so cool.

 Carter is my only sneeze.

 first row pit. fuck skillz and lord of brooklyn. o.a.r. fucking rules. robert randolph and the family band, and the roots were good too. i want to be in front for every show that i ever go to.

 i was holding her and shes been gripping me tight, so tight.

 haha its been a day since ive seen you. well 2 i suppose. i cant bare it.

 i miss you courtney.

 ive ripped a lot of wallpaper off my walls.

 come back hitting a wall. so lucky to not see him going straight.

 the song you are referring to is "Du hast" (spelling?) by Rammstein. cool huh?

 tonight driving home from work, i heard this great song and i recognized it from somewhere. and i said hey, this is from cky. its like doo doo has doo doo has (or maybe those are really words that i cannot understand) and it has like video game sounds in the backround. sweet.

 just got in from the library. checked out college planning for dummies and the encyclopedia of ghosts. i am so hardcore.

 ONE GOOD THING ABOUT MUSIC: WHEN IT HITS YOU, YOU FEEL NO PAIN.

 something always comes from the music anyway

 i got these volatile sandals yesterday at work for like 5.80. they are really cool. im like 6 ft with them on? im so tall and im so fucking cool.

 i listen to a lot of OAR

 the love i bitch about i finally found.

 i got the part. so is everyone coming to the fall play?

 i contemplate the day we wed. your friends are boring me to death. your veil is ruined in the rain.

 ''how many hours do you work a week?'' ''like 4''

 i got all of my homework done in lunch because me being the loser i am, instead of going off campus or actually eating, i do psychology.

 god all my pens ran out of ink so i had to use PENCIL the last 5 periods. yeah. that was def the sickest thing to happen to me today.

 ''how are your last few minutes before hell?'' ''bitter and cold, just like my soul''

 today was so dumb i think the only funny part was when i joined a cult in phsycis and i just wrote "4" all over everything and backwards. id idnt do much besides laugh at my teacher that houra dn at myself. but more at my teacher because that dumbass deserves it. MS. G NUMBER 4. not like anyone knows that or underatnds but its funny anwyasy

 i think the most pathetic thought of today is, ''it would be kind of cool to have a livejournal''

 hi you can call me officer pat, officer pat christianson, officer friendly, officer christianson.

 today on my way into the shower i accidently grabbed the wrong cd and had to listen to nelly and jay-z instead. lets just say i wasent that upset about it.

 people need to really stop trying so fucking hard.

 one time i made a Cd switch of Pig Destroyer's Prowler in the Yard to Alanis Morisette's Jagged Little Pill. its a cool little thing to be proud of isnt it?

 i just listened to atreyu and then shakira. hows that for variety?

 youve got this silly way of keeping me on the edge of my seat.

 ill keep the lights low so she knows i mean business and maybe we can talk this over because i can be your best bet let alone your worst ex. i want to hate you so bad, but i cant stop this anymore than you can.

 This wont mean a thing come tomorrow and thats exactly how Ill make it seem Cause I'm still not sleeping, thinking Ive crawled home from worse than this So please, please Im running out of sympathy and I never said Id take this I never said I'd take this lying down SHE SAYS COME ON COME ON. LETS JUST GET THIS OVER WITH. y ou always come close but you never come easy.

 But I love the way you roll excuses off the tip of your tongue AS I SLOWLY FALL APART.

 so ive been awake since 4:45 and i figure its bout time to come online. so yeah the dog slept in my room last night. it was a pleasant experience until he pissed in my room.

 What would you Think of me now So lucky, so strong, so proud? I never said thank you for that now I'll never have a chance

 im sad.

 my worst nightmare almost happened the other day. oh god it was scary.

 i wish sarah langdon was still in my gym.

 just a comment about walking up and down the stairs at schaumburg high school: i hate when youre walking up the stairs and youre behind a kid with this huge backpack so naturally its right in your face. and i also hate when youre walking down the stairs behind a kid who has a huge backpack because you cant walk because your knees keep hitting it.

 "so about that crucible paper...yeah i dont think were going to do it." mr micheletto you are my god. those words bring so much joy to my heart.

 just because its not summer doesnt mean you cant stay online till 3 with me.

 no i cant fuck a scary ho

 You know I - thug em, fuck em, love em, leave em Cause I don't fuckin need em Take em out the hood, keep em lookin good But I don't fuckin feed em First time they fuss I'm breezin Talkin bout, "What's the reasons?" I'm a pimp in every sense of the word, bitch Better trust than believe em In the cut where I keep em til I need a nut, til I need to beat the guts Then it's, beep beep and I'm pickin em up Let em play with the dick in the truck Many chicks wanna put Jigga fist in cuffs Divorce him and split his bucks Just because you give good head, I'ma break bread so you can be livin it up? Shit I.. parts with nothin, y'all be frontin Me give my heart to a woman? Not for nothin, never happen I'll be forever mackin Heart cold as assassins, I got no passion I got no patience And I hate waitin.. Hoe get yo' ass in

 show me the way to bed. fucking you is such a blur, i love all the things you do.

 i'm feeling this.

 Steve, don't you ever talk about my friend like that again. She is a great person and you know it.

 i hope this winter is a cold one.

 you are such a john candy's polka band in the smash hit home alone.

 ive been hyped up on this dream all day.

 dsjlkfhshdfhj oh man oh man steve oh man. ha.

 what can you say about the weather? it aint gonna rain on this parade. well i feel your soul its light as a feather. and im flat out going insane. ladada hey ohhhh.

 oh my gosh. keiko is soooooooo annoying. hmmm.... how about not ignoring me all the damn time you stupid bitch? i really cant stand her anymore. i thought it would get better but i guess not. what a surprise!!! i really like audrey. alot. suck on that one keiko. or is your mouth full already? ouch. sorry.

 6 characters

 my password is the secret name of my forbidden desires.

 hey. im in english right now. and i dont kwnow what to say. godi feelsoprssured for hte teacheris going to seeme. why am i talking like this? well i have a derm appta fter schoolandi am wearing a skirt today to work and im actuallykindof excited. so yeah. yeah jeanine justtold me i lead an exciting life.yeah okay tell mesomething i dontknow. imjustsick of wearing loungepants and hobby lobby tshirts to work.soits about timefor a dressup.yes the onlyskirti ownis what im wearing.

 dont ever take ap us

 clocking out at work at 9:36 is the greatest thing to happen to me.

 oh my little english major

 delias sweater page 65. and the one on page 76. cool stuff.

 new york was fun. most of the time audreys mom just yelled at us about talking about shitting and the different styles of shits. oh my little football star.

 court and tray never take my car keys i wonder why?

 Miss Lippy, the part of the story I don't like, is that the boy stops looking for his dog after an hour. He just sits on his porch like a goon, he didn't put up posters or anything. That boy's gotta think "You got a pet, you got a responsibility! You can't just look for an hour and call it quits. So you get your ass out there and you find that fuckin' dog!"

 what did i do today?

 hey the law says we can legally camp out here for two weeks.!

 today after falling on and over the gate two or three times and falling down the stairs, my dad said and i quote, "court you are on drugs, im taking you to rehab" and me, "oh yeah dad the first sign of drug addiction is tripping over gates" "court, go to bed." well ive already explained this to skippystds away message but heres for all you other fans out there, you know when youre in the middle of doing something, like tripping, but you know its too late to stop it? like you cant help it so youre just like well i guess im goin down. thats so funny because you know its coming so youre like grinning as you crash and plunge into the ground (earths crust). this one time my dad bought these desert boots off of ebay. which is funny in itself but its also weird because my dad never buys things off of ebay. ecspecially not graphing calculators. this post will end. catch my sarcasm. have you ever been like talking to your relatives and like completly droned them out and been thinking like, god you are so boring. thats a con of fam parties. theyre arent many pros. bye.

 she finally took her own life, insisting it was for the better.

 Like any uncharted territory I must seem greatly intriguing You speak of my love like You have experienced love like mine before But this is not allowed You're uninvited

 you would kill for this.

 a realization of how its always been.

 turning golf road into a 6 lane highway is the dumbest idea schaumburg has ever had.

 but but but i i, but youre part of the game right?

 what are you laughing at yeah yeah you look like a duck.

 Yeah i saw it. the wretched thing is that only a select few could have predicted that. you and me make up most of that few.

 carter did you see that fucking shit man? call me.

 i. love. you.

 best. mood. ever.

 today i woke up more alive than ive felt in years.

 everything has got a sense of permanence attached to it sucks you in and feeds you until finally you're used to it and now you're so dependant now you're so defensive now you're finding reasons why their all wrong so in love with all your vices you can't change or move on and it comes to this such tragic endings you shake your fist just stop pretending it comes to this such tragic endings it's hit or miss just stop pretending now everyone keeps asking you "what exactly happened?" you've got all these excuses but you don't have an answer because you don't know your self you don't know your own weaknesses you're always innocent because you're never honest so wrapped up in your perspective morality has become an opinion

 practice 6-9. i need to do my psuychology report and my ap us. osdhjgasdgbnaskgln

 Saw Court today at Circuit City. I was with the lovely Carter Schultz of course. "Who's the wildman now? Who's the wildman now?"

 Carter Schultz, you fucking rock. Mike O'Neill, you're funny as hell. The V show is going to be very cool I guarantee that Mike will rock ice. "My love for you is like an endless river flowing from the mountains." It's a classic line. I kind of want to dress up like a goblin for Halloween. Like the crazy ass hobgoblin I was dressed up as one night at Audrey's. I looked amazing. Good night, and rest assured that the sun will rise in the morning. Love to almost everyone. 'Night.

 uhmmmm althea! what are you doing? i took a shot! youre shooting with althea?!! althea is correct. nice shooting!

 I'm not in the friend zone. ross, youre mayor of the zone.

 thats alright fellas, i saw a kitchen this morning. on tv. stop talking. okkkkayy.

 Joey: Just tell him Joey sent you. He'll know what it means. Chandler: Gee, I don't know. Do you think he'll be able to crack that code?

 Joey: "I may only have a couple of drinks in me, but I love you man!" Chandler: "I'm still on my first. I just think you're nice."

 MARY: In honor of Paceys birthday Ive made his favorite: chipped beef on toast. PACEY: Its Dougs favorite, actually. My favorite is spaghetti and meatballs. MARY: But -- when you were a kid, you always begged me to make chipped beef on toast. PACEY: Right, I forgot. All these years, Ive pretended to hate chipped beef on toast, in a vain attempt to mask my true feelings of love. DOUG: Well, I love chipped beef on toast. PACEY: Yes, that fact is well established. Thank you.

 radiohead

 i believe in medication and i believe in therapy and i believe in crystal light cause i believe in me yeah it's so uplifting fuck yeah i barely have motivation they say i suffer from a lack of serotonin synapses they happen too infrequently for me to be functioning properly i took the pills i took the advice the panic stopped but i'm still not right racing thoughts and wasted time it's the same old story-line this is my nursery rhyme and it goes: i believe in medication and i believe in therapy and i believe in crystal light cause i believe in me yeah it's so uplifting fuck yeah i'm barely off the medication and now the walls are closing in again i can't breathe and i can't bleed will you be my alibi? tell them that i truly tried to give in?

 its 930 and im doing homework. billy budd blows alright?

 why do they rock so hard?

 it also = priceless. you piss ant

 me reciting the preamble + tray making random concoctions + audrey sticking toast to me + audrey telling me to "shut the fuck up" every five mintues = last night.

 satellite night is how it all starts Over horizon dreams And then you appeared dressed in black You drew the fear out of me As we looked out to the sea Freezing in waters so blue 3AM seems just fine The nightcrawlers have left the bay Could I have so much more to say to you? Did you notice? Fate seemed shy an hour ago Look where that hour got us now Slowly..I'll wait for you holding all honesty As I watch the sea When you leave here Take in all the sounds of ocean waves just glistening We could just run away We weren't made for this anyway An I.F.O. could steal us now We'd leave the beach to soar against the night sky Over the high tides Could these hours add on to our life stories? Now it's just another day without the sand beneath our feet I'll never let it go I'll keep repeating it all over and over and over Heaven's skies in your eyes You know they fit just fine I heard that song today it just bled of goodbye That summer's gone But the late night hours will still be worn And on the weekends out with your friends Will you remember that mindnight wind? Or the suprise before the sunrise It's just every night I miss you so well...

 fuck you nhs

 I won't be bitter. I won't be mad at you. I'll only be heartbroken and alone.

 FINE I ADMIT IT. courtney didnt "run" into my door frame. per se. i sort of checked her into it. SORT OF. sorry court. hope that really red mark doesnt mean anything serious.

 "gee what a great way to kick me when im down"

 today i ran full force into audreys door frame. court you gotta relax when running for the computer chair. you gotta relax when you make the crank calls. i could of sworn i was in the middle of the doorway.

 i hate my brother too.

 i hate my parents as of now. i love audrey and tray. thanks. bye.

 My sn is blocked on aim. that being skippystd. so im using a new sn - LadyLazarus72- until further notice. i dont have a buddylist to upload and i cant remember anyone so just im me on that. yeah?

 ---Listen, here's the clever one who speaks before his thoughts are done.---

 "my princess, older sister." oh dream on audrey, mike o'neill will never be yours. never!

 science olympiad-future gay asses of america.

 "i hit this kid in the face with the door when i was opening it and i was like "'oh im sorry"' and he didnt say anything. so apparantly i hit a robot." -sarah langdon.

 Tom: (throws pizza) get off my property! Louis: hey the law says we can legally camp out here for two weeks! its just never gonna get old.

 its the perfect blend of cherry flavored ice particles.

 maybe alll i want is a friday the 13th shirt.

 hahah/

 "hello this is buddy elf, whats your favorite color?"

 "no. i actually hate elf"

 hahahahahahahahahha

 me- "so you wanna be ryan dunn?" audrey- "yeah, who do you wanna be, bam? me- "no i think i wanna be rabb." ohhhhh these 48 hours.

 you know youve been spending a lot of time with audrey when you start typing "thechoke" in for your username.

 THE PLAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHO: ME, LAUREN MANGIAFORTE, DANA PETERS, MIKE O'NEILL, TIM SHAW, LINDSAY BUKIET (SPELLING), AND ALLIE WALKER, ALONG WITH DANCERS. WHAT: CINDERELLA WHERE: THE CARL WEIMER AUDITORIUM WHEN: NOVEMBER 21ST AND 22ND (NEXT FRIDAY AND SATURDAY) TIME: 7:30 PRICE: $7.00 FOR ADULTS, $5.00 FOR STUDENTS AND CHILDREN

 yes. i remember all of that. rememeber when we hibernated in your room for two weeks straight last winter break? well at least now we can watch all of dawsons creek season 1! remember when we ate out at wendys? oh wait we do that every weekend. remember when we talked shit about everyone? oh wait we do that every day. wait heres one we didnt do everyday. remember when we saw rick litz at steak and shake and you said "yeah, i know" in that little girl voice. hahahhaa. im out.

 and just kidding about the lady lazarus thing. its actuall gloryfades72. so. i dont know. they aer both lame but whatever.

 hey court remember when we watched halloween 3 last night and michael meyers wasnt in it? that was lame. lol. remember when we went to coldstone too? yeah. that was pretty good. well to me at least. so today's your birthday? who knew? not me lol. so ill probably see you in less than 6 hours. i hope youre ready. since your lame ass saw the present already. its fine. well this was one bad post. remember when your bro started singing aladin at your house last week? or were you upstairs? i saw him in the hall again and he just stared at me hhaha. oh johnny. dear johnny. hahahahahah no?

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY COURT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 "you sold your dead bird to a blind kid?" "lloyd, i took care of it!"

 HAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHASHAHAHAHAHaHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!! thank god the weather is getting colder otherwise i think i would be turning into a burning ember any day now.

 hahah. i havent taken my jacket off all day. surprisingly enough, im not as hot as an ember.

 "senior citizens, through slow, and dangerous behind the wheel, can still serve a purpose. dont you go dying on me!"

 "I'm talkin' about a place where the beer flows like wine, where the women instinctively flock like the salmon of Capistrano. I'm talkin' about Aspen." "I don't know Lloyd, the French are assholes."

 MAN it is exhausting running away from steve habel in the halls.

 boooooooooooooooo bahhhskfahnos;n im leaving in a few hours

 "because when i look at you i want to fall apart. and if falling apart means going to sleep forever and never waking up then lead me to my coffin. i'm lost inside a dream of you, only its not you. its someone ive convinced myself is real but really isnt at all. changing doesnt happen to people like you."

 "because when youre in high school, you are who other people say you are."

 alright tonight were shootin heroin and robbin banks. i just dont know in what order.

 god post something this is so lame

 "yeah the guy at the gas station said that was real felt"

 i'll be the water wings that save you.

 four days. one outfit. my life.

 1. What time is it? 415 p,m 2. Name: audrey 3. Name as it appears on birth certificate : Audrey claire billhymer 4. Nickname: none! 5. Number of candles on your last birthday cake: 16 7: Pets: ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh axle 8. Natural Hair color: brown 9. Body Piercing: none. 10. Eye color: blue 11. How much do you love your job on a Scale of 1 to 10? 10 ha i dont have a job. marshalls sucks 12. Birthplace: hoffman 13. Current Residence: schaumburg 14. Favorite food: i like most food 15. Been to Africa? yes 16. Been toilet papering? no 17. Love someone so much it made you cry? yes 18. Been in a car accident? umm sort of 19. Croutons or bacon bits? croutons 20. Favorite day of the week: friday 21. Favorite word or phrase: that is lame 22. Favorite Restaurant: giordanos. 23. Favorite flower: they are all pretty cool 24. Favorite sport to watch: hockey 25. Favorite drink: mmm i dont know. "pop for sure" 26. Favorite Ice cream: coconut 28. Favorite fast food restaurant: wendys. 29. What color is your bedroom carpet? beige but soon it will be {"cotton tail" 30. How many times did you fail your drivers test: once but that was just because i didnt have my glasses 31. Besides this one, from whom did you get your last e-mail: ELI, thanks harrison! 32. Which store would you choose to max out your credit card: american eagle or hollister 33. What do you do most often when you are bored: music and read 34. Most annoying thing people ask/tell me: you suck at life 35. Bedtime: 11ish 36. Who will respond to this email the quickest? this was not an email 37. Who is the person you sent this to that is least likely to respond? stoppp 38. Favorite TV show: dawson or friends or everybody loves raymond or viva la bam 39. Last person you went out to dinner with: steve 40. Ford or Chevy: chevy tahoe! 41. Time you finished this e-mail: 423

 frack698: happy birthday GoHangGoneHung: thanx court. frack698: so carter ive been wondering, with you turning 16 and all, when did you want me to drop off that application for marshalls? GoHangGoneHung: hahahaha GoHangGoneHung: um, today, if you drop it in the fire place. frack698: hahahaha

 "i had to hear it from the bagel guy!" "holy shit, does that guy know everything?" i hate when you ask people what they did that night or that day and they are so vague about it. dont you understand i need every detail of every second? damnit.

 "i go home at the end of the day and throw my jacket on the chair, except instead of a chair, its a pile of garbage, and instead of my jacket, its a pile of garbage, and instead of the end of the day, its the end of time, and all that has survived is garbage."

 Ross: I figured after work, I'd pick up a bottle of wine, go over there, and try to... woo her. Chandler: Hey, you know what you should do? Take her back to the 1890s when that phrase was last used.

 "Gum would be perfection? Gum would be perfection. Could have said 'gum would be nice', could have said 'I'll have a stick', but no no, no, no, no for me, gum is perfection! I loathe myself...."

 Phoebe: What?! I thought you were crazy about her! Chandler: Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before we fell in love? Like her voice, her laugh, her personality. Well, theyre all back! Ya know? And shes picked up like nine new ones!

 Joey: Well ya know, I've been walking the same way since high school. ya know, ya know how some guys they walk into a room and everybody takes notice. I think I need a 'take notice' walk. Chandler: Are you actually saying these words?

 youre one in a million

 "oh and by the way my new years resoultion is not eating fast food so you might as well do it too."

 hey dude was tolerable, but roundhouse was just down right terrible.

 candy green strat, i feel bad for you.

 oh smoke, you are so sad.

 sun shiny outside, lets dance dance dance like its sunshine romance youre behind the curtains your shoes point out as if you hid to be found. well hello hello i caress your arms and it causes a chase, a chaste......because no one wants it, a label of your originality. draw away, the spring arrival? everyone loves that nice even number, the unusual number you fire. its been a long time, a long long time. lets dance.

 sharp and shrill my voices which speak are not vocal they stutter and murmur. fall forward. spring back. win their trust. some are dishonest.

 long time. later.

 '49 Harry Truman, Doris Day, Red China, Johnnie Ray South Pacific, Walter Winchell, Joe DiMaggio '50 Joe McCarthy, Richard Nixon, Studebaker, television North Korea, South Korea, Marilyn Monroe '51 Rosenbergs, H-bomb, Sugar Ray, Panmunjom Brando, "The King and I" and "The Catcher in the Rye" '52 Eisenhower, vaccine, England's got a new Queen Marciano, Liberace, Santayana good bye We didn't start the fire It was always burning since the world's been turning. We didn't start the fire No we didn't light it but we tried to fight it. '53 Joseph Stalin, Malenkov, Nasser and Prokofiev Rockefeller, Campanella, Communist Bloc '54 Roy Cohn, Juan Peron, Toscanini, dacron Dien Bien Phu falls, "Rock Around the Clock" '55 Einstein, James Dean, Brooklyn's got a winning team Davy Crockett, Peter Pan, Elvis Presley, Disneyland '56 Bardot, Budapest, Alabama, Krushchev Princess Grace, "Peyton Place", trouble in the Suez CHORUS '57 Little Rock, Pasternak, Mickey Mantle, Kerouac Sputnik, Chou En-Lai, "Bridge on the River Kwai" '58 Lebanon, Charles de Gaulle, California baseball Starkweather, homicide, children of Thalidomide '59 Buddy Holly, "Ben Hur", space monkey, Mafia Hula hoops, Castro, Edsel is a no-go '60 U-2, Syngman Rhee, payola and Kennedy Chubby Checker, "Psycho", Belgians in the Congo CHORUS '61 Hemingway, Eichmann, "Stranger in a Strange Land" Dylan, Berlin, Bay of Pigs invasion '62 "Lawrence of Arabia", British Beatlemania Ole Miss, John Glenn, Liston beats Patterson '63 Pope Paul, Malcolm X, British politician sex JFK blown away, what else do I have to say? CHORUS '64 - '89 Birth control, Ho Chi Minh, Richard Nixon back again Moonshot, Woodstock, Watergate, punk rock Begin, Reagan, Palestine, terror on the airline Ayatollah's in Iran, Russians in Afghanistan "Wheel of Fortune", Sally Ride, heavy metal, suicide Foreign debts, homeless vets, AIDS, crack, Bernie Goetz Hypodermics on the shores, China's under martial law Rock and Roller cola wars, I can't take it anymore!

 how do we get the archives back up on this thing?

 It's been way too long

 after reading the archives, i realize that the majority of my posts are extremely dumb. how did you stand me? the other posts made me laugh. you're very cool people.

 i hate getting wrapped up in movies. i love getting wrapped up in movies.

 Hey tray and i let smoke out today. He was thirsty. My dog is the littlest airedale! but the most loved. &nbsp; Court- Tray and I want us to go to eat outside somewhgere when you get back. so lets do that. they have these cool purses at UO. i dont know when to get it. its $28 and rad. Blogger is getting cool with set up. I enjoy the colors. Court im taking golf lessons. you should too. im going pro after college. ha cya! its funny how none of us talk anymore.&nbsp; its not funny. im kidding, obviously. 1984 is lame. just like my life. and here is my quote of the day &nbsp; "If these are the best years of my life, remind me to kill myself." i already wrote it on mikes livejournal because he had the nerve to say these are the best days of our lives. wow. Hey Vote Bush! &nbsp; &nbsp;

 uhhh, my face is on fire.

