 New button I've added a new button on my side-menu to coincide with Amnesty International 's two-year campaign to urlLink stop violence against women worldwide. urlLink Here is a 10-minute video about their campaign (requires Realplayer). They sent me about 8 urgent actions regarding this campaign, so I better get started! I'm counting this as my Women's History month entry of the day - unless I get time to write about Susan B. Anthony later on.

 urlLink from Margaret's blog Margaret Cho writes about how she was sent a package from a gal stationed in Iraq: "She's a pilot in the Air Force, and her squadron watched my DVDs to keep up morale when they felt like there wasn't anything left to smile about. She included a group photograph, about ten men and women, dusty and tired, glasses raised up to me in the dark blue desert night. . .As a gesture of thanks, she sent me an American flag. I have never had one before. It came with a document that said the flag had been on a plane over Iraq in my honor, and that my name was added to the long list of freedom fighters who battle at home as well as overseas." I got a little veklempt just reading it.

 urlLink Dolores Huerta Dolores Huerta co-founded the United Farm-workers of America. Although she got a teaching degree in college, she moved on to organizing, where she knew she could make a bigger difference. One of her ideas was to spearhead the grape boycott ("no grapes!") in the 70s. More information on her can be found urlLink here . When I googled her, I found this: urlLink Dolores Huerta and Richard Chavez Endorse Dean for President

 Well, what are you? urlLink Useful Voter Guide: Are You A Democrat Or A Republican? I took it twice - the first time I was a communist, the second time a moderate Democrat. It is difficult to decide who is more annoying at times. Enjoy, and let me know your results.

 Yet another reason why Bush has got to go I am tired of hearing about how this administration is catering to big business at the cost of our health and environment, damn it. urlLink Lethal bromide "This is the first time any country has tried to reverse the phase-out and increase production of an ozone-destroying chemical that is supposed to be eliminated," says David Doniger, the top climate change guy at the Natural Resources Defense Council. "The Bush administration is putting Americans' health at risk by catering to big chemical and agribusiness companies."

 Yowza. urlLink Martha Stewart Convicted of All Counts I didn't really care either way, as I don't care for her programs or magazines. I did feel that her story was really fishy, but I hate the fact that she is being prosecuted and Enron, which I feel did a much worse thing, isn't such a focus. Anyway, if you want to read what Martha thinks about this verdict, go to urlLink Martha Talks . She says, "I will appeal the verdict and continue to fight to clear my name. I believe in the fairness of the judicial system and remain confident that I will ultimately prevail." That's mighty optimistic of her.

 urlLink Lucretia Mott Lucretia Mott was a Quaker activist against slavery and for women's rights. "In America she helped organize women's abolitionist societies, since the anti-slavery organizations would not admit women as members. In 1840, she was selected as a delegate to the World's Anti-Slavery Convention in London, which she found controlled by anti-slavery factions opposed to public speaking and action by women. Elizabeth Cady Stanton later credited conversations with Lucretia Mott, while seated in the segregated women's section, with the idea of the holding a women's rights convention." Their women's rights convention, also known as the urlLink Seneca Falls Convention , is an important moment in American history, especially where the women's rights movement is concerned. Frederick Douglass attended, along with about 200 other people. At this convention, urlLink The Declaration of Sentiments was formed. You can read a urlLink report of the Convention.

 urlLink NOBODY expects the Spanish Inquisition! If you like: a) dead parrots b) silly walks c) the larch d) spam or e) all of the above, you should check this news item out: urlLink Lunatics Required: Open casting for Python project . edit: because I always remember it as being "No one expects yada yada yada" and that is wrong .

 Exploitation of 9/11 by Bush?! What a shocker I'm sure by now you've heard about urlLink the use of Ground Zero in the BC04 ads coming out now. I heard Karen Hughes on NPR commenting that she understands why "Democrats" might not want America to remember "the great leadership and strength" Bush showed in the face of this act of terrorism. Um, Ms. Hughes, I think any relative of a victim of 9/11 might have a problem with the campaign exploiting their pain and sorrow. But as urlLink Tom Tomorrow says, "In all seriousness, if they think it's a good idea to use the WTC site as a backdrop for ads and later, for their convention, I say let 'em. If Boy Genius thinks it's going to be a good thing for Republicans to come to New York City and trample the ground where so many died--well, let's just say I suspect that'll play about as well as most of his other election-year schemes so far." You can also read urlLink this entry by a New Yorker on Change for America .

 urlLink Maya Lin I have only been able to view Maya Lin's works in photos and film. I love the Vietnam Veterans Memorial and was able to see the traveling version of it when I was in elementary school (but it isn't the same). My favorite of her works is the Civil Rights Memorial (this site has an amazingly powerful slideshow). I would love to be able to view that in real life. Maya Lin was 21 years old when her design for the Vietnam Veterans Memorial was accepted. After working on that and the Civil Rights memorial, she stopped designing memorials. You can go urlLink here to view some of her more recent works.

 urlLink Gil wants to bring back the Federalist party We'll have to see about that. As I learned in Political Science, our current system can really only be two parties. We'll have to change the system for any other party to really get some power.

 urlLink Marian Anderson I am currently reading The Time of Our Singing , a work of fiction in which the parents meet at Marian Anderson's concert at the Lincoln Memorial. About the concert, this bio from Afrovoices says: "The most highly publicized racial instance involving Anderson occurred in 1939 when Hurok and officials from Howard University tried to arrange a concert for her in Constitution Hall, the largest and most appropriate indoor location in Washington, D.C. The hall's owners, the Daughters of the American Revolution, sparked national protests when they refused to allow her to sing there. "In answer to the protests, the United States Department of the Interior, with active encouragement from First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt, scheduled a concert on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial fon April 9, 1939. The Easter Sunday program drew a crowd of 75,000 people and millions of radio listeners, and the entire episode caused the news media to focus greater attention on subsequent cases of discrimination involving Anderson and other African Americans." Because the DAR refused Anderson's performance in their hall, Eleanor Roosevelt urlLink wrote this letter resigning from the DAR. Of course, I have only had the chance to listen to recordings of Marian Anderson, but even the recordings are still very powerful. More links : - The Kennedy Center has another urlLink bio online for her. - urlLink Here 's a link to an interview with her nephew and a fellow singer. The Newshour also did a urlLink special segment on Anderson at the centennial of her birth. - Go urlLink here to learn more about the amazing Ms. Anderson.

 urlLink Black Legislators Stall Marriage Amendment in Georgia : "'At the national level and in states like Massachusetts and Georgia, African-American leaders have been pretty clear in their opposition to these kinds of constitutional amendments,' said Seth Kilbourn, national field director for the Human Rights Campaign, a gay rights group in Washington. 'No matter how they feel about marriage for same-sex couples, they don't want to write into our governing documents laws that treat one group of people different from another. They've seen this country go down that road before.'" Later on in the article: ""What I see in this is hate," Ms. Sinkfield said, standing outside the ornate House chambers between votes. "I'm a Christian, but if we put this in the Constitution, what's next? People with dark hair? You're opening the floodgates for people to promote their own prejudice ." (emphasis mine) You can go urlLink here to view the Human Rights Campaign's new ad. I'll warn you, it takes a while to load (and I'm on a cable modem!).

 Happy Women's History Month! March is Women's History Month, so I'll try to focus on someone each day of the work week. urlLink Charlotte Perkins Gilman 1860-1935 American social activist and writer "Charlotte Perkins Gilman was a prominent social activist and leading theorist of the women's movement at the turn of the twentieth century. . .best known today for her short story The Yellow Wallpaper , in which she portrayed a young woman's mental breakdown based on her own experience."

 yes, I watched the Oscars I have to say that this year's Oscar ceremony was better than last. My favorite Oscar moments, in no certain order: - the homage to Kate Hepburn - the performance of "A Kiss at the End of the Rainbow" by Mitch and Mickey (the only real moment of suspense - I wondered if they would kiss or not) - Sofia Coppola winning Best Original Screenplay for Lost in Translation - when Sean Penn commented about WMDs in his speech - when Michael Moore made a cameo in the Billy Crystal intro video - the "boring" song sung by Jack Black and Will Ferrell and that's about it. I was glad Lord of the Rings won Best Picture, but I wish the rest of the awards could have been more spread out. I love Annie Lennox, but I don't think that "Into the West" was the best song. I thought the song from The Triplets of Belleville was sure to win, but perhaps that's because I've heard it so much on KUT. I do think James Horner's music was deserving of his win, but part of me wanted Thomas Newman to win for the Finding Nemo music. And I wanted Capturing the Friedmans to win Best Documentary, darn it! I guess I should check out this Fog of War movie when it comes out on DVD. I already missed my chance to see a free showing of it. At least Lost in Translation kicked a-- at the urlLink Independent Spirit Awards ! I just happened to catch those on Saturday night. They were so much fun, but would have been better live. I didn't get to see enough John Waters. urlLink Oscar Night: Winners List CD of the moment: I bought Alison Krauss and Union Station: Live on a whim and I love it (I also bought the DVDs of Pieces of April and Lost in Translation at the same time).

 urlLink I haven't seen The Exorcist before and now I don't need to

 notes from Hans Blix's speech Hans Blix is a great speaker, so if you get a chance to see him, I recommend it. I didn't start zoning out until the Q and A session (and that was because the questions asked had already been answered in the speech). So here are my notes: title: "Lessons of Iraq?" a war of necessity? NO. no nuclear capability as in 90s Iraq as a model democracy for MidEast "a war chosen" SH was defiant, not a danger "I feel resentment about such suspicions" - his comment on the suspicions of members of the administration Cheney's comment that the inspections were "useless at best" "yellowcake" revealed as forgery before invasion was the war predetermined? Iraqis opened themselves up since they were somewhat closed off about inspections most were destroyed already in 1991 - BCHs were. quantities unconfirmed. SH had no incentive to cooperate: - he didn't mind the belief that he was hiding weapons in defiance - he was incensed and humiliated by treatment - he viewed inspectors as possible spies justification for war? - no nuclear infrastructure left - human rights abuses? not an option - no authorization for intervention containment v. pre-emptive war containment - USSR - Truman and USA - patience, resolve and kindness Korean War - UN legitimacy valued by USA - approval of armed action even in Gulf War first - Mid East alliance wouldn't have lasted with capture of Saddam Hussein in 90s. pre-emptive war - no signs of impending Iraqi attack. there should be action, not war, on terrorism. "to obtain democracy through occupation is proving difficult . . ." He made many more insightful comments that I didn't get down. Ah well.

 urlLink courtesy of Radmila : I want everyone who reads this to ask me 3 questions, no more no less. Ask me anything you want and I will answer it. Then, I want you to go to your journal, copy and paste this allowing your friends (including myself) to ask you anything.

 Worth taking I took this and I don't like my answers. But that's just me - I strongly recommend it to you; it is very quick and easy: urlLink Moral Sense Test - through Primate Cognitive Neuroscience Laboratory, Harvard University.

 Ouch From urlLink Ann Telnaes site: urlLink

 urlLink Hans Blix is coming to town tomorrow and I'm trying to get tickets. They are free, but you still have to have tickets to get in. I'd like to see him, but we'll see how it works out. The topic of his talk is the search for weapons of mass destruction. What a surprise! edit: I don't know how I got tickets, because apparently they ran out this morning. God must want me to hear Hans Blix, or maybe some spirit out in the blogosphere wants me to. I was able to find an e-mail address through a blog entry that led me to my current ticket source, who is helping to set up the event. Whoo hoo! Blogs are useful, after all! The tickets are free, but I am paying for our courier service to pick them up for me. It's worth it not to have to drive and park at UT.

 Another reason why Jackie Chan rocks! urlLink Jackie Chan named U. N. Goodwill Ambassador : "The Hong Kong action film star will help fight the spread of HIV/AIDS and discrimination against people affected by it, and advance the causes of children, particularly those who suffer through armed conflict, said Rodney Hatfield, UNICEF's representative in Cambodia."

 Huh? from urlLink IMDB news : " Peter Jackson To Direct Harrowing Rape Story? Lord Of The Rings director Peter Jackson has shocked Hollywood by tentatively agreeing to take over the harrowing tale of a teenage rape and murder victim after director Lynne Ramsay walked out. The Oscar-winning New Zealand-based movie maker, who will film King Kong later this year, is negotiating with producers to make Alice Sebold's novel The Lovely Bones his next project. The story is narrated by the dead girl from heaven as she follows her family's attempts to deal with her gruesome death and the efforts of a detective to solve the case." I never saw that coming. I wonder if it will really go. I just can't imagine how such a film would be. The book was so small and personal, and Jackson's so epic. Well, Heavenly Creatures isn't, but still.

 Damned if we do, damned if we don't urlLink AlterNet: War on Iraq: News Log: Monday must reads An overview of today's articles about our unfortunate situation in Iraq: "The Bush administration may have opt for its usual flip-flop on that one, however, since it literally can't afford the occupation as it stands. The Rumsfeld "light is better" Doctrine has turned out to be wildly off the mark, both in its estimates of the number of troops and type of equipment required to occupy Iraq. Not only is the Pentagon in desperate need of more feet on the ground, the soldiers themselves are furious at the Pentagon for not providing them with the heavy armor required to protect themselves. "

 I am not a regular Daily Kos reader, but I found this through urlLink TMW : urlLink Karen Hughes: Pro-Choice=Pro-Terrorist Apparently Karen Hughes had this comment to make about the Pro-Choice march yesterday: "the fundamental issue between us and the terror network we fight is that we value every life." Except for the lives of anyone on Death Row. Not that I'm against the death penalty (I'm really on the fence about it), I just think if you are going to make such a blanket statement, you need to back it up with your actions.

 urlLink MoJo Blog update Since I don't get the paper, I didn't realize this, but Will Tacy writes urlLink here : "As we reported yesterday, that employee, Tami Silicio, was prompty fired by the contractor. But now, the Air Force has released about 361 photos strikingly like Silicio's. As in the case described by Cohn, they were all taken at Dover Air Force Base. And, like in 1983, they were on the front page of just about every major U.S. newspaper today ."(emphasis mine) I've tried accessing urlLink The Memory Hole to see the pics Tacy is talking about, but it isn't working for me. Hopefully you'll have better luck.

 Rainy days and Mondays always get me down . . . especially a stormy weekend before my birthday. I saw Mindy Smith last night at a very crowded concert. She was great, although I couldn't hear the first part of the concert because apparently, people like to socialize at free concerts. Towards the end, Mel and I gave up our horrible seats on a fencepost to stand (in a crowd actually listening to the artist!) where we could see and hear her. So the only song I really missed was "Jolene", because we were able to hear "Come to Jesus" and "Falling". She sang a version of Gershwin's "Summertime", saying, "He's still the shit." Guess who was the only one who hooted for that? Yeah, I'm a nerd.

 I just found the cutest website: urlLink Who is that with Jeremy?

 Damn it. I just read in urlLink Tom's blog that the worker who had taken the picture of flag-draped coffins printed in the Seattle Times yesterday has been fired. Just peachy. Go urlLink here to read more about it.

 urlLink Happy Earth Day! This is a day that is close to my heart (and my birthday). When I was in high school, I was the lone Earth Day nerd. I made banners and stamped people's hands with my Mary Englebreit "Hurt not the Earth" stamp. Senior year I had a group of people help me with the banner. I think that banner is in a closet at my parents' house. So here's how I celebrate it now - by telling you to go to this site and figure out how you can help the environment in any way. Here are the little things I do: - take cloth bags to the grocery store - recycle plastic bags/plastic/glass/paper/aluminum - buy gas in the early morning or mid-evening - carpool (when possible) - drive a fuel-efficient car - conserve gas by running errands in one trip - keep the water off when I brush my teeth - give old clothing/CDs/books/videos/other such items to Goodwill instead of throwing them out - buy organic food when possible/cost-permitting - always cut plastic six-pack rings (I've even done it to ones I've found on the street) That just gives you an example on small things you can do to help the Earth. Go to the site and check it out, and enjoy your day today.

 It's that time again urlLink The Webby Awards: People's Voice I don't know what I think of their choices for nominees. I swear last year you could write in a vote. That's not an option now.

 urlLink The flag-draped coffins they don't want you to see From urlLink MoJo blog : "Take a look at the photo running . . . in today's Seattle Times and you begin to understand why the Pentagon doesn't want us to see images of coffins coming home. The photo, stark and moving, shows flag-draped coffins containing the bodies of fallen troops being secured inside a cargo plane at Kuwait International Airport." urlLink Here is the article they're talking about.

 urlLink Neat interview with Mindy Smith I think I'm going to have to buy her album, especially if I'm able to catch her Thursday night. This interview shows her as a really down-to-earth kind of person, whose father happens to be a minister. Very interesting!

 not Pope Alexander I realize that I saw Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind weeks ago and never wrote about it here. I was surprised that I enjoyed it as much as I did. I mean, Jim Carrey! Ugh! I loved it, though. The music is wonderful, the lighting fits the picture, the acting is great, the writing amazingly good, blah blah blah. I love the surprises they throw at you and adore the order (disorder?) of the film. You think you've got it all figured out, but you don't. It is definitely the best mainstream film I've seen so far for 2004. Sidenote - I guiltily admit I want to see 13 Going on 30 . Jennifer Garner has become one of my favorite current actresses through her work in Alias . I like her enough that I went to see Daredevil when it was out. I'm sure this movie will be better than Daredevil . It doesn't take much.

 I started this in response to a urlLink comment on urlLink The Weblog : Adam K - I only saw "Shattered Glass", so I'm far from an expert on Stephen Glass. I did take away from the film that it is harder and harder for journalism to stay "serious". Our media has become so sensationalized that Stephen Glass could provide TNR with stories full of lies until one person decided to research an article. Even with this aspect of our culture, though, I find your last line confusing. If you want to simplify it like that, so that fiction is "lies", and non-fiction "truth", I think a large part of the reading population would disagree. I guess I can only speak for myself though. I choose to read fiction because the world becomes too much. Because I am surrounded by liars and cheats in the world (well, my political spectrum anyway), I prefer to retreat to a world of fiction. I don't find such escape in non-fiction. Non-fiction does interest me, but the stuff I choose to read tends to get me riled up. Of course, some fiction does that for me too. I don't think you should be so quick to dismiss fiction as passe because it is "lies". I have found truths in certain works of fiction that never would have struck me in non-fiction.

 urlLink Thanks to a Gauche 1. Grab the nearest book. 2. Open to page 23. 3. Find the fifth sentence. 4. Post the sentence on your blog along with these instructions. Here's what I've got: "Nor had it escaped Phoebe's notice that she'd been started on the very instrument that had eluded her mother." -- What She Saw in Roger Mancuso, Gunter Hopstock, (et al.): a Novel , Lucinda Rosenfeld The actual title of the novel is really freakin' long, so I shortened it.

 Come to Jesus As a larger than usual number of people have been coming to my page looking for the lyrics to Mindy Smith's song, Come to Jesus , I made a link on the sidebar to my earlier entry about the song. I think today, I've had about 12 people looking for the lyrics. Good for Mindy Smith! It's an awesome song, and I hope it's getting lots of airplay. She'll be in Austin this week, and I'm hoping to catch her free concert at urlLink Shady Grove . Yesterday I went to urlLink CMT's site to check out the video, and they also have the video for Jolene .

 We were right And here's proof: urlLink AlterNet: War on Iraq: News Log: Woodward book exposes Bush "The book, which will be available in bookstores next week, offers damning proof that the hawks in the White House led by Dick Cheney were determined to topple Saddam from the earliest days of the presidency, and were not willing to change course even after the 9/11 attacks proved Al Qaeda to be the greater threat." I hate that I already knew that to be the case. I don't understand how Bush is getting away with all this. His administration has done amazingly crooked things. The American people hear about it and do nothing. He still has a relatively high approval rate! Ack! Don't forget to buy some baked goods tomorrow: urlLink MoveOn's Bake Sales for Democracy .

 urlLink AlterNet: Personal Voices: Setting the Record Straight I don't know what to think about this piece by Michael Moore. He always seems to go a bit too far for my taste. Overall, though, this piece makes some extremely good points. I think Michael Moore is an extreme progressive liberal, where I tend to to be more progressive liberal lite. He's much more in your face than I could ever be. But I did enjoy TV Nation when I was in high school. That was some good stuff.

 urlLink Lengthy entry on MoJo Blog The entry is about how Bush refuses to apologize, how Americans are polarized in their opinions of Bush, and more: "I prefer to believe that the millions of reasonable Americans outside the progressive community -- Americans who voted for Bush in 2000, or supported the attack on Afghanistan, or believe that toppling Saddam Hussein was a worthy goal -- can recognize that the war in Iraq was ill-conceived, and that the occupation has been ill-managed. I prefer to believe that even supporters of Bush admit that this administration have put more a few feet wrong." This entry is worth checking out. So go do it, already.

 urlLink FAIR ACTION ALERT: CNN to Al Jazeera: Why Report Civilian Deaths? Apparently CNN had the opportunity to interview Al Jazeera's editor-in-chief, wherein he was asked about the relevance of the civilian deaths as compared to the story of the insurgents. Why wouldn't innocent civilians being killed be a story? FAIR argues, "Especially in light of official U.S. denials of civilian deaths, video footage of women and children killed by the U.S. military is evidence that needs to be seen." Here's the kicker: "independent journalists reporting from Fallujah have described a scene consistent with the one broadcast by Al Jazeera. Rahul Mahajan, a U.S. journalist in Fallujah, estimated that of the 600 Iraqis killed in Fallujah, 200 were women and 100 young children, with many of the adult male casualties also non-combatants. He reported witnessing "a young woman, 18 years old, shot in the head" and "a young boy with massive internal bleeding" at a clinic (CommonDreams.org, 4/12/04). Mahajan recounted that during the "cease-fire," "Americans were attacking with heavy artillery but primarily with snipers"-- with ambulances among the targets. The sniper activity was also reported by U.S. journalist Dahr Jamail (NewStandardNews.net, 4/11/04): "Fallujah residents say Marines are opening fire randomly on unarmed civilians and have attacked clearly marked ambulances." "When reports from the ground are describing hundreds of civilians being killed by U.S. forces, CNN should be looking to Al Jazeera's footage to see if it corroborates those accounts-- not badgering Al Jazeera's editor about why he doesn't suppress that footage." Go to urlLink FAIR's alert page to let CNN know what you think. FAIR is the group that works for Fairness and Accuracy In Reporting.

 Walking back to my office after picking up lunch, I smelled a floral scent that reminded me of urlLink The Sarah P. Duke Gardens in North Carolina. I spent a lovely afternoon there when I was in NC for an Americorps build. It is a gorgeous, quiet place. The gardens are quite expansive and various. I'm so glad I got to see them during my short time in that area.

 In honor of the day, I link to an episode of Frontline that showed in February: urlLink tax me if you can: gimme shelter: the great american tax dodge | PBS . I heard the IRS is going to go after more corporations for audits, while they have previously focused more on individuals. We'll see. . .

 Notes: I added a link to Robert Everest's page this morning. When I lived in Minneapolis, my friend Renae and I would go to Maria's Cafe on Saturday for great Colombian food and hear him play. Thinking of his music and Maria's food make me a tad homesick for Minnesota. I removed my link to the Right Christians. Although I think it is a worthy organization, you must now pay $5 a month to join in, read blog entries, etc. I might be joining the group blog, urlLink University without condition , where a blog discussion on short stories and other short works will occur. I'm going to link to them no matter what, cuz they link to me!

 urlLink Jefferson Muzzles for 2004 I heard about this program on NPR this morning. On April 13, Jefferson's birthday, "awards" are given to those "who in the past year forgot or disregarded Mr. Jefferson's admonition that freedom of speech "cannot be limited without being lost." This years recipients include CBS television, The United States Secret Service, and Baseball Hall of Fame President Dale Petroskey, among others. They list the award-recipients and the reason why they deserve the muzzle. Apparently, they get a T-shirt as an award. The man from the Jefferson Center who spoke on NPR said that one award-winner actually wanted a certificate to put in his den. To listen to the NPR story, go to urlLink Censuring the Censors .

 What I'm Watching Tonight urlLink American Experience | Emma Goldman Unfortunately, I don't know a whole lot about Emma Goldman, except she appears in Ragtime the musical (I haven't read the book) and she did some good work for women's rights. She will be featured on The American Experience tonight, so I hope to learn more about this controversial woman, once named "the most dangerous woman in America". It's on at 8pm CST on PBS ( urlLink check your local listings ).

 Last night I was watching my soap (yeah, yeah) and I saw the best ad. It turned out to be for urlLink Girls Inc. . I can't find it online, but it is great. A girl is looking at a magazine and talking about how society tells her one thing and you need to tell her another. I'm disappointed I can't find it for you.

 urlLink Come To Jesus Mindy Smith "Oh, my baby, when you're older Maybe then you'll understand You have angels that dance around your shoulders 'Cause at times in life you need a loving hand Oh, my baby, when you're prayin' Leave your burden by my door You have Jesus standing by your bedside To keep you calm, keep you safe, Away from harm Worry not, my daughters, Worry not, my sons Child, when life don't seem worth livin' Come to Jesus and let Him hold you in His arms Oh, my baby, when you're cryin' Never hide your face from me I've conquered hell and driven out the demons I have come with a life to set you free Worry not, my daughters, Worry not, my sons Child, when life don't seem worth livin' Come to Jesus and let Him hold you in His arms Oh, oh Oh, oh Yeah, yeah, yeah Oh, my baby, when you're dying Believe the healing of His hand Here in Heaven, we will wait for your arrival Here in Heaven, you will finally understand Here in Heaven, we will wait for your arrival Here in Heaven, you will finally understand Worry not, my daughters, Worry not, my sons Child, when life don't seem worth livin' Come to Jesus and let Him hold you in His arms" (edited because the lyrics were incorrect) I've heard this song more and more and could not understand what she was singing, except for picking up a few phrases here and there. It is a powerful, haunting song. You can listen to it on her site urlLink here . If you haven't heard it yet, you should. I don't know if she wrote it herself, but she sings it like she did.

 I've been lax in my urlLink MoJo Blog -reading so I just read these posts. Yesterday's urlLink post is on the 10th anniversary of the beginning of massacres in Rwanda. The sentence that hit me the hardest (and which makes a somewhat obvious point about American/Western diplomacy) was: "There was no interest from any of the capitals of the world to come and solve the problem, prevent it or stop it once it was in motion. We have a racist background in the white community, of saying our wars are complex, like in Yugoslavia, but black people in Africa killing each other is nothing more than tribalism." Ouch. It's true. The urlLink post before that covers "The Passion" and anti-semitism. Yeah, I know, it's been discussed before. But I found this passage frightening: "What is clear, at least according to a new Pew poll, is that people who go see the movie are much more likely than the general population to think the Jews killed Jesus. Of the people who've seen "The Passion," 36 percent think that Jews were responsible for Christ's death. (Of the general population, 26 percent think so.) Then again, most of them -- 29 percent of all viewers -- held that opinion before seeing the film. Says the intro to the poll, "Generally, there is a correlation between seeing the movie, and expressing an intention to see it, with holding the view that Jews were responsible for Christ's death. This is especially the case among younger people." Ack!

 Condi's hair doesn't move and her gap-toothed smile sorta freaked me out. She was reporting this stuff this morning, and she would smile as she claimed that America has a "multi-ethnic democracy that works", which was new to me. She would smile, then realize she was smiling and straighten her face out. I found this interesting to note. I only half-listened to her report to the commission, because I just couldn't believe her. I guess I'm closed-minded that way. The Center for American Progress has this for your perusal: urlLink Claim vs. Fact: Condoleezza Rice's Opening Statement

 I guess my WalMart boycott will never come to an end. . . urlLink WalMart's in Washington - a link to the Center for American Progress' compilation of WalMart's growing lobby power. I was already boycotting WalMart because of their lousy treatment of their employees. It is sad to me because Sam Walton was a good Presbyterian, giving scholarships to seminarians and more. His legacy has ended, I guess: "In 1998, the company threw off founder Sam Walton's antipathy towards influencing politics and began its campaign to take over Capitol Hill. According to the WSJ, Sen. Trent Lott (R-MS) traveled to Wal-Mart headquarters in Bentonville, Ark., to offer advice on getting started: Increase your profile and open your wallet. As a result, "Made In America" is a thing of the past and anti-labor policies are the wave of Wal-Mart's future, with money paving the way to Washington." I found this article through my weekly SojoMail from urlLink Sojourners . You can can go urlLink here to read a commentary on Christianity and dealing with WalMart. "Wal-Mart is now busy trying to change its public image, but Wal-Mart needs more than a makeover. It needs accountability." I don't really miss shopping at WalMart, as it always seemed to be too crowded, and didn't have much variety in music, movies, and more. I was glad when a new Target moved into my parents' neighborhood (Target is a little better than WalMart as far as labor relations go), because at least the people on the east side of town had a place to go rather than WalMart.

 urlLink MoveOn Staffer Moves on to Kerry Campaign Zach Exley is moving to the Kerry campaign and leaving MoveOn's PAC: "Zack Exley will be the Kerry campaign's director of online communications and organizing. He was the MoveOn political action committee's special projects director, focusing on research and mobilizing MoveOn supporters, Eli Pariser, the PAC's executive director, said Wednesday."

 Thoughts on the long-lasting effects of the Bush administration urlLink Adam Kotsko asserts: "Once Bush is gone, everyone will breathe a sigh of relief now that everything is "back to normal," not realizing that "normal" has been fundamentally shaped by people like Bush's advisors. With Bush gone, taxation will still be considered vaguely immoral, and progressive taxation "unfair." A substantial social wage will still be out of the question. Our public schools and universities will continue to deteriorate. Our addiction to cars will continue. The perfectly sensible policies of people like Dennis Kucinich and Ralph Nader -- and I really mean that; if you sit down and read what they're proposing, it's not a radical communist revolution by any means -- will continue to sound like pipe dreams." I hate to admit he's right. Even when the Democrats win in November, there is NO WAY our nation can fully recover in four years from the destruction being done be this administration. When I say destruction, I include destruction of ideology, environment, diplomacy, homeland security, lives, employment numbers, etc. It is going to take our nation a while to get over all this that has been done to us.

 The Known World wins the Pulitzer I've blogged before about this awesome novel by Edward P. Jones. I just discovered he won the urlLink Pulitzer Prize for fiction . If you haven't read it already, I hope this encourages you to check it out. It is well worth your time. sidenote - I just finished American Woman by Susan Choi last week, which was a finalist for the Pulitzer. It is about a fascinating topic, but I had to skim. There were parts of it I really enjoyed, and parts I obviously didn't. I don't know if I'd recommend it.

 urlLink Kurt Cobain, 10 years ago I was never a big fan of Kurt Cobain, but I must admit Nirvana and his music had a large effect on current music. Nirvana, along with Pearl Jam, Soundgarden, and other such influential bands from the 90s, helped change the movement of rock and roll from the stagnant state it was in. I couldn't stand the way he sang, but I have to admit his influence on rock and roll history. The link above takes you to NPR's collection of stories on this anniversary of his death. Sidenote: I remember junior year of high school, this one girl in my English class wrote dozens of elegies to Kurt, and asked me to read and judge them for her. I still don't understand why. Her poetry and my reading of it was our only connection. This anniversary makes me wonder where she is now.

 urlLink There is nothing outside the blog Or so Adam Kotsko asserts in this entry. His philosophy of the blog is convincing, but he ignores oral history. It could be said that written history was only created to be blogged, but I don't see how the same could be said for oral history. Basically, his blog entry made my head hurt.

 Today I discovered urlLink kinja , which basically acts like an RSS feed, but doesn't freak out my computer. Earlier this week I downloaded Sharpreader so I could do the RSS thing, but I've had to restart my computer at least once a day since I did that. I haven't exactly figured out how kinja decides what order to show entries in. There doesn't seem much logic in it to me. I'm going to stick with it for a little while. It is in the beta stage, after all.

 urlLink Your call to action for the day Please act on this link. It is very important to our world today, especially coffee-drinkers everywhere.

 I watched Shattered Glass last night It's funny, when it came out, I had no desire at all to see it. Partly, I think, because of Hayden Christiansen's excerebrose performance in "SWII: Clones". It is a fascinating film, though. Disturbing, enthralling, submerging, and fascinating. It boggles the mind how people just believed so many of his fake stories. I loved the way the film told the story. I was even surprised at the ending (not him getting caught, I knew that would happen). I'm keeping the film to watch with the commentary, since one his editors is doing it along with the director. I haven't read much of The New Republic , but I bet I used it as a reference for papers in school. The story that ruined him: urlLink Forbes.com: Lies, damn lies and fiction Index of Glass' fraudulent works: urlLink a tissue of lies Buy Glass' book from amazon: urlLink The Fabulist

 urlLink What I watched last night. Most of what was covered in the show I pretty much already knew. Thanks to the record companies treating music like a corporate asset and not art, the stuff coming out now isn't that great. Sales are also down because people are downloading music. It was still fascinating to see, because they compared two new artists: Sarah Hudson (cousin of Kate) and the group Velvet Revolver (including two ex-G&R members + Scott Weiland of STP). Both have new releases coming out this month. Velvet Revolver, which is pretty much a sure hit by company standards, is indeed doing well. urlLink Sarah Hudson , however, is not getting played anywhere yet. And listening to the song the company picked for her single, I can understand why not. It's pretty much a lame song, titled "Girl on the verge", with a chorus that states, "I'm a girl on the verge / of a nervous breakdown". I mean, ugh. The sad thing is that the other bits of songs I heard from her album sounded very decent, and pretty original. She is a singer/songwriter, but the single they chose just doesn't work for her. You can go to the above link to view the show and also see interviews with artists, music journalists, and company execs.

 Last night, while watching the re-run of my soap (yeah, yeah) I caught both of the TV ads from urlLink Register and Vote . They are very humorous, and really work. The first one I saw has women in a bathroom commenting about a faucet that has been left on. They just stand around and watch it, making side comments, until someone walks by and turns it off. At first I thought it was an ad for the environment (because you know you should keep the water off while you brush your teeth), but was surprised by its intent. The second one, and I think my favorite, has a group of people standing around and commenting about a piece of litter that someone left on the ground by the trash can. One guy says, "well, I could pick it up", but doesn't. So go to the site and watch them if you haven't already. And, by all means, register and vote!!!!!

 from urlLink The New York Times : It's notable that women in classical music come under fire for their image, since each must create her own identity from the start. "The template is male," Ms. Walsh noted. And not only in terms of career there are still fewer female instrumental soloists than male ones, still fewer women than men in top-flight American orchestras but also in terms of what you wear. There is no female equivalent of a man's standard concert uniform, the tuxedo. Of course men are also evaluated in terms of their sex appeal, but the violinists Joshua Bell and James Ehnes do not seem to be relegated to bimbo status because of their pinup images. I'm not a classical snob, but I will admit to being turned off by classical "crossover" artists. However, since a lot of women still are unable to break into the world of mainstream classical music, I think they should use whatever options are available. This article quotes a review of a Lara St. John concert that critiques her gown in the first paragraph. That is ridiculous. When a male performer is on stage, the critic won't comment, "While his performance was uplifting, his tuxedo just didn't cut it!" At least, I've never seen anything comparable. It's just such a double standard.

 I have just learned through urlLink Ralph Luker that Allen Brill, formerly of the Right Christians and now involved in urlLink The Village Gate , is leaving the blog world. This is quite disappointing to me. Since TVG began, I haven't been involved, but I was a reader and frequent commenter at the now-defunct Right Christians site. Allen says in his urlLink entry : I have been thoroughly rejected by the dominant individuals in the progressive blogosphere. I have no connections in the established church bodies or parachurch organizations. I began as one voice. That one voice is now tired and frustrated. It saddens me that the blogosphere is losing such a voice. I believe that the separation and dichotomy between progressive liberals/Democrats will hurt us rather than help anything. We have progressive Christians, progressive environmentalists, liberal feminists, etc. Surely not all Republicans agree on certain issues, but their party is just picking up steam (and money) while we bicker between ourselves on what is more important. As a progressive Christian, I realize I am biased in my views as far as Allen and his organization are concerned. I was excited to know that there were other Progressive Christians out there in the blogosphere. I wish we could just get our act together and recognize that we can only benefit from diversity. But I'm just optimistic that way.

 Here's my first official Austin entry here. I have been hearing about how urlLink Capital Metro has come up with a plan for how to deal with the increase in population here and the strong need for better transportation options. So I went to the site last week and took a survey. You can see their plans urlLink here . The thing is, I live in Northeast Austin. None of these proposals will help with east-west traffic. They only deal with north-south traffic (which is an issue, I'll give you that). I just don't see how these plans will be of help to me, or that I will have an opportunity to put them to use. I'm very wary of these proposals. I'm planning on going to an open house and/or a workshop so I can be more informed. I think it is a great idea to use rail services (would prefer light rail!), but as urlLink M1EK's Bake-Sale of Bile points out urlLink here , the Rapid Bus Routes proposed wouldn't really be much of an improvement. Now, if Austin could get some HOV lanes, that would be a beneficial improvement. I just don't see that happening anytime soon.

 I made a comment on urlLink Adam K's blog that I'd like to ruminate some more on here. Here's my comment re Eugenides' Middlesex : am I the only one who has already attempted to read it? I guess I am part of a small percentile that didn't get into it. Maybe all the junky pop fiction I've been reading since graduation is affecting my tastes. Since college, any time I can't get into a book by a certain time, I give up and read a new one. I do give books a good amount of time to grab my attention and interest, but sometimes, they just don't. The last great book I read was "The Known World" by Edward Jones. That is greatness. And I think you all would be interested in "Erasure", about a black professor who writes a blaxploitation book as a joke, and it goes on to win awards and acclaim. Before I graduated from college, I felt that I had to read a book. Even if I felt that I wasn't getting into it, even if I thought it was bad, I would finish it. I guess I felt that I had started it, so I should finish it. Now I just stop. It's my time I'm wasting, and I don't owe anyone the responsibility of reading a book I don't like. I make the attempt, at least. I do, however, also have a bad habit of buying books I read parts of, and putting them away for later. I have done this with Soul Mountain and Caramelo , along with other books. I really should get to finishing them. More than a couple of times I have read a book a third of the way through before I realized I had already read it. Luckily, this doesn't happen frequently. It's annoying. edit: urlLink Erasure really is a terrific satire on race and publishing in America. It's funny, and it hurts, at the same time. Here's a bit of the synopsis: Avant-garde novelist and college professor, woodworker, and fly fisherman Thelonious (Monk) Ellison has never allowed race to define his identity. But as both a writer and an African-American, he is offended and angered by the success of Wes Lives in Da Ghetto, the exploitative debut novel of a young, middle-class black woman who once visited "some relatives in Harlem for a couple of days." Hailed as an authentic representation of the African-American experience, the book is a national bestseller and its author feted on the Kenya Dunston television show. Her books success rankles all the more as Monks own most recent novel has just notched its seventh rejection. Even as his career as a writer appears to have stalled, Monk finds himself coping with changes in his personal life. Forced to assume responsibility for a mother rapidly succumbing to Alzheimers, Monk leaves his home in Los Angeles to return to the Washington, DC, house in which he grew up. There he must come to terms with his ailing mother, his siblings, his own childhood and youth, and the legacy of his physician father, a suicide some seven years before. In need of distraction from old memories, new responsibilities, and his professional stagnation, Monk composes, in a heat of inspiration and energy, a fierce parody of the sort of exploitative, ghetto wanna-be lit represented by Wes Lives in Da Ghetto. But when his agent sends this literary indictment (included here in its entirety) out to publishers, it is greeted as an authentic new voice of black America. Monk or his pseudonymous alter ego, Stagg R. Leigh is offered money, fame, success beyond anything Monk has known. And as demand begins to build for meetings with and appearances by Leigh, Monk is faced with a whole new set of problems. I read it a few years ago and enjoyed it immensely. I have to point out that it makes a big deal about "African-American fiction" as a genre, and I saw it in that section at Borders. It was somewhat ironic.

 urlLink AP: Video Shows Iraq Wedding Celebration Although we are being told that it wasn't really a wedding celebration that the American soldiers attacked, video coverage has been found to validate the story of the survivors: An Associated Press reporter and photographer, who interviewed more than a dozen survivors a day after the bombing, were able to identify many of them on the wedding party video which runs for several hours. APTN also traveled Thursday to the village of Mogr el-Deeb, 250 miles west of Ramadi, to film what the survivors said was the wedding site. A devastated building and remnants of the tent, pots and pans could be seen, along with bits of what appeared to be the remnants of ordnance, one of which bore the marking "ATU-35," similar to those on U.S. bombs. . . The survivors agree that the wedding festivities had broken up for the night when the attack began, but they insist that there were no foreign fighters or other combatants in their group. Thanks to urlLink TMW , where you can also find this incredibly disturbing urlLink entry .

 Happy 100th, Fats! urlLink NPR: A Century of Fats Waller, Jazz's Clown Prince urlLink Bio and discography urlLink Entry from Grove at PBS' Jazz page

 After I argued with the guy trying to get people on the Nader petition at the Blix event. urlLink Nader Misses Texas Ballot Requirement, Sues

 urlLink U.S. Reportedly Kills 40 Iraqis at Party "A U.S. helicopter fired on a wedding party in the remote desert near the border with Syria, killing more than 40 people, most of them women and children, Iraqi officials said. The U.S. military said it was investigating. . . "Al-Ani, the doctor, said people at the wedding fired weapons in the air, and that American troops came to investigate and left. However, al-Ani said, helicopters later arrived and attacked the area." Could things get any bleaker for us over there? I wonder if we'll ever be able to get any respect after all of the mistakes we're making. God help us. I hate hearing stories about unarmed, innocent women and children being killed.

 I posted this today at the urlLink University without Condition . Obviously, I took religion classes in college over philosophy. Here goes: Although I made time to read this passage by Kristeva late last week, I really only got the gist of half of it. Following are my limited reflections. Kristeva thinks Dostoyevsky enjoys suffering - "As far as writers are concerned, they can extract jubilation out of it through the manipulation they are able . . . to inflict upon signs and things"(182). Said suffering reflects "man's dependency on a divine Law, as well as his irremediable difference in relation to that Law"(185). It was her section on forgiveness that struck and threw me the most. She makes statements such as "any modern impreciation against Chistianity. . . is an imprecation against forgiveness" (190) and "he who does not forgive is condemned to death" (192), but what I noticed most in this mid-section of her piece is what I termed the born-again section . I tend to frown upon more evangelical sects of Christianity. I believe we are saved by grace, yada yada yada. Kristeva makes some comments that reminded me of the "born-again" philosophy, such as "forgiveness seems to say . . . I take you for a child" (204) and this paragraph: "Forgiveness does not cleanse actions. It raises the unconscious from beneath the actions and has it meet a loving other--an other who does not judge but hears the truth in the availability of love and for that very reason allows me to be reborn . Forgiveness is the . . . stage at which the latter changes laws and adopts the bond with love as a principle of renewal of both self and other"(205). I think that Kristeva is accurate in her analysis of Dostoevsky, at least from my limited experience with Notes from Underground and Crime and Punishment . I recall forgiveness being quite significant in CandP , but not so much in Notes from Underground . Of course, I read both of these in high school, so my memories aren't too clear; I've probably read over a hundred books since then. I just find it interesting that she makes it seem that Dostoevsky advocated such a welcoming form of forgiveness, that one can be born again through it. From my experience attending a Southern Baptist school for a good part of my life, I have to read that into her statements. Then later on she comments, "Because it is forgiveness, writing is transformation, transportation, translation"(217). So writing is forgiveness, which is given through Christ, and causes us to be born again. Alrighty then. Can we read some more fiction now?

 I remember when I first read Lucy Grealy's urlLink Autobiography of a Face . I was a high-school senior, visiting the college I would later attend. Instead of going to a lame party, I stayed in my host's room and read this work of non-fiction. In it, Grealy writes of her childhood experiences with cancer, chemotherapy, radiation and reconstructive surgery. It is an engrossing book and a worthwile read. I hadn't realized that she died in 2002. Her best friend, Ann Patchett (one of my current favorite writers), has completed a work of non-fiction about their relationship. You can read her reflections on writing it urlLink here . The book is entitled urlLink Truth and Beauty: a Friendship , and I will now have to add it to my reading list.

 urlLink Altria Plans Ads on Bush, Kerry Policies : Tobacco and food giant Altria Group Inc. (MO) is asking federal regulators to sign off on its plan to run magazine ads contrasting the policies of President Bush and Democratic candidate John Kerry. Their rationale being that this would be a "nonpartisan" voter's guide. And I would accept that, except for the $2.2 million it donated to Republican committees in the 2001-2002 election cycle. That's just a little thing. And also, check out urlLink Altria Means Tobacco .

 I'm still feeling crappy, and now I have a cough that makes it sound like I have tuberculosis. I just pray it's gone by Sunday. I haven't posted on Nick Berg, because I have heard conflicting stories on the situation. Hugo has posted on urlLink Nick Berg, anger, and pacifism , and I read urlLink this from Al-Jazeera today. After seeing a story on CBS Evening News last night about Berg and his reasons for being in Iraq, I am befuddled. The story said that he was being questioned by the FBI because he and Moussaui shared an internet password. I think that's just ridiculous, if that's all there is to it. Anyway, it is sad that Berg lost his life in such a manner, but I can't really have an educated opinion on it until I get the truth from someone.

 As a feminist, I am always interested in different portrayals of women in film through the years. I've seen way too many films, and you'll have to believe me on this. One thing that astounds me is the fact that even in contemporary films, bad girls get killed off. Last night I was watching The Spitfire Grill on HBO (**spoilers coming**) and thought, oh, here's a film about a girl getting a second chance. The main character went to jail for killing her abusive stepfather (thereby making her a bad girl). She comes to this small town in Maine and lifts up the spirits of the townspeople around her. Even though she's got this going for her, she ends up dead in the river. When the movie wanted me to cry (I can tell these things) I was just angry that they decided to kill her off. Which reminded me of . . . Butterfield 8 starring Elizabeth Taylor. She plays a call-girl who falls in love with one of her customers. He's married and won't leave his wife, so she decides to give up her her profession. She reconciles with her momma, is on her way to being a "good girl" again, but in the end is killed in a car crash, attempting to escape from her jilted married lover. In both of these films, a "bad girl" is on her way to reconciliation with society. She is working for redemption. I believe that as these characters are killed off, redemption is denied. Ultimately, they were just "bad girls". "Thelma and Louise" differs because although the main "bad girl" characters dive to their deaths in the Grand Canyon, it is their choice to do so. If they didn't drive off the cliff, they would be captured, and ultimately killed anyway, if Arizona has a death penalty. Nevertheless, redemption was never an option. I guess one could view the killing of the rapist as a sort of redemption, but I don't think society will give them that. I've seen more movies than I'd like where the bad guys find redemption through a good woman, a relationship with a son or daughter, etc. Why is it that Hollywood won't afford the same option to our "bad girl" characters?

 I'm having my bi-yearly allergy attack, so I'm off work today. I just finished watching Elephant and it left me very shaken. I knew the plot, and it still freaked me out. It seems such a simple, well-shot film, but it is so much more than that. And the thing that really hit me about the film was the lack of judgement made in it. There is no answer at the end of the film. It leaves you to decide what you want about it (I love when films do this). The "bad guys" are portrayed as equally as the "good guys". I just don't know what else to say. I think everyone should see it. It's worth watching just for the school building itself. I was amazed at the length and breadth of the school. But I went to a poor(er) inner-city school that was much smaller. And why were the halls so void of people in the film? Anyway, this film definitely left me thinking (and made me reminiscent for the days I could use the school darkroom).

 The Christian Science Monitor gives us a urlLink look into the lives of the troops who have died so far in Iraq: Between March 20, 2003 and May 6, 2004, 759 US troops died in Iraq. This is the longest, fiercest, sustained combat Americans have seen in a generation. There is an article along with an interactive presentation on a portion of the fallen.

 urlLink At Mother Jones' blog , Will Tacy analyzes a piece from the National Review . The editor, Ramesh Ponnuru, is trying to get to why liberals don't like Bush. Hmm. That's hard to figure out. Let's think on that for a while.

 Since Blogger has updated itself, I figured this blog could stand some updating also. I kinda messed up by not saving my codes before I chose this new template, so I lost all my old comments. Sorry! However, I am going to try the new blogger comments and see how that goes. edit - don't like Blogger's commenting and have figured out my Blogback code. So I'm going back to that, but still have lost all the old comments. Ah well.

 urlLink Eisner's Fantasyland Excuse for Censorship from FAIR: "On the television network that his company owns, Disney CEO Michael Eisner dismissed the idea that forbidding Disney subsidiary Miramax to distribute a controversial new documentary by Michael Moore was a form of censorship. 'We informed both the agency that represented the film and all of our companies that we just didn't want to be in the middle of a politically-oriented film during an election year,' he told ABC World News Tonight (5/5/04), referring to Moore's Fahrenheit 911, which examines the connections between the Bush family and the House of Saud that rules Saudi Arabia. "On its face, Eisner's statement will have a chilling effect. A major movie studio with an announced policy of only releasing apolitical films, in an election year or any other year, will discourage filmmakers from tackling important themes and impoverish the American political debate. (That Moore and Miramax were given advance warning of this policy hardly mitigates its censorious impact.) "But Eisner's statement cannot be taken at face value, because Disney, through its various subsidiaries, is one of the largest distributors of political, often highly partisan media content in the country-- virtually all of it right-wing." I didn't realize that most all of Disney's radio stations broadcasted Limbaugh. You can go the link above to read the examples of Disney's right-wing media content.

 My thoughts on the questioning of Rumsfeld Well, I was trying to work and listen to the questioning at the same time, so I don't know how much I actually caught. What I did note: - that Senator from Maine has the most ANNOYING voice ever. My boss pointed out that maybe she was reading. I think that makes it worse! Can you imagine listening to a speech she made in Congress? I'd fall asleep! I kept waiting for her to get to the point, and it took forever for her to do so. I was surprised to discover she's a Republican. - Mark Dayton rocks! I voted for him while I still lived in Minnesota, and I'm so glad I did. He really socked it to those guys. - I was not surprised at the evasiveness of the Secretary. However, I was surprised to hear him admit that it might be best for the country for him to resign. I think he said, "That might be the case" or something to that effect. But he doesn't think it's needed at this time.

 From urlLink This Modern World , I find that: "The chief of the U.S. Selective Service System has proposed registering women for the military draft and requiring that young Americans regularly inform the government about whether they have training in niche specialties needed in the armed services. "The proposal, which the agency's acting director Lewis Brodsky presented to senior Pentagon officials just before the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq, also seeks to extend the age of draft registration to 34, up from 25." His source is urlLink an article from the Toronto Star . This is ridiculous. I am against the idea of a draft in any way, shape, or form, with women, without women, up to 25 or 50. I don't care. What a mess we have gotten ourselves into, that this is even being looked into at all.

 I can't believe I've had this blog for a year now.

 urlLink Disney Forbidding Distribution of Film That Criticizes Bush Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 911 is in trouble.

 G-mail Apparently this G-mail thing is a big deal. I got invited, so I assumed other blogspot owners did too. However, if you didn't get invited, and you really want a beta g-mail account, send me a nice note and I'll let you have my extra invite.

 urlLink Josh Marshall's analysis of Bush and Iraq : "A strong president, a good president, would put his country before his pride and throw himself into saving the situation even if it meant admitting previous mistakes and ditching past policies and advisors. But I don't think this president has the character to do that." There's more good stuff in this post. I've been lax in my reading TPM . edit: because Josh Marshall's middle initial isn't J.

 You've probably already read it by now urlLink Annals of National Security: TORTURE AT ABU GHRAIB : the article in The New Yorker that tells much of the story behind the torture in the Iraqi prison. I knew that the prisoners at Guantanamo Bay had it bad, and I've written to all my legislators about it. I didn't expect this, however. I find it extremely disturbing and sad.

 Ted Rall's coming under fire for yesterday's cartoon. I even am somewhat conflicted about it. Here's the urlLink cartoon and the urlLink reasoning behind it. I have to disagree with his statement that Bush is evil. I don't think he's evil - I think he's stupid, ignorant, holier-than-thou, and more, but evil, no. His intentions may be close to evil, but I don't think he is. Anyway, I basically agree with Rall, but his feelings are a lot stronger than mine. I guess that's how I would characterize it.

 two entries related to TMW in one day! urlLink We haven't forgotten, Mr. Rove! Wherein Ambassador Wilson reflects on a passage from his book that says, "According to my sources, between March 2003 and the appearance of my article in July . . . the workup on me that turned up the information on Valerie was shared with Karl Rove, who then circulated it in administration and neoconservative circles." He notes in the interview, "Cliff May, who wrote for the National Review online, suggested in a matter of days after my article appeared and a leak appeared, that it was widely known in Washington that my wife worked for the CIA. It was not widely known. None of my friends, for example, knew it. So it's hard to believe that it was widely known unless somebody else put that story out." Very interesting. But I thought that this wasn't a story anymore - I mean, the networks aren't covering it. There are many things the Bush administration hopes we don't pay a lot of attention to, and I know this is one of them.

 urlLink What I'm watching tonight I just love shows about bridges. Seriously.

 Oh, golly Via urlLink Tom Tomorrow , I find out that the guy who had redone old propaganda posters to make them relevant to our current situation has admitted to making up a military history. Read more about it here: urlLink Rangers Lead the Way in Exposing Author as a Fraud Now I feel bad for linking to his site. I even have one of his re-done posters on my writing desk here by the computer. It says "That Tired Feeling, Don't Give In!: That's just individuality trying to reassert itself."

 Irony or hypocrisy, whichever Yesterday while at the gym, I read my new issue of Mother Jones . I was especially interested by the urlLink article which discussed the "lightness" of blogs. The author seems to think that political blogs should not be taken seriously. He did admit to being addicted to blogs, but then goes on to dismiss them. Why did this article interest me so? Well, first of all, I keep a blog (really two) and I do depend on blogs and other internet news sources for my news (along with NPR). I don't read the newspaper, except for the alternative weekly which I don't really get for the news articles. Second of all, as you can tell by my blogroll and previous entries, Mother Jones has a urlLink blog ! I read it often and take what I read there quite seriously. Do they not take their own blog seriously? If so, why have one at all? I wait to be enlightened. If anyone saw this article and read it differently, please let me know.

 urlLink from the New York Times : As someone who believes Jesus Christ can be seen even in the grimy faces of those living in the city's shadows and crawl spaces, Police Officer Eduardo Delacruz says he obeyed a higher authority when he refused to arrest a homeless man in November 2002. On the beat, however, the police commissioner trumps the Almighty, as Officer Delacruz learned when he was suspended for his action. Charged with refusing to comply with a lawful order, he faces a departmental trial in late July that could cost him his job and pension. I found this article through Sojourners . I can't believe it. A spike in arrests of homeless people in the fall of 2002 led advocates and civil libertarians to sue the Bloomberg administration, contending that the police were singling out the homeless. Over one month that ended in mid-November that year, the police arrested 580 homeless people, compared with 288 over the same period the previous year, on charges from sleeping in public to assault. The city settled the lawsuit by instructing the police not to focus on homeless people when enforcing violations. Advocates for the homeless are stunned that the department would seek any further punishment of Officer Delacruz beyond the suspension. "They're going to go to trial on that?" asked Doug Lasdon, the executive director of the Urban Justice Center, an advocacy group for the poor. "They're going to make this guy a hero." Seriously. There's more: Officer Delacruz said he was not opposed to arresting homeless criminals: his first arrest was a homeless man who jumped a turnstile. And he would arrest anyone who posed a danger of violence. But he said someone just down on his luck was not a criminal. That was why he thought his unit's original mission of helping the homeless find services was a noble cause. "My position in life is to treat people like I want to be treated," he said. "That's what Jesus taught. That's what I instill in my children ." (emphasis mine)

 I heard this story on Morning Edition this morning, and it was so sweet I wanted to share it with you. You can go urlLink here to listen to it. The breakdown: Video highlights of a school year full of innovative projects and activities gave commentator Steve Twomey a better understanding of why his son had been so devoted to his class. Twomey says Ms. Patel's third-grade class in Montclair, N.J., was his son's reason for living. I'm such a softie.

 urlLink Inside North Korea Last night I caught this story on the NewsHour. It was all-around fascinating, but what struck me was the part filmed in the schools. It showed four students talking in English. The reporter says: since they are barred from outside television, the Internet and unauthorized contact with the outside world, their English is literal, not conversational. Then the students' discussion is heard. They stand around and smile at each other, talking about picnicking in Italy. It was just so ridiculous. The hospital scenes were pretty awful. Instead of eye patches, the doctors had to improvise and use pieces of film and fabric. It was incredible. Modern equipment taken for granted in western hospitals are nonexistent. In the Ophthalmology Department, there is no digital technology, few, if any, computerized instruments. Resident doctors like Tang Chol So are always improvising. There are no spare parts for the old examining tools. They often fix the instruments themselves, trying to make them perform beyond their original design. Dr. Tang treated eye injuries during the recent rail explosion that claimed more than 100 lives. Such a view inside North Korea is extremely rare, so I was lucky to catch the report. Mother Jones did a story about North Korea about three months ago, but it's not the same.

 urlLink The Amazing Race 5

 I'm going to link to an old urlLink post I did in March for Women's History Month about Susan B. Anthony. After seeing Farenheit 9/11 I am even more assured in my belief that we need to get Bush out of DC. Send him back here to Texas, that's fine. He can stay in Crawford and work with the armadillos on his ranch (although as we know from the movie, he'll probably end up being an advisor to BIG OIL). Even if you hate Bush, and don't think much of Kerry, you still need to vote . Vote for the lesser of two evils, vote for Nader, vote for the libertarian candidate, I don't care. I'd prefer if you voted Democrat, but get out and vote . I have no patience for people who don't vote, then complain about the leadership of this country. As far as I'm concerned, they have no leg to stand on. I don't care if you're jaded about the electoral process (which I am also) or hate that big money controls both parties (which I do also). You still need to vote . I went to dinner with my friend Michael about six months ago and we discussed politics. He complained about the USA and the fact that everyone hates us now. I asked him if he voted, and he told me he didn't. I can't remember what I responded with, but I was thinking, "then you can't really bitch about it, can you?" Hopefully this upcoming election will not be as close as the last one (and Florida won't have so many issues). But if it is, who knows but your vote might make a difference. Perhaps I am too idealistic, or maybe I just have a low tolerance threshold about this kind of thing. But I think you get what I'm trying to say. Women fasted in jail so I could go vote. People died in the South working for the right for others to vote. I'm voting, damn it. [/rant]

 urlLink 'Fahrenheit 9/11' Sets Documentary Record Michael Moore's "Fahrenheit 9/11" took in a whopping $21.8 million in its first three days, becoming the first documentary ever to debut as Hollywood's top weekend film. If Sunday's estimates hold when final numbers are released Monday, "Fahrenheit 9/11" would set a record in a single weekend as the top-grossing documentary ever outside of concert films and movies made for huge-screen IMAX theaters. I spent most of Friday trying to get tickets for that night's showing of this film at the Arbor, but all shows were sold out by 3:30pm. We ended up seeing it at Tinseltown Pflugerville at 10pm. It sold out also - the theatre was full despite the torrential rain. It is an amazing film. It is so funny in parts, and so incredibly sad in others. I'd agree with those who say it's like two separate films. The first part is like a typical Michael Moore film, but as soon as the analysis of Iraq starts, he moves out of the film. The part with the soldier's mom was the hardest for me to watch. I wanted to bawl when she read the letter he wrote his family a week before his death. It was neat to see it with such a huge crowd. There were about five times during the film where everyone clapped. I have to recommend it to anyone. It is worth seeing for film-history reasons as much as political.

 I appreciate the gesture. urlLink Brey explains his blog neighborhood of which mine is a part. I'm tempted to do the same thing now, but he does it much better than I would. (It's not set up to link to an individual post, so you'll have to scroll down to The Blog Neighborhood ).

 a match made in (fill in blank)? urlLink Iacocca Changes Support From Bush to Kerry Four years after former Chrysler Corp. chairman Lee Iacocca cut ads supporting George W. Bush's election, he's switching alliances to presidential challenger John Kerry. Iacocca decided to announce his endorsement in person at a Kerry speech Thursday on creating high-tech industry jobs in Silicon Valley.

 about the Plame case. But no! I'm happy to report that urlLink Bush was interviewed today in regards to the leak of her name to the media. Investigators want to know who leaked the name of Valerie Plame, an undercover CIA operative, to syndicated columnist Robert Novak last July. A federal grand jury in recent months has questioned numerous White House and administration officials. Disclosure of an undercover officer's identity can be a federal crime.

 What I learned from the free showing last night of Baadasssss! : 1. Bill Cosby helped finance the last stages of filming for Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song . 2. Melvin van Peebles had to use p*rn filmmakers, because they weren't unionized. I think that was the reason. He also wanted a decent minority representation on the crew. 3. Earth, Wind and Fire did the soundtrack. 4. There is a whole lot of nekkidness and cussin' in 'SSBS'. 5. I now have no desire to see same film. Although I really enjoyed urlLink Baadasssss! , it didn't really make me feel like I need to see the film it documents. It is a semi-comic tale of the making of Melvin van Peebles' historical work. Mario, his real-life son, plays his father. I love the combination of story and interviews, especially the real interviews during the credits. David Alan Grier is hilarious, and there are a few scenes that had me cracking up. I'd strongly recommend at least renting the film, if you can't catch it in the theatre. Be prepared for scenes "of a graphic nature", and enjoy!

 urlLink Muscular Dystrophy Advocate Dies at 13 Mattie Stepanek, the child poet whose inspirational verse made him a best-selling writer and a prominent voice for muscular dystrophy sufferers, died Tuesday of a rare form of the disease. He was 13. I wasn't a big fan, but it's still sad news.

 This story in the New York Times today is fascinating. I hope that these enterprising women can get an organization together. Apparently, houses of single immigrant men in the Northeast are hiring immigrant women to come cook for them. I got sucked into the story by the picture of the soup. Yum. Inside the overcrowded immigrant homes that speckle New York's suburbs, Hispanic women like Ms. Gress-Escamilla have begun to forge their livelihoods. The women call themselves cocineras, or cooks, a disparate door-to-door army that brings a taste of home to men living far from their wives and mothers. These women make dinner, overhear secrets, console those who cannot find work and quickly get used to grown men calling them madre, or mother. "They're people from my hometown," Ms. Gress-Escamilla said in Spanish, through a translator. "You get to know them and have a sense of family with them. They need to eat." So after the men leave for their long days of work, the women arrive and head toward the kitchen. They make soup, a main course, rice and beans and maybe a dessert or empanadas if someone is celebrating a birthday. They set the dishes on the stove to be warmed later, slip out the front door and move on to the next house. The homes are flung far across the suburbs, and the women sometimes work for weeks without pay. But the payments are in cash, the women do not have to speak English, and they can grasp at their dreams of independence from bosses and night shifts at fast-food restaurants. "I am my own boss," said one cocinera, Josefa Barrera-Rios. ( my emphasis ) urlLink The New York Times > New York Region > Far From Mother, a Mother's Touch

 It's a Saturday, and I'm working at the office. Whoo hoo. Check out this urlLink flash comic by Mark Fiore. He is so good at making me laugh at what really disturbs me about current events. Okay, I usually laugh and get angry at the same time. I think that's what I mean to say. Just go see it for yourself.

 Dear friend, Michael Moore's new film, "Fahrenheit 9/11," opens on Friday, June 25. An expose of the Bush administration's actions after 9/11 and in Iraq, the movie is the first documentary ever to win the grand prize in the world-famous Cannes Film Festival. The New York Times said, "Whatever you think of Moore[these are] pictures that have been largely shielded from our view." I'm going on opening weekend along with other members of MoveOn PAC. I hope you'll come too and see what all the fuss is about. Sign up to come along and find out how to buy tickets at: urlLink http://www.moveonpac.org/f911/ MoveOn PAC is an online group, 2 million members strong, that organizes citizens to work together to change the country this year. I hope you'll come along. Thanks! (I'm posting this instead of e-mailing it. Thanks MoveOn!)

 urlLink Strategy: Bush Allies Till Fertile Soil, Among Baptists, for Votes Ack! It doesn't surprise me, but I am still a little stunned: President Bush's re-election campaign took its effort to enlist churches in turning out conservative voters to the annual meeting of the Southern Baptist Convention this week, urging pastors to do everything short of risking their churches' tax-exempt status to support the president's re-election. Mr. Bush's courtship of Southern Baptists, the largest Protestant denomination, began Tuesday when he addressed them in a live telecast from the White House and thanked them for their prayers. The campaign's appeals picked up in earnest the next day, when Ralph Reed, the former head of the Christian Coalition, who is now an official of the Bush campaign, arrived to ask pastors more explicitly for their help in winning votes. Mr. Reed delivered his remarks at a Bush-Cheney "pastors reception," paid for by the Bush campaign. The hosts were the departing president of the Southern Baptists and three other prominent leaders, and the reception was in a conference room of a hotel adjacent to the convention. As the pastors came in, a campaign aide collected about 100 signatures and addresses from ministers pledging to endorse Mr. Bush's re-election publicly, to "host a citizenship Sunday for voter registration," to "identify someone who will help in voter registration and outreach" and to organize a " 'party for the president' with other pastors" on specific dates closer to the election. As the pastors mingled around fountains of soft drinks and trays of cubed cheese, Mr. Reed urged, "Without advocating on behalf of any candidate or political party, you can make sure that everyone in your circle of influence is registered to vote." Mr. Bush's political advisers often repeat their belief, Mr. Reed reminded the pastors, that about four million conservative Christian voters did not vote in the last presidential election. The campaign is determined not to let that happen again. And the leaders of the 16 million Southern Baptists have already organized what they say is the first major voter registration drive in their history, beginning at the annual meeting. But as the Bush campaign escalates its appeals to conservative Christian churches, experts in election law say, it is inviting pastors toward potentially treacherous terrain where letting personal endorsements spill over into the business of their churches can jeopardize their tax-exempt status. "It is pushing the line," said Larry Noble, executive director of the Center for Responsive Politics and the former general counsel to the Federal Election Commission. "It goes to the question of, 'How often can you switch hats?' " The dividing line in the tax laws gets even blurrier, Mr. Noble said, when the same pastors are also engaging in their clerical capacity in churchwide voter-registration drives that are officially nonpartisan. And the line can become blurrier still, he added, if the church officials are specifically directing their messages to partisan voters - if, for example, Southern Baptist leaders believe that most of their members are likely to vote Republican. If you aren't registed with the NYTimes, go to urlLink bug me not to get a code to log in. It is worth it to read this article.

 MoJo Blog had a lot of informative entries yesterday, but the one that interested me most was urlLink this one on the study of a dead zone off the coast of Oregon: Specifically, scientists studying a "dead zone" -- an oxygen-starved area of the ocean where marine life has vanished -- off the Oregon coast appear to have established a link between the phenomenon and shifts in ocean currents caused by climate change. This affects us, people. How much longer will this administration ignore the environmental damage being done? I think it will be ignored until it is too late.

 I'm sure you've probably already read it by now, but I just discovered this article by Kurt Vonnegut (because it was quoted in my Sojourners newsletter). Here's my favorite part (with my emphasis): Eugene Debs, who died back in 1926, when I was only 4, ran 5 times as the Socialist Party candidate for president, winning 900,000 votes, 6 percent of the popular vote, in 1912, if you can imagine such a ballot. He had this to say while campaigning: As long as there is a lower class, I am in it. As long as there is a criminal element, I'm of it. As long as there is a soul in prison, I am not free. Doesn't anything socialistic make you want to throw up? Like great public schools or health insurance for all? How about Jesus' Sermon on the Mount, the Beatitudes? Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the Earth. Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy. Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God. ... And so on. Not exactly planks in a Republican platform. Not exactly Donald Rumsfeld or Dick Cheney stuff. For some reason, the most vocal Christians among us never mention the Beatitudes. But, often with tears in their eyes, they demand that the Ten Commandments be posted in public buildings. And of course that's Moses, not Jesus. I haven't heard one of them demand that the Sermon on the Mount, the Beatitudes, be posted anywhere. "Blessed are the merciful" in a courtroom? "Blessed are the peacemakers" in the Pentagon? Give me a break! urlLink AlterNet: Cold Turkey

 urlLink MoJo blog has an insightful post reflecting on a recent study on the gender gap. Here's the kicker: "Between 1983 and 1998, women on average earned only 38 percent of what men did." Gosh, I'm so glad there is no need for feminism anymore. Obviously, women are receiving the equal rights and equal pay they deserve. Here's a urlLink link to the NYTimes article covering the study. and God bless America! (/sarcasm)

 My boss just handed me urlLink this opinion column to read, after we had talked about the Reagan funeral coverage at break. We wondered how Carter's funeral will stack up to it (heaven forbid he die anytime soon), and how Ford's funeral might be treated. As neither of these presidents is viewed as a diety by either party, it's doubtful they will receive the over-extensive coverage Reagan did. My favorite quotes: "I refer, in case my drift goes uncaught, to the fulsome media tributes that have attended the former president's death. Not just fulsome, but uncritical, bereft of balance, lacking perspective. If all you knew of Ronald Reagan is what you saw on newscasts or read in the initial coverage from USA Today, The New York Times, The Washington Post or The Miami Herald, you'd think him a cross between Wilford Brimley and John Rambo, a twinkle-eyed grandfather with a fondness for jelly beans who single-handedly saved America, kicked the Commies in the butt, and maybe even found a cure for the common cold while he was at it. You'd never know about what he said in Mississippi." "So let me say this for the record: Some of us watch these proceedings with the sober respect you'd have for any loss of life, but also with dry eyes. The media have sold us a fraudulent version of history. Everybody loved Ronald Reagan, it says. "Beg pardon, but ''everybody'' did not." Thanks for saying what I was thinking, Mr. Pitts!

 urlLink Mikhaela's links to Reagan toons Lest we forget the man behind the god the conservatives want us to worship. I'm sure he was a great guy, and we all know I appreciate his contribution to the movie world (see my urlLink review of my fave movie of his), but we need to keep our perspective here. He made many mistakes as President. On this day of remembrance, that's what I'll keep in mind.

 My friend Mel and I are going to urlLink this tonight. I'm looking forward to visiting St. Andrews. My friends who used to attend there claim it is too progressive. I won't get to see much of their worship style tonight, but I am eager to see their space, as well as hear more about violence in the media. Children, violence and the media - all fascinating topics to me.

 I started this post yesterday, but couldn't post it b/c we closed early: Hector Mondragon was tortured over 20 years ago in Columbia. In this urlLink article , he points out that those who torture are still human: Torturers are not "a few bad apples" who just need to be thrown away or have the rotten piece cut off. They are human beings who have been converted into instruments of the system of economic exploitation and oppression. None of them came to be this way on their own. Condemning a few of them to jail might be "fair," but it is not going to stop the nightmare. He asserts: I feel in heartfelt communion with the terrible pain and humiliation of these tortured prisoners, but I also find this communion with the disgrace of the torturers and their human misery. I think that we all deserve redemption from this system of death and reconciliation to our dignity as human beings. Amen, Hector!

 I was at urlLink CD Universe , just looking around, when I saw urlLink this on their Top Seller list. I couldn't believe it. A new CD by this group? And all covers of "California pop songs". . . I thought it was bad enough to be found singing along with one of their 90's hits in a dress store. I did love their harmonies though. I'm attempting to put together a themed summer CD for urlLink Charlie's summer CD swap. I think I've decided on "Songs from Summers Past". It looks to be quite a variety, and will include one Backstreet Boys song, I think. Just because I can. No, really, there's a story behind it.

 text from a urlLink speech Julian Bond, the current president of the NAACP, gave at a recent conference. My favorite parts: About conservative Republicans (with my edits): "They preach racial neutrality and they practice racial division. They celebrate Dr. King and they misuse his message. . . Their idea of a pristine environment is a parking lot before the lines are painted in. . . Their idea their idea of compassion is to ask the guest at the millionaires banquet if they want an extra helping or a second dessert. Theyve tried to patch the leaky economy and every other domestic problem with duct tape and plastic sheets. Theyve written a new constitution for Iraq and ignored the Constitution here at home. (Applause.)" About Democrats (emphasis mine): "And what about the opposition party? Too often theyre not in opposition; theyre an amen corner. With some (applause) with some notable exceptions, theyve been absent without leave in this battle for Americas soul. (Applause.) When one party is shameless, the other cant afford to be spineless. (Applause.) These economic imbalances not only mean difficult times for many, they also undermine democratic values. The danger is that plutocracy will prevail over democracy, that the free market will rule over the free citizen ." The current administration: "We have a president who talks like a populist and governs for the privileged. We were promised compassionate conservatism; instead we got crony capitalism. We have an attorney general whos a cross between J. Edgar Hoover and Jerry Falwell. (Applause.) And we have a Senate majority leader who has voted consistently against labor rights, against civil rights, against womens rights, and hes the one who replaced the bad guy." There is more. I wish I could have heard this speech - as powerful as it is to read, I imagine it was much more when heard. Thanks to urlLink Change for America for posting it.

 I have gone urlLink here to view the trailer of Vanity Fair . As a fan of the book and the director (Mira Nair), I have to comment on the trailer. I hope I am wrong in my perception, but it appears they have made Becky Sharp a sympathetic character. I think Thackeray would not be too happy about it. The only character in the book who gets off scot-free is the narrator, and perhaps Dobbin. Becky is a gold-digger who works for acceptance in society by doing some rather devious things. Amelia is a simpering wimp, a goody-goody who accepts what life doles out to her. Captain Rawdon Cawley is as focused on money as his wife, Becky. This is why the book is so great and funny. I am afraid the movie will lack this satirical feeling. The trailer makes it out to be a melodrama. I guess I'll just have to wait and see.

 I finally updated my blogroll to include participants in the UWC who link to me. Sorry it took so long, but now I'm sharing the love.

 1. Reagan died. I feel muddled about it. He made some great quotes, and had a lot of class, but he made a lot of mistakes too. I will say, he is in one of my favorite classic movies, entitled urlLink One for the Book, or the Voice of the Turtle (I kid you not, my friend). I have about 25 favorite classic movies, and this is one of them. You just can't go wrong with Reagan, lovely Eleanor Parker, and sharp Eve Arden. The plot: Eleanor Parker plays a scatterbrained actress who has had problems with love. Eve Arden is her friend who has made plans with two men for this evening. EP takes one of the guys, a soldier on leave played by Reagan. Of course, it's a love story, but it is slightly risque for the time period. Anyway, you can't find it on video, but maybe TCM will play it again and you can catch it. 2. I am reading Peyton Place . It is extremely interesting, although very un-PC. I've wanted to read it for a while, since it had such an effect on pop-culture. I found it at the library on Saturday and have read 4/5 of it. 3. I went to an amazing church service on Sunday at Central Pres. My family used to go there when my sister and I were very small, but I have a feeling it is more liberal now than it was then (as my father is somewhat conservative). It was so wonderful to be able to pay attention during the sermon, and actually get something from it. It was so inspiring - I took notes, and I NEVER do that. Well, sometimes I write snide comments in my bulletin. But not this time. It just shows me all I am missing at my current church home. If I had to choose a church right now, I think it would be this church over St. James Episocopal. Partly because, although baptized Episcopalian, I am not used to the high church stuff they do. update : TCM will be showing my fave Reagan movie on Thursday, June 10. See the schedule for the day urlLink here . It's showing at 3:15pm my time.

 urlLink Giving Burger King Moms a voice by Jim Wallis. He makes an excellent point - with all our current focus on the "war on terrorism", we have left our working poor on the sidelines: "The Republicans look after their wealthy constituents, and the Democrats want to be the champions of the middle class. Neither makes a priority of the needs of the poor. Is that because the problems of poverty are disappearing in America? Hardly. The poverty rate (including that for children) has risen over the past two years. More people than ever are without health insurance. Increasing numbers of people can't find affordable housing. The minimum wage hasn't been raised for seven years." We need to work on our focus here.

 urlLink you must watch it. I can't wait to see it! The trailer is funny, but oh so frightening at the same time.

 urlLink WorkingForChange-Fiore presents: Quit yer whining! It's all worth it, really.

 urlLink John Kerry intern scandal - Alexandra Polier's account A very well-written, very sad story from the woman whose life was pretty much ruined by the Washington rumor mill. My favorite paragraph (with my own emphasis): And so my education had taken me pretty much as far as it could. I started out as an ambitious young woman inspired by politics and the media. Ive ended up disenchanted with both. If I had been an ambitious young man, this story would not have happened. Im never going to know exactly what happened, but that matters less to me now. I lost a good friend and learned a few lessons. I am struck by the pitiful state of political reporting, which is dominated by the unholy alliance of opposition research and its latest tool, the Internet. Even the Wall Street Journals Website ran Drudges story, with only a brief disclaimer that his stories werent always accurate.

 I couldn't think of a title for this post, so I quote Erasure. This week looks to be crazy hectic and I just have not had time to view my regular news sources. I make time to read a few of my favorite blogs (and comment), but I miss reading all of them. I hope to get back in my groove soon, but for now, this looks to be my post for the week (at this blog). Neat find: Thanks to urlLink Chris , I have gotten hooked on urlLink the never ending story blog . It's an ongoing story, composed by whomever wishes to post. When you write this way, sometimes the plot gets bogged down in the details, but it is fun. random: I participate in this group blog called urlLink the University without condition . I joined because I thought it would be an educational experience as well as a neat concept, but I am feeling a tad wary of it now. Maybe I was incorrect in my assumptions about it. Anyway, I'd like to be involved in a group reading blog, but I don't know if this one is ultimately right for me. I'm feeling pretty much ambivalent about it currently.

 I've read some strange results in my statcounter, but this is pretty up there. First off, why would someone look up "Halliburton" and "best day" at the same time? And secondly, why is my blog (only) the ninth result to come up? urlLink CNN.com: Huh?

 I laughed as hard as I could, given that I am still at work. It is hard to pick a favorite part, but it just might be this: As per your request, I sent yesterday a directory of our church membership to your campaign headquarters here in California. All addresses and telephone numbers are up-to-date, which I trust will be quite useful for your field team as they seek to make personal connections with our flock. Our pastoral staff even put stars next to the names of those members who have given more than $1,000 to our church during the past year. We do not have an especially wealthy congregation, but as I reminded them last week in my sermon, if a poor widow can give a mite, so might we open our hearts and checkbooks to the burning Bush of Texas, whom God has led to Washington for our sakes. .................................................................... You will be pleased to hear that our planting of seeds already is yielding fruit. By its own inspiration, the Visitation Committee announced its plans to suspend visits to the sick and elderly for the months of October and November (except in those cases of impending death). Instead, these faithful souls will use their hours of ministry going door to door in the neighborbood surrounding the church, handing out your Voter Guides and, if God opens hearts, asking for our neighbors to volunteer for Bush/Cheney '04. I cannot recall a time when our flock was so focused on a single mission. In no small part we have you to thank. The campaign potlucks you demanded did not even seem like a duty; after the meal, we sang songs of praise for the divine blessing given our nation under Republican leadership. Thanks be to God, I now know how the people of Judea must have felt when He bestowed on King David His eternal wisdom to guide His people in a "united states" of Israel. This is great satire, people. Go enjoy it. urlLink Letter to the Bush/Cheney Re-election Campaign Headquarters

 Worth watching - a video about 10 minutes long on the Arab-American vote for 2004. Interspersed with the political thought are some pretty humorous moments from some Arab-American comedians. Thanks to Sojourners for linking to it. urlLink washingtonpost.com: Comedy With an Agenda

 From her NY Times opinion piece today: So here in one word is my new counterterrorism strategy for Kerry: feminism. Or, if that's too incendiary, try the phrase "human rights for women." I don't mean just a few opportunistic references to women, like those that accompanied the war on the Taliban and were quietly dropped by the Bush administration when that war was abandoned and Afghan women were locked back into their burkas. I'm talking about a sustained and serious effort. So John and John: Announce plans to pour dollars into girls' education in places like Pakistan, where the high-end estimate for female literacy is 26 percent, and scholarships for women seeking higher education in nations that typically discourage it. (Secular education for the boys wouldn't hurt either.) Expand the grounds for asylum to all women fleeing gender totalitarianism, wherever it springs up. Reverse the Bush policies on global family planning, which condemn 78,000 women yearly to death in makeshift abortions. Lead the global battle against the traffic in women. She goes on to say that we must first work on women's rights within the USA, mentioning the fact that urlLink CEDAW is still stalled in our Senate. I don't think it can be said that women have equal rights in the USA until we get on the boat with that one. urlLink The New York Times > Opinion > Guest Columnist: The New Macho: Feminism

 The guy next to me on the plane from Dallas to Albuquerque mentioned this article as a reason he was scared to fly (I have a feeling there are many more, and this guy travels weekly for work!). I'm glad to see it is all a ruse. urlLink Urban Legends Reference Pages: Politics (Terror in the Skies)

 I'm back and wishing I had taken an extra day off.&nbsp; I had a really good time in New Mexico, but was out and about every day.&nbsp; We went to Taos, Santa Fe, Albuquerque old town, Jemez Springs (where we spent the night at a music camp), and Las Vegas (New Mexico).&nbsp; I spent all week with my pregnant best friend and her husband.&nbsp; It was terrific, but I really need to recover. I might have time later to post about the Convention, as I have made time to watch it both nights so far. I have to admit, I didn't miss blogging as much as I thought I might.&nbsp; I did make time to do an audio post on my other blog, but that was it. And Brey - I'm sorry I wasn't able to meet up with you!

 I'm very sleepy today, which just reinforces my gladness that my vacation starts tomorrow. &nbsp; I got an email this morning from someone I don't know asking me to participate in publicity for a book by an author I've never heard of, who&nbsp;keeps a blog I'd never read before.&nbsp; How did they find me? If I&nbsp;actually had some previous knowledge of this person, I might be tempted, but as I've&nbsp;never heard of her and am not familiar with her story,&nbsp;I don't think I can sincerely plug her work.&nbsp; And is this blog that widely read for my plugging her to make any difference? I doubt it. &nbsp; I am humbled by the offer, but I'm going to pass.&nbsp; &nbsp; See you late next week!

 After two decades of living in secrecy, semi-isolation and increasingly distressed obscurity, Bobby Fischer, the former world chess champion, was arrested Friday by Japanese immigration authorities in Tokyo and accused of trying to leave the country without a valid passport. urlLink Chess's Lost Soul, Bobby Fischer, Is Held in Tokyo

 urlLink The Institute on Religion and Democracy Why am I just finding out about this organization? I have been told that members were quite present at General Assembly, and that a preacher in Austin is a member of their think tank. They have written a piece entitled "Saving the Soul of the Presbyterian Church". From their mission statement: In our own society, cultural trends are sapping the virtues and institutions of civil society necessary for democratic life. These worrisome trends include an extreme emphasis on the autonomous individual, the elevation of rights over responsibilities, a hostility toward definitive moral standards, an excessive dependence upon the state to solve all problems, and the cultivation of divisive identity politics. Perhaps the most serious threat to American democracy comes from the fragmentation of the family, the building block of society. Nor is democracy in a good state abroad. A large part of humankind still lives under regimes that violate basic human dignity. Hundreds of millions of religious believers suffer persecution or restrictions in the exercise of their faith. Dictators espousing communism, radical Islam, militant nationalism , and other doctrines deny the very notion of universal human rights. By binding their peoples in political shackles, they also make it more difficult for them to rise up from poverty. Never has there been a greater need for strong churches, as a crucial component of civil society. America and the world require a fresh impetus of Christian evangelization, transforming both individuals and cultures. Yet tragically, important segments of the American church are spiraling into deep decline as they retreat from this task. Particularly in the historic mainline Protestant denominations, but also in other churches, many leaders and institutions have lost their focus on the Gospel, the basis of their existence. They have turned toward political agendas mandated neither by Scripture nor by Christian tradition. They have thrown themselves into multiple, often leftist crusades radical forms of feminism, environmentalism, pacifism, multi-culturalism, revolutionary socialism, sexual liberation and so forth. Not all of these causes are entirely unjust. But they have gone awry and inflicted serious damage upon the church and society. In pursuit of radical political agendas, church leaders have alienated members, undermined church structures of openness and accountability, and rendered their own ministries ineffective. They have exacerbated the social trends that they ought to have been resisting. bolded emphasis mine, as always.&nbsp; This really creeps me out.&nbsp; I know the Religious Right is everpresent, but I just don't associate them with the Presbyterian church.&nbsp; Boy, the times they are a-changing.

 Last night I went to a showing of urlLink THE END OF SUBURBIA , an independent documentary about how within the next 10 years, our oil resources will peak, and then we'll just be sh*t up a creek. It discussed how the suburban dream will become moot, because no one will be able to afford to live in suburbs anymore, as gas/energy prices&nbsp;will be too high. The film made some really good points, and the room we watched it in at the History Center was packed with people, but towards the end it got a little too far-fetched for me. I do think this is a relevant issue, but there were people in the film saying that our world will basically go to pot in the next ten years, making all these predictions about how messed up the world will become.&nbsp; It almost had me, and then it&nbsp;sorta lost me; it just got a little too fantastic. You can go to the above link to find a public showing of it (and I do recommend viewing it somehow), or you can go urlLink here to read more about it.

 Thanks to CAMPO, toll roads have been locally approved for the Austin area in the near future. TxDOT and the Central Texas Regional Mobility Authority still have to vote on them, but I'm sure urlLink Ric Williamson and the rest of the Transportation Commission will vote for the toll roads. Mr. Williamson loves the idea of toll roads. Part of me thinks they are a good idea, but part of me doesn't. Why don't we just heighten the gas tax, or tax SUVs more already? Eventually, we will have to, because I seriously doubt these proposed toll roads will make the money to repair themselves in the future. It's just like a momentary fix or something. Why are taxes bad, and tolls so good? I just don't get it. Either way, the little people have to pay. urlLink Area leaders vote yes on toll roads

 The president of our board just sent me an email saying she has to resign, which means I am now the president by default. A 26-year-old middle-class gal as president of the board of a medium-size local non-profit? I am currently in shock. At least our next meeting isn't til August, so I have some time to plan strategy. As if I didn't have enough going on this month!

 I heard this woman's amazing story on Morning Edition this morning. urlLink NPR : A Thai Woman's Fight for AIDS Drugs for All Because of her work, Thailand has almost universal access when it comes to AIDS drugs. She is now working on setting up facilities in Africa.

 Dear regular reader (or person who just happened upon my blog now) - I probably will not have time to post much for the rest of July. We're short-staffed the rest of this week, and then I head to Albuquerque the 21st through 27th. I hope to have some intermittent posts, and also to have time to visit my regular blog reads, but as for regular steady posting - I probably won't get back to that until August. I hope you keep visiting, anyway! love, me.

 Scott Bateman has got a great cartoon up today. Take a second to check it out; you won't be disappointed. urlLink scottbateman: which is worse? The "running mate dude" is the kicker. Hee hee.

 I'm not sure that I completely agree with this article, as I am an Alias addict, but I do agree with her analysis of Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle . Lisa Jervis makes the connection between "hot chicks kicking celluloid ass" and p*rnorgra*hy, and I think it applies in the case of the second Charlie's Angels film. Not that I've seen it, mind you - the preview gave me enough to see. I also haven't seen any volume of Kill Bill yet. Here's the last paragraph: The simplistic questions to ask are if these images make for good role models, and whether they're good or bad for feminism. But what we need aren't better role models, or images that can easily be labeled "good" or "bad." Once pornographic iconography thoroughly saturates women's film violence, we'll be stuck with that tired old depoliticized sexualization clouding our vision whenever we watch it. What we need is substance beyond the pornographic. What we need are conceptions of female violence that preserve the potential of the threat that our rage and our power represent. urlLink AlterNet: MediaCulture: Decoding Hot Girl-on-Girl Action

 We are short-staffed this week, so I won't be posting much here or anywhere else. I just want to go ahead and discuss this whole Kerry-Edwards thing. I am not a little disappointed in Kerry for this. I keep hoping the Democratic party will get their act together and nominate a minority or female for at least Vice-President. Edwards is a nice guy, don't get me wrong, but he won't change anyone's mind. I'm here in the South(west) and I can tell you, if someone was going to vote for Bush, they probably still will. I kept praying for Bill Richardson to get the nod, but oh well. More sometime soon, I promise. update: I went ahead and signed up for a urlLink free Kerry/Edwards bumper sticker anyway.

 Working on Saturday, again. I just found this: urlLink Baptists Angry at Bush Campaign Tactics The Southern Baptist Convention, a conservative denomination closely aligned with President Bush, said it was offended by the Bush-Cheney campaign's effort to use church rosters for campaign purposes. "I'm appalled that the Bush-Cheney campaign would intrude on a local congregation in this way," said Richard Land, president of the Southern Baptist Convention's Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission. "The bottom line is, when a church does it, it's nonpartisan and appropriate. When a campaign does it, it's partisan and inappropriate," he said. "I suspect that this will rub a lot of pastors' fur the wrong way." The Bush campaign defended a memo in which it sought to mobilize church members by providing church directories to the campaign , arranging for pastors to hold voter-registration drives, and talking to various religious groups about the campaign. Maybe those Southern Baptists are smarter than I give them credit for! Good for them. I know I'd get angry if I found that my church had given my address out to a campaign. That just blows my mind.

 urlLink Actor Marlon Brando Dies at 80 I was never a big fan of Brando, but I do like his acting in On the Waterfront . I know it's a sad loss for film history, but I find it strange that I was reading about his money problems just the other day - that he was totally bankrupt and living in squalor. I am sure the veracity of this is questionable, but his death is certain. All these irreplaceable screen legends are dying, and we really have no comparable talent nowadays. It's quite sad.

 I found this by looking up "Calexico Alone Again Or" on Google. urlLink Calexico: Alone Again Or - it's a terrific cover. I've been hearing it a lot lately, and I just love it.

 I heard urlLink this story on NPR this morning and it reminded me that the company I work for had transcribed several interviews for this project. Interviewees we typed included: BB King, Clarence Fountain (of Blind Boys of Alabama), Little Joe Hernandez, and more. It's so cool to have been a small part of that - even if all I did was transfer the interviews from minidisc to audiotape. You can see more interviews here: urlLink Voices of Civil Rights :: The Voices . We are currently working on an interview with Willie Nelson, but I am pretty sure that's for an unrelated project.

 The Episcopalians get urlLink things done, while we Presbyterians are still just urlLink talking about it.

 Thanks to urlLink The Living Room Candidate , you can now view campaign ads online. This is exciting for me - I took politics classes in school and focused on media, especially television and its role in politics. So now people of my generation can view urlLink the ad that pretty much ruined Goldwater's chances just by existing . "Daisy" was never actually shown as an ad, if I remember correctly. The news media found out about it and showed it on the news. Go view it - it's creepy scary. Another favorite of mine is urlLink "Bear" from the Reagan campaign. This one isn't scary - it's just freaky how much meaning people put with this random ad. Here's the transcript: ANNOUNCER: There is a bear in the woods. For some people the bear is easy to see. Others don't see it at all. Some people say the bear is tame. Others say it's vicious and dangerous. Since no one can really be sure who's right, isn't it smart to be as strong as the bear? If there is a bear? If this showed now, we'd say, "Huh? Explain that to us." I'm going to put a link to this on my side menu. Finding this amazing online resource has made my day a little better. edit: b/c I can't spell ruined.

 This blog placed #38 in the Best of Austin contest. I'm amazed it made it into the top 50 at all. Or perhaps there are only 50 blogs in Austin. I find that extremely hard to believe. I can't believe I beat urlLink t h e c h u n k . Their blog is way more technical than mine. Anyway, urlLink Charlie got second place. urlLink Results

 I was a music minor, if I haven't mentioned it by now (I'm sure I have). Taking classes in music theory and history has helped me appreciate music. I have eclectic tastes; I listen to folk, classic rock, bluegrass, opera, rockabilly, power pop, oldies, world, "real" country, Classical, Romantic, and even a good amount of 20th Century music (except Phillip Glass - urgh!). Since my graduation, I have tried to listen to more "classical" music on the radio. Knowing the movements that affected certain composers, I feel like I can understand more about the music. When I was in Minnesota, I found urlLink a classical station out of St. Olaf College that played the best selection. I thought when I moved back to Austin, urlLink the station here would be even better. However, the station here has gotten progressively worse. In the past couple of years, they have cut fun and educational shows like "The Basics" (which I was a huge fan of, whenever I remembered to catch it), and have increased the play of soundtracks. Now, I like movies, therefore, I like soundtracks. But they are not playing soundtracks like "On the Waterfront" or even "Glory"! They play "Dances with Wolves" practically every week. They have moved to Classical Lite. They play more popular pieces, more frequently. I'm just so disappointed. It frustrates me that this my only option for classical music radio here in town. I can't afford digital radio, and I certainly can't afford to buy all the CDs of my favorite works. Basically, I'm stuck. urlLink Brey has brought this (the death of classical music radio) up before, but I just had to rant on it today, as I heard the strains of "Dances with Wolves" starting up.

 Thanks to Billmon: Third, this bill meets our commitment to America's Armed Forces by preparing them to meet the threats of tomorrow. Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people, and neither do we. urlLink President Signs Defense Bill, Aug. 5, 2004

 REM, Keb Mo, Dixie Chicks, James Taylor, Pearl Jam and more: coming to your area on the Vote for Change music tour. urlLink Rockers play for change

 I just happened upon the urlLink manifesto (pdf file) of the Christian counterculture movement. I was looking for lyrics to Sam Phillips' song "One Day Late" ("Help is coming/ help is coming/ one day late/ one day late"), and found a site that sells her CDs, which is affiliated with this movement. I'm going to research more, because I'm not sure I've got an absolute grasp on their thought. Would Christian counterculture be more conservative or less conservative than our current mainstream Christianity? If they appreciate Sam Phillips, they can't be too conservative. update: by sifting through a couple of their online newsletters, I find that they are indeed quite conservative. I wonder, who set this movement up? Who is behind it? and why are they selling Sam Phillips CDs? urlLink the christian counterculture project

 This sounds like a terrific idea. Troops who have returned from Iraq and Afghanistan are encouraged by writers and poets to put their experience down in words: The program, called "Operation Homecoming: Writing the Wartime Experience," is aimed at preserving stories from the battlegrounds of Iraq and Afghanistan. The endowment expects to hold 20 or so workshops at American military installations between now and next spring (Camp Lejeune was the second stop; the first was Fort Drum in upstate New York in June), with a formidable roster of participating writers selected by an independent panel of editors appointed by the endowment. It includes military thriller heavyweights like Jeff Shaara and Tom Clancy, as well as prominent literary lights like Tobias Wolff and Richard Bausch. The program, which will cost about $500,000, is being paid for almost entirely by the Boeing Company. And the Defense Department (an unlikely-seeming bedfellow for the endowment, which is also providing $1 million for a program that will take productions of Shakespeare to military bases) is providing logistical services. This article is definitely worth reading. Go to urlLink bug me not if you aren't registered. urlLink The New York Times > Books > Trying to Make the Pen as Mighty as the Sword

 urlLink CNN.com - Illinois GOP offers Senate nod to Alan Keyes - Aug 5, 2004 This is all because of Obama. A well-spoken, well-educated, impressive African-American Democrat runs in Illinois, and the Republicans have to go fishing for a nominee to go up against him. I do appreciate that Alan Keyes participated in Michael Moore's mosh pit, but that's really all I can say about him. I mean, he doesn't even live in Illinois! This idea would be scoffed at in Texas. I just hope the population of Illinois doesn't fall for it.

 I think FAIR makes some excellent points (as usual). The only place I knew I would get adequate coverage of the convention was CSPAN. I basically flipped between CSPAN and PBS. Even the commentators on the PBS coverage bugged me at times, especially David Brooks. I missed the Al Sharpton speech, but FAIR brings up some interesting comments made after Sharpton's speech: The MSNBC pundits were none too thrilled about Sharpton before he took to the podium, deriding his effect on the entire primary process: Chris Matthews asserted that Sharpton "probably hurt this campaign. He was a humorist. Everything was a joke." Newsweek's Howard Fineman agreed that Sharpton's campaign "was not to be taken seriously, frankly." Historian Doris Kearns Goodwin asked the panelists to "think of the contrast between Jesse Jackson in '88. or you think of Obama the other night, last night, where he's a future candidate." Goodwin didn't make clear why Sharpton could only be compared to other African Americans. Nor did Fineman, noting derisively that Sharpton "stayed first class wherever he went," explain where he thought Sharpton ought to have been staying on the campaign trail. The response from the convention delegates to Sharpton's address was very enthusiastic, but MSNBC actually cut away from the speech in order to resume its panel discussion, where the pundits were having a markedly different reaction. Matthews pondered: "I have got to wonder tonight, Howard and Doris, if this is doing any good for the Democratic Party. They're trying to reach those middle 20 percent." Fineman echoed his consternation, saying he was "very surprised, given the way the Kerry campaign has tried to control and modulate this message here. They didn't need to do this tonight. African-American voters are going turn out in droves for John Kerry and John Edwards regardless. They will walk through walls for them. He is the only guy-- he could actually turn off the black vote, yes." Goodwin concurred: "In fact, the yelling in the rally right now is like chalk on a board, a blackboard. It's grating. You can't bear to listen to it." Instead, MSNBC viewers were treated to more analysis on the order of this from Fineman: "I think, frankly, it's an insult. It's an insult, I think, as an outsider, to African-American voters that they're giving this guy as much time as they are." Matthews finally summed up MSNBC's vision of public service: "We're doing a favor to the Democratic party right now. This is a partisan act. We've taken him off the air." The pundits shared a laugh, before Fineman added: "It's completely counterproductive to what the aim of tonight was, to introduce John Edwards as the spokesman of and tribune of rural people, moderate voters, you know, not necessarily African-Americans, who are already in the camp, already in the camp of the Democratic Party." Interviewing Sharpton after he spoke, even NBC anchor Brian Williams appeared clueless about Sharpton's speech, referring to the "teleprompter that just sat there for what seemed like a half-hour while you did a riff on whatever you did a riff on." Has it really come down to reporters taking politicians to task for *not* just reading off a teleprompter? The bolded sentences are my emphasis, as always. Gosh, I just love our liberal media. urlLink FAIR MEDIA ADVISORY: Covering the Convention

 urlLink Photographer Henri Cartier-Bresson Dies I foolishly thought he was already dead. As a fan of photography (and amateur photographer), I'm sorry that we lost such an amazing artist. For samples of his work: urlLink Tete a Tete: Portraits by Henri Cartier-Bresson - by the Washington Post urlLink Henri Cartier-Bresson - bio and more pics One of my favorite pictures of his is of a man jumping off of a flat ladder, surrounded by a flood of water. You can see it urlLink here . I wish the image were clearer on the site, but I think you can still get some of the effect. I love the pic of urlLink Marcel Duchamp also. He had much impact on the history of photography, and has left us with an abundance of works to learn from and enjoy.

 urlLink A special message for you from Bushie (aka Will Ferrell) I just finished watching this video, which caused me to bother my co-workers with my raucous laughter. I am now going to forward the link on to friends. Yes, it is just that good.

 This weekend a murder/suicide happened near my apartment complex, so I haven't really been thinking about much else news-wise. It was over a girl, that's what gets me. Her current boyfriend killed her ex-boyfriend, then shot himself. I'm a little freaked out about it happening so close to home, as they say, but this kind of thing can happen anywhere. Mostly, I'm just sad that it happened at all. I'm not going to say that "any man's death diminishes me", but that statement is pretty darn close. I've been left to introspect for a short while (and have made some posts at my other blog). I'm sure I'll get out of it soon.

